Sky, and Loki.
Tonight, June 17th, 2012.
Have new details leaked out on the next Xbox?
Rumors intensify that Star Wars The Old Republic may go free to play.
And did Nintendo withhold some big games from E3?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hopefully you're participating with us live at VOG Network or the Voice of Geeks Network, www.vognetwork.com where we tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern every Sunday night right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
But you might be listening to the podcast feed as well.
and that's okay too.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts to talk about video games and gaming culture and all that stuff with you guys.
First off, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's the people who are like, I'm shopping at Whole Foods.
What are you doing here?
And then there's the, oh, let me, go ahead of me.
Like the lady, I had like my salad.
She's like, why don't you check out ahead of me?
Go on.
Are you sure?
Yeah, go ahead.
I'm sure there's more people like that in the world.
Yeah.
So if you really want to see just the duality of human nature, go to Whole Foods.
All right, say hello as well to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Who is not at Whole Foods today.
No.
How are you doing, Loki?
I tend to like to buy my food in the whole form.
Is that like a Costco endorsement?
I'm not sure.
No, I'm just saying that I don't want half foods.
I see.
All right, I get it.
There's a joke there.
All right, hopefully you guys that are participating with us live are in the chat room.
If not, get your butt over there, live.vognetwork.com.
The always present fourth guest on our show is the chat room.
And checking the comments in our chat room.
I'm not sure.
Let's see.
I see Stan says, wake me up when it starts.
I'm going to play Binding of Isaac.
You know, I checked out that game this week.
I got it for like two bucks on Steam during a sale a couple weekends ago.
That game's messed up.
It is.
It really is.
That's a disturbing little game.
And a lot of the art is, you know, it's by the guys who did Super Meat Boy, but it's a very different kind of game.
It's not, you would think it's Zelda when you look at it, but looks can be deceiving.
It's more like a twin stick shooter in Zelda's kind of box.
I wonder if I couldn't hook up my twin sticks.
It may work.
You can do like a... It tells you.
It's weird.
When you go into the options, it tells you, use Joy2Pad to use whatever joystick.
And it even says, don't know what it is?
Google it.
Which I found funny.
I've just been using keyboard.
But I was just, I thought it was very strange.
Like I'm shooting the little things to destroy little piles of poo, which I might find treasure in.
And I was like, this is... The hell is this?
I mean, never mind the story about how his mom wants to kill him, but I won't spoil it.
I won't spoil it.
This crazy mom.
Did you get any of the items?
Because one of the first items you get is mom's underpants.
And I was like...
I actually didn't get too far into it.
That's creeper right there.
Because I had Mass Effect.
All right.
Well, we are going to talk about our gaming weeks and all the games that we've been playing this week.
But first, I thought we would talk about a couple other things at the top of the show here.
For one, if you were listening to Bobby, when he gave us a call there at the end of the show, he said, nine years, 51 weeks and counting.
And that's correct.
You know, next year, or next year, next week...
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
No, I know why we still do this, but it's interesting because a lot of shows, you know, I'm not, I certainly am not going to talk bad about other shows because you know we're big fans of supporting independent podcasts and all that other stuff.
But why do you think there's a lot of shows that don't make it?
You know, there's a lot of shows that don't last, heck, two or three years even.
It's a milestone to get to one year.
What do you think has caused us to go for 10 whole years where other people don't make it?
We've set the bar really low.
That's true.
You know, we don't have a huge audience and that's okay.
You know, we certainly didn't in the first few years of the show.
I mean, we were doing... That first show... You're doing better than 12.
I know.
The first show was for 12 people.
And for internet radio, that was huge.
You know, we were really excited to have 12 people who gave a shit enough to listen to us.
And that's the way it was for many years.
It wasn't really until...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and now there's tons and tons and tons of podcasts all over the iTunes market so it gets a little harder to stand out if you're not IGN or 1UP or one of the big deep-pocketed producers out there.
But I'm really happy with the following that we do have and it does seem like the folks that do show up and participate with our show every week...
are really the reason for me that kind of we keep doing this, you know?
There's a lot of great people that I get to talk to once a week thanks to this show.
And it is a way for me to hang out with DarkSakura and Loki who are, you know, they're okay.
Jamie, what's... Were you talking?
Jamie, what's motivated you for the past 10 years?
She's thinking.
It was at my house for a while.
For a little bit, but not in the beginning.
Dan says he misses the show being at the house.
Does he?
That's actually kind of a nice compliment.
My ego.
Spite.
I don't know why you're wasting your time on that show.
You're not getting paid for it.
Bitch, please.
It's a hobby.
It's something you do for fun.
and even if they can't make it into the chat room live or catch the podcast later on, you know, I'm not doing this for any kind of selfish type of reason.
I'm doing it, I mean, I enjoy it.
Except your ego.
Well, except my ego, of course.
Make my ego grow.
But no, I just do it because I like attention.
I mean, because I like all of you.
That's why I kind of, I don't know, that's why, and I've talked a little bit about this, and I don't want to be very direct because I don't want to throw shade unnecessarily, but I get a little...
We have integrity.
We really do.
You ask, we deliver.
Unless you're being bitches.
And then we'll tell you off.
Or Rob will have a hissy fit.
So, I don't know.
Yeah, it's certainly... Let me tell you this.
It's certainly not money that motivates us.
I'll tell you that much.
That's for sure.
We've had some generous people.
And we've had good things fall into our laps.
And definitely all of you guys who pitched in for our new show computer, Ranma mostly, wasn't it?
It was a variety of people.
I don't want to give one person more credit than another, but that was a really great gesture.
I also do it so Shane will call in every week and sound like he's half asleep.
You know that too.
Oh, hi Shane!
By the way, if you are participating with the show at VOG Network, I was a little slow in activating the check-in.
Sorry, it doesn't run on a timer.
I have to put a button to do it.
But you can now check into the show at live.vognetwork.com and get your points.
Sorry about that.
Slacker.
I just wanted you to wait for it.
He was busy playing that game on his iPad.
The pocket planes?
Pocket planes.
Yeah, we'll come back to that in a minute.
All right, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
Pokey plane, pokey plane.
How was your gaming week, DarkSakura?
We'll start with you.
I played Mass Effect.
And I played... I started a new guild.
So anyone who plays World of Warcraft, I made an all-Druid guild, so you have to be a Druid to be in it.
And it's called Druidia.
And if you don't get the joke, then I feel very, very sorry for you and probably a little old.
I was either going to name it that or Jewish Princesses or Order of Vespa so you should all get where that comes from and I played like a little Lotor but this week has really been kind of exhausting for me and next week is going to be exhausting as well
I've had some design work come onto my plate that I'm getting a little bit for.
I did a book cover.
I've been playing more games than usual, though.
I've played some Fractal.
I love freaking Fractal.
That game pisses me off and I love it for it.
It's like an abusive boyfriend.
So I was right that you are going to really like Mass Effect, even though you're on the first game, but it sounds like you'll play through the series.
Except for people doing music videos that ruin the ending for me.
That was messed up, what you were telling me about that.
But like I was telling you in chat last night, I think there's still a lot of gaps to fill in.
I'm still going to play it because I like the story and I can just make up my own ending in my head.
There's so many subplots about the various characters.
Not so much in one, I hate to say it, but when you get to two, there's a lot between two and three.
I'm looking forward to Miranda.
Miranda's great.
Miranda's hot.
Because that bitch is hot.
Miranda's hot.
Yeah.
If not for my overwhelming fandom of Garrus, I would totally romance that bitch.
You can't as a femme chef.
Sucks!
You can only les out with Liara, I think.
Ashley.
Ashley's a bitch and Liara's too skinny.
No, you can't be lesbianic with Ashley.
I don't think.
No, I'm pretty sure you can't.
You know what character I'm also looking forward to?
Jack.
Jack is awesome.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a great story.
But she oddly made me think of my friend Gary's sister.
Just saying.
I'm not sure what to think about that, but okay.
But yeah, she was pretty cool.
Infanel in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, So many people make up the ending for Mass Effect 3 in their head.
That's true.
And you know what, DarkSakura?
By the time you get to 3, there's going to be that extra content that's the enriched ending, which hasn't been ruined for anyone yet.
It's the original ending with pop-up bubbles.
Like pop-up video?
Exactly.
See, this is what this meant, in case you didn't get it.
TigerClaw in chat says it's all about Miranda's assets.
Oh no, I've seen that bitch's ass.
She is a nice war asset to have.
It's round.
It's round and plump and you just want to reach in the screen and get squished.
It's modeled after the voice actress.
Yeah.
You know who I love too?
Talk about genetic perfection.
Not that I'm into aliens.
I'm very secure in my homosexuality.
But if I were to get it on with a femme alien, Samara's kind of hot.
Just saying.
Even though her children are apparently fucked up.
Aha!
You haven't even played two yet and you know this.
No, I was reading about Asari on the wiki, the Mass Effect wiki, and it came up with whatever it is that they have.
And I know one of them's like addicted to...
and so I actually out of curiosity I did watch on YouTube the what happens if you do it with the crazy chick and of course dead so that was pretty funny and I also I've decided that if I play through it as a dude I'm totally going after Tali because she's just funny and cute
Oh, you've got... There's so much I want to say, but I can't.
Just keep playing.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Mass Effect Lounge Radio.
But it really... I can't believe I missed this series for so many years.
It's so flippin' good.
Ugh.
Anyway.
Well, at any rate, I've been averaging, like, a planet a play, if that makes sense, Rob.
So, like, I just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I should at least get to where I was probably by the end of the night one night when I'm playing so because I tend to you know play and chat with people at the same time so I multitask I multitask and Acidic Vampire asked me who my favorite character is so far in the first game and I mean Shepard's actually pretty pretty badass I dig her
Garry's
Yeah.
He's just so... He can be a dick and you love him.
He's like Thor, kind of, except, you know, not as thee and thou and wearing his mother's drapes.
I think all boys that play Mass Effect kind of want to bromance Garrus, too.
Like, he's just, you know, he's a likable guy.
That's it.
He can be kind of a jerk, but he's a good jerk and you like him.
He's just a nice jerky kind of... He's like your husband.
He's like Dan.
He's really like Dan.
And you just can't help but be charmed by his degrees of arrogance.
by the way I do I don't mean to veer off track too much but we are we are currently in the VOG Network clubhouse on Sony Home and if you want to log into PlayStation Home and search for VOG Network just search for VOG in all caps and it'll come up VOG Network
I also really like Rex Rex is cuddly
He's just, I like the gruff sort of, you know, mercenary attitude.
I mean, I've always had a thing for that kind of character.
While I'm at it, okay, Liara is too talkative and she needs to shut up sometimes.
I mean, there's one thing with being smart, but I hate, you know, when they take things and run away with it.
Ashley's a bitch.
I thought I would like her, but she's really just kind of a bitch ho bag.
And I hate to say it, Caden is just too Mr. Generic Pretty Guy.
Get out of my house.
I'm sorry.
You know what I mean.
He's... I mean, maybe he'll get better.
I haven't used him that much.
And I really think that Tali is adorable.
She's just so cute.
All right.
I swear we're going to move past the Mass Effect chat, but going to some of the comments from our chat room at vognetwork.com, TigerClaw says, Garrus is the kind of character that will make Shepard feel bad when he does bad things.
Not as much as Liara.
It might make her hot in the pants if he does bad things.
All right.
Moving on, anything else for your gaming week, DarkSakura?
I would not have Romance Rex, I'm sorry, but that's too much like doing it with, I can't even say with, like, Jabba the Hutt, sorry.
All right, Loki, how is your gaming?
I know you're not a Mass Effect addict, so you have something else going on, right?
Oh, thank God.
Let's turn in like a soap opera just talking about all the people that you would have sex with in Mass Effect.
So how many block people have you romanced in Minecraft?
There are no block people in Minecraft.
There's just blocks and farm animals.
How many creepers have scared the shit out of you?
None because I'm playing on peaceful.
Boring.
So there's none.
It's a lot easier to build stuff without having things sneak up on you.
So, I've been, uh, I tunneled from my original track, uh, that went from the one station to the next, to my volcanic lair now, and so I have that.
I love that you have an evil underground lair.
Oh, it's above ground, it's, you know, the tallest mountain in the... I thought it was in the volcano.
It is in the volcano.
Aren't a lot of evil lairs in volcanoes?
I swear that was in a James Bond movie, I swear.
It was also in Austin Powers That's true I was hollowing out the volcano to build more stuff Although I'm starting to wonder what the hell I'm supposed to fill this volcano with
I tried making a library, but apparently if the book shelves are too close to lava, even though the lava could be on the other side of a wall several layers away, it'll still catch those books on fire eventually.
So there was one time I was like, I'm all crap.
I need more materials to build my library.
Come back and the whole library burned down.
I'm like, ah, damn it.
Now, I don't want to spoil upcoming news stories, but we are going to talk a little bit about some things that changed in Minecraft this week, and one of them is the removal of the duping bug.
How are you feeling about that, Loki?
I just haven't updated yet.
Never.
I'll never update.
No, I will update.
It's just, it's a little annoying.
This is how I built, like, a huge old storage facility now that I'm slowly filling stuff up with blocks, but it's really boring duping stuff.
Well, at some point when they catch up with the PC version, they'll have creative mode in there, which I think...
Yeah, they're going to have create mode, but even technically that they patched out the duping, there's still ways for me to get stuff that I want.
They have a save file editor that you can edit what you have in your inventory, so I can still dupe that way if I want to, but it's just a pain to pull the save off and do this.
and I know they fixed the clay spawn rate and stuff so you can actually find clay now instead of it being like diamond searching for a diamond but even though diamond is a lot easier to find than this right now and you have to start a new world in order for all those update effects to take effect in your world so like if we respawn the VOG seed or whatever it would actually have different things in it
and they're going to do the same thing again with Pistons.
So right now I'm just going to stick with this world and I'm not going to bother starting a new one just to get more clay because I don't really want clay.
I think I'm going to start over.
I need to do some work in Peaceful.
That's what was slowing me down before was that I was too... I could not get to stuff because of the stupid...
and Creepers and all that stuff.
And I realize that's kind of part of the fun of the game, but I would like to just do peaceful.
And then once I have my underground lair built, I will turn on the monsters, make it the point to go out and destroy them all.
Thanks for watching!
So I played that stuff.
What else did I do?
I played Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3 a little bit.
We played a little bit of the System Link stuff.
Still wish I had some more maps to play because a lot of them are really big.
Whereas the first game, Modern Warfare, just had a bunch of maps that were pretty small that we could actually play on and it wasn't such a big deal.
There was only a couple that were too big.
And now it's like the reverse problem.
Um, so hopefully there will be some more maps that we can check out.
Hopefully for free, because I don't want to have to buy maps for everybody.
And then, um, I was going to play Gravity Rush, but I... What the fuck?
Uh...
I don't know.
Home is interesting.
That's all I can really say.
Spazinator's changed into an outfit that says, it gets hard.
Get your minds out of the gutter.
It's a big piece of wood.
I'm not helping, am I?
Really?
That says, it gets hard.
Is it smooth?
There's a lot of these double entendres in Sony Home.
Dirty ass people who play Home, like me.
I've been good this weekend.
I have not played any Minecraft this weekend.
I thought I wouldn't be able to accomplish that.
Although maybe when I go home later today I may do that.
I did not play any Minecraft today or yesterday.
Anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
Not a lot for me to report.
I've been playing pretty much the usual suspects.
As I mentioned before, Mass Effect 3 multiplayer still kind of consumes.
I finally got the Vortex Sentinel, who's awesome.
I considered buying Mass Effect 3 on PC just so I could play with Alan, who also has Mass Effect 3 on PC.
But now I'm not going to be able to.
Alan's computer blew up last night, like for real.
We think it's the power supply.
He was playing Mass Effect multiplayer for six hours yesterday.
and finally there was just this loud... It was during Under Sedation Live when I was listening.
There's just loud... And then... Damn it, I forgot your game.
I'm sorry.
I know, I was gonna ask about that.
Just come to my house.
Come to my house next week.
We'll see.
Actually, I have to go to Roseville tomorrow anyway, so maybe... Anyway, off-air discussion.
Where was I?
Damn it, you threw me off.
Oh, Mass Effect.
So, Alan's computer broke, so the money I would have spent to get Mass Effect on the PC, I ended up having to buy a power supply for Alan's computer.
So, you know, maybe in the future.
But I do want to do a second playthrough of Mass Effect as Renegade on Xbox 360.
Other stuff I have been playing that's non-Mass Effect.
I checked out a little more of Sony PlayStation Home this week thanks to the VOG Clubhouse.
It made me kind of want to go through and explore it a little bit more.
There's positives and negatives.
Positives is there's a whole lot more it seems like to do in Home now.
A lot more of these mini games that are pretty well-rounded.
I was playing one and the machine is sitting in the VOG Network house.
You can just walk up to it and play it.
It's called Cluster Puck.
There's all those double entendres again, right?
Which is kind of a, I don't know, it's like Tetris Attack meets...
I don't know.
There's this weird mechanic where you can actually move pieces up, down, left, and right, but only the one that you're controlling.
And once you attach it to another piece, it becomes part of the big block that you're moving.
And then when they all fall down, if you have three in a row, they go away.
It was weird, but I liked it.
It was a pretty cool kind of different little puzzle game.
And you unlock dumb little rewards for it.
I was checking out Sony's E3 booth.
I checked out some type of, what is it, Midway thing, but...
They won 99 cents for 50 tickets to actually play the games, and it's all a contest.
And I was like, eh, I don't think I want to do that.
My only real complaint about Home is that some of it's really slow.
And I don't like that it doesn't really buffer a lot.
Like, you know, if it's your first time in Home, you have to download everything.
It kind of takes a little while.
And I like to think I have a fast connection.
That's really the only thing that really bums me out, though, is that Home is kind of...
Remember when they were talking about how it was going to be something that you could launch other games from and it was going to be literally home?
You wouldn't go into your crossbar.
You'd go into home and kind of do everything from there.
It's too slow.
You could never do anything like that.
It's like a computer from the 1980s that takes two and a half minutes to boot sometimes.
I mean, when it loads and when you have things, you know, cached, if you've loaded all the areas or whatever, it's pretty cool.
You know, once you get in there, like once you've downloaded the VOG Clubhouse and all that, it's pretty cool.
But moving seamlessly is a little rough still.
But I do like, they've really expanded.
Like if you haven't checked out Home since it first launched three years ago, there's like a million more things in there now and tons and tons of stuff to unlock for your characters.
That's pretty cool.
I like that.
And multiple theaters dedicated to the Twilight trailer.
Oh, really?
No, I'm just making shit up.
I haven't played Home, nor do I want to play Home.
Is it a Sony movie?
I don't know.
When there's Sony Pictures movies coming out, you better believe they do stuff like that in Home.
Oh, by the way, Rob, before I forget, actually there's one more game that I'm playing.
I'm doing the Mass Effect 3.
That's like a Facebook game, yeah.
Yeah, but I'm already preparing for Mass Effect 3.
There you go.
You're committed.
I've also been playing an iOS game and it's Pocket Planes, the new nimble bit game from the makers of Tiny Tower where now you fly planes.
Oh, that Dream Heights ripoff?
Right?
No, Pocket Planes is not a rip-off of Dream Heights.
I'm sure it will be ripped off soon, though.
But yes, you buy airports, you buy planes, and you ship people and cargo between them.
Exact same artist assets from Tiny Tower.
Although, obviously, they had to go in and draw planes and clouds and, you know, things.
But it's like the same style, the same universe.
I kind of like that they have the two very different kind of games yet in the same universe.
I've heard from some people, though, that don't care for Pocket Planes because it's like...
It's not as easy to get as Tiny Tower was.
Tiny Tower was a very easy concept to get.
Pocket Planes is a little, like, because not only do you have to manage the airports, you have to manage the planes, so you're not just managing a tower, you're kind of having to juggle two things.
There's a lot more places to sink money as well, and there's Twitter integration and all this.
The one reason why NimbleBits games do so well, though, is that you really do get the full experience for free, and it doesn't nag you ever about buying things.
DarkSakura.com
We do have a whole little flight team or was it flight squad?
Flight team?
Something like that.
It's just VOG if you put in as the tag and you can see how you're doing in the world events with folks like myself and Bobby Blackwolf and whoever else on the network is playing the pocket planes.
Alright, that's it for my gaming week.
I don't want to talk about any more iOS games or whatever.
Let's move on.
Let's get into tonight's gaming news.
I'll quickly say housekeeping.
Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, and follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
One more reminder, we are going to get a notice out there, so hopefully some of your favorite game blogs will be posting about this, but our 10-year anniversary special is next week.
I do know we're going to have some guests that are rarely at, we don't,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
at vognetwork.com.
Maybe there'll be some special piece of loot in it for you.
Can't say too much, but maybe.
It will be on the podcast feed, though, if you absolutely have another commitment Sunday nights.
Of course, it'll be on the podcast feed.
We would just love to see you live.
Cancel them.
Cancel them for us.
We also will be taking calls for an extended period of time, and...
After tonight's show, if you want to leave a message for the 10-year anniversary show, you can do that.
And you can do that through Friday.
And I'll have more information up on Twitter and Facebook after the show.
But that will be open.
We encourage our fellow podcasters to call, our fans to call.
My only suggestion, because we are anticipating there will be a handful, I mean, not to be all ego, but we know a lot of people have been asking.
We are anticipating a lot.
So try to keep your messages brief.
If you ramble on for five minutes, I can't play it.
We're not going to have the time next week.
But if you make it 30 seconds, it's a lot more likely to get on air.
So we're going to be taking those throughout the coming week.
Again, more details on Twitter and Facebook after the show tonight.
All right, now we can get into some gaming news.
Loki, start us off tonight, please.
Okay, so there's some more details regarding the Wii U. Some of the programming stuff.
First off, they have infrastructure in place to allow free-to-play games, which is kind of interesting when you think about it because they've made many comments in the past about how they didn't like the fact that some of the games on the iOS platform and stuff like that
We're too cheap and devaluing everything else.
But apparently they said that we've designed a system from a technical standpoint to allow developers to freely take advantage of things like free-to-play and microtransactions.
So that's kind of nice.
We'll see some of that stuff coming that way.
And of course they're saying, you know...
Currently, they're not actively looking to enter the free-to-play market for their first-party content, but they are making it available for anybody else that may want to make a free-to-play game.
Just, you know, Nintendo's not going to do that.
And then, of course, there's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They're not saying exactly how, just saying that friends codes, they're going to be there, but not the existing friend code system.
You'll be able to identify people as friends and have a certain level of interaction versus different level of interaction for more general population.
So...
I don't know, was that like the Google Groups or something like that?
Where you can do that with Google Plus or something?
Who knows, but it's still kind of annoying that you have to do that, but whatever.
And then of course they also said that the system will allow achievements in games, however it's not mandatory.
So some games will have achievements and some may not.
I just get this feeling from reading some of this stuff that it's like Nintendo's putting a lot of this stuff that they have available for other platforms right now, like achievements or trophies and some of this other different online playstiff, and they have this available for third parties, but Nintendo themselves aren't really taking advantage of it.
It's like...
Oh yeah, we're just going to kind of do things the way we have been doing them and we're not really going to do a lot of this online stuff or, you know, have achievements and things like that.
I mean, it'd be nice if they did, but I don't know.
I just don't get the vibe that they're going to be kind of doing all this new fancy stuff.
They're just going to be, you know, repeating what they've done before.
Translation, we don't like to do what everybody else does.
We're going to do our thing.
If everyone jumped off the bridge with you...
Perhaps.
How high is the bridge?
What do you think, though, about that achievement part not being mandatory?
I find that kind of interesting because it seems like the makers of games will be able to kind of do whatever they want.
I mean, some might kind of make it in parity with whatever's on 360 and Steam and so forth, but others may just decide not to do it.
That kind of reminds me of Steam, though, because Steam has that kind of thing where some games do have achievements and some don't.
I don't think it's necessarily a deal-breaker.
It is kind of disappointing that there's not going to be achievements along there.
I mean, for me, it seems like, eh, we don't really want to do that, but I know you guys want to, so we're going to go ahead and allow you to do it, but we're not going to do it.
I mean, it just kind of seems like they're just taking the easy way out for a lot of this stuff.
Have they straight up said that Pikmin's not going to have them?
Weird.
It's too hard!
So, you know,
I don't know.
We'll get to that later, but it's just stupid.
Do you think they could land some big free-to-play games?
You know, I don't know, thinking of Steam and so forth, like, I don't know, well, DC Universe is a Sony game, so no, but maybe like Spiral Knights from Sega or something?
You know?
it's good that they have that infrastructure in place so they could possibly do that and also it'd be nice to see if they have more of an MMO type thing in place I'd imagine if it's free to play with microtransactions I wouldn't see it being too difficult for them to have microtransactions for subscription models and stuff like that but it's nice to have the options there but at the same time I just kind of wish there was a little bit of a parity between everything that they're doing
BlackWolf in our chatroom says certain Nintendo things already have achievements such as the Mii Plaza but suck too
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, of course, Nintendo was asked to comment on this whole situation.
How does Nintendo intend to differentiate between what Microsoft's doing with smart glass and what Nintendo's doing?
And essentially, according to Satoru Iwata, who was interviewed here, he said that basically it boils down to the fact that the controls on the tablet devices often suck.
That sounds like a challenge.
You can't play a game in a way you can play with the Wii U. And that's actually officially on Nintendo's website.
You can check that out in that interview.
That's also officially full of shit.
Really?
Yes, I mean, because let's see here.
What they're describing is basically saying, oh, well, you know, because the Wii U tablet has, you know, the buttons and stuff like that, you can play games using that that you can't play regularly.
But
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura.com
Now, along similar lines here, since we are talking about smart glass, I think it's worth bringing up that the official Xbox Live app on iOS was updated.
And yes, there is a Microsoft Xbox app on iOS, officially by Microsoft.
My Xbox Live.
Yep.
It was updated this week, and it was a very big update.
And it's starting to show little hints of smart glass features in it.
Now, this feature only works on the phone for some reason and not on the iPad, which I found a little strange.
But what you can do with it...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's nothing really that great.
It's kind of a pain to set up because you have to do it each and every time, so it's not like a big time-saving thing.
But it's certainly showing hints of what's to come, what they're trying to do with this whole second screen technology.
It's a little weird that it's not on the iPad yet, but it is available definitely on the iPhone.
And that's up now.
You can download that now.
The other thing you could argue, though, with Nintendo is I don't have to buy another system to be able to have this technology or whatever.
I'm sure that there's going to be a lot of great uses for the tablet, but at the same time, like I said last week, I'm just worried we're going to get a whole bunch of DS stuff.
Not necessarily... First off, I literally think we're going to get DS stuff.
I think they're going to do Virtual Console with the DS.
Duh.
It's got the same setup.
So we're going to see that eventually.
Literally, it's just going to be using...
The second screen for just crap that you would have like in a start menu or something.
Because there was a lot of games on the DS that just necessarily didn't really need that second screen.
But it was there, so they used it for like, you know, here's a map or, you know...
DarkSakura
Let's switch on to the Xbox thing.
And not under the name of The Lube, unfortunately.
Because that would have been awesome.
There is a document leak about an...
We're done.
Well, at any rate, there was a 56-page document that was leaked for what was listed as the Xbox 720, which I'm pretty sure that's not going to be the final name.
The picture that looks kind of like a squishy Dreamcast, so I think that's funny.
But it was talking about having new things like a Metro dashboard, Xbox TV apps, smart glass, of course.
Um...
and then it was you know really do you remember Rob that E3 when they announced the 360 and all the stuff they wanted it to do and how they wanted it to be a big hub it looks like they're still trying to keep that hub thing going on with the new one
But it's also supposed to have Blu-ray support, native 3D output and glasses, concurrent apps, peripheral support sensors, additional sensors, sorry.
And this says something about a Kinect 2, and that they're debating whether or not to use 6 or 8 ARM or the...
They're really pretty much debating processors, debating memory, debating the cores.
But they're basically trying to make it be the be-all, end-all of anything that you should have in your living room.
They're putting a price point on it of $299 with a projected 10-year life cycle.
And they think that they'll sell more than 100 million units.
And it's supposed to be out in 2013.
The one thing on here that I think is kind of neat is what they're calling Project Fortaleza, I guess.
The Kinect glasses, where basically it's kind of like a VR thing.
You can actually see all those lasers that the Kinect is actually firing out.
If you saw some of those early videos, what was it, infrared?
If you actually look at the Kinect in infrared, it's like, oh my god, my room's full of lasers.
Well, the thing that I think is kind of cool about this is that it's supposed to be like an in-person interactivity kind of thing, which I don't know if you've got to have like a decent living room or if it's adjustable or whatever the crap.
But...
It makes me think of a kind of augmented reality kind of thing, which honestly I think is fully possible.
I don't know if you saw, for anyone who keeps up with my Tumblr, which is, I'll post it later, but on my Tumblr I posted a link about these new lenses that are full-on display that basically will project an image directly to the retina.
And, you know, they're using it as, oh, enhancing poor eyesight and portable television that you can watch, you know, with your eyes closed pretty much.
And I'm thinking that if they've gone that far, that this is simple.
This would be simple technology in comparison.
Also, the document that was leaked was removed.
um so even if they're saying oh no that's not true um it was removed at the request of Covington and Burlington LLP the international law firm that Microsoft has hired hmm the plot thickens oh and by the way those Kinect glasses are marked for 2014 Loki I know you've been following this news story as well what do you think do you think it's fanboy wank or do you think it's the real deal
Well, I thought it was fanboy wank until the lawyers took it down, so there's something in it.
Basically, it's two years old.
The document is not exactly brand new, but a lot of stuff, it's interesting.
I don't know how much, I mean, it's all speculation and all their stuff that they're just kind of talking about and thinking about.
It's not necessarily their step-by-step plan of how they're going to do everything.
I did think it's interesting though that how they're talking about acquiring like on live and that one of the things that they're gonna incorporate later on like in 2015 or something after the console would launch would be you know that you would never need another console again it would just any time that you would need to upgrade the games and it can't the platform can't handle it it's just streamed I don't know if that's necessarily gonna work but
But, you know, a better Kinect is something obviously that we would expect and, you know, more processing power.
The glass thing looks weird.
It's kind of like that project glass that Google did.
And it doesn't mean it's going to happen.
I think that's important to say too.
Just because they're talking about this two years ago doesn't mean it's actually going to happen.
I mean, look at something like the Wii Vitality Sensor.
I mean, that even came out on the E3 stage and suddenly disappeared.
You know, it doesn't mean the glasses thing will happen.
She was like, butta.
Well, no, it's because one time she tried to sue a company or her lawyers sued a company that published a picture of her house.
Well, nobody, like four people in the world saw the picture of that house, two of them being the lawyers, until she sued the company.
Then millions of people saw the picture of her house.
So I think there's a little bit of that going on here because the Microsoft lawyers, by taking down the document, have somewhat proven that there's legitimacy to it.
Because
Microsoft could have come out and said, oh, that thing is a bunch of crap.
And maybe it wasn't crap, but nobody would have been any wiser.
No, if they just said, oh, it's crap and then...
However, I don't think it's a deep within Microsoft document.
It didn't look professional enough to be something that was done deep within Microsoft.
I think this thing leaked out of some type of affiliate arrangement.
I think a third party company put this thing together.
I don't think it is like directly Microsoft necessarily.
But I think where there's smoke, there's fire.
And I think there's definitely some hot stuff in this document.
or perhaps it was a quote leak if you know what I mean.
Basically, get it out there long enough for the news centers to catch up on it, yank it, make it look official.
Hmm.
I also think that, I mean, if it was like a hype-generating stunt or something, I just don't really think it would generate... It's not really generating hype because it's just all very speculative stuff.
It's a badly timed one, too, especially if Microsoft's supposed to be announcing a new tablet on Monday, as all the rumors say.
You know, doing something like that between E3 and a new tablet is kind of dumb.
So I...
I don't know.
There's too much coincidence in here for this to not be real.
And I think a big part of it is the smart glass thing.
I think the depth of that document would have been a lot to whip up.
I mean, somebody was really dedicated to pulling a fast one on the internet if that's the case.
So again, I think there's some legitimacy to this, but I don't think everything in here should be accepted as fact because A, the age, B, ideas get thrown around all the time that never come to light.
That's basically what it boils down to.
That's what good brainstorming is regardless.
True.
You throw out the idea, you see if it's possible.
And if the whole thing is some dumb underground marketing ploy viral thing, then maybe Microsoft's trying to get feedback on the glasses thing, but I just think this is a dumb way to do it, if that's the case.
If you put out anything, the internet will respond to it.
It's a guarantee.
And if it's something big like Microsoft, anything attached to Microsoft, the internet is definitely going to give some feedback.
But let me just put it this way.
If they're going to come to the table with something like that in two years' time, that's not good for Nintendo.
Because Nintendo, they're not bringing a whole lot to the table right now.
They're bringing like, hey, look, we can use the tablet with our system.
And it's basically a Wii that does HD.
That's not...
this opens up a lot of possibilities of how you can make games and other applications and stuff but I don't know we'll see it's just especially since they're talking about these glasses or whatever not launching with the system I don't know probably need to see either way going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com not a whole lot of comments on this story a lot of people still commenting about DS and tech specifications and all this stuff but TigerClaw says smart glass how about dumb glass
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Very few people go that extra mile to use it.
Let's be real.
Some of you do, especially for movies that you love.
That's a given, but very few people do it.
And it's not necessarily that this is something that's not possible right now before this update because EA games have been doing this with Mass Effect and stuff.
They'll have stuff that ties in with that.
Hell, you can even do with Call of Duty Elite.
You can get the app for that on your Android or iOS devices and you can tweak shit on there before you play the game.
so they have this kind of stuff available already and it's not that like that doesn't sell a game tip for me I mean if you know oh hey you can make plays in Madden on your tablet I'm not gonna go oh I gotta get Madden now I mean it doesn't seem like it's something that's really gonna sell me on games I love this DC Nate in our chat room says an alternate screen for your console Dreamcast sheds another tear it was just it further proves that thing was just ahead of its time well and
Nintendo kind of already had that going on with that connection to the...
Crystal Chronicles.
We'll just call it the Crystal Chronicles because that and Four Swords were the only games that really used it.
Pac-Man.
And Animal Crossing if you want to get specific.
But like a lot of Nintendo peripherals, five games used it and then it disappeared.
Like their LAN adapter?
One game used it and then it disappeared.
And then a bunch of people hacked it so Mario Kart or the Warp Pipe or whatever it was.
Well, that was over the internet stuff.
I'm talking about using the actual LAN adapter.
I thought only Phantasy Star used that adapter.
Maybe online, but as far as LAN system is concerned.
You're right, you're right.
All right, let's move on so we can get to the classic game of the week and release dates and all that good stuff.
But first, some more news stories.
Loki.
Alright, so there's some hoo-ha, I guess, about UDRAW, and basically a Georgia law firm is investigating THQ to see if they misled their investors about the demand for the UDRAW tablet.
Honestly, I thought it was a really cool idea, so I could see where they could think that the demand would be really high, and then it wasn't.
um and also you know i wonder if that a lot of that kind of hinges on the fact that they were saying that i think at one time nintendo was going to make a few um games or whatever that would support it and hell let's just get on the topic of the wii u here why wasn't mario paint one of the launch titles for this system i mean that seems like a perfect title for the wii u just saying um
But yeah, they're still checking them out and making sure that there wasn't any false and misleading statements about its progress.
I want to say that this is not the first franchise that they were kind of supposedly misleading people on.
I want to say maybe UFC or something.
I don't know.
Interesting.
I know those Udraw tablets, they still have a ton of them sitting around and they're going for dirt cheap.
Hmm, THQ's been in a company that's had some rough times lately, too.
This is a fascinating story to me.
What is, like, I mean, could it be that they just said, okay, I understand that they're saying the demand's high, and so what if they believe the demand, they literally believe that the demand is going to be high for it, and it just flops?
I mean, is that misleading your investors?
I mean, I guess you're supposed to be pretty accurate with how much the demand is, but what if it's just like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, it was that MMO never coming out too that really didn't do well for them.
I mean, I always have a problem when you have a device that requires a special peripheral because now you're locked in the buying games that require that peripheral.
And if it's not something that's widely used by a bunch of different companies, because it was only THQ that was putting out stuff for it.
I mean, they had licenses for like SpongeBob and Disney Princess stuff and all that.
But...
Outro Music
DarkTetsuya in our chatroom theorizes perhaps Mario Paint's coming later.
It might just be one of their apps.
I don't know.
I kind of think Nintendo's over Mario Paint.
Part of me thinks it would have come out on the DS a long time ago.
It still should.
Oh my gosh, what if I don't want to post it publicly?
What if I just want to send her a private penis?
Oh, well...
Private P and I are the best I don't know how deep the moderation goes Are they that deep?
I'm assuming you can send pics with the camera too How long before penises are being sent all over the Wii U network?
Instantly There's no doubt about it The pictures may be sent but will they get to their destination?
Check out what I do with my Wii U You're listening to Orange Penis Radio Someone will see that penis and it will be the moderator
The moderator will come home after the first day like, I have seen so much penis today.
I feel like I'm working in the porn industry.
Oh, Lord, dry up this river of penis.
I knew you would get that one.
Well, you know what's funny is that, and I don't remember if we talked about this on the show or if it's a conversation I was having with somebody after the fact, so I apologize if I'm not crediting the right person with this, but somebody was theorizing.
I think maybe it was on Facebook.
that Nintendo's probably going to hire an outsource company to do all this moderation.
So you're going to have this huge call center-esque thing filled with people in either the Philippines or India, and these poor people are going to see penises all day long.
It won't be done in Redmond.
and, like, Rob keeps dying at this one spot and goes, oh, this is so hard, and I can tell him, quit whining, you fucking pansy, you know, and should be able to have that little thing pop up, you know, over World 3-1 or something like that.
Why should that all be censored?
You're censoring my fun.
No one wants to censor my fun.
I just can't wait for somebody to be playing Mario Brothers and all of a sudden, boop, you have a message.
Oh, open up the message.
Penis!
Oh my god!
or Tits.
They should totally have it in New Super Mario Bros.
U where you can draw on the background of the levels.
You should be able to just stop and sketch something on the levels.
Alpha Cananagram in chat says, Sky, Mario Paint on the DS was Wario Do It Yourself.
I forgot about that that was Nintendo we don't want to fucking make a game you make it yourself the game or WarioWare do it yourself excuse me let's see the chat room is wondering where Pen15 is tonight this would be a perfect conversation for him but sadly not here alright anyhow anything else you want to say about Penis or I'm sorry this news story that's it
Let's move on to some more stories about the Wii U. Apparently, some rumors going around that maybe Nintendo didn't show their big game at E3.
After all, Destiny wasn't shown on the Xbox, so maybe something was held back a little bit.
And this is because of a tweet that game trailers editor-in-chief Shane Satterfield said.
Apparently, he said before E3...
That the Wii U launch lineup was looking pretty damn good Well if that's the case, and he's probably the only one that was thinking that But it came out later, he went on Twitter and said, quote Just realized that a Wii U game I knew about well before E3 was never announced at the show I know of one I'm guessing there's others to come as well Oh really?
Yeah Care to share?
Well, sure.
Why not?
All right.
Because this got me into a topic on Twitter earlier this week that revealed to me what I believe is the actual launch date for the Wii U, which would be November 18th.
I have to check my date.
It's a Sunday.
Of course.
Of course.
That way you can camp out Saturday, right?
Because Nintendo does all their stuff on Sunday.
Because Nintendo likes fucking launching shit on Sundays.
And I don't know why.
They're just obsessed with fucking Sundays.
So, yes, November 18th.
Now, remember before I said, well, the 13th is going to be out.
The 13th or before because there was a game that was dated for the 13th.
Well, there's other games dated for the 20th.
It makes sense.
You know, just like the Vita launch, there was stuff that was out the week before.
Could it just be a really good guest placeholder?
Because honestly, if I were to make an educated guess, the weekend before Thanksgiving, yeah, it's kind of in line with the way they usually do it.
But this company doesn't launch games on Sundays.
Okay.
And the game in question would be from Disney, and it's their big game, which would be Epic Mickey 2, which has not been announced yet for the Wii U, and I don't know when it will be announced, but it's coming.
So that's a pretty big title for the launch lineup that they didn't talk about at all.
WhatupG in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Rumor has it Nintendo is going to show Retro's game, which of course still is nowhere to be seen.
Maybe it's the F-Zero game?
Dream, dream, dream, fanboy, wank, wank, wank?
It would be cool.
I mean... Alright.
I don't know.
But, yeah.
I mean, so... That's, you know, one.
And I know that there was one I saw for Transformers.
The new Transformers Prime.
People don't really care about that.
Whatever.
But, I mean, Epic Mickey, too.
That's a pretty big fucking title not to mention at all.
I mean, unless they're worried that it's not going to be out at launch.
But...
I have things that say otherwise.
All right.
Well, right alongside that, a story came out that Nintendo said a lot of the Wii U third-party games are yet to be announced.
And that's a quote from David Yarrington, who's the head of Nintendo's UK division.
Apparently, this was in Nintendo Gamer Magazine.
It said, quote, I think a lot of third-party companies are developing for Wii U, and a lot of it hasn't been announced, but we can't comment on speculation.
There has been.
There are lots of things everybody wishes for.
Call of Duty is another one that's confirmed.
But they haven't announced it yet.
And they also haven't announced it for the Wii yet either.
So that comes usually later.
What does this mean?
Nintendo's waiting for their Tokyo Game Show concurrent event?
Because they don't do Tokyo Game Show, but they usually do a big event.
they may be announcing more stuff there I think it's just the way that these companies are they don't announce that far out ahead sometimes like Call of Duty every year it seems to be it's always going to be Playstation 3, Xbox 360, PC announced and then later on like last year it was at their live Call of Duty event in LA that they announced the Wii version and then also DS and there was the you know the Elite stuff and the
Special Editions and stuff like that.
None of that stuff's been announced yet.
Reality check, the system's out in five months.
Assuming it's out in November, which is obviously a safe bet, that's five months from now.
It's not a whole lot of time to finish up the games if you don't already know you're doing it.
It's interesting.
I mean, maybe there'll be something closer to the end of summer.
When is Tokyo Game Show, though?
October?
September.
Oh, it's September?
Usually.
Maybe two months is enough lead time, but one month definitely isn't.
But a lot of these games, I mean, I don't see them talking about Epic Mickey like Tokyo Game Show because that's not really a title skewed towards the Japanese market.
WhatUpG in our chatroom says, EA says they will announce a couple of games at Gamescom for Wii U.
FIFA, probably.
I don't know about NBA Live, but FIFA, I think, is for sure on the Wii U. Which Gamescom would be the place to announce that, too.
Yeah, I think they've already said FIFA was going to be on the Wii U. Madden is on the Wii U, I believe.
I think that's already been announced.
AkumaJP is in our chat.
He lives in Japan and has gone to Tokyo Game Show and confirms it's September.
My bad.
I thought it was October for some reason.
Still.
I mean, I don't know.
Yeah, I definitely agree there's a lot of stuff that hasn't been announced yet.
I mean, for sure, there's a lot of stuff that hasn't been announced yet.
But I don't know everything that's not been announced.
I don't know.
I know that one, and I know that has a firm date on it because they're talking about marketing campaign and stuff, and there's a lot of stuff that's on the week before and the week after, so it seems to fit.
And like I said, they're delaying the game.
I don't know if that's even made it out yet.
The game is not coming out in September anymore, obviously, on all the other platforms.
It's been confirmed, I know, for Europe, but they have not announced North America yet, but that is also going to be delayed.
Europe, it's coming out on the 20th.
So if you think about it, the console is probably not going to launch.
I mean, it's going to launch at the same time roughly in all regions, but it's probably not going to launch on that Sunday like they did with the Wii.
Wii launched on a Sunday, I believe, if I remember correctly.
Yeah, it did.
I remember we went out really late at night and we were doing the whole, we gave orange soda and donuts and coffee or something.
Remember we were going out and Breslau was here and everything and the lesbians, we all went out.
Well, I think it was just me and Kristen.
We were at the... Yeah, Extifer was at Target with you guys, wasn't he?
Yeah, Extifer.
For a little bit.
No, Extifer camped out to get the Wii for me.
Not at that Target.
We were at the... Oh, you guys went somewhere else.
Citrus Heights Target.
Yeah, so was Extifer.
I don't remember him being there with us because we were just sitting there exchanging fanfiction and stuff.
Trust me, I had a Wii the day it came out because Xtifer camped out for it.
He was at that Target.
It was a long time ago.
I really don't remember seeing him then.
It was a long time ago.
Because we would have been hanging out with him.
Yeah, because remember we went to Winco, I believe, and something got orange soda.
No, all we did was go to Krispy Kreme and get donuts and coffee.
Yeah, I remember hearing about that.
I only stayed out until about 2 a.m.
and then I was like, fuck it, I'm going home.
I'm not staying out for that.
All right, one more story for you guys, then we're going to travel around the world and look at release dates.
But first, Dark Sakura has a story for us.
I do, don't I?
Well, how about a game that we've brought up on the show before, Draw Something.
Over it.
I like it.
At any rate, it's kind of funny that just as soon as Zynga purchased OMG Pop, people stopped playing it.
They dropped something like 10... Never mind.
They lost 10 million monthly active users in 30 days.
But anyway, they might be doing a TV show with CBS that's kind of along the lines of what Win, Lose, or Draw was.
Well, they have that host with the awesome hair.
What was his name?
Burt something?
Not Burt Reynolds, but Burt something else.
I don't remember.
Oh, man.
But...
But in the meantime, while that's still in the talks, they're thinking about bringing it out in more languages, including Chinese Well, I mean, if they have a successful TV show based off of it, it would certainly justify some of that extremely high price I have decided that Draw Something would be much easier if I had an iPad
Oh hey, this says a complete episode of Win, Lose, or Draw available here.
Complete with commercials!
I love stuff like this on YouTube.
That's amazing.
It's a Coke commercial.
Wait, let me... Let me fast forward here.
Here we go.
There's Win, Lose, or Draw.
Burt Condie!
Yeah, and they all sit on the floor and play.
This show is awesome.
Dude, that's Alan Thicke.
That hair.
What ever happened to Lonnie Anderson?
Let's find out.
Look, I could do this all night, but we better not.
Oh, it says right here in the description, Michelle Lee, Burt Reynolds, and Alan Thicke.
I hope they have awesome B-list celebrities on Draw Something TV.
That would be the only reason to watch.
Oh my God.
What?
She just is still kind of plasticky looking.
Well, Lonnie Anderson's got to be like 65 at least.
She was born in 45, so yeah.
I wonder if they'll have people drawing really elaborate pictures to something simple, like Darth Vader holding a cup and it's a cup.
She's on her fourth marriage.
A sitting vampire in our chatroom says, bring back old game shows.
Supermarket sweep, please.
Hell yes.
The last movie she was in was A Night at the Roxbury.
Well, you know what they need to do.
So here's the trick.
If you want to bring Supermarket Sweep back, you've got to write a new app for iOS that mimics the old game show and throwing hams into a cart and brewing the coffee for a bonus $200 and those huge inflatable bottles of ketchup that were the bonus prizes.
And then maybe somebody will want to make a game show out of your iOS game.
Here's the last two shows she was on.
All right.
Was one called The Mullets.
Wow.
And then So Notorious.
Oh god, that was the Tori Spelling Show.
Actually, that show was really good.
Don't judge me.
Do not judge me.
You're judging me.
I am judging you.
You just said, I of judgment, almost.
I said, I am judging you.
Release dates.
Let's travel around the world and check out what's coming out a lot sooner than the Wii U. That statement doesn't require extra garbage to play a card game.
So coming out actually tomorrow, Pokemon Conquest on the DS.
It crosses Nobunaga's Ambition and Pokemon.
Because that really needed to be crossed.
Some people are looking forward to it.
Disney Pixar's Brave the video game on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Wii and DS Lego Batman 2 DC Super Heroes on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Wii 3DS DS Vita and PC
and Steel Battalion Heavy Armor, a game that's going to really suck using the Kinect.
So that is also coming out.
Oh, and I re-released the Quake 4 because now Bethesda is releasing it.
of course of course I'm a little concerned because the lights are flickering we better not have another power outage before part A finishes here I watch way too much Supernatural I'd rather have the power outage today than next week okay yeah right don't jinx it I'm not jinxing it I don't know what we're next week we're gonna need to have like a moratorium on power in this place because I don't want to blow a fuse
Anyhow, going to Japan and looking at release dates over there, we have on the Nintendo 3DS, Hello Kitty!
From Compile, who I am pissed Compile is around, and instead of doing the Guardian Legend 2, they're making Hello Kitty games.
Yeah, get with it, Compile.
You know what your people want.
Wouldn't it be hilarious?
Rare announces, or was it not Rare?
Retro Studios announces Guardian Legend Cross F-Zero, the racing action shooter game.
I would jizz.
I'm not even going to hold back.
That's what would happen.
Let's see, nothing really on the Vita, although there's a Metal Gear Solid collection coming out next week in Japan.
That's not this week, sorry to say.
How about the PlayStation 3?
There's some stuff from Sega this week.
K-On!
Hokago Live HD version.
Mass Effect 2 gets a Best Hits version, and I think that's the version that comes with all the DLC.
I wonder if that's localized with voice acting for Japan.
That's pretty cool.
I'd like to play a copy of that just, you know, because it's fun and different.
Sniper Ghost Warrior comes out as well, and Shutsugeki Otometachi no Senju 2 comes out from System Soft, and I'm trying to think if that's a game we have over here.
I don't think it is.
That's not something I recognize.
Lol, no.
I was looking to see if, yeah, the Mass Effect, all the box arts, Japanese, I wonder if it's,
I want to see some dialogue.
Maybe not.
Hey, this is kind of cool, actually.
What?
Something SSJ100Matt said in chat.
What's that?
I did a quick Google search on why Nintendo does release days on Sundays.
Apparently, back in the Super NES days, they would release games during the week in Japan.
When games were released during the week, people would skip work and school to buy and play games.
Apparently, the Japanese government requested Nintendo change their release dates to the weekend so there's no lost productivity.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And knowing is half the battle
Well, for the UK, not a whole bunch.
It's a really short list.
On the 20th, Magic the Gathering, Duel of the Planewalkers 2013.
On the 21st, Mutant Muds on 3DS.
And let's see, on the 22nd, Civ V, Gods and Kings.
And Steel Battalion, Heavy Armor.
And that's it until the 25th.
So, nope.
Nope.
nothing well I mean nothing I guess really good unless you're a big Civ fan I guess that would apply to you Rob but you're not in the UK so how about well the good news is it's out here and it's out next week or I think it came out this week I need to check yeah I gotta plan an epic Civ 5 night with some friends but like literally that's an all day all night event so it'll be sometime in July yep well so how about moving on to another story
All right, we can do that.
Because I'm out of stuff for the UK.
That's really it.
Let's talk about Star Wars and how, you know, something that they announced during E3 that Star Wars, the older public, is going to be free to, well, not really free to play, but you can play for free up to level 15.
And, you know, people are wondering, are they actually just testing the market with this?
Yeah.
and apparently, I guess maybe that might be the case, they're saying that because before they lost 400,000 subscribers, and it's probably going to get worse once the new World of Warcraft expansion comes out, but they're saying if it was just free-to-play games and they weren't very good, it wouldn't even be a question, but
There are definitely good games out there and good games coming out.
So, of course, all of this competition impacts your plan and with what you want to do.
So, it's interesting.
Also, the other interesting thing is this article got pulled as well.
But maybe they are going to go all the way and make it free play, especially if it's just not panning out like they were hoping.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Star Wars wasn't didn't really feel like a Warcraft knockoff to me I mean certainly there were some things inspired by WoW but there was a lot that kind of tied into the other Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic games and so forth there was a lot it was a good single-player game that's for sure and I think that's what happened a lot of people played to 50 and then that was kind of it you know I think that ended up being part of the problem they invested so much in the single player with all the voice acting and everything but
I kind of think that might have been one of the big mistakes.
Maybe they shouldn't have invested so much of the voice acting.
I mean, yes, it really adds a great deep element and immersion into the game, but I think that was a resource that could have been better spent somewhere else.
Like more servers.
Well, not even that.
They didn't need more servers.
Star Trek Online
Zachary Quinto did some, right?
Yes, as the EMH, the emergency medical hologram for the first mission.
And after that, I mean, it wasn't anything.
You don't have people saying, hey, give me money or anything.
Yeah, and WOW has very limited voice acting.
Yeah.
But they've managed to get dedicated voice actors for their main people.
True.
I have to say, even What's-His-Face, Metzen, does half of everybody, including Thrall.
But I think their best voice actor, though, is the lady that does Sylvanas.
Because, oh my god, that just chills.
Anyway.
But anyway, so they put the money into making sure there's one dedicated server that can handle everybody that's on it.
You've got your beta test server.
And as far as the voices go, they didn't license any music.
It's really kind of limited.
But you don't care once you're playing it because the game itself is in-depth.
And I think that's where you're getting into the difference.
Well, let's move into one more story here before we get to the classic game of the week, and it has to do with Ubisoft, or as a lot of people have been calling them since last week, Boobisoft.
Boobisoft is apparently talking to Warner Bros.
and Paramount for a movie dealing with Splinter Cell.
This is according to a report from Deadline.
Ubisoft is in talks with Warner Bros.
and Paramount over a film tie-in.
It doesn't know which game that the movie would follow.
It could also follow a new kind of story set in the same universe.
However, it is worth pointing out there have also been in the past deals on Uncharted and Bioshock.
Nothing's happened yet.
So just because they're talking about it doesn't mean they'll do anything with it.
Although it is interesting to note that Ubisoft has also registered some domains in regards to their new IP Watch Dogs.
Remember, that was the big game they showed at the end of their press conference that made a lot of people pay attention, and some said kind of stole the show away from the big companies.
They've registered such domains as Watch Dogs Movie, Watch Dogs The Movie, Watch-Dogs The Movie, and so forth.
This could mean that there's plans or talks about a movie
I also kind of think this could just be protection of the intellectual property.
Just to make sure.
Yeah, just so that there's no fan movie or whatever or something.
And maybe because the game looks so good, it could be a movie.
Maybe they think some people are going to mistake it for one when they start seeing the commercials on TV.
I don't think you necessarily want to read into this that they're absolutely making a movie because of this.
This could just be trying to protect something.
It's the same reason why we registered thevognetwork.com Because so many hosts were calling it the VOG Network Kind of a similar thing Alright, let's go back to a time when games were simpler And they weren't making movies out of every single stinking game In fact, the only game that got a movie was Super Mario Bros.
And it sucked
It's the classic game of the week.
And since it's not the classic video game of the week, screw y'all, I'm doing a pinball game.
It doesn't say classic video game of the week.
She's got a point.
This is in my house, too.
It is Twilight Zone that was done by Bally Midway.
That's Mortal Kombat.
Anyway, it was designed by Pat Lawler, who is one of the all-time best pinball table designers.
Let me go over his list just real quick.
He did Earthshaker and Whirlwind.
He did Funhaus, where you got to hit that ugly guy in the head a bunch of times.
He did Addams Family.
He did Safecracker.
With Stern, he did Rollercoaster Tycoon, Ripley's Believe It or Not, NASCAR, Family Guy, CSI, and Shrek.
I mean, this guy is, he's done some of the best tables out there.
DarkSakura.com
Shut up.
Shut up.
I knew you were going to do that.
It has a working analog clock that has a timer for different modes, a power field, which is basically like right on top of the left hand side of the thing.
Basically, instead of using flippers, you're using magnets to play the ball through this little mini field.
And the Powerball, where you use a white ceramic ball that's lighter and it's given that it's not magnetic, it's not affected by the magnets in the table.
It also uses the original theme from the Twilight Zone.
And it also uses... I don't know who likes their early 80s rock, but it uses the song Twilight Zone by Golden Earring.
And it actually has a really good vocal likeness.
Tim Kittrow did the voice of Rod Serling.
So...
Um, it was supposed to be the first game to use the Williams Midway DCS sound system, but it was still being developed.
Um, so it used the Yamaha YM2151 Harris CVSD soundboard.
Um, and it is considered right now the top rated electronic pinball table of its time.
As far as little fun stuff that's in there, and I'm just going to read through the list on here.
It has the door from the opening credits right in the center of the playfield.
You have the mannequin, the zodiac clock from the very beginning.
It has an image of Henry Burness from the episode Time Enough At Last.
It's next to the slot machine, the hitchhiker, the slot machine and the peeper and the prime mover.
You have the most unusual camera, which is actually a pretty good episode.
The invader, static, the piano of the house has the player piano from that.
You have Talky Tina from The Living Doll.
Here's your extra ball!
I know, it's pretty cool.
They need the Tower of Terror, where your balls just drop.
Robbie the Robot is from Uncle Simon and the Brain Center at Whipple's, is on the playfield and in an animation, and different sound effects like the Serling voiceovers, and my favorite one, which we heard right at the beginning, you unlock this door with the key of imagination.
May I present a most unusual camera.
You know, that type of stuff.
But you have different door panel modes where one is like 10 million points, the light the gumball, the town square madness, fast lock, super skill shot, the super slot, the extra ball, the camera.
The camera is probably one of my favorite modes in that game.
There's also the spiral, clock millions, battle the power, greed, which actually is the same greed sound effect from Adam's Family.
Greed
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Where if you light all of the door panels, you get a doorknob with a question mark.
And it pops open and you have 45 seconds to make an unlimited number of shots to all the targets.
Basically every playable single ball mode is active during this time period.
So it's basically 45 seconds of three for all.
And then...
And most of the machines, though, you have your standard multiball with three being released.
There's all kinds of custom mods that people have done.
Like one person added in the Robbie the Robot toy into their machine.
There's other design mods like the third play field magnet, the gumball flashers, the gumballs.
We actually, I think, added an LED into ours, I want to say.
We have a Gumball Flasher that's an independent mod.
Different colors, different things you can add in.
People mod their stuff all the way.
Now here's the cool stuff.
You can play Twilight Zone anytime you want to.
It's a licensed table for the Pinball Arcade.
It's out on Xbox 360, iOS, Android, PS3, PS Vita, and it's supposed to be out for the 3DS, Windows, and Mac OS.
and so it kind of is a game like a like a console game well and for anyone who still uses VPN which is basically how we played it for the longest time in my house you can play it on Windows I think there's also a version of pin name and pin name for for Linux I want to say so there you go that's the game it's a Twilight Zone are you lost in the zone do you unlock this door with the key of imagination
There it is, Twilight Zone, the pinball game, but now accessible thanks to the wonders of emulation on the 360 and PlayStation Network and iPhone and all that good stuff.
There it is.
Neat choice.
Something a little bit outside the box.
I like it.
So, we are going to take a quick break, but there's plenty more OLR to come.
Don't miss it.
We have the Fugle Question of the Week, some rapid-fire news coming your way, and of course, the mailbag and your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
All when we come back after a quick break with more...
of Orange Lounge Radio.
has his kid, Josh.
I see a lot of pictures that the missus has been putting up on Facebook.
Very cute.
He was playing with another kid today, it looks like.
Or the other day.
I don't know.
I just saw the picture today or the video.
Yeah.
Still pretty cool.
He has the cutest hair.
And of course... He has haircut.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There you go.
Clover Nikon in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, I am a gamer uncle.
You know what?
Close enough.
I would still say that's a fatherly figure in somebody's life.
So there you go.
I have a picture of Maruko.
I'm going to post it.
Awesome.
Over to orangelaunchradio.com.
Yeah, it's kind of a squinty picture.
That's all right.
While you're checking out the pictures of the kitties at OrangeLaunchRadio.com, don't forget to swing by VOGNetwork.com because if you are participating live with the show, you can check in and get your points and maybe, just maybe, get some loot.
Again, that's VOGNetwork.com.
If you're a podcast listener, sorry, can't check into the show yet.
That's all I'll say about that.
Oh, by the way, I think I should post a picture of the kitty cats kissing outside of your... Oh, the strays out in the neighborhood?
The strays.
Yeah, that was cute.
So...
Alright, we are going to get back into some gaming news here with Rapid Fire News.
I do want to put out a last call for any tweets you guys want us to talk about tonight.
I'm going to get to the Fugle Question of the Week in a minute here too, and I think DarkSakura is on her way to opening up the mailbag, so we don't have a lot of time left there.
But let's do some Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
Sorry, I was looking up US Open results.
Since when were you a tennis fan?
It's not golf.
I'm stupid.
Well, no, fair enough.
The US Open is also tennis.
No, but my grandpa watches it a lot, and we went over to my mom's house yesterday for a barbecue and stuff, and he was watching it.
There's this amateur 17-year-old guy who was just out shooting Tiger Woods, which I thought was hilarious, and I wanted to see where he ended up versus Tiger Woods.
Tiger Woods ended up three over par for the three-day course, and I didn't see where he... I don't remember the guy's name, so... Anyways, sorry.
It's all right.
Totally derailing everything.
So let's talk Journey.
Journey...
Don't stop.
Not that journey.
Believe.
Damn it.
The journey was pretty awesome.
And of course, the developer, that game company, is now going to go and self-publish their next game.
And they've got $5.5 million of capital from Benchmark Capital's Mitch Lasky.
And they're going to try to publish their game on multiple platforms, possibly PC.
Yeah.
And I guess they haven't announced which platform the game is going to be on, but I'm sure it'll be awesome.
Also should note that one thing that hasn't been mentioned yet, but I kind of hinted at it on Twitter as well, that Sony will be releasing on PlayStation 3 a Journey compilation.
Now, there's only one Journey game, so it leads me to believe that it's Journey, Flower, and Flow on this.
Sadly, not the 80s game starring the Superband, although that would be awesome.
But hey, they can add a compilation of Journey on top of that.
You can throw in the music in there as well, because that's both... Well, it's funny to me, though, that Flower and all that is good, but the Journey... Okay, why would you release this disc?
Because people can't go online to download it, or they're not connected.
But if you play Journey without being connected, you're not really playing Journey.
That's the problem.
You're not taking the true Journey.
You're like backseat driver.
I don't know.
Yeah, I know.
It's a cash grab, which is fine.
I mean, Journey still is a fantastic game, but if you're playing it and not being online, then I think you kind of missed the point, and that's where the other games like Flower and stuff become a little better.
And that's where Journey really needs to be on the Vita because that would be amazing.
I'm telling you, Flower is one of the best racing games I've ever played.
Think about it.
PlayStation Home would be interesting on the Vita as well.
I don't know if I'd play it though, but I would probably play it more on the Vita than I would on the PS3.
So let's talk Minecraft, because we haven't talked enough about Minecraft yet.
And there was a patch that was released earlier, well, Friday, Secret Patch Friday.
It's actually a bug fix patch right now.
They didn't really do a whole lot as far as any updates to the game.
Like I said, it's mainly bug fixes.
They added an autosave feature so you can set it up to automatically save every 15 minutes or 2 hours.
Um...
or, I guess, up to two hours.
They've also added a coordinate system to the map, which is kind of good.
That's good.
You can write down coordinates of where the good stuff is.
Exactly.
Also, they took away the dupe glitch, so you can't dupe items anymore.
Some issues with clay not generating in your maps, which is a big no-no, so they finally fixed that, so you can actually craft stuff with clay.
Also some frame rate drops, stuff not spawning.
I actually found a glitch that they didn't fix, so I sent them a message.
Funny enough, if you set yourself on fire and switch to the third-person camera that faces the front of you, you don't see the fire, but you'll see it from the back if you do that.
It's one-way fire, I guess.
And then I guess...
See, here's the other thing I didn't realize too.
They said a fix for awaiting approval showing all the time on some signs.
I've seen that happen.
I didn't realize that the signs had to be approved.
They don't.
That's weird.
I want to point out some comments from chat.
Clover Nikon is in chat saying, all the children at the school I work at play the Minecraft demo.
And I'm like, well, what age?
Eight to ten.
Which seems kind of young, but it's cool.
I mean, it's a safe game for kids.
Yeah, it's a great game for kids.
It's pretty awesome.
I do like this.
The ability, they turn, or you can enable or disable the tooltips.
I can tell you, that stuff pops up for me all the time.
If my friend's playing, and he's seen all this stuff already, and it'll be just like, hey, did you know you can use Obsidian to do blah, blah, blah?
I'm like, yes, I know.
I built a giant volcano out of Obsidian.
I'm well aware of the features of Obsidian.
It's just...
I don't know, a little annoying sometimes I just want to point out, speaking of kids playing games When I was 12, or maybe 11 We used to go to the lab at the junior high No, it must have been 12 because it was junior high school We used to go to the science lab where they had the computers We would play Scorched Earth Oh, yes And it was epic Yes Scorched Earth is still epic
and what was it?
Tank 256.
There was another one just like a Tank 256 or something like that.
VGA Tank.
I don't know.
There was another one just like it.
That is a game right there that needs it.
That would be the perfect Facebook game if you think about it because it's not something that you take turns.
It's a game that you take turns in.
And so, why not have it where you would play Scorched Earth on Facebook?
And I am not talking about fucking worms, which clearly was inspired by Scorched Earth.
I am talking about Scorched motherfucking Earth, right?
Exactly.
so that'd be pretty awesome there will be an update though for Minecraft the next update that's supposed to add pistons and that fun stuff that's sometime in July I can't wait do you realize literally in one week we're getting that Skyrim expansion may not be in Minecraft for very long
Do you realize in one week it's the 10th anniversary of our show?
Yeah, but there's Skyrim.
That's Bethesda's present to us.
And actually, that expansion's coming out on my birthday.
So is Bethesda's present to me, the guy who really didn't play enough Skyrim?
Brain... You can never play enough Skyrim.
And then finally... Tank Wars.
Thank you, Jim Sally.
I think that was the one I was talking about.
Finally, Penny Arcade.
Their brand new game is going to be coming out.
Not on Xbox Live Arcade, but actually on PC, Mac, on Steam, and Xbox Live Indie Games.
It's coming out on June 25th.
It was originally supposed to be coming out on the 10th, but they said wait until July seems dumb.
which sounds great to me and the game itself looks awesome I wasn't a huge fan of the kind of adventure game style that the first one had but this one looks straight up like 2D Final Fantasy game so I may have to pick this up I just hope it doesn't require too much knowledge of the other games sorry I was queuing something up here
I don't know, I zoned out when you mentioned Minecraft
20th Anniversary is going to include... Now, this is the Wii game that's kind of like the Mario game, right?
It was announced back in April, but now we know what's actually going to be in it.
Kirby's Dream Land, Kirby's Dream Land 2, Kirby's Adventure, Kirby Super Star, Kirby's Dream Land 3, and Kirby 64 will make up the compilation.
There's also going to be a timeline, whatever that is.
I guess a poster or something.
and a soundtrack.
It launches in Japan on July 19th.
No North American information as of yet, but I'm sure it'll be just in time for the holidays.
Well, I think they've said September.
I didn't see anything about the Kirby's Golf game on SNES.
Which was the best one.
Already, I'm giving this props because it's not a port of a virtual console game.
Because that's all the 20th Anniversary Edition was, was just fucking Super Mario All-Stars ported onto the Wii.
Literally, game rips of it, the disc rips, were like 30 megs.
It was literally the ROM from Super Nintendo.
This is at least more than one ROM.
And they actually have to make something...
Well, Majesco, the makers of Zumba Fitness, which sells really well.
And NBA Baller Beats.
Oh, Snapples.
All right, NBA Baller Beats.
Well, they've got another baller franchise that they've just acquired.
American Idol is a license they just got.
I want to say, when American Idol first came out, Codemasters had it.
Then Konami had it.
I remember the American Idol Karaoke Revolution games.
Well now, I guess Konami lost it, or gave it up, because Majesco now has the license for American Idol.
No idea what they're going to do with that.
I imagine a type of karaoke game would make some sense.
Maybe something where J-Lo will just pay you a bunch of compliments.
I don't know.
You know what's kind of funny is Konami is actually getting out of the music game genre completely, aside from Joy Sound that they have coming out, which is a game that's pretty fucking old.
You know, I said for the 10th anniversary we should have a funeral for Bomani and never talk about it again, but I don't know.
That would be sad.
I don't want to do that.
But it's true.
If this was the first year, there was nothing on the floor at E3 about Bomani.
The very least they should have done was put one of those DDRX3 versus second mix machines in the Konami booth.
That would have been at least cool.
No, it's taken up space for the Castlevania DS game, which looks pretty awesome.
Anyhow, lastly here for me, Mistwalker wants to make RPGs for the Wii U, but nothing planned yet.
Mistwalker, of course, made The Last Story, which is finally coming out here in America.
Some of the games before that they did, Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey, a criminally underrated 360 game.
I need to play that game.
You know the biggest problem with Lost Odyssey is that the 360 flop seed in Japan.
I think if Lost Odyssey had been on the PlayStation 3,
We would have had a sequel.
I hate to say it, but it's so true.
It's just really unfortunate because Lost Odyssey is a gem of an RPG.
I love that game.
I need to go back and finish that game.
Yeah.
So anyhow, here's your quote from designer Takuya Matsumoto.
The development team and Sakaguchi-san are looking forward to making more, especially for the Wii U because it has another screen right in front of you that will add another level of strategic elements into the action RPG.
So we really are looking forward to it, but we really haven't planned anything.
It seems like it's something you could easily do.
Your little menus, you could even draw attack patterns.
I could see role-playing action games working very well with the Wii U as long as it's in capable hands.
I think Mistwalker's done a lot of underrated stuff.
Could be good if they decide to do it.
Since apparently they are kind of married to Nintendo now.
I didn't realize this, but...
They probably sold more of the last story than they did Lost Odyssey, sadly.
Alright, Jamie, what do you have for us?
Well, I have a few things.
We have, first of all, the amount of money the Humble Indie Bundle 5 closed at?
5.1 million.
So all of that is basically, the final amount is 5,105,196, $69.91 in two weeks.
They basically blew their previous records from 2 and 3 just out of the water.
Um...
So basically, we had 598,794 people make purchases, with the average price being $8.53.
And it said that Linux users paid more than anyone else at $12.51 per transaction, and Windows users were paying the least at $7.97.
They always pay the least.
Yeah, but basically most of the purchases were made on PC.
And then The Last of Us is going to not be out until 2013.
Well, of course, that's when all the games are coming out now.
Of course.
Well, technically it's late 2012, early 2013.
But that's what the Naughty Dog directors said on Jimmy Fallon.
and then Dance Central 2.
It has a June DLC.
It is... I don't know who this person is.
Iyaz?
Replay?
And Nelly's Hot In Here?
And Cat DeLuna's Wine Up?
Yeah, these are all songs... Well, I've heard the Hot In Here song, but I think it's awful.
The other two people, I have no idea who the fuck they are.
So, I don't care.
Yeah.
Alrighty then.
Let's go to the Fugle Question of the Week.
Every week we ask you guys a question on Facebook and Google+.
Put it together and you get Voogle.
This week's question has to do with the story we talked about earlier.
One of the stories we were talking about tonight was THQ being suspected of misleading investors on Udraw, which got us thinking.
Although all of us may not be financial investors per se, we sure do invest a lot of our money into our gaming habit.
When was a time that you felt misled by a gaming company?
We kept it a little bit vague on purpose.
We wanted to see the different ideas that people came up with.
There's a lot of interesting responses tonight.
Let's start with Facebook tonight.
I'm going to start with Rob D. It's hard not to feel constantly misled by Capcom.
Their works, and especially their long-running franchises, show that their developers care about their games and have passion.
However, we're promised so much, and all we ever get is nickels and dimes.
Zombie Princess says the ending of Mass Effect 3.
The whole series makes you think your choices will make a big difference.
In actuality, it doesn't matter at all.
Locopoco says by Capcom stating Marvel vs. Capcom 3, not Ultimate, was going to have a story mode at Comic-Con in E3.
Then when I bought it, all I got was a bare-bones fighter.
Sold it back to GameStop two hours later.
That's two strikes against Capcom.
Um, let's go to Kareem J, who says, have to agree with the above poster and Capcom.
They hype up their franchises, then release a boatload of DLC, which should have been on the disc.
Then to add a further kick in the balls, they release a game of the year edition.
I know gamers don't have to buy the game on day one, but if you're really into one of their franchises, you want the game on day one.
You can't help but feel like a sucker.
Ouch, that's three punches for Capcom.
Joe G says, GoldenEye reloaded.
Frankly, I thought Activision was going to make the original GoldenEye 64 pretty with some story, a few new missions, and James Blonde instead of Pierce Brosnan.
This isn't the case.
They gutted the game, changed around the story to make it more like a Craig movie with Call of Duty gameplay, and they fucking took out the jumping mechanics.
You can vault over objects, but it's clunky to say the least.
Tyler M says, there's been many times, but nothing will beat the letdown that was Spore.
I do remember being kind of let down by Spore.
Like, just, Spore wasn't, I think even Will Wright kind of said it best.
It just tried to accomplish too damn much.
I don't think he said it that way.
I'm paraphrasing a little bit there.
Let's see.
Let me try to wrap some of this up here.
Clover N says, Driver was just awfully misleading.
Thank heavens EB Games has a seven-day return policy.
No questions asked.
That's Driver 3.
Yeah.
Sorry, it's Driver with a 3 in it.
It is very entertaining, though, on its own merits.
It's lousy for about those first seven days, and then it's over.
I remember when you bought that.
It's so lousy way after that.
It's one of those that you have to keep going back to after a while.
I need to go back to that.
ShatteredHawk said, Mass Effect 3, all the hours being drawn in by the story and characters only to have all of the relationships and progress mean nothing in the end.
Fuck you, Bioware.
That's three punches in the stomach for Capcom and two for Mass Effect 3.
Let's go over to the Google+.
Uh-oh, only one response on Google+.
You know what that means about Google+.
No one's on it.
That's what it's starting to look like.
We have another little kick for Google+.
Are you saying that Google isn't the amazing thing that they had us believe that it was?
Actdeft.com
though I can imagine many Mass Effect fans believing that EA and Bioware have totally scammed them even if they didn't in parentheses.
So there you have it.
That's not really a third strike against Bioware.
That's just kind of a, you know, pointing and laughing at the other people maybe.
So it looks like Capcom took the cake on that one.
I can't say I blame the listeners there.
There is a lot to be really unhappy about with Capcom over the past couple of years.
Maybe they'll redeem themselves if Lost Planet 3 and Dead Rising 3 end up being really, really good.
Yeah, I would still like to have that Mega Man universe someday, or the Mega Man Legends.
Well, they're just trolling us with the Mega Man thing anyways.
And on top of that, I don't... I mean, yes, that was terrible.
However, I didn't buy the game, so that wouldn't have been my choice.
My choice...
S, Actdeft, Drew,
The DLC, though, on the other hand, is fucking terrible.
It's just the expansion packs that they had.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I understand the costumes, that's a waste of money.
But the expansion packs.
I was smart enough not to buy the season pass.
Because I know well enough that, you know what, I'd rather pay extra money...
And have each one of those expansion packs be definitely good than to just pay $20 and have them all be terrible.
And thankfully, I paid $7, bought the first expansion, and it was fucking terrible.
Read the reviews on the second expansion.
Even more terrible than the first expansion.
Third one, hey, we get Johnny Gatbat, except he's a giant mutant.
And it's fucking terrible.
So...
Yeah, I'm not... I feel a little ripped off by them.
And also, all the OnDisc DLC... They have more OnDisc DLC than fucking Capcom does.
It's ridiculous.
They're still releasing stuff today that's OnDisc DLC.
And then they have a whole expansion that really could have been an expansion to the game, but now they're going to make its own retail release that's $30.
I'm waiting on that one.
I do want to play it because I like The Matrix and I like Saints Row III, but...
I'm very cautious going into it a lot of chatters chiming in on this tonight Blender agrees with Loki yes Loki Saints Row the third DLC pissed me off Degenerate Johnny in our chatroom says Bethesda got away with making the true ending a DLC with Fallout 3 I don't see a problem with Bioware doing it as well
he makes a good point there about sometimes our attention spans we let one company get away with something but then don't let the other so lots of good comments there at live.vognetwork.com let's go back to some news I'm sure we'll get some calls on this topic a little later maybe some emails so let's go to Loki with news
Alright, let's talk a little bit about Retro and what their plans are.
Apparently, Retro Games, it's been rumored for a while, well, they've come out and said, hey, we'd love to do a Zelda game.
And, you know, people started asking them, hey, what's Retro working on?
Because, you know, you're not really saying anything about them.
and, you know, of course, Miyamoto basically saying, you know, in terms of them working on a Zelda game, it's not out of the question, but, you know, right now they're incredibly busy with other things.
And then of course they said, traditionally I think the Zelda team has always had close contact with anyone who's working on a Zelda game.
Traditionally, except for maybe in the CDI days where they did not have close contact with people that were working on that game.
At least they probably distanced themselves.
Yeah, but ever since then, that's why Nintendo has had a close relationship with
Yeah, of course they're saying, you know, Retro is too busy for that sort of thing right now.
You know, saying that they're working on something else.
And, you know, very busy right now, but I'm afraid I can't say exactly what that is that they're working on.
Hope it's not another Donkey Kong game.
Although Donkey Kong Country Returns is alright, but...
I'm kind of curious to see if they are making a Zelda game.
Could they be doing the next-gen Zelda game?
Because if you think about the next-gen type Zelda game for the Wii U, because Nintendo hasn't really worked in next-gen stuff.
I don't know if Retro's really gotten their feet wet with that.
I don't know.
We'll see.
All right, well, I mentioned a minute ago we could come back and talk about Google+.
This is not a good thing for the service.
PopCap and Wooga Games, they're going to be disappearing from Google's social media platform.
Wooga already shut down Monster World around May 1st.
EA is going to be removing Bejeweled Blitz from the service this week.
I think it's already happened.
They're going to, quote, redeploy our resources to other adaptations of Bejeweled.
I think that's their nice way of saying, fucking no one's playing it on Google+, so we'd rather do the phones and the places that people are actually playing Bejeweled at.
Wooga said, quote, they decided to, quote, decided to remove certain games from Google+, because we have had a much larger following on Facebook, and they are active users.
So goodbye, Bubble Island and Diamond Dash.
Those are leaving on July 1st.
PopCap does say Google is a valuable gaming partner for PopCap and EA and will continue to develop for Google platforms that probably means Android I would think also maybe Chrome because Chrome has a lot of that really easy integration with games and stuff like that Chrome has a bunch of the sort of add-ons with it too with games which is strange that you know it doesn't that that won't therefore integrate into Google Plus automatically but maybe it does I don't know
I remember seeing ads for Google+, like at the movies and stuff.
They really tried to push this, and people just aren't taking the bait.
And I'm not sure I totally understand why.
I mean, is it the interface?
Is it because maybe it's...
Maybe people don't like the oversimplification next to Facebook.
I do see some dedicated Google Plus people.
There are definitely some people I see that use Google Plus more than they use Facebook.
And I have to admit, I get so sick of Facebook shit.
There is so much shit on Facebook I don't need in my life.
I really don't.
You know, there's a lot of toxicness there.
There's a lot of just...
There's a lot of stuff on there.
And I'm not saying Google Plus is any better in that regard because I think if everybody was on Google Plus instead of Facebook, it would just be the same thing in reverse.
But I don't know.
I'm just surprised more people didn't run away to Google Plus in a way.
Well, for a while people did.
And then it's like, oh, everyone else is still on Facebook.
Because people needed attention.
It's true.
It is absolutely true.
People needed attention so they went back to Facebook.
I will totally admit, in some ways, that's why I'm still posting on Facebook.
It's been a great promotional tool for the show.
Now, I will say this.
I think there's a huge...
and I hope to hell this doesn't go away because I think there's a huge potential to do something great with Google Hangout and some of the interviews and some of that and I think there's some cool untapped stuff there so I hope they don't just close Google Plus altogether and you know what I don't care if we only have like five fans on Google Plus that's five fans that we have so you know I don't want to like stop supporting Google Plus or whatever but you know it is the fact is it's a smaller group than Facebook
But Myspace, fuck them.
Fuck Myspace.
We don't care about that.
Yes, fuck Myspace.
I still get messages on Myspace.
I'm like, I don't even know where my page is anymore, let alone all these artists.
Hey, listen to my shit.
I'm like, no.
Zether in our chatroom says, RIP Google+.
Well, yeah, I mean, the game's leaving.
Bejeweled leaving.
When your PopCap games are leaving, it's really not a good sign.
Yikes.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
DarkSakura.
News?
Who pays attention to news?
How about some stuff about StarCraft?
Because that would make people perk up.
StarCraft 2 Heart of the Swarm is 99% done.
The lead designer, Dustin Browder, basically said, and this is a quote, 99% done, but that last 1% is a bitch.
So, they're saying, basically he says he could do a playthrough of
I'm sorry.
Then it's not really 99% done.
That was something he said to get quoted.
May I finish?
So they can do a playthrough and are like, wow, this is great.
Or you can do a playthrough and then find more items to fix.
So basically it's like they're in that last beta stage.
Or I should say alpha stage.
Where they're finding those little last minute things.
It sounds like it's all a bunch of tweaking.
Which really is like the last little bit.
So you're like 90% done.
Yeah.
So that's the only thing holding it back At least they're waiting until it's done I'll give you that What exactly do they have to do?
They have the game done They're adding an expansion pack
StarCraft 2... I don't know if I want my unit right here or over here.
Do you play StarCraft 2?
They are doing some more units and campaigns.
Here's the thing.
StarCraft 2 has to be balanced right.
There is so much esports and competitive gaming and things that go into something like StarCraft 2.
It has to be right.
So I understand there's going to be some extensive testing that goes on with this because they cannot afford to have a fucked up balance in StarCraft 2.
Literally.
Literally.
StarCraft 2 League of Legends
StarCraft, Warcraft Arena League of Legends
Anyhow, a few more stories for you guys in the mailbag.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com and Skype line in a little bit.
But for first, Loki.
Well, something I was talking a little bit about earlier is things that Nintendo says that they're doing and then doesn't.
We just talked about StarCraft 2 and similar type of gameplay style on RTS, Pikmin 3.
They're not doing online multiplayer.
A brand new system that's coming out, HD, and they're not fucking doing online multiplayer because they said, well, we can't because there's a ton of Pikmin running around, so it would be hard for us to track all those accurately on other systems.
Uh...
No, that doesn't make any sense to me.
I'm sorry.
Because if you think about it, there are multiplayer RTS games out there.
There are multiplayer console RTS games out there.
I just fucking named some in the competitive space.
Hello, StarCraft, League of Legends.
And you can't fucking, I mean, don't get me wrong, there's a lot of Pikmin running around at one time, but dude, it's not like billions of Pikmin running around at the same time.
Ever heard of the Zerg?
Yeah, so it just seems like a piss poor excuse for that.
I mean, you have a launch title.
You're supposed to be showing off the features of your system.
Your system finally gets online.
It's supposed to be, hey, Wii U, Nintendo fucking gets online.
But no, they don't fucking get online.
They don't at all.
It's no online multiplayer.
Now you can share your me online and send pictures of your penis to your friends.
Yay!
But there's co-op local multiplayer.
Okay, here's what gets me scared about the Wii U again.
It's just all the online functionality that they've shown right now, it's the same functionality we have with the 3DS and the Wii.
Send messages back and forth and see what your friends are playing.
That's not very functional.
Which you can fucking do on the 3DS with Swapnote.
Or on the Wii.
Wii has online gameplay.
Okay.
We had online gameplay with Mario Kart.
You fucking had online gameplay with the 3DS Mario Kart.
Why can't you do online gameplay for Pikmin?
Oh, I don't know.
We've never coded online games before.
What's the deal?
Oh, but we have local multiplayer.
Thanks for watching!
Just saying.
And they even said, you know, one of the other things was that the Wii U, the whole idea was almost scrapped because of the price concerns.
They were saying, you know, sometimes during a final discussion we almost gave up on the idea of additional screen.
This was due over the concern of expected high cost.
It may not have been feasible to create this and sell it at a reasonable price point for the consumers.
Um...
and of course they haven't said what the reasonable price point is yet maybe now it's more reasonable to pay $400 for a system because there's tablets out there that cost that much but I guess it's just gonna we're gonna have to wait and see you know how much the system's gonna cost and if it's too much it's gonna flop if it's the right price point it'll do okay but I don't know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you're not sure what this game is, it's the whole Level 5 and Studio Ghibli collaboration, which has been out in Japan already for a little bit.
I don't remember when it's finally coming out here.
I think it's towards the end of the year.
January.
2013, yet again.
The reasons why they kept the name the same.
I love this.
This is Namco Bandai's senior brand manager, Dennis Lee.
White Witch versus the original Japanese title.
You know what?
You know what that means though, right?
Huh?
Second Country.
Interesting.
Ni no Kuni, Second Country.
But I'm glad they didn't just call it Second Country, you know?
Yeah.
I'm glad they did keep that name.
You know, if a game like Katamari Damacy can sell with a title that, you know, isn't English, then why not?
Yeah.
That's why I was pissed that Dew Prism had a different name because I had been freaking looking forward to hoping that Dew Prism would be out and then I hear about Threads of Fate and I'm like, why didn't you just keep it Dew Prism?
Stupid.
Speaking of Fight Quest 6, I really do think that they should bring over Fight Quest 3 or make a Fight Quest 3 which is what I would call Toe Ball 3 because they really need a Toe Ball 3 because Toe Ball 2 is awesome.
Just saying.
Alright, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura dives into the mailbag headfirst, surrounds herself in the hundreds of thousands of emails we get every week and pulls out a lucky few to read here on air.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
That's exactly what happens.
Well, we've got a few.
And there's one actually that we got from Redertainment.
And just to say right now, I've read it and I'm reading your thing and I'll give you feedback.
Rob, you should also read it and give your feedback.
Oh, it was an off-air question.
Okay, sure.
I'll peek later.
So, anyway, this one, Dear OLR, I first have to say that I love the show even if life prevents me from joining in like I used to.
Anyway- Cancel your plans.
Anyway, I just wanted to tell you about an OR memory I have.
The greatest memory I have, aside from getting pretty close to Dark Tetsuya, is that the day my father passed away, June 25, 2003, from cancer, you guys were there for me.
I remember we were holding a show that day, and I had delivered the news that he passed on.
And to help me get through it, you guys made me laugh and played songs to help lift my spirits.
Ever since then you guys have been a huge part of my life.
Thanks OLR for the memories and keep up the good work.
Sincerely, Michelle aka GamerGirl
Wow, that's heavy.
Like, you know, I think we sometimes forget that, like, people have their lives and their drama and the things that they're going through, and yet OLR is kind of something that stayed constant through 10 years, and I think some people have kind of, you know... It's really weird to say.
I mean, not in a bad way, but to hear something like that is very powerful.
I mean, when somebody's looking for normalcy, so they come to the place that they come to Sunday nights to help them get through it, like, that...
Like I said, we don't need hundreds of thousands of listeners to feel that kind of power.
That took one person in this case.
I'm glad we could help.
That's all I can really say.
Greetings, OmniBeings.
Attached to this email is a picture I took at a Best Buy on Saturday.
It's of the PC version of Final Fantasy XIV.
The game is drastically reduced.
Not only does the price sticker read $20, the red sticker on the game means the game is reduced to $10.
Still, even at $10, I questioned whether this game was worth my money.
I posted this picture on Twitter asking if the game was worth my money.
The only reply I received told me that the Wolverine movie game next to Final Fantasy XIV was worth purchasing.
What does it say about Final Fantasy XIV that I, a gamer who cut his teeth on Final Fantasy VIII, would question buying this game and when asked, people replied that I should buy a movie tie-in instead.
Stay Black Entertainment.
This message has been brought to you by a locally produced microbrew beer, which is what I bought instead of a game.
You could take a risk that the 2.0 version is going to kick a lot of ass.
You know, one thing we didn't talk about this week, there was a blog post on Sony's blog.
Apparently it's still happening on the PlayStation 3 whenever the 2.0 version happens.
There's going to be a beta test later in the year.
I gotta say, it does look pretty sweet.
I just... I mean, rebooting an MMO and expecting people to care?
I mean...
It's a big risk.
But if you think about it, if you buy the game now for $10, you're not going to have to buy it again when the 2.0 upgrade comes out.
At least on PC.
I just hope that means free to play Final Fantasy XI.
Free to play Final Fantasy XI.
I wish those rumors about the Vita Final Fantasy XI were true.
Oh, God.
Dream on, Internet.
We have two more actually.
But I never remember saying this, so okay.
I agree with DarkSakura 100% when she implied that Nintendo redeveloped Super Mario Bros.
U with a Crysis or Unreal-type graphics engine and put Mario in real-world 2D side-scrolling environment.
Oh, with real skies, trees, and weather effects.
Real gold coins abuse the power of the Wii U.
I think I had said that it should be like, remember how Fantasy Zone, the Sega Ages 2500 is?
Where it's all 3D, but it's side-scrolling?
Oh yeah, sorta, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think that's what I had said.
But I don't know that I would want it to be like Crysis or Unreal.
I just want it to be 2D side-scrolling.
But I mean, they could totally do the effects in 3D.
I think more like a game like Castlevania Symphony of the Night kind of had 2D but a little bit of 3D thrown in.
I don't know.
Yeah.
And we had one last mail that came in.
How about Paper Mario?
That's a good example too.
Sorry.
It came in last minute.
Last minute?
And dear lord sir, please spell out your words.
Well, sent from my iPod.
That's what's happening.
That's no excuse.
I type out all of my words fully on my iPhone so if I can do it, you can do it.
And I'm lazier.
Hey Lord of the Orange Lounge, what's your most shameful moment in video games?
Something you wouldn't want people at work to know about.
Mine is Star Wars Galaxy since the hundred bucks I spent on a programmable keyboard just so I could make hundreds of stem packs because I want to be a medic just that bad.
That stupid game was such a letdown.
I spent tons of money and time never swinging a fucking lightsaber once.
Kisses, Jim Sally.
I may not want my coworkers to know about my World of Warcraft podcast.
Actually, a lot of them already do know about that and they don't get it, but they think it's interesting.
I have crappy games that I like and you should see my cubicle at work.
I mean... You have to remember, I work primarily, not exclusively, but primarily with middle-aged women.
So when I say...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I will say this.
The person I work closest with at my work, who's another trainer, and her and I are the same subject matter experts, I will say this.
I adore her very much.
We work great together.
We're a great team.
But I do love the fact that even though she may not totally get all my game talk, she kind of is a closet nerd.
And maybe I shouldn't say this on my radio show, but it's not like you guys know her anyway.
She's totally into comic books.
Oh, I totally know who that is now.
But no, she was telling me about like, oh no, before you go see the Avengers, you need to go see Captain America because there's parts of the story that are in there that you're not going to see in the Avengers.
She likes to tell me about how her and her son read comic books together.
That used to be a bonding thing for them.
She was talking about watching Saturday morning cartoons together with them.
And I thought that was just neat.
It was neat.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
Unless you're a DC fan.
That's why, just to bring this back to an empowering moment, that's why I love VOG, the voice of Geeks Network.
There's nothing to be ashamed of about being a geek.
Let your voice be heard.
Nope.
Of course, I kind of don't care for the most part anyway.
About what, VOG?
No, about people knowing what my fandoms are.
You've made a career out of it, woman.
At least a nighttime career.
Well, I mean, but I really am completely happy.
My nerdy stuff makes me happy.
If it comes up in conversation, then I'll be like, yeah, I play games.
Play Mass Effect right now, yo.
You know?
I took one of my co-workers to the Rocky Horror Picture Show in San Francisco.
We drove over there.
It was awesome.
She had a blast.
Anyway.
She's also a fan of this page on Facebook.
One of my coworkers, yeah.
Hey, be a fan of my page.
Well, you can go like Jamie too, but I do want to say this.
The Orange Lounge Radio page is two people short of 500.
Like it.
Do you think for our 10th anniversary you could get us 500 likes on Facebook?
Like I could go, oh, we want 1,000 likes on Facebook and 5,000.
Of course we fucking want 5,000 likes on Facebook, but I'm going to keep the goal reasonable.
DarkSakura will consider it for broadcast next week Meanwhile, let's get angsty
My FU, I have a few FUs, but I also have a thank you.
My first FU goes towards this trend lately of people having like, you know, a Camry or some shit up on these huge ass wheels with like bicycle spokes in them.
You know what I'm talking about, Rob?
DarkSakura.com
and it's like, it doesn't add any, first of all, it reduces, it decreases their gas mileage because they have higher wind resistance.
It adds no grip to the ground and it's just not at all good for their suspension.
It's stupid.
I mean, and you know what we want to know what broke my heart, Robb?
You know, oh no, it really broke my heart.
What?
1970 Dodge Challenger, which is one of my favorite muscle cars, with the fucking wheels like that.
I wanted to kill a bitch.
I would have cut them so hard.
Now, I think that I would just fall over dead if I happened to see one of the 72 Chevelle SS.
I mean, that would murder me.
and then there were there was just the the people this is the other thing and people try to sneak around you without saying excuse me when you don't see them all you have to do is go oh excuse me may I get by please and I'm like I'll step aside and be like okay what it's California in particular where people don't do that
and like anywhere else that I've been, people will tap me on the shoulder and say, excuse me, may I move around?
But they don't do it here.
I don't get why.
All you have to do is just speak to somebody and not treat them like they're an inconvenience.
I love my mom, but I have to direct an FU in her direction.
You know, actually, I've got it in front of me on Facebook.
I am going, making adjustments in my diet because I found out there's quite a few foods that make me sick.
And my mom says, I've lost eight pounds in two weeks and I ain't no vegan, I eat meat.
Waterweight.
So my reply to her was, good for you, how's your cholesterol?
You're a bitch, but that's why we love you.
And then I said, I also greatly appreciate your support of my attempts to be healthy and eat food that's good for me and lose a little bit of my extra bulk.
Thanks mom, slash sarcasm.
and uh so uh it's just this thing with my mom basically anything that is not in her scope of reality she sort of just rejects it and substitutes it with her own version of reality and in some uh places they call that insanity so I don't know if it's just a mom thing she just rejects anything that doesn't fall into her view so I guess this isn't oh I just noticed
I know, look at that, look at that.
500, 500 likes.
Thank you, whoever just liked us.
I can't see who it is, but... 50 for every year of the podcast.
All right, now let's do 600.
Well... Or no, I want 666 now.
Well, to continue.
Yes.
It's just that...
Again, I love my mom.
It's not exactly an FU.
It's just a, really?
You know what I mean?
Where you just go, really?
Really?
It's like that meme where the girl is looking sideways and making the face, which you can't see, so this is really good radio.
You have a lot of FUs to give tonight.
Oh, my thank you.
My thank you.
Goes towards the nice lady at Whole Foods.
Who let me and my small little purchase go through And said, oh no, you've only got a couple You go ahead of me, I have a bunch more than you And I was like, well thank you You have a nice day And she's like, well you too, I hope you have a great evening Bless her heart, I hope she gets some tonight Yeah But it just I'm glad that there's nice, considerate people in the world And there need to be It just takes one act of kindness To make sort of a ripple effect Because you know
If you take that moment and make a difference in somebody else's day, then maybe they'll turn around and make a difference in somebody else's day.
That's all I'm saying.
I'm done.
Spent.
Loki!
Uh... I don't know.
I don't have anything.
F you to my throat being sore for a third week in a row.
It's not going away, so I guess I gotta go see the doctor now.
I have to make mine intentionally extremely vague tonight, but F you to my fear of the uncertain and the uncomfortable, probably causing me to chicken out on yet another great opportunity.
That's all I'm going to say.
Rob, really, there's nothing wrong with buying new underwear.
Nothing wrong with changing brands.
No, that part's fine.
Are you kidding?
I know they might fit a little differently than your current brand.
No, no, that's the incentive to lose weight.
It's like, Rob, if you lose weight, you can go buy new underwear.
Yes!
I meant, like, changing your brand.
Oh.
They may fit a little weird in some places.
Maybe a little too snug.
But it's a new opportunity.
I don't know how comfortable... They might be cheaper and better made.
I don't know how comfortable I am talking about my underwear on Orange Lounge Radio, so I think we need to move on.
It would be a good idea.
Loki, please, let's move on with something else.
Let's talk about Harmonix and what they're planning on working on.
They actually have three more projects, or three or more projects, that are in the work right now.
And none of them are Rock Band or Dance Central.
So that's pretty awesome.
Of course, they can't talk about it, but at least they're coming out with something new.
eventually but they said yeah they'll have some crazy stuff to talk about hopefully next year hopefully soon coming soon or not someday eventually alright let's move on
Street Fighter IV Street Fighter IV
and DarkSakura.com
But apparently enough fans pestered Capcom, they kind of let him do it, and there we go.
Now, I don't know if you forgot, but he had this whole thing where he suffered from exhaustion, like legit.
I'm not talking about Lindsay Lohan exhaustion, I'm talking about he was just exhausted, and he had to...
Capcom didn't even acknowledge that I'd been in the hospital.
There was no change in my schedule.
I was at home for an entire week before the doctors allowed me to return to work.
When I returned to my desk, there was a ticket to Rome waiting for me.
There's no mercy.
Everyone in the company says, Ono-san, we've been so worried about you.
Then they hand me a timetable and it's completely filled with things to do.
That's a pretty bold thing to say about your employer.
But then again, when you made Street Fighter 4, which is kind of, you know, making Capcom a lot of money right now, I guess you can do that.
And that is kind of messed up.
I mean...
I don't know is it just here in America that you can kind of get that like if you have an incident like that I know if somebody at my work had a bad incident like that you would get what's called the work accommodation where you work a limited schedule or whatever your doctor that's what happened when I had chronic fatigue yeah whatever your doctor orders which I still have for several months right well and you didn't you went back to work I took two weeks off two weeks off and basically I could take a nap at work if I needed to
which I mean which might to some people might sound like oh what a lazy but no this is like a legit diagnosed thing your doctor said she's got to do it.
It's related to an immunodeficiency issue and I was also lacking in B12 and vitamin D and it's almost in some cases I've seen people compare it to narcolepsy where you start finding you'll be aware though of yourself nodding off you know it's just overwhelming exhaustion where you hurt all the time
it's it's horrible and anyone who says that it's fake can bite my ass I'll wake up enough to kick you in the balls all right anyhow um what is this uh I guess Ono was continuing to talk I thought this was crazy quote was this a quote from Ono I guess it was uh Capcom was very good at squeezing people to the last drop of their blood to get work done
Ouch.
Ouch.
Finland too.
Because they're a socialist democracy and they have the highest level of reported public happiness in the world.
Just saying.
Learn from this America.
Alrighty.
Uh, that's it for my story there.
I guess we're about ready to open up the Skype line.
How's it sound when we open up the Skype line?
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
And we'll get to the Twitter topics in just a minute as well, but I want to ask Loki, surprise him here with any last minute stories he might possibly have for us.
Just real quick, there's going to be a different circle pad attachment that's being offered by Nyko that looks pretty sweet.
It actually kind of conforms to the 3DS shell, so it looks like it's actually part of the 3DS.
PC, JoyMashers, Oniken
Looks pretty awesome.
Supposed to be coming out on, I guess, Dessura for $4.99.
And that's out.
It was actually out this coming Friday on the 22nd.
And I guess Mac and Linux versions are coming out later on.
But the game looks a lot like Strider, so it could be cool.
Which Strider?
NES Strider?
Well, I mean, it's an NES-styled game, so yes, I like NES Strider, but I mean, it sort of resembles Strider, but not Commando, you know, generic futuristic action game.
All right, the calls are coming in, so let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Shane.
Hi, Shane.
How are you?
How are you?
I'm burning up and achy and tired.
For those that listen to Horde House, how are you doing after the surgery?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You even have comments in the chatroom.
Blackwolf says, is Shane awake?
I am.
Hooray.
Crap.
I totally had what I was going to say and now I forgot because you interrupted me.
I'm sorry.
Well, surely it was about Mass Effect.
Percocet.
Surely it was about Mass Effect.
I honestly don't think it was, which might shock everybody.
They replaced him after the surgery.
What?
Nothing.
Nothing?
You're not a pod person.
Was it E3?
Was it something we talked about?
No, I remember what it is now because I'm looking at my desktop.
Okay.
So I got that indie bundle that had all those really good games for super cheap.
The most recent one.
Sorry, BlackWolf in chat says Shane's thought fell asleep.
That was good.
That was good.
All right.
Sorry.
Yes, the humble bundle.
and I started playing Bastion which you know I heard so much about I saw all the banners at E3 last year I was like oh that looks stupid and now I'm playing it and the game it's okay but I want every game to be narrated now because that is the best part of the game it's the big shtick it's the part that everybody remembers it's the part of the game that makes people feel so like hipster and that they're playing something artistic is like my game has a deep voiced bassy narrator
I don't feel hipster, but I like to jump off, you know, well, I fell off the world once and he narrated that and that's where I was sold.
I thought it was so awesome.
I want a game that's narrated by the guy from the Old Spice commercial in the style of the Old Spice commercial.
That Mustafa guy?
That would be awesome.
I want a game narrated by Gilbert Gottfried.
I think you're about to get stung by a bunch of bees.
What is up with that?
That would be terrible.
Nobody wants that.
I would play that.
I would buy that day one.
Oh my god, I think you just died.
You're the worst video game player ever.
Have you seen the funny video of Gilbert Godfrey doing the audiobook for Fifty Shades of Grey?
No.
Yes, yes I have.
Oh my god, it's fucking amazing.
Yes, yes I have.
Rob's finding that.
Fifty Shades of Grey.
Twilight fanfic becoming legitimate.
Oh my god.
So Shane.
Yes.
I am addicted and I blame you and Rob.
That's fine.
I'll take all the blame for that because now, well, here's the thing.
It's kind of like a pyramid scheme, so now you have to go and find somebody that hasn't played it and give it to them.
I'm working on it.
I'm trying to get Dan to play it so that our entire house is infected.
Can Shermie play it?
No, she'll just shit.
Oh, that's disgusting.
Well, everyone poops.
That's true.
I know from my little puppy.
Especially your new puppy.
What did you end up naming your puppy?
Hilo from Battlestar Galactica Cool, okay Now I am completely addicted to including Garrus in everything because I kind of dig my Birdman
He is awesome.
He totally is.
But I am looking forward to the hotness of Miranda.
But I don't know.
I'm not too impressed with Caden yet, really.
Because he's just not doing anything.
He's just sort of like... It's because you're not taking him places.
I heard earlier, you're like, I don't bring him along.
He's just sort of like, hi, Shepard.
Wink.
Okay, no, the same thing I felt for Liara.
I hated Liara, and then I beat 3 and I kind of liked her, and then I started taking her through my playthroughs.
Oh, I can't say stuff.
And she became my hag, and I like Liara now.
Okay.
So I have her in Kaiden all the time.
Well, then maybe I'll leave Rex at home for a while and take Kaiden out.
Yes, do that.
That's a much better idea.
Although, people have been spoiling crap for me.
Well, you should unfriend them and then drive to their house and punch them in the throat.
It's because I was looking up the stuff that I'm not doing in Mass Effect.
Like, I was reading the wiki and I don't want to shoot somebody.
Oh, yeah.
So, that made me mad.
That and the triple palette swap that I won't go into further detail about.
We can talk later about that because I don't understand what that is.
That doesn't tell her the full picture.
What?
That doesn't tell her the full picture.
I'm still going to play the whole thing.
I'll find out, Rob.
Okay, I'm just saying.
Before I hang up here so you don't hang up on me, something we'll probably talk about on Horde House this week that I saw today, I guess it was data mine for Diablo 3, that you'll get some stuff for having the collectors miss the Pandaria.
um you'll get some stuff in Diablo 3 and it looks like some banners and stuff but there's also possibly these wings that say in the like the code string that they give you quad damage now how fair is that to get something that's actually worth like
Holy f*** is this wrong?
But holy hell, is it erotic!
1-877-GAME-OLR Use name on Skype as Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
Do we have any other last minute stories or should I go over to Twitter?
I had Twitter up on the iPad.
Tweet it.
Well, there is something I was just going to mention real quick that was kind of interesting.
Remember how, well, we were just talking about Pinball Game during Part A where Twilight Zone was the game of the week here.
There was a Kickstarter apparently just recently.
Pinball Arcade, the Twilight Zone.
It's to get the Twilight Zone, I guess, on consoles.
Well, it must have worked.
Let's...
Jessica Harper from Understation Live, Saturday Nights at VOG
Not much.
I thought that, you know, since you've actually been showing support for us these past two Saturdays and stuff, I would actually call in.
Well, thank you.
And say, hi, guys.
Thank you so much.
You know, being able to check in and get points really helps motivate me to show.
No, I mean, obviously, I do love the points.
There's no other reason aside from going and getting points.
No, the whole reason, there's two reasons I have to tune into Understation Live every Saturday night when I can.
Honestly, I won't be there next Saturday, but neither will you.
And they're both disco.
There's two reasons.
One of them is disco disco.
Disco disco!
And somebody was asking me when we were going to do disco disco on Orange Launch Radio.
I said, you don't understand.
Travis already thinks I steal all the bits from Understation Live.
I'm not going to...
I'm not going to further give him evidence.
There is a ban on Disco Disco.
The closest thing, you can go Disco Disco in PlayStation Home.
That's as close as we're going to get.
But I will say the second reason is Recursive Travis.
Yes!
Recursive Travis always makes me giggle.
It doesn't matter how pissed off I am, how upset I am.
Recursive Travis just every single time.
I do love, though, that you guys... I gotta say, props to Travis, and I don't know if you're part of this effort as well.
You've gotta be cracking the whip or something behind the scenes, because Travis is now getting his podcast up, same day, which is amazing.
You know, it's all because of the VOG aura.
It's like it got into his veins or something, and now he...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, yeah, for real.
Well, Travis is now saving the Ustreams.
So if you're JVmon in our chat room asking, what is Disco Disco?
You could go to Ustream and watch.
Now you can watch and watch.
You can actually feel like you're there.
Watch me Disco Disco last week with no pants.
Yes.
And watch his, you know, beard.
Get the dirty thoughts out of your head.
You didn't see anything below the belt except my leg.
But I have.
I've just seen Robin very tight lacy panties.
What?
Not lacy.
Silky is what I meant.
You need to give some background to this because you're going to make it sound like to all the listeners that I enjoy walking around in women's panties or something like that.
Yes, it was Rocky Horror.
There's a big difference.
There's a difference.
It's still funny to say.
There's a difference.
Is there any video games you've been playing lately, Iguana Girl?
Well, pretty much what I play over and over and over again is Lotro.
I am addicted to Lotro.
Yeah, you suck DarkSakura into that whole thing.
I'm trying to.
I see her over there once in a while and she's like, oh, it's so pretty.
I'm like, yeah, that's why I keep trying to tell you people.
It seems like it's working a little bit.
I'm trying to play it at least once a week.
At least once a week.
Because I don't know if you know about My Guild Druidia.
I was seeing something about that, yeah.
We now have an all-Druid guild called Druidia.
It was either going to be that or the Order of Vespa.
She has to fit in her time between Tumblr and Facebook, too.
I've had design work to do for reals that I'm not even getting paid for.
I'm kidding, lady.
Lighten up.
She just has such a busy gaming schedule.
She has to fit everything in.
You have a rough life.
Yeah, my Mass Effect and my Fractal and my Wow's and my Lotor's and my Stowe's.
I only have time in my life for one game.
That's my MMO addiction right there.
Hey, you know what?
Getting addicted to an MMO still makes you a gamer girl in my eyes.
See, here's how bad I am though.
When it comes to console gaming, I used to be right on top of it.
You remember how I used to be.
I don't own any modern system.
The only thing I have is a PS2.
You know what, though?
Gaming can be an expensive hobby, and there's nothing wrong with being a frugal gamer.
We have a lot of people listen to the show that's kind of in your boat, where it's like, you know, I'd love to have a 360 or a PlayStation 3 or whatever, but I have to buy stuff at flea markets and stuff.
I like paying my rent.
Exactly.
It helps.
But, you know...
I've gone through a lot of life changes since my gaming days I now live in a place all by myself and it's in downtown Sacramento so it's a little bit more expensive but you know
You do what you have to do.
I'm not sharing rent, so I can't go out and buy the pretty toys and what have you.
You know what we could do?
Typing of the dead.
Unfortunately, when I was going through all of my very, very difficult times, my Dreamcast was one of the things that went away.
You girls can borrow mine anytime.
You can come to my house.
If I can find it.
Yes, I could.
Yes, so we can type zombies to death at my house.
Yeah.
And as mentioned in chat, I do have Chewy as well.
You do have a Chewy and that's very important.
And Chewy takes a lot of my time as well.
And space.
A lot of my attention.
Yeah, a lot of my space.
All right.
Jessica Harper, I got to let you go to try squeezing a couple more calls.
But thanks so much for calling in.
It's so good to hear from you.
And feel free to stop by the studio anytime.
Next week might be a little crowded, but if you want to squeeze in here and say hi with everybody else, we would welcome you with open arms.
Oh, but next week I can't do.
Oh, you're going to Disneyland.
I'll be in Disneyland.
Oh, well, I can't.
You know what?
Can't blame you on that.
Real quick before I go.
Yeah.
Just for those listeners who don't normally tune in.
Yeah.
So Saturday nights, USL also on VOG Network.
So if you want to check it out, do so.
We're very happy to be a part of this and we're super excited.
So, yeah, come hang out with us and have a good show, guys.
And just to let people know, it's more the geek side of the Voice of Geeks Network.
It's, you know, tech chat.
It's sci-fi chat.
And disco.
Lots of Doctor Who parodies.
And disco disco!
And all that.
Yes, and disco disco.
And Heino.
You know, you should just write it as Disco Square.
All right.
All right, thanks, Jess.
Have a great one.
Take care.
Have fun at Disneyland.
Take me with you.
Lucky her going to Disneyland and getting to sit in that five-hour line for Radiator Springs Racers.
My wife's going to Disneyland.
Everybody's going to Disneyland but me.
Well, you can go with her.
I was just there two weeks ago.
I want to take one more trip in August.
I want Alan and I to go on a weekday after the kids are back in school.
She's trying to convince Christopher to go with her.
Oh, really?
Well, because she's going, because I said, you know, originally she wanted to take Josh and stuff.
I'm like, that's going to be a fucking pain in the ass to try to, you know, haul a little kid on a plane and he's not used to sleeping anywhere other than his crib.
So I'm like, listen, you just go because I don't ride.
I used to love, like, okay, like for some reason I'm terribly afraid of roller coasters and I don't know why because it's weird.
I am.
Like, I was terribly afraid of roller coasters.
Then one time Disneyland, it was awesome and then...
The only real rollercoaster I'll ever do is screaming.
Okay, Rob.
Alright, let me get to the phones here.
I just want to read and chat real quick, though.
BlackWolf is complaining, You guys just went.
I haven't been in over a year.
Yeah, well, still.
Two weeks is two weeks too long.
Alright, caller.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This is X-Link.
Hey, X-Link.
I haven't heard from you in a while, buddy.
How you doing?
Doing good.
BlackWolf, don't feel too bad.
I live right around the corner from...
How do you feel now that the Steam Workshop has now been available for Civ 5?
I haven't really got to play around with it yet, but I'm excited about the potential that's in there.
I mean, there's always been some great mods for Civ, so it just seems like a logical step, and I'm kind of glad that they're kind of embracing each other, Steam and Civ.
I haven't admittedly played a lot of Sim 5 ever since I got into the Mass Effect series, but I definitely want to go back and revisit it.
I heard the game fell out of balance bad with the last patch that they did, so my friends were like, I don't really want to play.
It kind of sucks right now.
But I'm imagining they fixed it with this Gods and Kings expansion.
So I'm wanting to check it out in the coming months.
Yeah, they did a lot of work on it from what I understood from this last patch alone when they were adding the Steam Network workshop onto it.
And then I'm hearing on top of that they're also going to be doing a little more odds and ends to that when Gods and Kings does come out in the following week here.
Right, right.
Which will be very interesting because knowing that you can make your own religion, it's going to be kind of interesting and intriguing to see what happens.
That is a little bit scary, but good.
I was going to flip this question on you.
What do you think about Steam Workshop and Civ integration, Civ V?
Hey, I think it's going to be pretty interesting what they're going to do.
Sharks with lasers or nuclear weapons or, you know, or bionic robots, you know.
I mean, the sky's the limit.
So, I mean, it's going to be intriguing to see what kind of different mods and stuff people are going to come up with for the game, so...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Siv 2 is my favorite Siv game so this made me smile and Sid Meier even did a reaction to it if you haven't heard basically and this was all over Reddit and all that stuff so I'm sure a lot of you already heard about this but this man has been playing his Siv game for 10 years he's now in the game I mean not obviously like straight he's been playing 10 years on and off
His world is in the year 3991 A.D.
That's a long ways into the game, trust me.
And basically his world has the Celts, the Vikings, and the Americans stuck in thermonuclear war for 1700 in-game years.
That's crazy.
They're saying, is it a strange reflection on where society is headed?
It has a lot of people thinking in deep thoughts this week.
Did you hear about that, XLink?
No, I did not, actually.
It's kind of intriguing hearing about that.
I'll definitely go back and reread that.
But, yeah, that's crazy.
Though I thought they could have sworn they'd stop it.
Like, at some point, they do stop the game.
Like, if you get to a certain area, it's like, you can't play it after that.
Unless it's Civ 3 or 4, I'm thinking of that.
They probably put that on there.
It must be the later Civs.
I thought the game always ended at a certain point as well, but maybe two had been left open-ended.
I can't remember.
Or maybe his game was modded somehow to let it go on forever.
I didn't read about the details on that.
In 10 years, that's a lot of time.
Hopefully, I don't know, we take maybe a turn a day or something, or a turn a week, or...
I don't know, that's very intriguing, but that's very cool nonetheless to hear about that.
Sid Meier's response was really interesting.
He said, quote, My first thought was, wow, I can't believe anyone has been playing Civ 2 for that long.
It's been more than 15 years since we released that game, and I don't think any of us expected a decade-long game would come out of it.
It would be amazing if we could come back in 2025 and find out if someone's had a 10-year game of Civ 5 going.
Well, you know, it's kind of like, if you look at it and the way it's played in Ran, it's kind of similar to Monopoly, really.
If you play it right, it could go on for, I could see it actually going on for that long periods of time.
If, you know, it's going back and forth type of deal and you're not really making, okay, I'm going to build up, you know, 50 units and go in there and try to, you know, and try to massive wipe these towns and cities in the short period of time.
If he's taking his time and just doing it, building, you know, say like day by day, I could actually see something like that happening probably.
Let me read this comment from JV Mon in our chat room saying, I know Civ 3 stops scoring once you hit 2050 AD, but you can keep playing if you want past that.
I think that's it.
I think that's it.
The game stops.
Yeah, I think that's exactly what it is.
But I will say this, and I know I'm going to get shit for this because he just said that he plays Civ 3 with his boyfriend all the time.
But why are you wasting your time with Civ 3?
That one's the worst one in the whole series.
I kind of agree now, especially the way that it's advanced over time.
Yeah, I can actually see that, but...
you know all the games if you go back you're like wow but it's kind of cool though it's like with a lot of games I like to go back and play from the beginning and going through and it's kind of cool like even you said yourself when you're playing Mass Effect seeing the changes that's been done from part one to part two to part three part four you know so on so forth so it's kind of cool to see the transaction and seeing what happens throughout that time period and and taking uh
DarkSakura DarkSakura
Alright, X-Link, I gotta let you go.
Any other quick final thoughts for our listeners?
Not really that I can think of at this time.
I'm probably gonna go back and play some Rift now, so.
Alright, good luck.
Have fun with Rift.
Yeah, thanks.
Appreciate it.
You know, him talking about MMOs, and obviously I used to play a lot of WoW with X-Link until the guild we were in kind of stopped raiding, but I was playing some of the beta this week, and I gotta say, the beta's come a long way, and I was doing some panda tanking, and it was actually quite fun.
Maybe I'll squeeze in one more call.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Meanwhile, I got to get through some of these tweets.
I wanted to read this one from Dave Falcon who said, shout out.
I actually retweeted it.
Shout out to OLR, longtime fan from many moons ago.
Rediscovered you recently.
Now listening to you live with my fiance.
Well, thank you for tuning in.
That's kind of, you know, and I realize sometimes people just don't have time for OLR anymore or kind of fall out of the habit of listening.
You know, it happens, but it's really cool.
I do.
I stop listening.
At least you haven't fallen asleep during the damn show.
I stop listening when you talk about Minecraft.
Fair enough.
Jim Sally sent a tweet that said, Hey guys, can you tell me how to spend you a tweet while you're live on air?
I wish I could figure this out, you kids and your twittering.
Well, speaking of which, let's take this phone call and see who might be there.
Hi, you're on Orange Zones Radio.
Who's this?
Chugga chugga choo choo sexies.
It's Jim Sally.
Hey, baby.
Hey.
How funny.
I was just talking about you.
Were your ears burning?
A little bit, but I didn't... What did you say?
I was reading your tweet.
I wrote a tweet to you?
Oh, yeah.
Sorry about that.
Or somebody hacked your account.
No, that was me.
I was a little bit funny before, and I thought I would tell that joke.
Did you like it?
I did.
I did.
I was saying, can you tell me how to spend a tweet while you're live on the air?
You kids and your Twittering.
You pretty much got Twitter in a nutshell right there.
Bad grammar and all.
That's the Jim Sully way.
That's the Jim Sully way.
I'm making my own English.
I was just going to say, to what do we owe this great phone call tonight?
I got you another little present like you asked.
I'm the 500th person to like your Facebook page.
Get out.
That's awesome.
Thank you.
I thought as soon as you said it, I said, how come I haven't done this yet?
I felt a little ashamed, so I rectified my situation.
Thank you for the support.
What kind of prize should we give Jim Sally for being the 500th fan?
I have one.
I should get 500 VOG points.
Jamie has a prize?
Yeah.
Okay.
You got a round of applause.
I was using my slow clap processor.
So I'm not going to get the 500 VOG points.
And hearts.
You get hearts.
And you have VOG points.
Don't they go away at the end of the month?
I think someone told me to go away at the end of the month.
Sort of.
The main leaderboard is monthly, but we are still going to keep track on a year basis.
But that one is going to be a little more for fun.
And let me tell you the reason behind that.
Go back to the tweet earlier where somebody said, Hey, I kind of stopped listening to you guys for a while, but I recently rediscovered you guys.
Well, if somebody kind of comes into VOG a little bit late, and we're going to be adding more shows to the network soon, so maybe some of their fans are going to be checking it out, we don't want somebody to feel like they can't catch up or they can't ever play the game because they're never going to be able to beat the score.
So...
We're going to reset the boards every month for that reason so people have a chance to win every month.
Listen, Rob, everyone that listens to the VOG Network knows they can't keep up with Jim Salley.
So you might as well just give me the 500 points first off, okay?
Second off, it's Father's Day and I'm a good dad.
I'm a stay-at-home dad.
I work hard every day, keep my baby girl clean and pretty and nice and put her in dresses and stuff.
And all I ask for at the end of the day is maybe some extra VOG points.
and a little snuggle in the sheets maybe or something.
All right, Jim Sally, just because you call in to the shows and you do show your support, I will see what we can do.
No promises.
You're the boss.
You can do it.
Now, here's the thing is that Bobby did all the coding work and he's very passionate about his game.
I'll see what we can do.
Come on, Bobby.
Bobby, don't be a douche, okay?
Give me my 500 points.
Listen, Bobby, douche wolf, you don't give me 500 points.
You're not going to win fans that way.
You win.
What?
Is that how you do it?
You catch more flies with honey than vinegar.
Listen, Bobby, I don't care about honey or vinegar.
I care about my VOG points.
Actdeft, this fucking Google Plus loving motherfucker, he's ahead of me.
And I won't have it.
And I won't have it.
I'll give him something to Google Plus about.
Jeez.
I deserve those points.
I work hard.
I think without me, where would I be?
If anything, if anything, okay, listen everybody, if you don't think that Jim Sally should get 500 points, then maybe you haven't been listening to the VOG Network enough, or too much.
Fine, I award you 500 points for Gryffindor!
For Gryffindor!
What is it you were going to say, Rob?
It's a bummer the points aren't compatible with each other.
Yeah, it's the conversion rates.
What is it that you were looking at me funny?
Oh, I was looking at you funny because you were yawning very loudly.
No, it was nothing.
All right.
Jim, Sally, I got to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
Any last quick, quick thoughts that don't have to do with VOG points?
No.
I'm kind of obsessed with the VOG points now.
Bobby, make it happen, Bobby.
Come on.
A lot of people are.
All right.
Take care.
Take care, Jim, Sally.
Have a good one.
Thanks for the points, Bobby.
Good night, everybody.
We are doing no such thing.
Bobby and I are already discussing something in secret.
That's all we can say.
It's in secret.
A couple more tweets.
I gotta get some of Tigerclaw's tweets.
I posted the best picture in chat, by the way.
This whole page, Tigerclaw tweets.
Okay, but I posted the best picture in chat.
What?
Of Peek-a-thoo-loo.
Tigerclaw sends us a tweet.
Tigerclaw305 on Twitter.
Microsoft's first Android title, Connectimals.
Remember Connectimals?
They're still around.
Apparently it's the first Android game that they've launched on Google Play's store, not to be confused with Google+, which we were talking about earlier.
It is out now.
It's also on iOS, just saying, but you can get it $2.99 on Google Play for Android, a little tie-in there to the Kinect game that I know Loki's a big fan of.
He gave me a big thumb.
That was a gladiator moment right there with a big thumbs down.
All right, let me read one more tweet here from Tiger Claw.
PBS taking a look at modern 8-bit culture.
That's really cool.
The evolution of 8-bit art.
I guess it's like a PBS special that's going on there that's talking about, I imagine it's gotta be things like the 8-bit exhibit and all that stuff.
Yeah, I am 8-bit and all that stuff.
That's pretty cool.
Talking about some of the recent games like VVV, Mega Man 9, and some of that stuff that's really caught on.
That's really cool.
And murals and so forth.
You know what?
It's a big part of a lot of people's childhoods and all that.
So I can totally see why it's in our popular culture and all that.
Anyway, I got to close up the tweeters, close up the mailbag, close up the phone because it is about closing time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We got to wrap up the show and say goodnight.
I want to check in with Loki one more time to see if he has any other last minute stories.
Nope Alright, then we'll go around and get everybody's final thought Quickly, Loki, I don't know if you can talk about this What is this that you brought?
The FP It's basically a movie where there's these two post-apocalyptic gangs that compete and fight each other by playing DDR Wasn't that in a Madonna video?
Hated it It's really cheesy I don't know It's a screener I had
I'll have to check that out at some point.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
My final thought tonight is dinner.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
Peek-a-thoo-loo.
And Loki, last but not least, your final thought tonight.
My final thought is this mascot for this game that's on Kickstarter, Zombie Playground, looks too much like Pedo Bear.
It's Pedo Raccoon.
That is Pedo Raccoon for sure.
And Zombie Pedo Raccoon.
But that is Pedo Raccoon.
Fun!
Wow.
All right.
Hey, before we close up shop here, I just want to say thank you guys very much for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for your support over the past nine years and 51 weeks.
You know, all we ask, tell a friend or two about Orange Lounge Radio.
Help spread the word.
Hey, we got fans 499 and 500 tonight on Facebook.
That's exactly what we're talking about.
I know 500 was Jim Sally.
I don't know where 499 came from, but thank you, whoever that was and whoever told that person about Orange Lounge Radio.
Help us spread the word, word of mouth and all that.
And as you know from behind the scenes stuff, there will be easier and more ways to spread that word soon enough.
Uh-huh.
Very true.
Very true.
We've seen things.
And also, I want to say, next week is the 10-year anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio.
Please help spread the word, especially to folks who've kind of been missing for a little while, such as the Twitter comment I read earlier.
I would really love to hear from the folks from OLR's past.
The Skype line will be open in about an hour after the show to take your calls and messages.
if you have anything you want to leave for us to play next week.
I'm really looking forward to it and I kind of can't believe it.
That's why we haven't said much about it.
We kind of can't believe it.
It's been 10 years.
Shit, we are old.
It's our 10-iversary.
We'll be back next week to celebrate 10 years of Orange Lounge Radio.
Until then, don't be a dick.
Be safe.
See you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
