Tonight, June 3, 2012, rumored new Wii U functionality is revealed, details emerge on the next Skyrim
expansion, and Apple answers rumors about an Apple console.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next couple hours with my co-hosts.
First off, the one, the only, Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers.
Yo, dog, what up?
How you doin'?
Um, I'm full of curry.
Hurry hurry hurry, get your rice and curry.
It was really good.
It was Thai, not Indian, thank you.
Nerds out there will know that song.
Alright, also joining us tonight, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Alright.
Now, tonight's a little bit different of a show.
Usually I would introduce our chat room at vognetwork.com, but unfortunately we, well,
I mean, fortunately and unfortunately we are taping in advance of Sunday night, so if you're
listening to this live on Sunday night at the VOG Network, congrats, you're hearing the
premiere of this episode, but we're actually taping here on Thursday, May the 31st.
So a little disclaimer before we get into the news too much tonight, especially with
all the E3 stuff starting to come out, things may have changed between the night we taped
this and the night you guys hear it.
Why did we do that this week?
Well, as I mentioned on last week's show, I'm going to be out of town, therefore the
OLR studio will be closed that night and Loki really wants a night to sit at home and play
Minecraft all night uninterrupted.
Well, it's not uninterrupted, but it'll be longer than a few hours.
There you go.
So Minecraft all day Sunday.
My God, it's getting bad.
You were telling me before the show, just now you've cheated even worse in Minecraft
360, right?
I wouldn't even really consider it cheating.
Exploiting, stretching the limits of the rules.
It is cheating, but I mean, really when you think about it, it's just, I've basically
enabled God mode.
I've rigged it so that the health is so high that I don't die, but it's really, it's for
the poor programming of the game because like for example, the future updates and stuff,
when you're digging underground, you know, if there's lava, you know, one brick away
from where you're digging, you don't in this game.
So you're digging all of a sudden, Oh crap, lava killing me.
Yeah, the first tip I got about playing Minecraft is never dig straight down.
Well, I wasn't digging straight down.
I was digging straight forward and then all of a sudden I hit a block and lava flow dead.
I was like, thanks.
All right.
Anyhow, we'll talk more about our gaming weeks in a little bit, but first, as I mentioned,
we are getting into E3 week.
Finally it's uh, it's here a little strange E3 for us here at orange launch radio this
year.
And you know, as I'm sure a lot of you guys know, E3 kind of scaled back on the amount
of people they invite and OLR is not exactly on the guest list anymore.
So um, you know, we're just trying to make the best of it and uh, I'm going to Disneyland
instead.
LOL.
Uh, but I think a Loki dark soccer, you guys may or may not be watching it at home.
Loki, you still took the time off from work, so you kind of watch it, right?
I didn't take any time off work, but I'll still be watching it.
But technically it's related to your job so you can kind of get away with it.
Yeah.
And because I'm awesome like that.
I kind of think that my work is more interesting.
Well, this year especially, you know, I, I'm, I'm feeling a little eh about E3 this year.
I mean, maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised and to go into it with low expectations is
probably a good place to be.
But you know, um, I think Bobby put it best, Bobby Black Wolf, of course, the man who you
hear before us on Sunday nights at VOG network.
Um, he said, you know, if I had to miss my first E3 in, I think he said it was 16 years
I think.
15, 16 years.
I probably got that wrong.
Um, it, this is probably a good one to miss.
Why do you think the bar is so low this year?
I mean, we do have a new, I mean, everybody's saying, well, there's no new consoles.
Well, there is.
I mean, there is the Wii U.
I mean, is, is excitement really that low about Wii U or what?
I don't think the Wii U is doing enough different to make it like, Ooh, wow.
It's not like the graphics are like, Whoa, that much better.
Or you know, Whoa, this is a totally new technology, you know, way of controlling things.
It's basically, Hey, look, we took, we made a big DS minus other minus a D.
But isn't this a good place for Nintendo to be though?
I mean, I know that sounds really weird.
Like you, you know, nobody likes the negative buzz and obviously E3 kind of left them with
a very meh feeling, a lot of people walking out of the Wii U, but I mean, when the bar
is low, they really have the potential to exceed expectations.
True.
And well, with what they're doing right now, the technology seems to be more familiar to
the developers.
So they're able to port stuff over that, you know, the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 are getting.
I don't know how that's going to look when the new systems come out, but you know, that's
still a ways off.
For a whole year, they'll be on the cutting edge.
And even still, you know, even those new systems, you remember the very first, you know, games
are coming out in the, you know, Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 just kind of look like
a Brezzed PlayStation 2 and Xbox games, so it's not always, you know, the biggest, best
looking, well definitely never the best looking games at launch, it's just, you know, ways
after that.
All right.
So quickly, I know we kind of talked about this a little more in depth a couple weeks
ago, so I don't want to dwell on this topic too long, but since this is our last chance
before E3 officially hits and the press conferences start, what are your final predictions out
of E3?
One prediction each for the big three.
What are your final big predictions out of E3?
Loki?
Or Dark Sakura?
Um, that I'll be asleep when they're made.
Do you, well let me ask you, Darkside, do you have any interest in Wii U at all?
Not really.
Why not?
I don't know.
I mean, really, I'm just, my apathy is kind of overwhelming about it because I'm, I mean,
we'll probably get one, I guess.
It's just, I'm really getting to the point that a lot of big hype about stuff just makes
me not care.
I don't, I don't want to speculate.
I just want to see it when it's out.
Because when you say you're apathetic and you don't care, it makes me think that Nintendo's
just not doing anything to excite you, that there's nothing that's happening there that
you go, oh, this is new and fascinating.
They're really not.
The technology isn't anything new.
We've got touchscreen stuff.
We've got tablets.
You know, using a tablet, they've had that interactivity from a handheld before when
they had the game link with the GBA.
So it's nothing really new.
It's them just saying, oh, well, we're making a part of the Wii now.
I'm not really excited about it.
I don't, I'm not going to be excited until I actually sit down and see it.
And granted, I feel somewhat similar, but I'm hoping to be pleasantly surprised.
I'm really hoping there's that one game that I've got to have, but we'll see.
Loki, predictions for the big three?
I don't really know what Nintendo's, just based on what they've rumored to be coming
out in the new Mario game, New Super Mario Bros. me, which I think is what it's supposed
to be.
I was just like, I'm, seriously, that does not appeal to me at all.
New Super Mario Bros. didn't ever appeal to me.
I mean, I understand.
Well, one of the DS was pretty cool, and then the Wii one came out, and then number two's
coming out, and they all look the same.
It's just, I don't care.
I wish, I don't know, I wish it would do something innovative, like take one of those franchises
like Mario or Zelda and do like a little big planet thing with it.
You know, have this fucking amazing level editor with it and just, you could even make
it like an old, you know, the 16-bit Zelda, like do that, re-release that and have this
fucking amazing level editor where you can share it online and stuff like that.
I'm gonna bring you back, because this isn't a prediction, this is wank.
This is what you want to see, this isn't what you're gonna see.
I'm prepared to be completely underwhelmed by Nintendo, that's my prediction, that they'll
talk about all this wonderful stuff that the Wii U can do, and it'll be just these stupid
games that, hey look, it's WWE 13, but with this extra feature, oh hey look, it's Darksiders
2, but this extra feature, oh hey look, it's Batman Arkham City that came out last year,
but it has this extra feature.
I don't fucking care, that's not gonna make me, I'm not buying another console because
it has a cool gimmick.
I mean, I want something that's gonna be a little bit different.
The Wii was very different than what was out there on the market, that's why I was interested
in it, and it was completely boring later on, because there was nothing really good
for it.
Nothing I really needed to have.
How about Microsoft and Sony?
Microsoft, I'm waiting for a lot of announcements from them, because they really don't know
a whole ton of what's coming out, and obviously they're gonna talk about the new Gears of
War game, which really don't care about that.
I'm hoping we'll see, they'll probably announce their TV thing, the whole initiative where
they're gonna have some sort of IPTV, that'd be kinda nice, because all these little apps
that they have that are tied to your cable, hey you can have the Xfinity app, oh but you
have to have Xfinity in order to actually view any of the content on there, well fuck,
you know what, I can do that on my PC, why do I need your stupid app?
It's very useless for me.
If it's something like, hey you pay for Xbox Live and you get TV content with that, awesome,
cool then I don't have to pay for cable, of course cable doesn't want you to do that,
but we'll see.
And then for PlayStation, Sony, I mean, I don't know, it's really, it kinda, it's going
back to what we were saying before, it's very meh, there's nothing I'm really expecting,
that's the thing, it's nothing like, oh I can't wait to hear about this, I just don't
think anything's gonna happen, I mean, I would like to, I'm predicting that they'll talk
about new Vita titles, because I gotta tell you right now, the two that I was looking
forward to, Resistance and Gravity Rush, Resistance apparently is pretty terrible, and that's
not good, Gravity Rush I hear is kind of okay, there's a demo out for Gravity Rush, there's
a demo out for both, but I haven't gotten a chance to try them yet, but I hear, I mean
I hear it's okay, but it's not like, woo, gotta have that, Resistance was one of those
things, I was like, ooh, first person shooter, that might be really cool, and then here it's
just kinda meh, and so, I'm like, well crap, now I have to wait until the fall for some
good games to come out, and we're back to the 3DS again, where it's just like, well
crap, you know, I gotta wait until the fall for some good games to come out, it's like,
am I gonna have to sell this system too?
Alright, I'll go real quick, I think Nintendo, I obviously, is gonna be very heavy on the
Wii U and the 3DS, I, this may just be the fanboy wank in me, but I kinda think they're
gonna drop F-Zero on us, and I'm gonna have to get one, I think that's, I think that's
what's gonna ultimately happen, and I think there'll be something kinda cool where that
little tablet's gonna have like the map, and kinda like the racer's cockpit or something,
and maybe something like being able to use like power-ups and stuff will be all on the
little touch screen, and then the HD screen will be nothing but gorgeousness, you know,
and possible fan wank, but I just, there are rumors that that could be the big one that's
being dropped, so I'm just gonna remain hopeful, I really hope this is Nintendo's chance to
finally prove that they get online, and I think they are gonna show that they get online
finally, but no more so than say Sony, you know, it's not gonna be like, oh my god, Nintendo's
the must-have online, so I think they'll do about as well as Sony.
Microsoft, I really don't know what they can do to impress me at this point, especially
if they are gonna be hedging their bets on two big first-person shooters, which usually
aren't my kinda game, I don't know what to think.
I wanna see new franchises.
I really do too, and I want something to be on Kinect that's interesting, there was that
whole gladiator game they showed last year that we never really heard anything about
again, and I imagine they're gonna show more of that this year, but I'm not, mmm.
It's Fable, The Journey is gonna be their big Kinect game, it's not on Rails!
Well, you know what, again, and a great example of where the bar is really effing low, and
here's a chance to blow me away, so maybe, maybe, cause I liked Fable 2.
I don't think there's ever gonna be another good Fable.
We'll see.
I think only the bet rises and you come out for this console.
The other thing I wanna say about Microsoft though is I still think Windows 8, I think
Windows 8 gets dropped at some point during the conference, it's Microsoft's big push
at the end of the year, as a company, that whole synergy, there's gonna be something
with your Xbox and Windows 8.
Just wait.
Ooh, fantastic!
Yep.
Exactly.
I was watching a video of that interface today, and granted, there are things that they've
made improvements to, but that fuckin' Metro desktop is...
That is all optional, right?
I don't have to use that, right?
I don't know.
Question mark?
Oh boy.
That replaces the start menu.
Oh boy, alright.
Um, Sony.
You know, Sony is so unpredictable, and yet, I think is really predictable, I mean, obviously
you're gonna have the God of War, you're gonna have probably more hints of the Last Guardian
and the PlayStation fighting game, but at the same time, I feel like last year we thought
we knew everything Sony was gonna do, and they did kinda have a lot of surprises still.
So I have faith that Sony could still shock us with something, but I just, you know, I'm
hoping again it's that game I haven't seen yet.
So I, and I think there will still be, of course, more Vita, and I'm hoping for more
Vita, PlayStation 3 kinda, you know, togetherness.
So we'll see.
There is that, what was that dungeon crawler game that never ended up coming out with the
Vita's launch?
I don't remember what it's called now.
Paperware the game?
No, something...
I know what you're talking about.
It's like Diablo, but not...
They showed that off last year, I imagine more of that.
Well they had, they had the one that was at launch, the Ubisoft title that ties in, I
think.
No, no, no, no, I'm not talking about that.
No, I know what you're talking about, the Sony one.
I don't remember what the hell it's called.
It's not Sorcery either.
No, it's not Sorcery.
That's the Vita.
No, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Because they just were talking about like, oh hey, where's that game?
And yeah, I don't know.
But again, I'm hoping it's not just, you know, I mean, again, last year, despite, I think
there was a leak a couple weeks in advance, but otherwise that Twisted Metal game kinda,
you know, was a surprise.
You know, I'm hoping for some surprises, but we'll, we'll see.
Anyhow.
New franchises.
That's all I'm saying.
Each one should come out with a new franchise.
I mean, there's, there's some pretty cool ideas that they have for new franchises, like
remember Cameo, the launch title for the 360?
That was like really cool looking when they showed it off at E3, and it was okay when
it came out, but it could have been a good sequel, huh?
It could have been a good title.
Like that, that type of game was pretty cool and not something that really the Xbox has
from Microsoft.
They don't have that type of platforming, like a Ratchet and Clank or something.
They need something like that.
Alrighty I'm gonna move on here and start to get into tonight's news just to kinda wrap
things up though.
Again, hopefully, hopefully we're all pleasantly surprised.
I know we're feeling kinda eh about this year's E3.
I really hope it gets people buzzed because this Christmas could be quite a disaster for
video games in general if, you know, there's not anything to get excited about.
That could be bad.
Here's one thing though.
If the video game market could live through a recession, I don't know that it's gonna
have a problem.
Well, but if this year is bad, that could have a real impact on the Sony Microsoft consoles
next year.
Oh please.
Grand Theft Auto for October.
Please Grand Theft Auto for October.
We'll see.
You know, actually, what was that?
The Lego City stories.
Still wanna hear about that.
That actually would, might sell me a Wii U.
Maybe.
Alright, I'm gonna get into some housekeeping real quick here.
First off, again, I wanna plug the live show even though we're taped tonight.
We will be back next week, June 10th, to talk about everything that happened at E3.
And that'll be available at vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Also, by the time you guys hear this, the full vognetwork.com website should have launched.
We had, or we're having, I have to think what tense to use here.
So, since you guys are hearing this Sunday, we had a special on Friday talking about the
future of the network.
I don't wanna repeat it here because it's like 95% ago right now, but there is a chance
it could be delayed to the 8th.
We will has had.
Yes, you will has had by this point.
My hope is, though, by the time you guys are hearing this, the full vognetwork.com website
did in fact launch, so check it out, and just, it's gonna be awesome.
There were unicorns and rainbows and- I don't know about unicorns, but there may
be rainbows.
There was definitely a unicorn on the test site, but I think that's being removed for
the full.
There were sheep.
That was interesting.
There were sheep.
Oh, did you see that?
I saw that.
That was my graphic design.
There were sheep and men in underwear.
All right, anyhow, vognetwork.com should be live 24-7 now as well, and a full website
for you guys to see.
So, that'll be fun.
All right, anyhow, moving on.
Let's talk about the news.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
And no gaming week?
Oh, shit.
Yeah, we should talk about our gaming weeks, huh?
Dark soccer.
All the E3 talk got me sidetracked.
Dark soccer, how was your gaming week?
We've only had half a week, too.
I played- actually, Dan got the new Arkham City expansion, the Harley Quinn's Revenge.
Oh, yeah, that looked really neat.
I watched about half of it, and then I had to go to bed, because I had taken NyQuil,
and I was like, ugh.
You play a lot of it as Robin, and as much as I liked Harley Quinn's voice actor, she
gets really annoying after a while, so whatever.
And also, for fans of certain little Easter eggs that were found in the game before, you
can get pissed off.
So, just saying.
Don't get your hopes up, wah.
I already know exactly what it's got to be.
All right.
Yeah.
So, anyway, I played- I had this really good streak in Fractal, which I love that fucking
game.
Fractal is so fun, and I had a really good streak, and then I got pissed off at the game
again and stopped playing.
So then I played some WoW, and played some Star Trek Online, only to find out that they
completely redid your skills, and it's stupid, so I'm like, ugh, I don't have my kickass
bomb skills anymore.
Don't you hate that when you leave an MMO and then you come back and they change everything?
Yeah.
But apparently, like, some of the stuff I have, my legacy items, are pretty good, so.
Oh, that's good.
I'm still an admiral piloting a Defiant.
Are you still playing with all the Scottish people?
They weren't on, only a couple people were on, and they weren't the Scotsmen.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
They're apparently all still there, they're just there at weird times.
Probably.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played Minecraft.
Of course you did!
I played lots of Minecraft.
I built a giant pig.
Oh, God, I saw the pictures on your Twitter.
When you say you built a giant pig, you must have found the pixel layout somewhere online.
There's a guide online.
Oh my gosh.
I love, it was like a hollow pig.
You could climb up the ladder.
Yeah, you can climb up the ladder into it.
It's a house.
You can live in its butt.
You can live inside.
And guess, actually, here's the best part.
It's like the dinosaurs in Pee Wee's Big Adventure.
Remember when they go to watch the sunrise?
You can live in a pig's ass.
You can live inside the pig, and not only that, near its ass, because it's on the inside
of its ass, there's a chest.
What's inside the chest?
Pork chops!
Yes!
Yes!
The pork chops are in there.
Oh, dog, I heard you like pigs, so I put pig in your pig.
Exactly.
So you could be a pig.
I don't know.
I just thought that would be fun.
What do I want to build next?
I'll build a giant pig.
That thing is scary, because I'll be running through, and then I'll look out the window
and see this pig.
And it's just like, it's always there, staring at you.
Hey, hey, hey, I have a question for you.
Can you make a slide, because you could totally make a tongue slide for your pig?
You can make a water slide.
You should make a drooling pig water slide.
Are you going to make a water slide out of its bum, because that's kind of gross.
No.
Do it in its mouth so it can be the drooling pig.
I thought about making, see, I was going to have that pig, and I was going to have another
pig to re-skin, to make it all evil looking, with glowing eyes and fire, and spikes sticking
up.
Darth Pig!
Darth Pig!
Oink, oink, oink, oink, oink, oink!
It was funny, though, because all the pigs keep wandering around the giant pig.
It's like they're worshipping the idol.
Wow.
All hail our bacony god!
But yeah, and another thing, too, Robson, since we're on the same map.
If you go to...
You know I started a new map, actually, a long time ago.
What?!
Yeah, I'm on seed OLR.
I'm not on seed VoG anymore.
I got sick of VoG.
But I'm sick of OLR, too.
You need to go back to VoG, because you know why?
Because if you go to the bottom, the southwestern portion of the map, there's this giant hole
that goes straight into the ground with a waterfall in it and stuff, and it's pretty
awesome inside there.
That's cool.
You know what you need to do?
You need to put a video on YouTube of your giant pig.
Once I'm done.
Da, da, da, da, da, da!
Well I'm going to have...
I've already...
I'm planning on making a giant rollercoaster ride thing, or possibly...
Oh my god!
They even have water slides that you can make.
You can make a water slide thing with jumps and all this cool stuff.
What has happened just three months ago?
I should go find a clip from this show just three months ago.
Minecraft?
What the hell?
Why do people play Minecraft?
I don't get this game.
Or just ask Dark Sakura.
Hey, Dark Sakura, what do you think of Minecraft?
Yeah, and then Loki in the meantime, I'm going to make a fucking Minecraft theme park, woo!
You know what, though?
As soon as somebody either pays for me to have an account or gets it to me for free
somehow.
Let's play the demo.
No, I don't like demos.
I'll pay for you to quit complaining.
Hold on, I think I have a dollar.
Hold on.
Here, hold on.
Let me just dig in my pocket.
I'll take that dollar too, and I'll stop complaining for five seconds.
Here, alright, I'm putting one dollar, this is a great radio show, here's my dollar, and
I'm putting it in the Dark Sakura Quit Your Bitchin' and Buy Minecraft Fund.
There it is.
I have a dollar.
Pinkberry!
Here, take your dollar.
I don't want your dirty money.
No.
That is the most non-Jewish thing you've ever done.
Remember back when I popped up the volume, and the little thing said, give me a dollar?
People did send me dollars.
A couple people.
Someone sent me a two dollar bill.
Kickstarter to buy Jamie Minecraft.
This was before Kickstarter, they should be paying me.
Alright, anyhow, anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
I played a little bit of Call of Duty, we actually played a Kill Confirmed game with
just the three of us, so that was fun.
We just don't play a lot of Call of Duty anymore, because everyone's really busy and my coworker's
out for a couple weeks, and it's just...
So I get more Minecraft time then.
But yeah, I started getting bored though, because I'm like, well, I don't know really
what else to do in here, and so I don't know, we'll see.
So I may actually go start a new seed at some point, but I don't know, how's the old RC?
Not that great, actually, but then again I haven't explored the entire map, but I can
tell you, the underground really annoys the hell out of me, and there's some weird...
There's like, okay, if you want like just this gigantic mountain where the bottom half
is all cave and it's the weirdest thing, it's available on that map.
I would almost play it just to see how different it is.
There's some seeds I've seen that are really crazy, like just valleys inside of a mountain
with lava and water and all sorts of strange stuff.
Well whenever we get those VoG forums that may or may not be there, when you hear this...
I have no idea what the crap you guys are talking about.
You should share some of your awesome seeds for Minecraft.
All right, look, let's move on.
What seed?
Like what...
You tell it what word you give it, you can give it random numbers and letters or capital,
you know, you give it a word and you can make a world that uses that as the seed.
But the good thing about that is that like if I use capital V, capital O, capital G,
and he uses the same thing, we have the same world essentially, even though it's kind of
randomized, if that makes sense.
I'm just thinking of Final Fantasy VIII now, where there were seed members in their gardens.
No, no.
All right, my gaming week.
Honestly, I've been working on the website, not as much as Bobby has, but I still have
been working on that quite a bit this week, so I haven't had a whole lot of time to game.
When I have gamed, I've played a little bit of Warcraft.
Shane and I have been running some dungeons to get heirlooms for the monks, we will inevitably
roll in the expansion.
And otherwise, I checked out the Mass Effect 3 multiplayer expansion, the... is it the
Rebellion Pack, or was that the last one?
I don't know.
Yeah, I remember.
Oh, Recruit...
Something war-related.
Another freaking multiplayer pack came out this week, and it adds the two male Quarians,
the two Cerberus defectors, and the two Vortia.
And dang, people are already unlocking shit.
I went into a random, and I already was playing with a male Quarian, which was kind of neat,
to just kind of see one running around.
And I got to play on one of the new maps.
So there are two new maps, one of them is, I think it's Thessia was the one I was playing
on, because it's based off that one, well I don't want to spoil it because it's staged
near the end of the game, but something big happens there.
So I was, yeah, I was having a good time on that map, and apparently there's a new type
of credit game, too.
On the third, sixth, and tenth wave, you have to do something different than just killing
everybody.
It's either like, hit the four beacons, or upload all the data.
Now there's a new one that's kind of like, fetch it and bring it back.
So, and it's kind of like Murderball, where the person who's carrying it walks really
slow, and is more vulnerable to attack, so I kind of like that they're doing different
things with it.
You know, Mass Effect, good times.
After finally having played the entire fucking trilogy up to this point, it's kind of nice
to be current, and get to experience a lot of this Mass Effect hub-a-loo when it's current,
so that part's cool.
All right, now we can do gaming news, right?
Yes.
All right, let's do it.
All right, let's talk a little bit about rumors, and apparently Sony is rumored to be looking
to buy a cloud gaming service, whether it's going to be Gaikai or OnLive.
The thought, though, is it's probably going to be-
Or the Phantom.
Well you have to have a cloud gaming service first, you can't just say, hey, we've got
this cloud gaming service, it's behind that wall over there, but trust us, it's there.
This giant E3 booth we have.
It works great.
Seriously.
It's awesome.
Yeah, our first game-
Take our word for it.
We can't show it to you, it's awesome.
Our first game coming out for it's called Snake Oil.
Forget it.
Yeah.
So, and I guess the speculation also kind of goes along with what Gaikai was saying
about E3, saying that, you know what, there may not be new consoles, because if you think
about it, if the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 adapt cloud gaming, there really doesn't need
to be a new console, because they just upgrade the stuff that's on the server side.
Oh, they'll always find a way to sell you something.
It's never going to happen, people.
It's never going to happen.
It may happen to coexist with regular stuff like renting titles or stuff like that, but
it's never going to be, you just-
Until it's the holodeck, there will always be a need for another console.
Or, Intella will suck your dick, let's be real.
The console either has to be the holodeck, or if they build the console, then they don't
need anything else.
If I lose out-
What?
Well, I'm losing out there.
Well, no, no, no.
It'll be the holodeck.
You can demand horizontal holodeck.
They'll be an inverter for women.
But I'm just saying, though, there's never-
It comes with a vacuum attachment.
There's never- Well, even when the blowjob machine and the holodeck come out, they're
going to need to make improvements to that.
There's always going to be improvements done to everything.
That's true.
It would be too bad if you get a glitchy hoe.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Let it go.
No!
Female attachment!
Not the male attachment.
Bad.
Anyways.
So, yeah, I mean, it could be interesting.
I guess we'll have to wait and see what's going on there.
I'm sure that announcement next week will be in the works if they are going to do something
like that.
It makes a lot of sense.
It doesn't make a lot of sense.
I mean, they could do a lot of different- I mean, I don't think it's going to be only
that.
Because, you know, another thing that they can consider, at least Sony did, was making
it online only.
Yeah.
Think about this, though, real quick.
If they do adopt, like, a cloud gaming thing, then they can have all the fucking control.
You know what I mean?
Think about it.
Because when it's in there, they get all of the fucking control.
Like, they could release, like, a beta game or something that you could play for, like,
an hour, and then it's, like, pulled.
You know?
And then the advertisement's right in the middle of it, and there's nothing you can
do about it.
Like, that part of it's kind of interesting to me.
Yeah, they could do that, and then everybody else doesn't do that, and then no one plays
it.
So, um, I don't know.
But yeah, basically they ultimately rejected the idea of a download-only console because
they remembered, hey, we released something called the PlayStation Portable Go, and that
sucked.
So they didn't, they decided not to do that instead.
Maybe we're just not ready for online-only yet.
That's, that's probably true.
I mean, especially when, you know, you can't, it would look really stupid to have one article
come out about Sony PlayStation 4 to be online-only right next to the article that comes out and
says Comcast finally firms up their plan on how to enforce their bandwidth caps and starting
at 300 gigs.
Or even better.
It's like Sony puts out online-only consoles.
Servers for online console are being throttled.
No one can play anything on their console.
Fantastic.
But if you buy the special Xfinity version, then it won't count against your cap.
Comcast subsidized two-year agreement.
I'm telling you.
I mean, seriously, if it goes online-only, hey, guess what?
Guess what, console makers?
Here's a little, little fact for you.
You know we don't have to buy consoles.
You know there are things called PCs that are open platforms that, oh my god, there's
not these fucking restrictions on.
I mean, they may be on certain games, but guess what, we don't play those games.
So no one's forcing us to buy these consoles.
Well, it's funny you bring up PC games because Diablo III is one of the big PC games, of
course, in the world right now.
And as you know, they've been having quite a few issues.
You know, especially launch day was really bad.
It got a little better for a little bit, but just within the past couple days before we're
taping this show.
Unfortunately, there's been more Error 37s, the auction house has been delayed, and so
on.
Well, one country is taking this shit seriously, and it's Korea.
The Korean Federal Trade Commission-
They take their Diablo series, they take all their Blizzard games seriously.
Like when I say seriously, like no joke, the Federal Trade Commission in Korea raided Blizzard's
Seoul office earlier this week.
That's, you know, South Korea.
Because of consumer claims-
And those WoW subscriptions were expensive, but man, that they're collecting souls now?
That's just ridiculous.
Stop it.
Uh, Blizzard apparently refused to refund Diablo III to Korean players who should have
been eligible after consumer complaints.
The FTC thinks that Blizzard is violating Korean law on electronic commerce and commercial
contracts.
They're trying to gather evidence and so forth related to this raid.
Korean players are frustrated with the server issues happening in Diablo III and asking
for refunds.
The user denied it, saying contract terms.
You know that whole little thing that you scroll through real quick and agree to play
the game?
Yeah, that's contract.
Um, the FTC is considering these terms to not be good to the player base, as you can
imagine.
Quote, we have received many complaints from Diablo III users.
So just like people here complain to the government, it's happening in Korea too, and they raided
the office.
Well, I always have a problem with those contracts, if you will, anyways, because I'm not presented
that contract before I purchase the item.
It's like, I get this sprung upon me once I open the box and try and install and play
the game.
At that point, it's like, too fucking late, haha, you either agree to this or you get
nothing.
Um, now, one very interesting note I want to share is, according to the Korea Times,
the FTC is investigating if Blizzard should be liable for its ill preparation in regards
to player traffic.
I don't know if I've ever heard anything like that before.
That's interesting.
Basically, that Blizzard could be responsible for not being prepared for how big their game
was going to be.
I don't know why, but I find that fucking fascinating.
And I think that they should be liable, because they had a beta, they knew how much traffic
was going to be in there, and they need to have enough servers, and they didn't.
I mean, come on.
You're telling me that you don't realize how many copies of your game are out there?
You know how many copies you printed, and you're just assuming that not everyone's going
to be online at the same time.
Which was a dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb thing to do.
You need to expect the worst case scenario.
You need to have those extra servers.
Stop trying to cut costs.
Because, you know what, you didn't have to make this an online only fucking game.
That's your fault.
Now, um, you know, looking ahead here, if something were to happen, and let's say the
game gets pulled in Korea or something, it's not actually the worst case scenario for Blizzard,
because the real money auction house already doesn't exist in Asia, and I believe that
was also because of Korea.
I wouldn't let them do it.
So, um, it's still one to watch, though.
This is kind of unprecedented.
So I'm very curious to see what comes of this.
If anything, this could also just be, you know, for headlines, and, you know, to let
everybody know we are not messing around, people.
This could just end up being a big slap on the wrist and negative press.
Who knows?
There's no such thing as negative press.
There's only press.
Interesting way to look at it.
Well, it's true.
I know.
What about press with a negative slant?
What about Lee press-on-nails?
Ew.
Tacky.
In more ways than one.
Well, speaking of tacky, Konami, bitches, so, how many of us were led to believe that
the Silent Hill HD Collection was a port?
They were porting and then rescanning and redoing voices and stuff.
Up to the part with the fog?
Yeah, I kind of thought that.
Well, it was actually not ported from the final version of the game.
It was ported from incomplete source code.
They actually lost the source codes for the Silent Hill games.
The missing source code parts were replaced with frog DNA, and that's how they got Jurassic
Park.
Well, here is what the producer Tom Hewlett had to say.
We got all the source code that Konami had on file, which in turn wasn't the final release
of the games.
So during the debug, we didn't just have to deal with the expected porting bugs, but also
had to squash some bugs that the original team obviously removed prior to release that
we had never seen before.
So it looks like they just were working with what was left over.
It was sort of like what you do when you've got left over spaghetti, but you don't have
enough to make a full meal out of it.
So you like make a sandwich or something out of your spaghetti.
A spaghetti sandwich?
I've done it.
Wow.
I was in college.
You know what, ladies and gentlemen?
I don't think any other gaming podcast in the history of ever would compare Silent Hill
HD to a spaghetti sandwich, but there you go.
They're both terrible.
I don't know.
Spaghetti sandwiches.
Cold spaghetti sandwich on sourdough bread is actually okay.
Just saying, just saying.
It's like kind of like a sloppy joe with noodles.
Subway sells meatball sandwiches.
That's the other half.
They're not very good either.
I was going to say, though, that that's the problem.
That's why we had all the issues, because they used frog DNA instead of fog DNA.
You know, there's no fog in there because they didn't use the right DNA.
You didn't say the magic word, uh, uh, uh.
Well, the other thing, the other quote in here was saying, um, and this is actually
pretty funny.
I'm going to read this.
Okay.
A lot of issues such as textures and sound had to be taken out of the compiled game.
And that brings with it a host of unique issues, especially when taken on top of the tricky
coding workarounds that play in the original games.
We certainly had our hands full.
I think at one point Heather was blue.
La la la la la la la la la la killing pyramid had wrong game.
Well, if you can't cut it, then don't make the game.
But there's deadlines and investors and stuff.
Angry internets.
I mean, if, if people have decompiled, because you know, people have decompiled the, um,
release versions of the games, why couldn't they just do the same thing?
Well I look at shit like that Sonic HD that like outdid Sonic for episode one and I kind
of go, they did it without the original source code.
Yeah.
No.
All right.
This street, wasn't the streets of rage HD collection done with completely original programming?
Uh, yeah.
There was that fan one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So those are all both like 2d stuff.
And then once again, this wasn't necessarily something that they needed to make.
They had put these games out before.
Why did they feel compelled?
Oh, I know money because they wanted quick, but we're also, I'm glad I didn't buy it.
We're honestly, where did they put the source code?
Like you would think that kind of stuff goes, uh, smuggled it out in his butt, clearly.
He left Konami and took it with him or, I mean, I guess a drive could get demagnetized
or something, but I mean, how do you lose source code?
That's why you make back ups.
Someone could find it on eBay.
Did you check behind the couch?
I'm going to look online.
Silent Hill source code.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some, uh, release dates for games coming to
a store near you that are hopefully finished.
Well, there's never a guarantee anymore.
I mean, considering that, you know, the amount of patches and stuff that we get, but this
week we've gotten a few things.
Um, nothing terribly exciting, starting off with, uh, inversion on PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360.
It's like a third person shooter, but you can manipulate gravity.
And then of course Madagascar 3, tying in the new movie that's on PlayStation 3, Xbox
360, Wii, 3DS and DS.
Um, the new play control stuff is being re-released.
We've got the Mario Power Tennis on the Wii, which is a port of the GameCube game.
And then Pikmin 2, because Pikmin 2 never came out over here for some reason.
One of those, oh hey, we localized this game, but oh, we forgot to release it in the other
territory.
That whole new play control thing, right?
It just, well yeah, it came out like a couple in 2009.
We should put out a game on the Wii.
No, it's, it's seriously, hey, hey.
You know that the Wii's just like a GameCube.
We could take GameCube games and we'll add the Wii controls to it.
Yes, you kind of have to add the Wii controls to it because there are no GameCube controls.
In fact, that's actually a guarantee on some of the new consoles because there's no GameCube
controller ports.
Or backwards compatibility anymore.
Or backwards compatibility, yes, very true.
Um, so there's a, oh, oh, oh, and if you're a Sims 3 fan, Jamie.
I lost count.
The Sims 3 Katy Perry Sweet Treats pack.
Ew!
Mark Katy Perry!
Just in time for the movie.
I have actually officially stopped playing Sims 3.
Because they never, every time they would release it, they would never work out how
to get it to not have the crappy slowdown issue with your add-ons and stuff.
You know what this calls for?
Katy Perry Simlish music!
That was a good video.
That sounds about the same.
I honestly can't tell it's different.
It actually is a cute little video.
She's not a, oh, I forget it.
I need to stop shading.
Alright, and that's, I kid you not, that's literally it.
Unless you count Max Payne 3, which, you know, technically for us is coming out tomorrow,
but it would have been out on Friday, yeah.
Alright.
On PC.
Let's travel to Japan and check out the release dates over there.
Not a whole lot to get excited about, but there's a couple games here and there.
On the Playstation 3, Tokyo Jungle comes out this week, and I'm not sure exactly what this
game is.
It sounds like a zombie game.
Fucking amazing is what it is.
Is it?
It is awesome.
Let's see, the description here.
Humans disappeared from Tokyo all of a sudden, oh, so it's like 28 days later, leaving the
animals to fend for themselves.
Play the game as various animals in this apocalyptic scene.
Learn to hunt, gather, and mark territory?
Pee.
Game of the year!
No, I'm serious, this is fucking amazing.
You need to watch this.
You play by pee?
Right now.
Okay, I will watch this right now if it will load properly.
This is Africa good.
Africa good.
Africa.
Well, where is it?
Just type in YouTube, just type the game's title into YouTube, you'll find it.
Hey, Tokyo Jungle.
Where did you hear about this?
From them talking about Tokyo Jungle.
Is this coming out here?
No, but at least I don't think it is.
It very well could.
I posted actually a thing on Twitter about it, because they were talking about, you know,
like dogs and stuff like that, you know, pomeranes.
You get to be a pomeranian?
Yes, you can be a pomerane.
Oh.
This is a stinkin' add-on.
Let's wait for this.
Boo.
Buy me 30 seconds.
So anyways, yeah, they have pomeranians, they have like wolves you can play as, like, you
know, horses, cows, and they have different rabbits.
Can you be a fox?
I think you can be a fox, you might be able to.
And then, the best part about it is you unlock costumes for them, so you can get an elephant
and roller skates, and you can dress them up.
But it's a ridiculous looking game, I mean, it's just...
I need this game.
It's just crazy.
Okay, anyways, so now...
Here we go.
All right, Tokyo Jungle.
It is by Sony.
Or published by Sony.
Oh, it's Japan Studio, okay.
Crispies!
How many freakin' publishers...
Okay.
Okay, so we just see, like, an abandoned city.
Tokyo.
Tokyo.
Dog.
I wasn't a dog, I was, like, a panther person.
This is really terrible radio, y'all.
I'm trying to remember, there was Akotaku, there was it, and I think it was today, there
was a video on there.
Tokyo Jungle.
All right, now it should be, come on, kick into gear, show me the peeing.
I want to see some dogs peeing.
Lions, and bulldogs, and gazelles, and beagles.
Wow, you're...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what the fuck was that?
It was a dog in a freakin' sumo outfit.
No, that was, like, a...
That looked like a Native American dress thing.
No, look at the big rope behind it, see?
It's got, um...
Oh, it is.
Those are, uh, from Shinto shrines.
Shrines.
That's, like...
Actually, it's just like an Ainu, look at the robe.
He's like the Lion King, but a dog.
He's the Doggin King.
Giraffes.
The hell game.
Cow.
Dude, I want to be...
I want to fight between...
Panda bears killing each other.
That was a brown bear and a panda bear.
That's pandemonium.
Chicken, chickies, and piggies.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Did we see...
Those two dogs were about to mount each other.
Okay.
Where the fuck is this game?
I will import this shit if I have to.
This looks astoun...
This looks amazing.
Are they going to show this at E3 next week?
I don't know.
That would be hilarious.
Rob, let's get this game, since there's no region coding.
Animal dance.
Animal dance.
Da da da da da da da da.
Animal dance.
Like, they could set the trailer to that music.
It would be amazing.
No, you know what they should set it to?
What?
Um, Gilda Radner.
Let's talk Geordi to the animals.
This is the new President Cat, as far as I'm concerned.
Let's face it, y'all.
President Cat ain't happening.
Now, I want Tokyo Jungle.
I posted a link on my Twitter.
It was today.
All right.
The story is, like, in Tokyo, little dogs are the king of the jungle, and it's basically
talking about...
It's the commercial, I guess, I think, for the game.
But yeah, it's seriously awesome.
All right.
So yeah, that is now one to kind of keep your eye on, is Tokyo Jungle.
I want...
Oh, man.
Watch.
That'll be like...
Oh, Vida.
That'll be in the corner of the Sony booth somewhere, like, some poor intern doesn't
even know anything about the game and has to show it, and it's just, oh, my gosh.
Africa.
Africa.
But that's what Africa should have been.
That was Africa with killing.
Tokyo.
Tokyo Jungle.
On the PlayStation Vida, Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Battle Destiny, and a Hello Kitty game.
Hello Kitty Tohiso Block Crash 5, but let's be real.
You're all waiting for June 14th when Persona 4 comes out on the Vida.
Let's just be real right there, exactly.
Moving on, lastly, to the Xbox 360.
No, nothing until Lollipop Chainsaw on the 14th.
I want to play that.
It does look pretty awesome, huh?
All right, let's move on to the UK.
On June 5th, Madagascar 3, the video game.
I was having to do my...
I should do my riff raff voice.
Master...
No.
On June 6th, we have Virtual Fighter V Final Showdown, and June 8th, Dungeon Bowl, which
I have no idea what it's about, but hey, it's got a neat name.
Chair of Swords for PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
I'm sorry.
Game of Boring.
I mean, Thrones.
Chair of Swords.
And Rayman Origins.
Chair of Swords.
All right, just a few more stories for you guys.
I did see one cool thing having to do with that show.
What?
We're sitting on the throne.
Just a few more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So there are a couple court cases resolved themselves this week.
Epic has one lawsuit against Silicon Knights.
As you may remember, Silicon Knights was complaining that Unreal Engine is too hard to program
in.
That's why two humans sucked.
It wasn't because we can't make a good game.
And they lost.
So they owe now $4.45 million to Epic, and yeah.
Of course, they are disappointed with the outcome, Silicon Knights, and they're going
to appeal, because it can never end.
And then finally, Activision is also expected back in court again, because Judge has okayed,
no doubt, to continue their lawsuit for their appearance in Band Hero.
You may remember that they claimed the agreement was that they would sing their songs as their
characters, because they have themselves in the game.
However, you can sing anybody's songs with anybody's characters, and so some people took
offense to that.
And so now they apparently can file their lawsuit.
I keep feeling like every few months we hear that that lawsuit has slowly progressed.
Well, I mean, dude, it was originally filed in 2009.
It's been a long time.
Our justice system at work.
Moving on, the Wii U.
More rumors just ahead of E3.
Any day now we'll see if this is true or not, but why not?
We'll engage these rumors, because it's from NeoGaf, so clearly it's true.
But hey, you never know.
You never know.
Some people laughed at some of the things we've posted before, and they ended up being
true, so who knows?
Plus, most of this sounds plausible.
So here's the latest features in the latest dev kit.
Video chat available, but it must be from the main menu of the system, not while playing
a game.
That seems plausible.
Voice commands available.
Why not?
Facial recognition, similar to the Xbox Kinect.
I don't know how well that works, even on the Kinect, and it's something I never use.
And they can technically do it on the DSi and all that, so I mean, yeah, it'll be there,
but it's not going to have a point.
The ability to suspend games, similar to the 3DS.
That'd be cool, and I don't see why not, because they can do that on the Vita, too.
Yeah, duh to that.
Ability to share achievements with friends by sending videos or screenshots with drawings
on them.
That would be pretty cool.
That could make the internet a lot more fun, if you think about it.
The TTP possibilities with that are quite quick.
Yeah, so that could-
Achievement, penis!
Imagine that the game, right up to you getting the achievement, actually takes a video, not
just of your feeding game, but also video of your face.
Like Burnout.
You remember that Burnout game that would show video of you?
So basically it's Pikura.
This could be interesting.
Other interesting one, I want to know if you think this is plausible.
Watch a friend play online.
Well they kind of have that with spectating, but not all games support that, like on Xbox
360, so maybe.
Why not?
It would definitely seem the technology's there, and people are doing it with Ustream
and Twitch TV and all this stuff.
People are just sitting there watching other people play games.
It would be cool, I mean, I don't know, maybe.
It'd be interesting.
And lastly, multitasking.
For example, keep a text or video walkthrough open from the site while playing the game.
Swap back and forth as needed.
Can't you do that already with the, well you can on the Vita, I don't remember if you can
do that on the 3DS.
You sort of can.
You can't like have the internet and your game going.
Because those are two different applications, but you can have your game going and then
you can like, I don't, there's not a lot you can do with the game suspended, I don't think.
Because you really, like if you launch anything else, it says, you can go look at your friends
list.
On the 3DS.
And your notifications.
That's about it.
You can.
Because you can like open stuff, as long as you're not trying to run two games at the
same time.
I can see that it's possible, also with the other screen, maybe, you know, have a walkthrough
on there.
Could be.
So I, hey, if this is all true, especially kind of like the video screenshot drawing
stuff, that's the kind of stuff that I would like Nintendo to surprise us with.
That would make me go, oh okay, maybe they do get online.
So we'll see.
Of course this could just all be fan wank and come visit my website.
Well, and the other thing too, is I don't know how much of this they would actually
be talking about at E3, you know what I mean?
That's a lot of bullet points for stuff.
Oh well, I think all that would come to light in the press announcements or the behind the
scenes, like it's not gonna be at the keynote, but it would, you'd see it behind the scenes.
A lot of that stuff tends to come out of interviews and stuff and sites going in asking the questions,
is this true, is this true?
You know, and some of the stuff they read on the internet.
So.
Alright, well, enough of all this new fangled Wii U drawing penises on your achievement
stuff, let's go back to a time when games were a little bit simpler.
Take a trip down memory lane with a classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer's gonna step into the vault and pull out one game that she thinks, hey, play
this.
Or GTFO.
We didn't have GTFO when I was little, it was get off my lawn.
Here it is, your classic game of the week.
It's Guitar Freaks, wow, is a music game by Konami where you use a guitar.
That should just be all there is to know, but let's go a bit further than that.
Basically it's mostly rock and J-pop.
It's seriously, even every source that you look at is gonna say, oh, that's what led
to Guitar Hero, even though they tried to deny it in my living room that it was because
of Guitar Freaks.
Now it's on its 19th version, Guitar Freaks V8, which came out March 28th, 2011.
And it is said to be the final release of Guitar Freaks V.
There will be a spinoff, Guitar Freaks XG, actually, well, there was one that came out
in Japanese arcades on March 10th, 2010.
Add two more buttons, add it to the fret bar instead of the three.
And there is a sequel called Guitar Freaks XG2 that came out March 9th, 2011.
So the controller looks kind of like a Fender Jazzmaster or a Fender Mustang.
It has three buttons, red, green, and blue.
And it has a pick lever so that you also have a knob that you can use as an effector and
it'll add like chorus and delay effects to your guitar.
Anyway, so it really plays a lot like a reverse pop music or reverse BeatMania 2DX where everything
scrolls very DDR style, you know, from bottom to top, except it uses the bars and you have
to use your strum lever while you hold the appropriate colored button.
And you can pull your bar back when you see a little guitar flashing on the screen and
you get a wailing bonus.
And in some cases you even have hidden things that you can play that will populate this
new, I'm glad you picked that song because that's like one of the best songs ever.
It'll populate a, what's the word I'm thinking of, oh yeah, a new series of items to play
on the screen.
I was actually very distracted because Rob picked Fire, you should play a little bit
of that.
Cool.
My husband and I would play the crap out of this song.
So anyway, basically your life is powered by your...
Wait a minute, this is somebody who edited Fire to be the Mega Man song, that's not the
song.
No, but I meant, that's not the song.
That actually is kind of rad though.
Yeah, well I knew it sounded wrong, but I like it.
Alright, let me find the real Fire.
Find the real Fire, because real Fire is good.
Although it sounds very MIDI like.
That is pretty awesome.
See there's the right one.
Yeah this is it.
This is the full version.
That's fine.
Let me get to where the guitar is.
I like the...
I can totally hear where somebody heard the Mega Man song in that though.
Yeah.
Anyway, your scoring depends on how accurate you are with hitting low key.
You have perfect, great, good, poor, and miss.
Ratings of poor and miss will deplete your group gauge, perfect and great will replenish
it.
If your group gauge is empty completely, you fail, and the game is over.
Um, to determine how the cabinet is set up, you have one to five songs, and you can earn
additional songs in some versions of the game like a bonus.
You also have session link, which would hook up the Guitar Freaks with the Dramania, and
basically you have like a little band set up.
But back in the day, we had Super Session.
I miss this so much.
So do I.
There were only two versions of Guitar Freaks and Dramania that had Super Session.
It hooked up with the Keyboard Mania third mix, and that worked with Guitar Freaks fifth
Dramania fourth, and Guitar Freaks sixth Dramania fifth.
And you only have like a handful of songs that you could play on the Super Session,
but they were freaking cool.
Like um, what was the one that we would always, always play that was um, I could not tell
you of this, this far after.
The one that had a really cool drum beat um, Right On Time, that was it.
Wow.
We would always play Right On Time.
That's amazing, you remember that.
I actually just listened to that song the other day, but I had the Japanese version
of it, so anyway.
Um, so yeah, there's something like over 500 songs available for Guitar Freaks because
there's been so many versions, thank you Rob.
And uh, this is Right On Time, the drum, when you play this in the uh, medium mode, it was
just like constant.
I could do it for a while, and remember those calluses I had on my hands from playing the
damn drum, because we would buy our own drumsticks, and use our own drumsticks.
Um, but um, as far as the different versions of them, I don't even know if I have time
to list them all because there's so many.
Yeah, let's not.
Well, I'll put it this way.
Fuck tons.
We've been everything, we've had regular mixes up to 11th, and then there was an 8th mix
of power-up versions, we've had V2, V3, V4, Rock X Rock, or Rock X Cross Rock, V5, Rock
to Infinity, V6 Blazing, XG, V7, XG2, Groove to Live, V8, XG3 that came out February 2012,
Guitar Freaks V4 and V2 Infinity that were, um, uh, looks like, uh, European releases.
So there's just been all kinds of different versions, and also, um, for, uh, the Drummania
ones over in, um, other countries they were called Percussion Freaks, just saying.
So that's it.
I still was waiting for Sax Maniacs.
Someday.
Someday.
Don't give up hope.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Guitar Freaks, originally in the arcade, but eventually on the Playstation in Japan.
And uh, clearly part of the inspiration for Guitar Hero, because again, Red Octane, who
funded the original Guitar Hero, used to make, used to make, uh, those controllers for Guitar
Freaks, which had five buttons on them at one point, which Guitar Freaks never had five
buttons, and everybody was like, why are they putting out five button controllers?
XG has it now, ew.
Alright.
Anyhow, um, we were gonna go right into rapid fire news, I think in light of the power outage
a couple weeks ago, I think I should save what we've done so far, so let's do a quick
in-studio break, we'll be right back with more Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, not live, on this June the 3rd of 2012, but
psst, it's a radio trick, we're taping on May 31st a few days beforehand, but uh, thanks
to those of you that showed up to chat along with the show anyway at vognetwork.com, and
we will be back live next week, June the 10th of 2012, and podcast folks, hey, you got another
show this week, so, enjoy, even though it'll be a little bit shorter tonight, because we're
missing the live interaction, and just, since it's earlier in the week, there's not as much
to talk about, but hey, we do still have plenty of news, including tonight's rapid fire news,
which Loki's gonna start us off with.
Yes, there is a new Ratchet & Clank game announced, it will also be, well actually, it's only
gonna be released on the Playstation Network, kind of like what they did with the second
Ratchet & Clank game, or no, there's like a middle Ratchet & Clank game, like the second
and the third one was out on the consoles, but it's Ratchet & Clank Full Frontal Assault,
and it's coming this fall.
All those Ratchet & Clank games have kind of suggestive names, don't they?
Yeah, I mean, the last one that was released only on the Playstation Network was Ratchet
& Clank Future Quest for Booty, so, I don't know, but yeah, it looks interesting, if you're
a Ratchet.
Did they find the booty?
They probably did, of course, it's been rumored for a while that Battlefield 3 is gonna try
to pull Call of Duty Elite and come out with their own service, and they have, it actually
leaked out, and then they finally announced it, well actually, no, I believe it leaked
out and they, I don't know if they've confirmed it or whatever, but what ended up happening
is there's this Battlefield 3 premium service, it's gonna cost you 50 bucks, and includes
five themed expansion packs, some of which have already been announced, and actually
one that's already out, back to Carcland, which was a pre-order bonus if you bought
the game, and then of course the Close Quarters DLC, which I think is out, or it's coming
out, no, it's coming out next week, on June 4th, and then they have, let's see, Armored
Kill, Aftermath, and Endgame are the next three as well, and apparently you're gonna
get exclusive weapons and also two weeks access early to said packs as well of other unique
in-game items if you pay 50 bucks.
I don't know, it seems like they're trying to copy what they're doing with Call of the
Elite, and of course they're gonna want to do that because, if it works, if the shoe
fits, they made quite a bit of money, but originally it came out, it was on the European
PlayStation Network store, and then it got pulled, but, you know, once it's on the internet,
that's right, screenshots, so, alright, well moving on, if you want to get some good games
and do some good, there's always the Humble Indie Bundle available at HumbleBundle.com,
and you know, every time one of these bundles comes out, the internet blows up with, best
one yet, well, the fifth one, Humble Indie Bundle 5, was just announced today, and guess
what, best one yet, I already bought it, like for real, like, okay, here's the deal, Psychonauts,
Limbo, Superbrothers, Sword and Sorcery, EP, and Amnesia are all available, and if you
pay above the average price, you get Bastion, which, you know, all, there's tons of great
games, every single one of those games is something, got it for five dollars and sixty
cents to get Bastion, I'm sure that the average price is way higher, I've already got most
of those, yeah, I know, I have Amnesia, but you know what, it's not just about being able
to get the games cheap, but that you are doing some good, because the money doesn't just
go to the developers, but it goes to, if you want, again, you get to choose how you divvy
up the money, it goes to the Humble Indie Bundle, or Child's Play Charity EFF, so if
you want, you can plunk down fifteen bucks, give it all to Child's Play Charity, and say
to everybody else, none for you, buy, and that's how, you know, you divvy up the money.
Right now, as of the taping of the show, the minimum is seven dollars and fifty-one cents,
I imagine that's gonna climb closer to ten bucks by the time, it's still worth it, shit,
these games together, easily worth sixty, for, honestly, the price of a regular retail
game, why not? So, if you're feeling charitable, or shit, you just want some good games, head
over to HumbleBundle.com, again, it's been, it's been out for one day, already up to one
hundred and eighty-seven thousand, one hundred and, this number's just climbing, forty-six,
eight, fifty, just keeps climbing, I imagine by the time Sunday rolls around, they'll easily
be at a half million. Easily. Easy. So, Humble Indie Bundle 5. Uh, we kinda mentioned this
already earlier in the show, but, if you missed it, Game Informer Magazine is teasing, in
the shadows, a new Gears of War, apparently to be on the July issue of their magazine,
obviously, if this is, you know, what it is, it could be Gears of War 4, it could be a
Gears of War spin-off game, it's a prequel, so, just like pre-Gears of War. It's a prequel,
Gears of Battle. It's a prequel because of spoilers regarding the main characters, so.
I see, okay. There, there, there cannot be a sequel with the main character. Well, that,
it doesn't, whoever said it had to be the main character, it could be the main, look,
in one of the Mass Effect games, it's Phoenix, they kill Shepard and bring him back, and
that's not a spoiler because that's in the very beginning of the game, Mass Effect 2,
so anything is possible, you know? I always love when people say, oh no, they can't do
it, it's a prequel. Time travel and shit, they can do whatever they want, look what
they did with Star Trek, for fuck's sake. It's another Gears of War game. They found
a way to maybe bring Con back, although they swear up and down it's not gonna happen. Whatever,
it's another Gears of War game. Alright, well whatever it is, it's coming soon, as in E3
soon. Alright, moving on, Dark Sakura. Um, yeah. Some more stuff, how about Spy Hunter?
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. Well, I was playing that
on my iPad, actually, the Spy Hunter, which, the control sucks, because it's no steering
wheel, you have to tilt your iPad. Well, um, basically it's a reboot on the handhelds,
it's basically super spy racing type game. Ooh. Um, basically you are the, uh, the spy,
and you have to go catch bad guys. And you do that in a fast vehicle, and you destroy
enemy vehicles. Your car is called the G-6155 Interceptor, which is, uh, supposed to transform
from a supercar to offer an assault vehicle to a speedboat. So, you can, uh, go hunt and
capture those nasty, nasty spies. But the real question is, did they license the theme
from Peter Gunn, because if not, forget it. Uh, they have the theme in the, um, a remix
dubstep of the, oh god. Dubstep is evil. Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo. Anyways, Bingdom by Warner Brothers Interactive, um, and, uh, yeah. It's
supposed to be on 3DS and PS Vita in the fall. You know. What do dubstep and downtown Julie
Brown have in common. Wubba wubba. Wubba wubba wubba! So Capcom has registered a trademark
for a potential game called Remember Me. We don't really know anything else about that
except that it was filed on May 22nd this year, in both the US and Europe. So maybe
this will be something at E3? Who knows? Who cares? It could be the subtitle to another
game too, right? It may not necessarily be a standalone game. Maybe. Remember Me, the
sensible Capcom, they put out regular games that were fun and people liked buying them
and we didn't have download content that was on disk. Remember Me, sensible Capcom? Well,
I'm gone forever. And now it's time for a joke that nobody but maybe two of our listeners
will get. Actually, you know what I was distracted by, Rob? A story about this guy eating his
roommate's brain and heart. Ew, that's like that grody old, have you read about all that
crap coming out of Canada? That doesn't happen in Canada. The guy eating faces in Florida,
but if I lived in Florida I'd probably go crazy too. What is wrong with humanity right
now? This guy was in Maryland, I think he was too close to the capitol. Is it the moon?
Is it that big moon going on causing people to eat people's faces? Well, it's always something
like that. Asteroid, moon, virus, Wednesday, I don't know, it causes zombies. But the guy
was turned in actually by his dad. People stop being ridiculous. Oh, that guy in Canada
got caught finally? No, no, this guy named Alexander Kinyua ate his roommate's heart
and brain and his dad found him with the head and hands in a bucket in his basement. His
dad turned him in. Do not Google that guy who they want in Canada because you'll read
all these stories about it. He didn't just do fucked up things to humans and you will
get mad. You will get mad. Allegedly, I have to say allegedly. But there was a guy in Japan
who killed a couple of women and ate them and now he's a celebrity and does tours. What?
Serious. And no evidence. It's gone. He wrote. That sounds like the plot of natural born
killers. Did you ever see that? No, that was Robert Downey Jr. back when he was on drugs.
I'll find the guy's name. But he he he did it like 30 years ago and now he like goes
around doing tours about what it's like to eat people. That's totally sounds like the
plot to natural born killers. All right. Ayo. Moving on. I need some happiness and cheerfulness.
So let's look at video games. Loki. I got his name. No, I don't want it. His name is
Issei Sagawa. Send it back. You know, there's nothing more happier and cheerful than Doom
3. Doom 3 is getting the HD treatment for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC. And not only
are you getting Doom 3 with HD graphics, extra levels, 3D support. They even have head mounted
display support, which I'm not really sure there's that many head mounted displays out
there. I know that apparently John Carmack made one and it had duct tape on it. Here's
the thing. John Carmack has one. So that's why it's in the game. Oh, yeah. So he's supporting
it. And yeah, Doom one and two are also included and it's supposed to be out this fall. So
that's kind of cool, I guess. I mean, here's another awesome question. Why Doom 3? Because
just because maybe it was kind of over, I don't want to say it was overlooked, but it
certainly didn't have that same cultural grab that the first two did. Well, Doom 3, because
they are new game rage bombed. Why not Quake 3? Well, Quake 3 was Quake. It's basically
Quake Live now. Yeah, Quake Live, which I think, don't they have Quake 3 on Xbox Live Arcade?
They do, you're right, they do. I actually have it. And technically they're releasing
Quake, well they actually are releasing Quake 4 again. Really? Quake 4 wasn't very good.
On Xbox 360. That was one of the launch titles for 360, remember that? Yeah, here's the thing
I want to kind of know about it though, is remember, the launch title, and hopefully
you can find it dirt cheap now, it, I mean the game wasn't very good, but it came with
Quake 2 on another disc. Which was good. That's right. The even, the even numbered Quakes,
it's like the opposite of Star Trek, the even numbered Quakes are not very good. Quake 2
was pretty good. It wasn't a fan. Quake 3 was great. Compared to 1 and 3, I mean 3 was
like the best. Ascii Quake, Rob. It's only gonna be 20 bucks, it's supposed to be coming
out in like two weeks. Well that's pretty awesome. Or you can buy one of the original
copies for probably like 5 bucks, and get it now. Alright. Well if you're not into first
person shooters, maybe you're into first person role playing games, and one of the biggest
ones out there right now is Skyrim, and guess what, finally an expansion coming, we don't
know exactly when yet, but we do finally have a title. This is one of those like, pre-E3
leaks where the companies try to get a jump on all that press coverage that's gonna be,
you know, cause everybody's fighting for time during E3 week. Like literally, I mean things
get brutal during E3 week, like literally there's invites out there that are telling
people, hey cancel your meeting and come to our booth. Like, really? That's how desperate
people are to get seen at E3. So some people get the jump on it. So Bethesda leaked the
trailer for Skyrim Dawnguard, the expansion, a little bit early. And you know there's a
whole trailer out there that doesn't really say a whole lot except that there's gonna
be a crossbow weapon, which we kinda already knew from some of the patch things. What is
this? You can turn into a bunch of bats, so there's a vampire theme going on, which was
already in the game, right? You can already be a vampire, but this actually shows like
you can transform into like a giant bat thing and like fly, like kind of a really weird
No no no no no no no bat thing. You know, bat thing, I don't know. You know, once again
though the graphics, you know, look pretty good cause it's all in the, you know, Skyrim
engine which looked good to begin with. Here's the somewhat bummer, if you were playing this
on the Playstation 3 like I was or the PC like Alan was, you're shit out of luck cause
this is coming to the Xbox 360 first for 1600 Microsoft points, that's 20 bucks in real
money soon, as in this summer soon. 30 days later is when the rest of us can play it because
Microsoft basically sold their soul to get this and so can you in the expansion to Skyrim.
Because Microsoft gives it up better. So, I like the little castle on fire, the little
like dark castle looking thing. It's like the little obsidian portal in Minecraft, but
prettier. Uh, Loki, you played way more Skyrim than I did, what's your interest level in
this? I'm interested in it, um, I'm not as excited as before, you know, cause I was like
oh I'm gonna get whatever expansion they put out, but like it has to do with vampires.
I haven't really done anything with vampires, I've been just trying to make sure I don't
turn into a vampire because it's lame. Um, not because of Twilight, but I just don't
want to be a vampire or a werewolf in the game. I like that horse that was on fire though.
I like that map. But, we'll see. That glowing electron. Oh I think that was the Elder Scrolls.
Um, you know what though, when you said that you were interested in that it totally made
me think of Alucard. I'm interested in this. That is kinda, it does look like you can play
as Alucard in this. That would be cool. I would play Skyrim if I could be Alucard. I
just wish. You can name your character Alucard. I mean, it would be really impossible for
them to add it later on cause it's such a rewrite of code, but I just want, you know,
I know that they have Skyrim, or not Skyrim, Elder Scrolls Online, which is really weird
because it gets lamer and lamer each update that they put out on it. It's like every update
that there is for it, I get less and less interested in this game. But, I really wish
there was just like co-op. Like four player co-op in Skyrim would be fucking awesome.
Alright. Well, this is the part of the show where we'd move into the mailbag segment,
except there's no emails tonight. So, instead we're gonna plug and say, email us! Mailbag
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to email us. And we'll read your email next week. Shirley,
with E3 going on, there's gonna be something that makes you want to email us and have your
voice heard. So, mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. And don't call them Shirley. Alright, let's
get into the FUs of the week. Lack of email makes us angsty. Um, my FD goes to this continuously
not having a voice. So, yeah. Boo. Loki? Um, FU to the fact that I can't go to E3. I kind
of miss going to E3 each year. It's been a couple years now that I haven't been able
to go. Even if it is a lame E3, I still like going and playing this stuff. And my co-worker,
well not my co-worker, my boss and his boss get to go. They go to meetings. It's like,
so what did you go check out at E3? Oh, we didn't even go on the show floor. The fuck
are you doing there then? Oh, I'm going to meetings. Oh, because you can't have meetings.
To be fair. I understand. It is business. No, okay, no. I understand. It's business.
But then they go through like, oh, we went through a couple of booth walkthroughs of
like, like what was it? Last year. I'm trying to think of what they saw last year. It was
something very lame. I don't even remember what it was. It may have been Bethesda. But
yeah, it's just, they waste time there. We would like to display our new game cat butthole.
No, no, no. I do take that back. It is their fault because you know why? Because they only
go down for like one or two days. They miss a day or two of the time there and like, what
the fuck? You could be hitting the show floor. But here's the thing. They don't fucking care
and his boss. I'm sorry. Look, maybe next year, maybe next year. Um, I F you to just
too much to do and not enough time to do it and F you to the fact that I kind of bring
that on myself. So F you to that. That's what you get for procrastinating. It's not even
procrastinating. It's just maybe, maybe I don't know how to say no. And maybe I need
to learn that has nothing to do with this program or vog or anything like that. It's
just other things in life that maybe I need to just say, maybe it's time to stop because
I'm just too damn busy. So what? It is possible to say no. I say it to you all the time. No.
All right. Anyhow, that's it for the F you to the week. Let's get into a few more stories
for you guys before we say good night. Loki. Um, there's rumor that, well, there's always
a rumor that there's going to be an announcement of an, a redesign of the three ds, but, um,
it's actually looking like that it may actually happen this year. Um, and the reason behind
that is Amazon has stopped carrying the three ds. Um, not necessarily that they've stopped
selling it, but they themselves have stopped selling it on the website. It's only available
through third party. Um, you know, providing like, cause you know, like any, anybody can
go on Amazon sell stuff, but there's actually stuff that's sold directly by Amazon and that's
in the U S region. Not only that, but in Japan they also have stopped, um, having the three
ds available. So why do you think they've stopped selling the three ds? Maybe because
there's another three ds coming out. Did somebody report the original three ds is flawed to
Amazon and they stopped selling it. That could have happened too. Maybe. No. So I, well,
what about the new color? I know that's crazy, but weren't they going to discontinue like
blue or something because of the new color pan. They just continue. I'm talking about
all colors, every single color in the U S right now. It will maybe not purple, but everything
Aqua blue, Pearl, pink, um, Cosmo, black and flame red are all being shipped. Um, never
fulfilled by Amazon. In other words, you know, they were doing the shipping, but not sold
by Amazon. Um, so it's interesting. Um, the other thing is, you know, there, the thoughts
are that there's a rumor that they're going to announce monster Hunter for, um, the three
ds coming, you know, this E3 as well for the North American region. All right. I mean,
there's going to be a redesign. It's just when I think it could be this holiday. Uh,
this is pretty shitty is a rumors and fakeness all over the interwebs. And, uh, I, I, I did
want to bring it up though because there was a part of me that went, well, what if square
Unix announced what's going to be at their booth? That part's not a lie. And what I thought
was interesting was completely missing from that list was final fantasy versus 13 because
it's like, shouldn't that fucking game be out by now? Like how long has that been in
development and we've, you know, whatever. So the thought out there is, well, maybe it's
like a secret. Maybe something's happening with it and they're going to show it at one
of the conferences or something. So this crazy ass rumor came out complete with fake footage
that final fantasy versus 13 was renamed to final fantasy 15 to be fair. That part I'd
actually believe. I know a lot of people poo pooing that idea. I'd actually believe that.
I still don't understand how they tie with each other. And you know what? I believe more
that they renamed final fantasy versus 13 to final fantasy 14. What do you mean there
was already a, just shh, but there's already a file fancy for shh. Anyhow, uh, it's just,
and apparently the game was going to be coming to the Wii U. Now people, and I guess it's
because of the footage was, I didn't even watch the footage, but I'm looking at it here.
This like one minute clip here. Oh God, you can just tell that that's an overlaid thing.
But apparently, you know, people are watching this footage or whatever, and then you see
the logo for final fantasy 15 and yeah, it doesn't look too convincing. Um, but it did
kind of make me stop and go, well, why couldn't it be on the Wii U? I mean the Wii U is supposed
to be getting all this other stuff. Here's why they wouldn't put it all only on the Wii
U. It's because we're supposed to be fair with PlayStation three and Wii U like somebody
took out the Xbox logo and put the Wii U logo. They're not going to do that. I mean, come
on. They know, they know that they need to make money on this stuff. They're not going
to cut out the Xbox just because the Wii U, I mean they're, they, they sold plenty of
copies of, you know, final fantasy 13 and 13 two on the Xbox that they're not going
to ignore that 14 was cut for totally different reasons that had to do with the Xbox live
infrastructure rules that were bent from final fantasy 11. Microsoft would not bend on again
because 11 didn't do that well on Xbox. So it, I, they're not going to do that. I'm sorry
if it's anything going to be for the Wii U or even like it's always been their own game
that's been kind of lame on the Wii. So I think if there's anything on the Wii U, it's
going to be another lame Crystal Chronicles game. Same. You never know. Well that if that
whole Wii U being similar to the Game Boy Advance linking to the GameCube, there was
that final fantasy game that was specifically for that setup. So it'd be very easy to make
a sequel to that. Just don't see them doing, I don't, I don't see them coming out with,
cause I've seen like rumors, of course, everybody's making up fucking rumors. I mean, there's,
there's a rumor I read and even open the page because it just looks stupid. They're talking
about, oh, Kingdom Hearts remix. It's going to have all these different characters and
stuff from all these games. It's only going to be on the Wii. I'm like, no, it's not.
They're not going to do that. Could Square be withholding Kingdom Hearts 3? Can I wish?
Can I wish? They've got, they've got plenty of stuff that they're working on right now.
If wishes and musts were buckets of, or no, damn it. If wishes and musts were clusters
of nuts, we'd all have a bowl of granola. I screwed that up the first time. Sorry. It's
a tongue twister. All right, one more story for you guys and then we'll get to the end
of the show cause there's no Skypline tonight cause we're not live, but Dark Saga. Well,
it is official according to Tim Cook with Apple. Um, they don't really care about doing
consoles. They're not interested in doing it right now. Maybe someday, but not now.
They're, I mean, basically they're cool with the little, uh, IOS games. That's cool. In
fact, he says customers love games and this makes me think of bitches love games, you
know, but, um, he goes on a record saying, I'm not interested in being in the console
business and what is thought of as traditional gaming, but Apple is a big player today and
things in the future will only make that bigger. Well, if the rumor is true that they're building
their own TVs and shit, then they can just take the iPad, iPhone stuff over to the TV.
That's their money. It's just not console in the traditional sense. That's all. But
you can't deny it. Apple's a player in gaming right now. They're probably thinking that
they're beyond consoles anyway, so we're bigger than console. Really? Yeah. I mean, Smurfs
village just, you know, puts that gears award a shame. They just, they really don't need
it. I mean this, to be honest, they don't need, I don't want to see Apple do a console.
What they're doing right now is challenging the industry enough. I think, you know, especially
Nintendo, the handheld market, they are, you can't deny that the iPhones and iPads are
breathing a lot of heat on not just the Vita, but the, you know, three DS to the point where
shareholders are calling on Nintendo to put Mario on the iPhone, which is, don't be terrible.
I actually agree. It would be terrible cause the touch controls just wouldn't work. On
a whim. I got mega man two on the iPhone. It is ass. It is the stuff that comes from
the stuff comes out of an ass. You know what they could do though on the iPhone that would
work is, um, like a Zelda game, like they have on the three. Yes. It was all stylist
control. Oh yeah. It worked. It might work, but it's still side. All right, well that
brings us to the end of the show. I checked Twitter earlier and nothing was sent today
and uh, we don't have the Skype line cause we're not live. So that really brings us to
the end of the show. I will ask Loki if there was anything we didn't cover tonight that
he wanted to talk about last minute stories or dark soccer. Oh, you do have one. All right.
Guitar P. It is a guitar P urinal that basically has like little strum bars in it and a big
fret bar coming out of the top that you can pee in it and then you can actually get a
code to download your piece on later. You know what's sad is that as a second time we've
talked about P based games in a month. I, that's why I brought it up. I weep for our
society is apparently a video up of what guitar P sounds like. No thank you. Yeah. Um, yeah,
I do have a few things I was just going to cover real quick. So someone supported super
road blaster to the SNES now super road blaster. Um, or I should say a road blaster, which
was a 1985 laser disc arcade game with animations like full motion video thing like a dragon's
layer or something like that. Um, he's actually created a rom file. That's 6,320 megabits.
Although when you compare that with the largest SMES cartridge, which is like 48 megabits,
it's a little impossible to run without special software. Um, you can actually get a card
or SD, um, to SNES, uh, SD card adapter. They'll allow you to run the game on a physical SNES
and it actually, it works and you can download the rom, which is 118 megs over it. Well,
for a super Nintendo rom, that's huge. Um, and uh, it plays a full motion video and everything.
It's pretty amazing. So that cartridge back in the day probably would have cost about
$900. Yeah. It would have had to be like a super gigantic box. It would be the size of
a constantly the size of the super NAS basically. Um, so they have that, uh, CD project red.
Um, they announced a cyberpunk, um, which is going to be based off the pen and paper
game. And I'm all about, you know, RPGs are like, you know, the cyberpunk stuff. So that
looks pretty cool. I do have a late tweet. We got a tweet just now, uh, or I should say
an hour ago, but that was, uh, while we were in the middle of the show. So here's a question
from Oscar who sent a legit question for the show tonight. So we need to entertain it here.
Oscar tweets us at twitter.com slash O L R asking tweet for the show. What is a game that frustrated
you like no other, a game that frustrated you like no other puzzle and Dessu was one.
Why is that? Just cause some of the puzzles get really hard and fast. I mean, it was just
a pain. And then, um, shoot at something that actually will fractal actually for a little
while was getting me super frustrated because, um, I'm on the part now where you have splits
in weird places and um, it'll like completely mess up. You're trying to get your blooms.
So it's pretty fucked up. And a few, um, games with puzzles in them, few puzzles. For me,
super meat boy, let me put it this way. Alan used to like ask me to play super meat boy
cause he used to giggle when I would get really frustrated with the game. Like it was some
type of satisfaction for him. So, uh, definitely super meat boy. But that's the whole point
of that game is to get frustrated and want to throw the controller. Loki. Um, VVVVV.
Oh God. Yes. Oh my God. I know what the, here's the thing is I played that game without downloading
on steam and then I just now download it on steam. I can't import my safe. I'm like, fuck
that. You can actually copy it, copy it directly out of the safe folder. I hope so. Cause I
Not fucking doing that again
On the on the 3ds. I'm just stuck in one level that I'm never gonna get past
It's when that little asshole is following you and you can't get him killed either
I finished all that but I have one more like little shiny object thing to get and it's just like
No, I'm no I'm not doing it quit
Quit I don't care all right. There's the tweet. Sorry any other stories Loki
um yeah retro city rampage speaking of super meat boy has this cool little trailer that they put out for a
Game within the game called the virtual meat boy. It's done like virtual the virtual boy, but you're playing as meat boy
Oh, that's awesome
And you also get to play as me boy in the game, too
And it has 3d with like the red red blue glasses if you wanted that's funny because
Super meat boy kind of had those throwback stages like there was the NES stages, and there was a gameboy stage
I a virtual boy stage makes a lot of sense. That's kind of funny actually yeah, that's pretty awesome
And then the last thing I was gonna mention real quick well actually two things
Nintendo's patented a new kind of input device for the 3ds. It's a vibrating stylus
It's gonna allow you to have some sort of haptic feedback for
stuff based on the position I guess of
Where the stylus is the camera? I guess the vibrating stylus has changed things around you know usually
We have a saying on the show called
TTP whenever there's a new piece of hardware coming out, and that's time to penis, but I think this one's gonna be time to but
TTB
Maybe boob or V and then the last last one was kind of in the line of
Why the fuck did they make this CTA did?
our CTA
Company that makes accessories, and I think they've made they made that
I
Think for was it a connect adventures member the raft
That is completely poor. Oh god. Yes, it was just a raft. Oh my god. Yes, that's amazing. They have done
Themselves one more they have made an inflatable
Go kart that you can sit in and yes
I can play the I heard of this already 3ds Mario Kart 7 game
Oh for the 3ds now a giant inflatable cart for your portable console
But you put your 3ds within this little like
Steering wheel thing it's like why?
Why would you spend $40 you don't need to pretend that you're in a cart? It's not
Stupid it's just so stupid
That's awesome. I'm done all right well
That's gonna bring us to the close of another episode of orange lounge radio
But not until we go around and get everybody's final thought dark soccer. We'll start with you tonight your final thought
Loki your final thought tonight my final thought is
Hey, there's pictures of the e3 show floor. I'm sad I can't go
Anything I'm sad that you're sad
My final thought is I really want to just thank everybody who's worked really hard on a vog network comm especially
Bobby's been doing a heck of a lot of the coding and all that fun stuff
But you know and again
I can't say too much because I don't know if the Friday thing happened for sure or not yet at this point
But just some of the people that are doing some other work behind the scenes who all congratulate more
Specifically later on I just really want to thank you all for your work
I'd like to thank the Academy and yay vog
Have a wonderful night everybody if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio remember
We don't ask for you guys to like you know
Send us tons of money, or you know we don't ask for much
We all we ask for you is to help spread the word of orange lounge radio word of mouth is what gives us advertising and
Just tell a friend or two about the show or you know leave us a nice review on iTunes always helps and what have you?
It all goes a long way help promote the show and of course the new voice of geeks network really appreciate it
Have a wonderful week everybody
We'll be back live on June 10th at voggenetwork.com until then have a safe week and have a funny three
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show
Tune into vog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m.. Pacific 9 p.m.. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
Reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know they were all still true
See you next week
You
