Tonight, June 10th, 2012, E3 2012 has come to a close and we discuss the highlights,
the lowlights, and everything in between with our live audience.
Yes, Loki in the mid-lights too.
Hi everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio, live as we always are, every Sunday night
at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at VOG
Network or the Voice of Geeks Network.
VOGnetwork.com is where you can go and if you click on live chat, you can chat live
with us, the hosts of Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about gaming and of course this week
the big E3 expo with my co-host.
First up, Jamie Summers or Dark Sakura.
Hi.
It looks like you were giving my salad the sting guy.
I was trying to figure out what was in it.
I was like, is that avocado or is that?
It's avocado.
I made basically avocado mango salsa.
Okay.
And put it over fresh greens.
Just, you know, green things are always kind of the...
With goat cheese on top.
It's all raw.
Okay.
And delicious because I am back to eating raw food.
There you go.
Not vegan.
Mind you, not vegan.
How do you do raw food without being vegan because it doesn't...
Sashimi.
Oh, okay.
Fish.
And beef tataki.
Oh, there you go.
And raw milk cheese and raw milk.
That works.
And yogurt.
I can have fermented things too.
All right.
Let's also go over to tech master Loki.
Hi.
Who will probably talk about his very non-raw food diet of McDonald's.
You couldn't have two more polar opposites.
That's actually not food though.
She does have a point.
It is definitely not even close to food.
It is the show where every gamer, no matter what you eat, has a voice.
If there was a fast food place on the way here that serves sashimi, then I'd probably
be getting that.
Although it is quite expensive.
I had pop chips.
I think that falls somewhere in between the two of you.
I actually had dinner before I came to this show and then I picked that up on the way
because I was still kind of hungry.
I wanted to stop at Burger King, but there was a bunch of car crashes right in front
of the turn to turn into the shopping center with the Burger King.
I was like, ah, come on.
Party at Burger King.
No, it's probably stupid people on the light rail.
Whatever happened to parties at Burger King?
Like when I was young and this might be dating myself a bit here, but like people used to
have their birthday parties at McDonald's and Burger King.
Is that still like a thing or did they?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
It's all Chuck E Cheese now.
Chuck E Cheese was a little, that's not food either.
However sometimes they have good games.
It really is the shittiest pizza anywhere.
Anyway.
It's still okay.
You know, but you know who started Pizza Time Theater, right?
Huh?
Um, and crap, I forgot his name.
Atari dude.
Oh yeah.
Nolan Bushnell.
Yeah.
Oh, Woodland Hills.
Not that long ago.
I don't know if it's still open.
It was about a year or two ago.
I went to the original Chuck E Cheese way back.
That was the coolest one too.
Really?
Like two stories?
Had two story slide.
It had the full animatronic band.
Oh, it was great.
In Mobile, where I'm from, we had a massive Chuck E Cheese slash Showtime pizza that had
the party room with the hippo girl in it who played a piano and, and Alan said he remembered
that.
And then we had, um, the big party room with the full band and like the room that you go
into to go to the bathroom that's all like LED lights on the wall that would give me
like a seizure and, um, the hands and feet on the wall that would clap.
I remember that.
Chuck E Cheese in a way is almost responsible.
I mean, for real, for me being like so into video games because I remember, I distinctly
remember going when I was three or four years old, it was my sister's wedding reception
for some reason was at Chuck E Cheese.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I think it was like the after reception reception.
Like it was like the real reception was at the Elk Lodge, but then like the wedding party
and the families was more for the kids.
So they, I think my sister was like, let's do something for Rob and the kids.
And so, cause my sister was 16 years older than I am.
So that's why like I'm, I'm four and she's like 20 getting married.
Right.
So we all went to Chuck E Cheese.
I distinctly remember I have like people ask, what is one of your earliest memories?
I distinctly remember Crystal Castles and the track ball and the little box that they
used to have to bring over that you can stand on so I could be a four year old playing Crystal
Castles.
We had the sit down pole position.
Nice.
And when they closed the big Chuck E Cheese, they actually moved the same pole position
cabinet to the newer Chuck E Cheese.
And I did as an adult go back and play the exact same one I played as a small kid.
All right, let's go to our chat room.
And the always present, present fourth guest on our show at vognetwork.com.
Click on live chat.
I believe you can also use the URL live.vognetwork.com.
A lot has changed in vognetwork since our last live show and I'll talk about that in
a minute.
Oh, don't forget.
What?
Thanks to Travis last night.
We have the vognetwork.com as well.
That's right.
You can also access at the vognetwork and I believe, I don't know, I maybe, I might
get a hand slap from Bobby for making this public, but I know you registered at voiceofgeeks.com
also works.
So there you go.
Several ways you can get to our website.
We prefer vognetwork.com, but you can also do the vognetwork.com.
Going to our chat room.
Vince Raven is in our chat room saying, is this a prerecorded show or live?
It must be live because I just read your name.
There you go.
We are live tonight.
I know it was taped last week.
There's no such thing as prerecording.
There's just recording.
That's what they say.
That's the buzzword.
It's voiceofgeeks.com not voiceofgeeksnetwork.com, right?
It's voice, right?
Yeah.
Voiceofgeeks.com.
All right.
And some folks in the chat room are hand slapping there for me.
Uh, let's see.
Also some folks reminiscing about showbiz pizza, which I believe was the Chuck E Cheese
of the East coast.
It's kind of the same thing.
And they merge like a black Wolf is in there saying showbiz pizza where a kid can be a
kid.
Well now it's where a kid can get shot.
I don't know if you read some of the crazy things that happened at Chuck E Cheese on
Yahoo and news and all that stuff, but they got an image problem.
They're not what they used to be.
I used to like, um, Bullwinkles.
That was the knockoff Chuck E Cheese.
Oh yes.
Bullwinkles was the shit.
It was awesome.
Oh my God.
Water show that you could, you know, watch while you eat pizza.
Here in Sacramento too, there was the best place.
I know this is like, so like nobody in our audience will understand this cause we're
international and all.
We have folks.
I see Rob from girls gone.
Wow.
From the UK is listening tonight.
I saw Clover Nikon, who I believe is from Australia is listening tonight.
We've got like an international group here tonight.
Now here I am talking about our little hometown of Sacramento, but there used to be this place
called the mine shaft place was the shirt.
Now it's like an abandoned RV.
Yeah.
Now it's like a scary place, but like you used to go underground to start the miniature
golf.
They had a two story arcade.
It was awesome.
And then right before it closed, it had like a dance club in the basement and it was commonly
known as the Mormon dance club because I guess the mine shaft was owned by Mormons.
And so the Mormon dance club, I don't even know how that works, but I just know that's
what everybody did.
Go there one summer.
Like, you know, just, ah, we'll go play miniature golf there cause I've never really been there
before.
Like, and man, it was, it was run down.
It was pretty bad.
Oh, DJ Morpheus is reminding me about Sam's town too.
That was awesome.
Damn.
We had some great entertainment and I'm sure wherever you're from in your hometown, you
used to have these great entertainment places that have probably all shut down.
Alan, were there any awesome ones in the Bay area?
I'm not thinking of he's ignoring.
Oh, okay.
Oh, he's shaking his head.
You know what we had in mobile and it's still there and it's changed names, but it used
to be called mount Asia.
It was a huge like multi level, um, uh, mini golf, but it had a great arcade.
That's where I played truck for the first time.
I was hooked on that game.
The only thing notable I can remember in the East Bay was in Concord.
There was a big Malibu grand Prix, which had the RC cars and then a huge arcade, but it
closed when I was like seven.
So I barely remember it.
They saw some of that Scandi is like, you know, I love, not necessarily our Scandi,
our Scandi went, I don't know what happened to our Scandi.
It's just weird.
But like the other Scandi is, you know, they still have like the old arcades and stuff.
They're kind of cool.
They saw that vibe, you know, they have the go-karts and miniature golf and that kind
of stuff.
I miss retro arcades.
I wish that's why I loved Flynn's arcade at Disneyland and we weren't here last week because
I made another trip to Disneyland and so I got to see electronic as replacement, which
is the mad tea party.
Now I didn't see the actual party cause we were there on weekdays, but I saw the decorations
and it pained me to see Flynn's arcade just gone, just totally gone.
The front had been replaced with something else that wasn't even really themed for Alice
in Wonderland.
Just made me sad as I've been calling it the mad flop party.
I've had some friends that have gone that did not enjoy themselves, but we'll see.
We'll see.
You never know.
I think we're all just very bitter about the whole Tron thing being gone.
Anyhow, let's talk about what's changed real quick.
I will get into video games and E3, but I want to talk about some big things for us
that happened during this last week that we weren't here.
Vognetwork.com, our official site has launched.
If you visited it back in May when we first, you know, established the network with Bobby
and understation live, we had kind of a temporary site there that was just one page with the
chat room taking up the whole page.
The full site is now available and if you haven't been able to take a look at it, I
really encourage you to go because in one week, and I'm not just saying this cause you
know, it's like part my idea, the whole site, but in one week we've accomplished so much.
I'm like really proud and a lot of that is the very hard work that Bobby's been putting
in on the programming side of it, but there's been a lot of hard work on the content side
too.
We have some great authors for editorials that we picked up, thanks to Twitter shout
outs.
Jeff, I know is one of them and Elliot, they've been writing some great stuff for the site
and it's not just video game stuff too.
Remember it's the voice of geeks network, so we have articles on Indiana Jones, we have
articles on of course, you know, Minecraft and there's some other things too, but it's
a wide variety of things.
Yes, right before the show I was asking Raul, who are these people that are, you know, writing
stuff for our site?
Oh my God, I don't recognize these people.
Well, Twitter's a powerful thing.
I know Elliot's been following me on Twitter for a while.
He's based out of the UK and he sent me a direct message that took me like three weeks
to respond to cause my Twitter app was acting up, but he already did some writing, I think
for either a high school or a college paper and I was like, all right, you want to write
for a school?
Let's, let's see it.
And he did that.
Uh, Jeff came in from, this is really cool, video game outsiders retweeted us when I put
or retweeted me, I should say when I put the call out for, um, uh, authors, which by the
way, let me just really quick, really quickly say the fact that we're all like supportive
of each other.
I love video game outsiders and you know, I know they, they sent the retweet for me
and everything.
I hope this dispels the whole, there's an all games and vog network war and they're
a fighting and they're, they, they split, it's civil fricking war.
No, let it go and stop it.
Stop spreading those rumors.
Let them do their thing and be great.
Let us do our thing and also be great because if we're both great, everybody wins.
Anyway, Jeff came in through that retweet and his stuff's been great.
Yeah.
Loki, you say you've been reading that stuff and it's really funny and it's good, good
stuff.
Anyhow.
I'm going to our chat room again at live.vognetwork.com a little more reminiscing there and some
talk about E3 as well.
Act Def is teasing that the, some of the content from orange launch radio, I love this song
is coming this week to vog network.
That's right.
It's going to be growing.
Um, so if you haven't checked out vognetwork.com, please do.
It's not just the station, it's the articles.
And most importantly, the big thing that was announced the Friday before was that it's
all a game.
You can actually sign up.
You can find a loot places on the site.
So EJ from girls gone wow, continuing our conversation from a couple of weeks ago, there's
your loot.
You can check it out over there on the site and you can get loot.
I can't tell you how you get loot, but I'll tell you one of them is really easy.
Like sign up for the website.
Easy.
And you get loot.
Um, you can comment on articles, thumbs up.
You can actually, if you notice Bobby posted a review of, I'm going to mess up the name
of this.
It's jam music band or something like that.
This just came out on Xbox live arcade.
He wrote a review of that and you can actually write a review that agrees or disagrees and
your review, if approved by the original author, which you know, they're not going to disapprove
it just cause you disagree with them, will show up right underneath the original review.
It's pretty cool.
So you can like kind of like have your own say like I disagree because XYZ.
So pretty cool.
We'll have more stuff like that come to the site in the next few weeks.
So yeah, vognetwork.com again, Orange House Radio listeners, if you haven't checked out
the website since the placeholder that was there last month, so much has changed.
Check it out.
Uh, let's go back into games and talking about E3 and before we get into our own gaming week
and the stuff we've been playing as we usually start the show off with, I know we're going
to do a lot of recapping about E3 tonight and I want to talk about this topic that's
been brought up that's kind of hovering over the air.
And that is the question of, is E3 still relevant?
Now, the ESA was very quick to defend the, that question basically that was asked, uh,
by saying, of course it's still relevant, you know, where this is the, all the, I don't
have the quote in front of me, so I'm paraphrasing of course, but you know, all the attention
is on Los Angeles this week and it's still the place to have games shown and be covered
and be exposed to the world.
It is the place to be, but there's a lot of people that are saying, well, you know, in
this day and age of the internet and where everything kind of goes to spike TV the first
day or G4 hits the internet, is it really that important to be there live and in person?
So I want to ask those in studio, especially considering this year E3 was a bit different
for us personally.
This is the first year at Orange Lawns Radio in quite some time.
We didn't really cover it.
We didn't, none of us went and you know, let me ask that question.
Is E3 still relevant?
Loki?
Um, I think it's still relevant because they have a lot of great games being shown there,
but they've kind of made it really difficult for, well, they've always made it kind of
difficult for independent coverage of E3.
It's more of having to, you know, cover the, you know, you don't get invited to the press
events so you cover the feed from Spike TV or something like that, you know, and you
make your comments off of that, which you know, works just fine because it's, you know,
you get to see the same stuff pretty much except you don't get to actually play any
of it.
I don't know.
I think for the gaming industry, I think it's not necessarily the greatest thing for them.
I mean, just because a lot of companies are being hit financially pretty hard and they
can't afford to have these really huge booths and spend millions of dollars on the stuff
like THQ, for example, not at E3 because they can't afford to spend money on that kind of
stuff right now.
They have jobs at stake and properties and, you know, their own company, so they can't
do that.
So I think that, you know, as far as saying, oh, E3 is the place to go for game, you know,
news and to see the games and stuff, I don't think that's necessarily the case.
I mean, yeah, it is a place to go.
It's definitely something that people look forward to, but there's also other conventions
out there.
There's PAX, which is definitely getting a lot of coverage for games and stuff.
And honestly, I mean, you can scale down your booth size a bit and show the same type of
stuff there and I think still get the same kind of press coverage that they're getting
with E3.
Granted, they're not doing these huge keynote events and stuff like that, but I still think
it's a good way to get your game covered.
Plus, you know, in the day and age of the internet, there's also companies just launching
their own games on Kickstarter or, you know, through other means and they can get press
coverage that way or, I don't know.
I don't think press is necessarily a problem because people were probably talking about
Madden and Assassin's Creed and stuff like that beforehand, but now it's just, hey, look,
we've got, you know, a bunch of people showing off Assassin's Creed at the Sony, you know,
press conference, at the Ubisoft press conference and at the Xbox press conference and at the
Nintendo press conference because they only showed Ubisoft games because a lot of them
just thought they were so awesome.
So yeah, I can see how, you know, they could come to that conclusion.
I don't know.
I just, I'm just jealous I didn't get to go.
I would like to play some more games, but honestly, you know, digesting it through just,
you know, reading, you know, other sites covering and stuff, I feel that I kind of took in more
information than if I were to be stumbling around because it seems like every time I'd
go to E3, it would be like, oh, hey, you know, there's this really cool game and I didn't
get to see it because I completely was unaware that they had talked about it or was announced
or something like that.
And I just never made it over to that booth because I wanted to go see something I was,
you know, aware of beforehand.
I don't know.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, Shadownextgen, who is actually at the show
and was talking about it extensively on Bobby Black Wolf show tonight said, I think it is
important to be in, be there in person if you can.
I always enjoy the experience.
DJ Morpheus from Saturday's Under Station Live, I'm reading like comments from other
shows tonight, but that's all right.
It's a network.
DJ Morpheus from Saturday's Under Station Live says, I said it during Bobby's show,
but I see South by Southwest becoming the dominant game showcase in a couple of years.
That's a very interesting prediction because South by Southwest is the place where things
like Foursquare really took off.
And I don't know if you view Foursquare as a game, but if you look at VOG Network as
a game, South by Southwest would probably be our show, right?
That's an interesting perspective, especially with the technology and everything.
Except Foursquare kind of sucks.
But think of all the clones that exist.
I mean, think of it this way, Facebook basically jacked Foursquare.
You know?
So, you know, well then again, one could argue, okay, Grant, I better get this out or I'll
get corrected.
Google Latitude was kind of, you know, also before all of that, but I believe that was,
if I got my tech history right, that was Dodgeball and the Dodgeball guy started Foursquare.
I've gone cross-eyed.
At this point, these big conventions just kind of seem pointless to me because if they
really wanted to get reviews and get the press information out there, they would go to like
a virtual format, you know, VE3 or something, and send out demos directly to the press,
you know, especially since they've been cracking down so hard on, you know, the non-press,
you know what I mean?
The people who are their version of not industry.
I think they're just wasting time and money.
What Up G in our chat says, the only thing you don't get from not being at E3 is any
hands-on time.
Well, I remember a couple of years ago when they did the whole, a lot of demos, not all
of them obviously, but quite a handful of demos were available on Xbox Live as they
were there at the show.
That was pretty awesome.
2006 was the year that they did that.
And they had like, you know, MotoGP and Lost Planet and there was one other one, but I
don't remember what it was.
That was awesome.
E3 at home is basically like, hey, you know what?
We know that you can't go to E3.
Here's some of the E3 demos that are available right now.
Why don't they do that anymore?
I really, I mean, that's a good way to get, you know, information out about your game.
But I understand people are like, oh, well, it's not finished, but who cares?
You just put that up.
Hey, unfinished game, but you get to check the demo for it.
MotoNext Gen just bring up an interesting point in our chat, sending out demos to the
press wouldn't necessarily work.
Not everyone has debug units that can play the early code.
Maybe that's a part of it that the code isn't ready for that live environment.
You know, there is a difference.
They usually prepare demos, you know, that have taken care of, you know, hiding any errors
and are programmed for certain time limits.
Some companies are sick of doing that.
I remember reading an article on that.
Some companies are thinking there's the E3 demos are actually kind of not a waste of
their time, but it's taking away from time from developing for the game.
So, again, why have E3 at all?
All right.
I really don't see it being relevant anymore.
Going to other comments in our chat room, Dark Tetsuya says, we totally need VOGCON.
Dream big.
Maybe someday.
Dream big.
Let's see.
And Tigerclaw notices that I am on PlayStation Home right now.
That is correct.
Over there on the TV, look, I'm sitting next to Tigerclaw on the couch.
I am in PlayStation Home and I want to pimp the new VOG Network Clubhouse.
So if you have your PlayStation nearby, fire it up, search in the clubhouses for VOG and
you'll get VOG Network in all caps.
And hopefully, oh, it looks like Blender left, but hopefully he'll be back and he can accept
more apps into the clubhouse.
And I got to say, Blender did a great job with the clubhouse.
I didn't even know they had new ones now.
He's got this whole, like, desert, I think it's called the Desert Penthouse or something.
There's like a little pool.
Look at all those arcade games he's got in there.
It's pretty neat looking.
It totally looks like it's floating.
So anyhow, now you'll notice Tigerclaw and I are sitting on the couch, but not too close
together.
Not too close.
There's...
It's a nice doodly distance apart.
I'm sorry.
I do not believe that that's actually home.
No one is doing the running man.
So, you know.
Oh, hey, DDR machine.
Is that a DDR machine?
Get out.
It's a...
Yeah, it's like a little DDR machine over there.
I believe that is a DDR machine.
Well, speaking of home, they have the whole virtual, you know, not to...
I mentioned Xbox a minute ago, but they do their whole virtual Sony booth.
Granted, it's not the same as being there, but it's kind of a neat little tie-in, you
know.
It kind of...
Again, there's always that question of, what the hell's the point of home?
But when you see something like that, you kind of go, oh, that is pretty cool.
Did you ever look at the virtual booth in home?
I've seen pictures of it, but I haven't been the home for a long time.
I actually haven't ever used home.
Oh, you got to check it out.
It's kind of neat there.
I've been playing on my PC.
I believe Tiger Claw is fulfilling the running man quota here.
You know what?
I got to say, this may be the reason to bring a live webcam back to the show.
Don't have the cam on us, but put the cam in Sony home, and you guys can look at that
while we broadcast.
I seriously might do that.
That's a good idea.
Go me.
I'm going to be storming live on air.
Mister, I'm going to keep the webcam.
You can have the webcam.
Look, here's the webcam.
There you go.
All yours.
Have a blast.
Well, I thought you had your video camera hooked up.
That died, sadly.
That $400 camera died.
That's part of the reason we haven't had video in a while, and that webcam isn't the best
resolution.
You know what?
I actually think that my camera still works.
Oh, yeah?
I mean, I've never tried it as a webcam, and I have to convert all of those Disneyland
movies, but I think my Panasonic still works.
I have an HD camcorder that I'm not using at all.
All right.
Anyways.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks.
We'll come back to E3 in just a moment.
Loki's going to wrap up the whole thing for us, and we're going to give our witty insight
and commentary.
First off, though, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
Dark Sakura.
I played stuff.
I played stuff.
Yes, you did.
And I am so proud of you.
Anyway, talk.
I played a bunch of Mass Effect until I decided that I really would rather play it on the
PC, because I hate the targeting system so much, and it hurts my hand to try to retarget,
and I kept dying when I found Counselor Choi.
You know what I mean?
The matriarch.
Yes.
So, I swear, she must have been on some pretty nasty PMS, but anyway.
So yeah, all of the Asari commandos, like, whooped my ass.
So I decided to play it on PC instead, and I've remade my femshep, and totally going
after Garrus.
Shut up.
Don't judge me.
Another one indoctrinated, ladies and gentlemen.
Shut up.
I played some well.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Addict.
Dealer.
Rob, you are the game pimp, okay?
You know what?
You have to kind of blame Shane for that, really, though.
That was just like, that's like the whole, like, this is like, Mass Effect is now this
Tupperware pyramid scheme, and Shane is kind of like the regional director, and he got
me hooked, and now, in an attempt to, you know, get my free toaster, I got Dark Sakura
hooked.
It's a pyramid scheme.
That's right, it's a pyramid scheme.
Oh, and I want to point out, Tigerclaw totally moved closer to me on that couch, you see
that?
That's still a dudely distance.
It is a dudely distance.
Well, I think that's the, uh...
That's the appropriate distance for dudes to be apart.
That is the, um, programmed distance away.
That's where your hitbox is.
Well, I also played, I did play WoW.
I'll put a picture of this on orangehonestready.com.
I did play WoW, duh, and I started another MMO just because of Iguana Girl, of Jessica
Harper, who has said, it's gorgeous, it's gorgeous, it's gorgeous, so finally I'm like,
okay, I'll give it a try, you know, because I'm a little bored with WoW because other
people are playing Diablo all the damn time, shut up.
So, um, the pyramid head scheme, um, so I started playing Lord of the Rings online,
and it's actually not bad, um, it's very pretty, I actually prefer it graphically to WoW, um,
lots of, lots of fun in-depth stuff, I really like how it more mirrors the books, and you
know, without Tolkien's horrible, horrible writing, I'm sorry, you spend, when you spend
five pages describing the landscape, and like half a paragraph describing the people you're
talking about, that's not good writing.
And I'm probably going to hell in the minds of lots of, uh, Tolkien fans, but I don't
care.
Um, I did play a little Diablo, by the way, um, but I actually, you know, I'm, I've only
played, I'm only a level 8 character right now in Lord of the Rings, it's enough that
I've gotten kind of a grasp that, number one, I like the camera in WoW better, but I like
the scenery in, the graphics in, um, Lord of the Rings better.
I do have to say that WoW has better water effects, just saying, um, I actually, when
I had it optimized, it basically lets me run the game at full settings, and I had some
lag today, but for the most part, it actually runs pretty smoothly, um, I've, uh, I've basically
had some problems with, uh, some kill stealing, so I don't like that my targets aren't locked,
but, you know, what can you do?
It's free, I don't, I like the free part, the free's good, and I played some STO this
week, by the way, um, just to, uh, play Dabo at Deep Space Nine.
And um...
You've been MMOing it up!
I have been, I'm like a little whore here.
No, I'm not a whore, because I'm paying.
Somebody clip that little, clip that little phrase and send it to Travis.
I'm a Momo slut.
I'm being, I'm a Momo slut.
I'm playing the field.
Hey, if guys can do it and are, you know, lauded for it, then a woman should be able
to be lauded for spreading herself out a little bit too.
Just saying.
Double standard here, double standard.
It was right in his show forums.
Bitches.
So um, and uh, I have also decided, I'd played the Minecraft demo, the freebie version that's
on the website.
Hated it!
Wait.
No.
There's no waiting.
I hated the demo too.
There's no waiting, I thought it was boring as shit.
And actually it made me motion sick, it did make me, now the one, actually going back
to uh, um, the reason why, the other reason I shifted to playing Mass Effect on PC is
because the Xbox version made me motion sick, and I haven't had that yet with the PC version.
Because I'm playing it in windowed mode, and it gives me a little bit more to focus on
other things.
Turned off the motion blur, turned off the fill grain, all of that, it still made me
sick.
And I hate to say it, but I do get motion sickness with Lord of the Rings because of
the camera.
Because it's like, okay, you know how in WoW the camera auto adjusts when you're running?
In Lord of the Rings you can actually turn your camera around, you can watch yourself
sideways, but you're still moving forward with W. If that makes sense.
So, I'll try to hit sideways because that's the direction on my screen is trying to run.
And my camera is oriented the other way, so it's more or less, I guess, a little bit of
user error, but I still would prefer that auto orienting, and I don't know if I have
a way to turn that on.
However, it's got this full, um, cosmetic thing, so you, it's kind of like, not necessarily
like transmogging, because honestly I really like the transmogging system, and you really
have to think about what you want, but, um, I do like the cosmetic system and, you know,
the dye, you know, you can get clothes dye and everything.
And crafting is better, oh my god, crafting is so much easier, the end.
So I'm about even, I mean, WoW is still, thanks, sorry, you know, I still like WoW, I'm not,
I signed the blood pact, I'm not quitting.
And Pandaria may kind of, you know, WoW is really a lull for a lot of people now.
I like monks.
I want a goat monk so bad.
But, you know, the one thing that really, and I decided this today, the really big thing
that Lord of the Rings does not have going for it, no true caster DPS class.
You have a hunter, that's your only real dedicated DPS class.
And you know me, I like the pew pew.
I have, what, a mage, a druid, a shadow priest, you know, on WoW, I play caster pew pew.
So you know, if that popped up on Lord of the Rings, oh no, that might, that might pull
me over permanently.
It's the same.
And I like free.
Did I say I like free?
I like free.
The MMO queen has spoken.
Meanwhile, Loki, how was your gaming week?
And Ragnarok Online.
How was your gaming week?
I played mostly Minecraft.
I started by building an artificial volcano.
Took the largest mountain that was in the game, well, largest mountain in this one area,
and then I built on top of it, all the way up to the top of the skybox, and then I covered
the whole thing with obsidian, because I had duped a bunch of obsidian, and then I poured
some volcano, or some lava over the top of that, and got too much lava.
There was a ton of lava on there, man.
You put that in the wrong spot, and it'll just spread like crazy.
So I finally took care of that, and got it a little bit more situated to how I like it,
and then started to hollow the whole inside off.
And actually it's kind of cool, because the whole thing is actually the shrine of fire,
because there is fire all over the place, there's lava fountains on the inside.
It's just ridiculous.
Didn't you do a shrine of fire in Animal Crossing?
Oh no, that was Jamie.
That was Jamie.
That was Jamie that did that.
We did the shrine to fire, and we had lesbians.
Remember, we had lesbians.
Yeah, I do remember the lesbians in your neighborhood.
With the rainbow sign in front of her house.
It was the one that was the gym teacher.
She had the gym themed, and the short hair.
I swear she was the biggest lesbian ever.
The only thing that kept her from being the ultimate lesbian was by having multiple girlfriends
live with her in succession.
So you had the shrine to fire in your basement in Animal Crossing.
You had the shrine to fire in Minecraft.
What game do I make the shrine to fire in?
That's what I need to figure out.
Just a Minecraft, I don't know.
We'll see.
Oh, oh, oh, that just reminds me of something.
I can have a house in Lord of the Rings, and I might build a shrine to fire there.
Just saying.
Just don't burn down your house.
I miss Mog houses.
You know, Rob, I miss Mog houses.
I do too.
Wowney's houses.
They do.
They do.
Alright, alright.
Rather than me just pretending that my goat lives in the back room of the tavern.
The man finishes gaming week so we can get to E3.
He's gonna get the rest of the damn show.
So anyways, so other than, yeah, I've just been playing Minecraft for the most of it.
It's kinda cool though, because it, unbeknownst to me, there was a dungeon in the middle of
that mountain that I built the volcano on.
So now I have this dungeon that's gonna be in the bottom of this giant fortress to fire.
And you'll be able to fight mobs down there.
So that's kinda cool.
So I'll be playing a little bit more of that this week.
Did you build an arena down there?
I'm going to.
I'm going to build an arena.
Does Minecraft have PvP yet?
No.
You can lock a bunch of those ugly things in an arena and make them kill each other.
You can do the chickens.
You can lock a bunch of, yeah, cause you, if you take the egg and throw it, it makes
a new chicken.
Yeah, it doesn't do that every time though.
You could have chicken fighting, illegal chicken fighting in your arena.
I did find it funny though, sometimes I'll be inside the volcano thing like hollowing
it out and I'll hear a cow catching fire cause it was stupid and walked into the lava.
So that's kinda funny.
And then the other game I played, ironically, was an Atari 2600 game.
And it's an Atari 2600 game that's exclusive to the contest I'm playing which is for Ready
Player One.
I don't know if everyone heard, but Ready Player One, you know the wonderful book they
keep talking about, they have an Easter egg hidden in the book.
And they have a contest now that goes along with that Easter egg.
You find the Easter egg, takes you to a website, you play this Atari 2600 game.
You find the Easter egg in that, takes you to the next website which the game unlocks
there.
July 1st and then you play through that game, then you get increasingly harder.
And then the next game unlocks August 1st, kinda like the real hunt, except there is
a real prize.
The real prize is a DeLorean.
A DeLorean with a replica flux capacitor inside it that, you know, is being given away.
Which sounds all kinds of amazing.
Yes, so I...
It makes me want to get into this book series.
I, um, so I found...
Or book.
I found the Easter egg after a little bit of a hint from online.
Someone mentioned that you have to look for a certain...
Because I was looking through the book, I didn't really get a chance to look at it the
first day and stuff.
And I'm like, eh, I'm looking for a URL, but I didn't quite catch it.
And then they mentioned, oh, well you have to look for this type of thing that's with
the letters.
And then I'm like, oh, okay, there it is, I see it.
So I went and played the game, beat the game, um, you know, after Josh went to bed.
And I didn't even make the top 100, though, on Leaderboard, but then again, it doesn't
matter because each game is time-unlocked, so it's not...
The next game's not gonna start until July 1st, and then the final game's August 1st,
and really the contest is whoever has all three games completed first is the winner.
So how fast you are at the first game and second game doesn't really matter as long
as you get the third game after completing the first two, as long as you're first in
second.
So, I don't know.
But Stax was kind of neat.
It was like a throwback to, like, Pitfall.
It was pretty hard.
You had to, you know, it was weird, you have to jump over these, like, static charge things
and avoid these things that look like squids, and then there's flashers.
There's people trying to flash you like old dirty men.
I don't really understand what that has to do with anything.
But you're supposed to find, like, six puzzle pieces, and then once you find the six puzzle
pieces, you have to find the Easter egg in the game, which is very reminiscent to Adventure,
and then once you find that, you go back to, you know, a certain room and you find a QR
code that unlocks the third place, and that's eventually where the game's gonna unlock next.
And apparently people were aware of the website, like, I've been talking to Dark Tetsuya about
the whole thing since, you know, he's into the whole, you know, game and kind of tried
to help him out with the game, but, you know, he's like, oh hey, I knew about that website
way a long time ago, but it wasn't necessarily because of the Easter egg in the book, it's
just, you know, it's kind of obvious what the website is.
But yeah, it was fun, it was kind of fun to get to play, like, an old game, and it's also
fun to kind of participate in this, like, real life hunt thing.
Although if I win a DeLorean, I don't really know what I'm gonna do with it since I don't
know how to drive stick, and, you know, and then there's all the other stuff you don't
think about, like, paying taxes, registration, and all that stuff, and shipping the car to
you, I mean, that's expensive.
But it's a fucking DeLorean.
But you have a fucking DeLorean.
Exactly.
I'm like, I rolled that window down, fucking pop in the CD, because it does have a CD player
that the guy put in it, and it's all Back to the Future soundtrack right there.
Just blast that shit up the radio.
Awesome.
My gaming week, um, not too terribly thrilling, because I was gone for most of the week.
I went to Los Angeles, I was not at E3, I always take E3 week off, but I went with Extifer
from Hoard House and his significant other, Matt.
We all went down to LA and went to, like, Universal Studios in Disneyland.
I won't, you know, spend too much time talking about all of that, since there wasn't a whole
lot of gaming involved, but I will say, that Mummy ride at Universal Studios is fucking
amazing.
I loved it.
Extifer and I were screaming like girls, I wish somebody got a YouTube of it, because
you guys would have got a kick out of it.
Anyway, on to games.
When I got home, I did play some games.
I played multiplayer Mass Effect a little bit this weekend, because Osfer from our chat
room, and Acidic Vampire from our chat room, and Shane from Hoard House is also in chat.
We all are, like, playing now, and there's an event going on this weekend.
We were having fun last night, trying to survive a gold map, it didn't go very well.
Actually, we got to, like, wave five, maybe.
Also did some multiplayer over on PlayStation 3 with another listener, Stan.
We had kind of a crappy connection, Soul Calibur, so we were trying to do that.
We have a dude with a lightsaber doing the Running Man.
I think that's Black Wolf.
Anyway.
Yeah, more dancing now.
Ah, two Running Man.
Now it's home!
Yeah, Blender signed into the clubhouse, and I guess he accepted all these new people,
so there you go.
We got VX, Jason, XV.
Alright, anyhow, hello, back to me.
So there was multiplayer Soul Calibur, which sadly was too laggy, but Stan makes some hilarious
characters.
I loved his Mr. Slave.
I was like, people can, like, get away with that in Soul Calibur.
It was pretty risqué, we'll just leave it at that.
Then played some Marvel vs. Capcom 3 Ultimate, which I, that's really Alan's game, not my
game, so I was pretty much button mashing, but hey, was having some fun.
Also on PlayStation, thanks to the whole PlayStation Plus, thank you Sony, for all those free freaking
games this week.
I realize they're-
Are you borrowing my copy of Little Big Planet 2?
No.
Oh, okay.
Nevermind.
I don't think so.
I don't have it anywhere.
Maybe I didn't loan that to you yet.
I don't think you did.
So, um, what the hell is that shirt?
It's like glowing, sorry, I'm distracted by hope.
It's a DVR shirt.
This is terrible radio!
What?
It looks like he's not wearing pants, or is that like a Minecraft bottom?
It's like, I don't know.
Blender, what the hell are you wearing?
It looks like he's not wearing pants, and it's like a censored butt.
Anyway.
PlayStation.
Games.
Little Big Planet 2 was one of the free games.
So finally, what, about two years late, I'm finally getting into Little Big Planet 2.
It's great, obviously.
I love the minigames.
It's just a great platformer.
I've barely scratched the surface of the game, to be honest, but it's everything I loved
about the first one, now with, you know, grappling hooks from the very start, and more cutscene
stuff.
I will say the only thing I kind of didn't like is that the story is really weird in
the beginning.
I like the more ambiguous nature of the first game, which relied a lot heavier on the narrator
and so forth.
Now in this one, they're trying to like build a different story, and I'm not really into
it.
But that's my one tiny, tiny little bitch about it.
Otherwise, it's Little Big Planet, and it's great, and I really don't know why it took
me so long to get into part two.
I really don't.
I don't have an excuse.
I was too busy playing Mass Effect.
We'll say that.
I still haven't really gotten into part two.
I mean, I played maybe one level of it, and I was just like, other game.
So that was pretty much my gaming week.
You know, the free Little Big Planet 2, Mass Effect, wow, Diablo, I played a little Diablo
with Shane, started a witch doctor, got it up to level like six or something.
Not too, enough to kill, enough to beat the beta.
We got up to the Skeleton King, and then I was like, I gotta go eat, so.
I killed the crap out of the Skeleton King.
It actually was hard.
A little.
A little.
All right, housekeeping real quick, and then we'll get into E3 news.
Join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio, Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
Tell friends about the show, word of mouth, you know, again, we're not attached to a big
magazine.
We hope vognetwork.com will become all the rage someday, and geeks everywhere will visit
it, and then we can say we have a big website behind us supporting us.
What the hell is that?
Is that one of those aliens from Men in Black or something?
Blender is in home a lot.
He's like the home expert, like look, he started the clubhouse, and look at how well decorated
that is compared to the shitty one I made for OLR, which had like an airplane seat and
a Pac-Man cabinet.
So clearly if there's any weird shit in home, he has it.
Anyway, stop getting distracted with the visual.
It's terrible radio.
It is one of the aliens.
Hopefully vognetwork.com will be the shit someday, and geeks everywhere will be visiting
it, but until then, we don't have a multimillion dollar website backing us or any of that stuff,
so please tell friends about Orange Launch Radio and about VOG Network, because maybe
if they hate Orange Launch Radio, they'll love one of the new shows on VOG Network's
radio station, including Pod Culture on Monday nights, Anime Jam Session on Tuesday nights,
Warcraft Wednesdays with Girls Gone Wow and Hoard House on Wednesdays, and plenty more
to come soon.
All right, let's get into E3 news.
Loki is going to be taking this over.
Since I was away at Disneyland and not paying attention to my TV, I was trying to follow
the news best I could, but Loki, you were on top of everything, so let's run down the
various press conferences.
The first people up were Microsoft.
Okay, so Microsoft had their press conference, and it was kind of weird, because they started
off really strong, because they showed Halo 4.
That's how you start off a fucking press conference.
Halo 4.
Here it is.
Get excited.
And yeah, it was pretty exciting.
It's a pretty awesome looking game, and just going into a little bit more detail about
what to kind of expect for it, and man, it looks nice.
I mean, actually kind of excited about Halo again, since the last one I was excited about
was Halo 3, so it might be interesting to pick up.
Some other cool stuff that they showed off besides Halo.
Of course, there was the unveiling of Splinter Cell Blacklist, which was an Ubisoft game.
That looked pretty awesome, so they had a little clip of that.
Of course, talking a little bit more about arcade.
They had the summer of arcade stuff.
They're talking about some of the games we can expect for that, and actually some interesting
things.
Some that we already knew about, and some that were kind of on the way.
For example, they were talking Deadlight, which is going to be a new side scroller game.
It's supposed to be coming out.
It looked kind of like a zombie survivor horror type thing.
Tony Hawk Pro Skater HD, which is supposed to be out, I think, in a couple weeks.
Dust and Elysian Tail was something that was actually supposed to be an indie game a while
back, but they ended up getting it published because it looks fucking amazing.
Let's see, also, Recettear, which is going to be the new Kinect game that's kind of like...
People are kind of saying it's a little bit like Angry Birds.
I think it's more of like, was it that, the blockbusting game that they had for the Wii.
That looked, eh, it's okay.
It's a Kinect game.
I'm always kind of hesitant about those Kinect games.
Other things that they were talking about, of course, entertainment was a big focus for
Xbox since they were talking about making this center of entertainment for your household
and stuff.
Of course, more app announcements, including partnerships with Nickelodeon, Paramount,
Makima, or Machinima, I guess, Univision, Televiso, yes.
Hell yeah, until somebody on Twitter told me they were ending Sabato Higante this year.
That's sad.
NHL and ESPN, of course, is getting some new stuff.
Other game announcements, other than Halo 4, Forza Horizon, which I knew was coming
out, they announced a date, October 23rd for that.
Fable the Journey is coming out this fall.
Of course, we knew about Gears of War Judgment from the whole Game Informer thing.
That's now coming in 2013.
Dance Central 3 coming out, with a partnership with Usher in there.
He's doing some of the choreography and some of his songs are in there.
Also a new Nike Fitness game is going to be coming out.
Kind of interesting, I guess, partnership with them.
Then, of course, Xbox Music was another big thing that they were talking about, the entertainment
thing.
You're going to have 30 million tracks with that.
Of course, it's going to support some of the new features like Smart Glass, which was another
big unveiling.
Smart Glass is basically this technology where they can use any iOS, Android, I'm assuming,
Windows Phone, tablet, device, anything that you may have already.
You download an app for it and it becomes a second screen, just like the Wii U or the
Vita and the PlayStation 3.
I was floored, personally, hearing that that's not exclusive to a Windows device, that they
are going to open that up to iPads and so forth.
I mean, it's smart.
More people will adopt it because I think finally Microsoft had to admit, you know what,
Apple's got a big bite here.
We've seen Microsoft take little, like they dip their foot in the pool because there's
a fully functional Xbox Live app for iPhone and iPad.
It's a universal app that's actually quite good.
It's very similar to the Xbox.com website.
You can manage your friends list from it.
You see your avatars.
It's a full-fledged app.
Microsoft doing stuff with Apple products is not unheard of, but I did not think they
were going to just jump in the pool full in, so this was a pleasant surprise.
Yeah, and this is not just for games.
I mean, they did announce that Halo 4 and Madden are going to both support this technology,
but it's pretty much for everything, including they're talking about some support for some
of the apps that they had.
One of the examples they gave was Game of Thrones.
You could be watching Game of Thrones and getting supplemental information about the
series on your tablet while you're watching the series.
For example, they'd be showing different locations and it'll zoom in on a map to where those
locations are in the whole world.
Honestly, it reminds me a lot of the tie-in stuff that they have with some of these Blu-rays.
I don't know if you've seen a lot of Blu-rays that have iPod apps or iPad apps that you
can watch with the movie and it will have that supplemental information.
This technology's been around out there, but now they're adopting it for the console.
Plus, you'll be able to control your console using this as well.
That's kind of neat.
Of course, long-awaited finally announced Internet Explorer is coming to the Xbox.
We will now have an internet browser.
It will support the smart glass stuff.
It'll also be connect-enabled and you'll be able to use voice commands to do searches
and stuff like that.
That's pretty cool.
I'm not a huge fan of Internet Explorer, but hey, whatever, at least it's an option to
browse the internet.
Cool.
Honestly.
It'll get porn on my 360, so yay for that.
Xbox porn.
What about emulators?
Do we know if it's going to support Flash or Java or any of that?
No idea.
Because you know, it isn't complete until you get Super Mario Brothers running on your
Xbox.
They already technically have that reset glitch Xboxes and they have the dual NAND reset glitch
chips you can get where you have one mode that you can boot in that's hacked and one
that's stock.
Going to some comments from our chatroom at vognetwork.com, Osfer says, I can't wait for
Halo 4.
The Metroid atmosphere and look to it really pulled me in and Cortana looks better and
more emotionally charged than ever.
I've heard a lot of good things about it from people who were on the show floor.
You know, I got to admit, I feel the same way as much as I wasn't super duper into the
first person Metroid games.
Well, that's not true.
I did love Metroid Prime 3, but I mean, like just seeing that gameplay footage of Halo
4 for me, sorry, I'm going backwards, but blame the chatroom.
I was really into it.
I mean, I, and I haven't really cared about Halo since Halo 3, which, you know, once I
played Halo 3 wasn't, you know, it didn't throw me the same way Halo 2 did, but watching
the Halo 4, I was like, you know, maybe the change in developers wasn't necessarily a
bad thing because it forces them to kind of start over with some new ideas and you do
see some of this other influence and I, you know, and that's no disrespect towards Bungie.
They made a great game and I'm sure whatever they've got, this destiny thing is going to
kick ass too.
Well, let's look at it this way.
I mean, look at you had people making need for speed games and granted the need for speed
games are pretty good and now you have, you know, another company criterion making these
need for speed games, you know, or making sequels to these need for speed games and
they're better.
You know, not saying that the old ones weren't good, but now they're, you know, they have
a fresh take on them and so it's a little bit better.
One other thing of, you know, kind of, it was a bit of a rumor, but now those $99 contract
Xboxes or whatever are coming to more retailers other than Microsoft stores because Microsoft,
they kind of figured, hey, we don't have a lot of stores out there, so best buys and
also select GameStop locations and from what I hear also from my boss meeting with Microsoft,
there is actually, anybody's going to be able to do it as long as you're willing, as long
as you fit the criteria that they are looking for and there's like specific things that
they need, so.
By the way, this was on the OLR Twitter last week, just saying.
Sometimes you get the secrets, little secrets, what we can, what little secrets we get, we
will let you know.
So there was all that stuff.
Overall, I think they had a decent press conference just, you know, and I know a lot of the people
that were kind of, oh, some other announcements that they made, of course, and some of the
stuff, of course, they showed Black Ops 2, a little bit of that and they announced that
they're getting DLC first for that.
Game with South Park, The Stick of Truth is getting DLC for it first, it's coming out
March 5th now.
It's going to have Kinect support as well on the 360.
Tomb Raider is getting the DLC first on Xbox and also Resident Evil 6 is getting DLC first
on there.
I got to say, the South Park, The Stick of Truth, fucking amazing looking, is just, I
cannot wait for that game.
That game looks perfect.
I really hope I'm not let down because sometimes trailers look good.
It looks great.
But yeah, a lot of the complaints about the press conference were, you know, hey, the
whole entertainment stuff, hey, I'm here to see the games.
I don't want to see, you know, all this garbage about Nickelodeon and Paramount and Xbox music.
I don't fucking care about Xbox music.
But eh, no K-Press conference.
All right.
So next up.
How do you think overall Microsoft did?
There were a lot of people online kind of razzing Microsoft, not fans of the press conference,
but in a way I was kind of like, well, what the hell did you expect this year?
You knew you weren't going to be seeing the new Xbox.
They said that.
I know people were saying, oh, because Destiny isn't being shown anymore.
They're going to have to give us hints about the new.
No, they don't.
They're not going to do it.
They'll just show more Halo, you know, which is probably what they did.
Yeah, they did show a Halo and they showed some third party stuff.
One of the things I'm kind of surprised they didn't show anything for was Fable The Journey.
Not much other than announcing that it's going to be coming out fourth quarter.
They didn't really show anything.
That is interesting.
I was, you know, I was hardcore thinking there was going to be something with Windows 8.
And I guess I was wrong there.
The smart glass thing kind of is going to be, I get like a half point.
I think smart glass, well smart glass also supports, not only does it support tablet
because not, let's be honest, not everybody has a tablet or smartphone.
It also does support computers, like PCs and laptops.
So if you have a laptop, you can also control your Xbox, although I asked then why the fuck
do I need to, you know, view my content on the Xbox if I have my laptop in front of me,
but whatever.
Hey, it's another option.
Sometimes, you know, sometimes you have that party environment.
You want to show multiple people at once, like, you know, remember, remember that one
New Year's Eve party where we were looking up on the Wii.
We had to see the dinosaur porn or what was that?
The pterodactyl porno.
Thank you, Wii browser.
That's fantastic.
One of those websites, yes, it is, it was a chick and some dude in a pterodactyl suit
and it was the most hilarious thing.
Ridiculous.
Anyhow, from Microsoft to pterodactyl porn.
Let's go to the chatters, live.vognetwork.com.
A lot of props for South Park, Acidic Vampire says South Park looks great.
Stan says, I think it will be good.
The South Park creators are really involved in this game.
Tiger Claw says, I liked how Trey Parker and Matt Stone trolled the Microsoft press conference
when they showed up for their game.
That was fantastic.
Mm-hmm.
And Degenerate Johnny says, I'm calling it.
One of the South Park's DLC will be carbon's ass.
Could be ass of fire.
Well, they have, you know, it's very cool the way they're doing it.
The Lemmywinks or whatever that was.
They do have a Lemmywinks tie and one of the finishing or one of the summons you get is
Mr. Slave and Mr. Slave sucks the enemy into his ass.
Literally.
Well, that was, that was that whole Paris Hilton episode or whatever it was.
Yes.
It's basically that.
So, you know, nothing is off limits or sacred.
It's interesting, but it's kind of cool though because you get to play as your own character
in there.
So you design your own character and that's kind of neat.
Let me ask Dark Sakura.
I know you're the classic gamer of the bunch, but is there anything on the Microsoft press
conference that has you excited at all?
Any halos or South Park's or no.
I mean Halo 4, I guess Dan's going to get it, you know, cause he's Mr. Halo of the house,
but I don't give a crap about South Park.
What about the Tomb Raider reboot cause I don't like Tomb Raider.
But it's a reboot.
You never know.
But I don't like Tomb Raider.
I'm still looking forward to that.
Although the delay, you know, having to see it two years in a row is a little bit like,
but I suppose not the, it's not the first game that won't be the last that gets shown
across multiple years.
Unless I can lock the butler in the fridge and break her neck.
I'm not interested.
It's technically a prequel, so I don't think there's a butler.
You crash on an island.
It's uncharted Tomb Raider.
I don't like uncharted anyway, so.
It looks good.
Go for it.
I mean, it looks good.
I'm glad they showed it again.
Yeah.
Cause you kind of forget about it.
Okay, so next was Nintendo, and Nintendo, gotta love them, but I don't understand how
they're able to pull something like this off.
They had three press conferences, cause one was not enough.
They had a conference that was a pre-E3 conference that talked a little bit about the Wii U.
Then they had their regular conference, which talked mostly about the Wii U, and then they
had a 3DS conference the following day.
You have three press conferences, and yet you still don't show a lot of shit.
I just don't understand how that works.
But okay, so let's start off with the pre-press conference thing that they had, or pre-E3
press conference.
They talked some of the key features of the Wii U, and including this brand new interface,
I guess.
It's gonna be the Miiverse, and what Miiverse is, it's kind of an upgrade of the Mi Plaza.
You basically see all your Mi's congregating Mi's from friends, Mi's of people playing
different games, and you see them playing the different games, and plus you can talk
to each other, not only in text chat, but you can picto chat with them as well.
So it's Facebook for me?
Something like that.
You basically can interact with people in a really elaborate way.
They've got, you know, I guess spoiler stuff that you can do in there where you can make
it so that people don't see your post, don't want to get spoiled on the game, but they
have this whole kind of, like you can post in different spots in games and stuff, like
for example, oh, I'm having trouble in this area in the game, can anybody help me?
And then like, you know, hey, I got through this part of the game like this.
That's great and all, but I mean, that's kind of like what Game Facts is for, or something
like that.
I just, I guess it's neat that they have this feature and that they showed all this stuff,
but I don't know, whatever.
One of the other things they are showing off also is a brand new controller for the Wii
U, the Wii U Pro Controller, which looks like an Xbox 360 controller with the analog stick
and the face buttons flip flopped.
Cool.
I guess that'll be used also in conjunction with, you know, the Wii Pad and stuff if you
want to play like regular games instead of using the Wii Remote, although it will support
a Wii Remote and all the Wii accessories as well.
So that's kind of neat.
And then of course, you know, they talked about some of the revisions to the Wii Pad
is what they're calling it now, the Wii Game Pad.
And basically, you know, the mysterious buttons that were shown there, the one below the directional
pad is the near field communication thing, which is weird because I thought it would
be like on the screen.
It seems to make more sense to me, but I guess they had to put it on the side or something.
So they have a TV button on there.
What the TV button is for is for actually using the tablet as a remote for your TV,
like a universal remote.
You can actually launch the system and everything from the pad before you even turn the system
on you or you can just switch the channel on your TV.
I could do that with my Xbox controller.
Good question from She-Hulk in our chat room.
And I didn't catch this either.
No Blu-ray or DVD for the Wii U?
They didn't say what they're using.
Huh.
Interesting.
OK.
They didn't say what kind of discs they're using.
Maybe they feel it's not needed because I noticed Reggie did emphasize, and the way
he said it too is very interesting.
He said, you know, Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, it's there.
You know, he's like, it's all there.
Yes, of course it's there, but we want you to experience Miiverse, you know, it's kind
of interesting.
Well, let's talk about stuff that people aren't going to care about, and let's talk more in
great detail about something else.
But to his credit, what else are you going to say about Netflix and Amazon and Hulu?
Everybody knows that stuff already, you know?
They're there.
Yay!
That's really all there is to say.
Yeah.
You rhymed.
Rama in our chat room says Wii U will support Blu-ray storage.
OK.
Well, I haven't seen anything yet, but I would assume it's Blu-ray unless they're going to
have their own proprietary format, which, you know, whatever.
One, of course, the big game, the first game that they unveiled was Pikmin 3.
You know, something that has been rumored to be coming to the Wii or the Wii U at some
point, and it is a launch title, so they showed off Pikmin 3, and it looks pretty, except
I don't care about Pikmin, so, you know, whatever.
And as you mentioned, you know, Hulu Plus, Netflix, YouTube, and Amazon Instant Video
coming to the Wii U, hopefully at launch, because they like to announce things that
aren't necessarily going to be ready.
Scribblenauts Unlimited was another game that they showed off that's pretty awesome.
It does use the tablet, so you can actually create your own words in this, so that's kind
of cool.
That's the neat feature there, and it can be played exclusively on the tablet if you
want.
And then they announced some stuff from Namco, which I honestly have never heard of before
today, but Tekken Tag Tournament 2 and Tank Tank Tank, where did that come from?
I'm getting a Wii U.
I did not hear these rumors.
I would have never heard them on our show.
We would never have, you know, known about that a few weeks ago.
Yeah.
And then of course, a surprise, they're trying to Director's Cut coming to the Wii U, which
is neat.
Now, I might have missed this because I was playing in a home over there for a second
checking out the awesome backyard that Blender built for the clubhouse, but Mass Effect 3,
Wii U?
Mass Effect 3 is turned to the Wii U.
Which has a lot of us kind of wondering, how is that going to work, because, I mean, you
can't...
Maybe you target on your little monitor.
Well, yeah, no, that part I figure maybe the biotics and the gun stuff is on the monitor
or whatever, but I'm kind of like, how can you just skip Mass Effect 2?
Like Mass Effect 1, I can see people skipping, although I don't recommend it.
I could see you skipping that, but you can't skip Mass Effect 2.
You can't.
So Mass Effect 3 is going to have to really have something special to separate it from
the other versions to get me to want to buy it.
Although Mass Effect 3 does have a pretty awesome multiplayer, so it'll be interesting
to see if that's pulled off as well on the Nintendo system.
Plus, microtransaction hell, again, I wonder if that's going to be pulled off as seamlessly
on the Wii U.
They must think so.
So I think that tells us a lot right there about Nintendo's online structure.
If EA's willing to put Mass Effect 3 on it.
Another title that they announced was Sing, which is being developed by the DJ Hero developers,
and Sing is your generic karaoke game with the words on the Wii pad.
Whoopty shit.
That's what I have to say about that.
And admit it, Call Me Maybe was stuck in your head all week long after that, and it's the
number one song on iTunes.
Nope.
It was not.
Honestly.
I've never heard of that before.
I would play it for you, but you'd slap me.
Is it that bad?
It's pretty bad.
3DS stuff, they talked a little bit about Paper Mario, that's supposed to be coming
out this season, holiday season.
New Super Mario Brothers 2, which is headed to the 3DS on August 19th.
Also Luigi's Mansion, Dark Moon for the 3DS this holiday.
They of course announced, I thought it was going to be New Super Mario Brothers Me, oh,
but they had to trump me, and it's now called New Super Mario Brothers U, which is announced,
and it will have multiplayer games.
Gotcha.
Oh!
Nintendo.
And so they have that coming.
Batman Arkham City Armored Edition is headed to the Wii U, and basically the Game of the
Year edition with some extra bells and whistles in there.
Let's see.
I just want to say real quick, because some of the folks in the chat room are commenting,
we're about a minute lagged from when we say things to when they get encoded and people
hear them.
So people in chat right now are talking about Mass Effect 3.
Acidic Vampire says, no Mass Effect 1 and 2 on the Wii U equals fail.
And Act Deft reminds us, PlayStation 3 skipped Mass Effect 1.
But again, I'm saying Mass Effect 1 is okay to skip.
I don't recommend it, but it's okay.
But they had though, to be fair, they had a motion comic.
Yes, and What Up G reminds us that they did have that bridge.
So Technus says Bioware will just do another interactive graphic comic.
And that's certainly kind of the likely thing.
Now Dark Tetsuya linked us in chat to the story on MyNintendoNews that mentions that
Mass Effect 3 Take Earth Back, which I guess is what they're calling the Wii U version,
will include an enhanced storyline from the original game on PlayStation, oh no, this
says PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
I think he got the stuff mixed up, because I was going to say Take Earth Back I heard
was a DLC expansion that's possibly coming in the future.
So never mind, I guess that's not about the Wii U.
That's what I get for trying to do stories live.
And of course, and I'm surprised that they did this, because I didn't think it's that
popular anymore, but I guess it is, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, no, it said the original game,
so this is about the Wii U version, it's the original game on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
and PC.
Sorry, I'm just, I'm seeing this for the first time, so I'm trying to process this myself
here.
Because it hasn't spoken about the enhanced content, and they're saying hopefully it's
not just going to be the reworked ending.
But I had heard a rumor previously that Take Earth Back was supposed to be some type of
expansion for the multiplayer game that had more maps, and more human classes.
It's just probably the game of the year edition of Mass Effect 3 is what they're getting.
And I mean, that's pretty much what it is, and with some extra bells and whistles, that's,
that is a lot of their launch line up.
Whatever.
Anyhow, move on.
So then of course, you know, there was also talk, well they announced also Wii Fit U,
which is going to be coming to the Wii U as well, and they showed that it had like a pedometer
attachment that's available as well, so you'll be able to interact with that.
And then also, you know, some of these Wii U games, they showed that you can play them
without actually having the system on the TV, so you can exercise and stuff like that
without looking at the TV, I don't know, it just looks stupid if you're working with the
Wii Fit balance board and Wii U tablet, I mean just, come on, it's just, whatever.
And then finally also, the Wii U will support two different Wii gamepads, however there
will be a hit in frames per second, it will actually be halved, so the upper limit will
be 30 frames per second on both Wii U tablets, which, eh, whatever.
Finally, I guess, you know the big thing for me with the Wii U, oh, oh, I forgot my most
favorite one unveiled that they had, Lego City Stories, which is now Lego City Undercover,
is coming to the 3DS and the Wii U, and it looks pretty awesome.
I think it's a different developer now, because before it looked like Grand Theft Auto, it
still has that kind of sandbox thing to it, but it definitely doesn't look like Grand
Theft Auto anymore, but it looks pretty amazing, definitely one of the launch games to have
on that.
However, it doesn't sell me a system, and I still am worried that they didn't talk enough
about what their online plan is.
Yeah, we know about Miiverse and I can talk with people, leave them little notes about
shit in-game, but that doesn't tell me what your infrastructure is, or how you're playing
to do all this stuff.
You know, in the games that they announced for launch, half of them are stuff that's
already been out.
You have Ninja Gaiden 3, you've got Batman Arkham City, and Darksiders 2, which are going
to have already been out for a few months by the time the system launches.
You know, Assassin's Creed 3 looks pretty cool, but why should I buy another system
to play a game that I can already play on my system right now, and it will look pretty
much the same, but it's going to have a few extra gimmicks with it, with this new controller.
That's the problem that doesn't sell me on this stuff.
For the Wii, for the people that own a Wii, yes, it's a great upgrade to the system that
you already have, but you can also get that same kind of upgrade with an Xbox or PlayStation
3.
That's the problem I have.
There's just not a lot to launch, you know, the lineup is not that great for me.
Also, new Super Mario Brothers U.
You mean you don't want Nintendo Land?
Oh yeah, how am I forgetting about Nintendo Land?
Nintendo Land.
I was going to say, I haven't heard of Nintendo Land yet.
Nintendo Land.
Um, basically the Wii Sports Wii Play, whatever, Tech Demo Land.
The giant cocktease land, because there's my F-Zero, did you see that?
It is basically Tech Demo Land, that is what it is, it's their fucking spinning tech demos
together.
Well.
I will bet you anything that will be a fucking packing game.
It has to be.
What was Wii Sports?
What was Wii Sports?
It was Tech Demo Land.
And it was the pack-in game.
So of course Nintendo Land is the pack-in game.
They might not necessarily have a pack-in game, but I think it might be the pack-in
game.
Which is great.
Maybe they'll have two, they might have two SKUs where one is the, kind of like, remember
the old old school NES, how they actually had three versions of that when that first
came out.
There was the robot pack that came with Rob the Robot and like Gyromite.
And then there was the action pack that came with the Zapper and Super Mario Brothers Duck
Hunt.
And then there was the vanilla ass pack, I don't remember what it was called.
The core.
The core?
Did they call things core back then?
I think it was called the core system.
Hmm.
Well whatever, it was just the NES and Super Mario Brothers basically.
So I wonder if the Wii U won't launch with a similar type of thing where you could have
just the plain Jane system or you get the extra, maybe the extra Wii U controllers since
we hear that they will support two players.
Yeah, here's the thing though, they're gonna support two players, but not any of the launch
titles are gonna support two players on those pads.
So it's something that's coming way down the line.
But I'm sorry, it just doesn't, you have a brand new system that you're launching and
then you, like your Mario game, New Super Mario Brothers U, don't get me wrong, New
Super Mario Brothers is probably an awesome game.
I didn't play much of the first game, but you know what, I played New Super Mario Brothers
on the DS and it was great.
It was a great game.
And I'm sure Wii, New Super Mario Brothers was pretty awesome.
And then you've got New Super Mario Brothers for the 3DS, New Super Mario Brothers 2.
And now you have New Super Mario Brothers U.
The problem is, that game looks last gen.
And that game looks like a Wii game.
And yes, I know, you know, it's a great game and you're launching it on the system, but
you, I think you need, if you want to show off this game, this system, you need to like
come out with something big, like a Super Mario Galaxy type of game or a Mario 64.
Something like, holy shit, I did not expect to see Mario like that instead of, hey look,
it's slightly prettier New Super Mario Brothers.
It just doesn't look good.
As much as I, like, I do want that Mario Brothers Wii U game, but I'm not sure I'm totally sold
on this system yet.
But just to be devil's advocate for a minute, doesn't Pikmin 3 kind of show off some of
those capabilities a little better?
Tank.
Yeah, but Pikmin.
Pikmin 3 is not a game I think that's going to appeal to everybody.
I don't think it, Pikmin doesn't have, it has a following, but it doesn't have a huge
following.
It's a niche game.
Let's be honest, it's a niche game.
It didn't sell that great.
It's not a Super Mario Brothers.
Rama's reminding me of a couple other Nintendo packs that I forgot earlier.
There was the Power Pack when the Power Pad came out.
That was later.
But yeah, the MarioBrothers.com world class track meet.
And he says that there was one that was Hogan's Alley in Duck Hunt.
I don't remember Hogan's Alley ever being a pack-in game, but maybe it was like, it
wasn't very well distributed.
I remember Hogan's Alley as a launch game, and that would make sense as like a zapper
pack or something, but anyway.
Orange Launch Radio reporting the news from 25 years ago.
But I mean, that's just my problem though, is they don't have, there's still a lot of
information that we need from Nintendo.
A price and a date, for God's sake.
Well, but they did that with the Wii.
They came out later around Tokyo Game Show time, because they don't do Tokyo Game Show,
but they'll do their own little thing, and that's when they'll announce it.
Well, cool, but I need to know more about the system.
And right now, as it stands, I'm not buying one.
I'm not even buying one near launch.
I just, I don't want it.
I don't...
I'm kind of with you, but the price will, I mean, A, the price, and B, my disposable
income, which I may or may not have at that end of the year, will really factor into my
decision.
One other thing too is just, I don't, I learned my lesson with the Wii.
The Wii was awesome, I had fun, but see, the Wii compared to what was already currently
available was very, very different.
This is just, hey look, I have a traditional controller with a goddamn screen on it.
Here's my problem with it.
You know all these cool things that you're talking about with that controller?
Well guess what?
You've had two screens for fucking years now with the DS, and how many really truly unique
games have you seen come out of it?
Probably a handful.
You can count them on one hand.
Of games that are really using both screens, just in an amazing way.
But I don't think we're gonna get a lot of these really big games, because you just,
I mean you've had time to do something unique with this, and you're just not gonna use these
two screens.
It's gonna be a gimmick.
I will say this though to Nintendo's credit, is that even though the Wii U lineup left
me feeling, and I think a lot of us feeling a little, eh, especially when they ended with
Nintendo Land, I think that was a big, eh.
Oh, yeah.
That was just kinda, that's it?
Yeah, that was too bad.
There was no Zelda or something?
But, the 3DS lineup looked great.
I gotta say.
That new, you know, the Golden Coins Mario game looked great.
The Castlevania game especially looked great.
So I feel like the 3DS, I kinda wish they'd shown, I mean I realize they did that whole
second press conference where they showed more, but I was kinda hoping for a little
more at the big show, because there's a lot of good stuff going on in the 3DS.
Was there something that was missing?
The redesign of the 3DS?
Well, that too, but, Animal Crossing.
No Animal Crossing.
It was missing, wasn't it?
Delayed.
Don't think it's coming out this year.
Delayed!
Not coming out this year.
Swept under the rug.
Delayed.
I betcha.
I, you know what, I guarantee that's not coming out this year.
Too many, there's too many games that they have first party that are coming out that
they won't put out this year.
It's not ready.
I think the Wii U might end up suffering a little bit like the 3DS did.
Not a strong enough launch, and next year they cut the price.
It is a very, I gotta say, I mean, you're gonna have a hard time selling somebody on,
let's just, you know, an average parent or whatever, okay, I can buy this system now,
well who knows what the Wii's gonna be, you know, dropping down to, I mean, let's say
it goes down to, you know, 99 bucks or something, oh man, 99 dollar Wii, that'd be crazy, but,
you know, you've got the Wii system right now, and I can buy new Super Mario Brothers,
and it's pretty awesome, I mean, the people aren't gonna know, oh hey, oh that's the Wii
U version, you know, and honestly, the Wii U stuff, aside from, oh cool, I, you know,
I can play on my Wii pad or whatever when, um, you know, someone's on the TV, fuck, that's
not how you're supposed to be selling your system.
You're not supposed to be selling your system, hey, when someone wants to watch TV, you can
play your game system on this pad, no, you're supposed to say, hey, when someone's playing
something on the TV, you bop out your fucking 3DS and you play New Super Mario Brothers
2 on there, that's how you fucking solve that situation, you sell them on the portable system
and the regular system, you don't say, hey, you don't fucking need the portable system
because, hey, you got the stupid tablet now, they're fucking stupid, I mean, it's just
dumb.
Let's, we're at an hour 18, so, before we move on this, let me read some comments from
chat on this whole thing, um, Clover Nikon in our chatroom says, at, um, vognetwork.com
live chat says, I would like a new platformer of Black Tiger for the Wii U and that would
help convince me to buy one, I have the PlayStation 2 compilation pack with Black Tiger and Dungeon
Buster chimes in saying, I'd snatch one up day one if it had something like that, everybody's
got their dream game, you know, I've been sitting here saying F-Zero, F-Zero, F-Zero,
god damn it, F-Zero, you know, everybody's got their game that they want to have, um,
let's see, uh, Acidic Vampire says, screw a 3DS Castlevania, give me a next gen Castlevania
a la Symphony of the Night, amen to that, shadow next gen, who is at the show, chimes
in, most of the Wii U titles shown at E3 are launch titles, so, no, no, no, no, no, true,
true and not true, launch window titles, no, I'm serious, they're not launch day titles,
they're launch window and that's, and although what he's saying is mostly true, Nintendo
doesn't, I mean, Nintendo certainly doesn't project, let's say, quite as badly as Sony,
Last Guardian, or Microsoft, Halo 4 last year and Tomb Raider, do, but, Nintendo did, really,
troll us, what, really, they, they don't project, not as bad, I'm not saying, but I will, I
am saying, Nintendo did do that whole Smash Brothers thing last year, and we know that
that's a good three years away, but, but, but, but, they didn't show anything, and they
said, we're announcing it, it'll come out eventually, ooh, Rob, Raginator's calling
on you, what, why, what, F-Zero is overrated, get out, someone smack him with a fish, is
he in the home, is he in the home, cause I'm gonna go bop him in the head and Sony home
right now, I'm on the hunt, where's Raginator, I'm gonna go smack him, meanwhile, speaking
of Sony, let's talk a little bit about Sony, Sony had some pretty interesting things, they
came out talking about, you know, their Sony mascot Battle Royale, Sony All Stars Battle
Royale game, did announce two new characters for it, and kind of confirming that there
are gonna be some third party characters in there, they announced Big Daddy's gonna be
one of the playable characters, and also Nathan Drake, which is kind of a duh, but those are
gonna be available as well, I'm sure they've got a lot more to unveil there, they did talk
a little bit about some interesting ideas, I guess, one of them was this, I don't even
know why, a Wonder Book, it kind of makes me wonder why they would come out with this,
Wonder Book is basically this paper book that has AR tags in it, and it interacts with,
not necessarily, well the move, it does interact with that, but it interacts with the Playstation
I, and it's supposed to make reading more like TV, and one of the first games, if you
will, that's gonna use it is JK Rowling's Book of Spells, and you know, they're kind
of selling it on, oh hey, she wrote it, and it's all this all new stuff, and hey, check
it out, it's pretty sweet, it was pretty fucking boring, it was probably the worst thing that
they had of their whole.
Here's the thing though, now keep in mind, we weren't watching the press conference,
we were only reading the tweets, because we were in line for Indiana Jones, or something
at the time, so while you guys were kind of like seeing that, and I guess bored with the
presentation, those of us were kind of reading about it, and we actually sat there going,
that is a brilliant move by Sony, because the part there that you glossed over that
I think is crucial, they have fucking JK Rowling in their back pocket now, don't underestimate
the power of that woman, Pottermore ain't that great either, Pottermore is actually
pretty neat, and people, but I suck at mixing spells, MC people, there's a lot of people
going crazy over it, Pottermore is also very age broad, true, I just think, I think there's
a lot more to this, especially with the whole, you know, Sony does have a family friendly
thing that they need to try to get a little bit of that Nintendo audience, and I think
the Wonder Book is a way to kind of push that, don't underestimate it, that's all I'm saying,
you know what, I understand where you're coming from there, but it's, you're asking someone
to purchase, if they don't own a Playstation 3, you're asking them to purchase a Playstation
3, a Playstation Move set up, and then this Wonder Book on top of it, like a $400 investment
for a fucking lame ass looking game, but, I keep saying Wonder Book and I think of Super
Book, but, right, what if you're the soccer mom sitting there deciding which one of those
three systems to put under the tree at Christmas, the Playstation 3, the 360, or the Wii U,
and you've got a decision to make, one of them has JK Rowling in it, oh, well, I enjoy
the Harry Potter books myself, being a soccer mom, I might buy that one instead.
Well, you know what, that's fine, because at least they'll be disappointed and they'll
still have a capable gaming system when they're done wasting their time with Book of Spells,
but honestly, I mean, it could be worse, I guess, but to buy that for that specific thing,
it looks terrible, it looks fucking terrible, and if you think about it, Rob, they also
have Harry Potter for Kinect, so if you want to go that bullshit route of, well, they have
JK Rowling to this Book of Things, yeah, I could read a fucking book and pretend to do
magic or I could become fucking Harry Potter!
Alright.
I think becoming Harry Potter wins!
Fine, you made your point.
I'm in fucking Hogwarts, my creepy face is on that stupid avatar!
Fine, you made your point, let's move on, we're spending more time talking about Wonder
Book than they did at the conference.
So anyways, other things that they talked about besides Wonder Book, of course, a lot
of cool stuff for Playstation Plus, Playstation Plus, as we mentioned, you're gonna get a
lot of free content, and they announced, you know, the Playstation Plus members are gonna
get 12 new games starting this month, and of course, you know, full free games, if you're
a subscriber of Playstation Plus, and they're gonna be adding more as time goes on.
Also, Playstation 1 classics are coming back to the Vita, no duh there, that's kind of,
you know, been leaked out already, and they're gonna slowly roll those out, starting with
I think Final Fantasy VII, and maybe Tomb Raider, some other stuff.
That's pretty amazing.
Also, some Vita titles, um, not a whole lot of, like, first-party Vita titles that are
gonna be coming out for, you know, the, um...
I was also shocked at the lack of Vita.
It was basically, I mean, all the stuff that was coming out this fall is pretty much stuff
we already knew about.
I mean, you know, LittleBigPlanet carding, and, um, LittleBigPlanet.
To be fair, some of that may show up at Tokyo Game Show.
After all, Sony is a Japanese company, some of that may be in their back pocket for Tokyo
Game Show.
At least, I hope to hell that's what happens.
Um, and then of course, also, um, you know, there's the Playstation, um, you know, All
Stars Battle Royale, which is gonna be on the Vita as well.
Um, another pretty cool thing...
I gotta say this, Shadownextgen in our chatroom says, where is the Vita price drop?
That was made up by the internet.
I don't, I think people assume just because the 3DS had a price drop, the Vita was gonna
get one too.
It's too soon, they're not gonna announce a price drop yet.
Yeah, I kind of agree, and I think the tech in the Vita, it would be a bigger loss to
Sony to do something like that.
They're not gonna, first off, they're not gonna announce, I mean, a price drop three
months after it's come out, that's gonna be like, oh, yeah, we failed.
I mean, they're not gonna do that.
They're not gonna also, I mean, they're not gonna announce, hey, we're gonna drop the
price in, uh, October.
That being said, however, now that they've kind of ignored it at this show, now they
might have painted themselves in a corner to have to do that.
Tokyo Game Show is gonna be critical to the future of the Vita.
Believe it.
Um, they did talk about, you know, some games that are kind of a big does, um, Call of Duty
Black Ops Declassified, not necessarily gonna be the same Black Ops 2 game, so, it's a little
disappointing to me, but, I have to see what it is, and then Assassin's Creed 3 Liberation,
which is gonna be its own kind of unique game with its own character, which is kind of cool.
Um, that launches October 30th as well.
Um, and then, of course, you know, the big, big reveal that they had was the brand new,
um, was it, uh, Quadric Dream Game, which is Beyond Two Souls, and, um, just such an
amazing looking game.
Basically, kind of taking everything that you liked from Heavy Rain and just amping
it up.
Just the motion capture in it now is just ridiculous how well that looks, um, and, you
know, big name stars, you know, behind it as well, just, it's cool, I mean, definitely
gotta check it out, um, they have now, um, oh god, who's the fucking actress, I hate
myself.
Ellen Page.
Ellen Page, yes, Ellen Page is now, um, Juno, doing the mocap, and, uh, Kitty Pride.
That too.
Kitty Pride.
Doing the mocap and the, um, you know, the voice work for that game.
I saw the screens from it, it looks really good.
It's interesting, it's kind of like a supernatural, uh, Heavy Rain almost.
You've got, you know, you're playing as the spirit and you're also playing as her, and
so the spirit thing can, you know, interact with the environment and stuff, um, it's neat.
It looked, it looked pretty cool, and, you know, if you don't like the quick time events
stuff, then maybe not for you, but, um, you know, then you probably didn't like Heavy
Rain either.
So, uh, I, I need to go watch that trailer, I heard a lot of excitement about it.
Granted, I kind of miss the boat on Heavy Rain, but, yeah, definitely watch the demo
footage.
They have 20 minutes from the game, it looks awesome.
I'm gonna check it out, for sure.
Really cool.
But, uh, so overall Sony's conference, yeah, uh, it's pretty cool.
Oh, and one more thing.
Oh, Big Planet 2 is getting some DLC, um, that's gonna turn the Vita into a controller
for the game.
That's pretty cool.
That's cool.
That's very cool.
A lot of cross play stuff there.
I think, honestly, um, out of the three, I think they have the strongest, because they
showed off, um, this really amazing game, a new property for them, a new IP.
And then, of course, um, you know, they were showing off some of, like, the stuff that
they had.
Third party was pretty awesome.
It didn't seem like there was a lot that bored me too much.
Wonder Book was pretty eh, I mean, but it wasn't like, it wasn't like Nintendo's press
conference was just like, okay, when we get into the good stuff, when we get into the
good stuff, it's over?
It's over?
I mean, it's like, when are we getting to these, like, holy crap, holy crap, I need
to buy this system for this game, but, I don't know, it's pretty cool, and I mean.
I think next year's Nintendo's press conference, it better be anyway, it's gonna be a lot like
that one a couple years ago.
Remember that year, I think this was two years ago, where Reggie came out on stage and was
basically like, you want games, fine, here's some games, bam, bam, bam, bam, and he showed
like eight of them off in a row and he's like, there's all your fucking games, goodnight.
For real, like that, that's how we do it, but like, that's what he's gonna have to do
next year.
The problem with the Wii U thing was, they had like the three conferences, and it was
just like, we have to explain to you why the Wii U is important, fuck, I don't care, I
want to see the goddamn games, I'll figure it out by the game footage that you have.
You can explain to me later if I go, I don't understand why the game is cool, you know,
I just, I don't know, whatever.
Zappy in our chatroom says, Nintendo needs to learn the magic of one more thing, harness
the Steve Jobs.
Perhaps.
He did that with fucking Metroid, remember that?
One more thing, fucking Metroid games, like, that's awesome.
Metroid game by Team Ninja, that sounds awesome and will be okay when it comes out.
Alright, anyhow, was that, I think that might have been the same year, no, that was the
year before, I think.
It was the year that that Metroid game was actually coming out, that I think was the
year where Reggie was like, we got this, we got this, we got this, and if any of you fuckers
write that no games are coming out for the Wii, I will personally come to your house
and beat your ass.
At least, that's what I heard.
My body is ready to kick some ass.
Alright, quickly, the third party crest conferences, because we're already at that one and a half.
They didn't have that many this year, but Ubisoft did, sorry off of them, of course.
Konami had the online one that showed lots and lots of Metal Gear Rising, which, granted,
if you like violence, looks great.
It sounds cool.
I didn't watch that one, unfortunately.
Ubisoft, they had Just Dance 4, duh.
It is going to have some Wii U specific features, including a puppet master mode where you can
change up the dance moves on the fly.
Yeah, that's kind of fun if you're in a party environment, I guess.
Marvel Avengers Battle for Earth, which is coming to the Wii U, and Kinect.
Uh, and it also is supposed to be like, kind of, they said drawing from the Secret Invasion
universe.
It has like, Skrulls posing as superheroes and stuff, but it looks terrible.
The Secret Invasion thing was crap.
It looks fucking terrible.
It was even worse than Civil War.
The gameplay looks bad, just saying.
Um, and they have like the X-Men in there, so I don't understand how that's Avengers,
but whatever.
Never involved in Wolverines in every team in the Marvel universe, ever.
It's true.
Hey, he's gotta work.
He even powered up, he even hung out with Power Pack.
Hey, time for a total tangent where I derail the show.
I finally saw the Avengers this weekend.
Wasn't it good?
Did you stay for the whole thing?
It was pretty good.
The whole thing?
No, we thought once we saw the dude, we thought it was over, and then we realized in the car
on the way home, wasn't Jamie talking about a scene with Bla Bla Bla?
Oh, god damn it, there must have been more after the credits.
This is why you always, always, always, always, always stay through the entire credits of
a Marvel movie, because they will fuck with you.
One does not simply leave a movie.
Leave a Marvel movie before the end of the credits.
Okay, I made a mistake.
It's on YouTube.
That means, that means, we're gonna go back and see it.
Rayman Legends was another game that they showed off, and that was the sequel to Rayman
Origins.
Pretty awesome.
It's gonna have five player co-op with the Wii U, and also the Pro Controller and Wiimote
are supported, and the gameplay looks just awesome.
Just really, really cool stuff that they've got going there with that, so very cool.
One of the games that I thought was a joke when they were showing it originally on the
Wii U pre-E3 conference, which was a zombie game that this really dorky guy was just kind
of being all cliche about, and like, I need help!
Help me, internet!
I need to know how to beat this boss!
I need to show him!
That commercial was the dumbest thing I've ever seen.
But it's a real game.
Zombie U is the name of it.
It's a fucking stupid name.
It was originally Killer Freaks from Outer Space, which was gonna be a neat looking game
that had almost evil rabbits looking characters, but now it's a generic zombie shooter game.
But they're gonna have some interesting uses of the Wii controller, and honestly, to me,
this game looks like it's gonna be another Red Steel, which some people may like Red
Steel, but Red Steel ended up being one of those games that, hey, it looked pretty cool
at E3, and then when it came out, it was not very cool.
It was just kinda, ehhh.
But we'll see, I mean, zombie game, neat.
And then, of course, they talked a little bit about Far Cry 3, which, oh, that trailer
that they showed was a bit graphic.
It was boobies, hey, boobies, and apparently, you know, I know Bobby was talking a little
bit about it, how, and I even asked him, like, hey, were you watching this online, or were
you watching this on, like, Spike or G4 or something like that?
Did they censor those fuckin' tits on TV?
Nope, they did not.
So that's a little problem.
And Boobiesoft hashtag was launched from there.
And then, um.
By the way, I love Aisha Tyler, and I think it's great that she got to emcee, I think
she, it's funny, because what do her and Joel McHale have in common?
They've both hosted the soup on E.
Aisha Tyler was the host before.
So I love her, I think she's great.
She's got a podcast, too, Girl, I almost said Girl's Gone Wow, but that's not her show.
That's not her show.
It's Girl on Guy, I think is the name of the show, and it's pretty good.
Alan's a really big fan.
But she's actually a gamer, so that's kinda cool.
And she has a big lady boner for Halo.
I like her a lot.
She's funny.
I've met her.
I would love to have her on the show.
I know that will never happen, because she, like, does the talk on CBS.
But I would just love to chat with Aisha Tyler.
She was funny.
I met her in person once, but, um.
I don't know, it's.
She was not that annoying, but the other guy, oh my fucking god.
Why was he there?
He was so fucking annoying, and the banter was just annoying.
And then finally, they also, they were talking a little bit about their service that they've
got.
They have some free games that you can play, including, they've added Trials Evolution,
and Beyond Good and Evil HD, I Am Alive, and some more stuff to their free play service.
So that's pretty awesome that they've got that as well.
And last but not least, the big thing.
And they're kind of like a, you know, proponent of the, oh yeah.
And we got one more thing we have to show you.
So, um, their one more thing that they showed off was this game, a brand new IP called Watch
Dogs.
That game looked rad.
And it looks fantastic.
I did watch that.
That looked rad.
And you know what?
Most people were going around saying, Ubisoft won E3, I mean, whatever the hell that means.
You won, congratulations, you win an E3.
I think they did.
They based on that almost single-handedly, that.
It had more people talking than anything else.
That was an amazing game.
It's basically this kind of futuristic game where you play this guy who has, he's hijacked
control of this, it's in the future, it's Chicago, and basically this computer runs
the whole city.
Everything.
Every telephone networks, you know, street lights, you know, whatever.
He has this, almost like a magic phone that he can dial in and hack anything, you find
out information about people, and it's just this whole espionage, you know, stealth kind
of action game, and there's a shooter element in there as well.
And just the integration with your phone, it's supposed to, you know, kind of use the
smart glass stuff.
Really cool-looking thing.
Now, I don't mean to sound anti-Nintendo, but A, was that game announced for Wii U?
Nope.
Because I don't think it was.
And B, I think that's a real problem when more, that's a real problem when more people
are talking about somebody else's game that's not coming to your system more so than your
brand new system.
That is very bad.
Well, here's the other bad thing, too, is when you're thinking about it, it's technically
a system that is capable of graphics that are on these two other systems that have this
game, and it has a fucking tablet controller already that could support this stuff, and
yet it's not on your system.
So that's a problem.
However-
Yeah, I mean, to be fair, yet, we never know what might ultimately pan out before the launch.
Well, they keep insisting-
It may not be a launch window game.
Remember, Reggie was focusing on launch window games.
This may not be-
This definitely isn't launch window.
That's for sure.
That could be the problem.
Well, here's the other thing, too, is-
And Shadow Next Gen says it wasn't announced for any system.
It wasn't announced for 360 or PS3 either.
The press site they have listed for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Everyone thinks it's for Next Gen, though, and it could be.
It looks very Next Gen, that's for sure.
Another game that was not at Ubisoft at all, which is kind of surprising, was Rainbow Six
Patriots.
Where was that?
That was just missing.
So, who knows where that's been, but I don't know.
Pretty exciting show.
Let's line up.
Let's quickly do EA.
We were running long for part A, but we knew we would.
It's E3 week.
EA, real quick, they had lots of sports games to show off.
Of course, brand new.
Madden now, it's a brand new engine that's going to be running.
The new Infinity Engine has really awesome physics and stuff, so that looks pretty cool.
They talked a little bit about some new games.
Dead Space 3, which is kind of a duh that's coming out in February.
Need for Speed Most Wanted being rebooted by Criterion.
Looks like Burnout with Cops, Burnout Paradise with Cops, great.
Sim City that's going to be now online only, which is kind of annoying.
Boo.
That decision is going to tank that franchise.
Watch.
Because what they're saying, and Bobby went into this a little bit on his show tonight,
and I totally am agreeing with his sentiment, is that it's getting away from that whole
sandbox thing.
Like, remember how you could, like, unleash Godzilla and a nuclear strike and all that
on your city?
And then, okay, just go back and load your save file.
You can't do that.
When it's online only, there's no save files now.
People like doing that in the Sims.
It's just, why would you do that to your franchise?
I think that is a really bad decision.
Watch.
It worked for Diablo.
It's not going to work for you, EA.
People were used to, Diablo being online only, I mean, not that everybody's okay with that
anyway, but so many people were already playing that game online that it wasn't a deal breaker.
But SimCity, you don't play that online.
Ever.
And it's sad, too, because that's a game that I would like to play offline, and it looks
like an amazing game.
It's just, eh.
Unless you do have a local file.
Because for some online franchises, they do pull your data off a local file.
So that could work.
But not likely.
Yeah, I don't think that they're going to, because Diablo 3, if you think about it, could
have done that as well, but they didn't go that route.
I think they just shot the franchise in the foot with that decision.
Watch.
They can always change it.
They've got time.
I don't think they're going to.
I think the whole thing is they're trying to combat piracy, and they think that online
only is the way to go.
But, I don't know.
Once again, you're hurting the legitimate users of it.
Medal of Honor Warfighter looks amazing.
Very realistic looking game.
Crisis 3 is just kind of weird, I don't understand why I need to use a bow and arrow in this
game.
Neat.
I mean, it's a beautiful looking game, that's for sure.
SimCity Social for Facebook, they announced, which, cool.
Battlefield 3, of course, they were, you know, the Battlefield 3 premium service, they announced
that.
It's out on PS3 first, and then PC and Xbox, kind of opposite of Call of Duty Elite.
Star Wars Old Republic is sort of going free to play.
They're going free to play up to level 15, and they're going to also be adding new content
as well.
Also Madden NFL kind of jumping on the social bandwagon that they have with FIFA, and they
actually have some interesting stuff now.
The new game has like a fake Twitter feed that's on there that comments on your performance
and stuff like you're having real fans comment on your game, which is kind of cool.
They've got that going, plus a lot of other presentation perks that they added with that.
Last but not least, the big one, EA has secured the UFC franchise, so that's going to be coming
to EA now, and they bought it from THQ for an unset amount of money, and basically the
reasoning behind that was UFC 3, which was the last UFC game to come out from THQ, didn't
make their money, so they have to cut it, and that's what they did.
They cut the franchise and sold it to EA, although I'm worried now if it's going to
be like EA Sports MMA, which is kind of terrible.
All right, well, thank you.
That was a lot of news from E3, but I think we kind of covered it all there and gave our
feedback as well as you guys there in our chat room, and we do have some more to talk
about.
We're not done with the show yet.
We're going to get into some of the little stuff in the next half.
What's kind of sad that we didn't see was no Dead Rising 3 announcement.
That is interesting.
That didn't end up happening.
Why do you think that is?
Maybe it's one of those things, like I've been hearing from a lot of different developers
and publishers, it's not ready to show.
They're not ready to show it yet, or they're not ready to talk about that yet.
Which is the whole excuse behind Last Guardian.
Yeah, Last Guardian.
Capcom had a few things that they were showing off, obviously Street Fighter.
You know what?
I don't really know.
They referred the Vita, and then they also had Lost Planet 3, which was a big thing.
Devil May Cry.
They were kind of focusing on those franchises.
If you think about it, those are coming out quarter one, so this might be a fourth quarter
game.
It might be something for next E3, or maybe something that they announced at the Tokyo
Game Show.
Who knows?
So, it may just not be ready yet.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, we're running a bit long, but we do have a few more segments we want to get in
here before we get to part B tonight.
Some people prefer it long.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates on what is coming
out a little sooner than any of the games we just talked about.
This week, we don't have a whole ton, but we've got Lollipop Chainsaw on PS3 and 360,
and that's sometimes all you need.
Dirt Showdown's supposed to be coming out this week, although I'm not sure if it's actually
going to be coming out on Tuesday, because they're having production problems.
But sometime, hopefully, this week.
That's on PS3 and 360.
And then, not a whole lot else.
You're a fan of the Nickelodeon series iCarly.
There's a Groovy Foodie game coming out on Nintendo DS.
On the Vita, getting a couple games, Metal Gear Solid HD Collection and Gravity Rush.
Gravity Rush looks pretty awesome, so hopefully that'll be pretty cool.
And then, I believe that's it.
All right, traveling to Japan.
Not a whole, whole lot over there, but on the Nintendo 3DS, gone.
Baku Baku Baku Adventure comes out this week, as well as Heavy Fire, The Chosen Few.
Again, that's the 3DS in Japan.
Going over to the PlayStation Vita.
Oh, I lied.
This is a big week, because there's a lot of people that are going to want this.
Persona 4, The Golden, comes out in Japan this week.
There's a whole little accessory set, as well, that you can get for the Vita.
There's also a Super Monkey Ball game called Tokumori Asobita comes out this week, as well,
on the PlayStation Vita.
I have a feeling more people will be crazy about the Persona 4.
I know there's a lot of fans of that here in the US.
Going to the PlayStation 3, Lollipop Chainsaw in Japan, as well, and also a game called
Lord of Sorcery, as well as some new joystick adapters coming for you.
Is that Lord of Sorcery from Sony?
I believe that is just Sorcery here.
It is from Sony.
Yeah, that's Sorcery.
And that's a move integrated game.
FIFA 12 gets a price reduction, as well, on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Quickly taking a look at the Xbox 360, Akai Katana Shin gets a price reduction this Friday,
as well as Eshatos gets a price reduction, as well, and Lollipop Chainsaw on the 360,
as well.
And that's Japan.
Dark Sakura?
Well, we have a few things in the UK, and I would tell everybody if my thing would pull
up.
There we go.
We have coming up on the 13th, Doctor Who, the Eternity Clock, and Gravity Rush.
And then on the 15th, we have Combat Wings, the Great Battles of World War II, Heroes
of Ruin, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier, and Lollipop Chainsaw.
And that would do it for the UK.
All right.
Well, let's go way back, back past E3 and past what's coming out this week, and go way
back in time to when things were a little bit simpler.
Back when you had to read about E3 and Nintendo Power.
Okay, maybe not that long ago, but still, pretty far back.
It's a segment we call the Classic Game of the Week, where Dark Sakura's gonna go into
the gaming vault and pull out an old-ass video game.
She thinks, hey, while you guys are waiting for all this stuff to come out, respect a
classic.
This is one from, literally from the vault, which is how I decided.
All right.
I picked a box of PS games, and this was the second one on them.
And what is this week's Classic Game of the Week?
Policemauts.
Policemauts is one of the cinematic adventure games.
It was done by Hideo Kojima.
It has...
Yeah.
It was a Konami game.
The old Konami logo.
Aw.
I missed that.
It was initially released for the PC 9821 in 1994.
And then they remade versions for the 3DO, PlayStation, and the Sega Saturn in 96.
It has never officially been released outside of Japan, although they were going to localize
it on the Saturn.
And then on August 24th, in honor of the 46th birthday of Hideo Kojima, there was an unofficial
translation patch that came out on the internet.
Policemauts is a, I would say, a spiritual successor to Snatcher.
It's the same type of game.
With this one, it's a very interesting game because it really refers back to different
references like to Lethal Weapon and Urashima Taro, which is an old Japanese tale.
The game is about a detective who travels to a space colony to investigate his ex-wife's
murder and her new husband's disappearance.
So it is first person, point and click interface, and you play as the protagonist, Jonathan
Ingram, who is a policeman, basically, a former police officer trained to be a police officer
in space.
With the console, you use the mouse, but on the Saturn version you can use the light gun
for shooting parts of the game, so it's actually a little bit more rich in terms of play.
But on the other consoles, it's basically point and click, first person shooter type
stuff, with random saves and everything, and it actually has an easter egg that, if you've
got a save file of Tokimeki Memorial, it refers back to it, so pretty funny.
And of course, that came up in Metal Gear Solid, where it read your save files on your
PlayStation card.
Ooh, you are a careful man who saves often.
So basically, again, like I said, he is, Jonathan Ingram is a police snot who is assigned to
Beyond Coast, which is the first functional space colony in 2013, so next year, or apparently
colonizing space.
So he goes to see what happened to Lorraine, who is his ex-wife, and her husband's vanished,
so he has to find out what's going on.
He works with his buddy from the LAPD, Ed Brown, who is helping him with the investigation.
And so, it really is just that, point and click.
Now, for different versions that came out, I did mention it originally was on the NEC
PC 9821, and it was one CD-ROM that had an installation floppy disk, and the cutscenes
were rendered in hand-drawn pixel art, instead of full motion video.
It also is considered to be some of the best pixel art in the history of video games.
Then it came out on the 3DO on September 29th, 1995, that was two CD-ROMs, and it had animated
cutscenes.
It was CG animation.
All the graphics were completely redrawn for it.
The PS version came out on January 19th, 1996, on two disks.
That's the version I have.
Actually, I have the best hits version of that, just to say.
Then it came out on the Sega Saturn on September 13th, 1996, and it used, like I said, the
light gun.
Other versions that have been out is that there was the Policenauts pilot disk for 3DO
that had a playable demo of the backstory of the game, featurettes, and information
on the voice actors and developers.
Then there was the Policenauts private collection that came out on the Playstation February
9th, 1996.
It had a lot of the same content, and an earlier version of the game's script.
The Playstation 1 has been reissued twice.
There's the Konami The Best version, which is the one that I have, and then it came out
for the Playstation Store, making it downloadable for Playstation Portable and for PS3.
There was a plan to localize it on the Saturn.
There actually is cover art that exists for this, and there's a fan translation that was
done for the Playstation, which you can actually use through Emulator.
I've seen a bunch of it through that.
I've played through half of it in Japanese with a copy of that script.
There was also a soundtrack that was released, and then Policenauts FN, which is a range
of versions of the music from the soundtrack.
There was the MIDI Power Pro 3, so there was a MIDI arrangement of the Policenauts music,
and the Snatcher Policenauts music disc.
It was called Music Collection of Hideo Kojima Black Disc.
And there you go, Policenauts.
If I may say so, there's also references to Policenauts and Snatcher in the Metal Gear
games.
When it detects your save files and all that.
In fact, here's an obvious one, there's a scene where Otacon is flashed back to being
a big nerd, and there's scenes from Policenauts and Snatcher in his flashbacks.
Baconbits in our chatroom asks, is there an official release on the US Playstation Network?
No.
Nope.
But maybe someday.
Bug him enough.
However, however, you can find Policenauts, I think, relatively inexpensive if you're
getting the re-release.
And again, you can play it on an emulator with an English patch.
So if you want to go to the trouble.
Or if you happen to be able to read and understand Japanese, you can play it on a PS3.
And there's the way I played it.
I sat down with a freaking script that gave me my options.
It was a pain in the ass.
But you did it.
But I did it.
We beat the freaking Rurouni Kenshin game, the RPG, with a copy of the script.
And we beat Grandia, we played through half of Grandia with my friend Krista there because
she could read everything.
So I will tell you this right now.
My Japanese reading is like a literate five year old.
Seriously.
I know maybe 30 Kanji.
That's it.
Keep trying.
You might get up to a six year old soon.
Maybe when I move.
All right.
We're going to take a break.
We're almost two hours with no break here.
And I need to go check into the show tonight at vognetwork.com and get my vog points so
I can get more loot.
And hopefully you guys will do the same thing.
Or you might join us in the VOG Network Clubhouse.
Again, just search for VOG in the PlayStation Home.
And there's VOG Network all in caps.
I think we're going to fill this place tonight.
Blender's already like, do we need a second clubhouse?
We might.
So anyhow, we're going to take a quick break and we'll be back in a minute with more of
Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 460 for this June the 10th
of 2012.
We are live at vognetwork.com.
Be sure to check into the show.
Get your points and maybe some hidden loot there.
Also we're live in the PlayStation Network Clubhouse.
This is the last time most people have left, honestly.
And I don't know how, we need to convince Sony somehow to give us more than 30 people
to get in that clubhouse.
But I was checking out, Blender put in all these little like arcade games you can play
and I was playing Electro Kid, which I didn't realize, I mean, I knew there were some mini
games.
Like I remember there was like a Arknoid clone breakout type thing that was kind of basic
and some other little things that were in there when home first launch.
Like that Electro Kid I was just playing was kind of like a old school 8-bit platformer.
I was like, wow, I kind of behind the times on home.
Like the Namco games or something that you could do?
Well, they tied into the, like all it would do, it was a launcher for the Namco collection
game.
Yeah, it's not quite the same thing.
But still kind of neat and it looks like they are building more and more games into home.
So that's, that's pretty cool.
So I was checking that out a little bit during the break.
Also before we get back into some long news here, I was asked to plug another show and
I'm like, all right, whatever, I'm, I'm, I'm a supporter of indie podcasts and so forth.
This isn't a podcast.
It's a live show.
It's one of our listeners who's PMing me here.
Vince Raven hosts a show called Back in Time.
It airs live Wednesdays at 10 PM on his college's website, ehc.edu.
It's W-E-H-C-F-M.
He does music and movie reviews and all that stuff.
It's 10 o'clock Eastern, ehc.edu.
And you know what?
Why not?
I'll plug something one of the listeners wants to plug.
Plus I have to admit, I got my start on college radio too.
I used to DJ for KCSC 95.5 in Chico, California, even though that wasn't a real radio frequency.
You had to have this little thing.
It was cable radio.
You had to hook up the cable to your radio.
Yeah.
I probably have way more listeners now than I did back then.
That's for sure.
But we all have to get our start somewhere.
So hey, maybe someday Vince Raven will have his own network that he started after college
radio.
Who knows?
He'll have his own network somewhere.
All right.
Anyhow, also at vognetwork.com, be sure to participate in the forums.
We are running forums again.
They look very generic right now, but I know that's on the plate for Bobby to expand this
week.
Bobby has been working nonstop on the site.
You have to remember, VOG Network has only been up in its full form for a week.
And for a while, about a month before that, he was coding the version that you saw on
Friday when it launched.
And he's been still coding nonstop that week.
And I'm always like, Bobby, you should take a break.
Bobby, you should go to Disneyland like I did.
Bobby, you should get away from your computer.
He's like, we've got to do a mobile site.
We've got to do this other thing.
Things I can't talk about.
We've got to do this other thing.
And I'm just like, Bobby.
So he's working very, very hard behind the scenes.
I know, Dar Sacher, you did some of the graphic stuffs.
So some of the pretty colors.
And there's other things coming up.
That's right.
Content-wise.
That directly involves our listeners.
But should I?
I should.
Drop a hint.
VOG10 and VOGblog.
All right.
We do have VOGvlog.
There'll be more for that a little later.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get back into some actual gaming news out of E3.
First, some rapid fire news starting with Loki.
So let's talk a little bit about Dawnguard.
The new expansion for Elder Scrolls Skyrim sounds awesome.
And it's coming out very soon.
Actually in a few weeks, the tentative date right now is the 26th of June.
And that'll be on Xbox 360 only right now because they are getting the DLC first.
And so there is currently a beta right now, which they have not accepted me.
Very disappointed there.
But that will be hopefully very soon.
We'll get to play the full thing.
And I will definitely be picking that up.
And I may actually get into a game that's not Minecraft for a little bit.
Yay.
And there is a sequel announced to Dead Rising, Dead Rising Riptide.
It is coming out soon, probably this fall, I mentioned, or imagine.
Consoles and PC.
Doesn't really say when, but there's supposed to be an extensive reveal this summer.
So probably the fall.
And last but not least was a game that wasn't shown during the press conferences.
But Project P100, a Wii U launch title, which is going to be coming to us from Platinum
Games.
And it kind of looks like a cross between Viewtiful Joe and Pikmin.
And you basically play like these superheroes that get other superheroes and other citizens
to kind of form together to attack monsters that are attacking Earth.
I saw somebody in chat, and I'm sorry I forget who, said that that was their game of the
show.
So some people are already excited about this.
It's pretty cool.
Alright, moving on.
WarioWare makes a showing at E3, but not in the way you might think.
It's part of Game and Wario.
That's just something that kind of was on the E3 page but not really seen at the show.
Why wasn't that show instead of like, you know, half the amount of...
Because it's not a launch window title, probably.
Anyhow, the description says, Wario and his Diamond City friends are back in action.
Game and Wario features a collection of games that use only the Wii U gamepad controller.
The games retain the original flair and character of the microgames from the WarioWare series.
So it sounds like it's maybe a more fleshed-out version of WarioWare, which could be very
interesting.
Some games called Arrow and Ski and Shudder sound a lot like, you know, one-word WarioWare
games.
But, yeah, unfortunately it's not WarioWare.
I mean, if it was WarioWare, ha-ha.
It's not, but it sounds like it kind of might be.
Like it might be the spiritual successor.
You know that term?
I don't want a spiritual successor.
I want an actual successor.
Screw the spiritual successor stuff.
We don't need spiritual successes.
That's if your franchise didn't do very well.
This is WarioWare that we're talking about.
Well, when I think of characters in Sega franchises that ought to turn up in Sonic and All-Stars
Racing Transformed, I don't necessarily think of Danica Patrick, NASCAR Racing Star.
But guess what?
She's going to be a playable character in Sonic and All-Star Racing Transformed.
That's kind of cool.
That is kind of cool.
You know, and I realize especially, she's a good role model for women because she's
in there doing a boy sport that has a lot of, you know, and she's, well, you're kind
of giving me stank face a little bit.
No.
Well, I hate the term men's sport when...
I know.
I don't...
It's driving a car.
I don't like it either, but let's say male dominated.
Okay.
That works.
All right.
And, you know, she's, she kind of kicks a lot of ass and, you know, has done very well
for herself being a spokesperson for various sites and so forth, and now she's going to
be playable in a video game.
So that'll be pretty cool.
Clover Nikon in our chat room though says, I want Alex Kidd to be playable.
How about the return of Alex Kidd?
Where the hell has he been?
We need Alex Kidd in Shinobi World 2.
Dream on.
I want to say that, like, I remember the first game had a lot of like old Sega characters.
I wouldn't be surprised if that happened.
There are some Danica haters, cue the Danica haters in our chat room.
Hey, you want to talk about a franchise that could, you know, or a company that could use
one of those, like, oh, hey, our mascots are fighting a battle royale type thing.
Sega would be pretty amazing.
I would.
Didn't they do something like that?
I thought they had a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game.
No, I'm sorry.
That was Ubisoft.
Let me read the haters.
It's the internet.
There's always going to be haters.
DJ Morpheus says, great, another avenue that shows Danica can't drive.
Blender says, Danica sucks, I'm ho.
So every fandom has their haters, all right.
Moving on.
It's hard to laugh and then go into a story like this because stories like this are never
easy to report on, but yet again, another studio has closed.
It's THQ's San Diego studio.
They were the ones doing the UFC license, mostly was the stuff they were doing those
games.
So because the license has transitioned elsewhere to Electronic Arts, the San Diego studio has
been closed.
Maybe they can get hired at EA.
That's the tiny little silver lining in this.
We'll see.
Moving on to some more rapid fire news, Dark Sakura.
Let's see what we've got.
Well, first of all, the Humble Indie Bundle 5 has three new additions to it.
If you pay above the minimum, which is right now at $8.14, you get Braid, Super Meat Boy,
and Lone Survivor.
Now, I think this is pretty cool for the Minecraft fan in the room, that Marcus Pearson actually
paid $9,999.99.
Next up, Portal 2 in Motion.
It actually is going to use the PlayStation Move.
And you know what?
I don't give a crap about that because I played on the PC.
It's basically the stuff that they had, remember, that was the N, I think it was like Sixth
Sense or N Sense or some weird like N Space.
It uses the same from the Razer Hydra.
Yeah, Razer Hydra.
I was just gonna keep naming random names.
Yeah, you know the motion controller, I mean it sucks.
Well, not suck, but no one's buying it for the PC.
So why not recycle the content here?
It pissed me off because Sony showed that in one of their little compilations of footage
and we were like, holy shit, a new Portal game.
Holy shit, yay, yay, yay.
And then it's, oh, it's Move DLC.
Whatever, DLC is DLC.
I guess.
I follow that under, I don't give a shit.
I guess.
And well, how about Sony stuff anyway?
Tokyo Jungle.
We're getting it, we're getting it.
We don't have to import it.
I can be a gazelle.
This was the game we lost our shit on last week and said it should be the new President
Cat.
Well, that didn't take long.
They are bringing it to North America, yay.
Well, in fact, this actually was, I'm trying to find the guy's name.
Scott Rode, who was the Sony VP of Product Development and Worldwide, he says, it'll
ship here, it'll ship everywhere.
And to him, I'm going to read this directly from the article.
To him, Tokyo Jungle's worldwide release is emblematic of Sony's crazy innovative approach.
He says the game is just wacky, but in a good way because we like to show that there's still
an art form and you can still experiment.
I want the hell out of this game.
Just saying.
I know.
I kind of want it to.
It's going to be awesome.
I'm lusting in my heart after it.
All right.
And lusting in your heart is lusting for real.
Well, now we're to the part of the show where we're going to get to the foogle question
of the week.
What the hell is a foogle, you might be asking?
Well, it's Facebook and Google Plus combined.
You get a foogle.
We ask a question on Facebook and Google Plus and you guys answer it.
And we read some of the answers.
There's a lot of answers tonight.
I can't read them all.
I just can't.
We read some of the answers here live on the show.
But if you want to see all the answers, check us out on Google Plus.
The link is on our website because you can't get a short URL on Google Plus yet.
You just go to orangelandtrader.com and in the upper right hand corner is a box that
says extended play.
Just click on that Google Plus logo and you can add us there.
And yes, there are people using Google Plus because we got a couple of responses over
there.
Tonight we have Michael D answering our question of the week which was, what in your opinion
was the highlight of E3 this year?
What is the thing you are looking forward to most of all?
And Michael D says from the press conferences, oh excuse me, he did sign it, Technus, my
bad.
Technus says from the press conferences, I'd say what Ubisoft announced pretty much blew
the big three away.
They had a great combination of going in strong with their existing IPs and finishing with
Watch Dogs, a game that sounds as amazing as it looks.
I would also like to mention that the tech demos for the new next gen engines, i.e.
Unreal Engine 4, CryEngine 3, Final Fantasy tech demo, look extremely impressive.
Overall, I was pleased with this E3.
Except for Microsoft in which I asked, please stick to the game, save the multimedia info
for CES.
Good point there about the tech demos for the next gen stuff.
Some of that stuff was really impressive and finally, you know, just when you think the
graphics can't get any better, there they go, they get better.
Lastly, going to a comment from Rababa on Google Plus says, I think the understated
highlight was smart glass.
If they use this potential, it will pretty much derail the Wii U tablet controller.
Don't get me wrong, I want the Wii U to succeed, but it will have to be truly awesome
to be successful.
I'm still waiting for the delay in release to 2013 because their marketing should be
almost full swing by now to release in the fall, predicting that Wii U may just delay.
I don't think Nintendo can afford it.
Their stocks next year would plummet, or the earnings and all that.
It has to come out.
I most look forward to saving money from not buying games this year.
Clothes, Gears of War, Yawn, I just don't like too many shooters.
Let's go to Facebook at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Picaruno answered and said, probably going to get some shit from someone for this, but
apart from Assassin's Creed 3, none of the games on offer wowed me.
Wonder Book is a great idea, but its implementation on the Playstation 3 is stupid.
It would sell a lot better on iOS.
Here's what I'm going to say about Wonder Book.
It's going to bomb as bad as Eye of Judgment.
Dark Glass actually interests me a lot more than the Wii U, mainly because it works with
all your existing gear.
Its applications are nothing new, but I think they'd be a welcome addition to the Xbox 360's
capabilities.
Also, where the fuck were the Vita games, Sony?
Flaco Jones says, beyond two souls, it looked like they took heavy rain's gameplay and improved
everything.
Again, the thing that most excited you about E3.
Rhetortainment says, ditto on what Picaruno said.
I want to see more from Metal Gear Revengerance, such as gameplay.
Quantic Dreams Beyond Two Souls stood out for me.
I loved Heavy Rain.
I bought a Playstation move just to play again.
When I saw Beyond Two Souls, I made a mental note to buy this game.
Then I made a note on my droid that reads, buy Beyond Two Souls the day that it comes
out.
That's two people in a row excited about Beyond Two Souls.
Metal Gear Solid game, or not Metal Gear Solid, Metal Gear Rising game actually looked pretty
awesome.
Shane from Hoard House commented and said, I'd have an addition to my previous statement,
which was about Mass Effect 3.
I'd say Mass Effect 3 Wii U, Beyond Two Souls.
Here it is again.
Watch Dogs and Last of Us were the only things I cared about at E3.
I'm super hyped for those games.
Yes, completely forgot about Last of Us, one of the big games that they showed, and that
was one of their two IPs that they introduced.
But granted, we knew about that one already.
Yeah.
The Last Opus.
I'm sad it's no longer The Last Opus.
Tiger Caw says, I think the highlights for this year's E3 was Ubisoft with their accidental
nip slips up courtesy of Far Cry 3, and the unveiling of the new game Watch Dogs.
The new game from the creators of Heavy Rain called Beyond Two Souls during the Sony press
conference.
As for Nintendo, Zombie Reggie.
That is all.
What?
Okay.
Did you happen to watch the video of the pre-E3 conference?
A little bit.
I skipped around.
What the fuck is up with Miyamoto holding a god damn, or, Iwata, holding a banana.
A bunch of bananas for no reason.
He wanted to be a gif.
Ronnie B says, I agree with Picaruno.
Assassin's Creed 3 and the concept for Beyond were the only games that stood out for me,
really.
I hate what they've done with Dead Space.
Stan says, hate on me all you want, but Pikmin 3 looks so fun.
I almost went out and bought Pikmin 1 and 2 just from watching 3's trailer.
Well, now would be a great time to re-buy 2, because didn't the new control version come
out?
Loki?
Is that out here in the States?
Yeah.
It just came up today.
There you go.
Acidic Vampire says, I'm stoked for South Park RPG Tomb Raider, Beyond Two Souls, The
Last Opus, Pikmin 3 and Dead Space 3.
Oh, and the upcoming PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 with a gimmicky controller, aka the Wii U.
Actually, I'm not enthralled by it.
Red the Haze says, Devil May Cry and Metal Gear Rising.
Screw the haters saying that they're similar.
They should shut up about games that aren't out and that they haven't played before.
Oh, and the Ellen Page waifu simulators, which is the new emerging video game genre.
That's because Ellen Page is heavily inspired in The Last of Us, right?
In one of the characters based off her, sort of?
Looks likers.
Looks likers.
All right, let me do one more comment here.
Actually, two more.
Critical Myth said, Highlight was the Square Enix next gen demo, but for right now I'm
most looking forward to The Last of Us.
At least we have a good idea when it's hitting the shelves.
And lastly, from Dark Charger, nothing particularly stood out.
E3 this year is about the whole show being greater than the sum of its parts.
Despite the lack of a single bombshell, the many games, mostly third parties, were enough
to keep it not only my attention, but have me checking the calendar for several important
releases.
Perhaps entering E3 with tempered expectations ensures that I, or the gamer in general, always
wins.
Interesting.
Final note, but a good one, I think.
Setting the bar low.
See, the problem with next year's E3 is the bar is really high, because we have Sony and
Microsoft hopefully debuting their new consoles, although honestly, guys, nothing's set in
place.
Especially if the Wii U kinda goes pfft when it launches, which it very well might, I think
a lot of pressure would be off by Microsoft and Sony.
The longer they wait, the better the consoles will be, and the more trouble Nintendo will
be when they do launch.
Let them sit in the oven a little longer, right?
Seriously, because they're in no hurry.
They were talking about a console that's basically spec-wise the same as, you know, PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360.
Now that's not necessarily a thing that's gonna be a detriment to them, but, I mean,
because the Wii did take off.
However, I don't think that this console's that different than the Wii, and your average
soccer mom, if you will, is not gonna go, I need to have this, because it's like, well,
it kinda does the same thing the Wii does.
It's gonna be interesting.
I'm really curious to see what happens, because, you know, when the Wii first came out, there
was a lot of us going, what the hell's that name, and, but it would, it worked, so we'll
see.
And the Wii U.
Hey, whatever.
Hey, you know what, at the very least, we still have the Kung Pao jokes, and any attention
given back to Kung Pao is more attention and possibility for a sequel to that movie.
Shadow Next Gen brings up a good point, the DVD format on the 360 is becoming a serious
issue.
Maybe, maybe, uh, it can't afford to be DVD only much longer.
I mean, I guess there is always digital, but, I mean, it's not really gonna help.
They can always, I think that there's always a possibility that they'll have game installs.
They have it on the PlayStation 3, so just have it now where it comes with ships on three
discs, but you only need one, you can install the other two.
But technically, you can buy an Xbox 360 without a hard drive, so that shit shouldn't be required.
Yeah, technically, it still has four gigs.
That's not enough for some games.
Alright, let's move on with some more stories, we're gonna get to the mailbag of the Effies
of the Week, and of course, your phone calls, but let's try to get through these stories
kind of quick here.
Loki.
Alright, so, real quick, um, apparently Vivendi is looking to sell, um, part of, a part or
all of their stock in Activision, and of course, Vivendi, um, owns 61% of the controlling stake
in, uh, Activision, and apparently they're holding a meeting on the 22nd of this month
to discuss the potential for the sale of, um, part or all of its holdings, and, um,
basically, I think they're trying to drum up some more money, and, um, you know, basically,
they're saying, uh, some people believe that Vivendi's worth more if it's split up into
various parts, and the potential split doesn't really mean anything for Activision other
than a lot of shares on the market all at once, so, yeah, I don't really think it means
a whole lot, other than, you know, one company's not really gonna own anything, although, it's
kinda sad when you think about Vivendi, they purchased all these other companies when they
bought Activision, and...
It seems like a weird time to sell it off, I mean, I don't know, I didn't think there
was bad news necessarily coming out of there right now.
It's bad news, maybe they just need more money, maybe, you know, that section...
That could be!
Maybe that section of their business is doing okay, but they want, you know, they want their
fat paycheck.
Perhaps, or maybe they think it's good now, but maybe they're not so excited about the
future, but...
Maybe they gotta go, ew, it's all sticky!
Get rid of it!
Maybe they're a little worried about some of this Diablo 3 fallout, and maybe they're
worried about the next WoW expansion, and maybe this new Blizzard product, I'm focusing
on Blizzard, but I can't help myself.
I don't think that's, I think I just want money.
Sell off some shares.
And who doesn't?
Retire.
Well Sega doesn't want money, clearly, because they took Hatsune Miku Project Diva F for
the Vita to E3 to show it off, and then said, oh, it's not coming out of North America.
Which is very weird, it's very weird, usually games don't show up at E3 that aren't coming
out of North America, but according to a Sega rep, it was a sneak peek of a game coming
to Japan.
There are many Project Diva fans out there, like Dark Sakura, so it is disappointing to
hear that this will not be coming out.
However, Vita is region free, right?
That's true.
So maybe this is all hint, hint, hint, it's not coming to America, hint, wink, import.
Let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and we read your
emails here on the show.
Dark Sakura's going to dive into the email bag headfirst again at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
and pick out some of her favorite emails to read right now.
Well, I'm going to read all the ones that are in there.
They're not very long.
Hey OLR, quick question for all three hosts.
Of all the games you saw presented at this year's E3, which ones are you planning to
buy on day one, if any?
And I'm honestly, I'm interested in Beyond Two Souls, and I want to play Tank Tank Tank,
because I'm sorry, that game is freaking addictive as hell.
Otherwise I'm not super interested in hardly anything, so.
I'm a little behind still, I feel, but I definitely want that new Tomb Raider game.
I'll probably end up getting the Wii U, I don't know, to be determined.
That Ubisoft game Watch Dogs looks really good too, I might have to check that out.
Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U.
Borderlands 2, for sure, South Park, The Sick of Truth, and...
Oh yeah, I totally want that South Park game too.
Really, those are the only two that jumped out right now.
Grand Theft Auto 5, whenever the hell that fucking comes out.
Yeah, where was that?
Eh, it's not ready yet.
They probably think, hey, well, Take Two's not really at, you know, they aren't really
at E3.
Their booth always has no electric fence.
And so they probably, you know, maybe it's just not ready to show off yet, because I
mean, if you think about it, it's probably about a year away from being released, so...
They'll just have their own fucking splash, but hey, fucking Grand Theft Auto 5, you're
buying this shit, you know it.
Let's continue.
I'm pretty sure Dan would want to get Halo 4, so.
And then, Ospher, who wrote the email, says, for me, Halo 4 and Beyond Two Souls 4 must
have titles.
Except I misread it as titties, so.
Sincerely, Ospher.
P.S., all my love goes to the Krogan, but I guess I can spare some for my fellow Mass
Effect gamers.
Heart!
You know, actually, speaking of titties, Far Cry 3 actually looks pretty awesome.
I actually may pick that up day one.
You know what game looked ridiculous?
Alan made me watch the trailer last night.
That Hitman Absolut-tion.
Okay, well, the trailer was ridiculous.
The trailer was totally ridiculous, with the stripper nuns and guns.
They're trying to think, like, this is all the things that boys like.
Well, they even...
Don't forget exploding toilets.
They even, well, even, like, a lot of people in the industry are just like, what the fuck
was that trailer?
That just makes no sense.
The game looks pretty good.
Anyhow.
Next email!
Um, Robert M. here.
You guys mentioned Retro City Rampage's Meat Boy minigame on last week's pre-taped...
I hate that word!
Taped show.
Last month's Nintendo Power had a feature on the game for WiiWare, including a Splosion
Man minigame as well.
Not sure how that works license-wise.
I get the impression that this will join Meat Boy and Spelunky as unreleased, especially
this late in the Wii's life cycle.
For what other consoles is it scheduled?
As for the...
Oh, go ahead.
You were gonna say?
Uh, Xbox Live Arcade, uh, PlayStation Network for both, um, PlayStation 3 and the Vita as
PC.
Nice.
Okay.
As for the voice of Geeks Network, how practical do you expect it'll be for shows doing video
content, under Sedation Live in particular, to have a video podcast feed?
I know when he was doing Friday Night Gaming, Bobby said such a feed would be three gigabytes
an episode.
Uh, yeah, the problem is you have to compress the video and then it's tricky.
It's tricky to do something like that.
Um, you know, yeah, video podcasts are hard and there haven't been a lot of successful
ones that are over.
I mean, most of them are like five minutes long.
That's how they deliver the video podcast because five minutes worth of HD video is
like our three hour show, you know?
They're about the same size.
There's plenty of them that use, um, just post them to YouTube.
Yeah, that's true.
Um, you know, I think Travis has been putting clips on YouTube and so forth and I'd certainly
encourage him to continue doing that.
But for now, I think him particularly is very about getting people in for the live experience.
So I don't think he's going to take a whole lot of effort to try and get the video up
when he is putting the audio out there at least.
So at least, and I will say this, give mad props to Travis.
He's got that shit on same day turnaround now.
Like forever.
We were like, Travis, get season five up, Travis, get season five.
He's worked out a system where he's on same day turnaround now.
So props to him.
I think that's, I think that is important too.
I finally saw the disco thing and disco disco Lord.
It made me glad I didn't have a webcam at the time.
Uh, Oh God, did he put that on YouTube?
I don't think so.
Phew.
Phew.
Um, I don't know.
I didn't look.
Um, I will say this.
We are looking at doing more type of like vlog content cause like Travis did that studio
tour that went up during the week.
And I'm going to do one that's a little more talking head, but I've got one coming up in
the next week that I'll, I'll, should I spoil it?
Spoil.
I'll, I'll say this much, I'll drop a hint.
I'm going to explain why I am not doing a particular podcast.
People have been asking me to do a podcast on a certain topic and I'm going to explain
in depth why that's not going to happen.
And sorry.
Mm hmm.
Um, so to continue with the email as for the voice of geeks network, how proud, Oh, nevermind.
I already read that.
Blah.
Next email.
Um, Hey guys, die.
You're sexist.
Um, sorry.
Um, so I just finished watching the E3 press conference conferences while I was really
looking forward to what Microsoft and Nintendo had to offer and didn't really expect much
from Sony ended up liking the fact that Sony focused on games for the most part as really
considering the Wii U since I thought it would be next gen system that would get all the
new games for other, that other systems shared plus Mario and Zelda.
Unfortunately after their press conference, it seemed like they were focusing too much
on the gimmicks and the multi console games were all out of date.
So I guess I'll have to pass on that.
I did think the new Kinect features and the smart glass that Microsoft presented were
cool.
However, when it comes to games, I just don't care about getting into Halo or Gears of War
after all this time and they didn't offer anything new game wise.
Sony still won me over with their exclusives.
I love to have you rain, so I will be buying beyond right away.
The last of us looked like a great way to tell a different kind of story with the already
proven uncharted game engine and while I don't care much about God of war or PlayStation
all sores, it's all stars, not all sores.
All sores.
It's the amazing game where you fight STDs.
That is important.
Oh God.
It's herpes man.
Herpes, that sores herpes man versus Mrs. Gonorrhea, ringworm gun, ringworm gym, ringworm
gun.
Anyway, um, all stars.
It's still nice that Sony is delivering for fans of those types of games as well.
I just wish Wii U wasn't trying to ram this new controller down our throats more like
up your ass.
Um, seriously, it's not just swallow it.
It's take it as a suppository too.
Um, I had high hopes when I saw the pro controller that there would be an alternative, but there,
but they aren't even getting the awesome looking Watch Dogs game, at least not when it comes
out.
That means no Mario or Zelda for me, as long as they keep pushing gimmicky controls and
that's from Flacco Jones.
There's the other thing too, like once again, it gets me thinking about the Wii U, um, their
biggest features that they like were pimping out.
This system can be played when someone wants to watch TV.
I just don't understand that.
You're supposed to, okay, this system is supposed to be so awesome that you want to play it
on your TV.
And I know a lot of people probably have multiple TVs they can play it on.
I don't understand why that's necessarily a feature that we need to be pimping out.
And, and once again, just like the Wii was, they're pimping it as like this party environment
that all these party games, you know, like Just Dance has this, you know, Poppy Master
Mode.
Hey, guess what?
I hardly ever have people over to my house to play games nowadays because I have a kid.
I can't just be getting the party going and you know, oh, hey, we gotta be quiet because
we have the kid there, you know, so I don't have that.
So the fact that, you know, Super Mario, um, New Super Mario Brothers, you or, you know,
Rayman Legends has five player co-op.
I can't get two player co-op in my household, let alone five people.
Let me get out here a couple points on Wii U from our chat room.
Shadownextgen in our chat room at vognetwork.com, click on live chat says, I love how no one
can see what is happening.
Mass Effect 3, for example, will obviously be late to the Wii U, but with EA BioWare
being on board with Wii U, that means Mass Effect 4 will be day date with the other consoles.
Black Wolf says, you know, if they didn't spend all that time discussing the new controller,
we would have been like, wait, why did you not give us more information on the controller?
No, we wouldn't have.
Yes, they would have.
I agree with them.
Unless you're just in the same boat that I am.
Don't care.
What more information did we get about their controller?
The quote unquote final design, and the whole fact that you can use two of them now, which
was a big thing people were bitching about last year.
That's not important though, but if you think about it, that's not important, because we
didn't see any games that used two of them, so who knows how that's going to be utilized,
and we already saw the final design and got leaked out already.
So what did we need to know about the controller that we didn't know already?
Back to the email.
Can I read the last email?
Greetings, OLR, it's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
I thought I'd say hi and keep up the good work.
Your show helps make my Mondays bearable at work.
I'm looking forward to hearing your opinions of E3.
One last thing.
I just bought my first smartphone and was wondering if there are any apps and or games.
Do you think I'd be crazy not to get?
Peace and Chicken Grease, Serious Turtle.
Yes.
And we need to know what kind of phone you have too.
We don't know what kind of phone.
There's a big difference between Android and iOS.
There's some games that are between both.
I like Cut the Rope, personally, and Temple Run.
I'm so addicted to Temple Run recently.
I got Bubble Bobble, not Bubble Bobble, Puzzle Bobble, Best of Move.
I played the crap out of it.
And seriously, it is, you know, that I actually really liked Espigobluda too.
And I really, you know, as far as apps, I know I'm looking at my phone right now.
The Midway Arcade Collection isn't bad, especially because I think it was 99 cents or
relatively low cost, and it does have a lot in it, even though I kind of hate using the
touch screen controls.
Bejeweled Blitz is a free PopCap game.
That's pretty cool.
Pinball Arcade.
Oh, oh, yes, the Pinball games.
Oh my gosh.
There's Zen Pinball has a Pinball version, and then there's that new one too.
Yeah, Pinball Arcade.
There's Juke Beat.
I'm still playing Noby Noby Boy.
Both are worth getting.
Absolutely.
Robot Unicorn Attack, Peggle.
Plants vs. Zombies.
Beat Hazard is on iOS now.
You know, Plants vs. Zombies, I don't really like so much on the iPhone.
It would need a larger thing.
R-Type, actually, believe it or not, R-Type is one of the few shooters that works very
well on the iPhone.
Well, I'm just seeing what else I have.
As far as like regular apps, you know, I've got Facebook.
For Twitter, I use Echo Phone.
I paid for Echo Phone, and it's worth it.
If you're on iOS, Flipboard.
I have the Tumblr app, Goodreads, because I like to share my books.
The Steam app, AIM, Pinterest, you know, I've got all the usual stuff.
And then...
XTube?
Not Jamie.
Just kidding.
I've also got a program that, when I go to eat out, I use called Check, Please, that
actually splits your meal, includes or dis-includes tip, and lets you go up to 30% tip.
Ah, downloading that right now.
QR Reader, because of all the stuff using QR codes now.
And actually a really neat little clock program called Nuka.
Nuka does all these interesting different digital watches, and the Nuka app is actually
pretty fun to play with, and has neat timers and everything.
I have Secret Garden that Ikuma JP did.
I use Shazam all the time.
You're not going to go through all seven pages of your phone, are you?
No, I'm not.
I'm just picking the best ones.
I have the Kindle app, but I love Shazam because I go to Pinkberry and like the music, so I'll
tag the music at Pinkberry, and then I usually go and download albums.
If you're playing Mass Effect 3, get the data pad.
I mean, there's just lots of good stuff, and, you know, when you go to Disneyland, use Mouse
Plate, you know, so that you know how long you have to wait for Space Mountain.
But really, those are just some good ones, and that was the last email.
Awesome.
Just root your phone and download them all for free.
Alright, let's move on with the FUs of the week, because some things that E3 might have
made us angry, or maybe stuff IRL.
We're going to find out right now.
I'm not really upset about anything, except for my nail polish deciding that it all wanted
to come off tonight, and my nails are kind of brittle, so.
Fucking in my throat for being sore, it's not really, I don't know, it's like a weird
thing.
I don't know if it's allergies, or if it's cold, or strep throat, or what, but for like
the last two weeks, my throat's just been like, I'll get sharp pains every now and then,
and you might, I feel really raspy right now at this talk that I've made.
But like, I'll just all of a sudden, I'll be like talking, and like, ah, tickle, I have
to cough, and it hasn't gone away, and I really wish it would go away, because it's annoying.
I hope it's not strep throat, because then that means I have to have my tonsils out.
I haven't had that happen yet.
I like to keep all my body parts intact, even the unnecessary ones.
They are necessary, they do serve a purpose until they get infected.
You know, I still have everything I was born with except for my wisdom teeth.
Lucky you.
I'm missing a gallbladder, I'm missing wisdom teeth, anyway.
Uh, moving on, um, my F.U. of the week goes to, believe it or not, this is going to shock
you.
Disneyland.
Yep, Disneyland on Wednesday was a fucking hot mess, oh my gosh.
I guess all those people were there for the Cars Land preview, the cast members, and that
must have been all the veteran cast members, because the noobs were running the place.
And uh, yeah, just, just so crowded, especially for a Wednesday.
And I get that it's summer, but I've gone E3 week the last like three years, and I've
never had an experience as terrible as last week.
Like, every other year's been relatively good.
Okay, Rob.
I don't know, because I didn't get to go.
Tell me, how bad did the Mad Tea Party blow?
I think it wasn't running weeknights, but I did see the decorations.
The decorations looked great, they spent a lot of money on them, which kind of pissed
me off.
My friends were there this past weekend, they said it was the worst thing to ever happen.
That's too bad.
Yeah.
It was basically, what did you call it, the Mad Suck Party or something?
The Mad Flop Party.
That was the Mad Flop Party.
I like to call it the Mad Flop Party.
Um, but yeah, the one thing that bugged me most of all is that Disney don't, don't give
celebrities the royal treatment and shut down the entire fucking ride just because one celebrity
wants to ride it.
They need to, I'm not saying, look, I get if you want to have the little ushers, bring
them up the exit and give them a little bit of special treatment, but you don't stop the
entire fucking ride because the celebrity's on it.
I don't care.
I don't care if it's Barack Obama.
I don't care who it is.
That is kind of lame.
You don't stop for everybody else.
Who was a celebrity?
Uh, David Beckham and his wife Posh Spice.
Lame.
Yeah, they could do it at least for like a real celebrity like Neil Patrick Harris.
Anyhow that just kind of ticked me off.
So meanwhile, let's get back into, I know, I know, I, I, I, I just did not have a good
experience on Wednesday and that ticked me off cause it was like extra for Matt's first
experience at Disneyland and they enjoyed themselves cause we had a really good time
on Monday.
It wasn't nearly as bad and we got to fit in a lot of the good stuff, but Wednesday
was, was a mess.
I could go on and on, but I won't.
So meanwhile, Loki, let's get back into the gaming news, uh, uh, Twitter topics, a few,
and then Skypline most of all in a little bit.
So one of the rumors that we were supposed to get out of E3 was that one of these, um,
streaming companies is supposed to be partner of a console, but they didn't see that.
No OnLive or no, uh, Gaikai teaming up with consoles.
But OnLive did say that they are going to be teaming up with smart TV, um, manufacturers
including LG smart TVs with Google TV and internet browsers as well.
Um, they're going to be allowing the online service to be used in browser, um, which is
kind of neat.
And of course if you have a, one of those smart TVs, you can download an app that will
allow you to stream stuff and then you just have to buy the controller as well.
Um, that's kind of neat.
I mean, I don't know, I haven't seen smart TVs, you know, take off yet, but I mean, I'm
sure in the future we're going to see that.
I mean, everything's fucking connected to the internet now.
So pretty cool.
And of course when the games are showing on there's Borderlands, it looks sexy, of course.
Um, some other little details about the Wii U is some actually really good news because
Nintendo could have made the bad decision here, but they made the good decision.
So we need to, you know, I know we've been giving Nintendo a little bit of a hard time
tonight, but we need to applaud this decision and that is that Nintendo is working on the
system to figure out how Wii owners are going to transfer their content to the Wii U.
Designer Katsuya Iguchi said, uh, we are readying the system, yes, to transfer saves and everything
you've bought.
So the good news is if you bought virtual console stuff and WiiWare stuff, they're going
to transfer over to the Wii U and it doesn't sound like they're going to charge you more
for it or try to sell it to you again.
Yay.
Oh, that's good.
That is very good.
Have a cookie, Nintendo.
I wonder if it's being done with the friend code for the, cause that'll be tied to the
console.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Now, while there's good news, we have to of course follow that up with a little bit of
WTF news.
Uh, that whole Miiverse thing, it came out after the, uh, show that Miiverse, which will
allow you to kind of like post messages.
It's kind of like the Nintendo social network, I guess, for lack of a better term.
Uh, Satoru Iwata said there will be filtering on the Miiverse content.
The first will be automatic content filtering.
So if you post something that's like, fuck you and your fucking dog, it's going to hit
that filter cause it says the F word and won't post.
However, the second, there will be a moderator reading all posts before they're published.
That seems crazy, but yes, live people will be screening all the messages and they say
it may take about 30 minutes between the time you post something and the time it's actually
visible because of that delay.
Lastly, users can also flag if something is missed, which we know will happen at some
point.
That's lame.
That is extreme.
I mean, I get, I get that, you know, it's kind of like a forum so you can post stuff
and there should be moderators for that stuff.
That's fine.
I have a problem with them going all 1984 and just let's monitor every single thing.
And also being an adult owning a console, I don't give a fuck if the word fuck is in,
you know, something.
If they're like, fuck this boss.
I hate it.
I fucking died nine times.
That's acceptable to me.
I'm not a fucking little child.
I don't need to be, Oh, let's start.
Little children will be using it.
I understand that.
But you know what?
They have, they have wonderful parental technology, you know, that you can block this stuff so
you can put content filtering for those age groups.
They'll figure out how to override by themselves.
Well then you gotta be smart and fucking that maybe, well maybe this system will get overridden
too.
I, I want to be able to go post and Loki's me verse.
Fuck you.
You fucking fuck.
That should, that should be, that's what X-Box is for.
Rob.
No, that's for saying far worse words.
Go ahead.
Frisbee.
Everyone learned lead.
Um, by the way, probably moderators will know a little tangent here.
What about FIFA, FIFA and the whole connect thing.
If you fucking swear, you get, you get flagged by the shit is funny.
I'm sorry.
That is funny.
I know.
Yeah.
That's funny.
Like the, to me, the whole fact that the connect will pick it up if you're saying like, fuck
you flag.
That's funny.
If you don't like it, unplug the connect.
But if they have that technology, why don't we apply it to the goddamn X-Box service?
That's a little too big brother.
And if I want to say like, if we're playing mass effect online and I want to be like this
fucking Banshee bitch can S my D, you know, then I should be able to say I should be able
to swear on my TV.
But then again, here's the thing is that if I were to ever play FIFA, which is not going
to happen, I'm not going to fucking use connect.
Fuck that shit.
All right.
That's my, we, you news, uh, Esperanto.
You know what?
Actually, that's a great idea.
You know what, the average person actually can look at a page written in Esperanto and
figure out what it says because that's the purpose of the language.
Anyone who knows any little bit of Latin, which just about every English speaker does
know a little bit of Latin and Greek is part of the basis of our language and the romance
languages.
No Esperanto.
I've read a page in Esperanto and I've never learned it.
How do I say fuck you?
You fucking fucking Esperanto Frick year.
I don't know.
I'm going to look it up actually.
Well, read a story first.
Oh yeah, that, um, is being bitches.
That's my official title of this.
They're not going to copy steam 75% off sales because they think it cheapens the IP and
they don't want to copy that practice.
Um, there's a quote from David Demartini, the origin boss.
Um, obviously they think it's the right thing to do after a certain amount of time.
I think it, I just think it cheapens your intellectual property.
Um, honestly, steam is successful.
It clearly works and people are still forking out the money to buy the games.
So what about it is cheapening the IP if it's bringing it to a wider audience?
And it's not like steam's just going, okay, we're going to charge less for your game.
They're good.
They're coordinating with these different developers and publishers and saying, okay,
hey, we want to mark it down to drive up some, you know, business and you drive up some sales
for you guys as well as maybe bringing a little bit of, you know, exposure to your product
and then EA saying, ah, fuck it.
We don't care.
You know, well, you know what?
No one has to purchase stuff through origin.
Just saying, you know, there are other services out there.
So if you don't want to put your stuff on sale, then fine.
Someone else will.
Well, and here's another thing that he's saying is what steam does might be teaching the customer.
I might not want it in the first month, but if I look at it in four or five months, I'll
get one of those weekend sales and I'll buy it at that time at 75% off.
What he's not realizing is that people who are into the game will buy it when it comes
out.
They don't care about waiting for a sale.
They'll get it when it comes out.
You know, when portal two came out, now true, I didn't buy it for myself cause I knew I
was getting it for Christmas slash Hanukkah slash Kwanzaa slash Festivus, whatever, which
I did.
Um, but I was all hot and bothered to buy it when it came out.
You know, so I've bought, like I bought fractal when it came out, you know, I've bought tons
of games when they've come out, even though I knew, like for example, okay, here, here's
a good example.
Um, Marvel versus Capcom three or no, um, not Marvel versus, yeah, I bought it right
when it came out.
Well, Dan bought it right when it came out.
As soon as ultimate Marvel and we knew ultimate Marvel versus Capcom three would be out and
guess what?
We bought that too.
It just, if someone wants it, they don't care.
They're going to go get it.
The sheer amount of games I've purchased on steam, well, mostly through the Humblelandy
bundles, but I have not played most of them and I have a lot of people, you know, my coworkers
and stuff that buy stuff on steam that say, yeah, I'll see this game for like five bucks.
I'm like, fuck, I'm going to pick that up because I may play it eventually.
So there's a lot of really quick, um, just spontaneous purchases because of these sales.
And I think it's, you know, sure.
Keep your game at $20, you know, and someone may pick it up or drop the $5 and the check
stand purchase.
Yeah.
It's, you know, when you're in line at the grocery store and go, Oh man, I love Twix
two for a buck.
And it's usually a lot of these independent games that most people aren't like aware of
that.
Oh, I sense all.
Yeah, sure.
I'll try it for, if it's a buck, you know, if it sucks, whatever I paid five bucks for
a game, just, you know, like I've played the binding of Isaac for like five minutes, which
was another game I played this week.
Oops.
Um, but you know, it's good.
It's something I can go back, you know, if I'm feeling kind of bored, I don't have anything
to do, then I can go in and play cave story, which I, you know, bought on the hundle indie
bundle before too.
So it's, he's not, he's using a business, the business mentality and not real world
common sense.
Well, at the end of story, origin is not as big of a deal as steam is at the end of the
day.
What brought people into steam?
Those sales.
Duh.
Well, and here's another thing that he says, um, we don't believe in the drop it down,
spring it up 75% off approach, which is not necessarily what steam is doing.
Um, but we've got something else that we do believe in that we'll be rolling out.
I don't know what that is and honestly I don't care because I'm only going to ever play one
game on origin.
If I have to buy 10 get one free and they're stupid anyways because they're like, Oh, we
don't believe in marking stuff down and bringing it back up and price clearly don't believe
in making money.
Well, apparently you're, you didn't have no idea what your, you know, iOS team is doing
because there's a lot of EA games that go down the 99 cents when those properties are
like $7 or whatever.
Well said.
Well, so it's like, I mean, Hey, you, you're talking this talk right here, but at the same
time you're doing something completely different in this platform.
So you know why?
Who gives a fuck?
What do you want to do and you know, people hate it and then they'll just won't go to
your service.
You'll eventually fold if it doesn't work for you that whatever your plan is, that's
the way it is.
All right.
Two more stories.
And then the Skypline Loki.
So there's a new app that's going to be coming to Xbox, um, pretty soon.
And it's the Virgin gaming app.
And what the Virgin gaming app is going to do is it's going to run a tournament service.
And so you can, um, launch into a bunch of different Xbox live tournaments, including,
and this of course is, you know, with, uh, Xbox gold.
Um, apparently you can, uh, enter different tournaments.
Some are free, some are with a paid entry and you can compete in a variety of different
games, um, through their service.
I think they actually do this right now through their website, um, Virgin gaming.
But I guess right now they're going to be partnering with EA sports, 2k sports and Ubisoft,
and they're going to have different, like, you know, matchmaking, um, stuff.
And also, I don't know, some, uh, different services was it pay to have pays to have game
as their tagline for Virgin gaming.
It'll be interesting to see what it is.
I'm curious on how that's really going to work and, um, you know, how we can leverage
it to have tournaments for OLR and VOG network and so forth.
But, uh, we'll see.
Too bad.
Too bad they didn't do this shit back in the day when Grand Theft Auto wasn't modded the
fucking hell because I kicked a lot of ass in vanilla Grand Theft Auto and episodes from
Liberty City.
Well, there's always Grand Theft Auto 5.
There is.
I will fucking own that shit again.
I am ready.
Your body is ready.
I need, I need to play Max Payne 3 because that's supposed to be pretty awesome, but
Grand Theft Auto 5, I will dedicate my life to that game.
Alright, let's move on to one last story here.
I want to end on a good note with the stories tonight and this is a great note.
And, uh, you know, we talked a little bit last week about, you know, Curt Schilling's
studio and all the closures and all that, but a big, huge games, one of the studios
that was, uh, closed in that whole 38 Studios, uh, debacle from a couple weeks ago has basically
been gobbled up by Epic Games.
And this is good news because Epic Games is going to open a brand new studio called Epic
Baltimore and it's made up of the folks from Big Huge Games.
I think that's quite awesome that basically, um, they, they've helped them find jobs.
Of course, not everybody's going to go cause some people might, you know, decide to do
something else, but most of them sounds like you're going over to this.
The official quote on this from Epic Games President Michael Capps quote, on Wednesday,
the ex, uh, BHG, Big Huge Games leadership game leadership team contacted us.
They wanted to start a new company and keep together some of the key talent displaced
by the layoff and hope that they could use an Epic IP as a starting point for a new game.
We love that they all wanted to keep working together, but it was pretty clear they'd have
trouble building a demo and securing funding before their personal savings ran out.
So there they go.
They are going to be working on a big IP.
Who knows what it is?
It won't be reckoning to though, unless Epic ends up buying that IP because I believe the
state of Maryland owns that now or Rhode Island, excuse me, also their thing was, is we make
IP.
We don't buy IP, so they're not going to buy the IP.
Uh, Blackwell ventures a guest that Epic Baltimore could be making infinity blade for consoles.
That is a pretty big, uh, Epic IP that, you know, wouldn't surprise me.
You know what would fit down, uh, fit right with, um, Epic in that it's something that
kind of got canceled a long time ago, even though it looked really awesome.
Project offset would have been fucking amazing.
It was that first person, like fantasy RPG game that was like a first person shooter
almost, but like with giant dragons and shit, it looked really amazing.
That would be cool.
Like a project offset game, but developed by Epic, like an RPG fantasy game, but like
Gears of War, I guess.
Let's open up the Skype line.
It is open one eight seven seven game OLR or a username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Certainly you have something to say about the news tonight, so give us a call and we
will talk E3 or whatever it is that's on your mind tonight.
In the meantime, um, quickly, let's try to fit in a couple of last minute stories here.
Loki.
Um, so yes, let's, uh, I don't have anything pulled up again.
Oh, you don't?
That's all right.
I can go to Twitter.
All right, let me go to Twitter real quick.
Let me bring it up cause I wasn't prepared for that either.
That's okay.
All right.
We do have some tweets at twitter.com slash O L R. Oh, and how convenient.
Skypline's already going off.
Now you have some time to pull up the other stuff higher on orange house radio.
Who's this?
It's Shane.
Hey, hey, hey Shane.
How you doing?
I'm tired and hungry and grouchy.
Why are you grouchy?
Cause I can't eat or drink anything.
So are you supposed to be fasting for something?
No, I have surgery tomorrow.
So I'm not supposed to eat or drink.
So you're fasting for something.
I guess.
Okay, fine.
Yeah.
But not a good reason.
Well, good luck with all of that stuff and can't wait to talk to you when you're on drugs.
I know that will be why you should tune into Horde house on Tuesday, which by the way gets
it's, well, they, they don't hear it on Tuesday.
They hear it on Wednesday, Wednesday live, not live.
Damn it.
It's new for us.
Should I just hang up and we could start this over premiered at vog network.com on Warcraft
Wednesdays and then on the podcast feed Wednesday night.
All right.
Anyhow, they don't need to know it's tape Tuesdays.
All right.
So Shane, what are you talking about?
It's not taped on Tuesday.
That's right.
It's taped really quickly.
Live.
All right.
Shane's been playing guru for me in private messages for Mass Effect so that I actually
will not go to Noveria first.
It's what I do.
All right.
You do too.
What did you want to call on the show about tonight?
Shane?
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
No, wait.
I don't want to hear what you have to say.
I want to talk about your corgi.
I want to talk about your corgi.
Yes.
My corgi that I will have this weekend.
So he's not your corgi yet.
He's my corgi.
You put a deposit down on the corgi.
Yes.
Because that specific one that I showed you a picture of the corgi can exactly help you
recover from surgery.
In fact, that might make things worse.
Hopefully but I don't care.
I'm going to share with everyone what I shared with Shane earlier.
What?
You know what corgi means?
Sheepdog in Welsh.
So you're getting a sheep.
Wait a minute.
But you're afraid of sheep.
Then it will run it away clearly.
That's what sheepdogs before they heard sheep.
Away from me.
Yes.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
What?
Okay.
Now I'll hear what you have to say.
What did you, what did you really want to call in about tonight?
I just wanted to gloat because clearly I won that list list from a couple of weeks ago.
What makes you say that?
It's a segment of the show where we come up with a definitive list.
Yes.
Yeah.
And we had to say what we wanted on Wii U and of everything we all said, me talking
about Mass Effect was the only thing that came true.
Well congratulations, Shane.
You get a no prize.
Yeah.
You get a new version of Mass Effect.
I know.
Shane can have a raspberry.
I can someday give you a free piece of loot on voggenetwork.com.
How's that sound?
No.
I want something worth something.
Hey now.
Hey now don't devalue the loot at voggenetwork.com.
I can't sell it or make money off of it.
You can soon post it on your profile like you're supposed to be able to do in home.
What have a profile?
Yeah.
You can have one night alone with Kayden.
How about that?
I don't know.
You're like, just one.
What if they decide in Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U, they're just going to not have Kayden
in it because they're just going to say, you know what, we're going to just go with this
storyline from the first game.
What if, because it's on Nintendo console, they cut out all the sex scenes?
Oh, oh, I don't know if I could get it then.
I'm still waiting for the Garrisnookie, so.
You have to wait till, well I should just go.
I know.
It's in the second one.
I know.
All right.
So in the first one I've decided that I am going to bang the hell out of Kayden.
Just out of support for Shayne.
Good.
Thank you.
What?
That's the right way to play the game.
Because Ashley's a bitch.
Yes.
Oh, I've taught you well.
I don't like her.
I like Tali, but she's kind of dumb.
The other thing I was calling in about, because I care, so other people should care.
The new DJ Maxx game on Vita, while it doesn't have a release date, I guess Pentavision confirmed
that there will be a collector's edition in America.
And they announced three of the licenses already, which are just songs from the previous games.
But it's still something important because we actually get a real honest to goodness
K-pop license.
That's cool.
What bands are we expecting to see under the...
Right now we've only got a K-pop group called Cara, I don't know how to say it, with their
song Step from Technica.
And then a guy named Mr. Funky, who does a lot of music for the later DJ Maxx games with
Rockstar and Signalize by Paul Bazuka, who again does a lot of music for the later games.
But what's interesting is that I don't know where Step is from.
I know it's from a Technica game, but Rockstar and Signalize are both from the latest Technica
game that came out, Technica 3.
So we might see more transplants from current music instead of stuff from way back when.
And that makes me happy.
That sounds like it would be worthy, I believe.
Yes.
I just need to know how many hundreds of dollars I'm going to spend on this collector's edition,
because that will happen.
It'll probably only be like $10 or $20 more than retail.
Yeah, probably.
And it won't come with anything that's worth anything, like they haven't in a while.
I used to get awesome puzzles and face masks, and in the last one I got a CD and a crappy
book.
So it might not actually be worth it, I'll just download the game instead.
All right, Shane, we gotta let you go so we can get more calls.
Whatever, that's fine.
All right, talk to you later in the week.
Okay.
Happy surgery.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Sorry about that, guys.
We just had Bugmageddon here in the studio.
I don't know why, like tons of bugs.
They just love the light.
And Alan's trying to do laundry outside and had to run in, and all the bugs followed him.
It's gross.
Raid everywhere.
1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Are you ready for last minute stories now, Loki?
You just have one thing.
All right, that's fine.
I'll go to tweets after that.
All right.
So there is a new Kickstarter for a sword fighting game called Klang.
And you know, it's always good to have a good video to, you know, get people interested
about your property.
Well, they got Gabe Newell in there.
Apparently, he is quite handy with blacksmithing.
And so of course, he was in there to poke fun at the fact that Half-Life 3 is not out
and he was a jerk.
He was forging a new crowbar.
All right.
Let me go to the phones.
We had another call on the line.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Chugga chugga choo choo, motherfuckers.
It's Jim Sally.
Hey, hey.
Hey, and you can say that word on this show.
I'm sorry.
You know that, right, man?
I'm so sick of being held back on Bobby's show.
Hey, he's just taking the Nintendo approach.
It's all right.
Oh, fuck.
I love this.
You guys, I love this new Nintendo approach with moderating everyone's shit.
I don't, I don't, listen, I know most people are complaining about this bullshit that they're
going to monitor everything before you post it up or whatever.
I'm thinking cha-ching, cha-ching, motherfuckers.
I just sent my resume off.
I could, I could probably weed through that shit at home all day.
Maybe there will actually be some type of like Nintendo reality show where people audition
to be one of the moderators and they'll call it The Moderator.
Oh, that's a genius idea.
And it'll be on the Nintendo network.
It sounds like, it sounds like something a Japanese company would do for sure.
And you could compete.
Fucking right I can.
I mean, friggin' right I can.
All right.
So what, no, really, what are your thoughts on E3 this week, Jim Salley?
It was all next to nothing.
Like, every time I watch E3, I'm just, I don't want to say I'm depressed afterwards, but
like, I feel like I was let down the last couple of years.
You wouldn't say you're depressed because you look for the cyanide?
No, I didn't, no, I didn't make the Kool-Aid.
I didn't make Kool-Aid with Vocky in it, because I thought we were going to get some crazy
shit to see, but nope, we didn't get nothing.
Wii U is pretty weird though, it's strange.
What about the stuff that everybody's going crazy about?
What about the Watch Dogs and the Beyond Two Swords?
Ah, that's all garbage to Jim Salley, listen, if it's not, if it's not Halo 4, it's everything
else.
That's all I'm going to say.
So you're a Halo 4 fan?
Who doesn't love, who isn't a Halo game?
Who doesn't love Halo?
Well, I have fallen out of love with Halo a bit since all the stuff after 3, but I will
say Halo 4 looks pretty darn interesting.
What do you think kind of about the different look, it has kind of a different look to it,
what do you think of it?
I think it's about time we changed it up a little bit anyway, I was getting kind of drab
before, almost like redundant before, so we're not changing up a little bit.
I'm really concerned though with the online, I wonder how well they'll do, because Bungie
kind of babied us.
They did it right for a long time.
So do you think the change in studio was a good thing?
Ah, yeah, because to be honest with you, I don't think Bungie could keep it up, they
said it themselves, that they were getting kind of sick of, not honestly sick, but they
were getting kind of bored with doing Halo, right, and if they're not going to have that
same drive to build the great Halos like they did in the past, then it is time to pass the
torch on to someone new.
And I can agree with that, I mean, especially, it actually has to do with I think anything
that one is working on, if you don't have the enthusiasm, it's going to show in the
end product.
Exactly, right, which is why we see a lot of Obsidian games, when they're just, they
know they're only getting the sequel, right, they just pump it out as quick as they can,
because they just need to get their money and they want to be done with it, they don't
care, they want to move on.
Yeah.
It's sad, it was an error though, man.
So what else does the Jim Sally train want to share with us tonight here on OLR?
Is Loki there, or is he eating pizza right now?
I'm right here.
Listen, I'm really ashamed of myself, I'm going to admit this to you, but I've been
at the very last mission of Grand Theft Auto IV for about a year, and I can't fly a fucking
helicopter to save my life.
That's alright, their controls are kind of terrible.
Is there like a cheat though, or something I can do, like, it's got to be some sort of
a cheat.
To control the helicopter better?
I don't know, like a helicopter doesn't die mode or something?
Well you can put in your god mode code and just bring up your phone, and then when you
have the phone up, you can just keep hitting the health, it's the GTA555-0100 is the number,
and then basically you just keep hitting that and you'll keep replenishing the health on
the helicopter.
Really though, it's difficult to keep shooting down the bad guy in the game.
So really my best bet is to go get a kid from the elementary school to come over and just
do it for me?
Yeah, you could do that, or I mean, you can hack it even further, but it's probably just
easier just to use that cheat code if that's the way you want to go.
But I have to type that in as I'm falling to my death?
No, no, you just type it into your phone beforehand so you have that cheat up, and then you bring
it up on your cheats menu in the phone, and then you can just keep hitting A over and
over or X or whatever, and each time you hit it, it'll recover the health in your helicopter,
or you can just wait until your helicopter starts smoking or whatever, and it'll replenish
the health on the helicopter.
You're my best friend, Loki.
There you go.
Friends are made, and now you have something to do right after the show.
Right after the show, baby!
It's time to go finish.
GTA 5-5-5!
All right.
Jim, Sally, I gotta let you go so we can get into some more calls, but thanks so much for
stopping in tonight.
Okay, man.
I just want to dedicate this call to my buddy Birdman.
Listen, Bird, if you've been drinking too much and I gotta call your brother to come
over and take you home at the party, then maybe you've had too many beers, Birdy, or
not enough.
And don't drink and drive, ever.
Don't drink and drive.
That's why I called your brother.
You drunk fuck, Bird.
Jesus Christ, man.
All right, Birdman.
Don't drive your car to my house and drink a six-pack of beers.
Get the fuck out of here, Bird.
Go with your brother.
I love you, Sky.
All right.
Love you, too.
Take care.
All right, thanks.
Thanks, Loki.
No problem.
Oh, I see how it is.
I was gonna say bye, Darkie, but I guess not now.
Aww.
Heart.
Bye, sweet Darkie.
Heart face.
Little bum.
I made the little bum thing for you.
Making duck face.
With the three.
With the number three.
I'm hanging up now.
Bye, Jim Sally.
Everybody look at my bum.
That was a great note to end on.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you think you can follow that call, good luck to you.
Meanwhile, I'm gonna try to do Twitter topics here.
Every time I've done it, though, I've been derailed, though, but we'll go to a couple
tweets here.
TigerClaw305 sent us a tweet about Nexon pays $685 million for 14.7% of NCSoft.
NCSoft.
They've made games like Guild Wars.
I know it's one of their big titles.
Ion.
They've done a couple other MMOs as well.
They are now the largest shareholder in NCSoft.
So, there you go.
Very cool.
That's part of a two-year agreement between these two South Korean gaming companies.
So, we'll see what is born of that partnership later on.
TigerClaw sent us another tweet about Kojima seeing social and core games converging together.
And this is kind of some of what you saw in some of Nintendo's presentation.
That's what Kojima said.
In an interview with CVG, he said, quote,
I don't think social and core games are separate.
Both will evolve together, and at some point, I feel the social side of things will converge
with the core gamers.
I think in the future, maybe Metal Gear will change in certain ways to integrate social aspects.
If you look at other games on the market now, you can see it's already happening.
So, Metal Gear may at some point get involved.
How do you guys feel about that?
Do you think he's onto something there, or do you think maybe too far?
Casual Metal Gear game?
Yeah, I don't know about that.
That's very interesting.
I mean, I thought what Xbox Live and PlayStation Network did was already kind of social,
and not that it's always showing the best parts of society.
But, you know, I kind of thought that was the social gaming.
Because what used to be social gaming arcades.
And look what Xbox Live and PlayStation Network has done to arcades.
I don't know.
I don't think, I mean, when I hear this, I think Facebook games.
And there's very few Facebook games I get excited about.
Very, very few.
Although, I will say, you don't know Jack is pretty fucking awesome on Facebook.
Just saying.
Hmm.
I've derailed the chat room, and this is epic.
We're talking about Filipino food now.
One more call, or one more, time for one more call, and I'll get to one more tweet here.
1877 game OLR again, or a username on Skype is orangeonsradiolastcall for calls.
Meanwhile, we got one more tweet here from actdeft.
The Nubuo Summer Bundle Kickstarter.
So it's a Kickstarter that he's linked us to.
It's music inspired by video games.
And it's a Kickstarter.
They're trying to raise $8,000.
And why are they doing this?
Well, they're trying to do video game music information in English and Japanese.
A two-CD original and arranged soundtrack album for the browser game Rokochan.
And doing some different design work there.
Proceeds of the Kickstarter will benefit the bundle's eight participating musicians.
And will be the first source of funding for the Rokochan team.
So I guess it's kind of like a little bit of a startup company here slash get a cool little soundtrack album.
I will say this though, some of the albums that are included in this,
Super Meat Boy Choice Piano Cuts, Splatterhouse Volume 1 Volume 2, and Splatterhouse Butchered.
So if you're a Splatterhouse fan, also in there in the arranged pack,
Looks like our friend Mega Ran who was on the show a few weeks ago is involved there with Black Materia the remixes.
As well as some stuff by Metroid Metal.
So those are some groups you should know of.
So go onto Kickstarter and search for N-U-B-U-W-O.
Nubwo.
There it is.
That's it for tweets.
The phone ain't going off.
So I'm thinking the show's about over.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in tonight to our little program.
We really appreciate you guys tuning in every week and supporting independent podcasting.
We really appreciate your support.
Again, if you like what you hear, leave us a nice review on iTunes or whatever pod software site you use to get this.
There's a new one now.
There's Stitcher Radio.
If you don't download podcasts directly to your device, there's an app in the App Store.
And it's also, it's iOS and it's Android called Stitcher Radio.
And you can give us thumbs up and likes and stuff.
And there actually is like a chart that ranks shows.
And I think last I looked, we were number 40 or something in games.
And we can go a little higher, right?
Give us some thumbs up.
Stitcher's free.
So go get it.
Give us some thumbs up.
It's on the web too.
I'll have to get the link for the website or Tiger Claw will beat me to it in about five seconds here.
We could definitely use your thumbs up and your likes over there on Stitcher Radio.
We'd really appreciate that.
Or just tell a friend.
Word of mouth is how we spread the good word of Orange Launch Radio and grow the O.L. Army.
Before we conclude tonight, though, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura, we'll start you tonight. Ladies first.
I'm changing the fortune cookie.
You can't do that.
Yes, I can.
Alright, fine. You can change the fortune cookie.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I have to get off Kickstarter. It's dangerous.
Spending too much money?
Well, no, I've been luckily not spending too much money.
But I'll talk to you out there about stuff.
I don't know. I've just seen some of these ideas that people come up with.
It's just like, really?
No, we're not doing a Kickstarter.
No, no, no, no, no.
Not at all.
Alright.
Not at all. There's definitely no one I'm getting at.
Alright.
My final thought tonight is I'm looking forward to eating what's in that crock pot right over there in the corner of the room.
And all those bugs can go die of raid poisoning. Stupid bugs.
That's it. We're done. We're out of here.
Thank you everybody so much for tuning into Orange Lounge Radio.
And we'll see you again next week.
We didn't mention it all tonight, surprisingly, just because E3 has kind of dominated everything.
But I will mention now, we are two weeks away from the ten year Orange Lounge Radio anniversary show.
If you can believe it.
That's a long time.
Two weeks away.
Are you going to be here?
Yeah, I'll be here.
Okay, there was a week you weren't going to be here.
That was supposed to be this week.
Oh, but you made it anyway.
Yeah.
Oh, hooray.
Alright, great.
So are you really giving me the webcam?
Yes, I'm giving you the, well technically that was from Akuma JP.
So Akuma JP gave you, then gave me, then gave you back the webcam.
Cool.
Alright.
That's it. We're done. We're out of here.
Have a great night everybody.
Thanks for staying up late with us or listening to us at work or whatever it is.
Just can't thank you guys enough.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
