Today, August 20th, 2006, is 1080p really the future?
Microsoft begs to differ.
What do Wii preview parties have in common with raves?
What ever happened to the Phantom anyway?
caused quite a bit of stir, but it was a good time. We had a good time on last week's show.
We're going to have a good time on this week's show, and to help us through that, as always,
say hello to Loki! Yes, I'm here.
That's right. How you doing, Loki? I'm doing good.
Good. Anything exciting going on in your week? Uh, yeah. I destroyed the arcade cabinet.
Really? Oh, that's right, you built... Now, long time listeners of Orange on
Australia, remember back in the day, you built your own cabinet to play it,
like, what, a main cabinet, basically, right? Basically, yeah.
and why did you destroy it? It's too big. Too big?
Need the room for the 37-inch LCD TV.
So about how much money would you say ended up getting burned? Only a couple
hundred. Most of it was in the buttons.
I see. Alright well also joining us tonight say hello to an old friend of
our show. Say hello to Miklotov.
Hi. How you doing Miklotov? Oh I'm good.
Good. Miklotov happens to work for Konami but he's not here as an employee
of Konami, he's here as a gamer.
I don't play video games.
Which is kind of an issue. I just saw you playing one like two minutes ago.
But that doesn't count.
I see. I have to say that because we actually have Konami-related news tonight that's pretty big.
So, I have to remember to distinguish that.
I know. But I know everything about Konami, so...
Oh, really?
Yes.
You can't share any of it on here?
No.
I'm teasing. I know.
Alright, also say hello to an old favorite of our program.
Say hello to Drewnami.
Hey, what's up?
Not a whole lot. How are you doing?
Uh, fair good. Hey. Give me a mic, dammit.
Give me that mic. Sheesh.
Alright.
A little mic confusion. There we go.
Alright. How are you doing?
Uh, fair. A little bit of gaming to speak of, but I think we'll say that to gaming weeks.
Alright. Well, let's get to it. Let's start with Loki. How was your gaming week?
My week was good. I played Dead Rising which is still fun, but
It gets progressively harder later in the game
Then what else they play I played I just got done playing the bad day la demo on PC
That's really cool-looking except. I don't like the fact that to save a lot of people
I'm not a fan of saving people more a fan of beating them to death in the game. So
So that's gonna take a little bit of getting used to, but I am looking forward to the game.
It's supposed to be coming I guess later this week or next week or something, I don't know.
So should be cool.
That's also part of my problem with Dead Rising, really, is that I don't like saving people.
I like to kill them in games.
Well they're fucking stupid, okay?
They are fucking stupid in Dead Rising.
I tried saving these people, they were trapped in a store, and they wanted to get the safety,
so I'm like, you know, follow me, and they're sitting there beating up a zombie, and then
all of a sudden like five zombies jump on them and eat them.
like you're a dumb idiot well fucking listen to me or die apparently you chose
death so fuck you so the next time I you know I ran past that section when I
reloaded the game again I said fuck them they can die and that's what they did so
of course I'll come by and break down the door so the zombies have an easier
chance you know getting them all right anything else that you played I want to
I was going to say I played ChromeHounds, but I don't think I did.
Okay.
I'll talk about my gaming week.
I played Dead Rising a little more because killing zombies is a lot of fun.
I got a little bit further.
I finally figured out the secret to kill that very first boss that kept slicing me.
Or actually I should say shooting me because he has a gun.
And I sliced him because Loki showed me where to find a katana.
So that made me very happy because it made fighting that first boss a hell of a lot easier.
So now I'm having more fun just running around doing random things.
The other game I've been playing a lot of this week is 99 Nights. I decided to go out and buy it because I actually like the demo, and you know what?
I don't understand why all the reviews on the internet are so freaking negative of this game.
It's not that bad. It's not perfect, but it's not like the worst game on Xbox 360 right now, by far.
I think this game just isn't for everybody. The game is a bit of a button masher, yes, but so were a lot of old arcade games, like in the early 90s and late 80s.
The game really reminds me in a sense of golden axe you run around you swing your sword around you hit the button to hit
Your sword a lot you kill things except you're killing hundreds and hundreds of monsters at a time
I actually find the game to be a lot of fun, and it looks gorgeous the music is awesome
Now there are some problems with the game as I said it's not perfect
Um some of the interface just kind of sucks like the menus and things and I I just didn't dig it I
The save menus are a little weird and those things and the voice overs are awful, awful.
I mean whoever did the voices did horrible, whoever did the lip syncing did horrible.
They should have just had an option to retain the original Japanese language track because
I'll tell you the voice overs are awful but the game itself is quite a bit of fun.
They have that option with Enchanted Arms which is coming out and you can do the Japanese
voice track or the English voice track.
Good because if they butcher the English there, then that's you know gonna be what we do here
I'm going over to orange lounge radio.com clicking on chat and reading what our chat room has to say
We have fire bomb. It says sky Kingdom Hearts 2 is a button masher too, but it had a story
Yeah, 99 nights has a story too though
I mean granted Kingdom Hearts 2 has a really great in-depth story and 99 nights is a little bit
You know kind of generic, but it looks really pretty and if the story is not bad
I can think of games that had worse stories. So I I mean I would call 99 nights a
Slightly above average game and the only kind of its John well, I guess there's dynasty warriors
But considering that's just like a straight-up port. I'd say it's really the only kind of game of its genre
Really truly available for next-gen right now, and I think it's worth a lawyer
I yeah, I think there's a audience of people that this game is really for you know an audience of people what an
Audience of people not a audience whatever. Thank you grammar bigletov professor guy. You're welcome
Well, then how is your gaming week so I can criticize the way you talk about it. Oh, well
I've been playing a couple things
I'm not allowed to talk about and one's really frustrating and I hate it
But other than that the only game I really play at all anymore is
is Suikoden 2 and I play it at work on my breaks
and I leave it on so I've amassed about 700 hours on the game now
so and I just really like that game a lot
Are you trying to see if maybe it rolls over once you hit 999?
Actually yeah, we're hoping that it would happen this week because we don't know how to
you know, count, so we didn't realize it wasn't going to hit 999 this week
but I'm really enjoying it and I always enjoy it, I've played through that game a million times
And that's all I play.
Now, did you watch me play some of those games on 360, like Prey and Dead Rising?
What do you think of some of those ones you've been watching?
Prey is pretty cool.
It's kind of creepy.
I think I could enjoy it on a computer because I don't like using console controllers for
FPSs.
99 Nights I was really excited about and then I saw it and I was really disappointed because
it looks like a really bland Samurai Warriors or Dynasty Warriors.
That's pretty bad seen as dynasty warriors is pretty bland as I like dynasty warriors
I think and I like 99 nights and then I look at dynasty warriors and I go
Environments and 99 nights just are so bland and you're always fighting the same enemy and you can't even tell half the time if
There's still an enemy on screen because your stupid
Comrades are all like grouped around it. It's like a hundred of your friends around one enemy
So you have to wade your way through them
You know swing your sword it only hits the bad. Yeah, I
I'll forgive that though because the same thing again look at games like golden axe Ninja Turtles
You never hit your friends magically. That's that's what this game is to me
It's a souped-up old-school beat-em-up don't like that so you could hit your friends there were like double dragon, right?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure you can one of the double dragon. Double dragon is fun to throw people in the pits
That's what we need. We need a Simpsons next-gen arcade game that looks like 99 nights, but it's the Simpsons
Okay, awesome. That would be
Score maybe that'll be on Wii's virtual console
cardboard tube samurai
That would be fucking sweet
And I guess the other game you had was dead rising and the zombie games actually frightened me
But it looks it was funny at times
But I still I don't think I could bring myself to play it
Did you like the part where I wore the little kid's outfit and the big teddy bear mask?
If you mean creeped out by it, then yes, I liked it a whole lot.
My favorite was going to the women's store and getting the dress with the big bright
pink flowers on it and then putting on sunglasses.
That was awesome.
That was pretty funny.
Or when you changed your hair gray in the cosmetic store.
But the greatest is that whatever costume you're wearing carries on into the cut scenes.
So it's really funny to be wearing the flowery dress in the cut scenes where he's trying
to act all badass.
Yeah, when he was leaning up against the wall, he was some sort of prostitute. That was pretty awesome.
And that part had no zombies, so I was okay with it.
Alright. Are you afraid of zombies?
Yes, I am.
You need someone to hold your hand when you play zombie games?
I can't think of someone who works at Taco Bell.
Alright, anyway, moving on.
Going over to DrewNami.
Drew, what kind of games have you been playing this week?
Well, I haven't exactly been on the cutting edge lately.
I've been playing... I finished Fable as a little goody-two-shoes, now I'm replaying it as some big, badass, evil, bisexual screwing around, bucking around, whatever.
Which was the best part of Fable, really. Otherwise it was just pretty much your standard, you know.
uh... i'd have to say the different kind of weapons that you can use
uh... and different kind of uh...
relationship you can have with uh... the townsfolk
which admittedly is not much but uh...
it's still kinda cool
uh...
i've been brushing up on my beatmania lately uh...
haven't been doing too much of that actually
took the time to put my scores in on rankings
again not very impressive
uh... playing a little bit more tell your iris almost beat it
been going back to pray finally beat it
ending was very cool you know what all things considered a prey doesn't take
that long to be it's a pretty short game i mean if i was a little more hardcore
about it and can play games like for a long time in one setting i could have
been in a day
yes but it's pretty easy to even can die don't you know you don't ever really die
uh... and for some reason i picked up a man x command mission after like two
months of not playing it
and i've just been blowing through it
like five hours straight
no reason at all
nine but uh...
it's it's fairly good rpg
all right well that that's it for everybody's gaming week and i know to
some folks in chatter uh... kind of talking a little bit about their a
gaming weeks there and we don't care about them no i i'm curious what folks
uh... their plan uh... d j dark night is playing so com three i think c don't
care uh...
Well, we don't have time to play everything. We're just, what, four people?
There's too many games. How many new games do they release every week?
But how many of them are worth playing?
That's true. I'm not going to deny that.
There's like maybe one a month.
But everybody's into something different, right?
You know, if I didn't have a job, I'd be playing tons of games.
I wouldn't. I hate video games.
Isn't that what you do all day now?
For now.
All right, anyway, let's go to some housekeeping stuff really quick.
We wanted to mention the ChromeHounds tourney.
Remember how we were going back and forth with Bobby Black Wolf about, we're gonna kick
your ass, you're gonna kick our ass, or whatever?
We couldn't get enough people to participate in the ChromeHounds thing.
I don't know if folks just, like, our listener base isn't really into this game or what,
but we couldn't get enough people.
And I guess, I don't know, I wasn't really following, but I guess maybe there was shenanigans
going on somewhere else in the tournament.
So it got cancelled.
So it never really happened.
So we never got to put O.L. Army vs. Bobby did the test.
So maybe another time, I think what we'll do right now, focus on building up the presence
of Orange Lounge Radio listeners in different games on the O.L. Army, and then we'll take
people on in tournaments.
Personally, I would like to see something more along the lines of, like, Saints Row
when that comes out.
Not necessarily a team deathmatch type of thing, but just last man standing, just get
bunch of people from you know you know all games get you know some of us get
some other people and just have everyone kill each other and you know I like that
kind so it would answer answer the age-old classic all our question of if
all the members of Orange Lawns Radio got into a battle royale who would
survive you guys are just fucking lucky that they haven't put out a Grand Theft
Auto yet that's online because I would fucking kill everybody that sounds like
the throwdown that is the throwdown I know that because I've been owning my
peep my peeps at work for what you know almost a year now yeah I think I think
we could do that bring it I've I've got a year on it can't you do that it
doesn't have rumble lows rumble roses double X have a mode like that the four
four chicks beating each other up yeah it says that we should all get rumble
rumble roses double X will be 20 bucks any day now come on how many people
actually want to waste $20 though I I bought oh no way I didn't buy the game I
I got it for free. Thank you, Konami.
That's not worth it, either.
I want to borrow that if you never play it.
I don't play it.
I want to spend some time with chick wrestlers.
Come on, it's fun.
I basically popped it in, played with the boob adjustment
little dial on there, and got bored of it.
That's about it.
BlackWolf's in chat right now, our old buddy,
Bobby BlackWolf, who also does a show Sunday nights
over allgames.com.
Loki does not play well with others.
He can't handle a team game.
That's probably about right.
yeah at least okay at least he admits it
I'm like Zim from Invader Zim
we need to do like a destroying when we're on our own planet
so I wish we could do like a World of Warcraft like I wish you could have like a private
Battlegrounds wouldn't that be fun
actually they're gonna have they had a little neat
World of Warcraft insider that they posted up saying
in the expansion they're going to have an arena and you can field your own
teams
Hmm, but does anybody on all games interactive play World of Warcraft? I don't know. Well, I somehow I don't see Scott
Ruben wasting his days away leveling out World of Warcraft. Hey, I resemble that remark
All right. Well, we'll see maybe someday. All right
Anyway, we're gonna get into tonight's news and we want to start it off with a piece of news that we are actually putting out
there
It has to do with an upcoming promotion coming to orange lounge radio
We're really excited about it
And this has just been posted on our website over orange lounge radio comm
Orange Lounge Radio is going to be bringing you a fall of DDR Power Previews.
This has to do with the upcoming Xbox DDR games.
We're going to announce a partnership with Konami to promote upcoming Dance Dance Revolution titles
on the Xbox and Xbox 360 platforms with exclusive song premieres.
Debuting in the fourth quarter of 2006 on the Xbox,
Dance Dance Revolution UltraMix 4 will contain a new Power Mode
accessible via a returning feature known as Party Mode.
Power Mode will allow the user to play a non-stop music course,
four of which are initially available, approximately five minutes in length.
These new Power Courses not only feature a stream of non-stop dancing arrows,
but seamlessly mixed non-stop music.
Longtime fans of the DDR series will recognize this feature
as something similar to a non-stop mode featured in the Japanese-only arcade release,
Dance Dance Revolution Solo 2000. Dance Dance Revolution Universe, the first game
in the DDR series for the Xbox 360,
also scheduled for the fourth quarter of 06, will also contain this new power mode
with a completely different lineup of courses, four initially available.
Speed, Sync, and Quad modes are some of the other additional features
both games will contain in the party mode. Beginning Sunday, September 3rd,
Orange Lounge Radio, hey that's us, will be offering exclusive first listens of
the new power courses each week on Sunday nights along with bonus v-rare
track previews from the Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 4 v-rare and the
Dance Dance Revolution Universe v-rare. The music will be debuted during our
live broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio Live right here six o'clock Pacific time.
These preview listens will be rebroadcast on the syndicated run of
Orange Lounge Radio Live airing on all games radio the following Monday at 5
p.m. Pacific time and Tuesday at 9 a.m. Pacific time now these preview listens
are exclusive to the live broadcast as you can imagine due to copyright reasons
they will not be available as the podcast or on the podcast so you have to
listen live to hear it we're really excited about this I mean we've been
covering DDR news for a long long time so you know being able to kind of play
a part in rolling out new songs for all you guys to hear is really exciting so
So we're going to be starting that in two weeks.
I've already heard them all hahaha.
Well you're special, that's why.
So if I hahaha, we'll be playing them for you guys pretty soon.
Very excited about it.
You guys can almost be as cool as us, that means.
I'll be blasting them in my car hahaha.
He says I already don't if I had a car.
Does that matter?
No.
Alright, anyway, before we do this thing here, are you guys anything we should warn the listeners
about or anything?
I don't know.
I think it's cool. I love the idea of non-stops from Solo 2000-ish thing coming back, that whole idea.
Personally, I don't like one of them.
But there's like, you know, there's four in each game, at least.
You don't think I know that?
But I'm saying, you know, so is there ever a song in DDR you don't like?
No! That's a lie.
Because I'm like, okay, usually in a 75 song list there's got to be at least, you know,
you know a few that you don't like but there's a few that you love so
somebody's muting me I don't even understand that I forget it yeah I know
all right so anyway you go DM in all right well I will be starting that on
Sunday September 3rd right here live on orange lounge radio we're excited about
that yeah cutress points out they were also in solo bass mix oh that's right
so it's had like half as many as solo 2002 doesn't add like four more I keep
forgetting about solo bass I was I had only ever played solo 2000. I think they still have a solo
bass machine down at the Folsom bowling alley over here. Really? That's pretty cool. It was awful.
Yeah I think they had one that uh at what the local Walmart for a little while uh that got
that got taken out. I think it moved to the Folsom bowling alley that's where they got theirs from.
Anyways um so yeah I think we'll start off the show with some wonderful exclusive stuff that
that you're not gonna hear anywhere else, at least not yet.
Starting off with some price drops.
Far Cry and Six Predator, yet another game on the 360s,
dropped down to $39.99, so that's always good.
And also now we have a date for Dead or Alive Extreme 2,
which is gonna be hitting this holiday season
right before Black Friday on November 22nd,
so look forward to that.
One bad thing though, Oblivion on the PSP has been delayed to April, so, you know, got to wait a little bit longer.
Now, for you hockey fans, NHL 07 has been confirmed by the folks at EA to be having a demo coming out soon, so you can check that out on Xbox Live's Marketplace, probably in a couple weeks.
Now, one thing that was mentioned on GameStop this week, they pointed out a Devil May Cry 5th Anniversary Collection coming out on the Playstation 2.
That is going to be coming out for $39.99 retail on October 25th, and it features Devil May Cry 1 through 3.
However, they missed a little bit of information on that.
that, that there's also a Resident Evil 10th anniversary collection coming out on the GameCube,
which will be featuring Resident Evil, Resident Evil 0, and Resident Evil 4, also for $39.99,
also coming out on the 25th of October. And now for you, you know, fans of, you know,
new colors for systems, you'll be happy to know that the PlayStation 2 Slim is getting
a new color. It's going to be coming out in silver now. I guess that way you can coordinate
your Playstation 2 slim with your upcoming Playstation 3 and that will also be hitting
stores October 25th. Also coming out on the 31st, Xbox 360 is going to be getting a peripheral
bundle. No news yet on what exactly is in that. Speaking of bundles, PSP is also getting
getting a new bundle called the Digital Entertainment Pack.
It's coming out September 20th for $249.99.
It'll include the core system, a one gigabyte memory stick,
the Lords of Dogtown UMD movie,
and ATV Off-Road Fury Road.
Well they're gonna have to unload those somewhere.
Please and trails.
So apparently this is a great deal or something,
but that's gonna be coming out September 20th.
And then finally, I've got some news
that'll make any DDR fan a little bit sad and that is information about the
brand new Saturday morning series called dance revolution and it will feature
this group called the slumber party girls anyways this is actually coming
from a industry a magazine called home media retailing it says dick
entertainment and geffen records have partnered to create slumber party girls
a five members is it is it just wrong to me that dick entertainment is producing
this I mean about slumber party girls yeah it's slightly wrong anyway from
the geniuses you brought us captain in a five-member singing and dance act aimed
at the tween demographic the group whose multi-ethnic members were chosen from
more than 1,000 applicants will be the cornerstone to and this is apparently is
brought to you by Kohl's Kohl's secret slumber party on CBS which premieres
September 16th. The Slumber Party Girls will also appear on 26 half-hour episodes of Dance Revolution,
and of course my notes on that will be the unholy love child of DDR and Saturday Morning TV. A live
action TV series within the secret Slumber Party TV block inspired by Konami's video game franchise
Dance Dance Revolution. A Slumber Party Girls original music signal is slated to debut on
iTunes and AOL this month with a music DVD from Geffen, a division of Universal Music
Thereafter.
Is this the end of DDR? Has DDR jumped the shark?
Now I wonder if we're going to see any of their music on one of the DDR games.
Please, God.
Oh God, this is not the American B for you, is it? Oh God. Oh God.
Please, can I-
It just struck me. This might be the American B for you. I'm going to have to pour acid
in my eyes and I would have I would have loved to just walked into the boardroom
that was planning this shit dogma style and stopped it from happening you know
ease you know don't defile our DDR anymore now it is promotion now I'm of
what type now in studio I have a picture of the slumber party girls which I will
hope to get on the website at some point but now Rob and Shane you guys have seen
the slumber party girls uh drew take a look you know what do you think it's the
fucking Mickey Mouse Club yeah pretty much the Mickey Mouse Club of DDR I
don't know what the fuck they're gonna do with this show but uh it's pretty
scary so um cutters has a good point look at it this way last year it was go
west and YMCA this year at slumber party girls I say to make the top earlier
there's one song in DDR you always skip you know what though think about this
What is the Mickey Mouse Club done for us giving us a bunch of horse? So, you know what more power to Britney Christina Justin Timberlake
That one sexy back songs pretty hot. I know it was stuck in my head the other day. I was very sad. Oh anyway, yeah
Sorry, uh, sorry. I think thinking about Justin Timberlake. We should get back to video games. However
What do you think is this good promotion me go top I'm especially curious what you might think on this is this good promotion
I can have a comment. I don't like it. I think it's really stupid
All right, but that's me not speaking as a Konami employee. That's me speaking as you know a normal person that
Can look at that article and be like hey Rob. That's the worst thing I've ever seen
I wonder if we'll see more about this in a few days
Maybe I don't know why oh, yeah, maybe maybe they'll do a performance
We'll see. All right, let's move it. Let's move on to another story
Now, maybe if you're into that thing, maybe you'll be lucky and they'll release a Slumber
Party Girls HD DVD, so you can see them in all their full high-definition glory.
With a free coupon for therapy.
Which hopefully you'll be able to play on your Xbox 360 HD DVD add-on.
There are rumors going around out there, according to DigiTimes, this HD DVD add-on will be retailing
for $200 US.
Now, originally I think the rumors were $100, but I think we all realized that seemed a
a little low. So $200 is now the price of the add-on they're saying. This is only a
rumor keep in mind, but sounds like it could be pretty legit. What do you think, Loki?
Well we haven't heard the official price yet. I keep checking daily, twice daily. But I'm
sure Microsoft I know is coming into our work in a few weeks, and I'm sure we'll get the
information out of them then. But that sounds about right. I mean HD DVD players are pretty
expensive, um, and it's not really something that you necessarily have to buy. So, yeah,
$200 seems pretty reasonable for an HD DVD player. But, I mean, when you think about
it, all it is, is really kind of just a drive anyways. But, um, you know, one thing, though,
that what's kind of cool about it, though, is you are gonna be probably able to pump
out, um, 1080p with it. Well, maybe. I don't know. But, um, it doesn't really matter anyways
because 1080i and 1080p are pretty much the same damn thing.
And according to one of the Microsoft employees...
That's not what Sony says!
Well, yeah, they're the ones selling those 1080p TVs.
So pretty much, you know, we have one of the former Microsoft employees, I guess, Andre...
I can't even pronounce his last name.
Anyways, he had a blog entry entitled 1080p Meaningless This Generation, and he discussed
That's why the PlayStation 3 can output 1080p for both games and movies, but apparently
doesn't mean much, and you won't see any 1080p games for the PlayStation 3 this year.
And that kind of makes sense.
I mean, it can output that high, but a lot of the games are being co-developed for both
the, you know, 360 and PlayStation 3 at the same time, so a lot of them just shoot for
720 anyways, so, big deal.
This is interesting what fireresurrected says in our chat room over at orangelaunchradio.com
click on chat, 1080i and 1080p is not the same thing.
And I don't think that's what they're saying in this article, I mean obviously they're
not interlaced progressive, but I think what they're saying is, does it matter?
Does the eye really distinguish the difference that much?
They're just saying that there's not much of a difference between the interlaced and
the progressive scan on it, I mean, okay, so granted, I think what you'll see-
I sure noticed the difference between 480i and 480p.
I would say what the main difference would probably be is it'd be sharper and less blurry
especially with a lot of movement on screen and stuff like that because it's updating
faster but I'm not going to go spend $3,000 on a fucking TV just to make sure that it's
not quite as blurry as the other thing.
I'm sorry.
Granted, this will be something that will be available later on.
Is it something that you need right now?
Probably not.
So who cares?
Are you really going to notice?
But if each console generation lasts about five years, then the question is, is this
something you're going to have in five years?
Possibly, but the thing is though, is it something really, I mean like for example, the difference
between 720 and 1080i on your TV, do you really notice a huge difference?
Not much, I really don't.
So I mean, you're probably not going to really notice the difference on it, and anyways,
He points out there's an analysis done by the video editor of Home Theater Magazine
who basically said there's no noticeable difference between 1080i and 1080p.
And so, I'll take it as you will, but remember Sony is the one.
They are trying to sell those TVs, they are trying to sell Blu-ray, and making it a big
selling point because, I don't know, the games aren't that great.
Well, remember also that the next generation doesn't start until Sony says it does, remember?
Yeah, somebody in chat reminded me of that a minute ago, so that's why somebody else was saying because I called
99 nights a next-gen game and somebody said well now the 360 is out isn't it current gen and you know well
Unfortunately Sony hasn't said yet that next-gen can start so you know 360 I guess I
Don't know. It's a little silly
I really want to see like Reggie and Peter Moore and
and, um, what's the guy for Sony? Kaz?
Kaz? Yeah, that guy. I want to see them all
like in a Rumble Roses style mud wrestling match.
With bikinis? No, without bikinis, please. Like in suits and ties.
You know, just kicking the crap out of each other over the, uh, different system.
You know Reggie would win, I'm sorry. I'm not just saying that as a Nintendo fanboy,
but Reggie?
You know he would throw down. He looks like he could
kick some ass. We have some talk on Reggie, but we'll get to that a little later.
Reggie? Oh god! You gotta love Reggie! Seriously!
You know how bad I want him on this show?
I would put out to get Reggie on this show. Alright, anyway.
I'm sure you would.
I know, I know.
Uh, moving on.
With Reggie, though?
Uh...
I don't know. I don't think so. I think he's happily married, isn't he?
Well, then you're never gonna get him.
Alright, anyway.
Moving on.
Wow, this show's hit a whole new low.
And I thought last week was bad, God, I thought, you know, getting rid of the lesbians, we'd
have ourselves a nice serious program tonight, but I had to go screw it up.
Oh, this is something very serious, the ESRB, and of course the Entertainment Software Ratings
Board is going to be launching a new public service announcement campaign.
The PSAs will explain video game ratings to parents and encourage them to check the rating
every time they purchase a video game for their kids.
His campaign will be using TV, radio throughout the state of Georgia and itís going to be
running in the coming weeks.
Recent studies paid for by the ESRB show that 83% of parents with children who play video
games are aware of the ESRB ratings and three-quarters reference them when buying games for their
family.
I couldnít help but think when I read this, havenít there already been many PSAs and
campaigns for this?
When I went into Target, there's this whole who wants to be a millionaire play, which
I think is really funny because that whole thing is years old now.
I think America is so over-millionaire.
But they have this whole thing with Regis selling the ratings, basically.
That's annoying sounding.
But when I worked at EB... There's a baseball one, too.
Yeah.
On our EBTV we had every month, they had Tiger Woods promoting the ESRB ratings, and I think
Derek Jeter was on one time too. It was, you know, I guess informative, but I think
they don't give the parents enough credit because when I worked in EB, the
parents would always check the ESRB ratings. It's like, oh, this game's T? They
would ask my opinion and be like, yeah, if you're getting it for your four-year-old,
that's probably not a good thing. There's always one retard that slips
through the cracks though. And that's the one they pay attention to. And I mean that, I don't mean like
literally, okay, I'm not totally insensitive, but I mean like, you know,
Somebody who really just something is just you know wrong with the parents. There's just one. You know parent out there
That's always you know their kids are screaming
You know fine
I got a bike around the thought of for them and then you know kids see something on there and
Being a retard and his parents don't watch him he goes and punches his sister or something
Oh my god. He learned it from the game
He didn't want it because I'm not paying attention to him or anything. He's because of the game you bought him the damn game
So then then she goes and sues, you know somebody
Over the game and then you know, the whole thing comes down to you know
Then Jack Jackie poop comes in goes see see it's what I'm talking about
But the whole thing comes down to the parents, you know, you can put it out there
You can put it in their face
You can you know sell them the game and go this is rated team for this reason and you let them know or whatever
oh as you're selling them the game and it won't matter it won't matter because
they're stupid and they're just hell-bent on doing something stupid and
killing themselves so lead a horse to water
all right now black wolf since he lives in Georgia his show is based out of
Atlanta area he says the difference here is that it is done with the assistance
of the Georgia Attorney General instead of just the ESRB people listen to the
Attorney General more I I actually doubt the truth behind that statement no if
Bobby but I don't think the Attorney General having a hand in it's gonna
change things that much but maybe it's just a California I don't know cuz you
know whatever I don't know actually don't you remember years ago the
California Attorney General was like really upset about Mortal Kombat and all
that stuff and got involved with that stuff weren't the rating systems
established in part because of him I want to say yeah huh no maybe I'm wrong
then who knows anyways moving on here there's a
a Spanish magazine, Nintendo Accion, that is reporting that the next issue will reveal
the official price, the launch date, and the game lineup for the Wii. It says the issue
is due to hit on September 15th. So people are saying, they're going to announce the
official date on September 15th. Wow! Okay, I've read this on numerous sites...
Hooray! Another Wii speculation story! Hold on, hold on. I've read this on numerous
sites and there's a whole big hole in their logic here for example do you
realize that I don't know they have to work on the magazine for a few months
and you know go through all that editorial process and then print the
magazine it doesn't just like magically poof right there so they're not gonna
announce the date on to the 15th I bet you anything they're announcing it next
Wednesday during let's big and that's where you're gonna find all your damn
information that's where they're gonna get this information that's gonna be
posted in the magazine so just wait a few more days and all the info will be
there I don't understand okay all these gaming blogs are running this
speculation thing you know like it's everywhere on the internet and I fucking
told you guys last week exactly what day the Wii would be out and not a damn
person picked up the story and said orange launch radio knows that the Wii
will be out soon I'm very upset with the gaming community right now I'm still got
my all my chips on the 18th of October really well that's that's I think it's a
risky bet at this point I bet on soon I think I think he's in the right
vicinity but what the hell am I doing I'm done with speculating we'll know
what we know we will know when Reggie comes out and says BAM here is is he
just go wow there's my junk this is the date
real credit by the way earlier when we were talking about the mud wrestling
Our chat room did seem to agree with us here.
Ari Masan said, Reggie is cool.
Zero Cool says, yeah, Reggie would kick ass and take names.
DMN says, he's a big guy.
Rama says, Reggie is half black.
He will fuck everyone up.
He will get ghetto in a heartbeat.
FireResurrected says, I love how Sky calls himself a Sony fanboy and Nintendo fanboy.
I'm just a games fanboy.
I'm also a Microsoft fanboy.
I didn't used to be.
A long time ago, I used to hate Microsoft's game thing.
But you know things change people change opinions change the Xbox was like my green kryptonite, you know
I just couldn't touch it. That's the way a lot of us values to buy an Xbox, but you know what?
I got tired of waiting and
It was a good purchase. They finally started coming out with really really good games towards the season 3
It might be a good purchase later on. I'm not gonna buy I think that's it, too
I think I you know what you have a very good point
I think the ps3 is gonna suffer the same fate of the Xbox in my mind
I think later on the ps3 is going to be like a must-have system, but to start
I'm just waiting for I'm waiting for some of their great first-party titles. I mean, I want a new Twisted Metal god damn it
It's gonna look fucking amazing on the PlayStation 3 that'll probably sell the system for me right there
But you know, there is no Twisted Metal at lunch. Yeah, people said the virtual
There's no we off to a slow start. Look what happened it granted
I didn't really buy any of the ratchet and clank games nor do I like the ratchet and clank games
but, you know, that would be a cool game to have on there. Maybe, um, I don't know.
I want Jumping Flash. Screw everything else if I could get a Jumping Flash game.
An actual, you know, an actual Gran Turismo sequel.
You would be fucking happy with a Fantavision sequel because your taste in games is fucked
and I think anyone that's listened to this show long enough knows that by now. Your taste
in games is absolutely fucked. Whatever, Fantavision was really fun. And
Jumping flash. Yeah best. That's the reason that in Megaman 8 were the reasons
I got a ps1 because jumping flash never mind Symphony of the Night Final Fantasy 7 slide
Never mind, you know any of that stuff. It was all about fucking jumping jumping fly little robot bunny guy was so cool
Well and somebody in the chat room said uh
that they want an online jumping flash, GS68 or whatever, I would play it with you because that's a great sounding game.
Can we get to the next story please?
No.
Alright, now one place that you might be able to get your hands on the Wii are these secret parties that are supposedly starting in September.
Now this is kind of interesting because Nintendo is going to be having these private parties.
What they're going to do is they're going to seek out people, I don't know, like on the internet, MySpace, or what they're doing.
And they're going to invite 30 friends to this private party, so it's like an underground campaign.
It's a random selection of Nintendo Ambassadors.
You basically sign in, there's like some websites...
Sign me up! Shit, I want to have an Orange Lounge Radio Wii party, wouldn't that be fun?
Well technically since we're...
I've said such nice things about Reggie on this program.
I think that entitles us to a Wii party.
You said you wouldn't have sex with him though, that's not very nice.
That's respectful, that's not being rude, that's being respectful.
I know.
Well, you know what, we played it at E3, we'll get to play it soon enough.
Hopefully.
I mean, it's just the whole thing is buzzed.
They really need to start some really serious advertising.
I gotta tell you this though, this is how underground it is.
They know that Los Angeles, Chicago, Denver are all going to have these parties.
Supposedly some of the news is leaking through and a Chicago person actually emailed Kotaku
and said that his friends are going to be bust rave style to a secret location to play games and have fun.
games and have fun so like they're gonna have to go to this you know random
parking lot in the ghetto side of town and get in the bus and then be shipped
to the Wii and it's like you know hey man want some X want a hit how about
that sleeping battle royale that's how the Wii's graphics are gonna be 3d drug
influenced oh I figured it out yes yes indeed exactly that's awesome I'm a
a genius. Well, speaking of L.A., American McGee, who has a wonderful game called Bad
Day L.A., coming out in a couple weeks here, he's basically on the record saying the only
real next-gen is the Wii. And his reasons for that, basically, that the only true next-gen
console out there is the Wii, everything else is just a video card and processor upgrade,
I guess because he's, you know, controls a lot different.
Says, um, he believes that, um, you know,
I don't know, they're really not invading, just kinda upgrading.
So, better graphics and really where the games are is just better gameplay.
You need to fuckin' release some more games, American McGee. That's all I gotta say about that.
I don't think the Wii is next-gen so much as it is
I'll do what I want, Jen. I mean, that's what Nintendo's doing.
essentially, we'll do what we want!
We're just gonna, you, Nintendo, Microsoft, I mean, Sony, Microsoft, you have
fun over there fighting.
We'll be off on this side doing our wee thing.
Seriously.
The whole thing was is, you know,
pretty much
he knows, well, I wouldn't really
say that he knows what, you know, gaming is, but you know,
I think he's trying to point out, it's just like what we say on the show all the time, you know,
system is only as good as the games. And I think just by looking at the Wii, I mean playing
some of these games using that control setup is going to be a lot of fun. And you don't
need to have superb graphics to do it. And to be honest, a lot of the games that come
out for the Nintendo system, especially a lot of the first party stuff, you don't need
to render cartoons and super duper graphics. I mean they're just animated characters. They're
realistic so yeah they can do it with that kind of technology and that kind of
power so I don't know just play the game goddamn wait stop trying to like guess
just we'll see who's you know gonna be at the top pretty soon I mean only a few
months before these systems come out so why do we gotta speculate it's really is
it that slow of a news week in a way sadly enough I mean we're all waiting
for these systems to come out what else
are we supposed to do in the meantime
nobody wants to play 99 nights but me so
I don't know yeah so we can just like
point laugh at all the hype wars all
right Jeremy Todd one interesting point
in chat who says next gen has to have
awesome graphics next gen is really just
a change of the gen before it and the we
certainly falls into that category sure
true agreed all right well this could be
another random direction the we is going
in. You know how the DS was kind of the brain training system? Well, the Wii may be the
body training system. There was a report published by Bloomberg that made mention of a new form
of game in development at Nintendo. It's a Wii-based diet software. This Bloomberg report
issued, I'm sorry, this Bloomberg report showed that there was the recent strong performance
of Nintendo's Japanese stock, and it made mention of the new software in passing. Nintendo
is developing diet-related and other forms of software for the Wii.
The report noted that such titles, specifically Brain Age for the DS,
have been able to target new users who aren't used to standard game controllers.
Details were not given beyond this. Well, that would kinda coincide with the
registering of the domain Wii Health, so... That would make sense.
That's what I was thinking, too, is all those, you know, Wii things we read about
previously, so...
So, not too surprised there. What is kinda funny
and surprising I guess is that the Wii is going to have
or speculated to have a voice-to-text chat
I guess you would call this an advanced voice-to-text
chat because it'll actually detect I guess
the kind of
emotion behind your voice like if you're yelling it'll be bold
caps and stuff like that, different colors
and will maybe censor out explicit speech or
converted to you know less explicit stuff
but it's interesting though I know they've had problems before with their
voice recognition so that'd be kind of funny talking to people
it reminds me of almost like that Vista demo that they showed with the voice recognition
it seems kinda risky to me maybe it's just me but that seems like a really
risky thing to implement I don't know how
how much I believe that to be honest. I don't even know why you would do voice to text chat anyways if you could just do voice chat
Mean what would be the point? I
Don't know. I
Maybe it's just supposed to be one of those things that makes the Wii so unique
And I like the idea of maybe that's how they will censor folks so that you don't
It's like, you know when you sign on Xbox Live my god. I was playing on Xbox Live just like two days ago
I was playing freaking marble blast right online
Okay
And these guys are in there are playing and I joined the game and like they're all yelling back and forth at each other
you queer stop being such a queer you're a fag fuck you fuck you I'm gonna fuck
up your marble but and I'm like dude you're playing marble blast not to knock
marble blast it's a great game but it doesn't exactly strike me as the macho
you know stereotypical macho man type of game my marbles are made of seal bitch
exactly you're bound to hear that sort of stuff also like uno so no I got
fucking Uno bitch. Suck it. I've never heard smack talking in Uno. Really? Yes, never.
We need to start. Play more Uno. I don't want to get bad ratings. I'm gonna totally talk crap in,
like, I don't know, totem ball or something. If that's multiplayer, I'm gonna fucking talk shit.
Too bad, like, Bejeweled 2 isn't multiplayer. That would be sweet.
FireResurrected in chat says, that's why you need to play with your listeners. I mean,
that's true. I want to play games with the listeners. We'll set up, like, a time or
something like a uh you know hey play games with us on xbox live type of night uh we'll do some
like that reni says marbles are serious shit sky i can't wait to get saints bro i just can't wait
to get that game i'm gonna talk so much crap black wolf says draw for biatch exactly see he he's got
the right i want to have you know what didn't all games do an uno tournament recently i don't know
i want to have like a shit talk in uno tournament that's graded not only on how well you play
But how will you talk shit like remember that uh, what was that movie with the South Park guys years ago basketball, right?
They have like they have the psych outs, right? Yeah, that's what we need is a psych out uno tournament
I have no idea how we could pull that off, but we need like a shit talking uno tournament
Here's what we need to do. Oh, yeah, I think you're gonna win this game. We'll suck on this reverse
Here's what we need to do your mom sucked on that reverse
we need to film it and we need to wait until they come out with the vision
cameras and that will be the shit right there because you'll have you know
yelling and it'll just be like you know it'll be awesome
all right maybe we'll have to plan something like that I'll talk to a Scott
offline I'm sure he'll love that idea I've got a story about Reggie tonight
is like Reggie Knight on Orange Lounge Radio. I mean seriously, this man, well this man
is kickin' ass. He's like the Chuck Norris of gaming. That's what it is. That's why I
love Reggie. Don't be talking about Chuck Norris. Well I don't really like Chuck Norris,
like you know I think World of Warcraft. Why are we talking about Chuck Norris? Okay look,
World of Warcraft ruined Chuck Norris for me, would you agree with that? Like I used
to love the Conan O'Brien thing, when he used to pull the lever and have to walk, come on,
Tell me that wasn't awesome.
It wasn't awesome.
Okay, well, you're...
See?
Your taste in everything is fucked.
I also have co-workers...
You eat Taco Bell like five times a weekend because you have a crush on someone that works
there.
Something is wrong with you.
So that's perfectly acceptable.
Anyway, I got sick of Chuck Norris after all my co-workers were obsessed with him and bought
books about him and then it happened and wow and I just wanted to die.
Anyway, Reggie
has said you know remember that way back when Peter Moore said
about the Sony tell me why you would buy a $600 PlayStation 3
people are gonna buy two machines they're gonna buy an Xbox and they're
gonna buy a Wii for the price of one PlayStation 3
and everybody's you know remember that was said back at E3 and everybody's eyebrows went up like
oh
Microsoft and Nintendo might be in bed together well
they are not in bed together because you know what Reggie came back and said
There was an article in USA Today about the Wii, and
he said, quote, I'd much rather have the consumer buy a Wii,
some accessories, and a ton of games, versus buying any of my competitors'
products.
See, you don't get in bed with Microsoft, you just might catch something.
It's like, yeah, like Windows.
Other interesting comments made in the interview, quote, we will offer online
enabled games that the consumers will not have to pay a subscription fee for.
they'll be able to enjoy that right out of the box. The Wii console is going to be
Wi-Fi enabled
so essentially you'll be able to plug it in and go. It won't have hidden fees or
costs.
P.S. suck it more. Actually that wasn't
said but that's kind of what he was implying. I mean
why didn't he just say, you know, suck it Microsoft, ours thing's gonna be free.
And you know what, that is a big point. I mean
I even though I I don't understand why you would need you know Wi-Fi adapter for the 360
I mean, I just run fucking ethernet cable and go to my router
But like if you really want to spend $99 for fucking Wi-Fi
Adapter I mean that's ridiculous, but at least the weeds gonna have it out of the box however
It doesn't have an ethernet cable
You know port on there
So you actually have to have a some sort of Wi-Fi connection whether it be some USB thing or Wi-Fi router
Okay, that kind of sucks now fire resurrected brings up this excellent point that kind of says you know try
He's trying to put Reggie in this place a little bit here
This is an interesting comment, but we have to endure the fucking friend codes
Ouch that that much of a gripe damn
Yeah, it does not code. It's a password. You guys don't remember entering in password, okay?
But but I do and I remember not liking it. We're beyond that now. I remember Justin Bailey dash dash dash, but no seriously
Honestly, put it side by side with Microsoft's system where you can add people on the web
and everything.
I mean, okay, you've got to give that one to Microsoft.
They've got the more ease of communicating with your friends in a way, huh?
I think so.
I mean, the Wii could change things, obviously.
Just trying to do the stupid friend code stuff for Animal Crossing when I had that game for
two weeks that was really obnoxious and I wished I could have just you know been
able to maybe even go to some hub town and like hang out with people like oh
you're really cool here I'm going to add you as my friend or something much
easier act deft in our chat room says friend codes good on theory but Nintendo
didn't do it the right way Jeremy Todd one seems to add to that but they have a
different password for each and every different game they only need one friend
code for the system and that would work fine.
Interesting comments.
Another place we always get interesting comments is our mailbag and even though DarkSakura
is not here tonight to read the mail for us, I've borrowed her hazmat suit and I'm going
to jump on into the mailbag and read some emails.
You want to read an email, Shane?
Yeah.
Alright, come over here.
Read an email.
Alright.
Why don't you read this email?
This one comes to us from StevenNZ and Shane's going to read us this email here.
Hi! I absolutely love your show. I have been listening for about one and a half years now,
but just recently registered on your site. I heard in episode 193 that you guys may not
be getting the Xbox 360 PGR3 bundle, so I would just like to tell you that over here
in New Zealand, there's a... an, not a, an Xbox 360 bundle with Project Gotham 3 and
Which is weird because us New Zealanders normally get things late or don't get anything at all. Thanks for the great show
Steven New Zealand. All right. Well
By the way, it has since come out. I mean the 193 was a little bit ago. So it has since come out
We are not getting that project Gotham Racing bundle here. We're not getting bundles of a sort
No
My only thing though is that is this an official
Microsoft sanctioned bundle or is this something like the local gaming store in New Zealand is doing like how GameStop does here?
I think it is official.
Oh that's cool.
Because in other countries they're getting official bundles to help sell the system a
bit more because you know they're having a little trouble.
So I mean you see some bundles here like I know like bundle I've seen at like Fry's our
local electronics chain over here.
They've got a bundle with Ridge Racer 6 which you know as we mentioned last week Ridge Racer
6 is only $19.99 so it's not a great deal.
So yeah.
But still though it is pretty decent I mean that they're doing that so I don't know.
Alright, well let's go to our next email. Do you want to read another one, Shane?
Yeah! Alright, here we go. Can I respond to?
If you want. This one comes to us from Boston OLR fam. This is really long.
Wait until you see the next one. Alright. Hi.
I'm a relatively new listener and I really love your show.
The format works well and the interaction between the three of you
and any guests you have on definitely make the experience... You didn't read the
part that said except for Miklotov.
Well because it doesn't exist. I'm just kidding.
Make the experience all that much more enjoyable.
My question concerns Kid Icarus.
When it came out for the original NES, I truly loved the game.
And thought it ranked right up there with Metroid as far as playability and...
I can't read it standing up like this because I'm at an angle.
An interesting concept.
An interesting concept.
Why then, has there never been a sequel to this potentially fun franchise?
Is there some sort of inside information
uh... blah blah blah
that have kept this from happening
or am I one of a small minority of people who like the original game
so there's just not enough interest to produce. Thanks for your time and keep
up the great work
Boston Ullrfan
Wait, I want to respond!
There was one on the GBA
I don't remember if it's a sequel but I'm pretty sure it wasn't the same game
Is it just because the Game Boy version didn't sell as well comparatively?
Did it kill off the franchise or what?
I honestly don't think a lot of people bought it because, I mean, Metroid got a sequel on
Game Boy and we ended up getting Super Metroid.
Yeah, Metroid II really did suck.
All the future Metroids have been pretty darn good and Super Metroid is probably one of
the best video games ever made, period.
That's an amazing game.
I guess Kid Icarus on Gameboy just really must have been horrible.
It must have suffered from Metroid II syndrome where that game was really terrible, too.
It just makes me cry inside because if Super Metroid was seriously the great,
great, great, great, great, great video game it was,
imagine what Super Kid Icarus could have been. I mean, it just makes me kind of sad.
I know. I love Kid Icarus, actually, and when I had a PSP for two weeks, I played it on that,
And that game is freaking hard, but it's awesome.
I suppose it's possible that maybe with the Wii, especially with Pit being one of the
new Smash Bros. characters, maybe now is the time for Kid Icarus to return finally.
Because Metroid kind of made a big return on the GameCube.
Maybe it'll make the same return and Kid Icarus will become a first person shooter.
See, that's the problem, I don't want them to, like if they make a new Kid Icarus, I
don't want it to be that different.
Like, I don't want them to fuck with it like they did Metroid.
I know a lot of you like the first person Metroid, but I don't care for it.
You don't want to use the Wii controller to draw back the bowstrings?
Okay, now that might be kind of cool, depending on...
I don't want it to be first person!
If I had to, like, run around and fight an eggplant wizard in first person, I think I
would cry, because that was the scariest part of that game for me when I was younger.
Because I did not want to be an eggplant with legs.
See the eggplant?
See, Kid Icarus had so many memorable characters like that.
You know the scary Medusa looking thing and the dragon that flew that would yell at you
if it saw you?
That was so scary.
Yeah, seriously.
I loved it though.
Oh, how can you not love computers?
And the things that looked like noses with eyes that had a lot of nose hair coming out,
I don't remember what they were called, but they were scary too.
Legend of Zaku thinks he knows another game that ought to be making a return on the Wii.
Punch Out.
Super Punch Out was pretty good.
It was a little bit overlooked.
I never played that one.
It was a little bit overlooked because I think it came out late in the Super Nintendo's run.
Mike Tyson basically ruined it for everybody.
Mike Tyson does it.
You don't need Mike Tyson.
How about George Foreman?
I realize he's long gone, but I mean, he makes the grills.
I think he's promoting the PlayStation 3.
All right, I got to read this email.
This is a great email.
It's kind of long, but since it's well-written,
I'm going to read the whole thing, OK?
So everybody get the water and snacks.
All right, shut up.
No, this is a good email.
Listen to this.
This is about Sony.
This is a really good, interesting point
on the whole Sony debate.
Hello, GS191 here, and just wanted
put in my two cents on one of the reoccurring topics on the show, Sony.
It's hard trying to like Sony these days.
With their failing formats, overpriced and underperforming Blu-ray format, the underwhelming
PlayStation 3, the whole rootkit fiasco, and let's not forget, they're the makers of the
exploding Dell and Apple laptop batteries, is there any redeeming quality left in Sony?
To me, I think not.
First off, why do they insist on trying to push dead formats such as the Betamax, Minidisc,
UMD, etc.
The list goes on and on.
And now comes Blu-ray.
Sure, Blu-ray has the support of over 180 companies, but the thing that gets me is where
is the consumer in all of this?
I don't see the demand for Blu-ray or HD-DVD now since we basically don't have the majority
of the population owning HD-TVs, let alone 1080p HD-TVs.
This all leads up to the PlayStation 3 and Sony Computer Entertainment in general.
I think that $600 of my hard-earned money is not worth it, even if it was bundled with
a Blu-ray disc showing 6 million ways how Aerith can die for all I care.
They have in no way ever explained to me why is this plastic box full of fans, transistors,
chips, silicon is worth that price tag.
They try to push how this is the next generation of gaming and it's proven in the games.
Yeah, I see some screen and game footage from the launch titles for PlayStation 3 and I
was very underwhelmed.
A lot of them look like Xbox 360 and PC games.
I cannot tell the difference.
That right there says why spend $600 and I can shell out $400 or even $250 for a much
better gaming experience than have enough money for the games.
Also eight of the games are already going to be on other consoles.
That also really doesn't give me much incentive.
I think they are really going for the action-oriented audience with this launch, but with many people
not seeing that Grade A title like Halo or Metal Gear at launch, why should I even bother?
My real problem is the whole PC notation.
It's not a computer, people.
If it's a computer, does this mean that I can upgrade the PS3 to a faster processor
or add more RAM?
Probably not.
Even if it did, why would anybody want to upgrade?
It's like the 32X for the Genesis.
The games were there, but nobody wanted to upgrade.
The same would apply here.
Besides, you're going to need a lot of fine tuning to text from a PC perfectly scaled
on a regular SD TV.
This is what I think should have been done and can be done for SCE to turn things around.
One, kill off the flash card reader and leave the memory stick in.
Isn't that what you do with your Sony Vial laptops?
If I want to look at my photos, I will put them on the computer.
It's just added costs that could, not could, definitely have dropped the price down from
$600.
Hell, replace it with, I don't know, regular legacy PS2 controller ports for people who
use PS2 controllers for DDR, Beatmania, Guitar Hero, etc.
2.
Instead of getting rid of the HDMI port from the $500 version, why not disable the ability
of commercially made Blu-ray movies from playing?
Sony can always release a downloadable upgrade that will enable the playback function.
This is a lot better than watching downscaled Blu-ray movies because the movie has copy
protection in it and you don't even have the port for full resolution playback.
If this happened, I think the $500 would be useful and great for my needs instead of being
the joke that it is.
3.
Sony, it's time for Kaz, Ken, and David to make a nice long nap until November.
These three people make the PlayStation 3 more overblown than it already is.
At least get them some decent PR people to limit what they say.
4.
Convince people why they should buy the PlayStation 3.
This is the most important and the hardest thing their marketing department has to do.
I would love to see Sony do an all-out blitz of great ads on why you should be even considering
a PlayStation 3 for the holiday season.
All they need to do is showcase the games, do some comparisons, and especially convince
people how the hell $600 is justifiable on a gaming device.
If they can do the last part, that would be great for them.
I'm doubtful if they can do that, though.
Well, that's what I think anyway.
Keep up the great work, screw the haters, practice what you preach, and don't be a dick.
Sincerely, GS191.
Now you may speak."
Okay, so he wanted to do actual upgrades later on, that was one of the things Kaz said that
they're looking forward to doing PC-type upgrades with more RAM, more stuff.
Then it comes down to the problem, well now you don't have a standardized system to work
for, so how do you develop games?
That's not good for the consumer or for the publishers of these games or anybody even
thinking about the system because what the fuck do you develop for?
Now you just have to kind of figure out, okay, well what do people have?
always gonna develop for the lowest end well this is stupid the whole um you
know taking out the memory card slots and stuff like that they actually the
stripped-down version doesn't have them and to be honest if they even did have
them they're only like 12 bucks to install anyways so big deal and then
finally yeah they do need to actually actually tell me why I need to buy this
system because to be honest I was excited about the PlayStation 3 when I
went in the E3 I was like holy shit this is gonna be awesome there was games I saw you know trailers
for I'm like I gotta play these things I played them as like so what this is stupid the games
were big letdown and I know they're not finished but you know what I'm not talking about graphics
either I'm just really saying gameplay for these games sucked and the graphics were just like well
I can see this on the 360 big deal so yeah they are gonna have a problem because basically Xbox
is lining up their system and the games coming out right now especially all
their first party stuff to trump everything that they're going to release
on the ps3 I mean you've got Gran Turismo HD or whatever they're calling
it now well Forza 2 kicks the crap out of that then they've got you know an
actual I guess you would kind of say almost like a halo game coming out Gears
of War which is gonna be just fucking ginormous and that's coming out you know
week before the PlayStation 3 launch and to be honest blu-ray kind of sucks you
don't really need the HDMI right now because you can still be able to pump
out the same stuff component wise until at least I think like 2009 but once they
go all digital then yes you will need the HDMI and you're gonna be fucked
because all your blu-ray discs are only gonna be able to output at 540 so half
the resolution yay that's really worth $600 and I agree the one good thing
thing though about HD DVD right now though is they're releasing all the discs with
their hybrid discs one side DVD one side HD DVD so say for example that you
are planning on buying HD DVD player down the line you can buy these hybrid
discs and you can still watch them now then later on when you get your new
system you don't have to go repurchase the actual movie you can just flip the
disc over and watch it in a higher resolution so I don't know whatever the
case they haven't done their advertising campaign yet and they're gonna need one
hell of an advertising campaign to get the system sold.
Alright, I'm looking in chat and lots of feedback of course to this email in chat
and what's kind of funny is that the author of the email is in chat right now, so
kind of responding to comments there or just at least kind of looking at what people are saying.
Gosh, there's a lot of stuff here. Let's see, I like the one that
Funnydale said. Also, let's remember the PlayStation 2 launched with
Fantavision and look at how well the PS2 did. That's because Fantavision is a
brilliant game. Well, you know what? I don't know about that.
To give, you know, Fan of Vision, I did play Fan of Vision when it came out.
It was one of the first games I rented because I didn't really have any games for it.
And you know what? It was a game that had a different style of gameplay that was fun to play.
It was simple, but it was fun. It comes down to, like, the Geometry Wars kind of, you know, scenario there.
It's still a fun game. It made me simple, but it was fun to play.
Granted that I got bored with it after a while, but it doesn't matter. It's different.
I never got bored with it because of those cutscenes with the live actors. Those were great.
BlackWolf says the PlayStation 3 would sell out my area even if there were no
games for it. They don't care. They want the Sony system
and that's final. That's what, you know what, and that's what Kaz said. He's all
people would buy this system even if we sold it with no games.
Well good, I hope that you're happy with your purchase. I mean, no one's saying,
no one, I'm not going to talk anyone out buying a PlayStation 3.
Go ahead and buy one if you want to, but you know what,
I hope some good games come out for you because so far I'm not impressed, so
maybe down the line. It might be great. You know, one of those Final Fantasy 13s and one, you know,
Metal Gear Solid 4 and all that stuff.
But the way I look at it, that's about a year off, so...
I didn't even jump on board. I may look at the system in a year. I didn't jump on board with
PlayStation 1 until Final Fantasy 7. Exactly, I didn't either.
So, I don't know. Anyway, well, this is always a controversial topic. We'd love to hear your
thoughts.
Mailbag at Orangelauntrader.com is the place to send those emails.
Just on one final note, you know, Sony is saying that something big
is coming and if in you know with the announcement something they're gonna
blow the roof off or something
can Sony dig themselves out of this hole with a big enough announcement
possibly but I think we have stories later on that'll just
kind of I don't know make the hole deeper
all right. Anyways, Game Fest 2006
took place recently and some news came out of that
including some other plans for the live marketplace and of course the
The marketplace has been doing great so far. Everybody has been downloading tons of stuff.
They're saying that 38% of all marketplace downloads are game demos, trailers, and account for 25% of downloads.
While Xbox Live Arcade titles make up for 17% of the total.
And basically, of course, they know that demos are doing really well and the sales of games are especially high when they have demos for them.
So you're going to see a lot more demos coming soon, but one thing you're also going to see pretty soon is a new kind of Marketplace item called Consumables.
And Consumables you may kind of think about as, say for example, I'm playing Final Fantasy XI and on the Marketplace there's Gil for sale.
I can go buy Gil in like, you know, 100 pieces or whatever at a certain price and I can keep buying the same item over and over for the game.
game. So you're basically able to buy almost like items for a game. And of course, beyond
these consumable items, because they're trying to make tons of money off of this stuff, they're
actually going to have more community stuff, including more community videos and hopefully
user-made content and stuff like that. Especially also with, what was it, the XNA thing that's
going to be happening where you can actually program for a live...
I think we have more information on that in the next half yeah so should be interesting
huh I I I don't know how I feel about that
I don't know um I don't know how I feel about the whole like buying
in-game currency and all that stuff I don't know
well here's here's something I mean when you think about it if you actually look like
say for example oblivion and you look at all those
add-ons that they have for it and because I mean when you're buying the
add-ons at like a buck 25 a pop
it's not that bad, I mean it doesn't seem like much but when you look back
at all that you've spent on this game, like say you actually
bought all of them and spent like a hundred bucks or something. Or it's like the DER add-on
packs too like five bucks for five songs but damn they make a killing on those
and you know even the Xbox Live Arcade
five, ten dollars a game doesn't seem like much but if you're buying one every
week like I've been lately, I have 22 arcade games right now on my Xbox
and I'm thought about it, I'm like, shit that's like a hundred and fifty bucks!
Microsoft's been working me, but granted you know I have 22 games that are all
you know, decent. I also look at Oblivion, they got taunted
the hell out of them for that whole horse armor thing and that's kinda it seems to
me like that's the kinda thing you're talking about like you can get this you
know
little item that you can use in your game well it didn't seem to me like the
horse armor had a very big reception to it
yeah no one picked up the horse armor but everything else people picked up
Oh, and see, Chyram agrees with me in there. Fire Resurrected said, accept horse armor.
Yeah, horse armor is lame. It was an experiment though,
I guess. That's not really the item I would...
Horse armor? Who the fuck cares about pimping out their horse?
That's stupid. Alright, well I'll be getting a 23rd
Xbox Live Arcade game next week and I'm sure a lot of you will too,
but you better get it next week because it's going to be free for a certain
period of time here.
you'll be able to log on to Xbox Live within the first 48 hours of release and
that would be
August 23rd at 8 a.m.
like the standard time was GMT so that translates to 1 a.m. Pacific time okay
so Wednesday August 23rd at 1 a.m. Pacific time
for 48 hours only you will be able to download
Texas Hold'em for free. After that
800 Microsoft points or 10 bucks so prepare for those servers to be hammered
like hell
on Wednesday and Thursday to get that free game. At least those live arcade games are tiny
I mean it's not like I'm trying to download Saints Road Demo or something like that. I don't think it'll be so
bad especially now that you do the background downloadings
especially I think it'll be pretty nice. It should even be, I mean you got 48 hours I mean
sure it'll be hammered but
Texas Holeman downloads are going to finish pretty quick so. Oh well
that's pretty awesome though. Yeah I'm kinda curious to see how this game turns out
I'm sure we will have a review next week and
hey if it's free I expect our listeners to all be grabbing this on Wednesday or
Thursday
and we could have like a really big poker tournament there's no excuse that you can't
grab this game so
go get it. And you know what? It is supporting the camera I
think so yeah great great strip poker for reals not with the listeners please
k thanks
all the more reason I will send a frowny face feedback for you if I see any
skin. Anyways, this week we've got a lot more things coming out other than just
that Xbox Live Arcade game.
Lots of stuff in the U.S. Well, maybe not a whole lot in the U.S., but
starting off on the Game Boy Advance, you can get a wonderful Yu-Gi-Oh! Double Pack
number two. Whoopee.
Madden NFL, of course, coming out on every single system
and, yeah, you can have a Mary Madden all day.
On PlayStation 2 and the GameCube, you can get Pac-Man World Rally, which also features
the king, or not the king, but the prince from Katamari, so check that out.
On PC, some wonderful stuff, also Pac-Man World Rally in Madden, and hopefully Bad Day
L.A., but I hear that it might actually be delayed a week, so that's pretty cool.
And then one that I thought was kind of funny, and I didn't even realize there was a first
this but prison tycoon to maximum security that sounds like an awesome
game that's pretty funny on a PlayStation 2 and the PSP you can
actually get world championship poker all in and then of course on the 360
just madden so it's a very madden week next week is a the week after that
Saints Row, Enchanted Arms, and Bomberman.
Are you gonna pick up that new Bomberman? I wasn't too giddy about it when I saw it.
I'll wait and see, because Konami usually sends me free stuff.
Jamie's not here tonight, so allow me to help out those of you folks over in the UK with what is coming out on your neck of the woods.
You guys, of course, also can download Texas Hold'em on the 23rd, so look out for that.
On the 25th you're going to get Dig Dug Digging Strike, El Matador, Madden 2007, 99 Nights,
which isn't as bad as they all say it is if you like the slashing games, Reservoir Dogs,
World War I Aces of the Sky, World War II Battle Over Europe, and I like this one.
It's a game called Let's Make a Soccer Team, coming from Sega of Europe.
That should be exciting.
Shouldn't it be Let's Make a Football Team?
Looking forward, that's what it's called, looking forward a little further to the week
of September 1st, you're going to have games such as Dance Factory, Def Jam Fight for New
York, The Takeover for PSP, Dungeon Siege 2, you guys are finally getting, and Saints
Row is also coming out for you guys, it's about the same time we're getting it, Star
Fox Command on the DS, Test Drive Unlimited on the Xbox 360, and for those of you folks
in the UK, a game that's near and dear to our hearts, Guitaro Man, finally makes its
way to the PSP and Guitaro Man lives, September 1st, enjoy.
cool. One thing coming out probably this fall from mad cats is an xbox live arcade stick
and it looks like an old kind of Atari controller and people are I guess jumping on this scene
that's going to be pretty cool. It's supposed to also come with 100 gamer or not gamer points
100 microsoft points. One month free to xbox live gold and 3 xbox live arcade games. It's
Xbox Live arcade games. It's supposed to retail for $49.99.
They said it's supposed to be releasing in October.
And one thing though I gotta mention though, but just looking at this,
this looks horrible. I wouldn't want to buy this thing to be honest.
I mean, granted, it's, I guess,
having a giant, you know, stick instead of a, you know, a left analog stick
might be good for some arcade games.
I mean, not all the arcade games out there are going to be retro, so do you really need
to buy another controller?
Yeah, but how horrible is Street Fighter II to play on that controller sometimes?
You're not going to be able to play Street Fighter on this controller either, if you've
taken a look at it.
It's looking like an old Atari controller.
And it basically has, instead of a left analog stick, it's got a giant, just kind of like
Atari joystick.
And then right next to that, the four buttons, and below that, the right analog stick, and
to the left of that, the directional pad.
So it's like a big clusterfuck of stuff with a stick on there.
SSJ100Matt says, it looks like a crappy photoshop, and DJ Geni must have something against Mad
Cats because he calls them mad craps.
Mad Cats is really terrible at making anything, so...
Didn't they make Pump It Up?
No.
I thought you were making Pump It Up in the US.
Did they distribute in the US?
They distributed the dance pad, and I think they had a little part in it, but you know
what?
That's okay, because Pump, the greatness of Pump can outweigh the craftiness of Mad
Cats.
Oh, sorry, it was Mastiff actually, my bad, my bad.
Like, had brought the game over here, but Mad Cats had to do with the past.
I knew Mad Cats did something with it.
I'm not crazy.
Well, it's not a Photoshop, it is actually a sales sheet, and it was spotted on EB Games'
website, and I'm sure we'll know more about this in a few weeks or so.
Alright, well something I'm sure you can lay down a pre-order for now, along with this
joystick if you want it, is Prey 2.
Apparently in a recent interview with 3D Realms' Scott Miller, their team is already working
on a Prey 2.
There's really not a lot else to say about it, but there is a quote I have for you guys,
a quote from Scott Miller, quote, Prey 2, of course, we are addressing concerns about
combat as well as adding in more gameplay innovations.
Very early, not a lot of hell else to say.
I hope they speed up multiplayer.
I did try multiplayer for the first time this week and I was really disappointed.
Even after that, that, well, go ahead.
Sorry, Loki.
Well anyways, speaking of your bad multiplayer, they are going to be putting out a patch and
I, as far as I remember, I think it is already available for download.
A patch came out.
I can tell you, when I put in Prey the other day, it did patch, but I'm hearing it didn't
fix a damn thing with multiplayer and it was supposed to.
Right?
Probably, yeah.
It was supposed to be fixing, well the one for the PC is supposed to be fixing multiplayer
weapons exploit, crashed I guess on some of the machines when they were reading save games
and crashed at the startup of some machines.
And I know that they were talking about later on adding content as far as new characters
including some of the females that were actually in the game.
Like gen and stuff?
Yeah, where you get to play as them.
I don't know if that's any cool.
But yeah, the Pre-Version 1.1 patch, it's basically just, you know,
updating multiplayer browsers to fix servers and just like a lot of server stuff.
But the new content, though, they are going to be charging for it.
They said they're adding 6 new playable characters, including Jen, Mother, and Becky, I guess
a blonde victim, and 200 characters.
They're putting a victim as a playable character?
There's just, okay, Becky, unless I'm just not far enough in the story yet, Becky is
just somebody that gets, like, killed in the very beginning, and you never learn her name.
You just watch her get-
A blonde victim that you occasionally see on slabs in a single-player play.
Are they going to have the guy too that always goes, oh god, oh god!
There's always this random guy like when you see the little victim.
It's about alien abduction and the aliens are killing him.
Hunter and Elite Hunter are two Hunter characters that they're adding.
Interesting.
So, that's interesting.
I don't know.
Now our chat room is making all the mandatory Prey 2 jokes and you can guess where this
is going.
Ravens Dolphin says, gee I have to wait 11 years for the next Prey.
Funny Dale says, I'll be waiting for Prey 2 when it's released in 2015.
making jokes about how long Prey was in development.
DJ Genai says, no Prey 2, they need to finish Duke Nukem Forever.
Exactly.
Stop getting distracted.
Stop it.
Make Duke Nukem Forever.
They're getting way too distracted with that game.
One more story for you guys, then we're going to go to a break here.
Dragon Quest IX, it looks like it's happening of course.
This really shouldn't be much of a surprise.
Dragon Quest VIII kind of revived the series in a way here in the US, I mean sure we had
VII, but it kind of didn't make the waves that VIII did, VIII was truly like a return
to...
Poor blimey.
Well didn't you, did you play Dragon Quest VIII?
Yeah.
Drew?
It was awesome.
Wasn't it like a Super Nintendo with next-gen graphics?
It was awesome.
Yeah, it reminded me of Dragon Quest VI, so it was old school.
It's exactly what some of the hardcore gamers wanted, so on August 11th, the Tokyo Symphony
Orchestra held a concert called the World of Dragon Quest.
Now what basically happened in an interview before the concert on the 11th, the music
composer Koichi Sugiyama mentioned how delighted he is that people have loved his music since
the Famicom era and how flattered he is with the orchestra's members' appreciation of
the games.
He also happened to say, series producer Yuji Horii is really busy at the moment on Dragon
Quest IX and I'm really looking forward to what kind of game he's making at this
time as a gamer.
It should be pointed out that Sugiyama is 75 years old, so he may have forgot about
any NDA's he was under.
But at the same time, come on, obviously they're making a Dragon Quest IX at some point.
Well, we're going to have a spin-off of Dragon Quest VIII, Dragon Quest Yangas.
I have exclusive news from Orange Onage Radio, Final Fantasy XIV coming out eventually.
Wow, that's great, that's great, thank you for confirming that for us here.
New and exciting.
Wow, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we're really on top of the latest news.
All right, anyway, more news to come in our second half.
For those of you on the podcast stream, you just gotta wait a couple days and then we'll
give part B to you.
But for those of you guys listening live, whether it be on Orange Lounge Radio or All
Games, we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
