We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 195 for this August 13th of 2006, and
If this is your very first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, I'm sorry, because
it's a slow news week and we're getting a little crazy tonight, but that's part of what
makes us us.
Anybody can open up a game blog and read the latest news, what's going on, but we're here
to talk about games and gaming culture and our thoughts and just celebrate all types
of gamers and just people who want to have fun, and that's what we're doing here on Orange
Lounge Radio tonight is having a whole lot of fun.
We'd love for you guys to join us sometime live Sunday nights at orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's get back into the gaming news, though, so we have something to rant about.
Alright, speaking of stuff to rant about, I hate to do this every week.
You know, we play this game at work, it's what stupid thing is Sony gonna do this week?
And you know what?
They never disappoint.
But okay, so there was news reports, this isn't exactly PlayStation 3 related, but there's
reports that the first Blu-ray drives that are gonna be available in the Sony Vios, yeah,
they won't play Blu-ray movies.
That's like a DVD player that does not play DVD movies.
So what the hell is it going to do?
Oh, but you can burn your own content and stuff.
So it's like a Blu-ray data drive or something?
Yeah, pretty much.
Weird.
And because they said that the whole reason why that it can't is because there was actually
some lagging software development and copy protection issues.
So that's not good because, you know what, I mean, these Playstation 3s, they use PC
drives more or less and yeah, I hope they get this crap together when the PS3 comes
out or else, who knows, we may see some firmware updates.
Now playing, you know, Blu-ray movies, because I don't know why else you would need a Blu-ray
player.
Wow.
Well, we'll see what happens with that.
Well, there is actually some interesting news in regards to the Halo movie.
There is information on Ain't It Cool News.
The director was basically saying that, first of all, he prefers Halo 1.
I thought that was pretty funny.
But that is talking about some of the material that's going to be in the movie, talking about
how Master Chief is going to be a mix of the man in the suit and CG.
To quote, the film has to have a feeling of reality so that it means I want to keep him
as real as much as I can.
They're talking about how it's hard to have someone who moves like an animation as opposed
to someone who moves like a human.
They're also working on having the covenant be along the same lines, making them as real
as they can possibly make the movements.
Another quote from him, from an organic standpoint, they have to be believable.
They also need to be terrifying and alien.
And the best way to start doing that is to break the human silhouette, although many
of them are bipedal automatically, you can shift the overall body to something very alien.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
So what do you think?
Do you think the Halo movie, hearing the director's perspective and all this, do you think the
the Halo movie is going to be winner or loser?
Winner because he's actually a huge Halo fan and a huge gamer.
He's basically saying that he's doing his very best.
He has been picking the things that
are the most holy of holy things in Halo
and keeping them as faithful as possible.
Oh, Chris, one of our in-house lesbians tonight
seems to disagree.
What's going on?
Well, I don't really have an idea about the Halo movie.
it's just that I've heard other people who have done the same thing it's like
oh I was this huge fan of this and I'm gonna make sure everything's fine and it
just doesn't work yeah I think the guy who directed Street Fighter was a huge
fan of Street Fighter if he was I feel very bad yeah or at least a huge fan of
Jean-Claude Van Damme or Kylie Minogue yeah I don't know who eater seems a
little upset in our chat room over orange laundry calm click on chat that
I know we bowl for this movie
any broken diet burning hell well I don't
don't hold back please and zappy says all hail label Mac Matt maker of crappy
game movies
I see now I he may make crappy game movies but you know what
I really think he's gonna nail postal you can't get that game
postal is a crappy game doesn't matter that's all that is going to do justice
he needs to realize that his movies are never going to be you know taken
seriously, just make it campy. Maybe he should do the Dead Rising movie, if there's ever
one. No. No, he shouldn't. No, Romero should. We'll see. Here we go, Dawn of the Dead Part
2. Alright. Well, one place we could have heard more about the Halo movie would possibly
be E3 next year, due to its game relation, but of course, as we all know, E3 is going
to be changing a little bit. Where does that leave the folks in Kensha Hall? We speculated
about this a little bit during Part A. Well, the Consumer Electronics Association or CEA
might be checking into the fact that maybe they want to do a massive trade show specifically
about games.
Now, they already do the Consumer Electronics Show and this was the nation's largest gaming
show until about 1994 when E3 started.
Only 11% of the attendees at Consumer Electronics Show 2006 had interest in games and gaming
products.
Since ESA decided to eliminate the E3 event in its known format, we have been deluged
with inquiries on whether we could fill the trade show needs of smaller video entertainment
companies, this coming from Gary Shapiro, President and CEO of the CEA.
Our executive board met yesterday and unanimously asked staff to explore ways that we could
help the gaming community.
The Consumer Electronics Association believes that trade shows are the most viable means
for reaching a market as they serve smaller companies and entrepreneurs who need access
to media buyers and investors.
Our board, association and events are committed to growing the industry.
In fact, nearly 80% of our members are companies with annual sales under $10 million.
So maybe here's where the smaller game companies can seek refuge is CES, whether it be in the
form of next year's big show or a smaller separate show has been heard about.
To be honest, in the past it was that way anyway, so why not?
Why did they leave in the first place then?
E3.
I guess that makes sense, but you know, it's still a little sad.
And CES is a lot better too because they have two shows, but still it comes down to the
whole thing where they have to make these demos for these shows and it interrupts the
development cycle and that kind of thing, so it might be the same whole problem all
over again.
Some of our chat room folks seem to think this is a good idea though.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says Woot for CES.
Ravens Dolphin says, yes, CES is Geek Central.
Fireboma thinks a different expo should step up, though.
They'll go to the open arms of Penny Arcade Expo, which a lot of folks have been saying.
Are the lesbians digging Penny Arcade Expo?
Maisie says, hell yeah.
What's up with that?
I'm just a huge Penny Arcade fan.
I'm a huge Penny Arcade fan.
It's good stuff.
It's good stuff.
Those guys know their stuff.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm a huge Penny Arcade fan as well.
I met a dude in the line at E3 two years ago buying hamburgers.
We randomly met them at E3 a couple of years ago.
I was in line with, we were in line buying lunch and just talking about stuff.
I think they write very good editorial pieces on the gaming industry.
I would love to go to Penny Arcade Expo someday, it's just a lack of fundage.
But have you been, Megsy?
No I haven't, I would kill to go.
I heard they're giving away a new car this year, the big gaming cluster tournament they
have there of all these old school games, that's pretty awesome.
Maybe make an appearance at a later Penny Arcade Expo?
Pardon?
Maybe make an appearance at a later Penny Arcade Expo?
I'd love to.
Maybe we could have an Orange Lawns Radio booth and staff it with lesbians.
That'd be awesome.
The new breed of booth babe!
These booth babes don't want anything to do with you.
Unless you're hot.
And how's that different than any other year?
That's very true.
Very, very true.
So yeah, that's kind of funny.
Well anyways, another cool thing that's going to be happening pretty soon, and you've probably
seen it with a lot of the games out there right now, like Xbox 360 games are pretty
much the same with any other next-gen games, they're pretty expensive right now.
$59.99 retail seems to be the going price for most games out there, however that's not
going to be the case going forward because there are going to be a lot of games coming
out at $39.99 and $49.99.
And some of those games we're going to mention for you, including such wonderful classics
as Bomberman Act Zero, which is going to be coming out on the 28th of August, Lego Star
Wars the original trilogy, it's coming out early September, Samurai Warriors 2, Just
Cause which is going to be pretty awesome, Blitz the League, Fusion Frenzy 2, Viva Pinata,
Kars and Rayman's Raving Rabbids.
And those are all going to be coming out $49.99, if that's still too much for ya, $39.99, we're
We're going to be having Test Drive Unlimited coming out, Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume
1, if you happen to not be on live, which is weird, but whatever.
That's going to be coming out early September as well as Cabalas Alaskan Adventure.
I'm just going to give you a hint, the game's probably going to be crap.
That's probably why it's cheap.
World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions is going to be coming out, Pimp My Ride in
November, Cabalas African Safari.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
Also to remind you, as we mentioned last week, the first party games from Microsoft, the
Launch 1s, Cameo, Project Gotham Racing 3, and Perfect Dark Zero, all $29.99 right now,
and as we mentioned in Part A, Ridge Racer 6, a whopping $19.99.
Wow.
I should invent a game.
Now wait, hold on, what's this?
Unpimp My Ride.
And have a sponsor by Volkswagen where you get more points for you know
like you get like 50,000 points for spinners and and
If they have like if they have a vinyl applied to their paint, you know
When you destroy that car you get extra extra points and if it's actually painted on then you get a lot of points
So yeah, all right
I want to say real quick though
I heard magazine give a little cheer over viva pinata and I haven't heard a lot of people like
like, really excited about this game. So what has you excited about Viva Pinata?
Well, I just like those really obscure, quirky games, like Katamari, stuff like that, Cube
of War for the GameCube. You're on the right show.
You are. And when I actually heard about it from my
manager at work, but when I heard about it, I just thought, okay, just another quirky,
obscure game that I'm probably just going to adore. So, yeah.
Even though, but Microsoft kind of sounds like they want to make it mainstream with
the cartoon and everything like it sounds like they just they want an
Animal Crossing competitor yeah good thing bad thing well I love Animal
Crossing so I guess good thing all right sounds good fire resurrected in chat
says I got my viva pinata pre-ordered and another game of course Rapala trophies
coming out on the 360 also gonna be 35.99 but really how many fishing fans
are out there on the 360 anyway hey you never know might be if it's easy
achievement points you'll buy it no I won't I will get it for free well
speaking of online related things and magazine should be interested in this
dead rising already has download content it's actually going to be released in
about a month in Europe they've already put out though some quick downloadable
content. They're basically keys that are unlocking costumes that are hidden in the games. They're
called Miami Nights, Casual, Weekender, Round Shades, Burgundy, Grandpa, Pink Paparazzi,
and Man in Black. So what do you get, Johnny Cash? That's cool.
No, he's just got a black jacket, black pants.
Wait, so you've seen these costumes, Logie.
Yeah, they're downloadable right now in live. They came out the same day as Dead Rising.
basically in the very beginning of the game when you first get into the
security room
there's a bunch of lockers in there and you can walk up and change clothes.
Like Resident Evil 2. They did that in Resident Evil 2. You get the keys and you get Jill's cowgirl outfit.
When I was playing Dead Rising the other day, some of the folks that were watching me
play were making Resident Evil comparisons
to Dead Rising, which I guess is an easy thing to do. You know, both being zombie
Capcom games.
Zombies. So, then again, Ghost of the Ghost was the zombie Capcom game too. I'm gonna laugh my ass off there
if I find the line
itchy-tasty in this game apparently one of the malls is named jill's sandwich
yeah
which you know that's a great reference to uh... the old-school
resident evil step where i
critical is there a smoothie shop
in the mall uh...
there is i think
uh... all right
all i see what you're doing i got a little less
go listen to part a if you haven't yet and you'll get that maybe
remember
smoothie
pass it on
well if you're excited about dead rising as i was uh... you'll be happy to know
that dead rising 2 is already in the works in fact
uh... one of the things you'll notice is when you get your copy of dead rising
there's actually a link to a capcom survey where they're asking you
questions about dead rising and what you might want in dead rising 2
so that's always good and we knew that this is going to be a popular game
anyways so uh...
wonder what dead rising 2 is going to be
seriously though my friends list on xbox live has been nothing but dead but dead
rising like just tons of that street fighter
just tons of people playing dead rising i won't be surprised
uh... all if it uh... it ends up maybe pop possibly taking the crown from halo
to its most played live game
if not that okay missile ambitious lease being the number two game where oblivion
was a little while ago
that i'm looking at my list right now right this minute
somebody is playing dead rising
and this person on my friends list already got the infinite mode it looks
like. So that's pretty cool. Lucky. You know what's great though? If you happen to read
something awful.com, they have a little page on there talking about Dead Rising and how
to spend the 72 hours in the game. It's hilarious because they basically never left the security
room for the 72 hours. It's funny. They kept taking pictures of the one chick's boobs in
there. Wow. Alright. Well, now another Dead Rising story and maybe this made you a little
upset, especially if you donít have an HDTV, but itís that text in the game is so freaking
small.
Well, some folks decided to start a thread on a Capcom bulletin board, bitching about
the small text in the game, and Wicked Kitty, one of the administrators of the forum, meaning
obviously thereís got to be some ties to Capcom itself, responded, ìDear everyone,
I have heard your concerns and passed them to every source within Capcom possible.
I feel your pain as I myself have a large SDTV,î standard I suppose, ìand am having
trouble reading the mission objectives, item names, etc.
I'd like you all to know we have heard your concerns and take them seriously.
I've been seeing campaigns on other forums to send hundreds of emails to our support
email.
Unfortunately, this doesn't expedite or increase the importance of the concern in any way,
but it does take time and resources from other fans equally deserving concerns.
All concerns are always important to us and we do what we can.
We would like you to know we appreciate your feedback, blah, blah, blah."
So basically they're saying, please stop emailing us.
know there's a boo-boo in the game and what yeah my bad shut up what do you
think they're gonna do you think they'll patch it or you think they're gonna go
patch it you really think I don't that seems like an awfully big thing to patch
just yeah font size now make see I have yet to play dead rising but it seems
like like like you said a big thing to patch and kind of a minor problem I mean
like I said I haven't played it but all right well that's my two cents it
It depends how big your TV is. If you're playing on a little bitty TV, you're going to have a problem there.
But then again, Xbox 360 wasn't really made for a little bitty TV. But I understand.
Even on big TVs, it's still hard to read.
Yeah, it's hard to read even on my TV. It's pretty bad.
GS191 has an interesting thought here in our chatroom related to Dead Rising.
I would love to see a Dead Rising MMO.
I think a lot of folks would have just liked to see Dead Rising be multiplayer.
But, you know, my thought is, if they'd done Dead Rising multiplayer, what's going to be the big catch for Dead Rising 2?
I think the perfect MMO would be you have your everyday life and then you release your
serum and if your character gets infected you lose your character you have to make a
new one however your character never dies your character is undead then and can pass
on or you can actually control the zombie and pass on your virus to other people they've
I've already done this.
Oh, was that infected?
No, there was actually a Resident Evil game
that was online.
That's right.
And then they did this.
Oh, OK.
I still think it's cool, because I want to infect people.
All right, have you ever played that game, Infected, on PSP?
No.
All right, let's get into the mailbag
and find some other great thoughts.
We're going to put the hazmat suit.
Over email.
Yes, Jamie's going to suit up in the hazmat at best
suit right now and get her hands wet and get there in the mail bag at mailbag.orangelaungeradio.com
and pull out your e-mails right now.
If they get wet that means my suit is broken.
First e-mail comes from Nailhead, awesome name.
I'll start by saying that I love the show, been listening to the podcast for a year.
It makes traveling to work and back much faster.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you.
The names that I buy are from recommendations from Orange Lounge Radio, so thank you for
that.
That's a scary thought, that we're influencing the general public like that, but no thank
you, seriously.
I have a story that you may want to know about.
I'm part of a small film company in Huntsville, Alabama.
Shout out to Jamie.
I know she's from Alabama too.
Hell yeah!
And we are in production of a World of Warcraft documentary.
I'll link you to this article because I love the way it's written much better than me trying
to describe it.
I'm going to read the URL.
It's fairly long.
at wowinsider.com slash 2006 slash 08 slash 08 slash bowling dash 4 dash gnomeregan g-n-o-m-e
gnomeregan actually but that's alright sorry i don't whatever dash wow dash documentary
dash in dash d dash works so it sounds like go to this wow insider look for an august
eighth post yeah sounds like okay yeah okay the link to the film's webpage is a world
of warcraftthemovie.com and the film company is deadworkers.com.
Not as cool as zombie flesh eaters, but still pretty damn cool.
I'd be curious to see what this documentary would turn out like.
It'd be great if you mentioned it on the show.
It would surely help get us more interviews.
Also we would love to interview you all as well, that is if we can make it out west.
In closing, I'll list three things about your show I love, FUs of the Week, PC vs Mac
is hilarious i tend to side with loki on this one wow you are bruce campbell fans um here's
here's something funny and speaking of penny arcade earlier they did a strip about dead rising
and they had mac fans looking drooling over the uh that was great yeah that was great well the
closing on this is thanks i love you all oh kisses smoochy smoochy got one from digi nova
It says, hey crew, a big hello from DigiNova on the other side of the pond.
It's been a while since I last called in but I wanted to raise the subject of the OLR
Skype line.
I totally find this part of the show one of the most interesting parts.
Granted there are the regular callers but to myself they are part of the OLR formula
that makes it so addictive that makes me so envious that I can't participate more often.
The recent edition of the voicemail section gives the listeners who can't make those
late night sessions a regular thing, a chance to put their views across.
In short, OLR combines the great factors of anime, gaming, and humor that make me crack
up on the train to work every Monday and Thursday.
Please note I get odd looks from some fellow passengers when I get a dirty smirk about
fanboy funk from Ron Masao Tomy.
I can't wait to see the reaction to this week's show.
At this point, I want to make my dedication to the OLR crew and have purchased the above
domain which isn't a total ripoff, but hope this makes me an official trooper from Sky.
Have a great show tonight.
I'll be sure to listen to and pass the word of OLR to the masses
and it's
orangelounge.co.uk. So somebody bought orangelounge.co.uk for us
in a way. Dude, seriously, maybe we should have a UK mirror.
I'm down with that. Email us back if you want to help run a UK mirror for us.
Two things. A, I'm very glad someone's saying something positive about the
call-in segment because
I think I want to say either the reviews in iTunes or somewhere was bashing on
the collars and I, you know, they're just mad they don't listen Sunday nights and
can call in themselves.
I don't know what their deal is, so I'm really glad something's said because we
really want this to be everybody's show, not just, you know, Dark Sakura, Loki and
Sky hog the airwaves for, you know, three hours.
We like getting you guys involved, you know.
Although my ego does like hogging the airwaves for three hours.
We are the stars.
No, I'm kidding.
Anyway.
I'm the diva of the show.
No, Rob's the diva of the show.
One thing, I'm loving the increase it seems like we've been having in UK presence lately
because I've noticed on MySpace, we've been getting a lot of ads from UK folks lately.
So whoever's spreading our name out there in the UK, thanks and we're really glad that
you guys are noticing that we want to be representative of gamers everywhere, not just silly America
but you know UK Australia Canada anywhere so worldwide gaming news here
at Orange Launch Radio so thank you I especially love our UK listeners though
because I'm going to move into your country one day when I want to visit
it when I'm in your country buying your stuff Oh Bobby hahaha Bob Bobby black
wolf wrote us oh our good pal Bobby black wolf from all games calm this also
does a show Sunday night such as dear lol our heart as in you know less than
3.
Mm-hmm.
Dear Alala, all in caps, bye-bye.
Which is how many kills he'll get in the Chromestowns tournament, by the way.
Ooh.
Less than 3.
Like your mom.
Listen.
Last night.
Ooh.
Stop talking trash.
I know.
I'm going playing.
Everyone's...
I'm sorry.
Less than 3 is how many people we have signed up to participate in the Chromestowns tournament
right now.
Exactly.
This whole thing reminds me of that South Park episode where they're trying to get Tweak
in...
I forget the other guy, to fight.
Oh, Craig.
Craig, yeah.
Craig the fight and they're all like talking trash for them and yeah okay
hey tweak said you're a bastard all right okay okay anyway um dear olr i
love your show i also love destroying the chrome hounds of your listeners see
you next week xoxoxoxo heart heart bobby black wolf i love you bobby what a
was full of awesome and win I personally don't give a shit cuz I don't play
ChromeHounds yeah easy for you to say until we get trashed on next week's show
can't wait but I will play you in DVR and pwn your ass
oh suddenly black wolf woke up in chat cute we have people starting to rise
it's right you should have been doing this when we called for you guys last
Last week where the fuck were you?
This email comes from, scrolling down to the bottom of the really freaking long email,
Johnny.
I'm going to read this.
It's really long.
Hey guys, just wanted to let you guys know I enjoy the show and wanted to share my thoughts
about video games causing violence in teen pregnancy.
The knee-jerk reaction from many in our age group, like Junami, is to blame the parents.
However, the vast majority of us are not parents, or are not parents of adolescent-aged children,
especially when you factor out the Pac-Man and Sudoku playing grandmothers that bump
up the average age of the gamer statistic.
It's easy for those of us who aren't parents to cast blame, but it's not so simple.
Who among us growing up had parents who were successfully able to control all the influence
that shaped our minds?
There are many influences on a child, including the extended family, community, peers, and
yes, media.
Parents can only control so much.
Full-time parents in the 60s couldn't keep Playboy and pot out of the hands of children.
How can single parents and dual-wage parents today facing our new economic realities?
I hope to attain that much supervision.
That's not to say that I'm letting parents off the hook.
Dysfunctional parents tend not to realize their dysfunction.
But is it in reality their fault if they were raised with the same dysfunctional manner?
And even if it is their fault, does simply screaming at these damaged people
to raise their poor kids better contribute to a solution.
Sorry, tongue tied.
It's obviously not video games.
People always blame new technology, trends, and music.
The parents of yesterday were convinced that Elvis single-handedly deflowered a generation
of virgins, equipment.
That's not fiction.
Yeah. But there are very few parents of today who grew up with that music agree.
There have been studies done linking video games to physical agitation
like increased heart rate and aggression, but also, after playing a game of football,
doesn't feel that same agitation and aggression. Video games are new. They will be scapegoated
until we, who have grown up with them, become the parents of adolescents ourselves. By then,
I'm sure we'll be blaming VR. My God, that will play snuff films. We never had that.
Satan. Defensively pointing to the First Amendment as a shield doesn't solve anything. The game
industry in particular, and the gaming community in general, has to take a lead in tackling
these problems. Without casting blame, we need to improve our society's respect for
life and human dignity. Amen. These ideas have to be proactively taught. Simply censoring
and removing media to the contrary doesn't work. Eliminating the video game where you
can kill a prostitute does not, by itself, create respect for women. We have to directly
teach respect for women, and a society that has respect for women will naturally not be
entertained by a video game where you can kill a prostitute. That's the message that
we need to communicate to the mainstream and to our government.
Instead of fighting over whose fault it is, let's work on fixing the problem."
I agree with that.
As a side note, Camden, Ohio is a socially and religiously conservative city that teaches
abstinence only.
Conservative parents seem to generally believe that kids, if never told about sex, will never
figure out how to perform sex or even if there are certain bodily parts that can be stimulated.
This is even though one of these conservative parents themselves conceived their current
crop of children in the back of a four pinto, but I digress.
So why do these parents think that it must be music or video games?
After all, children are never exposed to sex in their God-fearing homes and communities,
right?
It must be an outside influence, right?
Fighting the conservatives will always be an exercise in frustration.
They think they're angels, but an all-demonic influence must come from the outside.
Sad.
Sorry for the long-winded email, just wanted you to know that I enjoy the show.
Thanks, Johnny.
I agree with every damn thing that you've said there.
I'd like to say I have plenty of respect for women, but I enjoy games where you can kill
prostitutes.
that was but they have no they have little respect for themselves though
okay well I had fun with with the I actually
I I have to say I do I do love having my
my random about a fake non-reality
destruction it's it's a release of aggression and on top of that there's all those
you know added studies too about
how solving even the puzzles in some of these more violent games
how they raise your cognitive function. I'll have you know.
I'm actually going to be putting Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
on my laptop so that during our segments or during our breaks between
part A and part B
I can play the hot coffee mod at whim.
You know what? I give props to that listener for being well-educated.
That's all. Well-educated.
Individual. You don't agree with them? No, no, no.
No, I do.
Not often you see well-educated internet rants, so I'm very pleased with the other one.
Well, honestly, I think that that type of attitude should be applied toward all sorts
of things within society that's going on.
I honestly think that, and I actually am not going to go into detail about this, I recently
had a conversation with my mother.
You know what I'm talking about.
I had a discussion with my mother and she started to preach at me and try to bring Bible
quotes into it.
And I was like, excuse me?
She's like, do you believe in Jesus?
I was like, what does me believing in Jesus have to do with you respecting who I am?
There's nothing wrong with being religious, nothing at all.
It's just, you know.
It's so inflected on everybody else.
But the whole thing about that is that I think that that's an attitude that we keep running into.
If the fundamentalists really want to support their position, they're going to,
they should actually go from a more valid standpoint.
Not everybody is going to believe in what you believe.
You need to, if you're really trying to convince people, you know, to not act a certain way
or that, you know, not to play these violent games or to not, you know, do something,
you need to actually have something substantial to support your claim with.
That's what I have to say.
I actually have to defend I'm not I'm not conservative or anything but to defend the conservatives
There are a few people out there that are just that dumb that they will go out and do stupid things from games
But I would have more respect for them if they actually research the subject they were talking about
You should see some of those anti Harry Potter, but Harry Potter promotes witchcraft. There's actually Christians
Hello, there actually is a book though that one of my friends who is she's a very she's a liberal Christian
She is called
What Harry Potter teaches us about Jesus or something like that and how they're actually using it as a relation for how it teaches good values
It does teach some good values, but listen if you want witchcraft you watch Harry Potter if you want, you know
Jesus and all that stuff
You watch this
So, you know, there's movies out there for that are both
parallel to different religions. I'm waiting for my goddamn pagan series, or better yet,
Scientology. Oh, I'm sorry, Battlefield Earth was already out there, so...
Moving on. Tom Cruise saving the world with Scientology.
Religion Wars 101 here on this program, please. No, but my whole point was, is just that,
you know, fucking think for yourself, people. Don't be a fucking sheep.
Okay, Jeremy Todd won!
First of all, RIDRASHER.
R-I-D-R-A-Y-S-H-E-R.
Okay, I found this on YouTube. Jack Thompson was interviewed, well not really an
interview, but more of a discussion about video game violence.
The main discussion was about the game Bully and how it could affect children in
schools. Here's a link to the video.
Look on YouTube and look under Jack Thompson. Yeah, do a search if you really want.
I'm not gonna...
Honestly, there's a reason why we've relegated this sort of to the mailbag segment and didn't
talk about it a whole lot in depth tonight, and that is, unlike G4, we don't feel like
giving this guy more attention.
With all due respect to the emailer, I realize it's in the blogs and everything, and people
are talking about it.
I'm going to finish reading his email.
Sure.
They bring up some interesting points, and I thought that OLR and possibly some of the
listeners would want to see this video.
My opinion is also, by the way, on game politics.
They kept bringing some of the stuff up.
My opinion on this video is that Jack Thompson believes that when a kid starts playing a
violent video game, that the kid will instantly turn into an angry, violent kid and that that's
just not true.
One thing I found interesting is that when they asked Jack if he had seen the game being
played by someone, and he replies by saying no.
So basically he is saying that the game Bully will make kids violent even though he hasn't
actually seen the video being played and he doesn't know what the game runs.
To be fair, none of them have seen the game yet, and also to be fair, his whole assumption
on the game was based off of the press release about the game, the pictures they've seen
so far of the game, and that kind of stuff. So he's in the wrong for assuming that this
game is a certain way because of just a press release and some pictures and he hasn't played
the game. But they're also wrong in defending the game because they haven't played it yet
either. So the whole thing is it's an argument over something completely retarded. That's
just like saying, you know, the passion of the Christ. And Mel Gibson is making a movie
pretending that the movie hasn't come out yet or something like that and
debating you know that whole movie without having seen anything on it
it's just it the whole argument
you know the whole interview was retarded. The whole thing was an
ego
cock stroking thing seriously Jack Thompson wanted to be on cable TV
G4 wanted to be able to interview the big bad guy behind video games
there was nothing redeeming about that whole thing. They covered nothing.
and I wish to not waste any more time talking about it next email.
Moving on, Chris emails us saying,
Hey, OLR, I recently received a DS Lite for my birthday and I was wondering,
this is my favorite game for PSP and PS2 as SOCOM,
if there are any games that are similar to SOCOM for DS because please let me know.
Thanks, love the show. I don't know, because those type of games don't really interest me,
personally. Point blank, maybe?
Now stuff I wouldn't say point-blank if anything I mean there's not a lot out right now
I think that they might be porting over Medal of Honor or Call of Duty to the
DS didn't know about that, but there might be you know something like that coming out
I would say probably right now Metroid Prime Hunters. You know the first you know first-person shooter
There's not a whole lot first-person shooters on the Wii just because it's difficult set up on it. Yes
DS, Wii, whatever. Well, I would say though, if you really, if you have these games that
you like, check the publisher's websites and see if they have any release dates listed
for any games along those lines. I was just going to throw out, as the Nintendo fangirl,
that Metroid Prime for DS is really very, very good. And I'm not a big fan of first
person shooters in general, but that was very, very good. I liked Metroid and the DS better
than I did on the consoles, to be honest, perfectly honest.
I like the first Metroid on the Nintendo.
A little wireless multiplayer goes a long way.
Super Metroid, Super Metroid.
Yes, that game was the shit.
That's all for email though.
All right, you should email us too.
You, there, sitting at your computer,
or sitting on the bus, or in the car,
listening to our show right now.
I mean, if you're driving, don't email us right now.
But send us an email at some point.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, back to the gaming news.
Yes, and speaking of G4, they actually just did G4 yet, 2006, and that kind of snuck by
because I didn't see anything about it, but we have their results so that you don't have
to see the reruns. Anyways, don't get...
I just want to say this isn't news, but I understand why we're covering it. That's fine.
I just want to get that out there. This isn't news.
Okay. Best game of the year, Elder Scrolls IV. Duh. Okay. Best voiceover, Kingdom Hearts
Best 2. Best alternative sport game, Mario Baseball. Best action game, Shadow of the
Colossus. Okay. Best graphics, Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion. Best handheld game, Mario Kart
DS. Best multiplayer game, Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter on the 360. This one I have trouble
with right here. Most original game, Guitar Hero.
Uh, Guitar Freaks anyone?
I don't know.
Um, best role playing game, Elder Scrolls IV, Oblivion, best shooter, Call of Duty 2,
best soundtrack, Kingdom Hearts 2, best strategy game, Star Wars Empire at War, and best traditional
sports game, Fight Night Round 3.
Can I rant for a minute?
Actually that game was really good looking.
Yeah, yeah, Fight Night is a beautiful looking game.
Um, can I rant for a minute though?
I am sick of G4 farting and it turning up on all these game blogs.
I mean seriously, what has G4 done for the gaming industry in the past year?
Not a god damn thing but let downs and disappointment.
Why is the gaming community continuing to give a shit about anything G4 does?
Seriously, don't look at it and maybe it will go away.
We should be focusing our attention on more promising gaming representation such as independent
radio.
Game politics?
politics.com, which is an impressive website, I love that place, Gameplay HD, that whole
channel which is run by people who actually know things about video games, shock and awe.
I've actually seen good stuff come out of Eurogamer TV too.
You know what?
And YouTube, and you don't want to know something funny though?
Certain vodcast out there.
This year's G4 was X-Play presents G4.
Because you know what?
X-Play is the only gaming show on that network anymore.
So seriously, gaming community, I challenge you, stop giving a shit about G4 for like
six months, and maybe something better will rise up, and you might find something better
that is more deserving of your attention than anything that joke of a network producer.
And investors, remember, Orange Lounge Radio TV can happen.
And you know what?
It won't happen on G4 after my little rant, sorry, but look, that's how I feel, and how
most of the gaming folks feel, I'm sure.
I'm just saying, ever since the first G4 that I saw, which was retarded anyways, I was amazed
that Spike and their, you know, award show was actually better than G4, yeah, when it
first came out, I'm like, and this is a network that doesn't even, you know, this isn't a
gaming network and they're doing a better show? I mean, come on. Well, G4's not a gaming
network anymore, and that is a fact. They've come out and said it. It is a guy TV network
like Spike, so. I'm just fucking sick of seeing all these, you know, G4 does this and it ends
up on Digg. I'm like, G4 can suck my dick. Will that end up on Digg? Probably.
G4 comes to Orange John's radio studio and begins to get down on their knees and...
Black Wolf brings up an interesting point. You know Black Wolf has something to say about
this. He says All Games was born from G4. Well, not really born from G4, but All Games
as it is today. All Games has been around for 10 years, but of course we all know Scott,
who started all games, started G4 with Comcast.
And G4, everything negative I'm saying about G4
is in the past couple years,
pretty much every decision they made
since the tech TV merger, I think we can all agree,
G4, when it first started, had a lot of promise.
It was pretty cool.
And sure, even myself, maybe on this program in the past,
I gave Scott and some of the other G4 personalities
a hard time, but no more than some of the internet
gives us a hard time being a podcaster, whatever.
I have nothing but respect for him, for the fact especially that he knew when to jump
ship.
I mean, that speaks a lot of points to Scott's gamer cred and everything, and what All Games
is all about, is that he was able to jump from that cable TV guy position and do something
that he believed in, and something that is so much more beneficial for the gaming community,
And it makes me so frustrated that All Games does things, you know, Orange Launch Radio,
Gamer Andy, Chatterbox, Bobby, everybody does things and nobody seems to care.
Exactly.
It's like, you know, if I report a street date or something of something, it doesn't
matter.
But if G4 just says, oh, by the way, this is coming out, it will get posted on every
single...
If All Games did an award show like G4ia did that, nobody would care.
And it's sad because that award show would be brought to you by real gamers.
gamers not not game for pay anyway that was my little rant that was my little
rant sorry I do want to you know give Scott massive kudos oh I absolutely give
Scott massive kudos because the reason the whole reason why we're on board with
all games is that you know we believe in his vision you know and just next story
please I'm sorry Scott is full of awesome and
Yeah, I know. I know. He's a good guy. Everybody at all games... Lawrence, I couldn't say enough
great things about him. If we could afford to pay him to be our producer, we would. And,
you know, of course Bobby, even though we give him a hard time about the whole, you
know, ChromeHounds and everything thing, he's just, he's...
Bobby is full of loss and can win too.
They're great.
I think, I think I would rather, you know, kind of lump G4 in with the Jacky-poo thing
and just basically treat it like that. Let's just not talk about him anymore.
You know what? I'm taking a stand right now.
G4, those words are banned from this program from here on out.
Unless they're mentioned in other words and not together.
Yeah, you know what I mean.
Like, for example, we could talk about a G4 Mac.
Okay, that'll be fine, but unless they talk about something really big,
with the exception of one segment that's coming up tonight, because I just
realized there's something coming up in a segment tonight.
after tonight's episode seriously no more G4 news stories
seriously. Gee I wish I had four arms.
By the way, poo eater, slink to the chat room, dig story about G4
Did it seriously get dug?
I am, oh god you guys are crazy. Anyway
in news, yes please thank you, there is a
full length feature made especially for Xbox Live that will be coming out on the
a marketplace. It's basically a recap of the, so far, Battlestar Galactica series. So if
any of you missed it, go get it. Battlestar Galactica is awesome sauce.
I'm glad we could talk about good cable TV now, because Battlestar Galactica is pretty
frackin' awesome. I mean, it's...
I used to watch the old Battlestar Galactica.
The new one just...
You know what they need to do?
...takes the old one and makes it, like, great.
You know what they need to do for me, though?
Huh.
need to freak and put the new Doctor Who episodes up there for me because the new
doctor is cute and I was because I made the mistake of watching Doctor Who on
YouTube and I found out what happens to Rose I'm sorry I love my British sci-fi
y'all I think it's a really good idea to put this on Xbox Live you know just it's
It's a marriage of geekdom, it's great.
Dear Microsoft, Dr. Who, please, for the win.
All right, well, I know we have some GameStop pride here in studio tonight.
We have Meg Z who works at GameStop, and I know Jamie's Husby.
I know stuff about this too.
Yes, well here it is, I have to mention this, and of course I want to know what you guys
think about this, Louisiana employees of GameStop are suing the retailer for unfair labor practices.
Happened in California too.
Six managers claimed they were forced to work 60 or more hours a week without being paid
overtime and were told they were not eligible for overtime.
EA, by the way, and other major developers lost a court case of something similar.
So what do you guys think of this?
It happened in California actually and they changed because this affected my husband's
salary.
They actually had to change, I think, something from salary to pay as part of a class action
lawsuit.
They had to rework because it was violating some California pay and labor law.
In fact, the company I work for has actually had to redo that because they were paying
us by something that's legal in North Carolina and not what's legal in California.
But yeah, that happened out here too.
I think it's already up to seven digs on dig.com, but it doesn't link to anything because the
podcast isn't up yet.
They should have waited until the podcast was up and then they could link it.
We'll see. I don't know. We'll see what happens. That's cute. You guys are so great.
I love, I love O.L. Army.
Oh, I'm sorry. Megsy was going to have a comment for us. Megsy, what would you want to say on the GameStop thing?
Uh, I like GameStop.
I go there. Hi, this is Eris from GameStop. Hi, this is Eris from GameStop. She called me like five times.
Uh, since I'm not a manager, it doesn't really affect me.
Um, so I guess I don't really have anything to say about it.
Well, I don't want you to endanger your job. I was going to say, from your perception,
does it seem unfair? You don't have to answer.
I guess. If you're working 60 more hours a week in any job, you should be paid fairly
for it.
True.
In California, basically, and honestly, this is why I will never move out of state, because
I've worked in the South, and it sucks. In California, you're required to have, for every
Every six hours you work, you're required to have two 15-minute breaks.
If you work over six hours, you get a 30-minute lunch that you're not paid for, of course.
If you work over eight hours in a day, unless there are other prior arrangements made, you
get paid overtime.
If you go over ten hours, you get time and a half.
Not time and a half, you get double time.
Yeah, that's law.
Yeah, that's law in California.
And if you work over 40 hours a week, you get overtime pay.
Now, did they specify whether these were, these were, this is probably just a small
detail if these were store managers or assistant managers or just managers.
You just said six managers.
Oh, all right.
Then I really don't know.
But I think that there's actually something similar in regards at least for the weekly
over time, but as far as I was aware, I think that most of the GameStop managers are on
salary.
Yeah, they are.
And they actually...
That's how I understand it.
They eliminated that in California because it was violating labor law.
I see.
But...
GameStop managers in Wisconsin are on salary as far as I can tell.
But if they're working 60 hours a week,
there should be some sort of provision.
Because I believe that standard salary pay is on a 45 hour
a week.
Well, in California, it's 40.
But I think that their old way that they did it
is that 45 hours of pay each paycheck.
And if you're working 60 hours, then no, that doesn't fly.
I'm not sure how it is in Wisconsin.
I'm just a part-time worker.
I'm just glad when I get hours, but yeah, I guess that if you are working 60 hours you
should get some sort of compensation because that's just insane.
Yeah.
Alright, let's keep it moving.
Anyways, speaking of disappointments, PlayStation 3.
Not going to be playable at Lipzig.
So all you German fans of the PlayStation 3 out there, sorry.
Sony wants to save all their surprises for the Tokyo Game Show. No word if other developers
are showing off any playable Playstation 3 games. It says, but if Sony decides that they
are not going to show the unit, you can bet that a decent amount of the companies will
follow suit. So what's this mean? This means that they're going to have to pull out some
like serious leprechaun magic to get this thing to be impressive by the time Tokyo Game
show comes around, that's all I gotta say. So, I don't know. Not too surprised that they're
not having stuff playable, because they only need a more negative press. But I am surprised
that they're not gonna, well, who knows. Maybe they will detail some more stuff about their,
you know, online service and that kind of thing. But no game sucks.
Well, speaking of that particular little convention, there actually is an Ubisoft lineup that was
posted.
If anybody cares about Ubisoft, which I do, because I think Ubisoft does, they do some
happy.
Ubisoft FTW.
They're cool.
Yeah.
Dark Messiah of Might and Magic will be out Fall 2006.
There's also Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent that has single player multiplayer mode
on Xbox 360, PC, and this is Xbox 360, I'm sorry, Call of Juarez Western Shooter playable
on PC September 2006.
The Settlers 2 The Next Generation, I haven't heard of The Settlers 1 to be honest, it's
on PC, it's a strategy game, no wonder.
Settlers construction construction based strategy game playable on the DS
horses with a Z riding adventure playable on PC
open season action adventure playable on PlayStation 2 and
Also
There were
numbers of the international development team available there who are giving some of the background into how games are created created and
Speaking out on new projects showing playable games
games. They also have a playable of Dark Messiah available there.
That's pretty cool. Some interesting things coming from Sony again, talking about their
online service for the PS3. Well, there's also an online service that's supposed to
be coming to the PSP in the form of an iTunes-like service to download movies and video, and
and of course some music and stuff. So anyways,
it's kind of interesting though,
right now they've got a total of 120 games coming out
by the end of the year for the PSP, so that's pretty good.
It is, you know, that service right now is being held up,
the download service for the videos and the music
is being held up by the digital rights management that they haven't
quite figure out how to implement yet. What's kind of cool though is
they're talking about the GPS system as well. They're going to be adding
use for both mapping,
you know, your standard GPS mapping, and also gameplay elements.
So some games will support GPS. I think actually Hot Shots Golf, the new ones
coming out,
will support that. They're also talking about the camera add-on
is going to have a microphone built in. It'll be able to take still pictures and video.
and the future iterations of the PSP likely
are likely but Sony is believing that the device will have a 10-year lifespan. This is all
coming from Kotaku. They actually had an
interview that they did with John Kohler,
the senior marketing manager for the PSP.
So, it's kinda interesting. I want to know when their download service for the games is
coming out because if they're having trouble with the movies
and the music, games is gonna be another thing too.
And, and do you really think this is gonna take off? I don't know.
Ehh, ehh.
What, Maisie? Like I said, I've got, I've got a
vendetta against Sony and the PSP is one of the things I hate most about Sony.
Why? Um, because, let's see,
let's see, um, well looking at it from,
if you just look at it hypothetically, it's a great system, you know, it does all this stuff,
but it seems like it almost does too much and everything is kind of half done,
and it seems like they're just it's just all this other stuff is just overkill
and it's gonna all be half done just kinda like the movies and the music and
the games
it's like uh... pick something and do it well? yeah it's it's the business world has it
saying that if you do one thing
well then you've succeeded if you do three things like halfway then
you've failed and that's the PSP
you know it's almost like the same mistake the N-Gage made because
and I hate to compare the PSP to the N-Gage because I give PSP a lot more credit than that
yeah but the N-Gage was kinda you know it it tried to be was it a phone was it a
gaming system and
But it just was a hockey puck. Yeah. Well and the other thing too about it is and I mean having oh
I have two PSPs, so
They're really to be honest isn't a game that you gotta have for the PSP
I mean, I play Grand Theft Auto religiously and that's pretty much it. That's my one game. I buy each year
I mean
but you know what that's pretty sad because I don't even play the DS that much and I've bought more than one game for this
year and I plan on buying a lot more coming soon but there just isn't any games out there
that come out that are really great and it's just why would I waste my money on this stuff
and that's the other thing too the games are more expensive than the DS so great that you
know it's a more powerful system but it's just I don't know they're not making good
software for it.
I actually have to, though, give mad props to DJ Geni, the Wonder Swan.
The swan kicks all your portable asses.
As much as I love the Wonder Swan, I still prefer PSP, even then.
Even then.
I love my Wonder Swan.
I like the PSP.
It just...
It's...
Neo Geo Pocket Color!
I like the PSP, but I agree it spreads itself a little too thin to try to do too much, then
focus on the games.
But for some people, that's what they need.
As far as the N-Gage reference, I played the Game.com more than I played our N-Gage, and
We gave it away.
The analogy I use a lot with the PSP when trying to explain to someone is it's like
when you go to Thanksgiving dinner and you load up your plate with all sorts of stuff
like everything, way too much of anything, and then you sit down and you try to eat it
and you just can't finish it.
And you get sick.
Well, that too.
But it's like, it's all just half done.
Whereas the DS, you got a bunch of turkey and you can finish all your turkey and it's
really good.
And then you have a nice nap when you're done.
Yeah, then you fall asleep.
All right, I'm sure we'll get some emails on that.
So we look forward to reading those.
In the meantime, we're gonna shift gears here a little bit on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're gonna do something we have not done in a long time, at least six months.
But you know what, kids, it's a slow news week.
And all things considered, it's a pretty slow news week.
And it's time for us here on Orange Lounge Radio to bring back
an old segment that we used to do back in the day when we did a three hour live show
and a podcast and all that stuff.
Quite.
All right.
So are we ready?
Because I think, Loki, are you filming this?
I don't know.
I think so, because they wanted more film for the station.
All right, well, here we go.
Here we go, whenever you guys are ready.
We're going to take a call on the line right now.
First person to call on the Skype line
gets to play the game with us.
We already have a contestant from the chat room.
And the game we are going to play tonight is?
Match game.
The match game.
video game match game to be specific oh we got a call already hello you're on
orange launch radio who's this this is drunami
oh drunami our old friend we can't escape you and we can't escape you
cannot you're not in studio tonight yet you're still there
i love gs68 in our chat room what did gs68 in our chat room say nissan skype
line yeah so okay uh no more calls on skype
please we have our contestant you want to play some match game tonight drunami
hell yeah all right hell yeah all right and you're going to be playing against
somebody from our chat room, and the person you're going to be playing against in our
chat room tonight is DMN, alright? So DMN, we did a trivia contest in chat earlier, and
DMN won. So it's you against DMN tonight. Sound good, Magus?
Oh yeah. Alright, you know how the match game works,
right? Of course.
Alright, well let me explain it for those folks that don't know how match game works.
What's going to happen is that we're going to read some sentences, and they kind of have
something to do with video games but not really and then our celebrities here in
studio will fill in the blank and then you guys are gonna try and guess what's
in that blank and for every one that you guess you get a point and the person
with the most points won a fabulous prize tonight's prize is a space on our
MySpace Top 8, you will be all kinds of internet cool with a space on our MySpace Top 8.
Alright, so you ready Magus?
Oh yeah.
Alright, and DMN, I hope you're ready in chat as well, and chat room, feel free to help
out, you can yell out answers in general chat, but we will take the answers that Magus and
DMN give us.
Alright, so let's introduce tonight's celebrities.
Alright, celebrity number one is from Wisconsin and enjoys all types of different video games,
especially those by Nintendo and is a lesbian.
Say hello to Magsy, celebrity number one!
Yay!
Hi Magsy.
Hi.
Alright, celebrity number two comes to us from the Bay Area and she's Magsy's girlfriend
and does a lot of really nice sketch art that she's drawing right now.
I like this.
a great art so I say hello to Chris alright now a celebrity number threes
over there in the corner taping videotaping all this hot lesbian action
going on and it's the one and only Loki alright hi Loki over number three
celebrity number four is hiding behind the laptop from the camera say hello to
dark soccer get that thing out of my face and celebrity number five is me
Rob Roberts hi my adoring fans all there all right whatever
all right in a celebrity yo all right here we go kids we're gonna start off
tonight here's question number one Magus you gotta wait for everybody in the
studio so don't just yell out the answers okay and you gotta wait for our
chatter to get in there as well five questions tonight you ready ready
Magus yep all right here it is question number one Nelly hates the fact that
that Loki plays so many video games
it's a nightly occurrence to hear at their house Nellie screaming
Matt put down the blank so we can have whoopee
Our celebrities are thinking
of their answers. Matt put down the blank so we can have whoopee
Alright
Our celebrities are thinking about their answers.
I'm waiting on our chat room person to send me an answer there.
Are our celebrities a ding-ding?
Ding!
Ding!
Ding!
I'm a ding.
Loki, are you a ding?
Alright, Mags is a ding.
Alright, we're just waiting on our chat room.
Our chat person.
In chat room, I am not looking at your answers.
I'm doing this all by myself, okay?
Oh, you're not looking at chat room answers, doing it all by yourself?
He's a big boy now!
Alright, there we go, we have an answer.
Okay, so Magus, what is your answer?
Let me read the question one more time.
Nelly hates the fact that Loki plays so many video games.
It's a nightly occurrence to hear at their house Nelly screaming,
Matt, put down the blank so we can have Whoopi!
Magus, what's your answer?
Matt, put down the res trans vibrator.
Res trans vibrator so we can have Whoopi!
We can have Whoopi, and let's see what contestant number two in chat DMN said, said, Matt, put
down the Wii so we can have Whoopi.
The Wii.
All right, Dark Soccer.
I said Transvibrator.
Transvibrator!
One point for Magus.
Good job.
That's crazy.
And yes, we're writing it down in studio and she does have that written down on her little
piece of paper.
I had that written down ten minutes ago.
All right, let's see.
Loki, what did you have?
Well, seeing as the Wii isn't out yet, and also the Res Transfiberator, I don't own that.
That's what you say.
I said the Xbox 360 controller.
Xbox 360 controller, what a boring answer.
What a boring, boring answer.
Okay, my answer was put down the Wii so we can make Whoopi.
So I matched with DMN so it's all tied up one to one.
Let's see.
Megzi, what did you put? Put down the...
Corn.
Corn?!
The corn?!
I don't want to know.
You're only going to get that if you've seen Sensitive Pornograph.
No, no, no, it was in my sexual harassment.
Nerds! Nerds!
Alright, Chris, Matt, put down the...
Third hand.
Third hand, not a match.
I didn't know.
Alright, that's alright. You're still hot, so we'll give it to you.
Alright, but it doesn't help out our chat room DMN or it doesn't help out
Magus any. It's still one to one though, which is a higher score than usual for a
match game. So here we go.
We're ready for question number two. You ready Magus?
Any choice words for DMN?
Oh, you're going down. Alright, here it is. Question number two.
Oops, no music yet. Dark Sakura
is planning a road trip with her girlfriends very soon.
and my girlfriends, me and Chris and Maggie, Megsy, yep, luckily they
they drive a magical car capable of playing
any video game to entertain themselves on the trip there
realizing this Dark Sakura says
oh I better make sure to bring a copy of blank
I know, I would ask for a ride home.
Alright, our folks are thinking about their answers there. We have our celebrities. Hey,
no cheating, no conferring over there.
No we're not, but we all think the same thing anyway.
video game are they gonna bring okay we have an answer for chat I'm I'm ding ding
all right we got everybody Magus we better make sure to bring a copy of
Kingdom Hearts for those bishonen Kingdom Hearts for the bishonen mmm
interesting guess okay DMN says bring a copy of loco Roco if I had to be in the
car with those girls I'd be going loco loco as well I'm in hell all right let's
see if there's a match dark Sakura animal crossing animal crossing of
course all these girls love their animal crossing not a match though Loki I guess
I guess what what was the animal crossing a euphemism for now I'll tell
you later Tom Nook something dirty okay look Tom Nookie Tom Nookie all right
look what what's your answer Loki well my answer I'm one question too late I
said the rez with the rez trans vibrator cuz oh it's not a match not a match all
right my answer is of course girls are gonna get together they're gonna play
Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball.
Not a match though, not a match. Good answer from myself, but not a match, sad to say.
Magsy, what did you say?
Animal Crossing.
Animal Crossing! Chris!
Animal Crossing!
Oh, wow!
That was a...
It's a massive intro.
There are too many giggling girls on tonight's program. Way too many.
I remember those emails we got back in the day about the giggling co-host.
Oh, this is revenge.
All right, here it is.
Question number three, boys and girls.
You ready for question number three?
It's still tied up one to one, all right?
Here it is.
Question numero tres.
Rob gets very scared when playing Silent Hill.
Because of this, he has to remember when playing scary games to bring some blank.
I have my answer.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Megsy, is that a ding?
Oh, she's writing right now. Okay, let's see if we got something from her chat.
No, we're waiting on our chat room.
Person. Come on, step it up, DMN.
There's a little bit of a delay. He's trying to think of a good answer.
Here's that question one more time. We are playing video game match game tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
Rob gets very scared when playing Silent Hill.
hill. Because of this, he has to remember to, when playing scary games, to bring some
blank. Still waiting. Okay, there we go, we have an answer. Alright, so let's go over
to Magus. Rob gets scared when playing games. He has to remember when playing scary games
to bring some clean underwear clean underwear clean underwear okay and DMN
says has to remember to bring some depends depends yeah a little bit a
little bit but oops I cried my pants all right let's let's see if we get a match
we have clean underwear and depends those are different things they are
distinctly different because you don't poop and clean underwear okay but you
You can poop in Depends all you want.
I said Depends adult diapers.
You did?
Yes, I did.
Alright!
That's a point for DMN.
I specifically said Depends.
Alright.
Point for DMN.
Oops, I cracked my pants.
Alright, here we go.
Loki, what did you say?
I actually said basically a baby bottle in a blanket because only babies would be scared
of Silent Hill yet, jackass.
Boo!
Ouch.
Burn!
Ouch.
Ouch.
You guys are very cruel.
that's not a match. My answer was Rob better bring some Guinness because if I'm
drinking it's okay. It calms me down. Guinness goes well with everything. Meg Z
we're looking for Depends or adult or Depends or clean underwear. What'd you
say? Pyramid head plushies. That's cute. I like the way you think Meg Z. Chris we
have another do we have another match what'd you say bring some? I said a
blanket a
Blanket I get really really scared by those things. I'm a big pussy, too
Here I don't know if I want the lesbian on the show to be talking about what a big
Yes, you did um let's go back to the scoreboard where DMN has two points and
23rd Magus has one point so Magus you're black and behind you got two more questions to catch up you ready
Ready?
Sure.
Alright, here we go.
Here comes question number four.
Question number four.
And I apologize for this after the earlier rant, but these match game questions were
written in advance.
Jack Thompson was on Attack of the Show recently, yelling back and forth with Adam Sessler.
What you didn't see, though, was after the interview, Jack's feathers were so ruffled
he said about Adam Sessler, man, does that guy need blank.
jack thompson said about adam sesler after that interview man that guy meets
blank
who chris already doing
i'm doing as well as i did if i didn't already say
you got it
now we're just waiting on uh...
dm and there in chat maggots you have an answer you're a girl
more capital well no no no no no no no don't give your answer yet sorry
and it's not going to hear that okay I get another one
a full another one on my ass I don't need to know about your ass
treated alright okay here it is
here it is we got our answer alright
Jack Thompson was on attack at the show recently yelling back and forth with
Adam Sessler we didn't see though is after the interview jacks feathers were
so ruffled
he said about Adam Sessler, man does that guy need what?
Magus? Yowie. Yowie!
Wow, Chris Amazy gasped at that answer
I think that might be a bad sign though because that usually means they
didn't think of it
DMN says that guy needs
to get laid, says DMN. Let's see if there's any matches here in studio
DarkSakura, what was your answer? A good ass-hammering
A good ass-hammering. Is that a match with to get laid?
yeah to match with to get laid do you think it's book it do you think it's no
cuz actually honestly it's a half point on the yaoi side because he would be the
recipient instead of watching it let's give a half point to each we'll give a
half point to each how's that sound why only point to either one yeah let's do
that is actually getting laid that is technically getting late all right well
this is getting laid none well we'll have to give it to DMN sorry maggots but
we'll give you a half point unless they've got a mirror up or something
Alright.
But I didn't specify.
That's the ruling of the judges.
So be it.
Loki.
Um.
He needs to get shot in the face because, wow!
Shot in the face.
Don't hold back, Loki.
Well, that's because, you know, Jack Thompson says all gamers need...
Oh!
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Good.
That'd be irony right there.
Good justification.
Alright.
Um.
Not a match, though.
My answer was man.
Does Adam Sessler need...personality was my answer.
Personality.
unfortunately not a match
state enough period was he talked with the big c
it's adam sessler man does he need to sit on a tack to sit on a tack
with that count with getting laid out of it i don't i don't think it back in
this year we
maybe
it maybe it would count if it was sex with kevin pereira but i'll bump
all right i think that i i'm sorry kevin i didn't mean it
You're still cute. Alright, Chris.
I actually said butt sex, which is...
Butt sex would yow with to get laid, so...
Come on, come on, come on. That would be yow. Yes, yes.
I was thinking of yow, but...
Okay, okay. So we'll give 23 Magus another half point. So Magus has two points...
It doesn't involve a paddle, does it?
Magus has two points and DMN has four.
What?
DMN is on it tonight.
DMN is on it tonight. Alright, you have one...
Surprise is butt sex!
You have one more chance
Magus, you ready? Here it is, the last question.
Did you hear about yet another
new flap on the Wii? When asked for comment our dear pal Reggie told us
Oh, that last compartment. That's where you can store the blank.
Celebrities are thinking. Ding! Jinks.
Uh, Loki? Was that a ding? Ding. Alright, a ding. I'm just waiting on our, uh, chatroom
player there. Magus, don't give us your answer, but do you have one?
Yep.
You gonna get two points with it? Because that's what you need.
I don't know, can I?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, don't get smart with me, asshole, or you're gonna lose this game.
Hey, someone has to be smarter around here.
Oh, here we go, here it is, fifth question.
Did you hear about yet another new flap on the Wii?
When asked for comment, our dear pal Reggie told us, oh that last compartment, that's
where you can store the trans vibrator.
Okay, let's see
DMN says that's where you can store the saved money get it because the we see ah
Good answer good answer, but may not match because we're idiots apparently Dark Sakura. What'd you say lube?
You need some loop for your we
I don't know what you got planned for your we Dark Sakura. Okay, uh Loki
Where would a match game be without this answer?
That last compartment is the story of the Iraqi suicide babies.
I was in on that joke when it started.
Oh my god, that joke is like a hundred episodes old, literally.
Wow, like nobody listening tonight is going to get that because all our old listeners are coming up.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hold on a second.
Yeah, we have our grandpa in our contest right now, Magus.
Young whippersnappers?
Alright.
Bite my ass.
Here we go. My answer was
that's where you can store the weed.
You put your weed in there.
You put your weed in there. Get it?
Weed.
Meganzie. Lesbian porn. Lesbian porn. Not a match.
Chris. Drugs. Drugs!
Unfortunately, no points scored there, so let's look at the scoreboard and tally it
up.
Magus, you have two points, which is very good for Orange Lawn's Radio Match Game to
even get on the damn scoreboard.
So you should be very proud of your effort, but unfortunately, DMN kicked your butt by
scoring four points.
He broke the record.
Yeah, he broke the record.
The record was two and a half.
All right, congratulations DMN, you're a winner and you get a space in our top eight
on Myspace.
Bump Freeze Pop for you, because they have like 11 billion friends, they don't need
anymore.
Magus, you get a clump of dirt as the runner-up prize, and we'll give that to you at the
next show, okay?
We've dusted in your backyard.
Well, fine, no special gifts for you guys.
Alright.
Magus, anything you want to say while we have you on the line?
It's on, DMN.
Another time, another place, it's on.
Did you have fun on tonight's program?
Oh yeah, even though I did get served.
You did get served, I'm sorry to say.
I have fun and enjoy the dirt
Yes, dirt is good. All right. I hear it's it. I hear it's a growing investment
Hey dirt gator. Yeah, it's gay dirt because we all touched it. Oh, all right. Bye
No, no, all right
He gets a good old-fashioned orange lounge hanging up on at the end there for playing there
All right, so DMN is gonna earn a space in our top eight. What did you guys think?
Okay, I'm curious because we haven't done the game in a long time and our podcast audience hasn't really gotten to see the game
So I'm curious what what'd you guys think of the game? Was that fun? Was it stupid?
Was it a waste of your time? Give us feedback in chat and in mailbag. That's old-school ORR for you
It was a fun stupid waste of time
But anyway, we do still have a little more gaming news before we finish up the show
And of course, we're gonna open up the skype line very soon for your general calls. Loki. Yes
speaking of games and
Anyways, we got to talk about Sony again
Why because we have to and we got to talk about the PSP and we got to talk about firmware updates
Because with PSP's firmware 2.8, there are some more problems.
Not only is it Sony's latest attempt to stop Homebrew on the PSP, but guess what?
You may not be able to browse certain websites because now the brand new web browser not
only allows the developer to use the site to obtain specific information on how you
got to their website. More importantly, they can check what firmware you have and deny
you access based on that.
I have a suggestion for the homebrew websites then. Put a keyword on your site that says
porcupine. Whenever anyone puts in porcupine, it brings up homebrew games.
And all the information on porcupine she ever wanted to know.
Put in porcupine in video game and there you go.
So, but I mean
I assume that this is only for like manufacturer
websites or something like that. You know stuff that's pertaining to games.
You know official sites and that kind of thing. Probably not gonna be if you're running
Flash games or something like that. Probably not gonna run into a problem with this. But
still I mean come on. What more do they really need to do
to block stuff, I mean the web browser sucks as it is, and do we really need to deny people
more browsing on there? I don't know. More than likely anyways we wouldn't be able to
pull up the page you're trying to block anyways, so whatever.
Alright, well I have one more story there, are you going to upgrade Loki? Or screw it,
I've got two, so yeah I can, okay. Alright we've got one more story for you guys, and
then we're gonna open up the skype line for general feedback so you can start
hammering away there the username is orange lounge radio or you can always
call us on the landline nine one six two two six ninety sixty seven but please
keep in mind that's a toll call it's not an 800 call so if you're not paying the
bill mom is gonna get very angry with you says Meg Z and like less last night
all right sorry let's uh I want to do a story real quick here on dead or alive
There are some new details, and of course our in-house lesbians would love to hear some more details on Dead or Alive Xtreme 2, right?
It sounds like it will be playable at the Tokyo Game Show, and Japan's Famichu Magazine got a quick look at the game, and of course, you know, the trailer's online.
Excluding Beach Volleyball, the game engine is mostly complete.
For Beach Volleyball, we had the previous title, so we left it until the end.
left it until the end but since we're at last finishing up the other areas we're
at the point where it's about time we start making the new beach volleyball and
that comes from Itagaki. Let's see, the real mode of playing DOAX2 is the
vacation mode and this will string a bunch of games together. You start off
with a jet ski and an old camera. The camera takes pictures of the girls and
of course as you can imagine the jet skis uses jet skis so it's not going to be much
more than just volleyball, which is why they've dropped the name, Dead or Alive, and it looks
like Jamie is showing screenshots to our in-house lesbians.
What do you think of Dead or Alive Xtreme 2?
I just got a boner.
Even though I'm the gay guy and I'm fascinated with this game, I think it's great.
You're also talking to lesbians who happen to be in graphic arts and are taking art classes
and just the colors and the skin tones.
That's pretty...
Yeah, I got a bone.
All right, let's go to the Skype line and see what they have to say.
We love interacting with our listeners and we're going to take some phone calls right
now.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, can you hear me?
Yes, who is this?
This is NintendoManiac64, I haven't called in a while.
Hi NintendoManiac64, what's on your mind buddy?
A couple things. First off, Megsy
actually has a lot of similar interests to me, like she likes Nintendo games, and her opinion on
Sony is pretty much the same as mine. Sony, die.
So a NintendoManiac agrees with you, it loves the Nintendo and Sony can go die.
Yeah, Sony can suck my dick. Are you just trying to get points with the
lesbians?
What else is on your mind, buddy?
One thing I've been dying to ask you this, please don't hang up on me.
Hey, guy, what do you think about straight sex?
Try a joke that's not like 30 years old on this program.
I'm not going to hang up on you, but seriously, we have plenty of new jokes.
to tonight's match game there's a lot there for those that have no idea what
we're talking about you've got to go back to like an old to go episode back
when we're doing the podcast separately right one guitar hero first came out
fireball missus fail get all right yeah chat room is booing you so you better
say something in thoughtful right now to make up who needs TV when you have
YouTube indeed what it what is that what is there are there any gaming related
clips on YouTube that you want to point out?
I just thought of that.
All right.
I'm going to let you go, NintendoManiac64, but thanks for the call.
Okay.
All right.
Good job failing.
Boom!
Failed.
He's a nice kid, but seriously, leave the inside jokes.
Hello.
It's Raven's Dolphin.
Well, hi, Raven's Dolphin.
I hadn't even said hello yet, but hi.
How you doing?
What's on your mind?
more lesbians
you know what the lesbian gamers can have their own podcast as far as I'm
concerned
this reminds me of an episode of Raw, I'm sorry to bring up wrestling but
it just reminds me of like hot lesbian action just kissing and all kinds of
craziness
look I want this on the record we're not doing that we're making the
lesbian thing kind of a joke tonight because you know
if we did really have like a hot lesbian podcast people would be like oh my god
I've got a boner da da da
but the reality is is that what we're really trying to do here is that you
know we're just gamers
of all types shapes sizes sexualities colors religions
it's just about the games and we just let you know we poke fun at each other
for you know some of those
other stereotypes but I I love how this show can show
that there's all different types of gamers and we all get along
you know our chat room is very diverse so
that being said are you guys ever gonna make out tonight?
No, I'm kidding. Make out! It's radio. Alright, seriously, do you have anything gaming related you want to share?
Yeah, they were talking about the PSP being like a big paperweight.
Ah, what do you think? I think different. I love my PSP.
Why do you love your PSP? Well, I don't own an iPod
and the Apple Store didn't open up yet, so I'm still stuck with it
for a while. Yeah, like Chris is all, where do you live? I live in New Jersey.
they just don't understand. There's no
Apple Store in New Jersey? There is but it's like
two hours away and they're opening one on the boardwalk where I live
so it's like heaven finally. Oh okay.
So but you're not using it sounds like you don't really use your PSP as a
gaming device you use it as an MP3 player primarily.
Yeah I use it for everything mostly. Hmm interesting okay.
I'd like to kind of try to redeem myself about my
you know, comments about Sony, don't get me wrong, I hate them, but, uh, the, the PSP, uh, it's, it's a, it's a good system if you're looking for it to do all that stuff, but, since, but like...
But you, you're, you're straight up games. You want games.
Yeah, I want, if I'm gonna buy, if I'm gonna drop $250 on a gaming system, I want it to play games.
Alright, are you gonna buy Star Fox Command for the DS?
Maybe.
Are you a Star Fox fan?
Um, not so much.
Oh, okay.
But I can't wait to get my hands on that thing, I love it.
So you have a little love for DS and PSP then?
I do, I own two DS's and I own two DSP's.
Now you're just a hardcore nerd.
I like you!
Chris likes you.
I like you.
Oh yay, yay, love from lesbians, I'm not going to die happy.
By the way Raven's Dolphin, no offense, but that's the only time in your entire life you're
going to get a lesbian to say that to you, just so you know.
know what you're right treasure this moment forever and remember orange launch
radio brought it to you anything else you want to share with our listeners
yeah TV's dead and YouTube it's for porn YouTube it's for great stuff do you have
a good night ravens dolphin thank you YouTube all right blaze is coming up
with a really witty retort there about me bashing on nerds blaze sky again you
You are hosting a podcast about gaming.
Good point.
Good point.
I am pretty hardcore in my nerd-im.
Orensons Radio, who's this?
This is Black Boy, James.
Hi, Black Boy James.
What's on your mind?
I had a question about the PSP.
Okay, what did you want to know?
Their firmware updates, they include something else, like something to enhance the functionality
of the PSP, and I was just curious, was there anything like that with this update?
Loki, you're my man for the PSP updates.
What do you think?
Well 2.8 was video podcast RSS oh this is that one.
So you can watch the one up show on your PSP yippity yay hooray or you can watch hope is
emo which is a great which is a great podcast upgrade your PSP so you can watch hope is
emo.
Okay maybe maybe I'll do that or maybe me and Gregor will go find a pizza box to live
in.
All right, so does that sound worth it to you, black boy?
Not really.
I didn't think so.
Just use iTunes for your podcasting needs.
Yes, seriously.
I use my iPod for my podcasts.
Oh, you're fancy enough to own a color video iPod.
I'm too broke, unfortunately.
I have the old school one.
Yeah, I have an old school iPod.
It was like a smooth gift to myself.
I have Kristin's.
Anything else you wanted to share with our listeners?
I do, actually.
I wanted to say to your guests tonight that they get major love and win for being lesbians
and not frightening me.
You don't mind me saying, you're a gay gamer, correct?
I am.
I know that because you're on All Games Interactive all the time and they pick on you so horribly
for that.
I'm so sorry.
Every time I listen to freaking Ron, I cringe.
Anyway, no, I love Ron, but seriously, he needs to stop all the gay jokes.
I don't love Ron.
I know, we all do.
I can't wait to come back to Arena and have more Ron love.
Not like that!
Not like that!
I'd pay money for that.
Are you loving our friend Black Boy here?
I do.
Keep in mind, most of the extreme lesbian jokes that we've been doing have been just
that.
Just jokes.
We're fully clothed.
I know that's disappointing, but we are cuddling if you want to keep it.
But I like you.
Thank you. Alright. I like you too.
See, it's like that old rumor is being proven wrong tonight.
Lesbians and gays can get along. Who the hell started that?
My first boyfriend was gay and I loved him.
No, I think some of my boyfriends are probably gay too.
We gotta take some more calls here, try to get it back to games.
Thank you Black Boy for your call. We really appreciate it, okay?
Thank you. Tell the folks at Arena we said hi. I will.
later. Alright, let's go to one more call here on the Skype line.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Good evening, this is DMN.
DMN, congratulations on your match game win earlier this evening.
Yeah, apparently the 23rd Meg is once my neck now.
Well, he'll get over it. What did you all want to say tonight?
I am bitching about World of Warcraft.
Why? You're not a big fan of this new news?
Well, I've never been a fan of World of Warcraft.
Mainly more so because I've got a roommate who's very hardcore into it and I don't understand
why it takes them almost two years to release an update to the damn game when, you know,
pretty much everybody and their mom's at the highest level.
World of Warcraft though, it patches all the frickin' time.
Yeah, but there's a difference between a patch and an expansion, I mean patches just adjust
certain things and piss certain people off, you have an expansion it's a whole new way
of opening things up, if you just do a patch it's the same map.
There's nothing new.
But they're not changing anything with this DMN, they're only, I mean they're adding new
stuff that's going to have a slightly different spin to it.
True, but I don't see anything about it, they're saying, oh you can go up to level what, 70
now?
I'm like, I don't care, it's 10 more levels.
Druunami in our chat room, your good pal after tonight's match game battle says, WoW doesn't
end at 60, patches add content.
Okay, well like I said, I don't play it, so I don't know.
I just know the basics, I know 60's the highest, blah blah blah.
Is there any MMO you do enjoy?
Uh, Gunbound, but that's not really an MMO anymore.
But no, I'm not a huge fan of MMOs.
I'm intrigued by the, I guess, the society within them, but not a fan of playing them
now.
Alright.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
I am I was born in Wisconsin today so to hear somebody else from Wisconsin on the
show tonight was pretty freaking awesome
yay Wisconsin yay Wisconsin only not so much
bring me some cheese next time yeah I will
I brought Chris and Jamie cheese
I'm offering to give you something from the Nintendo Store
because I work there and stuff but yeah
Jamie's supposed to give me that info yeah I told you earlier that we need your
addressed to look at all the straight boys trying to get points to the
lesbians tonight
I'm trying to get points I'm just being a nice guy
I know you are a nice guy DMM we appreciate you calling in as always okay
alright take care guys have a good one buddy bye
well thank you guys so much for the calls tonight on Skype that was fun
and that's what it's all about so even though if you guys listening on the
internet are about to write us the hate mail
you guys don't talk about video games enough and you let your callers call in and
talk about lesbians and yowie. What is wrong with you people at Orange Land Radio? I hate
you. And I hate you, Skye. I hate you, Rob Roberts. I hope you die in a fire.
Well you know what? You can get in line behind G4.
I love you, Rob.
Thank you.
Rob. Rob. Rob.
Yes. What? What? What? What?
Rob. Rob. Rob.
What?
What?
Rob.
I'm gonna cut you.
Promise?
Oh, baby.
With that pyramid head plushie of love.
Ooh!
Any last minute stories tonight?
Loki.
Oh, I got one.
And then Darkstalker, you have one too?
Um, no.
Okay, well Loki then.
Okie dokie.
Of course, would it be without a show where we talk about what's coming out in Xbox Live's
arcade or demos?
Viva La Revolution, or better just cause, the demo's coming out on the 24th of August,
and actually the game looks pretty sweet, it's kind of Grand Theft Auto meets Far Cry
Another thing though is we know that the F.E.A.R. demo is coming soon and the rumor is it's
going to be in the next official Xbox magazine. The reason we know this is because somebody
who posted this on Xboxic.com noticed that their friend is playing the demo and showed
him on live playing the demo. So it is coming soon. Other news, of course, Atari has finally
picked up Bullet Witch to distribute it in the US. So that's always good because that
looked awesome. And then, of course, SHINee has announced that they're doing a free MMO
called Two Moons, which is supposed to be the most violent MMO to date, which is gonna
be awesome. And then, finally, the best part about this, you're gonna love this, um, according
to Game Daily Biz, uh, production company Project 51 has snatched up the rights to do
an anime version of Castlevania.
My god! I think three sets of panties just got wet.
All in that succession here.
Gross!
I don't know, did that get picked up by the mics? Could you folks hear that at home?
That just collective gas
of pure fanboy orgasm, or fangirl?
What is it? We also got one from Sauce. Wow.
Also, real quickly, I just want to cover this too.
There is a, this was actually reported on Kotaku.
There is a guy, a fanboy here, who's doing
a short film adaptation of Zombies Ate My Neighbors.
Yes! That person just wins the internet. You win your own slice of the internet
just for you.
And the adoration of lesbians everywhere. So that's pretty awesome. It says
It's basically part of this Project TV short film contest, and the competition is going
to be taking place, I guess, until September 1st, and there's going to be three rounds
of voting.
So, if you're interested in checking it out, you can actually find more information on
website Game First, who it looks like ran this story originally.
So it's gamefirst.com slash, um,
well, you can just find it on gamesfirst.com. It wasn't
posted too long ago. And check that out. The other thing... Wait, wait. A couple comments from
chat I want to share real quick before we get into too many topics. Tigerclaw says,
anime version of Castlevania. I read that Paul W.S. Anderson will direct the
live-action movie though. So,
like, Castlevania going to these different, these different franchises.
Wow.
Hey, there went the explicit guy.
Oh, anyway, one other quick thing. SSJ100Matt would like to say,
I haven't heard a gamergasm like that since Snake being in Smash Brothers.
A gamergasm, I love it.
Snakes on the game? Shit.
We, oh my god. Orange Lounge needs its own Wikipedia for these terms that
we're coining tonight.
Alright, anyway. Sorry, Logie. The last one I had,
I actually saw this last week and I'm trying to find the exact link I had
basically what it was is they were also doing
a live-action version this was also fan done of Devil May Cry
and it's being done by some Japanese guy so it was kind of neat
alright lots of fan service out there
so
Wow well tonight has certainly been a
oh I'm sorry Magsy! Magsy yes reporter in training for Orange Lawn Triadio
This isn't really news, but a couple weeks ago
Dark Sakura was
Talking told to give a shout out to one of my good friends who was in a car accident. I remember this. Yes
And I just wanted to give an update is that she's perfectly fine and she actually went home yesterday. Yeah, very cool
Yep, so Larissa Larissa is back home. All right doing just fine. She made a full recovery
no nothing psychological or weird or anything so great let's give a big shout
out to the twins right now though the twins Corinne and Larissa and Corinne
all right are they gamers oh yes they are they're they're big gamers so what
you deviantART buddies what do you what do you think they'll be playing right
now they're playing Animal Hearts 2 well Animal Crossing 2 yeah Kingdom Hearts 2
and Animal Crossing is it about girls on we will explain that keep them off the
year.
Alright.
Our chat room wants us to mention the Grand Theft Auto Coca Cola ad.
If you haven't seen this on YouTube, it's kind of interesting.
We were watching this just before the show tonight.
There's this CGI ad, it's like a coke ad with the Grand Theft Auto characters.
It's kind of interesting.
Check it out on YouTube if you want to.
I was going to mention something about that Devil May Cry short film that's being done.
You can actually, the director has a Myspace page if you want to check it out, Myspace.com
slash shadow motion pictures.
So check it out.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it for tonight's program.
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Meg Z, thank you so much for being here all the way from Wisconsin tonight and you know,
all joking aside about the lesbian, you're a very cool gamer gal, gamer in general, and
have fun with the Wii when it comes out and let us know how Durgis' service is.
Oh, I will.
final thought, any last message you want to give to our listeners?
Ken Kutaragi needs
a helmet and some oven mitts and needs to ride the small bus.
Very well put.
Is that it? GameStop for the win.
Chris, likewise, thank you so much for being here and
represent the gamer girls very well. Appreciate it. For your final thought.
Um, Orange Dance Radio is full of awesome and win.
and awesome-sauce. Thank you. All your listeners are actually really, really cool.
Yeah. We do have some great listeners. They were very, very patient with all of our really stupid lesbian
jokes. Fangirl lesbian. So thank you all. You guys all deserve
your own piece of the win internet. Alright. I love everybody.
Dark soccer, your final thought? As always, reject false icons.
And number two...
Did you see the shampoo I sent you?
It's made for very fine hair.
And if you fancy, I love you.
Don't punch!
Say thank you.
And my final thought is...
You put your weed in there.
Loki.
Your final thought.
My final thought is...
I want to play more Dead Rising, but people want me to play more ChromeHounds.
Decisions, decisions. Good luck in the tournament. We'll be cheering you on.
Oh yeah, thank you guys. Thank you very much for nominating me for this tournament.
For not even having a team. You know what? You know what? I say, screw it.
Let's figure out a way to get Chris and Megzi and two other lesbian gamers
and we'll just have the giggling lesbian squad go up against him.
Yes, yeah right. We'll kick ass.
We'll kick so much ass with our giggles.
okay okay I'll get it because all the straight guys from all games and gamer
isn't he we'll have such big boner hey they won't be able to play I'll take
them bounce around I will take them on one-on-one but now this foreign
four-craft is ridiculous it says since they didn't agree I didn't agree to do
any sort of date I said I want to play these guys I never said you know just
take one for the team Loki now you're being a woman all right whatever
thanks everybody so much for listening and tuning in supporting in an internet
Even on a crazy night like tonight the fact that you guys are sticking with orange lounge radio means you two are made of
Win an awesome, and we love you for it. Thanks so much
We'll see you next week for orange lounge one nine six dark soccer is not going to be here next week. That's right
I'm going to be at Disneyland having a big massive
Disneyland, Mississippi orgy which means
Boys take control of orange lounge radio, which means once again enjoy it while it lasts all right
Thank you guys so much, have a great week, we'll see you next time.
You
