Tonight, August 6th, 2006, Xbox Live Arcade is going to get a really big PlayStation game,
Two big game companies post big losses, and do video games cause teen pregnancy?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hey everybody, this is Loki. Joining us once again, we have another week of wonderful game news.
This is August 6th, and well, we have a wonderful show for you guys tonight, especially when we're not giggling.
Joining us, as always, we have the wonderful DarkSakra.
Of course I'm wonderful.
And I'm also really hot today.
Because the AC doesn't get in this room.
And normally introducing us, the wonderful Sky.
Hi, I'm not allowed to do the intro anymore on this program, because this is what, Take
4?
Take 5?
Something like that?
That's alright.
Yeah, I'm no longer allowed to do the intro on Orange Launch Radio.
Well, you can take it from here.
I'm not hurt.
Alright, thank you very much.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and all that fun stuff.
Let's start it off.
Let's get right into it.
We've had a lot of pre-show antics for those that listen live to us on Sunday nights.
If you want to get in on the live experience, you can always tune in to us.
It's orangeloungeradio.com.
We tape Sunday nights at 6 o'clock, although tonight, thanks to all our false starts, it's
more like 0636 right now.
We're finally getting into the show, but that's just all part of the live experience.
You can also hear us syndicated weekly on allgames.com,
our affiliate station.
That's Mondays at 5 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
And you get most of the same live stuff
that you do here on orangeontrader.com.
But of course, the podcast.
How can we forget the folks that listen to us on the podcast
feed?
You can always get that in iTunes, Podcast, Ali.
There's like a million places that you
can download our podcast all over the internet.
So check it out.
Anyway, let's get it started.
Let's talk about your gaming week and the type of stuff
you've been playing this week, the video games that have gotten your attention. Dark
Sakura. World of Warcraft. That's it? Animal Crossing. I mean, really, this week
has been a lot of preparation for other things. Dan went to some pinball party
in Concord, but I haven't heard how that went. Actually, no, I did play a whole lot
of Twilight Zone Pinball, but Dan's been working on the machine, so it's really,
it's been my usual stuff, however I am looking forward to Dead Rising, so yeah.
Did you play the demo no, I haven't I've been dizzy
But so you've just seen like the trailer and stuff. Yeah, I'm gonna set it for download tonight
Um, cool. Unfortunately, my work is wanting me to do another flyer for them art for free
So like over time now, no, I don't get paid for it sadly, but it does go in my portfolio. That's good
There's something for it. All right, how's World of Warcraft going? I'm a level 8. Whoo
Slowly but surely wins the race. No, I play like an hour every so often just when I'm like, oh I have an hour
Well, plus, I noticed you like to get on there and screw around, too.
Yeah.
Like you'll be dancing out in the village and all that stuff.
I remember one time I logged in and my character on World of Warcraft is female
because people give you stuff more when you're female.
And it was myself and DarkSakura and Chiara, right?
We were all playing.
Yeah.
It was Chiara.
And we were all dancing.
The three zombie ladies were all dancing.
She's listening right now.
Hi, Sauce.
Hello.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was good.
demos. I was playing more of Saints Row and managed to get myself outside the boundaries
of the demo, which is also fun, where they have an AK there. And I played Dead Rising
Demo a little bit. That game, you know, the demo didn't really hold my interest too long
just because it's just such a small section of the mall and I mean there's not really
anything you can do. I mean, it's only, it's 15 minutes timed as well. So, but it's, it's
fun. I mean, don't get me wrong, I've been buying the game, you know, in a couple days,
but it's just, you know, for a demo, it's okay. I'm not having as much fun as I did
with Saints Row Saints Row, it's just fun. And then on top of all that, I actually haven't
bought Street Fighter II, just because I don't really want to. I don't know. It doesn't seem
like something I'd like. I'll wait for Pac-Man this week, I guess. I don't know why the hell
I'd buy Pac-Man, but Nelly will probably want to play or something. And then, uh, more Grand
Theft Auto Liberty City stories. We're really getting frustrated with it. We're, eh, need
to get the new one, which is coming out early October, so. Hoping, you know, hearing some
good things on it, they're going to have Jet Ski as a new one, which is awesome. You can
swim, so that's also good, and, um, should be pretty cool. Alright, say hello as well
to our very special guest although I don't know the special things wearing
off because this is what like the third week in a row I don't know but say hello
to what are you changing your name to Drew Nami now officially or what's
what's the deal trying to do a handle change all right then Drew Nami it is
yeah the artist formerly known as 23rd Magus yeah what's on your mind not much
I've been in hotel for most of the week so I've been playing a lot of DS games a
lot of been replaying Phoenix right again a little Animal Crossing wild
world um actually that's about it a little guilty pleasure of uh yugioh nightmare troubadour
other than that not much to speak of for my gaming week it's kind of sad but next week
i'll be back to world of warcraft all right sounds good uh my gaming week you know what surprisingly
i haven't been playing a lot of world of warcraft because oh and the the wow players are gonna get
pissed at me for this but i don't care uh i i decided to check out guild wars for the first
I haven't played Guild Wars in like, gosh, probably like a year and a half.
It's been a long, long time since I've played Guild Wars.
But I remember that Guild Wars, one of the perks about it is that you don't pay a monthly fee for it, so I can do that.
I can just decide to log in and play again.
So I decided to do that.
I just fired it up and played, and it's interesting.
Lots changed because I haven't played ever since they rolled out the Factions expansion,
and they really changed the interface and everything when Factions rolled out, I guess.
But I created a new character.
I started to do it, I think I'm a necromancer slash monk.
And I'm having fun with it.
The graphics in that game are really nice.
I love the fact that, just like World of Warcraft, you can
do windowed full screen.
It's seamless.
It's easy.
The graphics are really nice, no matter which way you're
playing it.
Gives you a lot of control over the
video elements as well.
Gameplay style is very similar to that of World of
Warcraft, except you're limited to how many skills you
can take out on the field at a time.
And of course the biggest change is the fact that, you know, for those you guys that do
play WoW, it's almost like the entire world is like an instance.
You're only around other people when you're in towns, and if you choose to go out with
other people into the world, then you get your own copy of the world.
So it's kind of interesting.
I don't know how long I'm going to play it.
I don't know if I'm, you know, we'll see.
I guess it depends how many other people I can find that play it.
But the reason why I went on it is that some listeners were saying, hey, you should get
it back on Guild Wars.
So I'm like, okay, I'll check it out.
So there I am.
So maybe we'll start an O.L. Army Guild there.
I don't know.
Otherwise, I've been playing Prey a little more.
Just trying to make my way through that slowly but surely.
And Street Fighter 2 hit the arcade this week, and of course I had to download the demo for
that.
Or no, download the...
I actually downloaded the full game.
I didn't download the demo, I just got the game.
And it's pretty good.
I know a lot of people have been knocking it for the lag online, but to be honest, I
haven't had a lot of problems with lag.
Like I mean, I have played one or two laggy matches, but I've had way worse in Dead or
are alive for, so maybe I'm just lucky, I don't know, or the fact that there's so many
people on Street Fighter 2 right now, maybe it's just not that bad.
You know, it is what it is, it's Street Fighter 2, there's not a lot of frills, I mean sure
there's the quarter mode, which is okay, but it's not as great as you'd think, and of course
it has, you know, the achievements, granted I know there's been problems with people that
want to quit out when they don't win a match, but truthfully I haven't had that problem,
I haven't had anybody quit on me when I beat them, and of course I do beat a lot of people
on Xbox.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm about half and half.
I probably have as many wins as losses.
You shunned them to death, Rob.
You shunned them to death.
I have about half as many.
I have equal wins and losses, about 50-50, and I haven't had a problem with that.
If somebody did do that to me, I would totally leave them the feedback that says they quit
early because 360 has that where you can leave the feedback, and I just block them, so I
wouldn't get matched with them again.
You can do that feature, too, where you put the little frowny face next to their name,
and then it won't match you with them in the future.
I've had pretty good luck with my online on Street Fighter, so I'm very happy about that.
I think it's good.
I think for $10 it's a decent value, but at the same time, if you have a Super Nintendo
still hooked up and a Street Fighter cartridge, I don't know if this is going to be good for
you, because you already have the game.
And here's the other thing to keep in mind.
Street Fighter II on Xbox Live has the arcade default difficulty.
And remember, the arcade machine was designed to suck away your quarters.
So a lot of people have complained, oh the difficulty, the difficulty is so hard, it's
a hard game.
Well, it's the default arcade difficulty, which was kind of hard to begin with.
I think a lot of people went from Super Nintendo Street Fighter II or Genesis Street Fighter
II, which default difficulty was much easier, and then went on to this and thought, oh my
gosh, I'm getting my butt kicked.
Well, keep in mind, and not only was it Street Fighter II, it was Street Fighter II Hyper
Fighting.
So it was, I think, above and beyond designed to be a little tougher because that game came
out after Street Fighter 2 was already a great success and lots of people were kicking each
other's butts on it.
On the plus side though, if you had experience with anniversary collection, that defaulted
to arcade difficulty as well.
So if you had experience with the PS2 collection, then you should have no problem with the Xbox
Live version.
Good point.
But at the same time, if you had the PS2 collection, you're already playing Street Fighter 2 online
anyway, right?
No, anniversary collection didn't have online play.
One of them went online.
It must have been Xbox.
Because one of them went online.
Yeah, Xbox I think.
Dreamcast the matching service ones yeah yeah so I if I recall was a bitch to set
up if you come into that if you guys have that then I don't know if there's
gonna be a lot here for you you know because you're already playing Street
Fighter 2 online but you know it's it's it's certainly a ton of people are on
there right now I I I've only one time gotten the same person back-to-back I
get a lot of different people and I don't have to wait long for a match at
all it's really quick so all right well let's get into tonight's gaming news
actually wait quick some housekeeping because I actually have a street
fighter 2 related thing in our housekeeping tonight something I want to
mention it's going on over at all games dot-com which is our you know affiliate
site that broadcasts us on Mondays at 5 Pacific Standard Time all games is doing
a big Street Fighter 2 tournament over there and they've got room for quite a
few people so it's us and I believe Bobby Blackwolf and all games interactive
We're all kind of coming together to try and get people in on this tournament.
So it's kind of like a Voltron tournament, so to speak, where we're all coming together
to form a giant monster of a tournament.
So we're going to be holding this big Street Fighter II tournament.
No cost to enter, it's just sign up, have fun with it, and I believe there are prizes
involved as well.
I believe they're giving away your choice of a Street Fighter II figure as well as an
all-games t-shirt.
So hey, something for nothing, you know, it's pretty cool.
So just sign up.
The only rule is that you have to have a valid gamer tag, of course, and everything is set
up okay in your allgames.com profile.
So please check that out.
You just register for the site.
They're not going to send you spam mail or anything like that.
We broadcast with them.
We trust them.
They're not going to do anything shady like that.
It's just about having fun.
So by all means, go over to allgames.com, click on where it says Tournaments, and check
out Street Fighter II.
And I entered the tournament myself, so possibly you will be playing against me in the first
round and probably taking me out in the first round because I'm not that good at Street
Fighter 2.
I'm okay, but I'm not that good.
So, we'll see.
I believe the way the rules work is it's three rounds, or I'm sorry, three matches.
It's best of three matches with three rounds a piece.
So, if you get screwed your first game, you still have two chances, so it's best two out
of three matches.
So, it gives you a fair chance, so that should be fun.
Let me introduce our chat room as well over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat.
Jeremy Todd won, who by the way is a listener that I actually fought on Street Fighter II
earlier this week, because he happens to be on my buddy list on Xbox Live.
And I beat him.
To be fair though, it was really close and he beat me one round, so it was a good match.
Sky or anyone else, when you do quick rank matches, do you ever get a timed out thing
and then have to try to find another person to fight?
Yes, I do get that.
I read some tip on one of the gaming blogs, I want to say it was Kotaku,
where you're supposed to be able, if you hit a button during that then you don't
get the time out. It's the Xbox guide button.
I don't know why that would have an effect on it. If it's counting down when it's doing the counting down
from five down, you just hit the Xbox guide button once and then hit it again
to basically kinda pop up your guide and then put it away
and then that'll allow it to connect. I don't know why.
But you know honestly it doesn't, it's so fast,
The whole process is so fast to get in there and do a quick match, it doesn't really bother
me.
Like, I heard some people the first day were getting like 10s and 20s of those in a row,
but my thing is, if that's happening to me, I would create a match and wait for someone
to join it.
Maybe that would be better, I don't know.
And I think to be honest, what it is, is it's just that everyone was hammering it in the
beginning.
It's going to get better as it goes along, and if there is a serious problem, they will
patch it, so.
Alright, so go represent the OL Army, you guys, over in the Street Fighter 2 tournament
on allgames.com and for those of you guys that are in our chatroom I noticed Bobby Blackwolf
is there and he posted a link right to the tournament page so check that out.
That's pretty much it for housekeeping, I don't think I have a whole lot else that's
on the agenda so let's get into tonight's news.
Well starting off with the news of course, probably the biggest news story of the week
and of course we covered it a little bit last week with E3 kind of going away as we know
it.
Well actually, it is going away as we knew it at the big huge convention, not going to
be happening anymore, but they're going to be toning it down a bit and kind of giving
you a new facelift.
It's going to be called the E3 Media Festival, it's going to take place still in L.A.,
tentatively planned.
They're talking about maybe two hotels there.
And what they're saying is they're going to be basically inviting, you know, members
of the press and big wigs in the retail business and stuff like that, you know, your CEOs at
Best Buy and stuff, to basically attend this thing. And it's going to be much lower key.
They're playing on just, you know, they're going to have the big press conferences like
they did this year and the other years, but it's not going to be the whole, you know,
if I work at GameStop or something like that, I can just get in. You're not going to be
able to. Definitely more intimate type of thing. And from the sounds of it, I know on
the video side they have a thing called VSDA which they're putting out with the EMA and
it's the same type of thing. It's for the video industry and it's also very low key
like that. It's always good because to be honest the E3 is just a clusterfuck of line
waiting and just you know a lot of behind closed door stuff anyway so it
could end up being good I would just have to see they're also saying that
they're going to be changing the date on it it's not going to be being held in
May it's going to actually be in July now response from our chat room here
over at orange launch rated comm click on chat zero cool says e3 media festival
worst effin' name ever.
Let's see, we also have
Pooh Eater says E3 watered down festival,
less fun, more talk.
And of course we have somebody from the east coast,
I'm assuming there, Yuri Lover,
saying digital life, this is where it's at.
As a lot of our New York City callers
were calling in about last week.
My only concern of this is the smaller press.
I'm just getting completely ignored.
And it's just like, E3 was a problem before.
I remember going up to certain people and stuff
they're like oh well it's like you know your media you've got the credentials to
get in the E3 as media but you know you're just not good enough for us to
you know have an interview it's kind of like that it's really stupid the way
they do it and I mean you know it's just a bad taste in your mouth after the
whole thing so I actually do have to admit I had to play up you know being
female a little some of the stuff I did Jeremy Todd one says for the people to
go to E3, it sucks for them, even for O-L-R.
What are they gonna do now then?
Well, I mean, we do consider ourselves
to be a legitimate media outlet.
We have a business license.
We're not, it's not like something we just started overnight.
We've been doing this for, by the time E3 next year
rolls around, five years at that point.
So we're hoping that we can still get in.
But we'll do our best.
What it comes down to, and my advice to anyone
that's thinking about their podcasters or whatnot,
just get in touch with your PR people at these companies the PR contacts are out
there you know sign up on site like gamespress.com
look at the bottom of press releases and make sure you're in constant contact with these
people
and basically be interested in what they have to say and that's it. Being in with
some of the big game companies might be the secret
to next year's E3 you know and and we might be lucky enough to have that I
don't know it just kinda depends
so I'm not gonna speculate until we know a little more about what E3 really is gonna be
next year. I'm not too concerned about E3 next year because it's my company, they were
in VIP retail last year and... Lucky you! Well, they get four invites and from what
I imagine there wasn't that many invites so it was a good portion of them and they said
that they're going to get the same thing next year so, well, one way or another we'll be
there but, you know, to be honest though, it's, like I said, it's behind the scenes
stuff and... Okay, so we've heard a lot about E3, you know, most people I imagine listening
this show probably read a lot about this on the internet last week so let's
change this a little bit and say what do you think you know having
you know you're being the E3 before reading all this and staying on top of this this week
what do you think
folks can realistically expect next year's E3? Well next year's E3
What is it going to be like? Next year's E3 is going to basically be press
you know conferences with companies. They're going to probably set up you know certain
almost like workshops or something like that where you set a time
and they basically preview the game and give you all the info
in your block like an hour or so. Like for example
kinda like what we do with the gamer days and like for you know when the companies
come into my company
they basically talk about the titles that are coming out, they show us
a bit of it, they tell us the selling points of it, and then they'll give you
either
you know in the case of E3 they'll probably give you some time to play with the game
or you know give you a press kit
or something like that and here's all the information that you need to know and
that's pretty much you know like going through some of the sites
or the companies that we went through that's pretty much the rundown is they
show you what the games are show you
you know what is gonna be really cool about them and unique and stuff
and then basically say okay here's the information that you're in need to
you report on this here you go and that's it it's gonna be very
they're not gonna have maybe a lot of playable demos because you know companies are
really
interrupts their production cycle because they have to create this
crank up this demo
you know, even though the game's not ready yet. And so, you're not gonna probably see a
lot of demos anymore. It's just gonna be, you know, press information.
That's why it's Media Festival.
Jamie, what do you think E3's gonna look like? What are you gonna see when you walk through
the doors of E3 2007, which hopefully you will be?
I'm pretty much in agreement with Loki. That's what it sounds like it's gonna be
developing into. So it's kinda like, um, it's a little more
controlled,
where the publishers will have control over, you know, the certain block of time
and sort of the crowd's attention or what have you?
well by doing that also that they uh... bypass a lot of the uh... overheard
stuff like his you know we
overheard some of the executive walk around talking about certain things to
it really controls the information given out
that's the you know what that's true i remember yet overhearing things
interesting because i remember e three this year we were walking right by some
activism people
and uh... you know they said this in public i have a problem repeating it
yet if you were talking about the purchase of red octane and they were
talking about like wow those were really I'm really glad we did that type that
you know they were they were saying oh that was a really good move and all that
stuff you know I thought that was just kind of interesting to overhear
something like that like should you should you be talking about that we're
all these people can hear you you know so it's interesting and I think it also
for some of the higher-ups that are there it actually protects them I think
from some of the crowd because for example I mean I saw Miyamoto last year
of this this year just freaking mobbed by people by different press and you
You know, it actually would be a more controlled way for some of the higher-ups within the
companies to make appearances, I think.
That's true, because, you know, at Konami Gamers' Day, there were a lot of, you know,
celeb-type things, especially, you know, for the music games, and the only people mobbing
them was us, but not even, you know, we're smart when we do it, we don't mob them, but,
you know.
You didn't drool as much as normal.
And there were, you know, big media people, TV people and stuff there, too, but, you know,
I think in a more controlled environment like that where you don't have the rampant fanboyism,
you know what I mean?
You kind of take the fanboys out and the people that are there for business, it was a lot
more controlled.
I was a rampant fanboy.
Well, yeah, but there's even a game journalist, you know, a game journalist is a game journalist,
hopefully in part because they truly enjoy video games.
And so there's something that they're going to get giddy about, whether they want to admit
it or not.
about, you know, appropriately conveying that and still being an unbiased journalist and
all that.
But that's another topic.
Well, it's like, what was it, the guy that heads up the DDR in Japan or something was
there watching people play Supernova and it was like, you know, you're thanking him.
It's like, this is awesome, you know, I love what you did with this, you know, and they
love it.
They love compliments like that.
We're getting Naoki this time, you know, something.
I would say my thought for what E3 is going to be next year, I think it's going to be
Kensha Hall in a hotel, but not the exact... I think it's gonna look like Kensha Hall
looks like, or they have like all the meeting rooms in the back
and then like the front or like a smaller booth, and I think take out the
people that used to be in Kensha Hall and plug in the bigger game companies,
and I think that's kind of what it's going to look like. If it's anything like
VSTA, which normally is the show floor is
hardly anything, it's all meetings with companies, and basically companies
will invite you know, hey we've got times you know for
meetings, you know, let us know when you want to come by. You know, sign up for a slot and
come by and we'll show you what our product is. And that's, I think, what's going to be.
I think they're really going to follow the model of VSTA, which is, like I said, it's
all meetings. It's all in like suites and they're all basically just, you know, one-on-one
contact with people and, you know, there are some stuff. Lots of parties though. They do
have parties so that's good you know so there'll be that but it's more or less
just one-on-one contact with your you know key retailers because to be honest
the way they see things they're all well why should I even bother with the small
press because you know it's a big press that gets the most views out there
anyways and they're the ones that have the most influence over what people buy
or you know how they feel about our games so what's it really matter that's
how they kind of unfortunately view things and you kind of to convince them
otherwise you're like hey you know what your mom-and-pop video stores out there
may not be a big part of the rental scene but they're still part of the
rental scene so you better pay attention to them.
Well let's hope that thought process carries over. We're screwed.
We'll see though. Anyway let's kind of move on here to another aspect of
this and that would be you know of course with E3 going down part of what
we were talking about last week is who's going to try and rise up and take that
that big video game showy crown away, and it looks like America's Video Game Expo might
be throwing down the gauntlet saying, hey, come to our show, we're a consumer-friendly
show.
And sure enough, the Lunar Tide Communications, who announced America's Video Game Expo,
has said, hey, it's a consumer-centric show, anyone's invited to this show.
And it will be taking place from October 27th through 29th at the Valley Forge Convention
Center right outside of Philadelphia, and if you're interested in checking it out, head
on over to www.VGExpo.com.
What I thought was most interesting about this is that they put out a press release
this week essentially saying, you know, it's really unfortunate what happened to E3, but
we invite you to come to our show.
So it's kind of interesting, and I know that some people we work closely with are going
to be involved in this too, because I think all games, and Bobby, are doing something
with this show.
I don't know the details as to that yet
because I don't think,
with unfortunately little notice being the end of October,
I'm not gonna be able to make it, maybe next year,
but I know they're doing something.
Maybe they'll have a booth or something, we'll see.
So what do you guys think?
Do you think we're gonna see more of this
where other companies are trying to step up and say,
hey, we wanna be the new E3?
Or do you think this show might be where it's at or what?
It's an opportunity to capitalize.
honestly is saying, hey, our one and only competition has decided to do something
stupid, I'm sorry, decided to do something different, and we're gonna hop in their
spot. We're gonna be the the big name. We're gonna, you know, rise to the
occasion. I think that that's exactly what's going on with that.
Hmm. All right, well if you guys want to check that out for yourself, www.vgexpo.com
and I won't be able to make it this year, and I don't think any of us can, but
October next year maybe end of October the problem is is the exact same weekend
I think as the New York City thing I'm doing but I'm not sure I'm doing why con
I don't think the wife would like me flying across country yeah Philadelphia
is a nice place though I've been there good times good times alrighty well um
to sort of give a little bit better news than the whole bummer e3 business
because everybody has been just buzzing on that um it looks like at Xbox Xbox
arcade is going to have the PlayStation 1 version of Castlevania Symphony of the
Night known in Japan as a Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight the direct
sequel to Dracula X for the PC Engine haha which actually makes me incredibly
happy because then I don't have to dust off my PlayStation collection every time
I want to play it but it will be on there saying early next year there's
also a lot of indication that it will be possibly emulated on the PSP and showing
up on Wii's virtual console.
So that's pretty cool.
Probably to be on Wii's virtual console.
I mean, that's the only weird thing about that,
because that was never on the Nintendo Switch.
Well, they're not saying they're going to do it.
It's just saying that the door is open for that possibility,
because it's a non-exclusive agreement.
Because I think a lot of people were saying,
well, wait a minute.
What about the whole backwards compatible PS1 on the PSP Ridge
Racer type thing that they were touting at Sony?
Does this mean that Konami's pulled out of that?
No, I don't think it does.
I think it just means, hey, they're
trying to milk this for all it's worth, you know, smart to me.
There's also, first quarter 2007, Frogger, Contra, Super Contra, Track and Field, Time
Pilot, and Scramble, and it's looking like they're the coin-op versions.
Well, Frogger, I think they're, oh yeah, I hope they're not releasing another Frogger
game.
No, no, I think it's just part of their, you know, scheme.
It is the old school arcade Frogger.
Right.
Which I still can't play if I'm not on roller skates.
What was I going to say about Castlevania?
I think it would be cool if they would
unlock some bonus content in the Xbox Live Arcade. Give it
something that the
PlayStation version never had. Like Maria, I don't know.
Just a thought. Because in the Saturn version you could play as Maria, right?
Yes, but she was supposed to be playable
in the original release.
What basically what the Saturn version is is the finished version because also there's a trick that you can do if
when you first run into the gates in the castle you jump back up and
jump down through this
Trap door you can knock the trapdoor down
You can get in the trapdoor if you get there fast enough and then it leads you to a save room
But in the Saturn version leads you to a whole new the underground
Conservatory I think hmm and
And I was doing a lot of reading that a lot of that, in fact, actually there's a voice sample if you have a viewer, sorry, a list of something to play the audio files of PlayStation where it has Maria saying who would have thought that such a little girl had so much energy when she's possessed by the succubus.
An ending that was supposed to be in the game, which actually I don't think is in the Saturn one because I've beaten it with Maria, which is actually kind of hard.
Well that would be kind of cool if they would like maybe realize that
storylines full potential in this Xbox Live Arcade release maybe.
One thing that I really liked on the Saturn one is that
I mean Symphony of the Night is supposed to be a direct sequel to Rondo of Blood
and it actually I think that it would be a really neat thing is that
if they can work it out to where they put like Rondo of Blood on the Wii
and then have as a special offering Symphony of the Night.
that would kick ass. I do remember that they did a script dump of the PlayStation version
of Symphony of the Night, and they had the fourth ending to it, which was supposedly
Maria's ending. Maria being possessed by the Succubus was one. Yeah, exactly. My only comment
is if they redub Symphony of the Night for Xbox Live, they're gonna kill it. The whole
cheesiness of the dub is sort of what sells it. Well, for any of our listeners, if you
want to see some of that the special stuff that's tucked away and there's
especially the sound files from a castlevania symphony of the night you
can go to castlevania dungeon and download those as well as see more stuff
about the rondo blood in case you aren't you know aren't lucky enough to have the
turbo graphics version what do you also for that text dump that I was talking
about you can find that on the game facts page for something I playstation
version what do you guys think about the fact that this is really the first game
that's going to be like a really big game, you know what I mean?
Like, not big in the sense, well I mean it is, like probably for me the greatest Playstation
game they ever did.
Epic, classic.
But, I mean big is in the sense of this is not just some 80's arcade game ported over,
you know what I mean?
Or this is not some little tiny, you know, cloning Clyde.
Not to knock those games, because they're good games, but you know, it's not some little
thing that was designed to be a little game, you know, flash game made big.
This is really the first CD game now downloadable.
This is the Holy Grail of Castlevania.
Well, it's one of the Holy Grails of the PlayStation era, and it's just very strange in a way.
I mean, it's exciting, but it's kind of weird.
What kind of precedent does this set for future Xbox Live Arcade, do you think?
Yeah, what's next?
What are we going to see next?
I don't know.
Who knows?
But I know there is a lot of stuff coming out, so definitely.
Mmm, like what? Like, you know, well, definitely, well, one of the things, you know, we had,
you know, Street Fighter II this week, which is one of the best selling, you know, titles
on Xbox Live Arcade, actually one of the fastest games selling right now, even beating out,
you know, Geometry Wars, which is pretty cool, but just a ton of stuff coming out. In fact,
we talked about some of this last week, you know, with, like, Alien Hominid and Castle
Crashers, but some of the other things that you can definitely look forward to, some Namco
on ports like Dig Dug, we even have like Paperboy,
Rally X, Root Beer Tapper, that's going to be pretty cool.
Sonic the Hedgehog High Speed which I think is a port of
the original Sonic the Hedgehog game. Of course from Konami
as mentioned before Super Contra and Contra.
Luminous Live of course is going to be coming out as well as Hoop World which is that
weird basketball kinda
I don't know, a role-playing game or something? By the way, Luminous Live will be that new
game that
on every post Major Nelson makes in his blog, now it'll be where the hell is
Luminous, because like it used to be where the hell is Street Fighter 2,
now it's gonna be where the hell is Luminous. Yeah, um, some of the other things though that are gonna be
coming out, um, there's gonna be a mini golf game which makes me happy,
um, that's pretty awesome. Of course, uh, Small Arms
gonna be coming out which is supposed to be just like, um,
what was it, Super Smash Brothers, so that should be pretty good.
Some ones I didn't, Track and Field, they actually have Track and Field on here.
Totem Ball, which we actually saw at E3, which is kind of weird because it used the live
vision camera as almost like an eye toy type of thing.
Of course, Texas Hold'em coming out, Ultimate Moral Combat 3, so that should be pretty cool.
And yeah, so just lots of good stuff.
Definitely going to be, they're saying that they might even be able to do, you know, one
a week to the end of the year.
said they've got 35 games ready so I'm just reading through the chat room here
before we go to the next story I was looking at DJ kibbles and bit says we
need zombie ate my neighbors on xbox live oh yeah yeah that's a very cult
classic there no we know what else we need Akari warriors zero yes we do zero
shock troopers zero cool says I'm not excited to watch a Madonna video while I
play luminous you know kind of knock in the hole you know video about what turn
Can't you turn them off?
Turn off the videos if you don't like it.
As we speculated when we first talked about Luminous Live here on the show, a lot of those
primo songs will probably be downloadable enhancements.
Now, before we get to the next story, tell me if you think this is a crazy idea or not.
What about an Xbox Live arcade game that could enhance a 360 title?
Like what about, let's say when Halo 3 comes out, that's going to be the must-own 360 game,
I'm sure.
about an arcade title that like you know was like a spin-off story or something
that a little card fighter you know I'm I'm I'm that's actually not a half bad
idea you know something that like by doing well in the spin-off you can
enhance okay you know what I'm thinking about when I say that like do you
remember yes that's exactly what I'm thinking about the pocket station
fantasy a like a download thing that's why I'm the child game yeah and a Sonic
adventure yeah any of that stuff wouldn't that be kind of interesting
like if xbox live arcade could be like a you know especially if they do this
whole we're going to link to your cell phone we're going to link to your
windows desktop you know by playing games maybe on those platforms you could
unlock tech it just just well what are you planning on doing anything with
Forza or for the to customize your cars on your Vista PC and then use them in
you know for the two I guess that's your DJ kibbles and bits has a good idea
Imagine a Halo that played like Gunstar Heroes.
No, they just need Gunstar Heroes Live.
There you go. They would wreck that. You know they'd wreck that. It's sad but true.
They would kill that.
Well, I do have some other good news.
Not as cool as Gunstar Heroes. Actually, it is pretty cool. Okay, what's that?
Well, you know there was that little law that
they passed in Minnesota that said that children can't buy
or rent rated M or adult only games. Well, it's been shut down as unconstitutional
like we all knew it would be. I seem to see this as a pattern
amongst all these laws that keep getting passed. They keep getting struck
down.
Well, they need to realize that it really needs to go, I think,
to more federal court because I believe that once it's passed three times in
federal court it becomes common law.
Or, to be honest, I don't remember the exact
Latin term that they use in legal circles
But I do believe that it has to pass three times in a federal court for it to become a common judgment
Where these court cases that usually end up being thrown out well
You know once they try to bring in laws like this, but they should really learn
I mean it's happened in so many places now. We're easy. Oh children. Can't do this well
Where's the you know constitutional press president for you to be able to do that?
You know
But yeah, they said that basically there was a lack of evidence showing that video game violence was harmful to children. So it was
It was actually
overturned
to quote also
Judge Rosenbaum who overturned it said is it impossible to determine from the data presented whether violent video games cause violence or whether violent
Individuals are attracted to violent video games. I
I thought that was a very good point as I mean your general pacifist person it
isn't necessarily going to be in to play in Halo you know they you may have your
completely docile person who loves their puzzle games but you know the I've known
people who were calm collected cool who just kick ass on on doom and it's always
the quiet ones it's always the quiet ones yeah I think about our buddy
Arcadian42, like one of the quietest guys I know, but a real butt-kicker on Sega games.
Amen to that.
However, you know, there is something really sad that I've seen pointed out, that while
all of this debate is going on, you know who has to suffer for it?
Taxpayers.
It comes out of their pocket.
So how long is it going to be until the people are going to say, hey, we're sick of paying
for your idiocy just don't you know send these through anymore stop wasting our
money but then again the majority of the taxpayers are also I mean if you look at
it statistically they're also the same people who are buying into this BS that
you know violent games cause violence so I think that just people need to start
thinking for themselves and not you know would you say it's a true statement the
video games cause violence in the weak minded I'm not saying that they're the
cause I'm saying it could be an influence but the weak-minded you know
need to be need to be hugged or something they need a little care extra
tender loving care you call me weak-minded I see this I see these looks
going back and forth here no I know you're talking about me relax you're
looking at me like you know it's always the quiet one no you know what I'm far
from quiet. I'm saying that like, I'll go ahead and define it this way, I think that
a violent video game can be an influence on somebody who does not have a more positive
influence otherwise. AKA parents who don't do their job. And in your case, in your case
Loki, you talk about killing and you talk about how you're going to run everybody over
on the road who can't drive, and sure you've done crazy things like, you know, your story
about eating the lamb burger and then wiping it off on the lamb, that whole thing, but
you don't actually act out on your, you know, murderous things, that's why you're not.
The way I figure it, if I kill a prostitute in Grand Theft Auto, that's one less prostitute
that's on the street.
I have saved society from that prostitute until she respawns again.
In the pixelated world of your Playstation, yes.
I'm doing the greater good, okay?
They're going to give you credit for having the mental fortitude to be able to tell fiction
from reality.
Otherwise you would not be on this program, and neither would he.
But honestly, I really think that, you know, when mass media is covering things like, you
know, children who play Doom who go out and blow away the school, they really need to
look at what type of home life were they living, did they have chemical imbalances, did their
parents abuse them, have they, you know, what's their major other influences be, do they,
you know.
I don't know if I want to go there but you know take the Columbine thing for
instance and how Doom was pretty quick to be blamed for that and then what was
it like Marilyn Manson all that stuff you know I think you learned an awful
lot about those kids lives and it just kind of sounded like it wasn't just the
game or just the music there was there was just a something way off balance I
think people like to look for an easy scapegoat people are looking for an easy
thing to blame they want theirs they want to be able to point fingers at
everything but the true cause of the problem and honestly in and I don't want
anyone to think that I am being an American or you know anything like that
but it is pretty much a very American thing to do I've noticed you know we
don't we do hear some of this in we do hear some of this in a lot of other
industrialized countries but at the same time we hear most of it coming from here
I think that's at least where you know in all of my reading where I've seen a
lot of it blame Canada no no no seriously I think about that song blame
Canada like you know in the movie South Park you know it was all about let's
blame something for the children you know being all foul-mouthed and potty
mouth so let's play let's blame Canada what I think that what I think and this
is I love Canada for the record I think it's a solution that would require a lot
of work but unfortunately people are not willing to put the work into changing
their themselves because they don't think there's anything wrong with them
in particular or anything wrong with how they think but overall I think there is
a general problem in how people you know on the issues that people focus on and
there's a general lack of accountability in the majority of individuals I think
over in this country. Gorilla says hey to cry like a baby and sue everyone that's
the American Way that coming from our chat room and it's sad but true. Gorilla
also asked the question what would Brian Boitano do? If he were here
today yes he would kick an ass or two because it's the American way that's
what Biden would do anyway speaking of crying like a baby one of the people
that was sponsoring the Minnesota anti games bill had some uns you know some
very choice words to say about the whole thing and she had she is sporting a very
stupid looking haircut I might add by the way. Anyways, her comment was, and I'm going
to quote this in the voice that I think would be best suited for her, the whole ruling defied
common sense. I'm so disappointed. The federal courts say we don't have the right to protect
our children, but we protect our children from other things. We don't let them smoke
or buy liquor. You score points in video games for how many women you rape and how many cops
to kill. How could that not affect them psychologically? So yeah, she's a whiny bitch. Anyways, but
I don't know. It's just these people don't understand why these bills keep getting overturned.
Maybe because they're not constitutional. Maybe because there's actually no proof that
any of this is true. And yeah, it's great that you're limiting them from buying things
that we know can harm them, um, but things that have been proven or not proven to harm
somebody, uh, you can't really protect them from that. So, oh well.
Magus, some thoughts, or Drewnami, sorry, some thoughts?
These people just need to stop already. I mean, yeah, we can tell the difference. You
might want to protect your kids, you know, the parents need to protect their kids because
they may not know any better but you know quit screwing the game buyers in
general giving us a bad name if you know quit being such a care bear let the
parents raise their children if you were Lord and over ruler of the entire world
what I forbid what would you yeah heaven help us all what would your solution be
to this problem of kids play video games and then think it's okay to act that out
in real life. If you're gonna blame anyone, blame the parents. Have the parents get sued,
not the game companies. Have the parents get sued for the damages. It's their responsibility.
It is their responsibility, however, the companies do have a right of responsibility in advertising
making sure that the information is fully out there. I think that there are cases of
misrepresentation, there are cases where the parents do not choose to be properly informed.
bullshit we have a rating system set up already hold on hold on I can't help but
think about like those episodes of Maury Povich where I'm seeing like you know
the the old moms that are on there with like the crazy ass kids you know one's
really deformed yeah no no no no no no no I'm talking about like you know that
I can't control my daughter she wants to dress like a hoe and she beats up
everybody at school that's your fault you know the people I'm beating up in
Grand Theft Auto I don't know that what about those kids that are past the point
and no return.
To start it this way, you do have to look in the origin of how a child, where I do believe
that children are born with a certain genetic predisposition towards some behaviors, I do
also think that a lot of behaviors are learned.
If you do not start from infancy, preparing them for, you know, living a responsible adult
life, then they're not going to be that way.
You have to start off with showing proper discipline,
with not letting them walk all over you, first of all,
because, I mean, if a kid's, honestly,
and I was like this when I was a kid,
if you give an inch, it'll take a mile.
I mean, but I honestly look at
a lot of the more well-adjusted ones,
the ones who don't need as much supervision,
and when you see the type of encouraging,
responsible lifestyle that most of my friends
who are more well-adjusted have grown up in.
they know their boundaries. However, if there is
a degree of, for lack of a better description, mental disturbance,
there are treatments available, you just have to be willing to
to offer it. Here's an interesting quote in our chat room, and let me get your guys'
reaction to this, and then we need to move on. Jonathan F. in our chat room over at
OrangeLunchRadio.com, click on chat, says,
companies should put a notice at every game startup to say
that they are not responsible for the actions of its players. What do you think of that
comment? That's a great idea. That's a smart move.
really do you think I mean I don't I don't disagree on it it's an
interesting idea I'm not saying it's a bad idea but
do they should they have to? Put the printing on them on the box
I always think you know I purchase of this game I always think about those
commercials like you know you see the commercials on TV where it's like you
know the
the driving around and doing the stunts what does it always say at the bottom
do not attempt at home and I'm thinking driver and professional course
duh well you know what they have to because the lawsuits I mean that's why
jackass in front of every single show and the movie and the trailer they have
to put you know don't try this at home we're you know professionals if you try
this you're gonna get hurt and possibly kill yourself we are not responsible for
any injury unfortunately people in the soo happy world that we're in we have to
remind them of the stupid things out there guess what fire hot you know ice
cold car dangerous I mean just you know stupid shit like that it's I don't know
That's how dumb America is.
Alright, one more thought, Jiranami.
Okay, you know how we have those disclaimers? People who have played MMOs get the disclaimers.
The whole ESRB disclaimer. Game experience may change during online play.
They're not, you know, the company is not responsible for its player base.
The player base is responsible for the player base.
I would hope game experience changes in online play because I play as a woman in MMOs.
Like I said, more free stuff.
That's your problem Rob all right anyway
Seriously, if you guys have a thought we'd love to hear from you mailbag at orange launch radio comm and we'll open up the mailbag
later in the program
But of course we open it up every week
So if you have a comment on this we'd love to hear from you guys and also there's always our chat room as well
Orange launch radio comm click on chat
Now now let's get into the teen pregnancy thing because it's kind of on the same lines
I bet a lot of you guys were giggling at the intro like we were earlier tonight when we heard about the whole you know
video games cause teen pregnancy.
I was serious when I said that.
Here it is.
There was an opinion piece that was on cantinerep.com that was addressing the high pregnancy rates
in students at this particular high school, Timkin High School, and basically what it
does is it places blame on all sorts of things, and it says here, here's a quote, whose fault
is it that more than 13% of Timkin's girls are with child?
Some would say fault finding isn't a fruitful exercise, but in this case, it's critical.
Suspects range from movies, TV, and video games to lazy parents and lax discipline.
Only one thing is sure, schools don't impregnate children.
I'd like to point out, by the way, the article said nothing about sex ed, birth control,
education, or anything like that.
To refute that, I actually did know somebody in Alabama who conceived her baby in the bathroom
at my high school.
That's crazy shit.
Wow.
So, yes, you school, and directly.
My thought is, though, how did somebody get the notion, and I think the reason why this
got picked up by some of the game blogs this week and why we're reporting on it now, how
did somebody get the notion that video games cause pregnancy?
Because I don't know about you, but video games is usually an experience by yourself,
unless it's mario party you know something like that lamb party
and last time i checked masturbation won't make you pregnant
it's all about rez
hahahaha
okay
i'm not even gonna say what just popped into my head
what popped into your head
transcontroller turkey baster
and more importantly why was she looking at me when she said it
I wasn't looking at you.
Oh shit.
You're frightening me now.
It's the new hair. She's made you a sexy beast.
Hey, I know all those chicks out there, they get totally hot and bothered when they see pixelated people having sex in games or pixelated nipples and stuff.
Yeah, your wife.
I know, she totally gets hot and bothered by all that shit. She has to jump on the cock right there.
You know what? Sex is overrated.
Of course I'm being sarcastic here, obviously.
I think that people just need to realize that there's
stuff other than sex to be interested in and stop blaming video games when
people decide to be horny bitches. Video games are responsible for every other of
society's ills. Why not blame them for this? Red Tracer taught me how to drive.
Just a friendly reminder, boys and girls. The following program is intended
for mature audiences.
OK, let me basically say something here.
If you've ever talked to any girlfriend out there that
has her boyfriend who's playing video games, what's
the biggest complaint?
He plays the video games, he doesn't pay attention to me.
I would say if anything, that video games, TV, and movies
reduce the amount of sex that you have rather than increase
anything.
Because I can tell you this much,
if there's a guy watching TV, or football,
or something like that, and this woman's
trying to get up on him he's like excuse me hon I'm trying to I'm trying to watch
the TV you know move over I mean that's kind of what it is this is kind of what
poo eaters saying in chat he said this right before you said that Loki video
games stop teen sex hold up baby I gotta pwn this noob stop touching me I remember
a g4 vodcast with a fake commercial touting World of Warcraft as a birth
control method and this is basically something funny actually came from a g4
podcast yeah it's amazing isn't it I know amazing you know new and exciting
and all right any other thoughts on the games and teen pregnancy yeah well guess
how many pregnant teens said the same thing yeah I would I would like to hear
from a pregnant tea I would like to hear from anyone seriously did the video game
cause you to get pregnant if so how but please don't go into graphic detail okay
we know how birds and bees work okay got nine months go all right you know all
All these stories about the, you know, video game bills and the people saying video games
cause pregnancy, it makes me a little angsty.
Does it make you angsty, Dark Sakura?
I'm always angsty.
What are you talking about?
Well, then you know what it means.
That it's time for a particular segment we love here at Orange Lounge Radio that we have
to do every single week, right?
Of course we do.
My FU of the week goes toward the traffic from uh, I'd have to say Vacaville to Davis.
I know I've been going to the Bay Area like every weekend now and coming back, but um,
It was really stupid and I thought it was maybe a car accident because you know people
are retarded.
They like to look at the car crashy and see the pretty lights go in the air but this is
just so many stupid people and the SUV drivers oh my god.
Do not buy an SUV unless you live in the boonies.
The end.
K thanks bye.
Logan!
A few to the illegal immigrants that were carrying down this shed that's next to my
apartment at 730 in the morning on Saturday because they didn't want to work late that
day.
And yeah, I don't know, it's really annoying to complain to my apartment complex and they
didn't really give a shit.
But yeah, the shed's been sitting here, they had it framed the foundation for about a year
now.
And now they're in a big hurry to tear this piece of shit down, so they had to do it early
in the morning because I believe you bastards weren't doing anything during the week, so
fuck them.
Judami?
F you to staying in a hotel, a hotel is my least favorite place to stay, period.
We have these idiot people one floor down, I so much as drop a water bottle, they make
a call up to the front desk and they've written to check us out, they can't throw us out but
they can check us out and the AC doesn't work right although it's welcome change
from the house and the beds suck so yeah F you to hotels learn to make a
comfy hotel and maybe I'll stay there I'd like to give an F you to downtown
San Francisco for smelling like pee amen
that's it I second that one mob all right back to the news thank you for the
mic there my guess anyways maybe we should call a magnami I'd like to
really quickly to clarify something in the chat room because they're saying I
said legal immigrants and you know that's maybe racist of me okay they had
their like ten-year-old son working on the job at the same time with these
other people so I don't think that's legal it is I do believe you have to be
at least 15 in the state for a work permit yeah that's sorry child labor
laws and such anyways speaking of illegal things Nintendo Microsoft are
being sued over controller patents and they're being sued by this company
called an escape who apparently has patents on such things as remote
controller with analog button 3d controller with vibration and game
controller with analog presser sensors, among other things.
What's funny though is this company, Anescape, hasn't made anything.
They just hold patents for a ton of shit, which is excellent.
And the kind of speculation around this is that this company, Anescape, is actually a
company made to basically sue people.
And what's funny is, this was actually, there was a comment by one of the people on Kotaku
which the story ran on by this guy named Baboon, and I think he sums it up pretty good.
It says,
Given that Nintendo 64 had an analog stick in 1996, and a patent describing it in 1999
won't be upheld in court.
As to why Anescape isn't suing Sony, this might have something to do with who owns Anescape.
Take a quick Google search and you'll get nothing but patent applications.
It's quite likely that Anascape is nothing but a shell company created to litigate.
Given how the US patent system works, any software electronic company is probably violating
at least a couple dozen patents here and there.
Most of those companies are just patenting everything they can just to be able to react
to another company's patent lawsuit.
All they have to do is dig in their list of patents for something that the plaintiff has
been doing and countersue.
The only sure way is to avoid a lawsuit trading is just to not make any product at all.
If you don't do anything other than patent stuff, you can't be breaking anyone else's
patents and chances are you'll be able to reach a settlement that gets you mucho dinero.
Interesting comments from our chat room here.
Some folks kind of feel the same way that probably this company is just set up to sue
people.
Eddie in chat says, these companies survive on lawsuits.
VX JasonXV says, I hate patent sporgers.
And Vic Powell kind of sums up my thoughts on this.
Geez, how many more no-name companies have patents for vibrating controllers?
Do we kind of already go here already?
Exactly, and here's the other thing too.
Why now?
Why, you know, if you've held this patent since 1999, why when, you know, the original
1064, you know, came out or whatever or when the PlayStation came out and stuff, why are
waiting until like five generations down the road before you start suing. That's the kind
of fishy part about it. I mean, it's like, you know, the whole thing like if Konami didn't
sue Roxor over, you know, DDR, if they let it go and stuff after a long time, then it
almost seems like there's nothing they can, they should be able to do about it, you know,
because you've allowed it to happen. It's kind of protecting your own asses, assets.
Yeah, I get it. All right, well, interesting. I guess we'll see what happens. Did you have
comment on I got nothing okay well speaking of a Nintendo there's actually
going to be some we news breaking in a light sick on August 23rd they have a
keynote at the games convention that should last for about an hour called we
prove our promise pun speaking of I'm glad even they can make fun of their own
own name oh and they're also there's a plan to show five new Wii games during
that event I wish we knew what games but I guess that's part of the secret we
will wait and see haha you're fired not spotters so fires where you're fired to
all right it'll be what do you what do you think they're gonna do you think
this is where we're gonna finally find out okay here's the date it's coming out
Here's the price all that good stuff. Yeah, because they're not a Tokyo game show. They're not doing space world this year
It's the last big convention before the launch, but I thought we weren't supposed to hear sell tell September
It's a goddamn week from September close enough
All right. Just thought I'd get that in there like, okay. We're a little early so sue us
We can do what we want. All right. Well, I I must express previously on the program
I had a little bit of disappointment that Mortal Kombat Armageddon was only coming out
for current-gen consoles.
It's only coming out for PlayStation 2 and Xbox, but actually there's been news this
week that it is actually coming out for the Nintendo Wii.
No word on how it's going to take advantage of the Wii's control scheme, but this would
be one more title that's going to be coming out.
There is a quote from the publisher, Our Chicago studio, under the direction of Ed
Boone, has been working extremely hard to make Armageddon stand out in a big way with
the inclusion of the entire Mortal Kombat character lineup, the Motor Kombat minigame,
which by the way is supposed to be like Mario Kart, it's going to be great, I just kind
of wish it was next gen, but whatever, a new conquest mode and several other innovative
gameplay additions that help keep the franchise at the top of its genre.
We're confident that Wii fans will truly appreciate the finished product when it's ready to hit
store shelves.
You hear it's also being packaged with Mortal Kombat 3?
Oh that's pretty cool.
You know what, but see, the only downside to this news, I think, for Midway is that,
at least for me, I was going to pick this up, even if it is on current gen, I was going
to pick it up, but now, I'm going to wait.
I'm going to wait and get the one on the Wii, because I just have this feeling that there'll
be something extra there, you know?
It's alright, they're both coming out in October anyways.
Well, maybe that one, but they're saying that Armageddon probably won't be out until early
2007, or do you think there's something...
Oh, maybe, I don't know, they're pouring...
Well, the GameCube one was delayed when they did not this one, but the last one.
What was it? Deception? Deception was delayed on GameCube.
I don't know. Whatever.
Well, a little bit more Wii news? Wii bits of news!
Okay.
Wii Wii bits of news.
It sounds like Ubi is going to be releasing seven Wii launch titles.
so it looks did they say what titles we do have a we do have a list of Far Cry
GT Pro Series Open Season Monster 4x4 World Circuit Rayman Raving
Rabbids and Red Steel is the list and Blazing Angels well that was also on the
list too yeah that's gonna be awesome um well these are all gonna come out launch
What when they say launch does that mean first quarter does that mean the day the wheeze on the shelves the all these games are?
Gonna hit they have wow
Didn't I make some bet on the show that there weren't gonna be more than 20 games when the system comes out
I think that yes, you did. I might be in trouble. We owe some money to somebody no
I think it was something to do a pudding or something, but wait wasn't
$150 I thought the deal was
It had to be first party game
I'm gonna have to go back and find the show where I made the bet cuz I think it was 20 first party games well
getting pretty close. I know, I'm starting to worry. I'm sure some listener's been keeping
track of that. Well anyways, another Ubisoft game that they kind of snuck under the radar
there. It was actually released on a French press release, and that would be Prince of
Persia. And they had it slated for probably in the United States in March 2007. So no
No idea whether it's going to be just a port of Prince of Persia, the Sands of Time, anything
from that series, but it should be interesting, I mean, I don't know, Prince of Persia had
a lot of swinging around stuff.
How about old school Prince of Persia?
You know, where I actually swing my sword, you know?
Maybe, I don't know, that'd be pretty cool.
Maybe a hidden game, who knows.
I was going to mention real quick another title that we had coming out, which I'm sure
he'll be reading about on all the major press sites later on this week, as the trend seems
to be. Anyways, I'm not sure if you're a big fan of fishing out there, but Rapala Pro,
what was it, Trophies is going to be coming out on the Wii and on the Xbox 360, well,
slated sort of in October, but you know, we'll have to wait and see, see when the actual
you know, games come out. So that is one title that you can look for so you can get your
fishing on your wiimote fishing I'm gonna have to eat the chat room is
commenting on the pudding thing and it was not dance naked in pudding that
would not happen on air I would not subject Loki and dark soccer to that it
was $250 worth pudding it no I want it was not that either it was like something
about a whole six-pack of pudding rubbing it on my chest or something on
live on air but I don't even know where that came from but that was the bet but
now they're not gonna be here for that show some folks are saying it was first
First party, some folks are saying it wasnt.
So Ill go back and dig up that show and figure it out.
So well see.
I want to mention this though regarding the price of the Wii, you know $250 a pudding
most people would say could also buy you a Wii.
However there is a possible leak to the price of the Wii and its coming through the most
oddest of places, 7-Eleven.
And no theyre not going to be selling the Wii console but theyre giving away some
prizes and some of them are going to include Wii consoles.
Well now, here's the deal.
Inside when you run a contest, you have to give the manufacturer's suggested retail
price or what have you of the console when you give it away.
And they're giving away 711, get it, Nintendo Wii consoles and they say the average retail
value is $299 US.
But I don't know, take this with a grain of salt, I think they speculated it, I think
they high balled it on purpose, and maybe it's because the cost of shipping is included
there and who knows what else.
I still think this is not the telltale end all be all sign of the WES prize.
So we'll see.
Come on, 7-Eleven?
No.
And I don't believe 7-Eleven would be the place that would announce that either.
7-Eleven probably has no guess, you know, just like the rest of us do.
The DMN in the chat room says it's approximate retail value, Rob, and that's correct.
It's the approximate retail value.
Who knows?
They're making an educated guess.
We'll see.
Educated or edumacated?
Probably a little of both.
Well, I have something that isn't an estimation.
These are actual release dates in the UK.
All right.
Our UK friends and pals, what are they getting?
Just a few releases.
Coming out on the 11th is Dark Star 1 for PC, Panzer Elite Action for Xbox, and Siphon
Filter Dark Mirror on PSP.
So one of the things to look forward to coming up though is on the 25th Dig Dug Digging Strike,
Reservoir Dogs on the 25th, that I think would be fairly interesting.
And there's a few really good ones coming out next month too, because they get Dance
factory in Star Fox Command.
I'm sorry, there's also some
cool, well not too much coming out in the US, but some good stuff though.
Well let's start with the Game Boy Advance. Games Explosion which is coming out
it's supposed to be a collection of card games and stuff. Rock'em Sock'em Robots
Woohoo. Super Robot Tyson
original generation which is supposed to be like a robot fighting game.
more of a strategy-fighting game. Anyways, on the PC, a bunch of no-name stuff, but my
favorite one on this list, though, is Pony Love, and I hope that's not what I think it
is. Anyways, so on PlayStation 2... Maybe it's a game for little girls who have My Little
Ponies, and you're making it and making it this sick, perverse thing that it doesn't
have to be. It has to be. Anyways, D1 Grand Prix is going to be coming out on PlayStation
to the official Drift racing game. Pirates of the Legend of the Black Buccaneer is going
to be coming out on the Playstation 2 as well, and of course, the best game of the week,
Dead Rising on the 360, which I will be hitting up and having a review for next week.
Undead.
Is that going to have online play?
Um, no.
Oh, that's a bummer.
But, I've got some more dates for ya.
Okay.
Also, one of those things that you're going to be hearing I'm sure on other sides later
on.
Oh, kind of like the whole, uh, uh, what was it, Rampage?
Oh, yeah, that's yeah that hit all those blogs this weekend
I'm thinking didn't we cover that like two weeks ago on the program. Mm-hmm
So here's the story you're gonna hear about in two weeks everywhere else exactly folks anyways
Well, this is gonna have to do with some wonderful take two games and the take two games. I'm talking about of course our
darkness and Bioshock
Which are going to be coming out actually?
next year
2007 on
around April 5th, so check those out. That's gonna be pretty cool. Also for you music gaming fans,
I'll have you know that we have the date now for Guitar Hero 2,
which is going to be coming out on November 8th.
So check that out then. Also, which was also announced this week, Fusion Frenzy 2 coming out October 31st.
It's going to be retailing for about $49.99 as well.
And another thing that you might not have heard yet those Microsoft first-party games that were launched for the 360
They have dropped down the dirt cheap project Gotham Racing 3 cameo
And perfect dark zero now all retail for $29.99 as of now as of last week about Wednesday
Really, but why didn't if that's the case if they dropped on Wednesday, why isn't anyone else pick this up yet? Because I'm
Smooth like that. Okay. I hope you're right
Otherwise, regardless, October and November are getting to be huge, huge release months,
which is typical.
But, you know, we've got a lot of big titles coming out in October.
Well, hell, the Wii might be coming out in October, so we're still pretty convinced.
And then we've got, you know, September, just tons and tons, or...
September's not too bad.
Hello, November!
Tons and tons and tons of stuff.
Yeah, November's pre-packed.
We're gearing up, folks.
We're getting closer and closer to some busy, busy, busy time for gaming.
One thing that won't be busy though much longer are some of EA's servers.
They're shutting down the servers for some of the old games and the good news is though
it's mostly sports titles and I'm not trying to rub it in the sports fan's faces but the
deal is that sports titles tend to cycle and they re-release games and they figure most
people upgrade so there's not a lot of people that want to play the 2005 titles anymore
and that's the brunt of what's getting shut down.
For instance, if you're a FIFA Soccer 2005 player, you're not going to be around much
longer.
Buy the new game.
Seriously, World Cup 2006 was like $29 bucks.
I mean, come on.
NCAA March Madness 2005, NBA Live 2005, and NBA Street version 3.
NCAA Football 2005, NHL 2005, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005, and UEFA Champions League 2004-2005.
All those games are getting shut off pretty soon.
By the way, on October 1, 2006, Madden 2005 is going to be closing as well as NFL Street
2 Unleashed.
I should also mention one big title I left out there, Need for Speed Underground 2 has
also had their servers shut down.
So if you're a fan of playing those older games, unfortunately, time to upgrade to the
newer games.
And to be really honest, I don't think anyone's playing those games online anymore.
I mean, I don't know if you've ever tried to go play some older games on like multiplayer and stuff. There's no one on
Yeah, so it's probably not going to be missed
But anyways, although you know
There's a couple people that are holding out that are holding on to those titles and you know
The one or two people that are still playing them and they're gonna be pissed
Write us angry emails. I don't know
awesome
Well, speaking of some hate going around, which is sad, apparently LocoRoco sucks in
Japan.
Yeah.
LocoRoco is biting the big one.
No one likes it.
Yeah, they actually advertised the hell out of this game.
Sony thought it was going to be really cool.
Their website was really cool.
And well, when it went on sale on July 13th, it sort of was like, ehhh.
So yeah, the critics were saying that it wasn't huge.
It's hit bargain bins already.
They packaged it with PSPs.
It wasn't what they thought it was going to be.
They thought it was going to be the next Katamari Damacy and it wasn't.
Do you think it's because they tried too hard?
The thing is that they didn't try to make Katamari Damacy a success.
In fact, it almost seems like they wrote that title off,
because it was a 1999 release, and it was just
released under the table, practically,
and became something huge.
But Loco Roco, especially in Japan,
they really pushed to try and make it the next Katamari.
This is what I call the snakes on the plane syndrome.
You can't force something to be a cult title.
You release it, and people like it.
Then it becomes a cult title.
Well, even the critics were saying
that they should have let it go as a sleeper,
let it sneak out into the market.
People go, oh, LocoRoco!
You know, I honestly, I hope that, you know,
they actually look at that tactic for a release over here,
because I think it really...
Do you think LocoRoco has a chance
for more success here than in Japan?
Because I've heard a lot of good things about it here.
I love LocoRoco.
I mean, I've played the hell out of the demo.
I think if they released it at the right price point,
it'd be good, like if it was $19.99 or something like that.
It's it was a fun demo and stuff, but you know what?
I don't think it's gonna keep me interested as long as like say, you know Scarface
Which is coming out later that month or Godfather, which is also coming out later that month
However, depending what you're into I sat with Loco Rocco with the demo for an hour screaming at it
Well, they also have Capcom puzzle world coming out in September as well the same time around as Loco Rocco. So
You know what? I played the demo at E3 and I wasn't feeling it.
I'm still going to get LocoRoco.
No, LocoRoco was cool. I was talking about Capcom Puzzle World.
I was really close to importing it, and if it's as cheap as all that,
I'm going to wait for the US release, but I'm thinking that we're going to see the Japanese release
for all you import-crazy people. We're going to see it drop. That's my speculation.
well speaking in our chat room just real quick vid power seems to think uh it seems like everything
nowadays is trying to be the next katamari damashi uh and i believe from blaze's comment here in our
chat room he thinks uh elite beat agents could be the next sleeper hit i think so jeremy todd
one points out something good that you know that loco roco might not have also sold because the psp
didn't do so well in japan i thought it did better over there than it did over here but i don't know
i i think he was doing pretty good over there it seemed like it was doing okay over there
I don't think the sales were what they speculated them to be.
It was getting beat down majorly by the DS, but it was still doing good.
The DS Lite had the craziness factor around it, whereas the PSP had a brisk sales factor
around it.
Not the freaking craziness.
I think the DS, especially in mind for the Japanese audience, I think that it really
did cater more toward what is typically the more popular item.
that may not be the most powerful thing but it's cute it's you know it's compact
it's easy to use it's versatile and the fact that you're right and what let uh
what are you going by now Junami what he said was you know that it's the new
thing people it's innovative people jump on it well speaking of people jumping on
stuff the UK police department they basically want to have Reservoir Dogs
banned or you know the main concern of them is that the game glorifies killing
of cops in it you know much like any other Grand Theft Auto type of game but
you know West Yorkshire Police Federation chairman Tom McGee called the
game a sickening glorification of violence against police officers and
and says it's impossible to see how such a game
can have anything other than a highly damaging effect on how people perceive
and react to police officers. Yeah, the only problem is it's a game and people understand,
well for the most part, at least I assume in the UK more than the US,
that the game is fantasy and not reality.
I mean, so they didn't really want it banned, they just wanted to basically kind of
they were gonna make it unrated just because it was so violent.
that's pretty much what it was is just because the game so freaking bloody
and awesome bloody awesome but um yeah it's why they want to give it an
unrated rating on it meanwhile ironically
the Reservoir Dogs movie is still being sold in the UK
hmm I say
is it because the interactive element possibly possibly but it's still
fiction people should be able to tell the difference
There's a, you know, okay fine. So you can interact with the characters.
Great. You don't have to kill the cop in the game. You don't have to do that.
But here's the other thing too. The games don't look
exactly as real as a movie. I mean the movie has real people in it.
You know, performing simulated, you know,
acts on people but it looks very realistic. Whereas a game
looks like a game. You know, unless maybe the PlayStation 5 or something
that may be a different story but for right now on playstation 2 and xbox i'm gonna look at that
and go yeah it's a game i'm gonna know the difference i'm gonna know yeah it's okay for
to kill a cop in the game because i know if i kill a cop in the game the police are not gonna
be busting down my door you know in an hour to come kill me so it's fine it's acceptable
all right well i think it's about time for us to take a little break here on the live show and that
And that means the podcast gets broken up as well because we release in two parts every
week.
So we're going to take a break and we will be right back after this with more Orange
Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
