Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Mojo.
Tonight, August 13th, 2006. Is Squeenix going to get in the business of hardware?
Get ready for some retro Sega Genesis action.
What is holding up the PSP download service anyway?
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another wonderful episode of
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and the gaming culture, and of course, video
games that don't suck.
But sometimes we have to talk about games that do suck, but only to tell you to avoid
them.
Right, fellow co-host, Dark Sakura?
Yeah, Rob my fellow co-host and producer of orange lounge radio according to your voicemail
Your your voicemail has the same thing. I know all right
Cuz we're co producers in crime
And it makes it sound important when our friends and family call us and it also makes
Certain people in this room make fun of me when they leave me voicemail. I would never do such a thing
Also say hello to
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
How you doing?
Good.
Good.
Hungry.
Hungry?
Why didn't you eat before the show tonight?
Here's some beer nuts.
I don't want nuts.
You don't like nuts, do you?
I don't like eating nuts.
Tonight also we have some very special guests in the studio.
We actually have some guests tonight who have never been on the show before.
That's a rarity because usually we get the same old people, but tonight we have some
guests.
Our first guest tonight is coming to us all the way from Wisconsin.
Say hello to Magsy.
Hi.
Hi, how you doing?
You can put the mic a little bit closer your mouth. Hi. Hi. How you doing? I'm okay. Yeah
I like your shirt. You have Mario on your shirt
Right on are you a gamer girl? Yes, what kind of games you like?
Don't be afraid to just get that microphone like right there by your mouth
Let's see I like RPGs I like platformers I actually like anytime type of game
As long as it's fun.
What would you say is the best game you've played in the past year?
In the past year?
Animal Crossing.
Oh no, it's another Jamie.
Alright, say hello as well to Chris, who's here tonight as well.
Hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm alive.
Alright.
I'm also good.
Alright, right on.
And you also are a gamer girl?
I am also a gamer girl.
What would you say is the best game you've played in the past year?
No, I'm not addicted to animal crawl. I'd have to say Kingdom Hearts 2 because I'm
just a Disney, insane Disney fan, so I like listening to Donald freak out and Mickey all
ninja and cool, so that's my favorite so far.
Very cool, very cool. Now, we should also point out tonight, first off, the girls outnumber
the guys, which is a little strange for me, I don't know, but also we should point out
Now Meg Z and Chris are actually together.
So we have gaming lesbians on tonight's show.
Oh baby.
Oh yes.
But no, that's great, it's a whole sexuality smorgasbord on tonight's program.
We have a little bit of everything, so that's fun.
Yes we do.
We at Orange Lawns Radio, we're about the games, and you know, different types of people
that play the games.
So now, you two are the girls that hang out with Dark Sakura a lot on the weekend, right?
Or at least I know you do, Chris.
Megsy being from Wisconsin doesn't get to do that as much.
But we hang out online a lot.
Yeah.
Now tell me the truth.
Pillow fights? Are there ever pillow fights?
No pillow fights, but we did have an orgy.
We had a Mississippi orgy.
What's a Mississippi orgy?
It's when you get people in a room without their socks or shoes.
It was really hot.
It was hot.
So wait, if I take off my socks right now, because all I have on are my socks.
Oh, oh, Megsy's taking off her socks.
And I'm taking off my socks.
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio, an orgy.
This is fun.
All right, let's get to the games.
Of course, the guys in the room are now going, it's a lesbian show.
Oh yes, how could I forget our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat if you're listening to us live here on this lovely Sunday evening.
And we'd love to hear your opinion.
So and then of course, there we go, Jeremy Todd won OMG, they're having an orgy on the
show.
Tonight's going to be, it's a slow news week boys and girls. What can we say?
This is the type of stuff that happens during slow news weeks is we have
you know Mississippi orgies with lesbians. So this is
a good time. Alright, let's take it to the games though. We always like to talk about how is your
gaming week. So we'll start off with dark soccer. What types of games have you been
playing this week?
Well, I actually haven't played it yet because I'm waiting for
Meg Z to play it on Wednesday at my house. I have Dead Rising.
So, I'm gonna wait and then I'm gonna wait for her to come over to kill zombies, however
Dan called me while I was on the road saying, where's Dead Rising, Will and I want to play?
Okay.
So anyway, I did play some Animal Crossing, I played Pinball!
And I actually almost, I tried to hunt down the Saturn so I could play our Sega Ages collection
that we got from the guy who was the man behind Working Designs, who Dan just bought the Twilight
Zone Pinball from.
He's really awesome.
And Dan got me a monkey.
Like a real monkey that blinks poo?
A monkey ball monkey.
Oh.
Right on.
Yeah.
So I have a monkey.
That's cool.
Chris has a monkey too.
I got her the monkey.
I work at Gamestop.
Oh, you work at Gamestop?
I work at Gamestop.
Very cool.
We have Gamestop Pride in here.
Gamestop Pride.
Oh, we have a story about Gamestop tonight.
Uh oh.
It's up in part B. We'll talk about that later.
Okay.
Alright.
Is that it for your games?
Then we also played the game where we mess with people's heads
But that that's yeah, that's that's a real-life game. I think all right my gimme week. I played Dead Rising. Which is like
So cool. I don't know how to describe it
It's so it's so great like zombie killing is love it really is I mean
I knew I was in love with Dead Rising the minute
I picked up the lawnmower and mowed over 70 zombies in a minute. I mean
I mean, whoever thought of this concept for a game, I want to kiss you.
I do, right on the lips.
This is a beautiful game.
More games should be like Dead Rising.
Now, Dead Rising's not perfect.
There are some things that need to be fixed for Dead Rising 2.
One of them is that small-ass text size.
I mean, it's really hard to read.
Even on my HDTV, it's kind of hard to read the text.
I know a lot of people have been bitching about this, but seriously, the text has got
to be fixed.
The graphical style of Dead Rising isn't for everybody.
I let Mikoltov watch me play for a little bit, and he's like,
this game looks like crap.
And I said, what are you smoking?
This game's beautiful.
It's a different art style.
It's a little bit cartoonish with the blood,
but it's zombies.
It's supposed to be cartoonish.
And then the other thing that kind of annoys me is the
saving, because you have to save in a
bathroom or on a couch.
And it's really weird.
The first time you play, you're not ready for the fact
that you're going to die, and you're going to die fast.
And if you select the option that says Save and Quit, you
literally start all over. So it's a little weird because the game's main
mode is a 72 hour mode. It's not literally 72 hours.
Loki was telling me before the show every hour is five minutes. I couldn't figure it out.
I knew it was running faster than a real hour though. But the game was, you know,
kind of interesting where you would start that over if you selected that. But
that's kind of cool because you could power yourself up more and more and then
you know start the game in that mode. So I like powered myself up to level 3
And I was like you know what I'll start over because I was getting my ass kicked by zombies
But other than that other than those little bitches. I love the game
I mean, I love the fact that you can take pictures of zombies
You can put like I thought it was so hilarious like I put those little uh what are those mega man guys call they can
Never remember their names with the little yellow heads serve bots. Thank you
I put the little serve bots head on a bunch of zombies then took pictures of them all walking around
It's really funny, and then just getting to use all these weapons on zombie. It's a great aggression taking out game
I just kind of wish from the start there was like a sandbox mode where it was more like the demo
Where it just drops you into a sea of zombies with all the items around you start going like I could do this game without
The story for fun and just like a party and also it would be nice if the game had multiplayer. I know
Oblivion didn't have multiplayer and it's a great game. So it's not like the game has to have multiplayer, but it would be so cool
I mean it would just make a cool thing even cooler. So
So, Dead Rising, I do recommend Dead Rising, I think a lot of you guys would have fun with
it.
But just, those little minor complaints aside might frustrate you for a little bit.
But then you take your aggression out on zombies with a lawnmower, and it's wonderful.
And then that hook that lets you pull their heads right off, it's great.
Sounds beautiful.
Yeah, it's fun.
Killing is love.
Killing zombies is love.
Let's see, so there's Dead Rising and then I also play more Prey, because I'm slowly
but surely trying to make my way through Prey still, which is a great game because you never
die.
made for people who suck at first-person shooters like myself you just you'd
never die you just go to little spirit world shoot some shoot some Medusa heads
or whatever those things are and they come back to life it's beautiful love it
Loki how was your gaming week it was okay just played more Grand Theft Auto
Liberty City stories to tide me over until you know Vice City stories comes
out. I kicked ass this week, so it was awesome. Played Dead Rising, not too much though, just
during lunches. Got to play the lawnmower and chop zombies up at that, then pick up
the lawnmower and just slam it into their head. And we also, I played Chromehounds,
and yes I did play Chromehounds, and I have been on there and no one's joined our clan.
person you know fire resurrected excellent but um whatever you know talk
about the chrome hounds thing in a minute yes it's just I'm ready to go and
just no one else wants to whatever and then was it I watched someone play a
game that will not be named it was cool and creepy but we'll talk about that at
another time all right Magsy Chris anything you guys want to say what kind
games you've been playing this week? I played Animal Crossing on the plane. Yeah? Yeah.
Did they let you though? I thought because the DS had the wireless, they don't like it
when you play DS on the plane. I didn't have a problem with it. Oh, okay, that's good.
And I tried to finish Kingdom Hearts 2. See, I was real smart and played it the first time
around on proud mode. And I'm having a hard time beating it. Okay. And I played a really
old-school arcade machine
some of our brothers
that was fun
a big mario fan as i know she you know you have my own yes i am a big mario fan
i'm looking looking forward to on some are galaxy on the we and um... super
paper mario on the game now some people thought that mario on the we look kind of
weird
uh... is that only always looks weird
uh...
very cool now you know i need i need to get from the lesbian perspective
Who's better, Peach or Daisy? Oh, Peach.
Why Peach? Because she's hotter.
I'll have you know though, whenever I play Mario Party, I always play as Peach.
Because she's also got attitude. You know, she's like, Peach is the winner!
That's me. I'm the winner whenever I play Mario Party.
Just thought I'd share. Any games you're looking forward to coming out soon?
Dirge of Cerberus. Oh, you like Vincent? I love Vincent.
She actually called when she was coming down here, she had me go to the GameStop and reserve
it.
That's awesome.
Yeah, I'm kind of with video games, like way over my head sometimes.
Really?
But yeah.
I had it reserved at my GameStop and I realized I was going to be here and I was like, go
to the GameStop and reserve it so I can get it.
So you guys are going to play all night when it comes out?
Oh, probably.
I'm going to watch her play it.
I played it a little bit, E3, but it wasn't Final Fantasy enough for me, because it's
more like live action, which is cool, I know there's people that are into that more action
style game, but I'll still check it out when the final game comes out and make my final
decision then, but I hope you enjoy it.
You know the first time I played through Final Fantasy VII and I never even got Vincent?
Because I'm so stupid, I never figured out to open the safe.
Well, it took me forever to figure out how to get him.
I got him first time without the book.
Well, look at you.
Good for you.
And Yuffie. Well, Yuffie's easy to get. Just because Yuffie's easy.
Chris, I'm sorry. Chris, anything you want to share about your gaming week?
Well, again, I'm a gamer in the old school sense, so I play D&D and stuff like that,
but I do have Sims 2 on my Mac, and that kind of has me really, really addicted.
So, I play a lot of that.
Do you like to kill your Sims? Because I know that's what Loki does.
Oh, hell yeah.
What are some clever death traps you come up with for your Sims?
My favorite one is
stick like have them go inside the pool and then take away the option to get them out of the pool and they'll slowly die because
They'll fall asleep and they'll drown and then another fun way is to put them
This is actually old old Sims you put them in a room with a bunch of stoves
Like we use one and then lock it like take away the door and a room would catch on fire
And then they burn to death. It's really fun
you know I'm screen and they scream really loud
you know I had a gay friend once who made his homo palace once on the Sims
and he put what's the most number seems you can have a house like a
yeah 8 in this game I think you can have like 12
okay one Sims one he had seven guys and it was like it was like Melrose place
they would all make out with each other and have sex with each other
and then there was one woman in the house but what she had to do she cleaned
up after all the guys
you know and she she finally died from exhaustion because they she forgot to
put a bathroom in the house so she had to clean up all their pee and had to do the cooking
for them and she finally died of exhaustion and like you know it's so funny because she
passes out in the middle of the room and the guys don't care they're still making out with
each other and stuff they're like oh she just died it's really funny if you have them on
um I made the mistake of having put them on freestyle like they can pretty much if you're
not paying attention they'll do whatever the heck they want and like four or five of my
sims who weren't supposed to go make out with each other went and made out with each other
because they've in the second game they've got like chemistry like
lightning connection chemistry and they just ended up making out and then
getting pissed at each other because they watched the person they just made
out make out with somebody else hmm so it's drama more Melrose place oh yeah that's
some of the fun stuff to do with the sims oh I think that's why I came so
popular find my sims 2 disc cuz I miss playing it can you play that online no I
guess you can't because they had the sims online huh it's kind of moot anyway
because my DVD drive on my PC is busted so I'll have to get the Mac one anyway
because I'm getting my iMac soon let's see I'm reading chat room some other
folks are sharing their Sims stories here poo eater says I had made a house
with each sim in their own room with only one thing like one would have a TV
one would have a fridge one would have a toilet then enjoy the show so they have
to go to each other's houses to borrow things I guess that's kind of
interesting and PK Akira 88 is clearing up the DS thing on the plane for me
saying unless it's during takeoff and landing it really doesn't matter yeah
because they make you even make you turn off everything during takeoff and
landing you know I fly enough I should know that but I just never for some
reason I never bring my DS I do a lot of short flights I had my iPod and and
during takeoff and landing and they didn't seem to care really yeah well they
Either they didn't seem, the plane didn't crash, so.
Did you fly during all the chaos that was going on recently?
No, I actually totally missed all the chaos.
Oh good.
I'm just recently hearing a little bit about what's been happening.
Yeah.
Oh, there was a, not that we're getting into CNN podcasts, but this was basically, there
was a big terrorist plot that was thwarted that had to do with liquid explosives, so
So now, people can't bring liquids on planes right now
at all, like gels, liquids, anything.
That could be like toothpaste, soda, anything.
Really?
Isn't that weird?
Yeah.
They should ban all Taco Bell from the plane
because that causes some liquid explicit.
You're disgusting.
Absolutely disgusting.
All right, before we get into tonight's program,
we have some housekeeping to take care of.
First off, I want to point out on our website, www.orangelaunchrater.com,
we have brand new forums dedicated to the O.L. Army.
The O.L. Army concept, which is basically,
really the people don't have to listen to this program,
but it helps if you're an Orange Lounge Radio fan.
The cardinal rule of the O.L. Army is don't be a dick.
We just want to have fun playing the games
without any of that attitude or drama or smack talking,
unless you're smack talking Bobby Black Wolf, then it's fine.
We want to have a drama-free environment there.
So we made a whole new forum over there
on OrangeLoungeRadio.com for folks to start clans and games.
It's been working out pretty well so far.
We have folks in Halo 2, and a couple of folks in Guild Wars,
and I noticed the Steam games are getting a lot of folks.
So check that out over on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
One thing, however, we haven't been
getting a lot of participation in, as Loki mentioned earlier,
is ChromeHounds.
Now, here's the problem.
OrangeLoungeRadio somehow got talked
into doing a tournament on August 20th for ChromeHounds.
And we've talked a little bit of smack
leading up to this tournament.
No one has consulted me on anything in this, they nominated me to play this damn game for
one and it's hard enough when there's freaking Dead Rising coming out because that game is
very distracting especially when chrome hounds they move really slow there's no zombies in
it you know that kind of thing then then for some reason somehow no rules were discussed
at all no ground rules just somebody decided okay it's gonna be four on four teams and
stuff I never agreed to any of that I'll take them on one-on-one I'll beat his ass one-on-one
But you know what, if you're gonna get your fucking gamer friends who play all the time,
fuck that shit.
I will take you on one-on-one.
That is the way it's going down.
Well, okay, somehow we're suckered into this 4-on-4 thing, but the problem is we only have
two other people so far who said they'd do it.
So we need more people to do this.
So please, if you're a ChromeHounds player, you want to have a little fun on Sunday about
one o'clock Pacific time, please come and tour our forums and say you would like to
participate.
Otherwise, I'm gonna have to figure out how to get in there and I'll play as Mr. Spanky
in the ChromeHounds Invitational and that's gonna be kinda
sad because we're really gonna get our butts kicked. First we'll get our butts kicked by
Bobby
then we'll get our butts kicked by Scott. We'll come in last place in the tournament and never hear the
end of it.
But I do seem to recall by agreeing to this I did say we get to pick the next
game.
So gamer Andy better start working out to DDR because he's going down.
Here's the bad thing about ChromeHounds
First off, you have to be online in order for people to sign up for your clan, which
is retarded anyways.
Because what's the point of having that, you know, clan password thing if...
I don't get it.
Because you have to prove them anyways, so that's kind of retarded.
We'll figure something out, so please O.L. Army, save us, and so we don't embarrass ourselves
too bad one week from today.
I'm not going to embarrass myself, I'm just saying, you know, that's kind of fucked up.
Look, you can take them all on.
Oh yeah, let me just take them all on while they're attacking my base and shit, and I
I got a I can't be
Okay, blaze does have a good point hit stun from the ol army has already owned black wolf and Tetris
So if we lose miserably at this at least it'll be evened up so there can't be a lot of shit talking
Fine, I'll do my best. There we go. What I can't speak for the rest of them. There you go
All right. I won't be getting my ass handed to me. So please chrome hound players
We need your help come to the ol army forums immediately one other piece of housekeeping
keeping I want to get out there is that we actually have an addendum to a
previously reported on story. You know we here at Orange Launch Radio we try to
report accurate information but once in a while something's gonna slip through
the cracks that maybe wasn't correct oops but this is interesting because not
a lot of people know that this is not correct but we've received a trusted
anonymous tip so I can't tell you who it's from but it's a trusted source and
they're telling us that that song list we announced a couple shows back to
elite beat agents that's run on a lot of sites is wrong so that might actually be
good news for some people so folks that were a little disappointed at some of
the pick like didn't they have like Linkin Park and stuff in that list
whatever store what yeah which is kind of cool that you know Weird Al would
have been okay with but we have received a tip that that is absolutely wrong and
that only the demo songs are ones you can count on actually seeing in the full
version which would make sense but as for the rest of the song list you'll
You'll just have to wait and see.
And also the last housekeeping thing, of course, we upped our cap on listeners.
So yeah, instead of capping out at 50 or whatever, we've got a lot more than that.
So now you can listen without worrying about not being able to.
Yeah, so please come listen live to us on Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard
Time on OrangeOnTrader.com.
You shouldn't get locked out of the feed anymore because we have plenty of room now.
But of course, if you can't do it Sunday nights because you're watching, I don't know, what's
on Sunday nights?
Touched by an Angel or whatever?
Desperate Housewives.
Oh, Desperate Housewives.
Well, all those shows suck.
So if you...
No, it does not.
Buy a TiVo.
Buy a TiVo.
So if you can't listen to us, let's say, okay, Megsy's making pouty faces at me.
I can't get pouty faces.
I like Grey's Anatomy.
Do you?
Yeah.
Isn't it just a bunch of doctors having sex with each other or something?
Pretty much.
I like Desperate Housewives.
That's pretty funny.
That does sound pretty hot.
So Desperate Housewives is a pretty hot show.
I have seen a little bit of it.
It's pretty hot.
But anyway, if you have to watch your Desperate Housewives,
your Grey's Anatomy, you don't have a TiVo.
You could always listen to the All Games Re broadcast, which
is Monday nights at 5 o'clock Pacific Standard Time,
also a little bit earlier for you east coast folks.
And central.
And central, like Wisconsin, if you want to listen to it live.
But of course, podcast is love.
And we know there's lots of you guys
that listen to us on the podcast feed.
And for that, we're most appreciative.
Thanks a bunch.
Alright, let's get into some actual gaming news now, and we're gonna start it off tonight
with a story about the Wii, and I might be in trouble for that previous bet I made about
how there's not gonna be 20 games at Wii launch.
Well, it doesn't look like there's gonna be 20 first-party Wii games, so I'm gonna have
to go back and listen to the bet for sure, but it does look like there are gonna be 27
Wii games that are released on the day the Wii is out, which of course is still unknown,
but we do have 27 confirmed titles.
Loki seems to think it's gonna be more than 27.
I think it's more than that.
Really?
Yeah, because I know some that aren't even on that list.
Do you want me to read this list real quick for you guys?
All right, here we go.
We have Avatar, The Last Airbender, Blazing Angels,
Blitz, The League, Call of Duty 3, Cars, Dragon Ball Z,
Budokai Tenkashi 2, Dragon Quest,
Swords, The Masked Queen, and the Tower of Mirrors,
Elibits, Excite Truck, Far Cry, GT Pro Series, Final Fantasy
Crystal Chronicles, The Legend of Zelda, Twilight Princess,
Madden NFL 07, Marvel Ultimate Alliance, Metal Slug Anthology, Metroid Prime 3 Corruption,
Monster 4x4 World Circuit, Need for Speed Carbon, Open Season, Rayman Raving Rabbids,
Red Steel, SpongeBob SquarePants, Creature from the Krusty Krab, Super Monkey Ball Banana
Blitz, Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam, Trauma Center Second Opinion, and Wii Sports.
So now I ask you folks in studio, if you had to buy two of those games from that list,
have enough money to buy two of the games, which two are you getting at launch?
Loki?
Um, I've already got him on order.
Red Steel and...
You know, to be honest, there's actually...
Did you mention GT?
Yes.
GT Pro Series.
Uh, GT actually looks pretty good, so, uh, Red Steel and GT.
Alright.
Uh, Dark Sakura.
You don't know?
Okay.
Anybody...
Uh, do our other girls know?
Magsy, which two are you gonna get?
Um, I am number one Nintendo fangirl in the world, so I'll be getting Zelda.
And then, uh, for the second one, um, Red Steel, I think.
Red Steel, you like swords? You like ninjas?
Uh, yeah. I just looked it over. Yeah.
Uh, Dark Sakura, you think you know?
Yeah, I'm gonna get, um, Zelda and, uh, Metal Slug Anthology.
Mmm.
Chris, do you think you know which two you'd get?
Uh, probably Zelda and...
Cars.
Hahahaha!
You dork. Uh, hahaha!
I would- I can tell you right n- well...
Alright, oh, which two would I get? Oh, I'm so glad you asked. I would get...
I'm gonna get, I'm actually...
I'm gonna get three.
No, I know, but in real life I'm gonna get three. Okay, but which two? I would say...
I'm gonna say Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles and Excite Truck.
And I don't know why I'm... I don't know why I'm leaving out Zelda, but I'm
gonna borrow yours.
Yeah, you're gonna... We can trade.
I come into your house and play in your Zelda. If we all get two then we can all
we can all play with each other. That's right, there we go. We'll play with each other.
Well, there's a couple things missing. First off, I mean, where's Super Mario Galaxy?
I noticed, but didn't Miyamoto say a while back that it may not be
exactly ready at launch? It'll be in the launch window and that's what these are anyways.
There's also a few that I mentioned a couple weeks ago, Rapala Trophies, which
is supposed to be coming out for your fishing
fans, I guess. And there was also a couple that I'm mentioning this week that aren't
on that list, and they're part of Midway's lineup. And of course, Midway, we announced
weeks ago, Rampage Soul Destruction, now everybody's finally picked up on that. Two more that are
going to be added, they're Happy Feet, which is based on that really crappy movie that's
coming out.
I've got Happy Feet.
I want to see that.
Any Happy Feet?
Can I take the controllers to my feet and then do tap dancing?
That'll be fun.
I don't know.
But then also the Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy are going to be getting in the game
as well.
So those are going to be two coming from Midway, and there's a lot more.
They're announcing seven at Let's Big in a couple weeks here.
Oh, that's true.
So that's definitely not the fullest.
Now, Funny Dale says he's going to get a Barbie's Horse Adventure for the Wii when it comes
out.
Is that a launch game or no? I don't think they even announced
Well, hopefully that would be fun with the Wii
All right
Anyway, that's all I have to say on the Wii. Well the Wii yeah, you know go Wii
But anyways a few things that were you know, definitely speculating besides the launch date
IGN's got speculation on the release date and the price point for it
Oh, hooray, more release date and price speculation, just what this show needed, because I was
just thinking this week, gosh, we really haven't had a story on release date or price point
speculation in the past week, so we really need one tonight.
Thank you, Loki.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
You're welcome.
And, of course, their speculation is November 2nd or November 12th, because apparently their
sources can't make up their minds on which it is.
probably because no one knows yet because they've given them a, you know, have your
games ready by, you know, this time period and then we'll, you know, announce the date
then. I mean, they don't have to launch with the third party games, I mean, because if
they come a few weeks later it's not going to matter. Then the price point they've announced,
they said $229 is going to be the price point and that, well, I don't know where they pulled
that out of.
How about their ass?
You know, I think that every, I think that I have heard every single date in the fourth
quarter, uh, guessed for the, for the Wii launch at work because I work at GameStop.
I think that everybody's guessed every single date for Wii launch, like, it's gonna be sometime
in fourth quarter.
Folks, I have a big world exclusive for you guys.
Wii here at Orange Launch Radio, we are absolutely confident we know the release date of the
Wii, and I'm going to give it to you. We have inside sources that have told us the actual
release date of the Wii, so here it is. The Wii will be released soon. And when it comes
out soon, then you can say, I heard that first on Orange Lounge Radio, and they were right,
right on Orange Lounge Radio for guessing the release date of the Wii. It was indeed
soon. Well, I'm actually saying, I'm still sticking with October 18th, just because it's
the anniversary. And, you know, but people say, oh, they don't release their systems
on Wednesdays, they release them on Sundays. Who gives a fuck? Okay, honestly, I mean,
they can do whatever they want, they're Nintendo. They can say, you know what, bitches, we decided
to release our game, we're gonna release it on Wednesday because, you know what, fuck
It's not just a W, it's WE. And our new mascot is Wario.
Waluigi.
It's WE Wednesdays.
Yeah, Waluigi is a pun.
I don't know.
And demonstrating the WE live on stage will be Giggling Lesbians.
Let's hear it. Yay!
I have to explain this. Waluigi is a pun.
I thought Wario was a pun.
It sort of is, but Waluigi is.
It would be sort of Wariweed, which is bad.
Yeah, that's why I thought that Wario was the same thing, they're both the same.
Last night!
Okay, no responding to things that aren't said in mics.
Sorry.
Because now they think it's something dirty that you're responding to.
And I'm trying, we got an explicit tag last week, so I'm trying to avoid it this week, please.
Oh, that's not even going to happen.
The lesbians are keeping it pretty clean tonight.
They left the pillows at home, so I'm pretty excited.
We can wrap it for you.
maybe maybe during the afterbirth we'll see all right let's uh let's keep it
moving speaking of Wario and Waluigi and the beautiful cast of the various Mario
games there is going to be a Mario Strikers sequel on the Wii and we have a
Happy Megsy. Are you a fan of Mario Strikers? I loved Mario Strikers as a rule I'm not a
big fan of sports games unless they have the word Mario in the title, but I really, really
enjoyed Mario Strikers.
Do you think you'll like Wii Sports, though, because of Miyamoto's giant head as one of
the characters?
I really don't know.
I mean, I'm hoping that it'll be fun just because it's on the Wii and you actually get
to, like, do stuff as opposed to just pushing a button on a remote control and then whoever
throws the football.
video of me on YouTube that somebody took of playing Wii Sports and I look
like I'm not having any fun at all like it's the most depressing but I really
enjoyed the game and I was just exhausted from the day oh hi new story
sorry yes Rob dear God I don't worship you but I do adore you story sorry okay
Yeah, so um they actually were saying that Super Mario Strikers was supposed to the sequel is supposed to be one of the games
It was announced at the games convention in Germany
And this speculation is going to be like a you know an online multiplayer strikers
So that sounds like it's a pretty good deal, and now I'm done Rob. You can interrupt me
Well, I was gonna say this from Chad is that Ari Masson of the oil army thinks he has the new marketing campaign
for the Nintendo Wii. So here's this giant enemy lesbian and you attack
its weak point for massive pleasure. Massive pleasure because it's a lesbian.
I love our chat room. Hugs and kisses to the OLR chat. I will check out
Super Mario Strikers on the Wii. It would be fun, I bet. You gonna check out mine?
Why not?
Because it's stupid.
The original game was stupid, and this one
will be equally as stupid.
Maisie's going to punch you.
All right, how about a Squeenix story
to break up the hate a little bit here in the room?
Squeenix are what we like to call Square Enix.
We call them Squeenix because a lot of their games make us Sque.
And what's going on there is that Yoichi Wada, who
is the president of Square, spoke recently
about what game creators need to do for next-gen platforms and how developers
will have to work together
to move the industry forward. There's a quote here,
this is one of the reasons Square Enix will collaborate with Taito, a company
that produces
physical hardware, he said. In our talks with Taito, ideas for an actual physical
product have come up.
In any case, we will be releasing some thing. It's interesting
in that it's not the sort of thing you would expect from Square Enix.
So they're talking about releasing a thing.
Like a hardware thing and I'm not talking about that sword from Dragon Quest back
Yeah, is this game console? What is this?
It's gonna be a games a game that does not have the word final or fantasy and it's a trans vibrator
No, what do you do you think maybe it's a I think maybe something they might do is maybe a dedicated
Like you remember those old like Game & Watch type games like maybe something like that, but a little more souped up, but a square
franchise or product maybe something like a game a standalone game plug-and-play
type whatever it is I'm sure it's gonna be another sequel to Final Fantasy 7 do
you think it's a console no no too crowded too crowded and now you just
don't see Square Enix getting into console although you know in Japan they
might do really well with the console now it's going to be a Final Fantasy 7
and then U.V. hits puberty or something.
Alright, alright.
It's gonna be okay.
I like Meg's idea.
It's gonna have Aerith as a zombie,
and you have to go around and shoot her.
Again and again and again.
And she keeps coming back.
And you just keep killing her.
She's the holy zombie.
Fire Resurrected sent me a private message,
and of course I read those publicly.
I'm not encouraging you to send me private messages, please.
I get inundated with them during the show,
I thought this comment was good.
Squeenix is releasing an arcade machine.
Taito makes arcade machines.
That's a good thought.
What, we have Puzzle Bobble featuring Cloud?
I like this idea from Fire Bulma.
I loved Urgeyes.
How about Urgeyes in the arcades?
Or Final Fantasy.
So it was an arcade game first.
Final Fantasy 13 versus in the arcades.
OK, OK.
I used to go play at the bowling alley.
I used to play DDR.
They had an Urgeyes machine there in a virtual lawn.
I live there.
Anyways, speaking of stuff, I don't know, it's kind of funny.
There's another person out there making something very interesting.
So apparently some fan on the internet decided they want their Madden
holiday
to be coming a little bit early. So they've put out this fake Madden coupon.
The preferred customer coupon that's basically supposed to get you the game
when they get it, which is, you know, most of the retail stores are getting it a week
early, so that they can get it before street date, and it's hilarious because, okay, we
got this email first from EA, so they're very aware of it, and they've made all the retail
chains very aware of this, so it's not gonna work, and you're an idiot.
You know what, I have to, so somebody made a fake coupon that says you get Madden early
because you're special.
preferred customer early release voucher says xbox 360 xbox playstation 2 and gamecube versions
available at all at participating stores only it says basically entitles you um to getting
the game
i think
there's the keyword
dude you sit down
no i don't yeah you went wait sorry
participating stores only
some you know what i
you still have to participate
i still think there's gonna be some employee at a walmart target kmart type store that's
gonna fall for this or GameStop says maybe. Okay fine they'll go ahead and scan in said
coupon or not you know of it. They don't have to sell it to this guy. I mean but it's whatever
I mean fine. Go ahead and try to get your free Madden game early. It's Madden come on
it's not that different from last year so if you're really in a hurry to get it go right
ahead. Actually my understanding is the Madden fans were pretty disappointed with Madden
06 on the 360 so they're really looking forward to Madden 07. Yeah because something else
is better than something crappy I guess whatever but alright good luck oh and by the way it
says they forgot to run the coupon through spell checker because they you know misspelled
include its includes good job good job forgers speaking of EA and upcoming releases spore
you might need a coupon to get this early because apparently 2007 and we're not talking
early 2007 but more like this excuse me I got the hiccup suddenly the second
half of 2007 is when you're going to be getting spore this game seems to be
getting pushed back and back I originally remember this is going to be
late 2006 but now it looks like February or mid-2007 at least online game
retailers gamestop.com and EBgames.com have that list. Will Wright seemed to
say that it's not going to make it until July 2007 quote we're saying the second
half of next year 2007 for now wow so this game is really getting pushed back
but if the game looks like a ditty this game is epic it's like Sims times five I
mean it's it's just freaking huge this game it will be it's gonna be something
else if for nothing else than to throw aliens from your tractor beam in the
ship that was a lot of fun but we do know some games that will be coming out
and just and I'll go ahead and make this mention now since I'm not gonna be on
the show next week. I'm going to go ahead and do the next two weeks of European
release dates. How's that sound? Especially since there's all of crap
coming out this week. On the 18th we have Pathologic, Premier Manager 2006-2007,
ProShirt Golf blah blah blah, Specnaz, Project Wolf, Spinout on PSP. On the 23rd
we have Texas Hold'em, 25th a bunch of good stuff, Dig Dug, Digging Strike, El
El Matador, Madden 2007, Yay, Para World, and Reservoir Dogs.
And also Syphon Filter Dark Mirror, and World War 1 Aces of the Sky.
These are all European releases.
Excellent.
As far as releases go for this week, it's definitely going to be a lot better than last
week, but not by much.
You've got Final Fantasy VII Dirge of Service on the Playstation 2, of course 99 Nights
on the Xbox 360.
I'm excited about that one. On the DS you're getting Deep Labyrinth from Atlas
and Freedom Wings
which is kind of like a, almost like a pilot wings shooter type game. Sounds like
something I'd find in the women's sanitation aisle at the store or sanitary
things.
Let's see here.
The ever-generic World Racing 2 on the Xbox and Zonide on the Xbox which is
good for those Hikaruuka fans out there. Of course next week we have Madden NFL 07 coming
out as well as Pac-Man World Rally and doing a re-release of Zoo and Zookeeper on DS. Why?
I don't know why. You can play Zookeeper online, it's called Bejeweled. And Rapala trophies
on the PSP. But while I'm talking, I figured I would go over all those release dates that
all those release dates that seem to make the press headlines, you know, later on that
we've always mentioned, but for some reason, you know, get people else, you know, pay attention
to other places. But, let's go on to the PSP Oblivion, which we have coming out on March
15th, so that'll be coming. Definitely have a SKU for it. Of course, some of the other
ones I thought were interesting, Bioshock and Darkness are both coming out on April
5th, so check those out. And then some of my favorites of course would be the Konami
Games and I'm sure you're going to hear more of this coming pretty soon, but DDR
Universe is scheduled for December 2nd, so that should be pretty good. And Karaoke Revolution
American Idol. That's a big pushback for Universe, isn't it? Because I remember Universe
was originally scheduled earlier. And Karaoke Revolution American Idol is going to be coming
out looks like December 6th.
Also Ultramix 4, that's going to be coming out November 15th and what's really interesting
about it is the price for the actual game by itself, only $29.99.
So that's pretty good.
Another thing I was going to mention because we're going to be talking about game prices
later on, some cheap games and stuff.
One game that is out there that's probably the cheapest 360 game you're going to find
and this just dropped in price, you heard it here first.
Ridge Racer 6, $19.99, you can find it now at, you know, all participating real tellers
out there.
So, $19.99, and to be honest, that game is not a bad game, but for some reason, the worst
selling game in the United States for the 360s, so.
Go check it out.
That's really strange because it's a fun game.
Isn't it the best seller in Japan?
Yeah, it's polar opposites.
It's just to show the difference in markets.
Wow.
But, you know, speaking of other markets, though, there is a bit of news about Bully
in Europe.
you're saying that it's going to hit in October as well as I'm here Rockstar was
saying the October release date was going to apply to Europe as well as the
US the British Board of Film Classification said that they were
having issues with the the title saying but they said it wasn't anywhere near
ready however Rockstar saying it's hmm on its way
cool that's pretty interesting lots of guys I've been looking forward to bully
after seeing the trailer this week. The trailer looks good.
I haven't watched it yet. Megsy, I see you nodding your head. What's exciting you about
the game Bully?
Um, okay, so when I was a kid in school, I was a bully.
You were the bully. I was the bully. Okay. And so I'm looking forward to that game
and reliving my days
as a evil bully in a Catholic school. Wait, I thought it was the other way around, that you beat up the
bullies.
Oh, I thought it was that you are the bully. Maybe, see, I think in a good game you get to play
both ends of it.
Alright.
Loki, settle this, because you've been following this game more than I have.
Are you the bully or are you the person beating up the bully?
I think you're the person, you're just kind of a kid there and you're being bullied, and
I think you might also be the bully.
You're kind of like this kid that's just trouble, but it's like, you're trouble, but you've
gotten introduced to this, you know, basically kind of like a private school, so you're no
longer you know the big one on campus you know you're kind of you know getting
bullied so you are bullied but you're also getting bullied at the same time
it's basically school mayhem and that kind of stuff either way it's violence
it's violence and it makes Jack Thompson angry so how can you go wrong it has
schoolgirls making out with people so that's awesome which makes our lesbians
in house very happy happy Catholic schoolgirls in those cute little outfits
those are hot. Little skirts. I just bought a DVD that has those in them. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa! Hello! Where have you been shopping lately? Castro Street. Okay. Well, moving
right along. Let's talk about Xbox Live Arcade. Now, Major Nelson's blog is
saying that the Xbox Live Wednesday thing was over with the release of
Pac-Man this week, which by the way I forgot to mention I did download and
play this week. It's Pac-Man. You know what you're getting into. If you haven't played
Pac-Man yet, I don't think you're really a gamer if you haven't played Pac-Man at some
point in your life. So you know what to expect from the Xbox version of Pac-Man. There's
not a lot of frills. Sure, you get achievements, but Pac-Man is Pac-Man. But anyway, Major
Nelson says that's it. No more. But the official Xbox magazine seems to be begging to differ
a little bit. They have a release schedule, which includes August 16th, Texas Hold'em,
August 23rd, Time Pilot, which Jamie was on the ColecoVision at one point, hence why
you saw that, August 30th, Scramble, and September 6th, Luminous Live, and that's the one I'm
sure a lot of folks are looking forward to there. Time Pilot and Scramble, by the way,
are old-ass Konami games, if you've never heard of them. I like Time Pilot. I actually
played a Time Pilot arcade machine back in the day, and I wasn't half bad at it.
And for those who may remember, Nick Arcade Time Pilot was one of the games that they
did play on the show.
Was it really?
Yes.
That's awesome.
It was one of the games they played frequently on the show.
That's great.
Alright.
Well, we've got a little bit more news though as far as other old school stuff coming out.
Oh yes?
There's the Sega Genesis Collection for the Playstation 2 and PSP, a 30 game pack that
will be out.
um some of the games that are excuse me but there are some of the games to
mention was a sonnet the hedgehog shinobi fantasy star golden axe vector
man sword of vermilion comic zone Alex Kidd and rice star was another one
mentioned but those are all games that I'm all over does it sound like
something you're gonna get oh hell yeah as long as I have Alex Kidd and shinobi
I'll be really happy because it's actually I mean true that wasn't necessarily a Genesis game
It was my favorite Master System game and that started the whole Alex Kidd thing for me
Very cool
Does this sound like is this collection sound like something you want to pick up Loki?
Maybe not for me because honestly and
Most of them are already available on game tap and I agree that you know
You can there's a certain charm being able to have this stuff on the go like on the PSP and stuff
Which seems to me like maybe a response to all the emulation scene, you know, all the emulators have been going on on the PSP
Maybe this is a response to that
I mean honestly if it was gonna if I was gonna go by that standpoint
There wouldn't be any point because almost all of these games I own Genesis cartridges of
true so
But at the same time it's convenient to have them on one disc so I can sit down with my controller in front of my
TV and play them instead of sit in front of my computer if I'm gonna sit in front of my computer and play a game
I'm gonna be on Warcraft
So, we'll
keep it moving here. I want to do a comment here in our chat room.
NintendoManiac64 says, Sega doesn't seem to realize that a lot of the gamers
in the Sega stuff have Gamecubes.
So, seeming to think that, you know, most of the Sega fans were actually in the
Gamecubes.
Yeah, that's true. Possibly, but you know what?
The Wii and the Virtual Console thing, I think, will take care of most of the Sega
fans
stuff on there. So, it should be a problem.
Well, I want to go to this story about Japan, a kind of a very random tangent here, talking
about arcade longevity over in Japan.
There was this in-depth article that ran on MSNBC, the Newsweek section of MSNBC.
It was an article, just a column that's talking about Japan's arcades, and this guy kind of
sets up the scene here in his article and says, quote, welcome to the arcades of Tokyo.
In Asia and particularly Japan, video game rooms not only live but thrive.
There are 9,500 arcades in the country, with more than 445,000 game machines made by Japanese
companies like Namco and Capcom.
In the U.S., of course, the story is much different.
Arcades are a rapidly dying breed, with only about 3,000 in operation, down from 10,000
a decade ago.
Though the popularity of home video systems like the PlayStation contributed to the decline,
Akagi says that execs at U.S. companies like Midway and Atari simply couldn't see the future
in arcades and abandoned the coin-op business.
And the article kind of goes on to make the speculation that what happened over in Japan
as opposed to here is that here most of the kids who used to go to arcades grew up and
moved into home console gaming, but in Japan most of the kids that played arcades have
grown up still going to arcades and still in that whole scene.
Now I know that Orange Lounge Radio was sort of born of an arcade thing, you know, we all
met playing DDR, which was a big arcade phenomenon at the time, I'm curious what you guys think
about this story about arcades in Japan versus US.
I'm going to guess that the arcades in Japan probably are better maintained than the arcades
in the United States.
You think so?
Why is it?
Why is that?
Maybe because, I don't know, the American arcades out there, they just pretty much have
them just to kind of fill space it seems like.
You know, like at movie theaters, something to kill time for the little kids, you know,
out of mommy and daddy's, you know, hair, um, or like a, you know, sun splash or something,
you know, just to kill time while you're waiting for water slides or something like that.
Birthday central.
Birthdays, yeah. But, um, they just let the machines go to crap, so.
I think there's also this, uh, little thing, you know, I think it especially applies to
America in general, where they think you hit a certain age, you grow up, you don't do this
anymore. In your home you can play your video game, but you don't go out, you know, as an
adult and play DDR in which I of course I beg to differ with of course but
there's still that it's still sort of taboo you know you're supposed to be
grown up that's true because I know it's even when we were playing DDR we used to
get a lot of funny stairs like what are those guys doing shouldn't they you know
be accounting or something that's okay and not in a good way I hate that I
I mean, I really hate that. People who don't know any better, they go,
DDR so gay! It's like, so what if it has flashing pink lights and, you know, Madonna
music? I mean,
it's something everybody can have fun with, right?
Yeah. But it's still, though, I think it's just a whole matter of attitude, you know.
There's, you know, 40-year-old businessmen in Japan get off work and go play
DDR or pop music or something. And they're not gay.
No. Well, we don't know that. Well, they might be. Some might be.
Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. So what if they're gay?
Magsy, you have a thought on this?
Do you have a thought on this? Sorry, I thought you, I see you with the mics. I thought, do you, are you an arcade gamer?
Um, somewhat.
If there is an arcade, I will play in it.
Have you ever been to an arcade in Japan? Yes, I have. Ooh, what'd you, what was it like when you were there?
Um, well, I was only there for a little bit because we, our train was leaving, but it was, it was very well kept,
from what I remember. Maybe that's the difference. The difference is, in Japan
they play Beatmania. In the United States they beat their spouse.
Wow.
Your logic is infallible. Exactly.
I'm awesome. That's all we need to know. By infallible I mean not really.
Speaking of couples not getting along here, one couple,
the E3 little guys and the ESA, you know those wonderful Kencha Hall exhibitors, they're
not really getting along too well with the ESA.
And actually the ESA sent out some letters to these small Kencha Hall people kind of
informing them of what's going on with E3 next year.
And basically they said, as you may have read in the press releases, the E3 Expo has officially
been canceled, and it's involving and matured over the last 12 years, and now the needs
of the exhibitors and the key attendees has also changed.
And you know, it should also say in fine print, by the way, you're not a key attendee because
you do not have a booth in the bigger hall.
So fuck you.
So the ESA essentially wrote these people a letter that says, k thanks, bye.
It's basically, it's this, we would like to-
Brad, my team was hanging out in Kencha Hall.
It's basically like this.
It's like, dear people from Kensha Hall, it's not you, it's us.
You know, we want to see other people.
You know, maybe we could be friends, just, you know, some days, some days, Kensha Hall,
I just want to cuddle, but you guys are so demanding.
You have to understand that, you know, my life is moving on and I need to move on too,
so...
We just need some distance.
We would like to take this opportunity to extend our sincere, profound gratitude for
your past support of this event.
It has been exciting and rewarding to see the growth and significance of this industry
mirrored on the exhibit floor of the E3 Expo through the years.
We look forward to many years of industry growth and viability and opportunity without
you.
basically added it there, at the end there, but not really, not really, but that'd be
funny.
And, Jamie, the Red Octane, I mean, with all due respect to Red Octane and the guitar users,
it's a fluke.
Nobody expected Guitar Hero to do as well as it did.
Them being there, you know, it was a fluke.
Actually, I expected it to do well.
But I'm talking about, you know, we're different because we've always loved, you know, we're
different, we're special, but I'm talking about like the mainstream folks.
You know, nobody would have thought Guitar Hero would have done as well as it really
did until people actually played it and found out, wow, it's actually kind of fun.
So I think the whole Red Octane is a fluke, and I think had there been an E3 next year,
Red Octane would have graduated to the big hall.
I have to laugh.
You get to go to the big boy chair, Red Octane!
No, I had to laugh.
I went to Fry's this week, you know, the electronics store that we have over here, which is giant,
and I was watching this woman watch her son play Guitar Hero, and she kept yelling at
She's like, it's almost like watching someone play DDR instead of saying, you know, left,
left, right, left.
She's all, green, green, green, red, you know, it's like, it's not helping.
Wow.
I can see that it's green.
Well, the ESA has some good news coming their way and it has to do with the state of Illinois
is being told to pay the ESA
a half a million dollars for messing up
big time. Basically what happened is that
it's not just half a million, it's $510,528.64
and the reason why they have to do it is because they did an
unconstitutional effort to enact a law banning the sale of violent video games
and essentially you know legal fees blah blah blah
it adds up.
If controlling access to allegedly dangerous speech is important in promoting the positive
psychological development of children, in our society that role is properly accorded
to parents and families, not the state.
That coming from Judge Matthew F. Kenley.
Good for him.
Hopefully this will set a precedent.
We've had these in Minnesota and these other states trying to pass the same thing.
In Wisconsin?
Yeah, this needs to really be a shining example to them of what's going to happen when they
try to violate our rights.
And of course, the ESA had a field day, quote, Judge Kennelly's ruling sent two irrefutable
messages.
Not only are efforts to ban the sale of violent video games clearly unconstitutional, they
are a waste of taxpayer dollars.
Excellent.
So the taxpayers not only get to pay for them to...
Yep.
The sad fact is that the state of Illinois knew this law was unconstitutional from the
beginning taxpayers have a right to know that over half a million of their
dollars and countless government hours were thrown away in this fruitless
effort probably more than half a million dollars because you know to actually
propose this bill and stuff you know all those luncheons that they have to hold
and there are the past this stuff and the lobbyists of course
magazine Mac man in our chat room is also from Wisconsin it says Wisconsin
sucks I live there do you do you agree Maisie I see you're nodding your head
you agree Wisconsin sucks yeah it does not it not a place for gamers no no
unless unless you're in Madison then come visit my GameStop there you go I
work there do you get do you get hit on by boys at the GameStop yes do you get
hit on by girls at the GameStop no okay so if we have any you know girls who
like girls and Madison maybe they need to be oh wait no she's taken you better
not mine Chris will come out there and cut you off and I don't mean your
hair all right uh anyway when taxpayer dollars are wasted we get angsty don't
we dark Sakura oh hell yes and what happens when we get angsty people die
so let's bring on the F use of the weak dark Sakura my F you of the week goes
toward the sun the bright shining orb in the sky for leeching all of my energy
burning my chest my poor boots are burnt and making me really sleepy to where I
almost fell asleep on the road five times fuck you son
Loki my a few goes to people that are extremely rude when it comes to parking
their cars or not being able to park in their spaces we have this guy today when
I was going to get my smoothie and why is that funny cuz I can't have a smoothie shall
I explain smoothie amongst us is a euphemism for lesbian sex it's a big cup of smoothie
then and I suddenly I want nothing but frappuccinos for the rest of my life why what's a frappuccino
mean now it's like a sex oh okay well i'll take i'll take plenty of frappuccino thank you i need
actually it's been a while since i've had a frappuccino oh loki sorry anyways um so there's
some jackass that was sitting there his car had both of the doors open wide open and the guy wasn't
nowhere to be seen in his car he was just sitting down enjoying you know a coffee or something in
front of starbucks that happens to be next door but i don't know it's just really fucking rude
when people you know park their cars especially with the doors open or especially over the line
you get those wonderful suvs they're like my car is too big for one space so i'm gonna park in two
compact spaces but your car's not compact so you shouldn't be you know parking in one compact space
let alone both of them um is that it that's it my fu of the week would have to go towards sangria
for having some type of un like unexplainable control over me because i drank a lot of it on
Thursday, and I drank a lot of it on Friday. And I'm typically not a lush, but sangria
makes me want to be, because it's really yummy. But if you're under 21, you shouldn't drink
sangria. That's not good. Chris, do you have any FUs of the week you'd like to get out?
I do, actually. I think it's on. Is it on? Yeah. Okay. My FU goes to homeless people
in San Francisco, and I don't mean all of them. We went to the Castro district today,
Which for those of you who do not know is the gay and lesbian district of San Francisco, and we're walking by
There's a homeless guy
Just relaxing on the side of the street where everybody and their mother were walking and his penis was just hanging
Give me a dollar
He was just laying there, just hanging out. It wasn't even impressive either, I mean, there was a store right next to us with a big dog.
Wait, so he's just lying, I assume this is Market Street, or what is this? Oh, Castro.
So he's just, well, I mean, okay, having someone's cock hanging out in the middle of Castro Street is not that uncommon, I hate to tell you.
But it wasn't impressive.
Okay, I see.
I want an impressive cock when I go down, or Castro, serious.
Alright, uh, Megsy, do you have any interviews of the week you'd like to get out?
Yes, I do. I've got one, uh, me and Chris went up to, uh, Santa Cruz and went to...
Oh, yeah.
And went to the boardwalk, uh, and we were sitting on the beach, um, drawing stick figure porn in the sand.
And, um, we looked over and we were commenting on how there are some people who should just not wear bathing suits.
Um, mostly old guys.
Oh, wearing like the Speedo suits? It gets better, hold on.
Uh oh. So just as we were saying that, we look over and there's this
old guy. He's like, he's gotta be like
late 40s, early 50s.
He's dark tan. He's dark tan.
Balding. All hairy. He's all hairy.
He's got like the bling bling.
And so he's got this towel around him and I'm just like, oh my god, there's one of them.
and when he takes the towel off he has
a bright red Speedo with the Brazilian wax
yeah yeah yeah we were looking and trying to determine if he was waxed or not
we couldn't see we were kind of far away but
I think he was
and it gets better, wait, one more
then not only did this guy have the audacity to go out of the house but also
wear a bright red Speedo on the beach
Uh, his girlfriend or his wife or something started taking pictures of him and he started posing for these pictures
And adjusting himself
And I am not making this up. I am not exaggerating at all. We have pictures. It's called pokemon snap
Wow
You know in other countries
It's okay to wear speedo on the beach and a lot of times the people wearing them pretty hot like, you know
I've seen pictures on the internet, you know, this guy was not hot. I know I
Thought he was I see
That's unfortunate
Now we better get back into games or we're gonna get those angry emails, you know in those
Happy stuff orange lounge radio. They never talk about games. They talk about guys and speedos
Yeah, I hate orange. I hate you dark Sakura. Yeah, you're so mean
You know what fuck a whole bunch of them and not in a good way
I mean like with pogo stick no frappuccinos or smoothies for them
All right. Well, I've decided the euphemism for straight sex is potato. Let's let's go back into game news, please
I can't remember what it was. It's potato
It's potato. Okay potato
All right, so we do have some stuff from Namco
Namco bond I send out there at release list. So here's a few things coming up on
on PlayStation 2 we have pac-man world rally on August 22nd what Rob's giggling
like a little girl sorry Peter sent me this in chat it's it's guys in red
Speedos and Santa hats yeah they're actually pretty cute so thank you Peter
I appreciate so I appreciate the sacrifices listeners will make for me my
amusement as I let me just say I'm going to bookmark here I will when you're a
lesbian that's right like I was watching a lesbian episode of next today and it
was it was pretty hot like the two lesbians that got together in there they
were hot like they were just you know they were femi little Charlie's Angels
wannabe it was pretty hot that's not that's not real let's be important then
yeah whatever anyway anyway um also coming out as one piece on August 29th
xenosaga episode 3 on August 29th the fast and furious September 2006
IGPX September 2006 more one piece Pirates carnival on September 2006
that spell my moto fury Snoopy versus the Red Baron October dot hack GU volume
one rebirth Eureka seven of volume one sorry tales of the abyss fall 2006 not a
tote is the Mikey Chronicles in the winter a PSP payout poker and casino
whoopty shit Pac-man world rally August 22nd Snoopy versus the Red Baron ace
combat X or is that no it would be X witness not 10 they're not up that far
skies of deception bounty hounds in the fall fast and furious yay gun pay
PlayStation 3 I'm sorry piece of crap 3 mobile suit Gundam don't hold back I'm
not being shy about it I gave them the whole disappointment that sonic adventure
was all right rack server my ass so Xbox 360 mobile we have mobile ops the
one-year war GameCube we have pac-man world rally one piece grand adventure
one piece Pirates carnivals that's bomb mamodo fury on DS gun pay and mage night
Destiny Soldier, PC, Pac-Man World Rally, Mage Knight Apocalypse, Warhammer, Mark of
Chaos, Snoopy vs. the Red Baron, and Hellgate London to be determined.
I like in our chat room, I agree with this comment by Blackboy, Dot Hack Volume 1, yay.
I played a little bit of that at A3, it was fun.
I like the old Dot Hack games, they're fun.
Good times.
I like the cartoon anime, excuse me.
It's fun.
I haven't seen a whole lot of it, but it's fun.
Have I ever had the chat about you know I don't really watch anime
even though I know like a lot of our fans are really into it because the DDR
connection and what have you I'm just I'm not really that into it
it's okay but I'm just, I don't know. I go to an anime convention and I go
these people look like they're having fun which is cool and all but I just I don't
I don't get it. Cosplay. Oh well. Cosplay. Cosplay's
cute I guess sometimes but sometimes it's also very ugly. Do you? What do you cosplay as?
Wait, Maisie's telling us about her cosplay.
Um, let's see, I cosplayed as Belle Dandy from Oh My Goddess, uh, I cosplayed- I did, like, a girl version of Vash the Stampede from Trigun, uh, let's see, what else did I do?
Have you ever done Lulu? Because lesbian Lulus are awesome from Final Fantasy X.
You know, I was gonna do a Lulu.
Ooh, that's hot. I might turn for that, we'll see. Alright, uh, anyway, uh, well let's keep it moving.
Anywho, Sony's actually unveiled a brand new
portable media player, as if they need another one,
called the Mylo, not Mylo notice,
but Mylo, M-Y-L-O. And basically
it stands for My Life Online
and it's gonna be also able to use
Skype, Google, and Yahoo Chats. So that's kinda neat.
It's scheduled to release in September, and it's supposed to retail for about $350.
It has a 940 megabytes of RAM, as well as able to play most of the current music formats,
and also has a slide down QWERTY keyboard, unlike the PSP bastards, and a 2.4 inch screen.
So, awfully tiny.
but yeah so that's kinda interesting I guess they're trying to compete with
the Zune or something like that
but I don't know why don't you just get Blackberry
seriously okay
well you know more bad news for Sony honestly
there's this blogger and you probably have seen this around the internet it's
gotten
dug in a lot of places just for the sheer irony of it
It's this editor for the official PlayStation Magazine. Her name is Dana
Jay, and she wrote this thing on her 1UP blog
about how she plans on buying an Xbox 360 this November, even though she
works for the official PlayStation Magazine.
Basically saying that when they announced that the price would be $600,
she found her enthusiasm sagging. Here's a quote.
It's not that I find the concept of a $600 console insulting. Inflation happens
and it's natural that, eventually, initial prices will be higher than they used to be.
But when I know that a console's direct competitors cost two-thirds or half that price, it becomes
harder for me to justify shelling out that kind of money, especially when I can probably
get the Wii and the 360 combined for the cost of a PlayStation 3.
It goes on to say, there are very few big titles that are PS3 exclusive.
GTA IV and Assassins will be available for the 360 at the same time, and most of the
big guns Final Fantasy 13 Metal Gear Solid 4 won't be hitting for quite some
time after the launch that's kind of a big ouch but people seem to love that
story because of the irony I don't know what it is but whatever what do you guys
think is that just more pouring salt in the wounds of Sony or what they deserve
them you think what you're really you're really against ps3 um yeah why um well I
have my theories about ps3 but it doesn't it doesn't seem like it's worth the $600 price tag
at all um and plus i kind of have a little vendetta against sony oh i want to hear about
this what's the vendetta against sony um is just um well okay i'll i'll tell you the truth is that
i get a lot of stupid sony fanboys in my store i want to hear about sony fanboys no you don't
What do they do? What makes them stupid?
Because they'll say stuff...
Oh, sorry.
They'll say stuff, they'll come in and tell me how great PS3 is gonna be,
and I'll say, well, I'm not really looking forward to it.
There's nothing I really like on it.
And they'll try to convince me why I should get a PS3,
and I'm looking at this guy saying, dude, I work in the freaking store.
I think I know what I want.
Well, I'm wearing probably this Mario shirt, you know,
saying I want to get a Wii, not a PS3.
I mean, I like my PS2. It's got cool RPGs on it, but for the most part, I don't like
Sony.
After having played PS3 games, you are 100% correct. They are crap.
It's hard, because you make a good point at the end. You love the PlayStation 2, and I
love the PlayStation 2. I think we all love the PlayStation 2, and I think that's why
we all look at the PlayStation 3 and go, just keep putting out PS2 games, honestly. If that's
That's where you're gonna go, just don't even bother.
What they need to understand is, look at all these other console wars that have been going
on.
The Sega Genesis and the Super Nintendo.
The Xbox and Playstation 2.
Have you noticed a big, giant difference between the games that come out on both platforms?
They look almost the same.
They're very much the same.
makes you think that they're gonna all of a sudden you know hey let's develop a
game for the 360 and let's just spend some extra time on making a completely
different game but it's actually the same game for the PlayStation 3 with
better graphics but you know what they're not gonna spend the money to
develop those games because you know what they can port the same game over
and it'll be just fine on both systems. Let me go over the chat room real quick
for some comments orangelanatrader.com click on chat Fire Resurrected of the
The O.L. Army would like to say Amen, lesbian co-host person.
Let's see.
Macman says, but the Blu-ray, the Blu-ray, it is God in writable media.
Interesting.
If by God they mean, you know, God of BCs.
Black Boy says the $500 PS3 isn't really so lame.
Yes, it is.
People are allowed to have difference of opinion.
Fireboma says, damn, I wish I could resist the PS3, but I'm just going to shell out $600
dollars for it anyway I am a consumer
whore and how should have been the rest
of that comment no you know what I have
to know I still it despite all this I
kind of feel like I'm gonna end up
getting a PlayStation 3 anyway I will at
some point but I'm not gonna launch yeah
I'm not all excited about because the
thing is about the launch games there's
nothing that makes it really stand out
for me there's I mean and and to be
honest all the other games that are out
there like even flat out to or not flat
out to um full auto 2 was the one for me
I was like whoo that looks really good, but it's coming out on the 360 later on and so it's not a big deal
What I think is gonna be really interesting is seeing what their marketing campaign is gonna be for this and seeing how they're gonna try
To convince people to spend the $600 for it
I don't think you're gonna be able to you're gonna see that because those 1080p TVs out there
I know because I'm pricing them right now. They're like three grand
I mean now I'm sure there's gonna be some angry Sony fanboys out there that want to write
you know, angry emails, Orange Lounge Radio, I hate you, Loki, you're a dick, nah nah nah.
We welcome those emails, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and maybe we'll read some on next week.
Why are you letting that lesbian speak on your show about PlayStation?
She doesn't know what she's talking about, nah nah nah nah.
Go back to munching carpet, nah nah nah.
Alright, so mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
So no, if you have an intelligent rebuttal, we would happily read your emails on there.
if you write something stupid we're just gonna forward it to Magsy. And you know what? I
really want to see the PS3 do well. I wanted to see them launch it with a new Twisted Metal
game. That would have been awesome. That would have sold the system for me, but to be honest
right now they seem to be a step behind everybody and the fact that they haven't released any
details about what exactly their online service is going to be, because I think to be honest
they don't know what it's going to be like right now. I don't even think they have that
stuff finalized yet. So until I hear some more details about how wonderful this system
is, based on specs and price alone, I'm not going to be buying it at launch.
Alright. Well, let's change the tune to something happier. DarkSakura, don't you agree?
Yes.
And DarkSakura always likes to make us happy by surfing the internet and telling us about
her happy place on the internet this week and sharing it with the internet. So DarkSakura,
What is your happy website of the week?
My webpage of the week is Mr. Pinball.
It's www.xmission.com slash tilde d-a-i-n-a slash pinball dot html.
And basically Mr. Pinball is a site they restore, buy, sell, trade, repair pinball machines.
They have classified ads, pricing guides, t-shirts, hats, bugs and more!
Repair tips of the day, pinball collector registry, pinball machine photos.
It's probably one of the oldest pinball sites on the internet as far as information, tips,
that type of thing, so go check it out.
Alright.
Awesome.
Anyways...
Oh, hi.
My turn, huh?
My bad.
Moving on, I have one more...
Well, you started talking, I thought you had the next story and
Loki's sitting there going, I can make up a story.
He's saying that I was awesome and that my taste in websites is, yeah.
Oh, I thought, weren't we going to do Orange Lounge Lying Radio
or something one week because everybody calls us liars anyway?
Would you like to come up with the Orange Lounge Radio fib game news of the week?
The fib game news of the week?
Yes.
The Playstation 3 being good?
Oh, Maisie has one.
Okay, here's our not true Orange Lounge Radio news story of the week.
the week. Sony has just announced that the PS3 will also include a George Foreman grill.
The PlayStation 3 has already sold over 50 million units before its launch, making it
the fastest system to ever reach that number. Amazing. You heard it here first on Orange
Lounge Radio. I just bought mine off eBay. It'll also do your laundry and your homework.
And it'll suck your lollipop clean! The ones you buy at Disneyland, the happiest place
on Earth because pure people like to go to Disneyland. Moving on, here's a true article.
Wait, I got one more. What? Okay, yeah. Okay. Landfill in San Francisco this week actually
started rumbling from all the dual shocks that have been buried in there causing an
earthquake, which is ironic because San Francisco gets a lot of earthquakes. Wow.
Wow.
Moving on.
This story is true, even though some people think it's a lie.
It really is true, and it has to do with World of Warcraft, the Burning Crusade.
Lots of people get their characters to 60, and then it's all about the endgame.
Endgame, endgame, endgame. Well, guess what?
Endgames have typically been 40-man raids.
Molten Core, Blackwing Lair, so on and so on.
And that's not going to change, but what's going to happen is that the new endgames in the Burning Crusade,
they're gonna be capped at 25 people. So
folks are gonna have to get used to all new party setups and all new strategies
for endgame battle because you're gonna be reduced in the amount of people you
can take
on those raids. So no more taking along Leroy Jenkins just for comic value.
You're gonna have to get less people to work with so you're gonna have to take along
folks who definitely know what they're doing and won't run into battle before
you're all ready.
But the chicken will still be good.
FYI
Anyway, that's gonna do it for the end of this segment of orange lounge radio here on the live show
We're gonna take a break and that means our podcast is gonna get split at this point
But be sure to tune in later this week for part B of orange lounge radio and we'll be back right after this
Orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
