Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 196 for this, August the 20th of 2006, and we're in part B of our
podcast.
Thank you guys so much for downloading us on iTunes or Podcast Alley or Yahoo
Podcast or whatever
podcast program you decided to use to check us out. We really appreciate it.
You're supporting independent radio and that is quite awesome so thank you guys
very much.
We're here to celebrate the gamer lifestyle and gaming culture
and you know anybody can just repeat what you read on gamer blogs but
you know when it's real people and real gamers who have been doing this for a while talking
about it, we like to think it puts a different angle
on everything so thank you guys for checking us out. So we're going to get right back into the
news and
kind of along with independent gaming I guess this kind of fits into that whole
thing doesn't it Logie?
Exactly because if you want to make an independent game
and have it on live then you're in luck. Microsoft is actually releasing a new
package called
XNA that'll help you do that. It's going to be some development tools and libraries to help
develop a game and actually eventually get it onto
live arcade or you know something like that.
It is going to cost you, though, to get it actually onto Live and all that stuff, $99 I believe, but you can develop for free and at least be able to, I think, upload it to your own, you know, Xbox or whatever, but yeah, it should be pretty cool.
Details on it are a bit scarce right now, but they are going to be adding some info coming up in the next couple weeks here when it actually launches, so it's actually pretty cool, though.
And basically, like I said, the $99 subscription or whatever, per year, allows you to become part of this Creators Club, which will offer you downloadable samples of games to help you get your stuff created.
Also, well, unfortunately the games are not going to be outside the service, so it's pretty much, you know, to help you out with developing games.
That might be kind of a fun thing to get into if I, you know, was more of a programmer.
I hate programming, personally, nothing against you guys that love to program.
I have a lot of respect for you guys because I found it to be tedious and boring as shit
when I did it in college, but this is a neat idea.
I really like the idea of, you know, some of these games that we see created could graduate
to Xbox Live, essentially, and really buff up the Xbox Live community.
I think it's a kind of a smart response in a way to Nintendo's Virtual Console
which will have
many many many games on it to start. It's kind of a way for Xbox Live Arcade to
sort of buff up, so to speak.
This also says that they're gonna, the subscription also gets you a copy of the
runtime libraries for
basically the 360, so
yeah, pretty much you're gonna need those
to make the games. But at least you can start designing, and I know there's a lot of creative
people out there.
It is going to be available, beta release of it, on August 30th.
So look for those.
Alright, going to comments from our chat room there.
Cutris in our chat room says, it is tedious and boring as shit, referring to programming,
and that's why some people like it.
Well said.
Black Wolf says, you can't send a game you wrote for the 360, send to someone who does
not pay that $99 a year.
True, but hypothetically, games made with this, what I was saying is that games made
with this could, like the cream of the crop, could graduate to regular Xbox 360, right?
Yeah.
That's the idea.
I hope.
So that would be kind of neat.
Yeah, so that's kind of what they're hoping for, at least.
All right.
Well, speaking of things that are fan-made, and sometimes these can be better than the
ones that are Hollywood-made, that's right, I'm talking about movies.
And there is a Devil May Cry fan movie being made.
It's called Devil May Cry Sins Remembered, and it's something that Capcom execs are supposed
to watch at Dragon Con in Atlanta later this year.
It's being produced by an independent company called Shadow Motion Pictures in Atlanta and
being directed by R.L. Scott.
Evil Unleashed is a gaming site that has an interview with the director in which he talks
about how it's been challenging to bring Devil May Cry to the screen.
Quote, I did not want to see a film that was completely from their own writers as it would
not be a pure representation of what I could offer them as a filmmaker.
It's only going to be a 50-minute picture and it's basically kind of being used to sort
of promote R.L. Scott as a filmmaker, but hey, it's Devil May Cry.
He has worked on some other Hollywood productions as well, including The Legend of Bagger Vance
and Underworld, so we'll see.
He's going to be using this promo to try and sell a full-length feature called Devil Hunter,
so we'll see how good this movie actually is.
It sounds like it's going to be shown at Dragon Con.
It should be interesting for those of you folks that are attending.
And I understand our good buddy Bobby Blackwolf is actually going to be on a podcasting panel
there, kind of similar to what we did at Fonami, and I think the whole thing is airing on all
games.
So, check that out a little closer to Dragon Con.
Hmm, that's pretty cool.
And especially if you're looking for the game movies, probably the biggest game movie you're
going to be looking forward to I should say, well maybe not the biggest game movie, there
is going to be a Hitman movie script that's actually leaked out and Latino review of course,
the usual suspect for reviewing those types of scripts, since they actually reviewed,
I think, the Halo 3 script, maybe, I can't remember. I know they've gotten their hands
on like Transformers and stuff. But anyways, they have a review of the Hitman script and
they said that it's actually going to be pretty good as far as the movie goes. You know, whether
this is going to be one of the better adaptations out there right now. Of course, I think the
mark's going to be set by Halo 3, whenever the hell that gets out. The mark will definitely
not be set by Dead or Alive, the movie, because that's gonna suck. But, lots of DNA, I hope.
But anyways, moving on, we've got some stuff for ChromeHounds, actually getting some more
content. In fact, they had some more downloadable parts. Unlike the last one, though, these
cost you money. And 100 Microsoft Points for some of the weapons, and I believe the other
ones were for 60 Microsoft points. They add weapon spacers and whatnot, and I think a
new camo package. But I don't know, do you guys think that actually buying parts for
ChromeHounds is kind of a good thing? I like downloading the free parts because I know
you can actually go to the online store in ChromeHounds once you've purchased them and
like buy an infinite amount of them. I haven't really played enough ChromeHounds to really
tell so why don't you answer that question because you've actually played
crow mounds as well is it gonna be worth is it gonna be worth the points I don't
know I mean I think a hundred points for like all of them would be good but it's
like a hundred and sixty points for it each one and there's about you know well
if people buy horse armor I mean there's gonna be somebody that buys this but you
know what though a horse armors I don't know unless you're really hardcore in
the armored core then maybe but the only thing I don't like about it is you don't
really know what the parts are until you actually buy them so I mean you don't
know what the stats are on them that's a little different and I think that's kind
of one thing that you know maybe the PlayStation 3 will have an advantage of
over like say the marketplace and on live right now you actually get to see
you know say if you're gonna purchase tracks or whatever you can see it in the
game and see the specs for it then use your Microsoft points to buy you know
well, Sony points, whatever you're gonna call them, to buy those items, whereas this, it's
kind of like, Light Arms I. Hmm, well what the hell is that? You know, so. Yeah, I'll
probably buy them. Alright. Because I'm a sucker for that crap. Yeah, you are a sucker
for that crap. Alright, well, one thing a lot of us is a sucker for is Guitar Hero II,
and earlier this week, Joystiq reported that Red Octane is doing three new sequels to Guitar
Hero and we've got Guitar Hero World Tour, Guitar Hero Encore, and Guitar Hero
Axe Grinder are all titles that are under consideration. This isn't too much
of a surprise when you consider we had a story about six months ago or so when
Guitar Hero was first getting big that said they wanted to do a variety of
sequels to Guitar Hero so I don't know is this gonna be over saturation? I
wonder if they'll make a sequel and the game will actually be good. You're like
the one person that doesn't like Guitar Hero. Why don't you like Guitar Hero? It's not fun and I
hate the music but you like guitar freaks right I like it just a little
more which means I still don't like it huh I just think that if I wanted to
play frequency or amplitude I could play frequency or amplitude to have better
songs but you were you ever the type as a kid like at any point in your life did
you you know pretend to do the air guitar and I'll tend that you were a rock
guitar guy no or did you pretend you were Madonna no I would have killed my
I had to ask, I had to ask.
No, they need the hat.
They should have Madonna Hero. Somebody in the chat room agrees with me, Psycoon says
Guitar Hero blows. That's two people. I'm sure that there is going to be a
backlash against Guitar Hero because of the uber popularity the game has had.
I like Guitar Hero, it's a great game. The only thing that
ruffles my feathers is when people say it's this original new concept that's
never been done before and I'm like... Well, that bugs me too. Or when people say that Beat
Mania was a copy of Guitar Hero, I'm like, uh, no.
I'll say it before, I'll say it again, Guitar Hero
made music games like that accessible. Yeah.
Made it mainstream. That's absolutely right. And of course there are other people who are gonna hate it
because they're into Year of the Now because it made it into mainstream.
Sad but true, it's a game where people are gonna look at it and they're not
inclined to go,
that's gay. Like, you know, when people are playing DDR you have the, you know,
stupid a-holes that
walk by the machine and look at the people playing DDR and go,
that's gay.
Yet, for some reason, playing a plastic guitar in the middle of your living room is not gay.
Actually, that's funny because we have one of my bosses at work, he's a guitarist,
and he, you know, when we did the interview with the local news station here,
and I got a copy of the game finally, I showed him it and he's all pretty much,
that's gay.
So it kind of is funny when you think about it.
That's crap. That's not a real guitar. That's a toy.
How about with all these Guitar Hero sequels, we get Guitar Hero Gay?
I mean, SingStar did it, right?
Oh, God.
We already have Karaoke Revolution for that.
I don't know. The Karaoke Revolution is cool.
And they have the country one, which would totally not be gay.
Now, Karaoke Revolution American Idol...
I don't know. Sounds pretty gay to me.
You don't know the song list.
I'm just wait for a song list. Okay. All right, right, but no no, that'd be that's clay. I'm
You're an idiot. I'm assuming the song list is probably since it is like licensed through American Idol
I'm assuming we've got Kelly Clarkson Clay Aiken Fantasia Ruben
You can assume all you want but just hold your reservation
All right
Fine, I'll hold my reservations for a few more days and then once it gets like fully announced with a song list
Then you can say well, it's a terrible game like I say, but until then you're not allowed to say that
Harry K. Ames sums it up very well in our chat room people who use gay as an insult are gay
But I don't use it as an insult Rob probably does I
Do loser fine, but I wanna leave you like that's homosexual
Then, you're from the Midwest.
Gay means two things.
Gay means happy, and gay is a man that likes to date other men, or a woman who likes to
date other women.
It's like a dual meaning thing.
Hey, you know what?
This is off topic, so why don't you get back on topic?
Great!
Alright, one thing that is definitely not gay is epics.
Remember epics?
They were a big company on the Commodore 64.
Who?
No.
Okay.
How about Impossible Mission?
I don't know any of those games.
California Games?
I remember California Games.
Never mind.
There you go.
Thank you.
Okay, look.
Epix has been dormant for a long, long time.
System 3 is the development house that changed its name to Studio 3 and then back to System
3, and they are bringing back the Epix name as well as Epix Games.
In January, System 3 is going to release Impossible Mission for the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo
O.D.S.
Stay wild.
Stay forever.
If you've ever played Impossible Mission, you'll get that.
Oh god, that was like my favorite Commodore 64 game.
That's what that does for me is nostalgia squee all over, definitely.
Hopefully it's better than the Impossible Mission 2 that was on the Genesis, I think.
It was pretty bad.
It was a pretty bad translation.
Anyway, there's also going to be a California Games coming to both systems in May.
They won't be remakes of the original titles, they won't be 3D either.
Quote, you got to keep the gameplay mechanics the same or else it ceases to be the original game
and you're only using the game brand to sell games.
It ceases to be Impossible Mission or California Games or what have you.
What we're doing is we're incorporating the original gameplay and mechanics and bringing the gameplay up to date.
I like this guy.
I like this guy.
I like this guy.
You do not update a game like you update, say, NARC.
That isn't the way you do it.
You don't put Bill Bellamy in anything.
This guy has got it.
So I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what they produce.
You know what?
I'm going to write him a letter and try to get him on the show.
I want to talk to this guy.
I like the way he thinks.
Anyways, I'm kind of on a completely different subject.
And speaking of updating things, the FENTOM!
is back. Um, they're actually going to be re-emerging the console as a PC download service.
And um, yeah, so you'll actually be able to, um, download Phantom games to your PC. Which
it was anyways, I mean, it was basically PC. Will they disappear as soon as I download
them? No. But yeah, there's official relaunch going on over at the website phantom.net.
yay do we care
no you gotta give these guys credit because they just keep trying
and trying and eventually something will happen
what have they done they've tried they had a fun little booth at E3
I really like their booth at E3 that was a nice booth to sit in
I mean literally I could have set money on fire
and that would have been fun too but you wouldn't want to sit on that
interesting little flash video and I might add
they probably spent more time on the flash video than they did the actual I
don't know phantom
I'm sorry I don't know how to spin this a nice way
I'm not saying they're good people because they're obviously not good people
well you can touch and play with the phantom lap board
look no no no I'm saying the reverse I mean I don't blame the people I blame
the management behind this whole thing in the marketing
Obviously, I mean, I just think we're asked nice made that they think that somebody still cares and they're still trying
You know what though if you're interested in checking out the phantom you can either check it out in Germany next week during
Leipzig or
You can check it out at digital life coming in October 12 through the 15th
Blackwolf says they should put out a game called phantom vision. I
Wouldn't play that
Now what it boils down to is they can't make vaporware systems anymore
So they're just gonna offer vaporware over the internet stuff. That's never going to ever be released
I want to hey look if anyone from Phantom is listening and thinking we're giving you guys a bad rap
Seriously, you are accordingly invited to come on the show and defend yourself
I got it freedom of speech doesn't matter. They're going to release Duke Nukem forever on
phantom online
I've been Larry's
you know they might be like trying to put out something eventually
but you still give them credit for putting money into something that's not
gonna work
I like DJ Jinai's thought in chat here
Fast and the Furious Oregon Trail Drift remix
I guess that's a phantom game that's gonna come out
If they released something that had an Oregon Trail in it you know it would sell like
20 copies to the people that still share
gang midnight Oregon Trail tune. Well look, Phantom, you're not alone in taking a lot
of heat for being a console. The PlayStation 3! Some more news about the PlayStation 3.
There was a report that was released this week that basically said, quote, by the time
third generation consoles reach market maturity in 2011, the PlayStation 3 will once again
be the market leader. Boy, I wish I could be an analyst. I get paid to talk out of my
ass. I mean, maybe, I don't know, maybe, but based on what's there right now, I don't see
it happening. According to the nieces, you talk out of your ass for free. Is this going
to take them until 2011? But by then we'll all be rich, and that's why... Another thing
that should be noted, PlayStation 3s have still not gone into production, and we're
not that far away from the launch date. So as we get further and further out here, shortages
become more and more likely.
Please say you should three will dominate all.
Oh, we haven't started making them yet.
Don't worry.
We'll stay up late the night before, we'll get them all then.
Stories like these that just make no sense to all with us, I just learned how to talk
tonight.
that make no sense at all to us, make us angsty, or make us laugh, and brings on the FUs of
the week.
I'd like to start off tonight since Dark Sakura isn't here.
I would like to give an FU to my bad grammar skills and give a big giant FU to Loki for
for making fun of them and uh... laughing in my ear which throws me off
a further that you
will change the dick to any like span of vision
i think that's a bad thing
uh... low-key reviews the week
after you stupid people who can't fucking pull up to the god damn stoplight
or line
i've seen people like six car length
before the stop sign
stoplight whatever
there just stop there
Talking on their cell phones, of course, because they're jackasses and not paying attention to where they need to be.
Or the people that drive in the goddamn, like, bike lane, because they're not paying attention, or driving over the lane, all over the place.
They should really ban cell phones while driving.
Meagletob.
Okay, I got two FUs for short.
FU to eating rabbit, because rabbit actually ended up not tasting that great.
I was very disappointed.
however lamb is lamb is is worse than rabbit so lamb it tastes like dirty
meat and I actually like my meat not from next to it. okay what is your other F.U. of Mr. Chumming
Flash is the best game ever it's not the best game ever it's just really far up
there my other F.U. goes to myself for not learning a certain toggle bell
employees work schedule so I can stalk him effectively. F.U. to the fact he's
probably under 18 and this is all being documented. He's so not under 18, and if he is, I can
delete this. Drew, you're FU. Alright, FU to have a clean house, unrealization that
yeah, he does the forest pretty well, but Mr. Clean's a dick. Before I saw all the allergies
I ever had, and some I didn't know I had. FU to obligatory stupid drivers, especially
in the country called Lanes area. Learn how to fuckin' park, would ya? I'm just tryin'
to get in, out, no fuckin' about, and these people are just blocking the driveway. Yeah,
that's about it. Alright.
Anyway, speaking of stupid, there's a stupid idea going around on Kotaku here. Apparently
people have been emailing them saying, Hey! You know that awesome movie Snakes on a Plane?
Is there gonna be video game? No, no, there's not and they're like, well why the hell not so they propose that
They make the snakes on play video game snakes in a game. I think I think it's stupid boo. I
Feel like I'm like the only person my age who hasn't seen snakes on a plane. I haven't seen it
No, you two are lame. Go see it
Why if I was 10 years older and closer to your age is a lie
You are not that much younger than I was are you saying I'll go see it. I am too. No, you're not. How old are you?
old enough to be ten years younger than you would be 18 and it would be okay for you to be stalking the
Taco Bell guy who's probably saying all right
True you actually saw the movie right? Yeah, I was it worth the hype it kicked ass really. Yeah
I'm at that point where I'm like
I feel like Snakes on a Plane jumped the shark before it ever came out.
It lived up to the hype in the sense that we knew it was going to be cheesy, we knew
it was going to be a bad movie, but it has like the Rocky Horror appeal.
It's best when it's seen in a theater.
You have to have like the audience participation.
For those that don't know, the show I was on before Orange Lounge Radio was Under Sedation
Live which was born of a Rocky Horror thing, like this was born of a DDR thing.
So I know very well the audience participation thing in and out.
have to have the audience participation all right I'll give it a try but see now
I'm worried that I missed opening weekend because no one will go see it
with me that you know I'm gonna just kind of miss out on everything do you
know you threw snakes at the but you went with yeah we know some of the
something something awful kids yeah I went with a pair of goons we had rubber
snakes around our necks who were at random points were just throwing snakes
down into the crowd and the people are enjoying it everyone was heckling and
riffing and throwing the snakes back and forth.
It was a good time, but the movie itself will probably just lose its appeal when it's not
in a theater.
You know what movie was underappreciated for audience participation value?
Showgirls.
Ugh, absolutely frightening.
Next up, that's pretty funny, Showgirls.
Moving on to something that could be only popular as a cult phenomenon, the PlayStation
3.
Oh, we pick on them so much.
I feel bad.
I've really tried not to.
I try to find positive stories.
I do.
I do too.
But did they go and say we're not making them the other day?
Well, this is good.
I mean, okay, so the PlayStation 3 hasn't gone into development yet, but what happened
recently is Sega had a PlayStation 3 day and there was a demo of Full Auto 2 battle lines
and IGN got to take a peek at this and basically, to make a long story short, you know, obviously
the dev kits are there the controller was smart enough to realize what system
and what player it's connected to and the PlayStation Network appears to be up
and running at this time so the PlayStation Network platform appears to
be up and running because these folks were demoing the game on there and so
the developers are able to use it so something's ready so I guess that's a
good sign. Full Auto 2 wasn't bad I remember playing it at E3 it wasn't bad
I like full auto. It was okay.
It was okay. I don't know, I kinda think they'll be other driving games that'll make me go,
wow, a little more, but you know.
Like, uh, never mind.
I don't know.
Like, I wish... I'm not gonna say it, I swear to God I'm not gonna say it. I wish they could do like a Mario Kart,
I mean it's inevitable we'll have a Mario Kart on the Wii, but like a Mario Kart
in like super high def, 720 and all that, cause you know, obviously the Wii's not
gonna support that. I would like to see a very pretty Mario Kart. We need to get in contact with Square and have him do
Rad Racer 3. How about Chocobo Racing on the PlayStation, Chocobo Racing 2 on the
PlayStation 3, that's what I'd like to see.
That'd work. Alright, fine by me, we can agree on that.
Speaking about the Wii and online,
kind of the repeated something we were talking about earlier with Reggie
and talking about how the online service is going to be free
and basically kind of enhancing the way you're
playing games, which you know, you've probably already been doing that on Xbox Live.
But yeah, it's basically, it's gonna be massive amounts of hands-on activity as well as showcasing exactly how the Wii games are different.
They're talking about the, of course, their brand new games and how they're gonna market them and stuff.
And of course, we're gonna create advocacy and we're gonna make it so that everyone who tries the Wii experience talks to their friends and neighbors.
So, of course they're gonna do that because they're not showing it to the press.
They're showing it to secret parties of ravers.
I'll get my pacifier and candy bracelets ready for the
Wii bus to come by. No, but their online service is gonna be okay.
I'll get my Darude CD. Look at the, I mean, here's the thing too.
I mean, if you look about it, the
DS Wi-Fi connect service, you know, we hear people talking about that and stuff,
But we forget that PSP actually has their infrastructure
mode that, you know, is Wi-Fi online too, but,
I mean, you don't really see them pushing that very much,
which I find very interesting that Sony's not even trying to say, hey,
by the way, our games are also connected over the Internet
as well, but they don't really have a service
provided. I don't think they actually use Sony's servers or anything. Kind of like the PlayStation 2 does.
So, I thought that was interesting.
Well one new game that folks are going to be playing online and you know there's going to be some
hardcore nerds that are going to be into this game
And it's actually dark soccer and I got to check out this game at E3 and like a little behind the scenes thing and it's
Pretty cool at Star Trek Legacy is going to be coming out and what was announced this week
Is that all five original captains will be reprising their voices inside the game at E3
They wouldn't really tell us like they said they couldn't comment on the voice acting but that they were trying to get some big names
Well, it looks like they pulled it off
Shatner, Patrick Stewart, Scott Bakula, Avery Brooks, and Kate Mulgrew have all stepped
up to be in the game.
That's right, Star Trek Legacy is kind of like a Star Trek fan's wet dream.
You basically can command any of the spaceships in the Star Trek.
When they say legacy, they are trying to encapsulate everything, and it's basically a ship strategic
command fighting game, which I think a lot of people are going to be really into, especially
the Star Trek fans, I think that kind of is a natural fit.
And you know, in seeing the early demo, it looks really, really good.
The game graphically is really well, and I kind of thought it was cool what they did
in the demo, and this was all real time when they did it, they kind of duplicated the big
fight from the end of Star Trek II Wrath of Khan, like the big Klingon fight at the end
there, so that was kind of neat, to kind of watch that being recreated in this game.
So if you're a Star Trek fan, you can't miss this one, you're gonna, especially with no
show on right now. You can spend your Saturday and Sunday afternoons instead of watching
the reruns. You can play some Star Trek Legacy and online.
It's pretty awesome. One cool game that's also coming out here, or I should say is already
out, by the creator of Warning Forever, you know, a fun game that I like to play, Rayhound.
And Rayhound is actually pretty cool. It requires, you actually don't shoot any weapons in this
What you have is these kind of turrets that are shooting at you, these lasers, and you can pull up a shield that causes the laser to basically spin around you in kind of an orbital fashion.
And you use that to throw the lasers back into the actual turrets themselves.
And each level as it progresses, more and more turrets are on the screen and gets more crazy.
You know, it's the kind of simple gameplay that's fun.
And what's great is you can actually download it for free.
So what you need to do is definitely check out the game because I did and it's awesome. You can find it at
www.18.big.or.jp and then the little
ampersand symbol
hiccoza.prod
and then
That should pull it up for you or just basically search for a warning forever in Rayhound and you'll find it in any search engine
But it's pretty sweet. So check it out.
Alright. Well, I said earlier
during the bonus segment, which can only be heard live, but you folks on the
podcast don't know it yet,
we're going to be playing a game tonight in studio. The feedback to the match game
last week was pretty...
you guys seem to like that. So we want to do more of that here on the program.
So we're going to do another game tonight, and this is a new game that we
haven't done here on Orange Lounge Radio.
and it's called beat the host with a stick
K so we're gonna take a caller no because you might eat tonight you and
mikkel dov count as hosts
so you might get beaten with a stick alright let's go to the phones and get a
caller for tonight's game
hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this oh my god I got picked
who is this Ravens dolphin hello Ravens dolphin how are you doing tonight
I'm doing fine alright now sounds really fine
Yeah, he's happy. He got pictures. This is gonna be a fun game Ravenstaufen
How would you say your knowledge is on old-school video games?
Super Nintendo finesse, I guess I guess pretty good. Okay, would you be willing to challenge one of our hosts tonight in?
Exactly who's got more skill in identifying songs from old-school video games. Come on, you know, you want to throw down? Yeah
Yeah, I'll try. All right, I'm pretty sure I know old-school video games. All right, Ravenstaufen
And there's three people you can challenge tonight, you can't challenge me because I
wrote the damn thing, but you can challenge Drunami, Miklotov, or Loki, who's it going
to be?
Oh my god, I want Loki.
Alright!
Raven's Dolphin is going to challenge Loki, Loki, I'm going to have to ask you to leave
the studio, because you're going to have to come in second, so please go to our isolation
room there, and you can come on back a little later.
Raven's Dolphin, I have to ask you to leave our chat room.
I see you logged in there right now, so I'm going to, actually I'm just going to go ahead
kick you from chat cuz we can't have them helping you out.
I'm kicking both those names from chat right now.
Alright, you ready to play? No, I still haven't closed the
chat client yet. Alright, that's right. I've booted you from the room so that you can't see.
Now our chat room can play along here. Here's how it's gonna work.
What we have is we have a one minute long
clip of songs strung together from
10 old 8-bit video games.
now you're gonna hear this one minute clip and it feel free if you have a pen
and pencil whatever you can start writing if you want
K at the end of this you're gonna have 30 seconds to tell me
what 10 games were in that clip
K and whoever gets more wins and if you actually win tonight's game we will let
you
do something very special in a couple weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio
regarding the DDR premieres we announced earlier this evening all right
all right sound good I'll try my best I can't
I can't guarantee anything.
All right, well try your best.
That's all we can ask.
And of course, chat room, feel free to play along.
You guys will actually get to hear this twice,
because you'll get to hear it again when
Logie comes back, and folks playing on the podcast as well.
We have a lot of folks out there that I know
think they could do really well on this, so see how well you do.
All right?
All right, you ready, Rafe and Dolphin?
You only get to hear it once.
You ready?
All right.
All right, here we go.
Alright Ravenstaufen, you have 30 seconds to name back 10 games.
Go uh Metroid yes fight fight club. I'm at fight punch out. Sorry punch out. Yes, are you three?
Yes, ice climber. Yes final fantasy. Yes
I don't know the other ones. I was gonna say a site fight, but
I'm sure that's wrong
No
Uh, I sure I heard of what was it forget I told you
5 seconds
I'll forget it. Alright time's up
you got 5 out of 10 you got half of them that's not that bad you got Metroid
punch out Mario 3 Final Fantasy and Ice Climber okay
alright we're gonna see if Loki does any better
Drunami if you'd be so kind run out and get Loki for us
alright Ravens Dolphin stay on the line and see how it does oh you bet
all right
all right
welcome back, Loki
alright, and Loki's getting situated here back in studio
okay here's how it's gonna work, Loki
you're gonna hear a one-minute clip of ten
old-school 8-bit Nintendo games music all strung together
then you're gonna have 30 seconds after you hear the clip
to repeat back to me
the ten songs that you heard in the clip, alright?
No. Any way you want, okay?
Okay.
Alright, so you ready?
Yeah.
Here we go, you only get to hear this once.
Now you can feel free, you can actually make notes, or make notes there if you want, okay?
Because we let him write, but he wasn't allowed to be in the chat room to do that.
Well, hold on.
So you can't be in chat either, Loki.
I'm not, well I'm not even watching chat, I'm just...
Alright.
Hold on, hold on.
I want to kick you from chat anyway.
Alright.
You're a bastard.
Alright. You ready?
Hold on.
Alright.
I don't...
He's bringing up Notepad here.
Yes I am.
We are playing Beat the Host here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Do you feel pretty confident about how you did Raven's Dolphin?
Don't tell him the score, but do you think you feel confident with your score?
I feel pretty.
You feel pretty?
I feel pretty too.
You ready, Loki?
I am.
Quit wasting time here.
Here we go!
This is the end of the video, thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
All right, Loki, that was the clip.
You have 30 seconds to say them back.
Go.
Yes.
Final Fantasy.
Yes.
Ice Climber.
Yes.
Goonies 2.
Yes.
Uh, Metroid.
Yes.
And...
Aw, crap.
Um...
I should write down more of these.
That's all I got.
You sure?
You have 20 more seconds.
I'm thinking.
I only wrote down like half of them.
Just start naming titles, you might get it.
Time's almost up!
No.
Five seconds.
That's true.
And...
Time's up!
All right, yep, it's tied up.
Ravenstaufen got five and Loki got five.
So it's all tied up.
And since I wasn't creative enough
to think of a tiebreaker, it will just
have to be a stalemate, OK?
That's fine by me.
All right, so Ravenstaufen, you know what?
We could be nice.
What do you think, Loki?
Should we just give him the prize anyway?
Sure.
All right, Ravenstaufen, we'll see you back here in two weeks.
You're going to help us out with the DDR Power Preview, OK?
Ooh, can't wait.
All right, sounds good.
That's genuine excitement.
But Ravenstaufen, I bet you're dying to know what the correct answers were.
I'm dying.
Alright, here we go.
Here they are, chat room.
Metroid.
I can't believe no one got the next one.
Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!
I forgot to write it down, that's why I did it by memory.
Super Mario Bros. 3.
Willow.
Shadowgate.
I should remember that.
Shadow Gates.
Final Fantasy.
Ice Climber.
Goonies 2
Gyruss, which you DDR people should know. Gyruss.
And lastly, Ninja Gaiden.
That was the 10.
You should be lucky that you did not pick me because I got 6.
Oh, thank god. Well, I would have had 6 too had I wrote down all the titles instead of saying,
I'll remember the first two.
I think I would have got like three, so I was the easy kill.
So you could have won flat out if you tried to do that.
But I told the chatroom I knew a lot of them, so I saved face.
But now that I admitted it, I lost my saving face.
All right, chatroom once posted there,
so I will post the list there on orangelaundraider.com.
Click on Chat.
There's the list for you folks in chat.
Ravenstaufen, thanks so much for playing our dumb little game
with us.
Sorry you did not get to beat the host tonight,
but maybe next time.
You got to push him a little bit.
It was a push.
yeah that was fun all right anything else you want to share with listeners before we uh let you
go and get back to the news snakes on a plane looks funny the way you said that was funny i
have to say and it is funny in a very dark sort of way all right it's like a dark comedy it's
great all right take care ravens dolphin have a good one bye that was really weird how he said
that yeah he got really excited about that one he kind of sounded like um god what's that ashtin
Kuchar when he said that a little bit anyway I was trying to see how well the
chat room did there looks like some folks really like the game I want to see
that again so we'll do that so it looks like willow is the big stumper for most
people there but for what it's worth I thought the last one was double dragon
not Ninja Gaiden I know very close for next time to write down everything I
hear instead of just saying oh I'll remember those and not to go it's tough
I figured folks in chat would really like that game and the folks listening
on the podcast because you kind of get to play you should have done more random
games like throwing a pickle cubicle or something like that. You know what, if we do it again,
maybe it'll be Super Nintendo, maybe we'll be arcade. You know, if I wanted to be really
mean, I'd do Commodore 64 games. Do Virtual Boy games. Alright. Maybe some other time
we'll do Beat the Host with a stick, but for now we're going to get back into the gaming
news. Anyways, there is a rumor going around this week that Walmart had stopped selling
bully because of pressure from a certain somebody and we'll call him J.T. and rhymes with Fuck
Omsen. Anyways, it's not. It didn't have anything to do with him and it says, it's actually
because they decided as a company policy not to take pre-orders on titles that aren't rated
yet and it was funny though because Walmart spokesperson John Simley he made
a comment he saw I'd like to give credit to Jack Thompson but there are a lot of
Jack Thompson's out there and we are just listening to our customers I think
he means there are a lot of jack offs out there and it says the decision has
not been made on whether the chain will which sells 127 million customers a day
will carry boldly once it is rated and available for sale it says if it comes
out as adults only. We think that's something that we're not going to carry. I think first
we look at the rating, but more likely it's going to be mature.
I'm not a big fan of buying games at Walmart anyway because indirectly you're supporting
their electronics department, which would be the music as well, and I hate, hate, hate
the fact they censor music the way they do. They refuse to sell CDs in the store unless
there's like a clean version. It's like, you know, here at Walmart we're going to sell
the statue of David, but we've put, you know, tighty-whities on it, you know, it's like,
that's not, you've ruined the art, you know, I don't, anyway, this is kind of getting a
little bit outside, but I'm not a big fan of buying games at Walmart, and I realize
some folks feel they have no other choice, living in a remote area, you know, where maybe
Walmart is the only big game retailer you have, but, online, my friends, seriously,
I would rather buy my, even if I lived in the middle of nowhere, I would rather buy
my games online than buy them at Walmart.
And this show will never be carried to Walmart, thanks to my little rant there, but that's
alright.
I don't care.
Oh, we're too far off the radar for Big Bad Walmart.
I will admit I bought my copy of 99 Nights at Target, which probably isn't much better,
but the other place I wanted to go to first was out of it, and I really wanted 99 Nights.
Hey, Target got a mention in a Freezepop song that makes them okay by me.
Call me a hypocrite if you want, I don't care.
All right, this is some pretty interesting news
here regarding the Xbox and the Xbox Live Vision camera.
The Xbox Live Vision camera is going
to come out with a game called Totem Ball.
And when the Vision camera launches in September,
this will be included with it.
Totem Ball was developed by UK studio Strange Flavor
and Freeverse, who made Toy Sight for the Apple Eye Sight.
Was this the game we played at E3 for a little bit?
I seem to remember.
But it was on the PC camera, wasn't it?
No, it was the Vision Camera.
It just, it sucked because there's people walking behind you, so you had to raise like one hand to...
It was, you used your hands, like think of Itoy, basically.
It was like trying to play Itoy with the Today Show behind you,
that whole set where they have all the people moving and it just throws everything off.
You couldn't do it.
However, though, there is some rumors, though.
Actually, I should say that that might not exactly be true, that Totem Ball's coming with it.
The reason being is that some of the Live Vision cameras have actually sneaked out in Toys R Us lately, and some people have already purchased them.
And they said that it's included one month of Xbox Live Gold, as well as a registration key for UNO, as I previously said on a podcast.
But, what you might end up finding out a little bit later on, as I think I mentioned before, there is two bundles that they're going to be having.
one that's for $39.99 and one that's $79.99 and the $79.99 one might come with totem ball
and I think it's supposed to come with a year of Xbox Live Gold as well.
Interesting.
All right, well we're going to go to the Skype line right now and take your calls.
If you want to call our show, you can hit us up on the Skype line at interact with us
over on orange launchradio.com or you can pick up the phone and call us, call us, 916-226-9067,
But remember, that is not an 800 number, so if you're not paying the phone bill, you best
be getting some permission.
We already have a call.
Let's go to the line.
Hello?
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, Rob.
It's the other Drew.
The other Drew.
Is this the Drew that goes by Cutress online?
That would be it.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, it's Cutress.
Hey, Shane.
What's up?
And Suikoden sucks.
What?
Kick him off right now.
No, no, no.
No, no, no. I gotta let him plug the site he works for.
Shouldn't I boot in?
No, we're good buddies with this site. So, Cutrus, where do you work, quote-unquote?
I guess it's more of a hobby, but so is what we do.
Oh, well, it's not like I was just calling in to plug DDRFreak, but yeah, there you go.
All right, I wanted to let you plug DDRFreak, though. So, what are you calling in about tonight?
Well, first off, I had to make sure that everyone knew that Sui Godin sucks.
Why are you letting him still talk?
Because it's funny.
It's not.
He's saying lies.
Let's take a quick vote.
How many people think...
Me!
And that's all I...
No.
Shh.
How many people think Cutress is funny in the room?
Let's see.
Oh.
Well, we got two.
Oh.
And how many people think Cutress is not funny?
And we have two.
Me.
Oh, and I break ties.
No.
Actually, the two full-time hosts here voted that he is funny and the two peon guests voted
that he wasn't funny. I'm going to delete a lot of stuff off your
computer tonight. Cutress, please stop poking me.
Look, let's stop taking up his time. Cutress, please, whatever you want to say on your mind
besides the fact that Suikoden sucks. Well, for one thing, next time you do the
music game, you need to have Mega Man music in there because that's sort of mandatory.
Look, I have to save something for next time. I couldn't blow the Blaster Master wad on
the first go, okay? And Mega Man and all that other stuff.
You know I love me some Mega Man and some Blaster Master, but I have to wait.
Yeah, if you had gotten me in, I would have gotten seven of ten.
Oh, looks like I do have some competition.
A little Drew vs. Drew action, huh?
That sounds like a porno, be quiet.
That was the intent.
What games have you been playing lately, Drew?
Well, I just finished Dragon Quest a couple days ago.
I'm pretty much wrapping up all the rest of the endgame stuff in that, and pretty much
everything I have is packed up right now. I kept out Front Mission 4 and Curse of Darkness.
Very cool.
So that's basically all I've got until I move into my new house and unpack everything again.
I just quit FF11 so that I could finally start playing my console games again.
uh... i remember quitting final fantasy eleven to free myself to play other video
games you come back you always do
i remember when i quit also
didn't happen last night or today
yet by the way i think that's fine backup from has eleven last night
because he's weak you we everybody he's weak
we're going to see why
that
i've got to have this real quick
he said is why you like secret
i like sweet sweet cones
Suikoden's good, it's not as good as Phom Pants. He's not getting this mic again as long as you're on the
pipeline. Before, okay, before Miggletov cries and we have a scene, Cutress, I have to ask you, since you
are, you know, the forum guy on DDR Freak,
anybody who's on DDR Freak knows you, I gotta know, what do you think about
DDR Supernova?
You know, I've gotten to play it only once and I only played
two games of it and basically I was just so out of shape and
out of whack that I decided it wasn't worth playing anymore
because I was taking up too much time from other people. I know people are
complaining about the sink and everything, but I haven't noticed any problems myself.
I'm enjoying it. It's fun. That's all there really is to it.
No, I didn't notice the sink problems either. I have a life. But I agree with you on the
fact that we all got out of shape because Konami didn't put out a new game for forever.
We all got burned out on Extreme and now we're all fat and don't want to play DDR again.
Wait, sink? Get it?
Shut up!
I'm not the sort of guy that runs vertex squared through my head when I'm having sex, so I
don't notice these sync issues.
Oh, and the group sucks.
Wow.
Okay.
Cutress, anything else you want to share with our listeners so we can take more calls?
No, just thanks for having me on the show again, and I wish I could hang out with you
guys more.
Not a problem.
Come visit the Bay.
It's a real bummer about E3, but maybe there'll be something.
We should have a DDR con or something fun.
Yeah, hopefully.
I can't wait to hang out with you guys again.
Sounds good.
Have a good one, Cutrus.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
All right, thank you, Cutrus, for being on the program tonight.
Let's take another call.
Drew, real quick.
Yeah, how's that for new low?
I'm actually making get it jokes on the air.
Be quiet.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ronma.
Who do you think it is?
Hello, Ronma.
God, you have a way of getting through every week.
What's on your mind?
We're getting hammered tonight, too, and you get through.
Oh, I have three things I want to talk about, three things.
Make them quick.
Number one.
First thing, this whole high def versus standard definition, fuck it.
I have a nice 20 inch TV, it's standard def, it looks great.
I don't care about this high def fly through, it's just a console, I mean, I just don't
get it, you know, it's just...
Okay.
Rama, surely you've heard this old saying, okay, have you ever heard this old saying,
once you go black you never go back. That's because we won't let you go free.
Yeah, same, apply that thought to an HDTV,
seriously, because like once I bought an HDTV
I can't watch standard anymore. I know,
I used to play my PS2 on a 55 inch high definition TV,
but when I moved I had a 20 inch SD, standard deaf television,
to me it just looks the same. I enjoyed both of it, you know?
All right, well, you know, I I can appreciate that because that tells me that you are about the game first the graphic second
Yes, definitely. All right. What's the second thing you want to call it about?
I was kind of tired of the other DDR families in chat. Shut up. It's just a game
What what were they saying in chat? I missed it. I mean, we're it was like if your announcement about DDR
Somebody said you guys sold up the Konami. I'm like
We are a radio station, and on radio stations they play music, DDR of which has a lot of
music.
This partnership makes a lot of sense to me.
I don't know about the rest of you.
This is something that we would have done for Konami three years ago, but whatever.
It's finally happening now.
It's great.
All right.
Here you go.
Number three.
The last thing is the whole thing about the PS3.
It's $400, $500.
Some people are forgetting about another console that came out that was just as expensive.
What's that?
NeoGeo.
Ah.
But then again, the NeoGeo wasn't exactly...
The Neo Geo was like the rich kid system, you know what I mean?
Everybody knew some rich kid who actually had a Neo Geo.
And the difference is, it had games that kicked major amounts of ass.
It did, but it also, towards at least the end of the run, like you know the first wave
of games was pretty cool, but towards the end of the run it was all Bust-A-Move, King
of Fighters, you know, 99, all that stuff.
I mean, that's all it ever was in the end, which is kinda sadder than something wrong
with King of Fighters?
No, but I'm just saying, I wouldn't buy a console just for King of Fighters.
Don't get me wrong, I appreciated the Neo Geo, but I wouldn't have spent that much money
on it.
Yeah, exactly. I mean, all the Neo-Jillies is King of Fighters. You know what, fuck King of Fighters.
I like King of Fighters, not some impact for the PS2, because it's got great graphics or whatever.
Each version is just like, same thing, new characters. David, come on. Show me something I'm gonna enjoy.
Neo-Wave, I was happy for it. It got ported back to SNK Arcade, but I mean, fuck, come on.
What is Madden? What is Madden? It's the same game over and over with little upgrades, right?
Thats why I dont play men, I play Tecmo Bowl.
Tecmo Bowl for life.
Rama, weve got to let you go.
Take more calls.
One more thing, rat race of three, PS2, thats why I wont, bye.
With the 3D glasses, I hope.
Your calls, were taking them tonight here on orangeloundrater.com.
Go to www.orangeloundrater.com and click on interact with us or you can always pick
up the telephone and call us that way, 916-226-9067.
Hey, podcast listeners, are you pissed off at the call-in segment because it's always
the same people calling in?
Well, you should call us sometime.
Hi, you're on Warner's Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's DMN.
Hi, DMN.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I wanted to comment about the whole BDR TV show thing, too, but first I want to congratulate
you guys on getting that association with Kami.
I'm really excited about hearing the new music.
We're excited about it, too.
I think its going to be a fun time.
Thank you.
Now, lets bag on the TV show a little bit.
Im going to be a bit of a devils advocate about this whole slumber party gang thing.
Fair enough.
We need it.
Youve got to look.
Whenever youre at the arcade being the seasoned DVR veterans that all of us are, who do you
see annoys the ever-loving shit out of you on those machines?
The target audience is slumber party girls.
I think Konami is targeting that demographic.
I think they're doing it right.
I think it's going to be a laughing stock set for the rest of us, but I think it'll
catch whoever watches Saturday morning TV and it'll sell more copies, and that's what
Konami wants to do.
Right.
And to play devil's advocate to devil's advocate.
I understand what Konami is trying to do with that, and you do make a good point.
But you can't help, but as a long-time DDR fan, before there were little girls everywhere,
you can't help but cringe a little bit inside, because this doesn't help the whole people
walking behind the machine going, that's gay thing that I was talking about earlier, you
know?
Yeah, well no, I cringe at the thought too, but I see where they're going from a business
standpoint.
So, I kind of wish if they're going to do this, that they would also do a DDR macho
show on Spike TV as well or something.
No, I don't know.
I think you can't let society, and this goes with anything, you can't let society tell
you what to do essentially, and if you enjoy something, you should wear it proud, you know
what I mean?
So even though we joke about, you know, we don't like the people that come behind the
machine and go, that's gay, that's gay, I think that you should have enough confidence
in yourself to be able to do whatever you want, you know what I mean?
And I think if you do, and DDR is a very social game, a friendly game, and I remember some
kid once did this to me when I was on the machine, and Jamie tore him a new asshole.
He was like, do you want to challenge him on the game?
Do you want to fight?
Here, I will pay for you to play against Rob, and we'll see who does better on the game.
So that situation has happened with all of us.
That's why Jamie's on this program, by the way, because she has her moments of gold like
that, which you just got to love.
You just got to love.
I think we should look on the bright side of this whole slumber party, girls, though.
appeal to the uh...
twenty-something female demographic who thinks it's oddly cute
might get more of a turnout in the arcades there. Alright, DMN, anything else you want to share with the listeners?
Um, go to PAX
and the Wii's coming soon.
Alright, thank you very much, we appreciate that. Alright. Alright, bye bye. Take care guys.
Alright, let's do at least one more call here on Orange Lounge Radio and then we'll
uh... probably go and tie up the show.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
uh... yes this is bobby
hi bobby you mean bobby blackwolf
sure okay yes
uh... bobby blackwolf who does a show on all games dot com sunday nights five
o'clock pacific and hit
uh... what's on your mind
uh... well i just i wanted to share my opinion on something real quick lies
these are lies that he's going to be talking about this game
it is called sui coden ah yes sui coden i've heard of this game
can we hang up on him please? didn't you get your name from a character in sui coden
Yes, he's the best character ever.
An ambiguously gay character.
Ambiguous.
Alright, uh, yes, Bobby, I'd love to know your thoughts on Sweet Coden.
I thought it sucked.
I think you suck.
Okay, why does Sweet Coden suck?
No, it's mainly just to piss Miklotov off.
Yeah, oh okay.
And it works.
You actually think it's a good game?
Deep inside?
I like the first and the third one.
What about two?
Besides the translation.
It was so hard to find.
I haven't played it.
I can't even find it. Oh, yeah, cuz it's like two hundred fifty dollars. Yeah, I'm not gonna pay 25
I wrote that game really well
All right
Bobby anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, that was it. I was just doing this for the chat room. All right, I appreciate it
Take care Bobby
Comedy gold you can hear little gems like that on his program. I like how people call in to make me wine
That's why you're here, that's why you're here, because you're a whiner.
All right, any last minute stories, folks, on Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
But of course.
Okay.
So we'll start off with some wonderful homebrew programs, of course.
If you are a fan of Metroid and you want to play a new side-scrolling version of Metroid,
they have Metroid Return of the SA-X 2.0 for the PSP.
And this one, of course, is still kind of a work in progress. They just now added a
health bar and the ability to go into more than one room. So, yeah, that's interesting.
But it's still in development, so look forward to more stuff from that. And, of course, if
you're looking for a nice clone, in fact, I think a lot of people got in trouble for
the Grid Wars. Now they have Trigonometry Wars, the final version, out for the PSP.
and you download it on PSP updates. Definitely something fun if you like Geometry Wars.
I heard about all the scandal going around there with Geometry Wars.
Yeah. The clones at least. And people getting sued and stuff.
I have one quick last minute story if you're done with that one. I just want to say real quick
with Madden 07 coming out, Slashdot ran a recent
piece reminding you that EA has a pretty
interesting privacy policy on Xbox Live. Now you've probably heard this talked about
about before on other shows, but remember, and I think we've talked about it too, but
remember the Madden 07 is coming out soon.
So when you sign on to an EA game on Xbox Live, you are automatically creating an EA
online account and granting Electronic Arts the ability to collect your name, address,
and credit card information, as well as a variety of demographic information about how
you use their products.
Not only that, they explicitly say that they may tie these demographics to your personal
information.
It's not anonymous here.
Now a site called Gamers with Jobs actually cornered EA and Microsoft about these issues
and they were met with silence, probably because of the fact that Madden is coming out next
week.
No official comment from the companies, which just goes to show that EA obviously must have
an evil, invasive privacy policy.
So think twice before you play Madden Online.
Yes, Drew.
I do have an additional quickie.
Just was released a couple days ago.
We have the multiplayer version of F.E.A.R., F.E.A.R. Combat, has been released to the public
for free.
You can sign up for a free CD key and a download of the game.
I don't know the link offhand, but I know we have a link to it in our O.L. Army Clan
section.
I was going to say, there's already an O.L. Army Clan building up for this.
I definitely want to check out the game next week.
I just finished downloading and installing it.
I'm going to be checking it out tonight.
Very cool.
Oh my god, I'm so scared of this game.
I just saw...
What's that?
mentioned last week Happy Feet's coming out on the Wii. I've got happy feet
okay happy happy feet for those who don't know is kind of like a spoof of
will they have happy Wii okay no no no get this okay so happy happy feet
basically as you might know or not know it is a movie kind of spoofing the whole
March of the Penguins thing it's got penguins doing stuff however happy feet
the game is gonna be like DDR and with arrows and all so when I said you could
strap the Wii controller to your feet I I wasn't exactly too far off was I who
you were not interesting so that that's kind of interesting some other fun stuff
especially when again the speculation area here the PSP being redesigned kind
of almost like a PSP light supposed to be coming out in March you wonder where
got that idea. And, well, it says it's supposed to be like the PSP Lite, I didn't call it
the PSP Lite. Alright. Anyways, PSP 2 or whatever. It's gonna include 8 gigs of flash memory
for storing your wonderful movies and stuff on, as well as they're getting rid of the
UMD slot the way that it is now. You'll actually insert the UMDs into the system, like the
DS and just getting shrunken down like the DS and yeah so that's kind of
interesting and they're not really talking about how they're gonna oh a
second analog nub on there as well GS 68 in our chat room says please fix the D
pad Sony um and then finally of course you gotta mention this speaking of
of speculation, the Xbox 360 is supposed to get another SKU. And apparently, rumor for
now, it's going to be a black Xbox 360 with a built-in HD DVD drive, an HDMI AV out, 250
gig hard drive, and PVR functions, like Xbox Live slash DirecTV or that kind of stuff.
Planned for $600 U.S.
Oh, yeah, that's a brilliant idea, Microsoft.
This is in the official Xbox magazine, so, um, rumor for now.
Wait, you had me going bullshit until you said it was in the official Xbox magazine?
Yeah, it's rumor though, probably.
Okay.
I don't know.
A black Xbox 360, huh?
Something for the emo kids.
Maybe, I don't know.
It sounds a little weird, but, um, I don't know.
And I finally, I thought I'd mention the lineup since Live Arcade Wednesdays is still going
on.
We had Texas Hold'em coming out free of charge, as we mentioned, for 48 hours.
The week after that, though, we've seen some more stuff, including, I know, what was it,
Time Pilot?
Yay!
Time Pilot, and then Scramble.
Yeah, I can do without Scramble.
So.
Yeah.
That's it.
Huh.
Interesting.
As somebody mentioned in the chat room, and it's true, the black Xbox 360 isn't that special
because those are the dev kits, also.
And you have the faceplates, too, right?
We mean you could make your Xbox 360 black looking with the new face
Well, I'm just saying we already have 360s in existence that are black
So it's not like a huge step up just like how the Xbox 1.0's
Dev kits were green like the halo Xboxes
Oh, I know I make sense and the better ones are the white ones are huge
I'd mention one last thing for the PSP another homebrew game our gear to tribute to our type and it looks fucking awesome
So go download it. All right, that's it. All right
Well, I guess it's about time to wrap up the program here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to us this week, but we do have one more story
for you guys tonight, Loki, and this is just, we saved this for the end because this is
just one of those WTF stories.
Well, if you were a high school student, and of course in a math class you probably were
playing with a TI calculator, or TI-83 in this case, well, there's somebody creating
the homebrew Zelda game for it and yeah it's pretty much using some of the
sprites from like Link's Awakening and stuff and pretty amazing and I guess
apparently he's already done a port of Harvest Moon and so yeah it's 50% done
so far and it looks pretty cool. If I remember correctly they actually did
port Link's Awakening 2 at TI-83 back in the day. I remember the only completely
original Zelda game on a calculator?
The only good thing about the old graphing calculators was that, like, you could type
letters into them so you could essentially, like, I know I used to do this for calculus
tests all the time, I'd put in the notes in my calculator and cheat.
Exactly.
Because I was smart.
Well, I remember with, like, the TI-83, you know, big thing when I was just going in high
school is they actually, you know, finally got it to run assembly on there and then you
could do grayscale and just like crazy shit on a calculator I don't know I
remember that's how that's why I had to drop my calculus class because I was
programming games in it instead of listening a lot of ti-83 love in the
chat room gs68 says I use my ti-83 plus to play fire track kind of crappy shmup
and some folks are saying yay Zelda game and so on and so forth
evilcheese666 OMG I love those calculators
so a lot of love for the old graphing calculators alright
well that's about the end of the program but of course we have to go around to
get everybody's
final thought I'm sure if DarkSakura were here she would say reject faults
icons
but she'll be back next week I should point out about next week
next week's show will not be taped live on Sunday night
this is because I know this is going to sound hella lame I have concert tickets on Sunday
that I got for my birthday but and the person didn't realize that I would have
orange lounge so of course I got to go because it's a birthday gift and I'm
going to see journey how cool is that I'm hoping they'll have the old-school
game there but yeah so we're gonna pre tape next week more news to come to the
live journal community we will probably pre tape live earlier in the week we'll
let you know when as soon as we work it out between the three of us let's go
around and get everybody's final thought now miklata of your final thought I hope
my ticket to the so you think you can dance tour comes pretty soon through the
mail because I want it really bad what my ticket to the so you think you can
dance tour loser whatever that shows awesome wow that is almost as lame as
sui coden I hate everybody all right drew thank you for being on the show
again appreciate it I did did I go a whole night without calling you 23rd
Magus I think I did yes you did all right very good then your name transitions
about complete final thoughts for our listeners be excellent to each other
Loki as always thank you correction that was almost as lame as Suikoden and my
oh yeah do you have a actual final thought no okay and my final thought is
easy cheese for no real reason I'm just thinking about easy cheese right now
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting Independent Gaming Radio.
You guys are awesome.
See you next time, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
