Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 194 for this August the 6th of 2006.
And we're going to get right back into the gaming news, but just a quick reminder, if
this is the first time you're downloading Orange Lounge Radio, don't forget that we
tape Sunday nights and then release the show in two parts.
So this is the second part that you're hearing now.
So if you want to hear part A, please go back into the podcast feed and find it, which you
can on our website at orangeloungeradio.com or the same place that you downloaded this
podcast undoubtedly.
More gaming news now, Loki.
this news is actually a little bit about the DS and how it might interact with
the Wii and stuff. One of the things that they're speculating is going to be
announced on the 23rd as well in their Nintendo press conference there is going
to be about motion sensing control coming to the DS and they're saying that
one of the first games is actually going to use it is Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam
which you might remember is coming on the DS and on the Wii so that's going to
be interesting. It's going to basically be an accessory that slides into the Game Boy
Advance slot very similar to the rumble cart. And they're going to also be using it with
games like Excite Truck and Downhill Jam for the Wii will allow you to connect your DS
or DS Lite wirelessly to the Wii and use it as a controller. It says the size of the accessory
is going to be about the same as the Game Boy Advance rumble packs that they have right
out for the DS and DS Lite.
And like I said, they're going to be showing it off at the Leipzig Games Convention on
the 23rd.
So speculation for now, but sounds feasible, something.
I could see that, especially with the whole, you know, DS is going to download stuff from
the Wii.
You know, well, I mean, not the exact same games you're playing on the Wii, but you know
what I mean?
Like there'll be certain things that you can download to your DS, so I could see that maybe
the motion sensing carries over into what they want to do on the DS, it makes sense.
I mean, hell, think about, what was it, Game Boy Advance had the, uh,
Warrior War Twisted and stuff?
Well, yeah, not just Warrior War Twisted, but I'm thinking the Kirby game, the Kirby
rolling game, Tilt and Tumble, thank you.
So it's nothing new, in a way.
But they're saying that I think this is going to be more than just one direction, more than
just tilting it back and forth, it's actually going to be, you know, kind of like the Playstation
controller is right now, how they're going to be doing it with that
more along that lines. Not quite what the Wii is, but
you know, more than just the Game Boy Advance cards.
Fair enough. So they're taking it to the next level. It is the next-gen after all.
Definitely. I'm still more excited about
the new item coming out for the DS.
Basically, there's going to be a new Chocobo game
Coming out on the DS by Square Enix. It's chocobo to mahou no ehon, which means chocobo in the magic picture book
Basically it's about a
Chocobo farm and a chocobo lives there and the caretaker named Shiroma
Which I love puns in games because the bad guy in the game's name is Kuroma. Shiro means white Kuro means black
haha
and so
They have to go into the magical picture book world, which sort of makes me think of Winnie the Pooh now
But it's going to be 3d and
Supposed to be
From what I'm seeing it's actually looks like it's gonna be a really cute game just from the no big surprise there
Yeah, choke a bow is fat chocobo gonna be the star because that goes chocobo is my favorite chocobo is not a star
However, I think that fat chocobo needs to be like a special character
Absolutely, maybe too many greens you turn into fat chocobo. Maybe but um, maybe the DS can have a new special attachment
That'll actually make your DS smell like chocobo so we can actually know what a chocobo smells like if you like chicken, but
like chicken, but
But at any rate it will be released in winter in Japan. There is no
announcement yet for the US or anywhere else but we're going to get it I'm
pretty sure. You know what's kind of funny though is they're also coming out with
another game that kind of ties into the whole Chocobo and like Nintendogs thing.
Remember cats that came out on the Game Boy Advance how it was like that game
where they're making one for the DS. And Nintend cats? Not Nintend cats but just
cats. Well they need a Nintend cats. That'd be awesome. Now see our chat rooms totally
getting into the fat Chocobo thing over at orangelaunchradio.com click on
chat we have Blaze says fat chocobo equals fan service and he says fat
chocobo is to pwn Wonder Dog Harold says smells like teen chocobo get it and then
Bandit gets a little more morbid he wants some chocobo nuggets because you
know they're just they're just like chicken I guess choco nuggets choco
nuggets that sounds like chocolate dipped big nuggets which is disgusting
the fried moogle pom-poms cuz they're kuporific can I tell you a secret and it
has nothing to do with video games I apologize but you remember that time we
took I think you were with that we took the road trip with mikkel tov I want to
say it was when we were driving down for e3 or so you know exactly what you're
talking about dip the Wendy's chicken nuggets in the chocolate shake I thought
that was weird he is weird Drew's given the thumbs up over there what dude I
used to work at Wendy's I know I did that all the time that's great it is a
tradition it's gross I tried it it's great these are the chicken nuggets
real chicken that means they're like made of this product that makes shake
taste good or something sorry for the side note but you know when you say
choco nuggets it makes me think of that concoction putting the VG cats what's
that it was a kentucky ferrago chocobo it's an old VG cats of course I also
like the mug nuggets I want to say on our myspace which gives me an excellent
opportunity to plug the orange launch radio myspace over at myspace.com
I think there's an old, we have show clips on there, and I think one of them has Kentucky
Fried Chocobo in it from like a few episodes ago.
Kentucky Farraga Chocobo.
I have to keep it right.
Anyway, moving on to a completely different topic that has nothing to do with the rest
of this.
I guess cool contraptions, since we're talking about things that can be added on.
Of course the Xbox Live camera is coming out soon, and apparently one of our buddies, Godfrey
at Gamertag Radio. He actually got one of the cameras already. Man, we should make our
show exclusive to one of the consoles, then maybe they'll send us some stuff too. No,
I'm just teasing, that's awesome though. But actually they scored an interview with arcade
manager Aaron Greenberg, and it actually confirmed that some of the old Xbox Live arcade games
are going to be updated to make them more compatible with the vision camera. Spades,
Bankshop Billiards 2 and other classic titles. Of course, we all know Uno is ready to go
with the camera, but now if you don't want to play Strip Uno, you can play Strip Billiards
or Strip Spades.
Man, they're really trying to push that Bankshop Billiards 2. I mean, first they make it 3D,
now they're adding the camera.
Yeah, they're trying.
Man, I don't know. It's kind of funny. But, unfortunately, Bankshop Billiards 2 will never
be as popular as Gears of War, and Emergence Day can't come any sooner, but it is coming
November 12th. That is a Sunday, folks.
I hate to say it, but I think it's a big duh that this game is coming out in November.
I don't think it took a genius to figure that out, you know what I mean?
And so, yeah, emergency is coming out.
They also announced that they're going to be doing a special edition packaging of it
as well, so you can score that on November 12th, and of course this is going to be probably
the next biggest thing to Halo 3, so definitely worth checking out.
One thing that we do know, there will be no demo for it, so you're going to have to wait
a little bit longer to play the game.
Interesting.
I just wanted to say real quick before we move on, our chat room is lighting up on the
whole webcam story.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, great, now we get to watch more dogs painting while we're panting, although
watching a dog paint might be kind of exciting on the camera.
That might be a good use of it.
Only if the dog is as good as Bob Ross and barks the commentary.
Now we get to watch more dogs panting while we're playing arcade games, and I'm sure that's
a reference to the dude who was spotted on Uno that just had the cam on his dog.
You know what?
If I ever get a dog, I will put the camera on the dog.
I put it on Shermy.
I'm gonna send Godfrey a Uno challenge just so I can see the cam.
I'll be like, Godfrey, turn the cam on, I wanna see it!
And remember, teenage girls, you cannot get pregnant over webcam.
So keep that in mind when you're doing Xbox Live in the future.
Gorilla seems to think they should do strip Halo.
And DJ Cables and Bits wants them to add the camera to Street Fighter 2.
By the way, if you want to know what's up with all the strip gaming references, earlier
in the show we've debated the uses for the Xbox Live camera, and we seem to believe here
at Orange Launch Radio that the use that it probably will get, more than anything, is
turning your favorite Xbox Live arcade game into strip whatever the game is.
Strip Uno.
I hope they have poker with that camera.
And I know they do have the camera.
But the Texas Hold'em, right?
Yeah.
That'll have the camera support.
I think they should use a drinking game.
Speaking of the collector's edition of it, it's going to retail for $69.99.
It's going to feature an official art book called Destroyed Beauty, and a bonus DVD featuring
an inside look of the making of the game, probably some of that stuff that was on live
as well as the stuff on MTV, if you remember back when they had the Road to Emergence Day
or whatever they were calling that show.
So check it out, November 12th.
There's also something else to check out, of course we've all been pretty excited about
Guitar Hero 2.
Red Octane had a party in Australia, basically, showing that there were three more songs going
to be in the game.
That puts our track count around 11 now.
There's going to be Stone Temple Pilots, Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart, Anthrax's Madhouse,
Motley Crue's Shout at the Devil.
That's pretty cool.
As far as the other eight that were previously announced, there's Reven Horton Heat's Psychobilly
Freakout, Kiss Strutter, Black Sabbath War Pigs, Butthole Surfers,
who was in my room last night.
Van Halen's really got me Rush's YYZ, which I've played,
and is fantastic.
The bass is so awesome in that game.
And also Primus, John the Fisherman,
and Arterial Black by Drizzt.
I'm waiting for Gwar.
They need Gwar in that.
I don't see my Gwar.
And you know what I don't see, which is a damn crying shame,
is there's no ACDC, that is a damn cryin' shame, and no Metallica, what's up with that?
I have to mention this, and they're still talking about the cam thing, but this is great
because this goes back to what they were talking about earlier in the program, you remember
how we got issued the challenge by Bobby Blackwell for ChromeHounds, that's going to be taking
place I guess some inner podcast war thing bandit decided to step it up and
says good then when the cam comes out we can all see black wolf sad face after we
all beat him in whatever game he chooses so wrong well done bandit not us well
done bandit okay how about taking a step further and challenging that we love we
love Bobby no no there's certain things podcasters don't do with each other and
that's one of them exactly when we talk about love the independent podcast we
We don't mean love the independent podcast, okay?
You lie.
You lie!
You liar.
Take his mic away, Loki.
Please.
Use it for a better purpose.
Yeah, he doesn't need to have that mic.
Speaking of a better purpose, I think MTV's Music Awards needs a better purpose because
they're now honoring game music and sort of honoring game music.
They have two different categories now, best video game score and best video game soundtrack.
The nominees for best video game score include Hitman Blood Money, with Jesper Kidd doing
the music on that, so good luck to him because he was awesome, Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter,
Tom Salta doing the music for that, Dreamfall The Longest Journey, Leon Willett and Evan
Magnet Johansen, love that little nickname in there, Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, thank
Thank you, that's what I was waiting for.
Uh, Jeremy Soule and Julian Soule.
As you were reading that off, I was going, where's Oblivion?
Where's Oblivion?
Where the hell's Oblivion?
And Electroplankton, which is user-generated.
I don't know how that has a soundtrack, you know.
You know how MTV and their weirdo award shows always throws in some kind of interesting
candidate in a lot of categories, like the movie awards always have something weird in
there?
That's what it is.
Now, the best video-
Ah, that's cool.
Oblivion would be my favorite, but that's-
game soundtrack. They have Fight Night Round 3, Burnout Revenge, which I like some of the
songs on there, NBA 2K6, Driver Parallel Lines, and Mark Echo's Getting Up. Which, you know,
I'm surprised. Didn't Dance Dance Revolution a couple of years ago get nominated in one
of those categories? Yeah. But not this year. No Love for the DDR. It was extreme too, best
soundtrack. What about Guitar Hero? That's very surprising with all the mainstream press
love for Guitar Hero. I'm very surprised that's not there.
Hmm, don't know. Conspiracy, MTV hates Guitar Hero,
News at 11. MTV also hates a lot of cool stuff. MTV hates you,
actually. That's why you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, because we love you.
And Jamie loves you, and Jamie's going to surf the internet up and down.
Yeah, she doesn't love you, but she loves you. Oh baby.
And she surfs the internet up and down every week to find a website that you
ought to be looking at.
because she cares. She serves up, up, down, down, left, right, left.
What's the website of the week?
The website of the week as mentioned in part A of the podcast, which if you haven't
listened to, then you're a big dumbass. I'm sorry. Then you're special.
Thanks. Thank you for losing our new listeners for us.
No, no, no, no, no.
They just need to get a hard dose of my charming bubbly personality.
Or something like that.
The side of the week is the Castlemania dungeon, which is the place to go to for anything,
you know, Akuma, Dracula X, or sorry, I should just say Dracula's castle, or Castlemania,
anything having to do with it.
You have sprite rips, characters, history, sound clips, artwork, emulation, even fan
fiction.
Castlemania fan fiction.
This is a site I have been going to for at least 8 years.
The Castlevania Dungeons URL is castlevania.classicgaming.gamespy.com slash dungeon.html.
If you Google search Castlevania Dungeon it will be the first site that pulls up.
It's absolutely fabulous.
The site itself has had over 200,000 hits since it started in 1997.
So it's pure awesomeness.
Now one thing I have to say about that site though is I do believe I've been to the forums
on that site and it was back when, you remember when we had the exclusive news about the whole
new Castlevania DS game, why did I forget, Portrait of Ruin, was that the name of it?
We had the news about Portrait of Ruin before any of the big sites did, their users didn't
believe us.
At least on the forums, on the forums.
That's alright.
That's okay, they have to believe us now.
You can send those apology letters to mailbag at orangelongtrader.com, enclose cookies.
I have a runner-up.
What's that?
Side of the week.
Okay, well it's not your side of the week.
Whatever.
If I may mention one more thing though about this, I want to give public kudos to the folks
who run Castlevania Dungeon, for keeping it alive as long as you have.
It's beautiful.
Oh yeah, I'm only giving the forum users a hard time.
I would have been skeptical of us, too.
It's fine.
Well, anyways, this could also be the site of the week, like an actual site, go-to site.
In Las Vegas, they have the Pinball Hall of Fame, where you can go and visit it.
And if you're interested in checking out this place, you can go play all the games.
And they have games ranging from the 1950s and up to 1990s Pinball.
pinball museum org
So if you're in Vegas go check it out. Seriously. That was almost a consideration
Why have I not been to Vegas for like the past few years like there's all these things
I have to go see I have to see this we need to do a road trip
I have to see Celine Dion. I know I'm just kidding. I don't have to see her. I'm kidding
I'm kidding. The woman has only done one good song in English, and it was a meatloaf song
She sounds like crap in English
So late dear Celine Dion, if you listen to our podcast, please stick to French. Thank you
She she did the Cyndi Lauper song too, and that really upset me. But anyway, this isn't to talk about Celine Dion
It's to talk about
gaming companies
No, no god. No, never
Is it new is her cell phone game out? Has anyone downloaded it? Does anyone care? I'm gonna look and
And for you guys, the listeners, I will be brave, and I will pay the $5 to download it
so I can review it on the program for you folks.
Just for you guys, because I love you.
Alright, look, we're here to talk about big gaming companies such as EA, and EA has announced
in their quarter one report that revenues were up 13% from last year, but net loss also
increased in the same period from 58 million to 81 million.
They actually did this whole earnings report and did a conference call.
They talked with Gama Sutra and Gama Sutra ran this report here, EA revealed, we have
ramped up game production for the Wii and DS Lite following significant excitement over
the Nintendo-created consoles at E3.
That's a broken sentence, but that's alright, I think you get what it's saying there.
party Wii titles won't be more than $49.99, suggesting that Electronic Arts Games may
debut for Wii at $49.99 at launch, but they haven't really committed to that. If you want
to read more details on the call, visit gamasutra.com.
Wanna hear something poopy?
Ok. Activision titles, they just updated their prices in our system and they all jumped $10.
Now they're all $59.99 for the Wii. Boo! I'm sure they'll change once they see that everybody
else is $49.99.
see well speaking of losses I feel so bad for them sort of Sega Sammy loses a
their profit basically dropped down 93% at least from their pachinko machine
sales ouch yeah which is actually kind of surprising since pachinko is like
hardcore you know in Japan but still um yeah they had a profit of 779 million
yen about 6.8 million dollars which dropped from 10.7 billion yen so that's
quite a bit of loss and they're blaming upfront development costs for game
making and had a loss of 4.06 billion yen in the games division which was
twice as much as last year's losses um they're still saying however that
despite this setbacks they are going to the previous full year earnings would a
their commitment was stay on track so yeah all right let's see we'll see um a
very interesting story I'm related to gaming this is also another story
actually coming from Gama Sutra go figure full spectrum warrior is being
used to treat PTSD in war veterans and that would be short for post-traumatic
thank you everybody all right the idea this is a quote from the article the
idea being to be in the high stimulus environment for a long period of time
maintaining a low psycho psychological arousal commented Dennis would a doctor
at the Naval Medical Center in San Diego California where the treatment is
currently being tested on non-combat personnel.
The person can then take that learning in the therapeutic environment and transport
it out or generalize it to day-to-day life.
Very interesting, huh?
Very interesting.
So see, there's good news about video games too.
Exactly.
It's not all murders and death and stuff, you know, beating hookers, unlike war.
But anyway, let's see what's in our mailbag.
Every week we let you guys email us.
It's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and Dark Sakura likes to put on her hazmat suit
and get geared up and jump on in there and read the mail.
But first...
I had to replace the hazmat suit.
But first, Dark Sakura has a special announcement she would like to give to our listeners.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I do.
Basically...
Now, this is...
As you might have heard in the first part of the show, I had my hair done at this really
cool place in the Castro in San Francisco called the John Brody Salon.
just wanted to make a mention on August 13th they're doing a grand opening
celebration with proceeds going to a benefit AIDS emergency fund and the
breast cancer emergency fund. It starts at 6 p.m. they're having a cocktail hour
7 p.m. with a fashion show 8 p.m. raffle drawing and the dress code is to be
stylish. So if anyone is interested in attending, you can go to www.JohnBrodySalon.com
that's J-O-H-M-B-R-O-D-Y salon.com and click on the RSVP tab. You can't get
unless you're on the list. Donations suggested is $10, raffle tickets are
$5 apiece. Should be a fun time and again it goes to benefit the AIDS
emergency fund and breast cancer emergency fund hooray for good cause yep all right
now let's get into the mailbag yes please
you know sometimes though i can't hear this music without thinking of uh the old version of our show
with you singing i know i'm sorry it's okay well our first email comes from jeremy todd one who's
hanging out in our chat room says uh since the dead rising demo came out this past week i found
an easter egg in it that's pretty cool if you look at the restaurant's banner you will see that it
says jill's sandwich could this be an easter egg pointing to resident evil when barry says to jill
you were almost a jill sandwich especially since they are both zombie games just a cool easter
egg i thought i'd share i think it is absolutely that's funny that is pretty cool krispy kreme um
actually asked a question has nothing to do with video games do any of you guys watch lost that
That show totally ruptures my boxers.
I have friends who do.
I don't watch TV at all.
Yeah, that's me too.
I have my two best friends watch it, but I don't.
It's weird.
It's not that I dislike the show, I just, you know, between the show and Quirk.
It takes away from your Survivor time.
No, I didn't even really watch Survivor last year.
You know what I have been watching, though, is Big Brother.
I can't get enough of that show.
I know, I know it's crap reality, but I just, it's...
I love it.
I call them unreality shows.
Go, Danielle.
Go, Danielle.
But I don't watch TV, so no.
Alright.
Also, from our dear friend Rob, with two B's. Robway.
It links me to an article on GameSpy, and just to read his email, it says,
It's amazing to look at-
Basically, three years ago, GameSpy did an article on top ten dying game genres.
It's amazing to look at now because Microsoft is single-handedly resurrecting the puzzle game,
and the old games on Live Arcade are from some of these.
The rest are being covered by Nintendo's Wii controller.
The one I think they got wrong was Mei's first person shooter still dominates.
The one I think they are right about is full motion video.
Full motion video will never be in game, will forever be in games, but not as a primary
gameplay element.
I think that inspiration for new games can come from these genres and feel fresh.
Basically the top ten that were listed was space shooters, like Asteroids, Xevious, Space
Invaders, R-Type, Radiant, Silver Gun, Ikaruga, um, Ikaruga though is trying I think to bring
it back.
games, Tetris, Bus to Move, Puyo Puyo, light gun games like Duck Hunt, House of the Dead,
Lethal Enforcers. Um, next up was, uh, Text Adventures. Hey, we still have Orange
Lounge Radio the game. Then Maze Games. And I love, though, they linked Mouse Trap,
which was like my favorite ColecoVision game ever. Mouse Trap was a great game.
Virtual Reality, which I think, you know, like the Virtual Boy Power Glove games.
yeah although I actually have a what was the one that was supposed to be for a
eternal champions hmm I have whatever that was it came with the journal
champions um the activator thank you I do own one and also educational games
were listed Oregon Trail was the example so many our forums posted a link to
where you can play Oregon Trail online I'd seen it before but it's a good good
thing to check out full motion video was number three with like night trap mad
dog McCree dragon's lair I'm sorry dragon's lair there's that HD one I
actually do I will be putting out a review of dragon's lair HD coming up in
the next week or so because it's freaking rad it's pretty um to the beat
them up like streets of rage double dragon River City ransom technically
there was one released which was that really awful final fight but no really
awful final fight I must have missed that game and the last one listed is
graphic adventure which includes space quest King's quest maniac mansion monkey
island salmon max oh hell I forgot to mention during housekeeping so I'll
mention it now the silver lining folks the King's quest 9 but not really the
fan project that changed his name to the Silver Lining, they released a patch for their demo
and it's available on our site. So if you downloaded the demo last week, please download
the patch. It's available on our site in the download section. Thank you for reminding
me.
You're welcome.
Yeah, actually the beat-em-up is not completely dead, but yeah, it is dying. I think the last
notable beat-em-up I saw was Guilty Gear Isuka.
Yeah. Well, I did the, like, you know, and they actually started putting those in as
little side games in the Tekken series.
Well, if you want to talk about beat-em-ups on the PSP, Guilty Gear Judgment, which is,
I think, Guilty Gear X2 Reload or something like that, but anyways, that is going to have
a beat-em-up in it, as well as a fighting game for the PSP, and the next beat-em-up
I can think of is Yakuza, which is coming out on the PS2, and that's actually done by
Sega Sammy, so, that's September, I think, if I remember correctly, so, it should be
good.
Well, JeremyTodd1 sends us another one that I did think was notable.
Um, hello, O.L.R. Jeremy Todd1 here. I'm not going to say again for fear that Rob will freak out again.
He's certainly getting a lot of face time on the program, but hey, we let anybody email us or join the chat room, so...
Well, to continue with the email.
That's right.
Um, would it be possible to listen to O.L.R. live on my 360? No? Yep, I expected that.
But a company named TV- Tversity, I guess, um, has made their program for the 360. Here's a quote from them.
With Tversity, the menus on the Xbox 360 are extended to include
internet content, making it possible to access radio stations, podcasts, and photo
feeds.
So would this allow 360 owners to be able to listen to OLR Live using their
Xbox 360?
And I can't test this out right now because my 360 isn't connected to the
internet right now and it is too much of a hassle to move it.
He said he tried it last week and he didn't get it to work. He's in our chat room right now.
Okay. I'll check it out. Forward the email to my personal account so I can check it out.
To me it sounds like it's something that you would use like the Windows Media
center type of thing or something like that. I'd be curious though.
We could listen to live over the 360, I'm all over that.
You actually can, because I mean, Dan listens to MP3s off my computer all the time.
Well that's just streaming MP3s from a PC. Yeah, all I'd have to do is somehow trick the computer
into thinking you're playing a regular MP3 when it's a streaming MP3.
That's the trick. So, there must be something. Or just download the podcast on your
computer and link it.
Yeah, you could do that too. Well, no, no, he wants to listen to it because you know we have the music,
the music and the live shows that we don't podcast so I can't think of how
to get that to work yeah well who knows maybe this program will work at some
point well the last one is from rye mm-hmm I'm just emailing to say it's
like this is the oler I love you email the one that made me go squeak I'm just
emailing to say how great you guys and girl are I have listened to Orange
Lounge for almost a year but recently registered online anyways I listened to
your podcast and several others but what ended up happening is all the other
podcast just gave up on podcasting with no warning just stopped and left me
really annoyed because they all stopped in a short period so thank you OLR for
being a reliable source for video game news um you know it's tough to do
podcasts every week and I think a lot of people they hear other podcasts and they
want to do their own podcast and you know I'm all for that you know people
want to have a voice but sometimes I think people don't realize how difficult
it is you know it is it does take a lot of dedication and work that you don't
necessarily see in the hours that we're doing the show you know putting it all
together and that's why I have a you know I have a great respect for other
independent podcasters that you know stick with it and nothing against the
ones who don't end up sticking with it you know when you don't have time for it
you don't have time for it but you know it's it's trickier than I think a lot of
people sometimes give it credit for I'm glad that we make time for you guys
heart heart well our love I thought of another TV show I have been watching and
it's a reality show but it's a good one even you'd like it what it's called who
wants to be a superhero yes I know I've been hearing about that and I adore
Stanley except I hate major victory on that I hate him I hate him he can go die
in a fire what yeah I have the first two episodes on the right now come on let me
watch them later in the week yeah you got it actually my my favorite right
now is monkey woman at least major victory had some style to it yeah but
he's an ass he kind of went oh I like monkey woman and yeah I like that woman
is a very Marvel name because like right now that mama has a song on her
Myspace it's awesome well it's funny because I love their names because I did
check out some of the names because actually two of my favorite characters
right now in the Marvel Universe are Big Bertha and Squirrel Girl oh god I love
Squirrel Girl she beat Dr. Doom and now I'm a real dork so let's just close the
mailbag gaming gaming let's get back to gaming and close the mailbag mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com, we look forward to getting your emails.
Yeah, speaking of really cool stuff, one of the things that was coming out of E3 was definitely
Crysis and basically Crytek's brand new game using their CryEngine 2.0, for those who don't
know that's the next gen Far Cry type of game.
Well what's interesting though is they're actually looking for people, well they had
a job posting for people to work on a console version of, you know, something for the Far
Cry series. So, you know, one would speculate that, well, it's coming out on the PC, probably
coming out on the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360. So, pretty interesting. That game looks pretty
sweet. I mean, just the level of detail is amazing. So, should be cool. Speculate away
boys and girls. Well speaking of as far as things being planned SNK is not
actually planning on doing anything for the PlayStation 3 until 2009 according to
Kotaku. That's a long ways away. What the hell are they waiting for? The price to drop?
I don't know. You mean they can't port over another king of fighters or metal
But the quote by Yoshihito Koyama that he told Kotaku was that, and I'll go ahead and
read this to quote, my first impression is that it's expensive.
The PlayStation 2 is good enough.
It's small and cheap.
For us, the manufacturers, we don't have to invest in a new system, and the PlayStation
3 is a risk.
There won't be enough consoles at launch.
Few consoles mean few software sales.
We need to wait three or four years, maybe 2009, 2010 is a good time to release a game
for the PS3.
bring up a very good point though and this is the same reason why, what was it,
the Splinter Cell double agent was delayed because they thought there's not
enough 360 consoles out there and so they delayed the game. You're gonna see a
lot of this with the PlayStation 3 games being delayed till like fall of next
year because of this. Interesting, that's much bigger the news than I initially
give that credit for when we were prepping the show. That's pretty big
because that's SNK kind of taking a stand saying, you know, we're just not
feeling it from Sony. But again, you know, to play Devil's Advocate though, SNK doesn't
exactly put out a lot of games that, you know, I think of SNK and I think about, you know,
games that still look kind of 16-bit. Not that that's a bad thing, because, you know,
playability is what's important, so they could, you know, continue to exist on the PlayStation
2, and there's going to be your, you know, the guy who doesn't consider himself a gamer
or herself a gamer but still has a PlayStation 2 in their house you know
there's still an audience to make games for. I think that they should go through
and actually port some of the games that were really cool on the Neo Geo over
like make an update to them like what about you know the ever ignored Magical
Lord I mean that game I love that game that when it was on you know the Neo Geo
played the arcade and stuff or even like you know I want to say they did
baseball stars or something like that. It makes me weep that magical drop I can
only get on my cell phone they need to like make that I mean I I know that they
like the port games and maybe do like slight graphical updates to them and
stuff like that that's fine because that's what's in right now is you know
people updating some of the retro games and stuff and they really need to pay
attention to some of these older games that were on I mean there there was more
on the Neo Geo than Metal Slug and King of Fighters so come on there was some I
should do a new Fatal Fury game or something like that I mean just put
something out that's different I mean and I know they're not doing it for the
PlayStation 3 that's fine because they're types of games that they release
right now unless they're doing something brand-new don't really need the power of
the PlayStation 3. Did SNK do Adventure Island? No, that was Hudson. Why do I remember an
Adventure Island on the TurboGrafx? Because there was an Adventure Island on the
TurboGrafx. Didn't Hudson work really closely? And Adventure Island 2. Didn't Hudson work
really closely with NEC or something? Because Bomberman 93 and Bomberman 94
were also mainstay, um, turbo graphics games.
Nevermind, Konami, didn't Konami buy them now?
Yeah, Konami's doing the Hudson stuff.
Well then, Konami needs to put out an Adventure Island game, which is, I just completely...
You know what Konami needs to do?
Huh?
Another Super Konami world.
Yes.
Good luck.
They're still doing Bomberman, uh, Bomberman X-Zero, which is coming out in a couple weeks.
There's also the Bomberman game on the Wii.
Oh, there's some love for Magical Drop in the chat room, that gives me warm fuzzies.
Rama says I heart magical drop and DMN professes his love for me when I named magical drop. That's very sweet
I'm just saying that you know, they really do have a larger library of games than those two and
You know metal slug was an awesome game and I did spend a lot of quarters on it
But goddamn stop really porting this game to every single console. I mean and to be honest, you know
Metal slug one through four or whatever. They're up to now. They're all the same
I mean they all look exactly the same with slightly different artwork in there. They haven't changed anything, but hey whatever
It's a fun game, so
Just need some new stuff
You know I think number one
This is probably going to be a slippery start of a slippery slope. I mean if SNK is taking a stand like this
What's to say that some more companies may decide to take similar stands and?
and the PS3 may not be as powerful at launch as we thought.
It's funny you mention that, Drew, because the next story I have is about
Atari.
And it's very interesting. There was an interview on gamesindustry.biz
with Bruno Bonnell, who's the CEO at Atari,
and Atari has said they have no plans to release any games for the PS3 until at
least 2007.
But they're citing a lack of information being the reason why
they are not going to develop for the console but then the weird thing is he
comes out and says that quote picking up the high end of the market the hardcore
passionate fans and describing the ps3 so they're taking a little more of a
soft approach to this like well you know the ps3 is definitely gunning for that
audience but since we don't know shit about it we're not developing for it
next year so very interesting and as far as also interesting is concerned well
honestly it's not really too much of a surprise but John was stranglehold is
actually delayed until first quarter 2007 and it was the very well received
83 is supposed to be one of the top ones to be released it's in development by
midway but it's still a little bit you know to be honest and I actually looked
at the dates on this in my system at work it's only delayed two weeks it just
happened to fall from December to January so it is first quarter now
everybody's like oh it's 2007 it's like two weeks I mean seriously folks games
get delayed first you know what though but that is it is still big news because
that means you miss Christmas they miss rice anyways it was it was I think well
well maybe not they were like a week away from Christmas but still though I
mean it's not a big deal by that time though I mean you're not gonna picking
up for Christmas so I guess that's true most people out there I mean no you're
not gonna have kids doing that so I don't know what if I don't get John
John Woo Stranglehold, I'm gonna cry, I love you, I want a hard rider BB gun and John Woo
Stranglehold.
Anyways, speaking of things though that you might be able to pick up before Christmas
though, we mentioned it before and I think I said the 360 bundle not happening in the
United States.
That's a fact.
Well, one thing that we do know is going to be happening is it might be happening in other
countries in Canada and in Mexico.
For example, in Canada, Futureshop is taking pre-orders for this system now with Project
Gotham Racing 3 and 3 months of Xbox Live Gold and 1250 Marketplace Points.
So that's pretty good evidence there, but if that's not good enough for you, Mexico,
the official Xbox site, has it on their page.
So I would say that pretty much confirms that it's coming out.
So take a look at that.
Damn you Canada and damn you Mexico.
Mexico.
But anyways, yeah, so it's it is coming out. They're saying though. That's supposed to retail. I think about
$3.99 so it's not bad and being that the game's dropped in price down to $29.99. So I
Don't know. Hell. Yeah, I've been to Mexico
so
Should be interesting
If you caught that reference you're you're pretty smart anyway
Anyway, you know how we had that story.
I think Loki just kind of shouted it out at the end of the last episode, but remember
how we had the top 20 gay characters from games or something?
And who took the cake?
Tingle.
Well, isn't it strange that now Nintendo is sending out a survey all about Tingle?
A new survey is up at Nintendo's website and it's trying to gauge what people really think
about Tingle.
Here are some of the questions from the survey.
After reading about this game, how did you feel about Tingle when he showed up in a Zelda
game?
After reading the article on Nintendo Power, did your opinion of Tingle change?
Which of these best describes your view of Tingle?
I'll read the answers to this one.
Funny, interesting, boring, annoying, none of the above, and flamey.
No, I'm just kidding, the last one's not there.
Rupeeland incorporates a unique gameplay system in which everything costs rupees.
The trick is that you never know how you need to pay.
What do you think of this system?
Fun, crappy, whatever.
And do you feel that Tingle is an interesting enough character to deserve his own game?
But I thought this question is very interesting as well.
If Tingle made an appearance in the upcoming title The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess
for GameCube and Wii, how would you feel?
I would be excited, I'd be annoyed, and I'd hit that.
Just kidding about the third one.
That's so sad.
So sad.
But speaking about a game I would hit, that would be Spore.
And Spore, you know, is going to be coming out on consoles now, according to Will Wright.
And you know, one of the things that they were saying is that they were actually developing
it for consoles, and that's been one ongoing problem with consoles is that they don't have
a mouse.
a very good random access device for putting on the screen. A console controller really
makes you want the game avatar based so you don't move on the character. That's why RTS
games suck on the consoles. With Spore, about half of the game is avatar based already.
The creature game and the space game, it would be pretty easy for us to make intermediate
levels avatar based. So from the beginning we thought about how we could move Spore onto
platforms including consoles so I mean duh it's coming to consoles I mean come
on might not be right away you know like the PC game but it's coming I mean
that's just stupid if they don't so wow that's a really gay picture sorry
somebody somebody in chat just put a picture of the upcoming tingle game and
it's uh what do you call it like tingles flamboyant romp in like rupee land or
or something, I mean.
Tim, Tingle visits the Castro.
The fabulous romp of Tingle in Ruby Land.
Tingle goes to the bath house.
I mean, seriously, that's pretty gay.
Let me put it this way with Spore.
All Spore would have to do is buy me a drink
and I'd make sweet love to it.
I mean, it's a beautiful game.
I want to play it so bad, so bad.
I was so mad that we couldn't play it at E3.
We just had the demo.
You keep seeing on all these news sites and stuff
that 3D model feature where you create a creature
And you basically, you know, hit print, and it'll, you know, you pay like ten bucks or whatever to get it shipped to you,
and they will ship you a model of your character, a little statue.
That's cool.
That is awesome.
Are you gonna do that?
Oh hell yes, I'm doing that.
That sounds like something you'd do.
You'd get like five of them and have them declare war on each other, and...
It's like a little kid playing with you.
We can have contests and give them away to people.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, um, you know, I shake my head at this, just because poor, poor Sony, poor Sony trying
to be like Microsoft again, they are apparently now, um, wanting to, uh, call their, uh, rewards
system on their online service
they want to call it entitlements. Much like
achievement points.
The only problem though is that
the two words are
they can't really use anything against it though
because by definition they are
irreconcilable. I mean, I like what's pointed out here on this article
on, uh, it's on Joystick actually, that, um,
achievement is the act of accomplishing or finishing while entitlement is the
state of being
furnished with a right to claim something. So
by definition they can get away with it, however, it's still
really close. Wait, wait, wait, wait. So if you're entitled to it,
why do you have to earn it yeah
it's a weird title but at the same time you know what I don't think
II it it's not a big surprise that PlayStation is going this route and
I II you know it kinda works for the Xbox so why not do a similar system you
know if it works
I'm not surprised you're gonna pick it up and do it I mean if you think about
it okay didn't
Xbox kind of incorporate rumbling into their controller because Sony did it in
a work there
good I mean yeah I mean if it works one place why not
why not do it yeah I think we need it but it is a dumb name
Entitlements is not the right name there unless they're doing something
unless they have their own unique spin on this I don't know
latency you have to understand Microsoft totally copied Sony in this case
I mean the evidence is there I mean
Microsoft had a time traveling device and they went into the future to see
that Sony was going to come up with entitlements
They went back in time and created achievements. Why isn't anyone doing
anything about this? That's what I want to know.
Why are they letting Microsoft get away with this kind of crap?
This is really, really wrong.
Sony, I feel sorry for you.
Anyways, you're crazy. I'm not crazy.
I'm just thinking... Blaze in our chat room says you're awesome.
But the only person in there that says you're awesome, just for the record.
Don't worry, I only have Ridge Racer on my mind.
Anyways, so speaking of the PlayStation 3 and the 360,
during one of the Game Informer interviews with
the creators of The Darkness, they were asking, you know,
what do you like about working on the PS3 and how is it different from the 360?
Will there be any major differences between the two versions of the game?
And their response was, so far the two versions look pretty much the same,
quite unsurprisingly since we both use the same shader source code and content for both
platforms they will be identically gameplay-wise. There will only be a few minor cosmetic differences
such as in the Playstation 3 we'll have better quality video for in-game TVs and the Xbox
360 will have a bit more room for textures and memory. In other words, both of the games
are going to be almost exactly the same. Very much like how Playstation 2 and Xbox games
are almost exactly the same with slight minor differences
so why do i have to pay two hundred extra dollars for a system that'll have
games that are almost exactly the same as the three sixty because they'll have
exclusive games you can't get on three sixty
oh i'm sorry
i am still
the tekken horror and i have to final fantasy thirteen middle gear solid four
who gives a rat's ass about final fantasy thirteen it's twenty million versions
me hello me uh... tekken
Tekken Tekken. I'll buy Tekken 2. Don't get me wrong. Tekken 2 came out already.
Tekken also. Nerd.
Alright. That is a joke that has not been patented in your toilet paper
drink book.
Skypline! The Skypline is opening up. www.orangelandtrader.com. Click on
interact with us to get all the information on the Skypline where you
can call us right now.
Or if you feel so inclined you can pick up the phone and call us that way too.
It's 916-
226-9067 and
we'll pick those up. But please folks if you don't pay the phone bill
don't be calling us because you know it costs money
and if you're not paying the bill that's not a very nice thing to do. Hello you're
on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
It's Ron Mazzaltoleme and I am dead tired from coming back from Otacon.
What went on at Otacon? Hey!
Oh, man, I just came back from the biggest anime convention in the country, believe it.
What was the coolest thing that happened at Otacon?
One of the coolest things to me was a friend of mine got hit by a car going to the convention
center.
He went to the hospital.
That doesn't sound cool.
No, what's cool about it was they let him go and we were all at Hooters the night having
dinner.
Were you in cosplay?
Yes.
Please say yes.
I
Didn't stop stop stop stop because I proud of it have gone around Disneyland just as shorty from best to move to
Oh, yeah
Degree of nerdiness, okay. Yeah the dirt and damn proud of the
Thousandth one time I'm going to violate your childhoods right now with this week. I'm posting in the chat room right now
Okay please explain this, explain this for the podcast listeners who won't know what the hell you're talking about.
AHHHHHHH!
Oh no. What is this?
I haven't even seen this.
That is so cool!
Is that a Waldo?
Yes that's right!
And a Carmen Sandiego!
My mic is Waldo!
Now if they had a wedding who could find it?
That's kind of funny.
Wow.
That's a Carmen Sandiego!
No I like the Carmen Sandiego better than the Waldo.
No offense.
That's just good for us.
Seriously, how did you find those two?
Where in the world was she?
Wherever Waldo was, apparently.
Ooh, are they fucking?
Are they fucking?
What is Waldat going to think?
Ooh.
Or Wilmette, what was her name?
I can't even remember.
This is scandal.
Waldo and Carmen Sandiego were off doing it.
But check this out.
We have what's called anime parliament
where people can bring their grievances about anime to a panel.
Waldo pulled Carmen Sandiego out and accused her of using all the government's resources to find her while he was still missing for 15 years.
That is quite possibly the lamest thing I've heard in my entire life.
No way, that's awesome. That's awesome like a hot dog.
I mean, it's lame in a funny way, but you know, I'm just like, my god, anime conventions really are the capital of nerd country, aren't they?
today I want to go to other con next year because enemy expo is a piece of
crap Oh chat room book my room now because right now half the hotels are
already sold out dear God Waldo's friend was Wanda by the way according to DMN in
chat okay we'll talk about that run John okay here's that what else I want to
know what what types of video game content were there at the con and was
OLR horde I didn't know it oh well I was there represent all I knows there was a
couple of Tekken and Smash Brothers tournaments. I tried to get pictures but
you know my grief from the last con. The funk almost killed me. They put the
the gaming room in the big place of the center and still as I'm
coming down the escalator 30 feet away I can smell it.
Run Sean. I have a suggestion for you for cosplay next year to avoid fanboy
funk yes larva wear the mask um blaze in our chat room is trying to get into the
zing here by saying you know because I was talking about anime conventions
being the capital nerd country blaze says a sky remember that you are hosting a
podcast about video games touche touche burn well well done wait wait you're
supposed to make a point I was slightly that was do you say touche that was
haven't made a point that was two degrees okay my culture wants me to go
to Dragon Con which actually would be reasonable since that's actually near my
family. Dragon Con's in Bobby's neck of the woods he'd let us stay at his house
I bet. We can play ChromeHounds all night long. Yuri Lover says we should go to
Yuri Con but actually I'm going to Yali Con. Of course. And oh my god our
costumes arrived me and Chris and Megzi are cosplaying organization 13
characters and our trenches arrived I'm going to be scarred for life should I see
pictures drew I can scar you even worse than that anime next 2007 we're doing
original organization 13 cosplay it's Jesus Christ and the 12 disciples as
organization 13 all the key blades that's beautiful you know what just have
dinner already be online after the show I gotta let you go Rama we want to get
other calls in but thank you for calling okay all right and by the way for those
folks that say hey it's the same people that always call in why don't you call
in because I hate reading that about the show where it's the same people always
call in then you're obviously listening so why don't you call in I don't get it
so let's go to the speaking of so that being said hello you're on orange lounge
radio who's this it's one and only Legend of Zaku hello Zaku what's on your
mind my friend um basically the fact you know obviously the VMA is not having you
know any music games for that you know lame but yet somewhat important video
game soundtrack domination I'm sorry is it yeah could could the record be
starting right now actually if we could put this on record my next statement
Excuse me, one moment.
Fuck MTV!
Thank you.
Yeah, same exactly.
And you have to understand that MTV pretty much, you know, they suck the dick of hip
hop and rap just because it rates in more money.
And you know, this leads you to believe that MTV's that desperate for cash that they'll
pour themselves out for it.
Um, okay.
All those music channels nowadays anyways are just all reality TV anyway.
think that's worse uh g4 were for g4ia you know guitar heroes being nominated for game of the year
and so that leads me to believe that they're gonna you know they're gonna bow down to guitar
i thought g4 wasn't doing an award show anymore um they're doing g4ia and according to i thought
g4i got cancelled uh strange because i just uh whatever i'll believe you i'll believe you
But anyways, you know, you see how on one side they praise rap so much, but on the other,
they just, you know, they pretty much bow down to something that's, you know.
Back it up, though.
Back it up, though, Zaku.
Now, without getting into an MTV discussion, because this is a game show, I think what
it is about, you kind of said it there, you said they do it because it brings in the money.
That's what it's about.
It's about money.
Exactly.
The whole thing is now based on the almighty dollar and they lost touch of who they were
for years now.
It used to be all about music and now it's just whoring themselves out, but that's besides
the point.
MTV lost touch about what 1994 1985 interesting comment in general interesting comment in chat room
MT a blade says MTV owns X fire. I like X fire. I use it. Okay. Okay, that's 1.2
MTV their suck actually started in 96
In 94 we still had him a head bangers ball in 120 minutes. Yeah
Yeah, and we still had really good shows.
We still had AMP in those years too, so...
Oh yeah.
The downhill trend began when remote control went off TV.
Yeah, when remote control lost it.
Oh yeah, that was it.
Alright, I gotta take it back on video games.
So, Zaku, anything else? No, that's alright.
Um, not really, just, you know, the whole thing about, maybe, you know,
if you, for like anime conventions, shouldn't they just give out deodorant sticks at the door?
They have before!
I mean, antiperspirant, not even deodorant. Antiperspirant does a good job at absorbing sweat and thus killing odor before it even begins.
A wise person, a coworker of mine, who I really respect, once told me,
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make a drink.
That's true.
They can put baking soda in the sprinkler system.
And that's a good thing I'm not that hardcore about gaming.
You know that at least I bathe.
Alright, this is going to be the geek analogy here, okay?
To keep hygiene before, you know, before anything else.
Alright, last thought, Magus.
This is going to be the geek analogy.
Just as you cannot move the blob, you cannot get rid of confunk.
It cannot be.
Actually right now you can't move the blob because he's lost his mutant powers.
I'll just cosplay as a big can of Febreeze for the next month.
I'll probably expect that if I go to an anime convention, just the smell of B.O. throughout
the whole building.
Alright, Zaku, I gotta let you go because we gotta take more calls, but thank you very
much for your input as always.
Just for the record, G482006 is going on and their theme is Fake News Show, I'm glad that's
very original.
What do you mean their theme is Fake News Show?
It's Fake News Show, like their G482006 Unite, Vote, Award, Argue is their theme.
Alright, let's get at least one more call here.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Good afternoon, or good evening from Seattle. This is DMN.
DMN, my friend! What's on your mind?
I'm upset with you.
Why are you upset with me?
DarkSakura's pissed.
You're supposed to love me.
I do. You don't return my calls anymore.
Well, I can't help changing my number and you not going to the trouble of stalking me.
Look, it's the new hairdo. Now the boys won't leave her alone.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
And what leads you to be calling our lovely program tonight, Mr. DMN?
Well, I call first off with terrible, terrible news.
What's that?
Nintendo decided to make me work Sundays now until about 5.30, so I don't get home until 6 or 7.
So, that means ATH is on hiatus.
Awww, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, but I'm going to give that Wii away, one Wii or another.
Alright, could we write a letter to Nintendo begging for clemency or something?
Alright, fine.
I'm calling for several reasons, I have a laundry list, but I'll try to keep them as short as possible.
Alright.
First of all, the $299 leave, total garbage.
Why is this garbage?
Reggie Filane, our company president, has made it quite clear that that 50 wii will not be priced over $249.
That's it. Well said.
That's pretty much all I can say on that. That's pretty much all that needs to be said.
Ooh, you know something we don't know, huh?
Yeah.
You do! You do! Oh, God, I'm so jealous that you work for Nintendo sometimes.
Yeah.
At the same time, I'd hate that, because, you know, on this radio program, I would probably get fired so fast by saying that crap.
Alright, so anyway, change of subject.
no the things the things that I the things that I share with you guys I'm
very very selective about that's fine um but also you guys are talking about EA
EA could make a lot more money if they decided to stop spamming everybody with
Madden and actually not kill their franchises like oh I don't know SSX at
the same time though EA has spore coming out and they have said that they are
gonna develop more for the Wii and DS so maybe they are changing their tone a
I would think that $50 as a price point for software is pretty much going to be the norm.
I think what Loki said earlier, if it goes any higher than that, developers are going to have to take a second look at their price points.
Well, anything else you want to say to our listeners tonight, D.M.N.?
Stakes on a plane is in less than two weeks. Go see it.
Yeah, we'll be there the day. I'm going to Disneyland
Because I promised somebody
weeks ago
Bacon and yeah, that's it. All right. Bye DMN. All right. Bye guys. All right. Thank you guys so much for your phone calls
We appreciate it. And if you didn't get in tonight, go ahead and try it again next week
We really appreciate you guys trying to call in and participate with our program. It's great
Alright any last-minute stories anybody wanted to get out there before we wrap up tonight's program. Um, no
I'm trying to think. All things considered, it's been somewhat of a slow news week.
Yeah. When the big news is all coming from Xbox Live Arcade, which I think we had like
five stories on tonight, you know, I think it's a kind of a slow week. No offense to
the arcade, I love the Xbox Live Arcade, but that's not
the, you know, brain, or I should say the center of gaming right now.
GameTap partnered with Konami.
Well yeah, I checked out Gametab, Castlevania, Frogger and Contra, Hard Corps.
Yeah, they have the Genesis-Castlevania game on there now, which is cool.
So that's kind of neat.
What else did they do?
Oh yeah, I was going to say there was that new device, I guess you would call it a device,
Exploder HD.
They're putting down the PlayStation 2 to upscale all their games to 720p or 1080i,
which I thought was kind of neat.
I don't know how great they're going to look, but that is something that's coming.
So I guess watch for reviews on that.
What's the other thing too?
Oh, I think we mentioned last week that Test Drive Unlimited, that the price was dropping
down to $35.99 of, well apparently that only applies to the US.
So if you're in the UK, you're still paying full price for it.
So that sucks.
Funny Dale in the chat room wants me to point out, and I remember Ecstifer of all people
show me this earlier this week, World of Warcraft now has a Myspace page so you can add music
from the game to your Myspace and I guess other like little animations and things like
that so you can pimp your Myspace with World of Warcraft bling, if you're so inclined.
And Rockstar cancelled the Xbox version of Bully, which is funny because I still haven't
even seen the PlayStation 2 version of Bully yet and waiting for that one to come out,
someday. I hope they do a 360 version but they said they weren't, so...
Oh well. I won't wait.
Alright. Well, then I believe that is going to bring our show to a close. Thank you
guys so much for tuning in and listening to Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
It's that time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Drew, thank you so much for being here tonight. Appreciate it.
Unfortunately, I can't call you Dr. Drew because that name's taken, so you'll just have to be...
unfortunately taken reverend drew or something or professor drew well like
professor drew
the post now cuz you kinda let you know the glasses you can have that
professor look to you are a final thought pie
low gear final thought my final thought is
I gotta ask a certain somebody for certain something that I want
my final thought is a you're not gonna get it
be die monster you don't belong in this world
And Dark Soccer, your final thought?
A. Reject false icons.
B. It was not by my hand that I was once again given flesh.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent radio and podcasting.
You guys rock and we do this show week in and week out for you guys that listen to us and support us
and make the chat room so much fun and make the whole live experience fun and sending us the e-mails and everything.
and everything it's just awesome and we're on our way to episode 200 can't
wait we'll see you next time here on orange lounge radio got lots of good
stuff coming
you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is orange lounge production
for more information on our live and podcast program visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next week!
