Orange Lounge Radio
Here's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loki
Tonight, August 27th, 2006, Robin Loki Report on the Konami BBQ
How was that Nintendo press conference this week anyway?
And how many Xbox Live points will you need to spend to play a full game of Luminous?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that independent podcast dedicated to video games, gamer culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky and I'm here on this journey with you every single week.
Also joining us in our party, say hello to our resident Black Mage, Dark Sakura, also
known as Fuego. Jamie Summers. Fuego. Fuego3. Fern. Fern. Fern. See, that's why she's the
Black Mage folks. And say hello to our resident treasure hunter, Loki. Hey. How you doing?
Good. All right. Everybody have a good week? Yes? Oh, I sure did. Did you have a good week
off, Dark Sakura? I went to Disneyland. Anything exciting going on Disneyland? Disneyland?
We went to Disneyland during Bats Day. Bats Day? When the goth community of Los Angeles
decides to take over Disneyland.
You totally did that on purpose.
No.
She had had, we had this all scheduled out like months in advance before we even realized.
So um, the baby bats came out in full force on uh, Sunday.
So we avoided Haunted Mansion.
And um.
I could just imagine what Haunted Mansion looks like on Goth Day.
They converged.
While all the baby bats, there were a few legitimate old bats, but there were a lot
of baby bats, you know, Hot Topic, Wannabe.
I remember the old days when we used to have to shop in fetish stores and thrift shops
and make our own clothes.
But yeah, I rode pirates a bunch of times and like the second time we decided to sing
through it and we called Barbossa Dreamboat Barbie because he was up on his boat.
The changes they made to pirates were cool.
Really because I thought most people have been saying they kind of suck because you
know.
They did the PC changes and then they changed a few things back and added in the movie characters.
Oh that's good.
all the Jack stuff was like whoa Jack and then haunted mansion they actually
changed part of it you've ever been in haunted mansion the attic with the bride
where she's all tragic and sad instead now they've made her a bit more sinister
where you go by different paintings of her and her various husbands and their
heads all disappear and then you see a hologram of her holding an axe till
death do us part okay well let's uh and um and Kristen pointed out something fun
that the gardener before you go in the graveyard is wearing Walt Disney shoes
huh I went on big Thunder Mountain was it fun oh yeah it's fun I couldn't see
anything it's the new Space Mountain is cool oh we got to be careful not to
become the amusement park podcast because we do want to get to games here
so yeah all right tell us about it what's your gaming with was what you
played this week um I played Dead Rising which was freaking rad and I'm not any
good at it oops I died so many times and but I figured out that I like the size
because it decapitates the undead and played in the Super Mario Brothers
finally I got a free copy actually technically GameStop got a free copy and
it became mine so I I played a bunch of that in the waiting room at the
doctor's office good day because game boys are great to have in a doctor's
office and I played some DDR and I'm kind of still okay at it sort of avoided
the arcade though at Disneyland because it's like and the spawn of of people are
hanging around and my quote from Disneyland though best quote ever this
is totally makes me decide never to have children
I wanna ride the teacups!
Only the EHHH part was like a lot longer.
Wow. Did you ride the teacups?
Yes I did.
That's my favorite.
And I sang a merry end birthday while riding the teacups.
Thank you for the lollipops by the way from Disneyland. I appreciate that.
Aren't they fabulous?
They're great. One of them is shaped very phallic-ly. Let's just leave it at that.
I was like that one's for Rob.
It's long. Anyway, any other games?
I had lots of smoothies.
Alright, Loki. Well, um, I played games this week. No, um, I was playing a lot of Xbox
Live's demos, um, including Just Cause, which is awesome. It's very, I don't know, it's
kind of like, not really Grand Theft Auto-ish, I mean, you can steal cars and stuff, but
it reminds me if, like, you were to take Lord Croft Tomb Raider, replace Lord Croft with
Antonio Banderas and then stick her in like a Grand Theft Auto game and then I don't know
just add a bunch of stunts to it and that's pretty much the game because you can do a
lot of like really cool stuff like jumping from car to car and it makes it really simple
or you can steal a car jump onto the roof and then hit your parachute and just you know
parasail around and just really crazy stuff and then there's a whole lot of like Mexican
you know music blaring and like lots of VIVA LA REVOLUTION you know stuff like that so it's
pretty cool and definitely worth picking up when it comes out and the demo is also pretty cool
they've give you about you know four different people to kill and uh i got to the point where
there's helicopters chasing after me and i blew up on the helicopters and it exploded very fiery
and it was awesome so definitely recommend that and then of course um was it i tried a little bit
of Texas Hole and played like a game and just said eh, and I'll play it later when it's
not so buggy. And then, um, what else did I play? Oh yeah, I got a retail copy of Saints
Row four days early, so I decided to play a little bit of that and I'll probably play
more this weekend. And yeah, I think that, oh, Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories
because that's still fucking awesome and we're still gonna be playing it until Vice City
these stories come out, and then we're going to have the official switching of the game
and play that for a year until San Andreas Stories comes out.
My gaming week was kind of not that eventful, I didn't actually play a whole lot.
As far as new stuff goes, I checked out Texas Hold'em, which was free on Xbox Live, so I
downloaded that and played it.
You know, it's kind of funny, I just was randomly up really late on Tuesday, so at 1 AM when
the game was released, I actually downloaded it, and of course, in not even like 10 minutes
I get an invite into an Xbox Live game and it was actually being run by another podcaster
Godfrey over at Gamertag, so it was kind of cool that like, you know, we were getting
together and playing on the Xbox Live.
As far as Texas Hold'em goes, how I like the game itself, I don't think it's something
I would have spent ten bucks on.
I'm kind of glad they had that free period because, you know, the game does seem to still
be a little bit buggy and, I don't know, I'm just not that excited by Texas Hold'em Poker.
I think the whole thing's a little bit saturated to me, you know, with all the specials they
they have on TV and all the other 5,000 poker clones they have out. I mean yeah
it's kind of nice to have it on Xbox Live and you know I suppose if you're a
poker fan you know this will be a really easy thing for you to pick up and it's
probably cheaper even ten dollars than anything else is out there on the market.
I'm surprised that they put the game out now. It's being that there's also two
more poker games coming out all in poker and was it no World's in World Series of
Poker Tournament of Champions are both coming out. Granted they're both gonna be
$39.99, but still, I mean, you have this free game for Texas Hold'em, why am I gonna go
buy a $40 game now? I mean, yeah. And granted it might be more polished, but it's a free
game, it's Texas Hold'em, I mean, you can't really jazz up Texas Hold'em too much.
I guess the nicest thing about it is that most of my friends online have it, so there's
always at least one game we can play together, but I don't know, I just, I wish the pacing
of the game could be sped up, especially in single player. Like, if I've already folded,
I just want them to run through it. I don't really want to watch bet.
You know, maybe it's just because I don't really watch on ESPN. I don't get
the thrill of watching it.
I do like some of the little subtleties they put in. For instance, when everybody
does go all-in,
like it shows that percentage of like the odds that you have to win the hand.
So, you know, I don't know. That was kind of neat. And I do like the concept of having one
bankroll
that you build and build through. So like when you make bets, you can't just restart
with a
brand new bank. Like if you make a bet, that will impact your
entire history on xbox live you could bet it all away so I
I like that concept that's kinda neat so I'll give the game credit for that
and I guess it looks good for an xbox live game but yeah why does it always
why does it always pan up on the table deal and then pan back down like every time
I didn't get that at all this some of the weird things and I thought it was supposed to
support the camera
and I know Godfrey had a camera and he said it wasn't doing anything so I don't
I don't know whatever it's free
can't complain about free things so what can I say I mean it was worth checking out
But if you haven't already downloaded it, I don't think it's worth the $10.
Maybe download the demo, see if you like it, I don't know. Or if you're really into poker, maybe you'll like it.
But you probably already got it if you're really into poker.
I was just thinking something. There's that game that's coming out, or the collection, the Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged that's coming out.
And we know that Texas Hold'em is going to be probably patched later on.
But Live Arcade Unplugged is for people that don't have Live or don't have an internet connection.
So they're going to be buying this game and getting a really buggy copy.
But they're only playing single-player anyway. Yeah, but still though,
it's still buggy. I don't know.
Alright, well let's go ahead and get into some gaming news tonight.
And we're going to start it off with a little report on Konami's fourth annual Summer
Barbecue.
Loki and I were at the Konami Summer Barbecue this week. Yes.
And we saw a lot of new games. Yeah, that's cool. So let me just throw some games out there,
we'll talk about them a little bit.
Death Junior 2 on the PSP. It looked pretty good. I played the first Death Junior for
about maybe an
hour and I got bored of it pretty quick.
It looked a lot better. Definitely rebuilt from the ground up and looks
like the graphics are a lot better.
To be honest, I mean, I've kind of outgrown the platform games like that, so it's
not really appealing to me, but if anybody, you know,
really is into that stuff, I think it's definitely a game that will be worth picking up.
Yeah, the game definitely looked more polished to me than the first game in the
series that they released. I know fans of the series will be really happy that they
can play as Pandora now. I know that they were talking about how they fixed a lot of
the camera because of complaints in the first game, and the camera, you know, it felt like
a typical platformer to me when I played it. I actually did get to put hands-on on it,
and it was kind of nice. You could do, like, strafing and all this other stuff too that
felt really good. I also thought it was neat because you can play co-op through the entire
game. It's not just selected levels or modes, but you can play co-op with a friend through
the whole game, and by the way, they hinted that there might be a cheat mode where you
you can fight each other.
Oops, that was supposed to be off the record.
Sorry, I wasn't supposed to say anything about that.
Oh, and there's chickens that fire laser beams
from their eyes, that's cool.
That's the coolest thing I've ever heard of.
So if you have that Invader Zim style sense of humor,
you'd get a kick out of Death Junior 2, probably.
Yeah, especially since Pandora kind of reminds you
of Gaz a little bit, so.
Silent Hill Origins PSP, or should I say Silent Evil 4.
Because it's very similar in look and feel
to the Resident Evil 4, I thought.
But I mean, it works.
It works for Silent Hill.
what you think? I really like what they did with it and more kind of it almost
seems like they're going to be going more of an action route more Resident
Evil type but it the game itself looks really good even though I mean it wasn't
hardly done at all I think like 30% or something
yeah a lot of placeholder stuff but it looked really good and I was very
impressed by what they were showing us on the PSP. Fans of Silent Hill are
actually gonna be really pleased it definitely you know even though we're
joking a little bit about the whole over-the-shoulder camera switch it
It definitely has that Silent Hill feel that you guys are used to.
Fourteen new Akira Yamaoka songs, four of which have the vocals from Mary Elizabeth
McGlynn.
So that's going to be awesome.
One third of the town comes from the original game and then they added a new two thirds
to the town.
So that's pretty cool.
And it looked pretty cool just as far as I like the weapons that you can select and stuff.
And how they have the automatic cameras for when you're going to different spots.
will actually you know do the Silent Hill cameras you know where really high
shot or low shot yeah that was kind of cool I like you could do the the whole
camera switching a little bit it's not all over the shoulder they said that as
far as the story goes it incorporates elements of the film but that doesn't
disrupt the story of the other games so there will be elements of the film in it
Travis is the name of the main character you do come into contact with Dahlia in
the game and Alyssa is in the story but the connection of Silent Hill 1 not as
strong as you might think by hearing that so they also said the outdoor area
is kind of a sandbox type game with it leads into other interior areas which
you know was kind of the way most of the others you know at least silent 2 and
some of the other ones were anyway so that makes sense some of the melee
weapons you'll get to use sledgehammer tire iron and shovel can't wait to a
beat-up zombies with a shovel that should be fun I want to use a tire that's
the thing that's the kind of thing it sort of is a little bit different to me
from the other Silent Hills is where you've got this character, the lead is very strong.
I mean, bludgeoning the crap out of, you know, creatures with a sledgehammer instead of,
you know, maybe just, you know, a weak, you know, woman or something trying to beat up
something, you know, with whatever, a stick or something.
It's like, you know, this guy could kick ass, I mean, that's kind of cool.
He's a trucker.
Exactly.
Marvel trading card game coming to DS, PSP, and the PC.
You know, to be honest, I don't play the trading card games and I don't like, you know, Yu-Gi-Oh
or anything like that.
I did like the fact how they're talking about being able to play on the PSP versus PC, which
is, you know, the first for that.
And I'd like to see more games utilize something like that, because that's pretty cool.
And the DS is going to use Wi-Fi, which is pretty cool too.
That's pretty awesome.
So, you know, if you're into those trading card games or you like the Marvel game, they
they did say all heroes and villains in the card game will be in there and all
the cutscenes were done by the Marvel artists and writers and they know it's
gonna be authentic and they were also talking about the PC version being
actually like a free almost like a handout at like comic cons and stuff
like that where they would give the game out and basically you would go download
a pack and it would be all kind of like e-content that you would download like
cards and stuff so that's pretty cool
all right try to say this next one three times fast you ready winning 11
pro evolution soccer 2007 yes what did you think of what did you think of
winning 11 pro evolution soccer 2007 um it looks pretty good actually for a
soccer game I haven't really played too much of FIFA so I can't really compare
it but just from like shots I've seen you have FIFA and kind of the way it's
playing I mean I you know it's number one soccer game in the world right for
a reason so you know I thought it was interesting because I guess the build we
were looking at was pretty early it looked to be running off the pro evo 6
engine so right wasn't that what it was yeah yeah so you know we were looking at
an early build but we did get to see it with the next-gen graphics they were
showing it on the 360 and so I loved how when you paused it you know I'm not
really super into sports games but I do love me some soccer don't get me wrong I
think it's a great sport I used to play when I was a kid little-known fact I do
love the fact when you pause the game it's almost like remember when you
pause the game in Super Smash Brothers Melee you could spin the camera around
like anywhere you want and zoom in is it like it does that with the the soccer
and you can slowly move it forward and slowly move it back and like it's so
detailed that you see the eyes on the people's faces now the only problem in
the build we saw was that all the background motions still kept going and
even it was paused but it's so early build I probably shouldn't even say that
it's really bill you know they're gonna fix that so not worried about that but
yeah I thought it was pretty cool and again cross cross-platform online
competition they said the PlayStation 2 and the PC they want them to be able to
play each other haven't guaranteed it yet but that's what they're working
towards thought that was very interesting yeah they also said the DS
version of the game is going to be a little more kid-friendly kind of a
throwback to the really old Pro Evo soccer soccer games where they want it
to be like the enabler for the series you know what I mean like kind of a
simplified version that gets people in the gateway soccer gateway soccer game I
think they called it. I thought that was kind of neat.
Shallon Showdown coming to a variety of platforms.
You know the game looks very pretty and it's actually, you know, the animations are good
and it's kind of fun to play but I don't get it. I don't get the point to it because the
way the game is set up, I mean, it's almost like Power Stone where you're, you know, kind
of fighting stuff but I don't know if it was just a demo I was playing but I kept killing
robots and they just kept respawning and I did that for about 15 minutes and nothing
happened.
Was it maybe just because it was like supposed to be a tech demo or like it wasn't really
the game?
That's why I was thinking I'm like I hope this is the case but by reading most of the
descriptions of it, it sounds like that's not really the case and I mean it's really
good looking.
The game's supposed to be out November 14th.
Yeah I mean it's really good looking I just I don't get it I mean maybe if maybe this
is just part of the game and I'm not seeing you know I'm thinking that's probably what
it was, you know, but it looks very good, I mean, and fans of the show will definitely
like it.
Yeah, if you're a fan of the show, the head writers from the show wrote all the dialogue
and there's six playable characters in the game, the four main characters to start, and
you get two bad guys that are unlockable later on.
I thought what was interesting about the DS version, they have a bunch of mini-games that
use the stylus and the mic, kind of like Mario mini-games, but that's alright, it uses stylus
and air hockey and the microphone to, like, blow a ship across the sea and all that stuff.
They said the DS version of the game will have 30 hours of gameplay, which for a DS
is pretty huge, so it sounds like it might have a lot of appeal there, especially for
fans of the show.
Coded Arms Contingent I played the original Coded Arms, didn't
care for it at all, and I'm liking how they're going to be actually, a couple things, they're
doing more variety of environments, and they're actually set stages, so it's not all this
random generated stuff, I mean, granted, the random generated stuff is kind of cool, and
Maybe they have a mode like that or something separate from the game, but the actual game
is not so good.
I do like the new details that they added to it.
It's a lot more polished in how you can map all your keys and stuff to your own configurations.
It's pretty cool.
Coded Arms is not my cup of tea either, but if you're a fan of the series, multiplayer
is going to be up to 8 players from 4 players.
The game is scheduled for March 2007, which is supposedly the time the PlayStation 3 version
is coming out as well, but it is separate stories.
The PSP and the PS3 versions are separate stories in the series.
Lunar Knights from Kojima Productions on the Nintendo DS.
Did you get a chance to look at that a little bit?
I didn't really get a chance to play it, but I saw them showing it off and stuff.
It looked pretty good.
It reminds me of Mega Man Battle Network a little bit.
It's Boktai.
Seriously, if you played that one with the sun and everything, it's almost just like
that.
Okay, yeah, that's kind of why they have the Sun and the moon and interesting green interesting
So yeah, you have some first-person modes in there as well
They definitely heavily use the elements in the game you draw on the screen like like when you're using like an air element you kind
Of twirl the stylus on the screen to create a tornado, which was kind of cute
So I I played through the first level of the demo and it was it was pretty cool
So awesome
Metal Gear Solid portable ops
Very very awesome to see and especially since you know, I don't know about a lot of people out there
But I didn't like Metal Gear acid didn't care for it at all
I'm kind of you know, hoping that they'd put out an actual metal your solid game on the PSP and this one looks really cool
They're doing a lot of elements or adding a lot of things that they didn't have any other games like the
Where you actually have a squad now three members. That was pretty cool
Yeah, this is the Metal Gear game that fans wanted a year ago. So it takes place six years after the snake eater story
Did you notice that in the little trailer, it looks like the cutscenes are borrowed from
that comic book game they put out?
Like the comic book Metal Gear?
Yeah, I thought that was really cool, because I love that look that the Metal Gear comic
thing had.
Yeah, and then you have the whole comrade thing where you build your own team.
That seems to be kind of the niche of this game, that you build your own team of people
and then you use people together, like you switch from one character to another and go
go back and forth, and that's how you can take out, you know, other guys in the area
that might be hard to get to, you know, a sniper who's got you in the sights, maybe
use somebody else to take out the sniper, I thought that was kind of cool.
Full voiceovers in the cinematics, the original voice actors are all back for this game, and
just an FYI, there's supposedly a ninja character that I don't know if we're supposed to mention
because they wouldn't say much about it there, but a whole lot more information is supposed
to be released on this Tokyo game show.
supposedly some sort of box hiding system yeah look if they said it I'm
reporting on it I'm sorry you know unless they specifically said don't
repeat this you know I if they let it slip out hey we got it we have a legal
obligation to report on it all right now here's one I have a ton of things to say
about Castlevania portrait or ruin what you think of this oh it's pretty good I
liked the game a lot actually played it in quite a bit and you know typical
Castlevania game, but it looks very good. I'm very impressed with what they've done
with the DS. I mean, I was incredibly impressed that they had an anime cut intro, you know,
it's like... What is up with Konami love for the handhelds
this year? That's pretty much all we saw. Like every, like seriously, almost every game
we saw had at least one version being made for the PSP or the DS. Yeah, every single
game we saw, except for Elibits, the Karaoke Revolution game, and the DDRs. But, I mean,
everything else had a handheld. Why would they even bother with the PSP since the sales
are kinda crap in Japan? Well, you know, what it comes down to is, I think there was even
some study out there that said that handhelds are actually more popular than console games,
which, you know, the facts don't really show that, but, I don't know, I think it's just...
A game like Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops is going to sell PSPs. So, you know, maybe
that's part of it. So, maybe because it's got the muscle there. And, what was the other
thing about portable ops it utilizes the GPS supposedly yeah it's hot so
Castlevania portrait of ruin so cool I mean I love you can use y okay first off
you have to understand they've made some big changes to the basic formula now you
swap between two characters at the touch of a button you swap between Jonathan
who's kind of a traditional Belmont style character and then Charlotte who's
like magic and intellect based and like I thought was kind of cool because you
hold down the button to charge your magic and the longer you're able to hold
it down, the more powerful the attack is and the graphics match that.
I thought that was kind of neat.
She can stop time, heal, boost stats, all that stuff, but by a touch of another button
you bring them both on the screen at the same time to solve simple puzzles, which I thought
was pretty cool.
And then here's like the greatest thing, you finally get to go outside the damn castle.
That's what the portraits are all about, is that the bad guy paints these portraits and
I don't know, it's somehow how he has control over the castle.
Mario did it!
Whatever you go into these portraits and they take you to levels that are not inside a castle
So you get to go to an Egyptian level that's called sandy grave you go to a town level
That's called the city of Hays and it's all very Castlevania esque and it's it's quite cool
And this is cool because there's two characters. This game is gonna support Wi-Fi
local and internet Wi-Fi and get this
multiplayer co-op now sorry kids not in the one-player mode but you can do the
boss rush mode also something they weren't saying a lot of details about
was the shop mode there's a shop mode that's going to be Wi-Fi as well that
you're going to be able to trade items across the internet it sounds like they
would be really sketchy details the people from what I was piecing together
sounded like you'd be able to buy things from other people shops that you didn't
want and but kind of make trades like that I gave out items or something you
can sell them almost like an auction market type thing.
More details to come at Tokyo Game Show.
Pairs, by the way, seem to be a recurring theme in this game, because did you notice
there were the vampire bad guys, where Stella and Loretta were some of these female vampire
antagonist characters?
I thought that was kind of interesting.
So I think if you enjoyed last year's Castlevania, this one's going to up the ante.
I think you're going to be very, very impressed.
Karaoke Revolution American Idol.
I think you're par for the Chorus Carry Revolution game with some added stuff.
I liked how they have all the different responses to how you did and will actually look at different
things including the costume of your character and your pitch and all that stuff.
I think this game is going to be huge.
And I don't think it's necessarily going to be the hardcore gamer crowd that gets into
this game, but I just think this is going to be a very accessible game for mainstream
especially the fact that it's you know based off American Idol and that they've
integrated the show so well into karaoke revolution I mean it's just a perfect
American and plus karaoke revolution was pretty much already that way though do
wasn't pour some sugar on me in the game or something like that yeah crazy
that's a crazy soul and also they've got it have a loan by heart which is like my
favorite and they're gonna be launching it at the same time as this almost the
start of the season so I think this game is going to begin him pin that thing on
the show like crazy. The only thing that didn't make sense to me, PS2 only. And I thought
the Xbox with the, you know, downloadable expansions and stuff was a great idea. So
I guess if the game does well, they'll probably port it to other platforms, but...
Well, I think the Xbox right now, they're kind of considering not doing that because
the Xbox is pretty much at the end of its cycle. The PS2 is going to be going on for
a while, but you don't want to put out a game that's pretty much, you know, who's going
really buy everyone's transitioning over to the Xbox 360 and they're not ready
to put out a next-gen version of it so you know that's kind of why that they're
not doing see with the GameCube you know they're not doing anything like that oh
by the way I have to say something about this because you know I can't keep my
damn mouth shut okay you remember how our podcast once got a negative review
because it was they were calling us a bunch of drunks or whatever and that
gaming journalists should you know be professional or whatever and not get
get drunk on air.
Did you notice how wild and crazy a lot of people at that party were, especially during
that American Idol contest and things of that nature?
Did you notice the journalist from...
I'm not 100% positive where he's from, so I shouldn't name it unless I have my facts
proved, but he walks in and holds up this bottle of like 40 or something and everybody's
cheering.
I'm just thinking to myself, I was like, I didn't know what to think.
One part of me thinks it's funny.
How about hypocrite?
But yeah, the other part of me thinks, this is the most hypocritical thing I've ever...
Wasn't it weird?
Okay, here's the...
Wasn't it weird being there, Loki?
It was weird, and here's why it's weird.
Because on the show, it's fine to fuck around every once in a while, because you make it
a disclaimer.
It's like, I wouldn't do that if I was on TV, maybe, because that might be a little
weird.
I mean, I don't know, getting drunk on live television probably wouldn't be good.
But going to a press event where you're going there to do business, you're not going there
to get drunk and fuck off.
This isn't like a company barbecue.
You can do that at your company barbecue, but you know what, you're going to do business
here.
This is a business thing.
You're doing interviews, you're getting information to report to the press and stuff, you're not
supposed to be look I got 40 let's get
wasted man I know I was like that maybe like
I just was in awe I didn't know what to think I was like I can't believe that's
like I thought it was a joke that would be funny if I was you know
not at a professional gaming event I thought it was a joke
I mean at first but you know they actually were out in the parking lot drinking
and I I kinda remember which outlet they're from but I
I don't wanna know did you know okay did you know did you notice this too
Now, I'm not trying to toot my own horn here, but I was the only person
in the whole freaking building that was taking notes on a laptop.
Now, granted, some of the other journalists were doing the old-fashioned pen and paper thing,
but I'm thinking to myself,
you all work for dot coms, and you're all like on the tech edge of things, and
you know, I just thought it was really surprising, because I don't know,
I personally, maybe it's a thing they teach you in journalist school, I don't know,
but I think, I type fast, so if I want to be able to make a ton of notes, I'm going to type them out on my laptop.
I'm not going to try and write everything, because my handwriting is god-awful.
So I was kind of surprised that I was the only one that had a laptop there.
Something is really wrong with the mainstreaming gaming press, you guys, and I'm not afraid
to say it.
So, whatever.
That's it.
There was a ton of people there from like IGN and 1UP and stuff, I mean, they have like
stacks of like 10 people.
Yeah, it was the Ziff Davis, IGN, Bay Area, Dotcomer Club.
Gosh, and you know, I do feel bad, I'm not sure how many small press were there, but
I'm sure that, you know, I don't know if they were in the same boat we were, but we were
like, you know, basically strong-armed out of the way for like, you know, the Wii game,
Elibits and stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, whatever.
You know, I guess we don't have three million unique visitors a month or whatever that-
Elibits is pretty sweet, by the way, you know.
Yeah, yeah, Elibits.
What'd you think of Elibits?
Elibits is pretty awesome.
It reminds me of Katamari a little bit because basically you start off the game with this
gun and you're able to, like, levitate objects with it, but as you collect Elibits, you gain
wattage and you gain the ability to lift larger objects, kind of like, you know, katamari.
And eventually if, you know, you collect enough, because each level has, you know, basically,
you know, a checkpoint of you need to get so many elevates and so much wattage, and
then you can keep continuing and doing different things, like you can, you know, for example
they show us popping popcorn, you can grab popcorn and throw it in the microwave once
you've got enough wattage to run the microwave, and then elevates pop out of the popcorn and
you get more of them like that, but eventually you can lift the whole house or throw stuff
around and they have some stealth stuff in there which was pretty cool.
You know what though?
As much as I appreciated this game a lot more, being able to see it a little closer and hands
on than I did at E3, and it was kind of cool to be next to a Wii again without having to
wait in a five hour line I have to admit, I don't think, like if this game came out
for the same price as like Zelda, Metroid, Mario, there's no way I could justify buying
I'm sorry.
I mean, the game looked kind of fun, but it didn't look $39.99 fun to me.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just because we were only seeing one aspect of the game, but seriously, I hope
that this game is a little bit lower of a price point.
I think it will be much more successful if they aim that way.
Well, I can tell you...
Oh, you have it in your little database thingy?
I can tell you exactly what the price is going to be on the...
All right, cool.
If I remember correctly, I think it was $49.99.
If I remember...
No, see, it's too much.
It's too much.
Hopefully it changes.
I don't know.
Real quick housekeeping things while Loki looks that up.
Is there anything else you want to say about the press event?
I'm sorry.
You know, I like it.
I want to thank them first off for inviting us down there and actually...
Yeah, thanks guys for taking a chance and inviting some of the independent press.
We appreciate it.
It was really cool to check it out and stuff.
I love going to those things.
But yeah, I don't know.
I like gamers day better. I think gamers day was a little more. I was sad that DDR wasn't there
I had to go to work. I know cuz well you have the time off for Disneyland
Yeah, I I would have really enjoyed Disneyland. So, you know, I did
Very much. I just want to say some real quick housekeeping things. Um, this tonight is a mini episode
I should have said that at the top of the episode. There's not gonna be a part B tonight
And the DDR power previews will start next week and that is only on the live stream
You have to be listening live and you'll get to hear some brand new
DDR songs from the ultra mix for v-rare and universe v-rare and I can't say anything about it
You know, we're not supposed to talk about you know, what we're playing and all that stuff yet
But you know, I can't help but say something cuz I got to hear some of the tracks and everything
One of the songs we're playing next week
like
Take a really dark DDR song and make it even darker like the remix
so it's like oh it's so cool it's so cool so you'll hear it next week that's
all I have to say I'm sorry they haven't set a price yet for elements okay thank
you for the clarification all right so let's get into other gaming news from
around the world well there is definitely other news first one up
actually well you realize that Nintendo has been hanging out in Germany with
their fun little press conference right no their game conference I should say
yep well even though they are still not giving a definite price on the Wii there
has been a slight leak from the the head of German operations saying they expect
a price below 250 euros which would be three hundred and twenty one dollars and
fifty cents basically it's still more of the same Nintendo still saying that they
expect it to be, you know, as far as 25,000 yen in Japan, which is $223 here. So, no more
than 250 in the U.S., so it's basically more of the same. Nothing specific.
All right. Thoughts on that, anything? Not a lot of surprises there, you know. $250 is
kind of the price we're all thinking anyway, so.
They basically, if I think, come out and said the same thing, like, you know, no less than
you know, 250, at least in the US, no less than 249 or whatever.
But that was not the only news that they announced, well, or I should say that came from Let's
Pick.
They did announce two new games, Mario Strikers Charged and Battalion Wars 2.
Of course, Mario Strikers Charged is a follow-up to the GameCube game and looks pretty awesome.
Kind of a little edgy soccer game for them, I guess.
And then Battalion Wars 2 is just awesome, and in fact, actually they have a kind of
video footage on game trailers that I saw linked to on Kotaku and it looks pretty sweet.
I mean, I never really got into the first Battalion Wars, but very cool little game
and definitely shown off some pretty good graphics for the Wii, so I'm looking forward
to that stuff.
Of course, I like this, it's kind of referring to Battalion Wars 2 as B-Wii, you know, because
you know too funny but um yeah it's supposed to be pretty cool very cool um
there's more Nintendo news coming one thing that wasn't announced that
everybody thought was going to be announced in Germany was the release date
and the official price point yeah launch details promising that was gonna happen
but your bad my bad your bad hey it made sense I mean hey look we already told
you guys the Wii is coming out soon soon well soon will be answered on September
14th we're pretty sure this is the real deal because Nintendo has sent out
special invites for a celebration of video games and Nintendo of America
president our dear buddy Reggie Phil's aim will be there in person and he's
going to be promoting quote-unquote the upcoming lineup. Reggie? Yep. Where's our
invite? I know, I don't know. No, I guess we don't get three million unique
page views a month so we we have to stay home but I don't know how formal or
informal this event's going to be but seriously you know since this is going
to be a really big deal IGN I'd leave your 40s at home. Oh yeah I went there I
I went there. You know what, I do believe, I can't remember what, there was one blog
that had, it wasn't a blog or some site that had, you know, that thing about the invite
and they were talking about drinking Reggie's beer. So, I don't know. Whatever, you know,
do what you want if you make an ass of yourself. Such hypocritical, next story, whatever. Anyways,
I don't care anymore, we're just going to do our thing.
Who cares?
Anyways, I don't know if you've looked in the forums lately, but we did start a brand
new thread, thank you very much Rob, about stuff that we reported on the show that's
kind of under the radar as we like to put it.
This week, for example, they announced officially about the Xbox Live Unplugged Volume 1, as
we reported weeks ago, and other things of that nature and stuff, and we're going to
be continuing to add to that each week with new stuff and this week I want to point out
this is not an ego thing.
We are very humble people.
We love the fact that we are independent.
We have such great listeners and folks that listen to us.
We just are keeping this list for ourselves.
When people call us liars and we are full of shit over here, I just want it on the record
somewhere.
So that is what we are doing, so join in the fun.
Go to the thread.
And personally, my personal thing here is I don't like reporting something and then
having another press outlet report the same thing and then it spreads like wildfire and
everyone takes it as gospel as they were the first ones to have the story.
That's never happened to us ever.
It's kind of an ego boosting thing.
It's never happened.
And anyhoo, anyhoo, okay, so that never happened when OneUp picked the Konami release date
story out.
I don't care tonight.
I just don't care tonight.
Whatever.
Anyways.
We're independent.
I don't care tonight.
I seriously don't.
a couple things. First off, you remember there's the news of Bullet Witch being put out in
the United States by Atari. We've got a date for you. February 21st is when you can expect
that game, assuming there's no date changes. And then of course a new Wii launch title,
or in the launch window I guess as you would put it. Shrek Smash and Crash for the Wii,
it's going to be a Mario Kart style game featuring Shrek characters. Whoopty shit. Whoopty shit
Yes, but it is coming out on the Wii December 15th for $39.99 so look forward to that.
But you know, you're here first.
Any other US release dates that we should be aware of coming up?
Of course.
This week's is actually going to be pretty awesome.
Lots of 360 stuff.
Bomberman Act Zero is going to be coming out.
You've also got Enchanted Arms coming out on the 360.
Ooh, that's this week?
Yes, that's this week.
Ooh, I'm going to get that.
Enchanted Arms got it said Enchanted Arms is good if you like RPG cliches
because the game is I love RPG cliches then it's for you great and then my
personal favorite which I already got some special of course Saints Row
seriously tonight oh man all right whatever our egos need a lashing tonight
seriously Jamie make fun of us please um you're gay thank you but anyways other
other things. Yeah, Loki, you're gay. You're not gay. But we won't hold that against you.
And this is another one for you, Rob. Star Fox Command comes out this coming week, which
is going to be pretty awesome. No? Can I be honest? I kind of stopped caring about Star
Fox a long time ago. Nothing is as cool as the first Star Fox. Dude, yeah, exactly right.
Nothing is as cool as the first Star Fox. Hell no. Star Fox, did you play that abortion
of a GameCube Star Fox game?
Yeah, listen. Thank you. Star Fox 64. Can you see my enthusiasm?
We used to play Star Fox 64 during lunches
in high school. Multiplayer four-player death matches.
That was the shit. I'll check it out but I'm not gonna spend... I want a demo.
It's all about the Wi-Fi multiplayer death matches.
Of course then again, you know Wi-Fi. You know what, Loki, why don't you buy it
and then you can let me play it and then I'll let you borrow enchanted arms or something
and you can have fun with your RPG cliches.
Okay, fine. Alright, anyways.
Well hey, there's other places in the world.
To quote Eddie Izzard, are you aware there's other countries?
Hold on, I still got some more. I'm almost done. Sorry.
Xenosaga 3 is also coming out on PlayStation 2.
Disgaea 2 is coming out this week, which is going to be pretty cool.
One Piece, Grand Adventure, if you like anime fighting games, pretty cool.
And if you're not into that kind of stuff, on the PSP there's going to be Def Jam Fight for New York, Take Over or Take Down. I can't remember which it was.
Will be all coming out.
Let's look for those.
Thank you.
They needed to do a game called Thingy.
You could author the game, I don't know.
I'll make a game. Someone should hire me to design a game.
It'll be awesome. It'll be called Jamie's Awesome Game.
Anyway, speaking of awesome, we have the release dates, uh, over in the UK, uh, I know I already
went over them the week before, but, uh, I'll actually, um, today, which I, I touched on
some last week too, so it's, which I guess would be yesterday now in the UK, oh yeah,
we're pre-taping this week, so it's actually Friday night, Friday night, sorry, the Reservoir
Dogs, Madden 2007, which was a big whoopty shit in my book, yeah, um, Dan had to be there
for the Madden sale I thought it was funny let's make a soccer team and dig
dug digging strike also now coming out on the first which is ironically my
wedding anniversary Oh age of pirates Caribbean tails and d1 street ball
birth of America damn snort at the end there I'm nothing is it funny because I
that game's coming out of the UK. So it's kind of funny, it's like, you know, hey, Revolutionary
War, the game, weeee. Let's kick some Yankee ass, whoo, accepts, whoops.
Dance Factory, Def Jam Fight for New York, The Takeover on PSP, Dungeon Siege 2, Broken
me snoozing the game, gatora man lives, woo, saints row, starfox command, test drive unlimited,
gangs of london, and on the 6th the scramble, but I feel very sorry for everybody over there
because they don't get dead rising until the 8th and that makes me cry because dead rising
is awesome, at least they are getting it pretty soon, but they are getting ultimate ghosts
Goblins on the 8th as well. At least they're not getting it 28 days later.
You're so funny!
Where's a gun? Alright, maybe we can whack him over the head with a Guitar Hero
controller. Those things are pretty heavy.
You may have remembered earlier in Orange Lounge Radio History we
talked to you guys about GHOUL and everybody was wondering what the hell
does GHOUL mean? Well guess what? We know now it's the Guitar Hero
Organized Underground League. You remember how Red Octane like
They kind of started before they were making Guitar Hero.
They were like a DDR pad maker company, right?
And they used to sponsor local tournaments.
Well, they kind of took that, like local DDR tournaments,
right, they kind of took that idea
and applied it to Guitar Hero.
This is a set of sponsored tournaments
where you will do the organizing and promoting
and then Red Octane gives you banners and prizes.
So it's like the Guitar Hero tournament in a box.
Kind of, or it's like the,
it makes me think of the Xbox Live Pizza Party thing as well.
Exactly.
So that's kind of neat.
Now Red Octane, by the way, is only going to do a limited amount of sponsorships, so
look into that if you are curious and want some sponsorship there for your tournament.
Awesome.
And I think it's on their MySpace, which I assume is MySpace.com slash guitar hero,
I think.
Probably.
Otherwise you can probably do MySpace.com slash Red Octane.
I think they don't have an official Red Octane one.
Ah, whatever.
Anyways, speaking of really cool stuff, PAX is going on right now, and one of the big
announcements at PAX was the Penny Arcade game and it looks pretty awesome
just they have a little teaser image that came out for it and the name of the
game is actually it's quite interesting because it looks like it's gonna be
episodic content and stuff and anyways the name is Penny Arcade Adventures on
the rain slick precipice of darkness and it will be a comic adventure games
coming out on the PC, Mac OS X, and Linux and by the teaser image it shows giant glowing
looks like eyes in the sky and says I'm coming and if anyone follows the strip very closely
you'll remember a certain parody of a certain console preview video, the Wii, which had
fruit fucker on there as the saying I'm coming in 2006
and well fucking fruit fucker in a game
penny arcade oh I gotta get this I am looking for this game
like crazy why don't we go to penny arcade expo seriously
I might you know what I at my respect for penny arcade goes like higher and
higher like every time we do some time I really want to be honest I do wanna go
next year
and I do have a lot of respect for him they also announced was a ten thousand
dollar scholarship for
You know, students that are looking to go into a video game field in school and stuff.
So that's pretty, I mean, that's kind of given back to the community.
I like that a lot.
And they've definitely kind of got a really good vibe going on with everything.
It's kind of like a fun E3 where actually people are, I don't know, it's just the right
kind of attitude to have in the industry.
All right.
Very cool.
speaking of cool actually now I don't know if this is cool cool or sort of huh
because it's just more Xbox 360 drama in my opinion you know they have their
premium pricing for a lot of the games on Xbox Live Arcade well they're also
giving luminous the same treatment where to play to play this 1200
marketplace points, which is about $14.99, however, is that once you reach a certain
number of points in mission or versus CPU modes of the game, you will be actually asked
to pay another 700 points.
I hope that is a gross misinterpretation somehow of what is really intended, because it would
not be a surprise if they're charging additional points for new themes and skins, but to prevent
you from going further in the game and points, having to spend more money, what is that?
like a demo I'm paying for I'm hoping there's just like a gross
misinterpretation of what they're charging for and even then you know if
they're charging for extra levels and skins and things well it's not a big
surprise what it might be is that the game you know has downloadable song packs
or whatever in that case and that the single-player game goes you know so far
say you start off with like 20 songs or something when you download the game and
then later on when you buy that sound pack it will go to level 20 and then
continue on like say with the five other songs that are in your song pack that
would make more sense but I don't see how you would I mean I would think it's
just like the one rumor that came out and I hope that's not true where you'd
have to purchase like multiplayer for the game I mean it's kind of dumb I
don't know just be you know what I realize luminous is this very popular
in-demand thing but don't shoot yourself in the foot kids over at Xbox Live I
I still wouldn't put it past them. This is a good...
this is a prime way to make money. You know, people will pay for it. Yeah, and I will
probably be one of them and I will
punch myself in the face for doing it. Now, one thing to be pointed
out is that they're doing all of their pricing in terms of points instead of
putting the dollar point.
They're putting the actual Xbox Live points to sort of...
I honestly
think that it's a way, and I agree with
With this article because I got the information from wire.com
I
Do think that actually it's a way to subvert
The overall price value of the game by giving it in terms of something abstract like points
We do have a handful of people in our chat room right now that are listening live to us taping a little early on Friday
Night and drew Nami's in there and makes kind of a good point. Yeah, I'd like to purchase world 2-1
episodic content to the extreme
Interesting comparison, like a Mario Brothers style game.
There's going to be a point where people are just not going to pay for it anymore and
you know that's I think I kind of got to that point you know with
Elder Scrolls IV like I'm not going to go buy
all the content and everything so I don't know.
Well if you like downloading stuff on live
Microsoft has a lot of plans coming for live
and live anywhere. In fact, at Let's Big, they were talking about some of the stats
including the attach rate, which right now is about 60%, which is a lot better than the
10% that they had on the original Xbox. They said that more than 1 billion Microsoft points
have been activated, which in the current exchange rate comes to $12.5 million in revenue,
they said that the average Xbox Live user has downloaded about 25 pieces of content
with about 45 million overall downloads. They were also pointing out that some of the first
games to use the Xbox Live anywhere are actually going to be some of the Vista games including
Shadowrun and Halo 2. So that's very cool. They didn't really specify on how it's going
use live anywhere but um should be very interesting and um i can't wait for uh the live vision
camera which they mentioned of course is coming out why what are you gonna do with your live
camera what am i not gonna do with my life camera all right uh la la la la la uh yeah
anyway um one thing i have been dying for and i know you uh america and the rest of
the world that listen to this program i'm dying for is a pink nintendo ds light i am
so excited this is being released a pink Nintendo DS light and a black one too
are being released on September 13th in the US it's my understanding I
believe I read somewhere the UK is getting the pink one as well so they are
getting the pink one our buddies over there will get that as well but we get a
black one well they already have the black one over there so yes exactly so
now we're gonna match up finally we'll have all the colors and this is one of
those instances where I'm very glad I did not splurge and get the white DS
Because I would much prefer a black one or maybe a pink one depending on how I'm feeling on September 13th
Well, that was not the only systems that were getting some pink makeovers including in the UK
They are getting a PlayStation 2 the slim model. That's also gonna be in pink including they're gonna have some bundles
They're gonna be discounted including two pink
controllers
and a pink memory card and
And, you know, SingStarPop is going to be bundled in there as well.
For the most flamboyant PlayStation 2 bundle that's out there, it should be noted, as we
mentioned last week, that the US is getting a different colored PlayStation 2 slim model,
a silver one actually, which I believe has been available in the UK already.
They're also getting a pink PSP as well.
Goody goody.
So they think that that's going to appeal to women gamers because you know the only
thing stopping women gamers out there from actually purchasing consoles was the color.
Dark Sakura please explain the expression on your face because this is radio.
That's the most retarded thing I think I've ever heard.
Alright well speaking of colorful we certainly get emails every week and hopefully they've
kept the language to a minimum in the emails.
I don't know Dark Sakura did you have to suit up the asbestos this week for the email bag?
You know it wasn't bad enough for the asbestos, I just went in with a gas mask and some hand
sanitizer.
Alright, well you can email us with your colorful thoughts at mailbag at orangeslawnsradio.com
and DarkSakura will dip in there and pull out some emails like she's going to do right
now.
Well given the sort of short week for right now, and by the way, thank you for taking
care of mail for me while I was at Disneyland.
No problem.
It was fun.
actually let miklotov read oh fun oh we tried to give him the illusion of that
he was an actual full-fledged co-host for a night it was fun why don't we
downgrade him to dwarf host I don't know because he might he might bite you in
an ankle no Pluto was downgraded so now so miklotov made a sci-fi joke I get it
so miklotov is our dwarf host okay that's cool we could call him zena we
can call him mini dark soccer okay I'll get into that during the f-use okay I
wanted a planet named Xena. That's fine, that's fine. Anyway, um, first one is from
Grin without a Cat, who I think is uber cool. Um, hey, I like that name because it
makes me think of Alice in Wonderland. That's all. Don't get me started on the
whole Alice Mad Hatter thing. Okay, um, hey Orange Challenge crew, you probably
already heard of this one but I've just discovered Rhythm Tim Goku on the GBA
for Nintendo. In fact, it's the same people who did WarioWare and it shows.
If you haven't heard of it, there's some videos. It's actually on Nintendo.co.jp
It looks great fun to me and I'm thinking of importing it but wanted to check on what
you guys thought about the game and the possibility of it getting an English language release
before I did since you were the expert on music games.
Well I haven't heard of it getting an English release at all, I don't think it's coming
out here, but I bet you it will if another certain Japanese import game does very well
over here.
Yeah, I think that if Oh Endon or Elite Beat Agents, I should say, does well over here, then...
I think it's going to open the floodgates for music games on the handheld, so I think, you know, support Elite Beat Agents and I'll bet you anything, you're going to see a ton.
Hopefully not cheap knockoff clones, but some good stuff.
One music title that's kind of often overlooked is Electroplankton, because it was kind of a harder one to get. You had to get it on Nintendo Store and everything.
Electroplankton was cool, though, from the demo.
right it's not a rhythm game per se it's a music creation game
but I think a lot of people that are into music and rhythm games are into it
because
of the fact that it feels like you're making music at least that's why like I
love beatmania and you know
2DX and all that stuff is I feel like I'm actually making music so definitely
check out electroplankton I think you'll get a kick out of it. There's a little bit more to this email
Oh sorry. Rob. Hey Rob.
Just read the damn email. Hi. I missed you but my aim's improving
This would probably make a boring question for the show as I expect many of the listeners
to be pretty knowledgeable on the whole music genre, but I was wondering if you could help
me out.
I'm over in the UK and we don't get the choice in rhythm action genre that you guys in North
America get.
We do get quite a few of these games, Space Channel 5, Guitarman, Donkey Konga, and Guitar
Hero for example, but we still miss out on things such as Beatmania and Drum Master,
I guess that would be taiko. Thankfully both the DS and PSP are region-free, so I've been
able to import great games such as Daigasou Bandbrothers, Osutatakai Oendan, and Drum
Master Portable. I was wondering if you could recommend any music games that are available
on either the GBA, DS, or PSP. I don't really know any Japanese, but I haven't had any problems
working my way around the ones already mentioned. Keep up the great work, it's appreciated,
grid without a cap. What a very humble email, I really appreciate
Very humble attitude in that email.
I think I just kind of recommended one there.
We had the electroplankton was my suggestion there.
Actually, you kind of name most of the big ones.
There's not a whole lot that we get that you guys don't get.
I mean, honestly, most of the ones you named, we also have.
Handhelds, there's not a lot of music games on handhelds.
The DDR games on handheld were poopy.
You don't want those.
Well, I would say the only one I can think of that he didn't
mention, and it's not even out over here,
and I don't know how well it would play on a PSP,
DJ Maxx.
Yeah, DJ Maxx has a big cult following.
I know there's a couple folks on our forums.
I want to say there's an OL Army that's being formed for DJ Maxx
or something like that.
That might be one you want to look into.
I would say that if you're, honestly, there's not
a good BeatMania for a handheld, except for the Wonderswan one.
Which actually, I mean, I don't know if you have a Wonderswan,
but it actually has a little scratch pad
that you attach to it, and all the sound effects
were digitized.
So, it's the closest you can get to having the actual handle beating it.
Yeah, I'm not a fan of beat-meaning on a handheld, though.
I don't know, but DJ Max seems to be alright. I haven't played it in depth.
Well, the one thing I liked about the Wonderswan version is that it played on the side, and you had enough buttons to accommodate the game.
That was kind of neat.
But, then again, the turntable didn't quite fit, because I have a Wonderswan color.
Well, la-di-da.
Well, I'm saying, that's the problem I had with it.
I don't know if you're interested in it, too, but they also do make, sort of, like the Tiger Toy games.
They have Beatmania and DDR Portable.
There's even a Hello Kitty one.
And it's just like the size of a Pokemon Pikachu.
Cute.
They actually, not meaning,
I'm not actually saying this to actually plug a site,
but it is the one site I know that you can order them.
NCSX has them, and Toys and Joys.
So, if you're interested in that type of thing.
I'd say look through any of the importers list
except for BuyRight, because they suck.
But look through any of the importers lists.
Didn't BuyRight go out of business?
By right got shut down by the Better Business Bureau. All right next email. Hahaha. I was so happy
Okay, it's actually the last one is
From
Surya noji sama 91
From our chat. He was the phantom caller that didn't pick up for the music because it's my battery died
Oh, I got to miss out on a fun contest last week
Which by the way, we will do again because I got a really good reception
And by the way, we had Jamie play tonight the game from last week
If you're not even not sure we're talking about download part B of last week's show Jamie got six, so not too shabby
I'll write more down next time. I didn't write anything down. Yeah, she just named him off the top her head
So that was pretty good. It's pretty good as I'm hardcore. Okay, dear. Olr. I'm afraid I'm afraid for a lot of consumers
Afraid that they're going to be screwed over by Sony during this next-gen console war
I've been a loyal Sony fan over the years, maybe a little too loyal.
I own both an import PS2 and an American PS2, and I also happen to own a Japanese PSP which
I ordered at launch.
I'm afraid of the future of Sony with their release to the PS3 because of the possible
slip in sales due to the price tag.
I know people are going to buy the PS3, and it's obvious that they are going to sell out
at launch, but with their questionable market strategy releasing the PS3 under two SKUs
at sky-high prices, charges
for useless game content and the loss of sales at the UMD.
Sony may be in deep doo-doo this go-round. I would like to know what your
thoughts are about purchasing the PS3 and
also if it will be in good investment or a possible, quote, dreamcast.
Thanks, loyal fan. Ricky? You know what's funny is we had a very similar email last week.
There's been a lot of Sony
questioning going on lately, which isn't much of a surprise.
I'm gonna stick by something I said kind of similar last week is that you know
what I don't think it's something that I want to get on launch day but the end
and get then again the PlayStation 2 wasn't really something I needed on
launch day either so give it time see where it goes but for right now I don't
see any need to run out and buy I realize there's been a lot of hype
recently you know cuz the Xbox 360 had this huge launch thing and like that's
been like the big thing lately is launch day launch day but you don't have to buy
into that hype wait it's fine wait for the game you want to come out and then
make a decision I mean I'm waiting for Final Fantasy 13 or something else they
will grab my attention that same style then I will make a decision I still
stand by what I have always said since day one a system is only as good as the
games that are on it and from what I played it's crap even Sonic adventure as
for comparing it to the dreamcast I don't think that it's nothing is ever
going to be yeah because the dreamcast is kind of the other way around where
was just horribly underrated. But the system itself was so versatile. Yeah. I mean, hello
Bleemcast. You had a system that could run Playstation games. Did you notice the news
that was this week, um, that they were talking about? Remember Gran Turismo HD has a wor-
it was basically a tech demo? No, actually it's a full game. That's actually gonna be
now it is they have said it it is a port of Gran Turismo 4 all they did was
upscale the graphics and that is it so yay you can pay $59.99 for a freaking
game that is basically Gran Turismo 4 and by the way you can just get Gran
Turismo 4 and just put it in there and pretty much do the same thing Robway is
one of our loyals in chat right now and he says by the way a Best Buy HD DVD
outnumbers blu-ray two to run two to one so something to think about I so
remember DMN pointing out experience with comparing HD and blu-ray and HD
blowing away blu-ray all right oh you know what was pointed out to me and this
is actually this is our joke of the weekend
would me Kristen and Meg Z were hanging out our joke was that Ken kunaragi needs
oven mitts and a helmet and eats crayons because when asked what will you do if
the blu-ray fails he said I don't understand how can it fail beta exactly
that's the same remember that's brave man even if the beta and that was also
Sony's format too even though the Betamax was technologically a superior
format it still failed against VHS hmm I could I could see Ken going you know what
if the PlayStation 3 does not sell I'll go door-to-door and punch people in the
face you know make them buy it at gunpoint or whatever all right so
quote Junami inconceivable you keep using that word I do not think it means
what you think we need we need some good mails that hate on Nintendo and
Microsoft to be fair no so send some Microsoft and Nintendo hate if you're
feeling it be obvious over the mailbag and orange hundred our listeners I hope
I'm not assuming for all of you mind you but our listeners in general I've seen
more support for Nintendo and followed by Microsoft. I honestly am seeing... Truthfully
I do feel the same way, but I want to hear from the other side. I actually am having
that same warm feeling in my heart for the Wii that the Dreamcast gave me. You know what?
I'll give you some hate news right here. The Wii is not going to have, the third party
Wii titles will not be online at launch. And that's because Nintendo is not giving out
the actual libraries to build online for the third-party titles until 2007 and the theory
is that they're trying to perfect the online with their first-party titles and once they
get that correct then they will, you know, release libraries.
So if you're looking forward to playing some online Red Steel or online, you know, Tony
Hawk or whatever, nope, not gonna happen.
Please don't make the same mistake you made with the GameCube Nintendo, that's all I have
to say.
Please do not make the same mistake.
but I don't think they are but I just kinda
wish they would go online but whatever okay sir
their release in 2007 so at least it's on the horizon
will call him for DS didn't start online and it turned out okay so I'm and you
know what the night I was it
most the systems out there didn't start off online on the only accepted probably
being the 360
to say so though the dreamcast did actually come with
a dial-up modem that's awesome
We paid for the broadband that only worked on Quake 3
All right, yeah, there's other people in this world who need oven mitts and a helmet
If you all would like to email us send us an email to mailbag at orange launch radio comm send a dark soccer your oven mitts
And helmets I do take worship too. All right. Well anyways, there are some interesting news coming out
I remember we talked about it. I think a little bit last week about how
some of the Toys R Us
Stores were actually selling the Xbox Live camera early.
In fact, a few weeks early, because it's not supposed to come out until around the 19th and 20th of September.
Well, some interesting news about that actually.
One of the apparent readers of...
What was it?
Xbox360.qj.net
read the headline on their site, and actually went down to a South Miami, Florida store
and purchased one of the cameras.
And he was speaking to the clerk there and asked them why they were selling it two weeks
early.
And it says, he was told by Microsoft that they're releasing a limited number for selective
sales.
And his assumption was, I can only assume that this was to start Buzz, in other words,
sort of viral campaign to basically get the buzz out there about the brand new camera.
For all those people that play UNO online, they go, OMG I'm starting to see people with
cameras.
Ooh, look, naked people.
Well, anyways, if you are looking for some information about the camera, it is going
to be coming out in two different SKUs.
There's going to be a cheaper one for $39.99, which is the camera, a live headset, in case
you don't have one, a free month of Live Gold and Uno, a card for the full game of Uno.
And supposedly later on they're going to allow a free download for Totem Ball because not
only is it playable through the camera.
Then there's one also for $70.99, or $79.99, and that also includes the camera, the headset,
a full year of Xbox Live Gold, and of course a free month, Uno, the full game, a to be
announced third game for the camera and 200 Microsoft points. So, very interesting.
Huh. Too bad I already bought Uno.
Yeah, same.
Yeah, thanks Microsoft.
They should have just given us Microsoft points.
Yeah, give us Microsoft points instead. Let's buy something else.
Jerks! Well, yeah, the one thing you could have bought would be these new Xbox Live Arcade
games that are being developed. They're tabletop European game favorites that are being ported
over to Xbox Live Arcade. The Settlers of Catan is one game that's coming over to Xbox
Live and forgive me if I'm horribly mispronouncing these, I've never heard of these games before
in my life. Carcassonne is another game that's coming over and Alhambra are some games that
are coming over to Xbox Live Arcade.
Don't they bottle water?
Maybe in this country, but over there it's a board game. So that should be interesting.
Where's Axis and Allies? That's one of those. And Risk.
Imagine online multiplayer risk.
You think Uno is bad? Draw four, bitch!
Or Monopoly. Monopoly would be ridiculous.
Why can't they give us chess? Can you imagine how a hardcore
risk would be online? I just took Russia, bitch!
Or just like some board game collection like Connect Four
or like Battleship. I suck your battleship, bitch!
You have sunk my battleship!
Go back to the start, bitch!
Do not-
Go directly to go, bitch!
Do not collect $200 or I kick your ass!
For great justice.
Or, as Drunami says in chat, I call the thimble, bitch!
He used the thimble?
You gotta fuckin' shoot, bitch!
Uh-uh!
Uh-uh!
It's the puppy!
I use a-
It's on with chutes and ladders, MF-er!
mom alright anyway that by the way the reason why we do that because if you've
ever actually like play it on Xbox live and listen to people like seriously they
trash-talk and everything everything this is why we play with the thing
turned off you need to put out like a strawberry I just feedback on everyone
I'm like you know I don't care this I'll be the test yeah I wish you could type
things in like eBay was fun to play with a plus plus plus would death match again
you know what I want I really want like some multiplayer and Viva pinata I killed
your pinata bitch I mean just like the cute now give me
candy bitch the cutest like fucking game they need to just have an online death
match for and just be hilarious loco broken death match yeah all right
whatever keep it moving well as far as movements and this sort of makes me
think more of bowel movements that Louisiana game law business that we've
been hearing so much about hence the results of bowel movements making me
think of actually it got stopped the unstoppable you know law got stopped
yeah basically Jack Thompson was going around saying the law is constitutional
as it addresses all the complaints raised by federal courts which have
struck down other state video game laws that's what he's quoted as saying um yeah
know you're still a dumbass Jackie poo so uh it was basically shot down by a
federal judge said it was unconstitutional I think that that is
fabulous there's also I remember reading on game politics they're saying that
the video game industry filed for injunction against having it go into into
law while or I should say practice while they're still undergoing the various
appeals and stop wasting our tax money seriously well the the bill sponsor was
saying was basically saying that he hoped testosterone would quote have the
additional adrenaline and testosterone needed in the upcoming cockfight over
the constitutionality of this bill anything that's going to attack our
right to express ourselves or even you know it's still somebody's creative work
and you're trying to censor how they are expressing their work it's still
somebody somebody sat and thought this idea up and you are suppressing this
idea now tell me what's constitutional about that Dark Sakura lay off the
Smackdown hmm interesting well I thought this was kind of funny and when I read
this story I know we joked about this on another show like god damn it I'm not
buying that PlayStation 3 unless you know it cures cancer well they're gonna
be helping the cure cancer at the PlayStation 3 and the way they're doing
that is kind of been like a project that's been going on PC's right now with
the folding at home project basically using distributing power by while your
system is idle you can download a program or whatever and they'll
basically kind of compute I believe this is looking at some of the proteins or
whatever makeup I don't know it's computing something to basically help
cure cancer and they're going to be supposedly expecting to get 100
gigaflops with 10,000 ps3s churning away with this project so that's a lot of
processing power towards a very good cause hopefully I don't actually have to
you know run this no matter what but so is this how they justify the $600 price
tag is that if you buy one of these then you won't get cancer I mean is that they
actually have it is there is now the price tag sounds worth it again you can
guarantee me that. Maybe I can get my insurance to pay for it. I'm sorry, this actually reminds
me way too much of a book I read called, it's actually in the same series as Ring, Ring
Spiral and Loop. This makes me think a lot of loop because they, the premise of that
one is that they were building a society but it got infected like a virus and they're trying
to. Basically, yeah, they're crunching the math of folding proteins that hold the secret
to curing cancer. This is also like that old project study at home. One of the things I
thought was really funny, it was kind of a comment in this article, it says, but mom,
it cures cancer, if you don't buy it for me, granny will die. So I thought that was kind
of funny.
Well, speaking of the Playstation 3, DarkSakura mentioned earlier that the lineup E3 for the
Playstation 3 left a lot of people unimpressed. Well, there's going to be a whole lot more
shown at Tokyo Game Show. Sony's going to up it.
Will they actually have systems?
uh... supposedly they're gonna have more stuff and they're gonna be showing a
whole lot of games
here's some stuff they're gonna be showing armored core four blade storm
haikunen sensu
uh... coded arms assault devil may cry four the eye of judgment fatal inertia
formula one world championship
genji working title
gran turismo
heavily stored
layer working title
mahjong takai four which probably won't come out here we ever got a mahjong game
actually come out in the u.s. we've had a couple of mahjong games
I've never seen one.
Mostly for PC.
Mina no Golf 5, another working title, Mobile Suit Gundam Target in Sight, Motor Storm,
Railfan, Resistance, Fall of Man, Ridge Racer 7, and Warhawk are all going to make appearances
at the Tokyo Game Show.
You know Genji, or not Genji, Mina no Golf actually sounds, it's a very cute, so it means
everybody's golf.
Isn't that just hotshots?
Yeah.
Over there?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Heavenly Sword reminds me of like a female, it's almost like crossing God of War with
Yeah, pretty much. I'm looking forward to Devil May Cry 4.
I need to get my Dante on. If Devil May Cry 4 is made of
awesome and win, will you maybe
find some love for PlayStation 3 in your black heart? Like I said,
a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Yes, ma'am. They need to fix Sonic Adventure, the bastards. Yes, ma'am.
Would you notice it wasn't on the list? Yeah, that's because it's crap.
Alright. Well, look, the fact that a lot of you folks are getting
to go to the Tokyo Game Show and we're not kind of makes us upset actually a
lot of our listeners probably aren't going
well we do have listeners in Japan so you know
if you guys are going to the Tokyo Game Show we're a little jealous that we're
not getting to go
so that makes us a little bit angsty and you know what that means
people die
A big F.U. goes toward the astrological community, and I understand why Pluto was downgraded.
For anyone who doesn't know, I love my geek science so much, and I understand the logic
behind downgrading Pluto status to a dwarf planet you know you know it was
it was like a couple weeks ago that they were about to announce the 10th planet
planet Xena which I I was like I want they nicknamed as in warrior princess
they nicknamed the the it was a larger ice mass that they were going to it was
nicknamed Xena and it's yes it's spelled the same way I was like I want planet Xena
that's cool now I do not get planet zena will the moon be planet Gabrielle it
should be you know Zena and Gabrielle leave it to the astro astronomy
community to name planets after zena warrior princess characters that would
be awesome but but anyway there's a people who are saying oh so stupid you
know what look for you know first of all there was another planet before that
that existed in the 1800s that was actually downgraded to um i believe it was actually
figured out to be a comet instead of a planet it was downgraded in the 1800s we didn't get Pluto
until 1930 when it was just found and then they argued about it then too and then now that it's
Pluto they're saying oh you know what we changed our minds again you know 60 years later 70 years
later you know this news makes Walt Disney roll in this grave some days i feel like Pluto i wonder
going to happen to Sailor Pluto? Is she going to shrink? Because she was really tall. Next
FU please. I have more on this, I have more on this. Well the whole reason being is that
one of the primary things is that the orbit of Pluto is elliptical and not circular in
general like most of the other planets. It actually intersects with Neptune. Which even
when I was a little kid was like, that's weird. So I agree with it, I understand. I just wish
people would just, you know, freaking understand that these new criteria that they have for
judging celestial bodies is actually sort of good and smart and should have been enacted
a long time ago. So, yeah.
Lowkey, I don't care what you all say, the world's flat. Anyways, um.
As flat as your ass.
Thank you. I take that as a compliment. No, anyways, um, so, after you did drivers, because
As I was leaving here yesterday, see, we were supposed to be doing some important work,
um, interviewing a certain somebody, and the somebody decided to quit his company.
Grrr.
But anyways, so as I was leaving here, freaking crazy Asians in a goddamn little, like, Suzuki SUV thing,
one of those mini-SUVs, blew through a goddamn stop sign, just WOOM, you know,
and I honked my horn and they're like,
What happened? I don't know.
So, you know, stupid drivers, I swear to God, they're like trying to kill me out there.
It's just, you know, you need to watch where you're going. I mean, as I mentioned-
Are you ever gonna have a week when you have an F.U. for something other than drivers?
I've had plenty of weeks where I've had things of, you know-
I actually did have an email received that was an F.U. toward Loki's F.U.s.
What the hell are those people? What is their problem?
Why do they get to choose what I'm angry at? I don't understand. That doesn't make
any sense, whatever.
Alright. You know, F.U.s are the damn TV at work.
because I took my TV to work since I don't have a place to put my old TV
I have a sub F.U. to male drivers
as in people with small penises that drive big trucks
like the ones that tried to go past me until he with my faster Lancer got in front of them
and flipped them off hardcore
My F.U. of the week, I don't have a lot I'm not very anxious this week so I suppose my F.U.
of the week would go to Jamie
because you went to Disneyland
I know.
And he didn't take me.
It was Girl Trip.
So?
I will petition next time that Rob gets to come on our next big gay trip.
Thank you. Thank you.
I want smoothies too some days, you know.
Do you really?
No.
By the way, Robway in the chat room.
Yeah, you did give me a smoothie today. Thank you.
Robway in the chat room says,
On the Astronomy, after declaring Pluto not a planet, they voted on Goofy, not a dog.
I thought it was funny.
And not funny.
I got-
I thought it was funny!
I got to hug Goofy!
I meant Goofy's not funny.
Oh.
I got to hug Goofy.
Actually, no, what was funny was Goofy at Goofy's Kitchen.
We went to a character breakfast, teasing Alice about having an affair with the Mad Hatter.
It was funny.
Have you ever played Toontown?
No, I haven't.
Kind of seems like something you'd like.
Anyway, I saw advertisements for that TV. I got my picture with the princesses
back to gaming
Yes back to gaming I know there's some really interesting news from SMK
Yes, there was if people would give me a chance to freak and pull up my thing. Okay, you guys
All right
Today's fake news is host of orange knows radio dark sakura goes crazy and kills her co-host with a tray. Thank you
No, actually she doesn't do that because she was distracted by the pretty princesses. Can we get through tonight's show in like under two hours?
It's a mini show tonight, right? I wasn't sure
Okay, I'm gonna put the pictures up on our forums cuz the Ariel was so pretty
I was like, I wanted to follow her around
Okay
SNK I could walk to Disneyland by the time she gets to her next fucking story, you know, what?
I'm going to take this lollipop that's shaped phallically and shove it up your ass if you
don't get to the next story.
Because the next story is about one of my sleeper favorite games ever, so you really
need to get to it.
Okay, so shut up so I can.
Alright.
I'm shutting up.
Mr. He of Big Mouth.
Let's talk shit about everybody today, oooh.
Okay!
So SNK is coming to Live Arcade and everybody goes YAY!
So guess what's going to be showing up on Xbox Live Arcade since Capcom decided to give
us Street Fighter 2 Hyper Fighting.
We will be getting Garo Densetsu Special aka Fatal Fury Special.
That's badass because I can play, what was his name, Tung-Fu-Ruu on Xbox Live.
That makes me all kind of happy.
I was a Mai player.
Mai is awesome.
Mai is so- Mai frickin' would kick Chun-Li's ass any day.
Seriously?
She'd fuckin' take her out and beat her ass up and then go,
Me bouncy!
When she wins.
No, she says me bouncy.
No, she says me bouncy.
That's what she says.
She just bounces.
Actually, now they're saying that on PS2 they had a non-playable demo of King of Fighters
98 Ultimate Match with a playable demo of Garo Densetsu Battle Archives 2.
also talking about Metal Slug Complete for PSP what I actually even more than
having a Fatal Fury special I really want to see one of the old school KOF
games because okay I'll tell you how hardcore of a KOF fangirl I am we have
we went out and bought King of Fighters 2000 for the Neo Geo as in the cartridge
Neo Geo. Jamie. What? Duck King. Ah! So awesome. Sorry. So what was your, what was your KOF,
what's your major KOF team? I didn't play a lot of King of Fighters. I, I pretty much
quit at Fale Fairy Special. Ah, sad. I played it a couple times. I'm pretty sure whatever
team I was on. My, Leona, and then my alternating ones of either, um, Athena, or Kim Kefwan.
I was gonna say Kim Kefwan, Kim Kefwan actually I would play more than my. I, I guess I love
his moves. He's an awesome fighter. Or Iori with his letter pants. Typical fangirl. Typical
fangirl. You know what? I also used the little boy with the big hat. Alright. Hmm. Well that's
pretty cool. Anyways, I'm sorry I'm getting. Loki found sounds so enthusiastic. Hmm. Little
Oh boy. Sounds like fun.
Listen, okay.
I wasn't really a huge fan of Fatal Theory.
I mean, I think I may have played it once
at, like, a supermarket when they had those, you know,
the Neo Geo with the four games on there.
You know, when I was, you know, bored of Magical Lord
or whatever. But, um.
You mean Magician Lord? By the way.
That's how much I played Neo Geo.
Chatroom brought up World Heroes. That's pretty hot, too.
Exactly.
I played the hell out of World Heroes.
World Heroes Jet.
Special. Brain Age was bestowed with the Edge Award because I guess it's edgy. No just kidding.
It's actually the award is for games that show their willingness to aim higher and try something
new or original. God damn it. Okay I don't know if these people were nominated but it says Brain
Age beat out cult hits like Guitar Hero and Oindon and Amp 3. Dragon Quest VIII, Electroplankton,
Indigo Prophecy, and Killer7. Okay, here's my couple problems here. Ant 3, first of all,
is a sequel to a snowboarding game. I mean, I guess cutscenes were kind of different,
so I guess that would be something, but it's a snowboarding game, come on. And Dragon Quest,
you know, 8? I don't know, was that original of a game? Or whatever. Anyway, so 1, so that's
awesome and you know the comment here made by Nintendo UK general manager
David Yarton is only Nintendo could make arithmetic fun huh well we all know
Konami made dancing fun and DDR supernova had its tracklist revealed
earlier this week and some controversial songs showing up in the game the fan
community has their panties in a bunch that fallout boy is showing up with a
the dance dance in the game but you know some old fan favorites are coming to the
game freckles
which you guys remember from DDR Max and let's see we also have some other songs
of course since you've been gone by Kelly Clarkson was already announced
before
I love this song if you haven't heard this song yet I'm you really should
it's called the other side by Paul Van Dyke featuring Wayne Johnson that's a
really good one
Franz Ferdinand with Do You Want To, full song list is available over at
orangelandtrader.com Jamie get this battle without honor or humanity
which was made popular in Kill Bill, is going to be in DDR.
Isn't that kind of weird? That is pretty awesome. I can imagine the steps to that. That'd be actually pretty cool.
Yeah. UltraMix 4 also had its song list revealed. Very diverse song list, I gotta say.
Let me get the bad news out of the way. There's a Toby Max song in it which
can't...
which makes me go, huh? But otherwise the game does a lot of fan service.
Waka Laka, which fans been demanding forever, It's Raining Men
is in the game as well, some old fan favorites, and some really good contemporary hits as
well showing up in the game.
I know we had Don't Cha by the Pussycat Dolls, a remix showing up there.
We had Free by Blue October, the liberation mix, and Juno Reactor with Masters of the
Universe, Prodigy with No Good, Start the Dance, and Nevaraca.
Real Life did Oblivion, it was the Nevaraca mix.
Stray Cats with Rock This Town.
That's cool.
That is very cool.
And get this, this is so cool.
I know you can appreciate this too, Darsagra.
Dead Man's Party by Oingo Boingo.
Isn't that cool?
I know!
I know!
Jamie has like her mouth wide, like jaw on four.
I know.
What a cool.
Rad.
Ultramix 4 is made of awesome and win, and we'll be playing some of these tracks that
perhaps you have not heard yet.
I can't tell you which ones because then I'd be telling you what's on the viewer, but pretty soon
We're gonna be playing some of these tracks here on orange launch radio live not during the podcast though
See orange launch radio comm for the details. That is pretty cool. Well speaking of other things that are cool
there the cast of family guy has signed up to do voices for a game and
2k actually said that the entire cast was signed to do a game that's based on the series
Um, it's supposed to be out in the fall. And of course since it's Family Guy, it will be based on the series
I'm still given how some of the Simpsons games have looked out
I'm not sure but as it was described is that you'll be able to switch back and forth between three characters, which is Peter Griffin
Stewie and
Brian really cuz I would have thought that you could have switched back and forth between the plot and really obscure pop-culture references
That's our show. I think there's actually more characters than that because I remember seeing a screenshot with oh
God, I'm drawing blanks now. They're fucking neighbor. Yeah, I'm like raised. Yeah, I can't remember racing after the nurses
I think that they're going to be characters you interact with. Well, I'm not sure but yeah, it's freaking sweet
I know it's coming out actually in October, October 18th, so that's actually pretty sweet.
But you know what to be honest though, the game didn't look that good, I mean really
it didn't look that good.
But if that might not be the game for you, you may be a fan of say import games such
like Disgaea, and I mentioned Disgaea 2 was actually coming out this coming week, however
though if you may want something a little bit more portable, well fear not, well if
if you live in Japan at least Disgaea is actually heading to the PSP so you can check that out.
It's actually set to release in Japan on November 30th and they're going to be offering two
packages one for 4,800 yen which will be the standard package and 6,800 yen for a limited
edition version and they haven't really announced yet what's going to be coming out in the limited
version so maybe an import since the PSP is fully region free.
Now it's not uncommon for games to be remade for other systems.
So one other interesting quote that has people buzzing this week regards GameCube games possibly
being remade for the Wii.
Quote from Miyamoto in Nintendo Dream Magazine, quote, I'm also thinking I can remake some
of my GameCube games for Wii, making use of the Wiimote.
Of course you can wander into a secondhand shop and buy a lot of these games still, so
so I don't think we can release these Wii Makes
at a full price.
Since a lot of the development cost
has already been accounted for,
we'd be able to release these
at a much more affordable price.
And if others also take advantage of this
and release Wii Makes, there's a high possibility
of a lot of software from third parties as well.
Can you imagine if it's like, say for example,
I don't know, maybe like release Mario Kart Double Dash
for the Wii, like 10 bucks or something.
Hello, you have a virtual console.
It wouldn't be that hard to get them out there, you know.
Well, the Virtual Console would be a little tough because those games are going to be
quite large on, you know, well granted they're on like mini-DVDs, but still, I mean, that's
pretty large. But still though, if they could release something, you know, say even just
like some of the Luigi's Mansion or something would be perfect for the Wii, maybe something
like that for like, you know, even 1999 would be pretty cool.
Dude, I actually think that game would be pretty cool with the Wii.
I would think they would probably do a sequel to Luigi's Mansion
more like first person or something. Luigi's Mansion 2 the non-sucky version.
Alright, we'll see what happens with that.
Speaking of things that don't suck, DarkSakura likes to surf the web
up and down and back and forth every single week and find a website that she
loves and adores that she wants to share
with you, the listener. We call it DarkSakura's website of the week
and here it is.
Today's website of the week is otterpops.com.
Dude! Alexander the Grape!
I know!
Okay, when I was in middle school in the 80s, we could go by Otter Pops on Friday after P.E.
You realize that pretty much all Otter Pops are is like a double-strength Kool-Aid that's frozen?
I know! It's so good!
with those stupid little characters on them like Alexander the grape and I love
them I know but this is pretty cool because it has music from the otter pop
stars and you can meet the band and fun stuff you can actually get otter pop t
shirts I want to go on an otter pop diet do you think I'd lose weight on another
pop diet actually yes could Sir Isaac lime help me lose a weight keep in mind
I think an otter pop is what a hundred calories for you to get
Your a basic a full two thousand calories. Keep in mind how many otter pops you have to eat ten
That's not that's not hard for me. Well, I think actually one otter pops
I think about a hundred calories. So ten otter pops would be a thousand calories
So you'd eat 20 otter pops to get the two thousand. I'd be on a diet
So I have to restrict myself to like 13, but you'd be getting no nutritional content
So actually your body would would actually poop out the rest of the sugar and start eating your muscles
so you'd be emaciated. Well that's a pleasant thought.
Mmm, emaciation. Is all this explained for me on OtterPops.com?
You'd look like Ally McBeal.
That would be pretty morbid for OtterPops. At least I'd be beautiful.
But I think it's cool because the site's
like fully interactive and you can actually buy OtterPops online and stuff
and it makes fun noises too. I want to have a flat ass like Loki. I need to go on the
OtterPop diet.
whatever I don't have a flat ass
I know that's why I said the earth is as flat as your ass
alright um
but no otter pops especially the blue raspberry
I really don't know how to do a segment and otter pops is all about pudding pops
pudding pops are back pudding pops are
I miss pudding pops look I really don't know how to transition from otter pops to
this so I'm just gonna say it
Final Fantasy 3 came out in Japan and
basically it was sold out within 30 minutes of when shops open for business
there
there were lines early in the morning going around the block
waiting for this game it's a beloved game in the series Final Fantasy 3 so
why are you smiling? It sold out faster than an auto-pop melting in the summer heat
That's a good connection!
Loki just got promoted to head writer ladies and gentlemen
Yes, and now we have to give him a mannequin head and a sharpie.
So there you have it. It's all that fun. Why don't people line up like that here?
Well, I guess they did for Madden 2007, didn't they? Because they're stupid!
And they do that for, like, episode 3.
Yeah! Which is stupid! People line up for all those movies and stuff, but
they don't really have that same crate. Well, I guess there was Xbox 360. That was pretty nutty.
Wait for Halo 3. Oh, Jesus. On September 9th, 1999,
I was in line for a Dreamcast with nine other people. No
They had us wrapped around the outside of the mall Wow, and then let us inside
I will not be waiting for Halo 3 because I'm guessing Halo 3 will probably be one of those titles that we get early in
Which case I will have it four days in advance
We're like all over this old DDR bundle packets when we first got DDR
I ordered mine online from Konami and got it like in five days
hmm
anywho
Something that you might be lining up for well, I guess maybe I don't know
Well blizzard is playing on doing wizard or a world of warcraft expansions every year. So which is kind of nice. I mean kind of
typical for most MMOs out there and
Man, oh definitely the final fantasy 11. So new expansions every year
Awesome. And of course, I remember rumblings of possibly Starcraft 2 dear blizzard
please put pandarins in the next expansion love sky thank you hugs and
kisses I was I almost quit um World of Warcraft I'm about ready to but here's
the thing and you guys need to talk me out of this okay miklotov is trying to
get me back on Final Fantasy 11 no so why shouldn't I go back to Final Fantasy 11
because it looks pretty it really died I kind of miss it some days he's our
universe that's hot that is true over that is true I'm or actually actually
Yeah, the Japanese ones coming out like, very soon, like the 31st, right?
So Jamie's gonna quit World of Warcraft?
Yeah, you know what? Fuck Final Fantasy XI, Fantasy Star Universe for a little while for me.
And Fantasy Star Universe? No cost to you as far as online goes because it's gonna be over live.
Oh, I love you Sega! Yay!
Sega is still our friend.
Oh, Sega. At least I assume it's no cost.
I'm assuming because they have dedicated servers and stuff, I could be wrong, but I'm assuming it's no cost because it's over live and stuff.
Actually, I think I'm going to go back to playing Blue Burst.
Don't hold me to that.
Alright, alright, fine.
I think in the interim I am going to go back to playing Blue Burst.
But, um, yeah, I guess there is the PC version and they're not dedicated server.
Thank you for the, again, because now when Megalotov tries to pressure me to go back
to Final Fantasy XI, I'm just going to say, look, Phantasy Star, look, I can't, I can't.
You'll quit too when Phantasy Star comes out.
We need to go back to PS Opium.
At least for a month.
I can't wait to start the OL Army Guild on Phantasy Star Universe.
That's going to be tons of fun.
fun and if you want to join the O.L. Army on any variety of games it's growing and growing.
It's going to be Saints Row. I'm starting a gang in Saints Row. Yeah Saints Row is going
to be fun as well. And Saints Row is a game that I fucking own at so you know what I can't
with them fighting. Oh you're going to throw down the challenge to Scott and actually play
this time? Fuck that I'll do deathmatches by myself because I can guarantee that I will
be there but I can't guarantee a team match or something. We'll see maybe if we can build
in a while army if we can get fucking it's just it's participation but one-on-one man or even like
in a you know throw down death match type thing i'm there because i've been i've been gearing up
with you know grand theft auto fuck dude if grand theft auto vice city stories on the psp were online
oh oh man i would just kick so much ass all right orange launcher trader.com if you want to uh join
into fun there. Any last minute stories kids? Oh yeah, got lots of fun stuff. One thing
that I was reading here on, it was actually xbox360.qj.net, they were talking about, there
was this story regarding the vision camera and the third packing game that we didn't
know what it was. Apparently, Robotron is the thought here and that comes from actually
Xbox 365 so I guess we'll find out in a couple weeks now here's something very interesting
if you pre-order Ellibits one of the fun little prizes that you're gonna get is a stuffed
Ellibit so a little plushy thing for you and yeah that was pretty much my fun oh oh I wanted
to mention real quick actually I got a few more I forgot Crackdown that game's gonna
be coming out actually November 1st and they've got some pretty cool stuff that they're going
to be offering as downloadable content. One thing that they're talking about is a instant
replay kind of program that will allow you to record your own replays, kind of like a
replay editor and be able to upload them and show them to friends and stuff. So that's
kind of cool and they're also talking about adding actual sections to the map as another
kind of download because they built the game with that kind of stuff in mind. Some other
things if you aren't getting cracked down and you happen to pick up a box of cereal,
Kellogg's is packing some really crappy Xbox mini games that you can check out including
Spaceship Blaster, Motorcycle Madness, Disco Mania, Robo Blast, and Mystic Castle, which I'm sure are worth every cent that you pay for them.
And then the one I wanted to end with here, which I thought was very interesting, UiBol and his boxing matches.
Well, he's picked out the matches now, and they basically have the whole lineup, including
of course Richard Lotax from Something Awful, and Cool News writer Jeff Snyder, horror magazine
Rue Morgue writer Chris Alexander, and a fifth opponent who it says, and this is from GameStop,
GameSpot has reason to believe is a minor.
So Ooey Bowl is beating up children, excellent.
Still a loser.
Now I actually have a couple of stories, it actually, as they applied to our European
listeners, Microsoft actually cut the Xbox 360 core unit to 199 pounds.
So it actually is, that actually was effective as of today, I should say yesterday.
pounds lighter. It's on a diet. So yeah they've dropped the retail price so that it
would sell a little bit better I suppose. Also I believe that I read this right is
that Eurogamer.de has launched. So for our German friends there is a
there's some good info there. They actually have pictures of Silent Hill
Origins up there as well. Unfortunately I can read German but I do not
understand it. I know what an S-Tet is though. The little B thing, it goes...
Alright. But I took German for three weeks and then had to change classes.
Alright, I have one last piece of news and it's actually regarding
Phantasy Star Universe. It's coming from the chat room. John F. is in chat
right now and he's like a guru on Phantasy Star Universe. He's saying about
the pricing. It's unknown right now about the 360. It's rumored that Sega's
trying to work it out with Microsoft right now on the pricing there will be a
monthly payment for the PS2 and Windows version but if you just want to play
story mode and extra mode there's no fee there so just FYI. That was actually how
a PSO was though on Xbox. Right. Until their billing messed up and a lot of
people got their accounts for free.
Very cool. I know actually you cost me 19 Julie. She didn't pay for a PSO for
three years.
Nice.
Nice.
Alright, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
That's going to do it.
Remember, no Part B this week, folks.
It's a mini episode because we're pre-taping.
We will see you back here with a full episode next week, though.
It should be a fun time.
Power Preview will start next week.
It's going to be fun.
Loki, final thought.
I've got to play lots of Saints here this weekend.
My final thought is I need to hurry up and schedule my next Street Fighter 2 match.
I forgot I was in that tournament until like two seconds ago when Arcade came up.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
I've been telling everybody give me money for Christmas so that I can buy a premium
annual pass for Disneyland.
That's what I want for Christmas from everybody.
Alright, we'll see if she gets it.
Till next time.
And reject false icons.
Till next time.
Thank you guys so much for downloading us and tuning in to us.
We really appreciate you guys listening to us and supporting independent radio.
You guys are awesome.
Stay great throughout the week and we'll see you next week here on Orange Launch Radio.
See you next week.
