Oculus dev kits come out, kick starting the modern VR movement. Facebook buys Oculus.
Oculus requires a Facebook login, but that's okay because everybody has a Facebook account.
You can't play Oculus games if Facebook is down, but that's okay because that will never
happen, nor will people ever have local problems that makes Facebook unreachable. The Oculus
Quest is going to be renamed the Meta Quest and now there's a problem.
This is my old man YelsicloudUpdate, now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers
and Loki to tell you actual details about this headline and the rest of the week's gaming
news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode
number 901 of our show for tonight, January the 30th of 2022. I cannot believe the first
month of the year is almost over and I feel like I've done nothing with this year. But I've done
these shows week in and week out with my co-host, so say hello first off. I'm Rob Roberts and say
hello to my co-host over there, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup.
Hi, how are you?
I am okay for not a lot of sleep. I'm remarkably perky.
Good, good. I'm glad you're doing well.
Remarkably perky for me.
You and I were talking about animated emotes on Twitch in chat a minute ago. Yeah,
a lot of streamers are getting access to that now and I didn't even realize
Twitch had built in their own animated thing.
I've actually had slots for five animated emotes for like the last four months.
I think I just finally got around to doing something with it.
But I took my boop pig emote and I animated it.
Yeah, I see it in our chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network,
twitch.tv slash v o g network. And yes, I see all sorts of emotes in chat.
I see this cute little dog pounding thing that you guys from losing color.
And I need to see about if I had the money, I would absolutely commission Kabuchi.
Yeah, who is absolutely amazing.
But as it is, I'm poor and I have to figure out how to do this on my own.
And usually the very talented ones have a list a mile long because word gets out that they're
talented. And so you got to wait, right? So Kabuchi charges, but the work is worth the money.
Of course, if I had if I had it, I would pay it. I don't have it. So I have to contend with my own
little crazy pixelated. You know, boop on the nose, same, same for me, public, public access,
public domain vector art and snag it together. I know I've done some to myself, but, you know,
I have to I have to really kind of it's a hodgepodge. I might as well use MS Paint,
that's for sure. I don't know what he's made in MS Paint lately, but say hello to tech master Loki.
Yeah, it's all I'm all smeary today, apparently.
What were you painting?
No, no, no, it's just my camera's all fuzzy for some reason. I was trying to figure out why.
I know this is gonna sound silly, but turn it off and on again. No, seriously, because I have a
weird problem with Discord. So I do the call with Bobby Blackwolf. And for some reason on, you know,
because he has the show and I do the call, like the little tease call on the at the end of his
show. And for some reason, Discord forces my camera into the lowest resolution. I don't know
why. And so to get it to work, I have to like stop it in OBS and then start it again, which is so
weird. But it is what it is. I don't know why that is. So
but it just picked the perfect scene. It's like even more blurry.
It just got fuzzier. Yeah. So who cares? It's fine. Well, I'm sick, so that's fun.
Oh, no, it's not the it's not the core. It's not the big one, is it?
Do you use your government tests?
I will. Our ones from school. But yes, yes, these are tests. And OK, it's not that it's just it's
another fun, you know, sore throat fever virus. Sinus infection?
I don't know, but it's fun. Everything's going around, not just the big one,
but everything is going. I had I had a scare on the big sea after the last episode of our.
I found out, you know, how I did that Twin Peaks event. Well, sure enough, one of the actresses
from the show posted to her Instagram that she was sick with. You know what? And I was like,
this this is how I get covid. This is, you know, that would be a fun story.
At least Palmer gives. Well, it was it was the other one. I'm not trying to name names.
I'm not trying to name names or shame anyone. That's why I'm not being as specific. You know,
you stealth folks can figure it out. But, you know, I'm sorry to hear that she got it.
But you're right. It would have been not not that catching covid is funny at all,
because many people have died from it. However, let's look at the fact that, yes, it would have
made for a very interesting party story five, five years from now. And I'm vaccinated, boosted.
So, you know, if I had gone through a week of hell, then, you know, I at least I would be OK.
But but it turns out I use I use my government tests to find out that I actually know it was
my Wario 64 tests because, you know, Wario 64, the person on Twitter that posts all the video
game deals and sales and things like that. Well, out of the blue one day where, you know,
this is how this is how that person makes money, affiliate links to all the Amazon things that
they're posting about and every all those websites that they are. Y'all are giving Wario a ton of
money, but it's fine. I mean, some would say they're doing a public service, never in the
money. Well, out of the blue, Wario posts a link to Amazon. Hey, Amazon has the covid test in stock.
Get them now. And it was one of those odd moments where it's like, OK, the dude who
gives me links to sales on video games ends up being the one to finally let me find a covid test.
And sure enough, I got my Wario 64 covid test. So that was one of the ones I took when I found out
not Laura Palmer exposed me to covid and I was negative. Thank you very much. But I was like,
oh, no, I have a sore throat. Is this it? But I got a bunch of tests from work and they actually
before you can go in the building if you're not like they have you test once a week if you're
vaccinated and if you're not, you have to test every day before you can come into the office.
So because I'm not an onsite technically employee right now, they made me take a rapid test. It's
the first time I've done one of them. And like it came my results came through like right away,
but like you got to be 15 minutes like fine. And of course, it was negative. And I got to go in
and see some of my coworkers and and say hi and get the good coffee that they have at work. Oh,
my God, I miss the work coffee so much. Not like the coffee machines that they, you know,
grind it and brew it, you know, all of that there. But like we have like a coffee cart thing. And
oh, so good. You know what else is only good from carts? Churros, just saying.
Or in the fashion district in Los Angeles. I don't I don't know if it's the gamer in me or
what, but I actually thought the at home covid test was kind of fun. It was like a little at
home chemistry kit. It's like, you know, let's put six drops in here, put this thing in here.
Oh, you got to follow the IQ instructions. OK, I was like, oh, this is kind of fun.
Actually, Rob, what you now know kind of what it's like to do a pregnancy test.
There was I haven't taken one before for fun. I'm just kidding. But yes, I'm sure they're similar.
Except, you know, it's up your nose instead of pee.
All right. I'm going to chat over at Twitch dot TV slash Vogue Network.
Did your mom says Wario 64 is the reason why I have a ton of video games.
Graduation, Rob, your nose is pregnant. No, not pregnant.
Let's see. Jaskarine says, what? I love Rob's Olar shirt. Thank you.
Unfortunately, these were only available for a limited time
because we had the store on an old Web site and we no longer use that Web site.
So that just says we've got to get a new store up and running. So I'm sorry. I've
personally been very distracted with my big move coming up, so it hasn't really been a priority.
But we've got to make that happen because Jaskarine wants a shirt. And I'm sure there's
more people out there. And for those on the podcast feed, I'm wearing an orange,
but well, dark soccer design this. It's Orange Lodge Radio, but it's in like a Sega style font,
inspired font, let's say. And it looks like you. I like it.
For the record, I do have all of my original designs and just make an account and I'll
get you the stuff. We've got to open up a store front and throw it all up there. We'll get to
that. I have my own store and it has been. It's really, really easy to do stuff on it.
Nice. Let's see other comments and chat here. Bobby Blackwell says my favorite thing is that
nobody knows who Oreo 64 actually is in terms of is it one person or is it multiple people?
It reminds me of Sushi X from back in the day. No, nobody. I mean, we know now, but we didn't
know then, you know, back in that for those old time gamers like me who used to get excited about
a new month of Electronic Gaming Monthly magazine available in stores. You get all excited about
those and you never knew who Sushi X was, but we found out years later it was a variety of
different people, if I'm not mistaken. It's kind of a mantle that was passed along, if I recall
correctly. So anyway, let's get into some more gaming and get into our kickoff topic tonight.
I hate that we're here. We go again with another NFT story. It's just like, God, it just won't
stop. But the reason why we keep bringing it up is because the industry keeps bringing it up
and people ask the industry people about it. And that's exactly what's going on this week.
Loki, I don't know if you would would mind taking us away tonight with this
and our latest update from executives versus the rest of us on NFTs.
Because every time that an executive said, no, listen, you just don't understand
why this is important. You just don't you just don't get it. That's always worked out for them
all the time. Like, I mean, just ask Microsoft how the original Xbox One launch or pitch was going.
So because people don't like NFTs and there's been a lot of backlash that they had made some
comments regarding it, basically saying that I think gamers don't get what a digital secondary
market can bring them for now, because the current situation of context of NFTs, gamers really
believe it's destroying the planet. And second, a tool for just speculation. But what we at Ubisoft
are seeing is the first or team first is the end game. The end game is about giving players
opportunity to resell their items once they're finished with them or they're finished playing
the game itself. Now, way to like totally not address anybody's concerns on that. It's like,
I don't I still don't understand with like the block chain stuff like I get
with these digits you're talking about. They're just items with numbers on them,
which is no big deal. But. Diem is managing a whole host of digital items without block chain,
like why do we need to incorporate block chain technology into this?
If you want to talk about speculative market, I mean, all that stuff that's on their digital
marketplace is pretty much speculative. I just think it's stupid. And it's also just like.
Why I like what's the point like. I just won't buy it like I won't play your stupid game like
I don't get the point. And even still, like on top of that, like,
let's say that, you know, there's an item that you can sell.
Does it mean you're going to have a buyer for that item? Like, that's the thing is
they're talking about like, oh, yeah, you can you can sell it later. Well, like,
what if no one wants to buy that piece of garbage? Exactly. That'd be like saying, you know,
hey, guess what? You can sell your old like Madden players, you know, for Madden 05 or something like
that. It's like, yeah, but no one plays that anymore. You know, that's the thing is people
move on. So. I think it's just a big waste. I think it's just if there anything, the reason
why they want to do this and they really could, like I said, do this without NFTs is they want
a piece of that transaction cost for processing the transaction for the buying in the selling of
whatever digital item it is they want to double, triple, quadruple dip on this stuff.
But like I said, team does this already with their digital items that they have on their
storefront. And they're like, not even things you can technically use for us. Sometimes it's
like training cards or a picture of a pickle or something like that. It literally has no utility,
but people are being speculative with it and they still take a cut of that on the marketplace. Like
you can do that without NFT. The NFT stuff, all that does is allows it to occur outside
the platform, which is really completely unnecessary. That's one of the other things
I'm not understanding about NFTs is that so many of them I've seen are so damn ugly.
I'm like, who, who wants that now? A lot of that stuff is procedurally generated,
especially like those, the Board Ape Yacht Club. I don't know what the hell it's called.
Sorry. I know Jamie wanted to jump in, but I just wanted to say really quick,
like there's a very popular, I'm just going to say, I'm not going to say who they are
because I'm not giving them free advertising because this company advertises on every podcast
except ours, but it is a very popular site to buy underwear. And I recently actually used this site
and I will say it's expensive as fuck, but it's actually probably some of the best underwear I've
had actually, but they posted on this NFT bandwagon thing. And it's one of those like
ugly ass monkeys that I don't understand. And so many people are like canceling my sub,
done with you, done with this. And I'm like, what this, this website, as far as I know,
had a really good thing going. Why are they throwing it away for a stupid monkey?
That an ugly monkey piece of art. I don't understand. I especially don't understand how an
underwear company gets into NFTs, but I mean, that's, I know I'm getting away from video games,
but it's just money that you can burn and like, look at we're current.
But it just screams to me. It's an investor thing that somebody sat those people down in a room and
said, this is cool. This is where it's going. Anyway. I'm sorry, dark soccer. I know you're
trying to jump in. I was just saying maybe, maybe I should make an NFT that says dark soccer. I made
this NFT. Give me a dollar. No, don't, don't buy into it. Don't just don't. But I know,
but it would be fun to like make a parody and use their tactics to prove how stupid their tactics
are. Um, Bobby Black, I've made exactly a dollar. Bobby Black open chat says the best analogy is
that old buy a star campaign that was around as a kid. People would buy a name, a star after a
family member, that star was now yours. You got a certificate that company went under no one else
recognizes that you own the star or that you named the star. Exactly. You can buy it by a
title. You could be a lot, a Lord or a lady. Uh, it's just, and, and with no actual landowning
rights. The interesting thing that's happened for me in the past week is that I've seen people
that I consider to be intelligent people making pro NFT arguments and trying to actually state
what the reasons are for this. Um, I'm not convinced, but I thought because, well,
here was the argument that I saw where at least it, at least it wasn't somebody just screaming at
somebody on Twitter. You're an idiot. You don't understand. You're missing out. You're missing.
At least I saw somebody say something that was like an actual thought that was a thought. I just,
I disagree with the conclusion, but the conclusion was essentially like, well,
you buy things in marketplaces all the time in games and essentially the marketplace owns those.
Well, what if you could go to a decentralized place where those things were owned? I want
to point out, cause I know somebody already typing in chat. I know the Ubisoft thing. Yes,
Ubisoft still has it. The comment I read was not in response to this Ubisoft thing.
And that was the argument. But to me there, I have two problems with that. Number one,
it still doesn't show that those items have any value, especially in video gaming.
I think we've seen that there is so much supply and not enough demand. Anytime these things get
opened up, especially like the Diablo three real money auction houses is because all of these bots
from countries around the world will get in and try to try to screw over Americans and other
global people that will get this. And the surprise was very, very few people were buying. And my
other, sorry, just real quickly, my other point with to, to kind of counter the, you know what,
otherwise, you know, I consider this person to be intelligent. I'm glad they're actually
having a real debate about it, but, um, the whole, um, fact that, um, uh, even if it's decentralized
to me, that actually opens it up to exploitation. How much have we heard about that? Bitcoin's
getting stolen. Crypto is, is like a big on the, uh, on the dark sides of the web and all this
stuff. Like it's, it's, uh, it's a wild West and in some ways I'm actually like, maybe
decentralization actually isn't good for some of these things. Anyway, Loki, I'm sorry, your point.
No, I was just basically going to say that I don't think we're going to have necessarily a problem
with bots snatching these up. However, um, it does allow the opportunity to make some of the
digital artificially scarce to drive up the price. Um, it's also just a big waste of the time. Like
once again, like we have cosmetics for video games have gotten to a point where they are
ridiculously expensive for certain things like a whole skin, you know, might be $20 to change
it to like blue or something. And now you're talking about, Oh, Hey, let's drive that price
up even more. Like, I just don't care. Like, I don't think that it would, it would make sense.
The only way that this would actually work is like, say you had some unified platform where,
you know, I can create a skin for some avatar and be able to use it across like a bunch of
different games from a bunch of different publishers, you know, um, or I, you know,
another good example would be like, say if you know, Sony were to sell all of their digital games,
like an NFT. So if it could create a secondary market for the digital games that you could go
and then resell that later on when you're done playing that game, that would be something,
but they're not going to do that because that devalues their stuff and they want,
you know, to drive the price up. I just, I just don't see this being done in a meaningful way.
And so far what we've seen these game companies use NFTs for is not a meaningful thing. Like,
yeah. Ooh, it's a helmet with a number on it. Are you ever going to be able to see that number on
that helmet when you're running around shooting people? No, you're not going to stop there and
go, wow, you have a number one helmet. No one cares. No one is going to care.
You, you, I think a part of what you said really hits the nail on the head.
Like, is that this is not the way to convince people to get NFTs ugly ass fucking procedurally
generated monkey art is not the way to convince people stealing other people's art, not the way
to convince people that NFTs are yet. Now, when you talk about these types of things that like,
if I make a design, like maybe something that is like, let's say, let's say, I don't know,
like the VOG logo or something that, you know, we, we, you know, have here at VOG and maybe we
can take that and put it on in game stuff and we can move that from game to game and things like
that. Like there's something there where I'm like, that seems a little more interesting, but I just
like, I don't feel that you necessarily need the blockchain's involvement for that. It just takes
the right strategic partnerships with companies to make that happen. And then it would actually
be regulated, which I actually think at the end of the day is probably a good thing.
Yeah. And a lot of times with NFTs now, nowadays, it's just, you own the link to that piece of art,
which they can just take it offline too. And that's happened. So it's, it's, it's stupid.
Jason in chat says, by the way, great voiceover work tonight, Jason says a value is subcultural
niche. NFTs being hype is trying to astroturf that into the mainstream for various reasons.
Oh, astroturf it. I love that. Two highly valuable things in Rocket League that mean
nothing to a non-player, white zombas and alpha boost. A lot of the problem is the mainstream
nature of it more than the thing itself. Well, let's go, let's go back to the comment. And,
and this is the other thing that gets me is these executives that are fucking clueless,
that I get paid millions of dollars to be fucking morons that just dig their heels in on this stuff
and to, to make a claim like, you know, oh, gamers just don't want NFTs cause they don't
get it. Yeah. We don't get why you keep shoving it down our throat. Like stop, you know, let it
be the niche thing that it is. Is I, I, I, how these folks stay. And of course it's coming from
Ubisoft, a company that's got all of that's all sorts of issues up and down anyway. So
Ubisoft's getting bought by someone for the years over. Just wait, just wait. All right. Let's move
on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games we've been playing this week. Dark
Sakura, we'll start with you. How was your gaming week? Um, well, as I was saying, um, before the
show, I, and I mentioned this last week that I had been redoing my windows 11 on, on, uh,
for arm on parallels. Um, I got Mass Effect installed. I tried to run the first game.
No, it just would stop. It would go right back to the launcher. So on a whim I tried Mass Effect 2,
it loaded just fine. So did Mass Effect 3. So I had to go haul my ass to find a gibbed editor that
will work. So I'm going to start a game for Mass Effect 2, then cancel out of the game, modify my
save file. Um, and then I can start Mass Effect 2 the way I want to. Um, but I, I don't know what
it is, but I think the emulation is getting a lot better. Um, it's, I, I still had trouble with VHS,
which I might do the next update and try VHS again. So we'll see. But, um, a, a mutual streamer
friend of ours, uh, made use of my VHS and did not care for it that much. Hmm. So, um, anyway,
um, I, of course I have played Dead by Daylight right now as the lunar event, lunar new year event.
Um, if you log in every day, you get 50,000 blood points every day, which is nice. Um,
I have decided to also, uh, try to P350 my Freddy first out of, out of just pure,
I don't know, reasons. I don't know why people don't like Freddy. Freddy's awesome.
They don't like playing against Freddy. That's what it is.
And the thing is like, people are like, oh, Freddy got, Freddy's still freaking strong,
no matter how much they have nerfed him, a good Freddy player will nail you. End of story. Um,
I have also played a little bit of demons tilt because that game is fun. I picked up the Apple
arcade version of Zen pinball. Um, cause it has theater of magic and a few other tables that I
like on it. And I own a theater of magic, but I would like to stream a theater of magic as well.
So now I can do both. Um, uh, I played, uh, of course I've had, you know, freaking word scapes
cause it's great. And I started playing, um, uh, Marvel contest of champions on my iPhone
and I don't know, but it's kind of fun. It's just like a little silly fighting game.
And one of these days I'll get like characters. I actually like, even though they're random
and I think that's about it. All right. Yeah. We'll go to Loki and your gaming week.
Um, I did play more than one thing this week, so, um, I, I was feeling pretty brain dead
earlier today, so I jumped back into, um, power washing simulator. Oh, good. That's always a nice
relaxing game. Yeah. Yeah. A little too much though. It actually almost put me asleep. So I,
uh, I had to stop playing it after a while, but, uh, I was washing a carousel. So that's
the level I was on for that. Um, and then of course more Minecraft, obviously. Um,
I put out my new episode this morning, so that's out there now. My, uh, starter base,
which is enormous. So now I got to top that. That's going to be a lot of blandy. Um,
yeah, it's pretty much that was pretty much it. I didn't play a whole ton this week. Cause like
I said, I haven't been feeling well the last few days. Um, but probably more Minecraft this week.
Hey, at least you got a video posted. You keep keeping that going. That's good.
So yeah. Everyone check that out on YouTube at Loki. Um, so my gaming week, I actually played
a lot this week. Um, yeah, I played some of my usuals, uh, continued on final fantasy 14,
of course. Cause you know, y'all know, I love that working on leveling my dancer and my white
mage, just depending on what I feel like playing that day as I, I work on my new quest to get all
my jobs to 90, uh, to go with this expansion. Cause why not? Uh, and then I've also been playing
dead by daylight as well. Probably not as much as dark soccer, but a little bit. Uh, I'm working,
I'm actually my first P three 50 is going to probably be Cheryl. Um, cause she's already
the P three part. And now I think she's up to like level 46 and you get a decent amount of blood
points from this event. So, um, the only thing that ticks me off is I can't get borrowed time
to show up on her fucking blood web. And that is when you solo queue, that talent is so needed.
It wasn't, it was on there not long ago. No, no, no. I I'm not trying to seek her. So I mean like
showing up in your blood web to get it. I can't get it. So it's just, you know what the new thing
is right now, right? Hmm. What's that? Like flip flop. Oh, boil over in that whole thing. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm like, all I've just been doing is bringing when I'm not doing the, the calendar,
the lunar, uh, envelopes, I'm just bringing whatever shortens the distance between, uh,
uh, hooks. You gotta be careful too. A lot of killers will just let you bleed out. If
you're going to play that game to just mess with killers. So, Oh no, I'm just saying in general,
to the, to the millions of listeners we have out there. It's all been slugfest and honestly,
I don't like to do that to people. Um, unless they've just been, I don't either, but I will.
Yeah, I'll do it. Yeah. Yeah. Um, other games I've been playing, um, uh, let's see. So, uh,
some new stuff. I played Taiko no Tatsujin because that, that just came out. A new version of it came
out on a, I guess it was PC as well as Xbox, but I picked it up on Xbox game pass. Um, and, uh,
I was playing a little bit of it and it's got a, it's got a cute song list. Uh, it has Undertale
music in it, which kind of cracked me up. Uh, it has like a variety of different Namco stuff,
but then like it has the random like Capcom song. Like there was, you know,
Ray you from street fighter five is there. And this was the thing that cracked me the fuck up.
Then they have, you know, they have some J-pop songs. They have some, uh, vocaloid,
like Hatsune Miku sounding songs. They have a pretty decent mix of things. And then they have
pop songs. The most random fucking pop songs are in there. I want you back by the Jackson five.
That's not that, that, that obscure. That's a pop standard. Here's the one that made me laugh.
You're going to lose Whamageddon every time you play this game because last Christmas by Wham
is in the game. Why? I don't know. I don't know, but it's fucking funny. Yeah. It's,
it's very memeable. I don't mind the Whamageddon. I mind the Mariah apocalypse.
Well, Mariah, Mariah, uh, Taiko no Tatujin is Mariah free, but for whatever reason last
Christmas by Wham is there. And that just cracked me the fuck up. So yeah, it's an interesting song
list. Uh, I was having a little problem. Like the timing was throwing me and I didn't even,
I was listening to Bobby show. He went a little more in depth, uh, on Taiko no Tatujin. Cause I
guess it has more issues on PC. Like it won't even play right now. Um, but I, I didn't even
know you could go into a calibration mode. I don't like the interface particularly.
I do remember playing the switch version and the switch one had a better interface than this one.
Um, but this one is with game pass, so I didn't pay anything extra for it.
So that was cool. And it has super easy, uh, achievements. You keep getting five point
achievements, bing, bing, bing, bing, like, like open a menu and you get an achievement.
It's really, really silly. That's for sure. So, um, interesting. Hi Akuma JP is in our chat and
I haven't seen Akuma JP in a long time. It's so good to see you. Um, I know life happens sometimes
you can't make it every week, but it's so good to see you tonight. And Akuma JP says,
Japanese love that song last Christmas. A lot of, a lot of Americans do too, but I think it's become
a me like to put it in perspective, you cannot go into a Dennis office in November or December and
not hear that song. Cause you know, Dennis office always play that smooth rock. It's time for the
smooth mix and now coming up, Kenny G followed by Celine Dion. You know, you know what though?
What I am now going to incorporate last Christmas when I eat my KFC
for Christmas, you should, you should, because I think that the KFC tradition from Japan is the
best tradition ever. Only second to the Jewish tradition of eating Chinese food.
Uh, yes. Uh, both good traditions, but if you want to make playing last Christmas and Taiko
no Tatsujin your new tradition, you sure can. So I played a little bit of that. It's, it's cute,
but I, I didn't play a lot of it because the next day was the release of Pokemon legends,
which I picked up, um, Pokemon that I've been saying Pokemon legends are chaos,
but I guess it's supposed to be Arceus or Arceus. Um, but, um, you know what language is fluid and
I'm saying Arceus because that's what it feels like. You know what these games don't have,
it's 2022 and these games still don't have voice acting. So as far as I'm concerned,
they're leaving it up to us and our imaginations to dream it up. I have to, I would have to look at,
uh, uh, Kana to see how it's supposed to be pronounced there. And that's where they're
getting the Arceus from is, is the original Japanese text. Well, and on top of that,
a C in that respect would typically be a soft C. So it makes sense to me. Yeah. But then again,
people, you know, don't say GIF. I know they say GIF because then the creator, right? So yeah.
So he's a nice, I say it's a GIF, GIF thing. And I also say it really doesn't matter what you call
the game. Um, it's gonna be the same game at the end of the day. And it's, it's actually,
I'm really enjoying it. I'm really, I wasn't expecting to enjoy it, but I did the right thing
and I didn't buy into a lot of the hype. And I find when I do this with games, I always enjoy
it better because that was my secret with No Man's Sky. Remember I, I didn't, I didn't hate No Man's
Sky 1.0. I thought it was a little bare bones, but I didn't hate it because I didn't buy into
the fucking hype. And I did that. And believe me, Shane, Shane would send me text messages quite
frequently with the latest and I would be kind of like, oh, neat, sounds neat, but I didn't really
watch a lot of videos or anything. And I think I'm actually better for it because it made the
experience a lot more like, oh, oh, oh, oh, I wasn't expecting, oh, oh. And that was kind of
like what it's been playing the game so far. Uh, is, uh, it's, it's neat. So yes, a lot of people
are saying that this is like Pokemon meets Breath of the Wild. And I, I absolutely see those
comparisons because they've definitely put in like the crafting, the open world, the multiple
ways to do things. Uh, even some of the, uh, musical cues sound really familiar. And like the,
the interface looks kind of familiar a little bit. I would also say that there's a lot in common
with Pokemon Snap, uh, which is a little more of a deeper cut, I think for some people. But
I think the way that you are encouraged to like the stealth in this game is actually a little
more Pokemon Snap to me, um, in that you have to snap things a certain timing in a certain way,
uh, to really get the max points. And I think there's some of that too in this. Um, but I also
like that they've really changed the concept of the Pokedex because usually with the Pokedex and
the mainline games, you get like half a check for seeing the Pokemon and a full check for catching
the Pokemon. In this game, catch them all isn't good enough. You got to catch them all. You got
to catch them all off guard. You got to use them all to see certain moves. You got to, you got to
do all these different things with it to really master that entry in your Pokedex. Now you only
have to get so many, like you don't have to like catch 50 of each Pokemon just to check off the
Dex entry. It gives it to you at a pretty low number, but you have to do more than just catch
it. And I think that's interesting because it's really been encouraging me to rotate my team more
often. Um, so yeah, there's a lot, like I just, I think the gameplay is a lot more interesting
than any of the mainline Pokemon games that I've played. I like the fact that there's side quests.
I like how the open world lends itself to that. And the fact that you can really feel like you
can do things in whatever order. And maybe you feel like you're a little behind in levels on
the main quest. Okay, go do these side quests. You know what? I need to go grind some of these things
so I can craft more Pokeballs. I like that. Like, I like that it's a little bit like you don't feel
like you haven't done anything if you spend an hour just catching more Bidoofs and getting
material needed for Pokeballs because you still have, you're going to need those Pokeballs later.
And you know what? You're going to have that full entry on Bidoof and your Poke decks.
So, um, I think that's, I think that's all really neat. I don't think the game is perfect. I'm
going to say, this is my biggest complaint about the game. It feels like a PlayStation 3 RPG.
This like, and I think that's what frustrates people time and time again with Nintendo and
especially Game Freak. Like you think Nintendo's, I mean, at least Breath of the Wild
felt very cutting edge. Game Freak is always really behind in their technological skills
and all this. Um, it just feels like you're playing something on the PlayStation 3. Now,
a good game is a good game, no matter what the graphics are. So does that really matter at the
end of the day? Not really, but it is still frustrating to see that potential. And when
you see those comments on Twitter from people that are like, Sony should buy Nintendo. So
Nintendo has to make PlayStation 5 games. That's where those comments come from.
Is the frustration on the PlayStation 5. I mean, that's, that is very true. Um,
is that you just, you see the potential for more with like, like I just said at the beginning,
it's 20, nobody knows how Arceus, Arceus, Arceus is pronounced. Well, I mean, you all have your
arguments, which is fine, but we don't really know because there's still no voice acting in
these games. And to be quite frankly, a lot of the text and everything feels a little bit like
a slog in the beginning of the game. But once you finally get into it, it is really rewarding. And
to be fair, and I think it's important to say, Pokemon Legends will still run in handheld mode.
And a lot of people are running it in handheld mode and for a handheld game,
it does look really good. So there is that. And if you are going to be playing exclusively in
handheld mode, then probably my PlayStation 3 comment isn't gonna, isn't gonna make a
lick of difference to you. But yeah, it is frustrating to see that potential really
lagging behind. Especially when you have games like Xenoblade Chronicles looking the way it
does on the same hardware. It's like, you could probably do a little better if you put a difference
to do behind it. But Game Freak gonna Game Freak. Chad Stars again chat says, no, we know how it's
pronounced. Sure. We know how Jiff is pronounced, but we all rejected that and said, no, it's GIF.
I mean, you know, it's, people are going to do what they're going to do. Language evolves.
Let's see. Jason in chat says, I've been thinking about buying Arceus thinking it might be the game
that gets me back into the series after I, after I tired, I'm tired of the mainline mechanics.
I would really, you know, not to, not to promote my own stream, but I would encourage you to check
out some YouTubes and streamers that are playing the game just to get a feel if it might be for you.
Because just reading your comment, if you're sick of the mainline mechanics,
this is a different game. Now, yes, you do do battling in this game, and it's actually kind
of hard. Like you can't really steamroll Pokemon just because you have a type advantage. They can
still do a decent amount of damage to you, and you'll feel like you're burning through potions.
But in a way, I feel like that feels a little more rewarding for having crafted those potions
in the first place than just my usual hoarder tendencies in a Pokemon game to just run right
back to a Poke Center and never have to touch a potion, except unless I'm in a gym battle or
something like that. So there is that as well. So. SSG100Matt in chat says, I don't give Nintendo
a hard time because they make these games fun. Nintendo had the biggest selling game last year,
Animal Crossing. That is not a big graphically demanding game and no real voice acting. Yeah,
fair point. And I didn't say, you know, again, I really like this game. It probably. I mean,
ask me after I've spent a few more hours in it. It's probably honestly probably going to be my
favorite Pokemon game. I feel like it's that much better than like even the mainline games and all
that. But let's say give me a few more hours just to really make sure on that point. But I'm not
I'm not saying I don't get frustrated that there's that potential to be even better
that is unrealized. But I guess this is the first in a series and hopefully the first in a series.
I don't after the critical reception this game's getting and I would imagine the sales have been
pretty good to just based on my social media. I don't see how they don't think about having
to do a follow up in one way or another to this series. Loki, you're going to say something?
Oh, no, I was going to say, yeah, even though the Animal Crossing was the best selling game,
and it has a simpler art style, doesn't mean that they didn't execute their art style flawlessly. I
mean, I think that there could have been a lot that they could have done to make that game look
better. It does look pretty rough around the edges. Not to say it's a bad playing game,
but it's like, and they kind of could have done a little bit more with this.
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says I was speaking towards the internet trolls who think that
Nintendo needs 4K gaming with all the P's. Well, it wouldn't hurt. And there is a part of me that
kind of wonders, was this game originally being made for a 4K switch and maybe we're seeing a
scaled down version of the graphical power? I hope not, because I would look terrible in 4K.
But what if we're not seeing the fully realized version? Because, I don't know.
Just a thought. Anyway, because even if you're into those art assets in the
low resolution, that still isn't changed how they have every the models and stuff in the game. It's
just, no, like, really, to me, what stands out is really cheaply done is the environments. The
environments to me look like, you know, it looks like stuff I would come up with in Unity, because
I have no experience in making environments that look organic. It would be the stuff I'd come up
with, unfortunately. And that's not a compliment. I think they could have done better. It just looks
old. It looks dated. Shad Starsick in chat says this is considered mainline and not spinoff,
so it could easily get another entry. Good. However, y'all want to spin it with a different
series of things. I think that this definitely deserves another entry. I would far rather see
another game in this series than in the Let's Go series, which I would imagine at this point is
probably done. And I can also say I've already put more hours into this, Pokemon Legends, than I did
Brilliant Diamond Shining Pearl. That one kind of wore off after, like, just a few hours. I think I
got maybe to the second gym and I was already over it. And maybe I'll go back at some point,
maybe when they put in the home integration or something, but as of right now, I don't even care
about that anymore. I just want to play Pokemon Legends when it comes to that. So. Fifth Dream
in chat says, everyone, I love Breath of the Wild. Everyone. PLA, Pokemon Legends Arceus,
looks like Breath of the Wild. Everyone. PLA looks like shit. I get that line of thinking,
but I'm going to be very clear. Breath of the Wild is a far better looking game than this.
But that's not to say this is bad. It's just, it's PlayStation 3 good. It's not really pushing
the envelope graphically or anything like that. So, and Breath of the Wild was a better looking
game. But this has, this has that sort of style to it. And again, I think we're having a lot of
arguments and stuff about the things that are wrong with it. There's a lot that's really right
with it. I really like that there's multiple ways to catch Pokemon. You want to battle them the more
traditional way, wear them down. Great. You want to stealth and bonk them in the back of the head
with a Poke Ball and catch them that way. Great. Like, I like that there's different ways to do
things. You can use items, and that's very reminiscent of Breath of the Wild too, to,
like, distract Pokemon, like start a fire over here, not really in Pokemon, but you throw a
smoke bomb or something, distract the Pokemon and then, you know, do it that way. I like that
there's many different ways to approach a problem. And I think that's kind of cool. So there's a lot
of, there's a lot of great things about the game. And the graphics just aren't one of them. And
that's, that's okay. I just hope that if they do continue to invest in Legends, which they should,
and I don't know if that means some of these concepts show up in Gen 9. That's still a little
weird to me how that would work, because then I feel, I feel like there's got to be Pokemon people
out there that don't want to see a lot of this stuff come to the mainline games, because the
mainline games kind of exist as an RPG only. So I don't know how that ends up working or whatever,
but I feel like there's got to be a place for this Legends formula. I also understand maybe
they don't want to do like a historical thing for every generation, although somebody planted
that idea in my head about a medieval game for the Sword and Shield generation, which I think
would be pretty cool. But just, just the way this game works in, you know, the Pokemon context.
I hope they do something.
Pokemon Assassin's Creed. The different, different timelines.
Yeah.
For reasons.
Uh, let's see. ST-100 Matt says, we'll see how that Breath of the Sonic the Hedgehog goes.
I'm curious about that one. That's for sure. Um, Mike Def says, I think Game Freak and the
Pokemon company have gone on record to say that they're done with Let's Go, but don't quote me
on that. I just see that. I like that game. I didn't hate it, but it's very reductive with the
other remakes they're doing. And I think I completely understand the argument that like,
how many times do we have to redo gen one, like let the series do their gen five remake
or whatever. But I'm, I'm just, I'm far more interested now in what's the next legends type
game going to be like, that's, that's where you're going to get my most interest at this point,
even more so than gen nine, to be quite honest. So there's a cute little crossover event in
Pokemon Go. You can catch the little, um, Hoi San, um, Voltorbs in the, um, let's in, uh,
Pokemon Go right now. So I thought that's really cute. So, all right. That was my gaming week.
I talked a lot about that game, but I know it's been a lot of people's gaming weeks. So, uh,
you know, we had to talk about it a little bit, but I dev again, if you're on the fence about it,
check out some let's plays, check out some YouTubes and stuff because, um, you're going
to see, it's a very different type of Pokemon game. And I think it might fix some of the issues
that felt very repetitive sometimes in the mainline games. So, all right, let's move on.
We're going to get into some news first. I want to remind you, there is no show on February 20th.
That's a few weeks from now, but just a reminder, there's not going to be a live show or a podcast
that week. I'm moving. So, uh, we'll have what we'll have 9 0 2 9 0 3, and then there's going
to be a break. And then when 9 0 4 shows up, it's going to look different because, uh, my whole set
up at the new place is going to be different. So that'll be fun. Hopefully I'll be at a place where
dark soccer and Loki can actually see my webcam now. Cause I don't know if you guys know this,
they can't see me. I can see them, but they can't see me. So like, if I were to do something like
this, that's all right, Rob, they can't see it. So, uh, but in the delay, it's fun. Oh,
you see me on a delay. Okay. Um, but in the new set up, I'm actually hoping I have a way to fix
that. So, uh, stay tuned. Anyway. Um, let's move on, get into some news and, uh, boy. Oh boy,
Loki. This is, this is a fun one to start with tonight. The viewers at home. I just want you
to know that my eyes rolling back in my head, it's not me dying or having a stroke is just,
this is just as stupid as possible. Um, so Tari celebrated their 50 years of making games, except
they haven't been making games for quite a long time, but sure. You know, they've been around
for awhile. So what's the best way to do that? Well, of course, NFTs, but not just NFTs. Oh no,
that we can't possibly just do one thing that people hate, but we're also going to do NFT
loot boxes. That's right. Two things that people hate rolled in the one and they call them GFTs
like digital gifts. Aren't they already digital? Yes. So GFTs are like hallmark cards for the next
generation. That's funny because no one really cares about cards either. They're kind of for
yourself. I don't care about cards. Um, and, uh, apparently, you know, rather than being
some small predictable token, um, GFTs are governed by a loot table with predetermined
random rates. Um, now what exactly is in these? I have no idea. I mean, it looks like it's just some
10 images inspired by the gaming past of the company. Um,
um, yeah, not really worth it. If you ask me, I'm not sure how much these are going for, but
not buying them. Now, Mike Defton chat points out, curiously enough, NFT loot boxes already
exist. Yes. Um, this isn't the first way it's been implemented, but, um, I, you know, it's,
it's two bad ideas. Uh, you know, NFTs, we already have talked about that and now it's
loot boxes on top of that. It's just like to make a bad thing and make it even worse.
Um, but boy, Atari sure seems to be wanting to find the money wherever they can get it.
Huh? Yeah. So basically it contains one of 10 images and two of those images are the epic
rarity. It's just, I don't know. I was just so stupid. I'm sorry. Like, cause I just,
where's the, like, I get it. There's a speculative market for this stuff right now, but like
when that goes away, like no one's going to care about those stuff. It's not probably very good
art anyways. It's just your pain. It's like stamp collecting, I guess. At least that you have,
you know, physical PC can trade. You would think for their 50th anniversary,
Atari would have something a little more, I don't know, like something to celebrate. I mean,
since they keep relying on that seventies collection, like you would think that they
would have like a, a definitive Atari collection or something. I mean, I guess they have the
flashback consoles. They did have that Atari. I don't know. There's like volume one, two,
three that was on like PlayStation four and Xbox one, not that long ago. They have that they're
they're sad little PC, the ant stream deal, which kind of seems to be, you know, another big place
where they exist right now. But I don't know. I would have thought that they'd have something,
I guess, arcade one up machines too. Maybe there'll be a 50th anniversary,
Atari arcade one up or something. I don't know. I just wouldn't have thought that there were other
places to sort of celebrate 50 years, which is a pretty big milestone. Other than fricking NFT and,
and things that, you know, most people are not even going to know what they are. So it's just,
it's silly. Yeah. And this is being brought to us, I guess, by Republic realm who's sold NFTs
in the past. They sold a picture or it's like, I guess, a 3d model of a quote unquote yacht.
It just looks like once again, comparing it to my terrible skills, it looks like something I
would model in a 3d program within a time limit of 15 minutes to in time in a yacht.
It looks more like an aircraft carrier if you ask me, but yeah, they sold it for
149 Ethereum or $650,000. It's just why there are people out in this world
that have so much money and are so stupid. Well, a lot of these like logically thinking it through,
like if you really want to be like, how did somebody spend this much money? My guess is
because it's somebody that's embracing this whole NFT thing and getting in on it early.
They were probably the type that got in on Bitcoin or Ethereum or any of that stuff relatively early.
So probably at a low value, they accumulated quite a bit of that type of coin. And now,
because their perception of what is money is probably very warped by coming into a lot of
money very quickly, it doesn't feel like as much money as it does to you and me.
Like logically, that's where I really think somebody ends up spending this kind of money
on this type of situation. Now they have to convince everybody else. It's because this is
the thing. What is 600 Ethereum to you that is apparently now like, I'm sorry, 50,000 or whatever
it was to the rest of us, you have to be able to, and that's why you see all this real pointed
language and stuff on social media and all this stuff, because they're trying to convince people
that their money is worth what apparently it's supposed to be and none of us believe it.
I just, like, even if this, even if they were trying to sell this for $1.49 and not $650,000,
it's not even worth that. Like, it's just, it's just garbage. Like, I don't, whatever, I guess,
you know, some day down the road, you're going to think about, you know, that guy that bought,
you know, pizza with Bitcoin and spent like, I don't remember how many, what the equivalent
of millions of dollars in today's money that that would have been worth, but it, this is
essentially that you're buying garbage for something that Ethereum could be worth like a
ton of money, like in the future. I mean, it's already worth pretty, you know, quite a bit,
but like even more so I just, whatever, I guess I'm just one of those, those gamers. It just
doesn't get it. DJ Rama S in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network says,
a wise man once said a fool and their money are soon parted. There's a lot of,
a lot of modern things to read into with that for sure. I was going to say forgiveness is divine,
but never pay full price for a late pizza. E3 VL in chat says it's, you get it, right?
E3 VL in chat says it's like pogs back in the day. I thought it was worth a lot back in the day. Now
it's worth nothing. Well, you know what? I also kind of put in that bin and I know this is gonna,
this is gonna ruffle some people's feathers. I put things like magic cards and baseball cards
and not that I'm comparing those to NFTs. I'm talking about like what the value is to some
people. When I was in high school, sold magic cards. Oh, is that, oh, that's exactly where I
was going is that, you know, magic's been around since I was in high school, not to date magic or
myself, but that is it. So I sold my first deck of magic, the gathering cards, because I was over it.
First deck of magic, the gathering cards, because I was over it and I sold it to a friend for 35
bucks. I'm probably like that guy who bought the pizza for a million dollars in Bitcoin today.
There probably was shit in that deck that is now worth money to somebody in that deck today. But
to me, I was over it. It wasn't worth anything anymore. And so am I upset about it? No, it was
because I don't, you can't sell those cards to just anybody. You've got to convince somebody
that, you know, rare printing with the black border, sorry, I have a hard time speaking
the language because it's been so long. You have to convince people that it's worth that kind of
money. And to certain people it is. And a lot though, like if you're talking about like
traditional artwork, like these like paintings that go for a lot of money are typically from
like very famous artists that have, you know, reputation or quality of work to them that are
sought after. And that's why those pieces are worth so much. I don't know who this person is
that drew some, some apes on the internet and made like, I don't know how many hundreds of them like
that literally means nothing to me. Like, and I don't understand why they're going for so much,
but then you have like celebrities, like, you know, Jimmy Fallon and Paris Hilton
going on their shows and saying, Oh look, I identify with this eight because I wear a
striped shirt as well sometimes. And it gets normalized in this sense, but I think a lot of
people are just kind of rolling their eyes. Like, I don't get this. It doesn't make any sense. And
it it's, it's not that we don't understand how commerce works and how like, you know,
Oh, this is going to be worth something, but it's not like, you know, if I have a piece of art,
you know, a Rembrandt or something like that, and I have it hanging in my house,
that is a piece of art that I have. Whereas, you know, if it's an NFT, someone can literally go
get an exact copy of that. And in like, it's pretty much effortless. It's, there's no uniqueness
to it aside from what a blockchain says, you own this. Okay. It means nothing. It really does.
And it's not even like you own the rights to anything. It's just like,
it, it's, it's silly. It's, it's, I think trying to find more utility for blockchain technology,
which I think that there is, you know, possible uses for blockchain, but like NFTs, I just think,
I don't know. I just think that they're really trying to make it work.
But why put so much effort into something like this when we could have
say improved quantum computing for home use?
Whatever happened to using your computing power for folding at home
as opposed to Bitcoin mining, right?
And if they're worried about security, nevermind. I could get completely started on.
All right. To, to be fair, I'm done talking about those no fucking time things.
We always say we're done and then more shit happens.
Because it's the gaming industry because the gaming industry won't shut up about it. You know,
this is the show about video games and gaming culture and whether we like it or not,
this is showing up and it's because these executives are convinced they are missing
the million dollar Bitcoin pizza or whatever the fuck it is.
If they don't get their companies in on this, I just want pizza now.
I know it doesn't really good, doesn't it? All right. Well, let's move on and let's talk about,
Hey, what I think is actually a good idea in the game industry and one that now a lot of
people are trying to compete with in their own way. It's Microsoft game pass, right?
So interesting enough game pass. I never really realized this, but there's probably a lot of
people who buy game pass and then never use it. Kind of like a gym membership. And, you know,
Microsoft has these things on auto renewal because you know, that's how gyms make their money.
Yeah. People who have a gym membership and then never go. Right. Well, interesting because thanks
to a recent settlement in the UK, basically. They're going to be making some changes to the
way Xbox live gold and game pass. Microsoft is going to be making a change to this.
So if you have not used Xbox live gold or game pass in a year, you're going to get in touch.
Basically Microsoft's going to send you an email or something and say, this is how you stop your
payments if you want to opt out. But if you keep doing it over another 12 months, so two years,
Microsoft stops taking payments. Now, well, Microsoft isn't quite doing this out of the
goodness in their hearts. They're having to do it to the UK consumers first because
this is a agreement with the competition and markets authority or the CMA in the UK.
However, now where you can say good guy Microsoft is that there's no reason for them to roll this
outside the UK, but they are going to roll it out to the rest of the world.
Perhaps they fear that similar things would have come down the pipeline, who knows, but that is
something that they are doing. So again, UK first and in an interview with the verge, Microsoft said
it will be rolled out globally in the near future. Although of course we don't know exactly when that
is. Also we do not know how auto renewing systems on the switch or PlayStation plus or any of that
will have to respond. Microsoft has also agreed to have better upfront information about the
memberships, meaning basically like it's very clear that this is not a renewal when your
subscription is going to be renewed and how much you're going to pay and how to get a refund. So
they have to kind of give all that information upfront. The CMA's executive director of
enforcement Michael Grenfell said, quote, gamers need to be given clear and timely information
to make informed choices when signing up for auto renewing memberships and subscriptions.
We are therefore pleased that Microsoft has given the CMA these formal undertakings to improve the
fairness of their practices and protect consumers and will be offering refunds to certain customers.
Very interesting. So it's interesting that the rest of the world is kind of benefiting from that too.
So if you've been too lazy to go and cancel your Microsoft game pass because you're not using it,
well, in two years, you don't have to do it. It'll be done for you. But I also would say
if you kind of, if you're paying for game pass and you're not using it, you're kind of missing out.
Like there's, there's gotta be at least one free game on there you want to play. So over to our
chat at twitch.tv slash vog network. Mike Deff says, I feel guilty of that. Barely using my
game pass sub. You didn't even play the new Taiko no Tatujin? Soon, I'm sure. Keep in mind,
you only have to use it once in two years. And then they're, you know, they're going to consider
that you're using it. S2 under Matt says, it's just avoiding lawsuits from the consumer protection
agencies, which is who MS made a deal with in the UK to avoid a lawsuit. Just makes sense. A
simple email takes the onus off of them. And Zen Monkey 11 says, I'm glad the UK stepped up. Like
a year ago, I had game pass. I forgot to unsubscribe before the auto-renewal. Microsoft
hunted me down for their 15 bucks. I couldn't get PC game pass until I paid them. Oh, that's well,
that's how the gym memberships and all that work too. So interesting, interesting. All right,
let's move on. Dark Sakura. Well, how about, uh, something else online, but it's, it's, uh, it's
not Xbox or anything about that. It's Netflix. Um, Netflix is going to be expanding their
game library. They're working with a Canadian game agency called rock ride game, rocket ride games
to do that expansion. Um, they will be able to play some mobile games, uh, with the partnership,
um, to the games that are, uh, available, um, already are on, this is on the Netflix app is
Domino's cafe and mittens, K N I T T E N S, um, both added in December from rocket ride. Um,
and there are more games coming out. Netflix is saying no ads, no in-app purchases. They're
included standard with your Netflix subscription to promote the service. Um,
and, uh, it looks like rocket ride has been making a decent amount of money with, you know,
similar deals like this. And they're really happy about working with Netflix. Um, the, uh, Netflix
games app was released, um, well, at least for the Google app store in the UK on November 2nd,
uh, last year and had two stranger things games. So do you want to try?
Uh, I haven't yet, but, um, I like that Netflix is trying to sweeten the pot a little bit. I
like the fact that it's, you know, gaming and, you know, other, uh, like movies and TV shows
and things like that. So, but otherwise I had to take out the stuff for dead by daylight.
Oh, well, yeah. I found myself missing the Hawkins laboratory, Rob.
What's the world come to? Yeah, but I think that crows map is pretty good.
So I'm glad you think so. All right. Here, let's move on to another story. Uh, that, uh,
has been weeks and weeks long, but, uh, important. And I think, uh, definitely will be the future of
our industry. Loki. Yeah. You would think that the tune would change being that they're going
to be purchased by Microsoft here pretty soon, but apparently Activision blizzard has called for
a studio wide vote after they refuse to, uh, recognize the union from, uh, Raven QA staff.
Uh, so they're going to have to have everybody vote kind of, um, I think it's probably to delay
this from happening. Um, so now, um, the whole company has to vote on whether they should
recognize the union. Um, and then of course, uh, the staff at, or the QA testers at Raven
have ended their strike, um, following their announcement of the union that they developed.
So, um, that's good, but I mean, I think they're probably going to wait and see if it's actually
being recognized by the company, but I'm just surprised that they're willing to do this after.
I mean, I guess any company is looking to squash unions, but.
Yeah, I'm a little surprised they don't see the writing on the wall, but this is completely
unsurprising of the current powers that be at Activision either to, you know, basically be
like, well, we're not going to recognize it, but, um, I mean, we'll see what happens after the vote,
but, um, it'll be interesting. Uh, I, I think it's interesting. They're under their strike too,
but I also get that like union is like where they want to end up. And ultimately I think where the
game industry is going to end up. So I, I think, I think this is all a process. There's just going
to play out over the next few years. And then eventually you're going to see a lot more game
workers that are unionized and, uh, the more and more of them to get there, the more lucrative
those companies are going to be to work for. Especially when they see how, you know,
this works out for them. I mean, if it ends up working out for that QA team, then yeah,
I think you could have more people in the other departments following suit. Yeah, for sure.
Uh, well, meanwhile, at another troubled company, uh, Ubisoft, um, some news that I don't think is
very surprising to folks who followed this game because there weren't a lot of folks following
this game, but hyperscape is going to be shut down on April 28th. That game didn't come out
that long ago. If I remember right. Uh, that was the one that was like, it was more like,
like it was trying to capture the battle royale thing where I was kind of like apex legends,
that sort of thing, but they were trying to do more with like anti-gravity vertical
type of stuff. That was, that was the whole thing on hyperscape. So, um, Ubisoft and announcement
said, quote, we set out to create a vertical close quarters and fast paced shooter experience.
We are extremely grateful to our community for joining us on our journey. We will be
taking key learnings from this game into future products. So it'd be interesting, um, what that
could possibly mean. If maybe you see a mode like this show up in another game or something,
I don't know. The game just came out in summer of 2020. So it didn't even last a year. In fact,
less than a year before they announced that they were going to pull the plug, um, start to finish.
So that's, uh, that's pretty scary. The, uh, amount of life it was on that. But again,
to have a battle royale be successful, you have to have a lot of people that are playing it or
else it can't find the people to do a new match. So I think that's probably a big part of the
problem. Um, anyway, so Ubisoft did admit the hyperscape didn't fully meet the high expectations
of our players. Um, and, uh, I think it's because the game was kind of a mess when it came out. So,
uh, I don't know. Uh, anyway, uh, apparently, uh, Ubisoft may still be trying to do battle
royale in other games. And so again, this might be something that you see in other titles that they
do, uh, such as ghost recon frontline. Apparently there's going to be one new game in the genre
there. And, uh, the division heartland is also supposed to have a battle royale mode as well. So
maybe they'll have more success in an established franchise than trying to do a franchise of their
own. But, uh, no, it's not necessarily that they're blaming their consumers again, but it
kind of almost the way they phrase that, like it didn't meet the high expectations of our,
of our gamers or consumers. It's like your expectations were just set too high. You just
don't get it. Well, yeah. And, but I think people would also call them out on that because the game
had its issues. I know, I know. I know that's not the way that they meant it, but like coming after
the whole NFT thing, it's like, guys are just, you're just not in tune with us. Okay. It was
only supposed to be at this level. Uh, I don't know. Uh, Zen monkey 11 in chat says that's why
I hate all these online only games. They come and go within months. Fuck that. Not Fortnite,
not pub G, not apex. So, I mean, I get it. I totally get what you're saying because you always
inevitably the, all these games are trying to be that and emulate that for other companies.
And sometimes they work. Sometimes they don't. It's to me, it's very similar with world of
Warcraft. When world of Warcraft hit its all time high, you know, around wrath of the Lich King,
how many MMOs did we see come out that just flopped within months? I mean, shit, it almost
looks like new world is headed a similar way. Is that like new world was huge for like 15 days.
And now it's like, you know, but that's not to say every MMO has flopped. Certainly,
I found fancy 14, which maybe I'm a little biased, but I think most can see that that
one's done well. And there's other ones as well that have hung in there. I mean, shit,
EverQuest is still going after all these years. So, you know, there, there are other good MMOs,
but I just feel like whenever there's a good thing in gaming, everybody wants to emulate
it somehow. Minecraft, right? How many crafting and those types of retro inspired graphic games
do we see now? A ton. How many of them are successful? Little different there because
the multiplayer environment and the always online isn't as necessary with that. But certainly we've
seen a lot of that. So Mike Deaf says, at least we got some Twitch emotes for that game. I wonder
if those will stick around. That's for sure. Quest Buster saying there's a rumor floating
around that battlefield 2042 might go free to play because it's performing so badly. Oh,
that would be very interesting. Ziba SA points out Final Fantasy 11 still going after all these years
too. Oh, absolutely. And it, you know, it blows my mind. They still don't have like a free to play
model or that, but they're still making updates to that game, even though the mobile version of
that sure disappeared. And Jason points out quite simply, yes, wherever there is success, everyone
wants to emulate it. Look at all these NFT stories we're talking because somebody heard that a
procedurally generated monkey sold for thousands of dollars. And now everybody wants a piece of
that money. It's just wild. They saw how easy it was. They saw how easy it was. And now, well,
and look at, look at Konami. Konami should have never made the kind of money they did
on that Castlevania stuff. But here we are. They did. And now Atari is like, oh shit,
we got a retro collection we can tap into too. And this is, it's just going to be cause that's
all the investors are going to see are dollar signs and look at all these idiots on the
internet with all this money, all this money that they don't know how to spend.
Anyway. All right, let's move on. Dark Soccer, I believe you're next.
Well, Nintendo is of course very protective and very greedy with their IPs,
with any of their properties. And there is a popular video game music channel
called a Gilva Sonner. And they've actually targeted them before, but now they
have been hit with 1300 takedowns for so many different soundtracks, you know, Smash Brothers
and various Mario games and Legend of Zelda games. And so the, the owner of this site,
I'll just read the quote. I see a lot of assumptions being made by some of you with
some extreme words against me. Let me clarify again that I do not monetize videos and do not
profit from them. I do realize that doesn't justify uploading the content. I'm also not angry
or surprised that Nintendo is doing this, but I do think it's a bit disappointing. There's hardly
an alternative. If Nintendo thinks this is what needs to be done to set an example, I will let
them take down the channel. It is their content after all. I like the most. Oh, go ahead. Please.
You know, I was going to say, I was going to say, you know what makes me most surprised about this
is like, I see like constantly people using Nintendo music in their live streams, in their
videos, like egregiously. And I would think that like, I would be most wary of using Nintendo
licensed anything in any of my videos because they are so litigious, happy. Just I'm just,
I'm shocked it took this long. I did a series of five to 10 videos on retro games for my personal
YouTube channel back in like, it was a while ago. I was in the old apartments. It was probably like
2000, but I was with Allen. So it was probably like 2011, 2012. I did these videos and one of
them was about the Legend of Zelda and I'm talking and I'm doing all this stuff, but yeah, the
Nintendo music is there because I'm playing Legend of Zelda. Oh, Nintendo copyright claimed it like
that. I don't particularly care because I'm not really in the business to make money. But I
thought that was very interesting. That was like, all right, well, I guess, okay. Nintendo is very
much like nobody's profiting off this, but us. But I also understand it is their game, whatever.
I like, at least in this story, I feel like the content or it feels weird to say content creator
because they're not really creating anything, but I would say the YouTube channel owner.
I think they have a measured approach. They get it. They're like, I just want a way to listen
to Nintendo music. And I get it is Nintendo's music. If they want to take it down, okay.
But why it, and I get it, it frustrates them as I think it frustrates a lot of us.
There isn't another way to just listen to Nintendo jams. However, Nintendo wants to make that money.
I think there's that frustration because we see Nintendo copyright claiming a lot of this shit
to hold onto it and be like, you know, my precious and not do anything with it, but hold it in their
hand. And that's what frustrates people. And what's also frustrating about it is that Nintendo
is perfectly within their rights to do that. But that doesn't mean people aren't going to find
other ways to listen to, you know, these epic timeless songs from Metroid, Zelda, Mario,
and so forth as they need to. I mean, every streaming service out there, you name it,
has at least like orchestral versions, covers, remixes, and things that are a lot harder for
Nintendo to touch. But yeah, the originals, it's really, really, they just, they don't want that
for whatever reason. Quest Buster in chat says, to be honest, I'm surprised it took
this long. Kind of same. Also, I wish Nintendo gave us more options to actually buy their music.
Yes. And that's what I'm hearing in the YouTube channel owner's comments. That's what the
frustration is. At least put the music up on streaming services then, or if you think the
streaming services don't pay enough, you know what? Put it on a part of the Nintendo online
subscription, a Nintendo music player. Oh my God, what a novel idea. Okay, sure. It's going to take
a little bit of development time to build that, but you know what? I don't think it would take
a ton and there's going to be a lot of people that would be super into that. How many of you
would be down for a Nintendo music player as a part of your online Switch membership?
Technically, they've already kind of got one in Smash Brothers. I mean,
yes, I see Bobby Blackwell pointing that out, but y'all know that's a little different because A,
it's not really, it's a very comprehensive, but it's not all encompassing. And B, it is kind of
buried away in the game, but I get it. I get it. Yes, there is a lot of the music in Smash
Brothers. Why don't they take that out and put it on Nintendo online? I don't know.
I would take forethought and they're not going to do that. I don't know. Artificial scarcity.
DJ Rama S in chat says, the problem is that Japanese and American copyright laws are very
different. Japanese companies don't really care about the American laws and YouTube will comply.
Toei hit a YouTuber with over 150 takedowns a few weeks ago. The YouTuber won his appeal,
but Toei has now stated, you are not allowed to use their anime for any use whatsoever.
Interesting. Jason says, game music is very prolific in Japan. RAA and America's
copyright laws are way more stringent. Hell, game OST CDs can actually be bought in Japan.
I feel like we're seeing more and more Japanese companies kind of get on the streaming services
though. I feel like in our rapid fire news segment, at least once, if not twice a month,
we're talking about some CD collection, some collection just came out. Namco put a bunch
of music up. Capcom put a bunch of music up on. Apple Music, Spotify, blah, blah, blah. You name
it. It's all there. So it's just, it's interesting to me that Nintendo, again, holds onto their
precious. So yeah, FitDream says, Squeenix has a lot on Spotify. Honestly, I think that's just
everywhere. You insert name of streaming service here. It's there. So it took a while to get there,
but it's there. That's for sure. All right, moving on. Loki, I think you're next.
All right. So the Steam Deck has some cool stuff coming through.
No. No.
What?
Nevermind.
Yes.
I'm wrong.
Yes. No.
She's really not liking the Steam Deck.
No, I'm just completely, because you guys talk so much over my, about what I-
No, no, no. I completely understand. This is-
Wait off.
No, this is the whole reason why it's good to have your products named in very distinct manners.
Anyways, the Steam Deck, the Valve portable console PC, they're going to be having cloud
saving for the Steam Deck, which I kind of figured that it would because, you know,
Steam has cloud saves, so why wouldn't this have cloud saves? But I guess that they're
doing something special with it called Cloud Dynamic Sync, which is supposed to
be a little bit better. It's supposed to automatically upload all modified save game
data to the cloud prior to the device entering sleep mode. So it's cloud saves, but quicker.
Sure. And then, of course, the Steam Deck is actually going to start rolling out
on February 25th. So you can start ordering that soon. When will you get them?
You don't know. At some point. It'll be out eventually.
Well, you kind of get to find out about when you're getting one, right? Like,
didn't they tell people, like, you'll get one, you know, in the quarter three?
I thought they already had the orders. Why they already did pre-orders for this?
Are they going to start shipping them out? Because it says you should start ordering
them February 25th. Yeah, they're shipping them out now, is the big thing.
Oh, I guess the order emails to reservation holders.
Yes. I guess that's something separate to pre-order.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is what it is. They're sending out emails to the people
that reserved it. And the email basically says, hi, you reserved this. Now you can pay the remainder
of the amount or moving on to the next person on the list. That's what it is. But they paid like
five bucks to hold it. It isn't that dissimilar from what I think GameStop has done historically
with pre-orders. You pay $5 to pre-order the game or whatever, and then they'll call you,
they'll call you, but there's only so long they're going to call you before they move down to the
next person on the list. And so that's what this is going on with Steam. People already ordered
this some time ago, and I guess you could still go order one if you want, but it's going to take
some time to get there. But we finally know that they are actually coming out because this has
been delayed already. It was supposed to be a holiday last year thing, I believe. I don't think
it was much earlier than that. And it's had to creep back a little bit because supply chain
issues, blahdy blahdy blah. So these things are finally, it seems like it is actually happening.
It's happening! At the end of February is when this is finally happening. Pretty cool.
Yeah. So we'll see how that plays out. E3VL says GameStop is one week, I think. Bobby Blackwolf
is kind of outlining a lot of the stuff that I just said and saying every week when they know
how many they are manufacturing, they are sending emails to the next batch of pre-orders to pay the
remainder and get it shipped immediately. That makes sense. So remember when you gave us $5?
Here's your three-day window. Come get your Steam Deck. Yeah, Steam Deck, not to be confused with
what I'm about to talk about. But yeah, I know some friends that got one. I didn't get one
because I still kind of want to see what they're actually like and what they look like and what
the reception is. And the reality is now I probably wouldn't be able to get one for a while. But I
wonder how many people put $5 down that are going to not follow through with it now. I'd be very
curious about that. We talked about it here. Oh yeah? If it was going to be worthwhile just with
some of the things that I want to play that at the time I couldn't play on my Mac. And a lot of the
games that I would want to play or the reasons that I would want to play them make a Steam Deck
unrealistic. For example, you know how I like to mod Mass Effect to shit and back.
Oh yeah, modding is going to be interesting. It would completely eliminate any modding or
using screen effects. Like if I was going to play Dead by Daylight through Steam and I wanted to use
you know a color mod or something. I was going to say those Steam Decks will probably get hacked
within minutes. No, no, no. They're just PCs. But you can load whatever you want on them.
The operating system on them wouldn't work with the tools that exist. It's Linux, not PC.
So a lot of modding tools are based in. Regardless, regardless, I would want something
that's a lot more versatile. Instead of paying, you know, 600 bucks for whatever for it, I could
just spend that and fix my own machine. Will you close the door for me, please? Sorry.
Pixel pockets and chat says you can put windows on it if you want. And Mike Deaf says
Steam OS is Linux. So modding is pretty much. I would rather keep Linux, Linux anyway,
because it's a better operating system. But no. All right. Well, we've talked about the
Steam Deck. Now let's talk about the Stream Deck or an official attachment, if you will,
for the Stream Decks so that Elgato can charge you a lot more money for what some people have done
as an at home type of hack. But it is now an official foot pedal that comes that you can buy
for the Stream Deck, which is, again, the little multi-button machine. Like I use one here at OLR
to move that little sidebar for those that watch live up and down and change some of the scene
shots, run the classic Game of the Week video, things like that. So if I wanted to use my foot
to do it, I could with the official Elgato foot pedal. That's only going to be $115.
It's quite a bit of money, but OK. It's certainly, you know, there is something to be said about
having it just work. You know, if it's in the Elgato, you know, it's like a lot of the
reasons why people like to do the Apple stuff. It just works. You plug it in, bam, it goes.
Same thing with the Elgato. Please tell that to my Stream Deck
Mini that has decided to stop working properly while my full-size Stream Deck is fine. I'm kind
of considering an Excel now. Interesting. Yeah. The one here,
I think I bought this when OLR first went to Twitch at the end of 20...
I got a math, carry the one, 2018. And I bought that and it's still, they even, I just got a
version update for it because I think they did some Discord integration in the latest version.
I haven't really explored it, but I think that's the thing that they're doing. So it's kind of
interesting. So if I wanted to, you know, because I'm sure you guys on camera can see me reaching
for this thing. And so maybe it's visually distracting when I go to advance the story or
maybe wondering like, what am I doing over here? You know, so if I wanted to be more subtle about
it, I could have a foot pedal, would make us maybe make a thing. Now, again, some people have
made their own because I've heard about some broadcasters that have their own foot pedal that,
you know, essentially just, you know, presses a key on the keyboard or whatever hot key
kind of does it automatically. But if you want to integrate it in with your Stream Deck,
you sure can for 115 bucks. So there you go. I don't know if anyone's interested in buying one.
We'll see. Let's look up a DDR soft pad to a key patter. And that's what I only do.
Not only do you get three buttons, but you get like nine. So that's what I want. A DDR pad
that works with a Stream Deck. How on brand would that be for the history of the show?
Like anything. All it is is there. It's just passing through a key, a keystroke. You can
do the same thing. S.J. 100 Matt about the foot pedal says Mr. Smoosh would just mash the button
or sleep on it. True. Very true. Same thing with the DDR Matt. Smoosh would just plop right there
on the up arrow and then it would be forever scrolling the scroll bar up. The stories are
moving by themselves. That's how, you know, Smoosh is in here. It'll be interesting to see in the
new house if you can, because as it is now, he never comes to my side of the studio. So I don't
know if he'll even come into the office. Honestly, when I'm doing the show, I'll probably shut the
door, kind of like Dar Sacher does. So I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. There's a lot to
discover with the new environment. So. All right. Let's you know, we're talking about we're talking
about controlling things on a computer with your foot. I think we need to go back to a simpler time
when it was it was sprites. Anyway, here comes our next segment. And now it's time to travel
back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about
it. It's time for the classic game of the week. A true classic this week, Dar Sacher. What did you pick?
I picked Wolfenstein 3D, which is pretty much the granddaddy of our FPS games. I mean, if you think
about it, it is a first person shooter that was developed by ID Software, published by Apogee and
FormGen. It was released for DOS on May 5th, 1992, 20 years, almost 20 years ago. And it was inspired
by a 1981 Muse software game, Castle Wolfenstein. And this is actually the third in the Wolfenstein
series. So in Wolfenstein 3D, you play the role of an ally, allied spy,
William B.J. Blazkowicz, who is an American of Polish descent during World War II, escaping from
a Nazi German prison, prison castle Wolfenstein and has different missions to take down the Nazis.
It is very, it's kind of like a pretty convoluted storyline, to be honest. It is the second
major independent release by ID Software after the Commander Keen series. Did you ever play Commander
Keen? Rob? Okay. Anyway, it was programmed in part by John Carmack and John Romero. So they
decided to put it together and it was also designed by Tom Hall, built on the engine
that Carmack made. And it was meant to be fast, meant to be violent and unlike any other computer
game on the market at the time. Anyway, the game was released through Apogee with two sets of three
episodes as a shareware. And the first episode was released for free so that people would hopefully
pay for the rest. And then there was an additional episode, Spear of Destiny, that was a standalone
retail item from FormGen. It was a critical and commercial success, considered to be one of the
greatest video games of all time. And by the end of 1995, it sold over 250,000 copies. It's one of
the ones that really made, you know, put first person shooters on the map. I mean, I honestly
think that while a lot of people might think of Doom, this was really the bigger one. So it has
very rudimentary 3D graphics. It has different levels that are basically flat panes with
different divided areas. And each level is themed after a Nazi bunker and different buildings.
So you have to go through each area to find an elevator. The levels are 10 for each episode
grouped together by those episodes with a final level with a boss fight. You know, it has its own
difficult enemy. You have to fight guards and soldiers and dogs and other things while you have
to watch your ammo and your health. You can fight weapons and ammo is placed everywhere. You can
pick them up off of dead enemies. You can also get, you know, you get your knife, a pistol,
submachine gun, a rapid fire chain gun. And the enemies and objects are 2D sprites that will scale.
So it's kind of a 2.5D game. But anyway, you start with 100 health and if you get shot, it,
you know, goes down and then if it falls to zero, you die. And you start over with a knife,
a pistol, and eight bullets. You start with four lives. You can gain more with extra life tokens
as you go through it. So basically, the episodes, the very first two sets had, you know, each their
own series. So the first series was Escape from Castle Wolfenstein, Operation Eisenfoss, and then
Die Sure Die. And then the next trilogy titled The Nocturnal Missions was a dark secret trail
of the madman and confrontation. And basically it's the Nazis want to make an army of undead
robotic mutant people and you fight robot Hitler at the end of the game. The Nocturnal Missions is
a bit of a sequel, a prequel that talks about German plans for chemical warfare.
And then the Spear of Destiny, which was the standalone, has a different prequel mission
trying to recapture the Spear of Destiny after it was stolen from Versailles.
They did two sequel episodes, Return to Danger and Ultimate Challenge. And those have to do with
nuclear weapons and summoning demons. Like I said, very convoluted. Anyway, it began development in
1990. Basically, a group of employees from Softdisk calling themselves Ideas from the Deep.
They developed Commander Keen in Invasion of the Vorticons, the first game in the Commander Keen
series. And then they were doing more games and more software and did things for Gamers Edge
video game subscription service out of Shreveport, Louisiana, which I had been to many a convention
in Shreveport. And then they wanted to quit and basically make their own company. Basically,
since they had created their stuff on the work computers during office hours,
they had to negotiate with their boss and agreed to do a series of games for Gamers Edge,
one every two months. Ideas from the Deep became id Software and they started prototyping
their own games. They really were trying to push a newly budding 3D graphics style
and wanted to push the limits of personal computers as well to make a fast 3D games
that would keep up with what most people had. So they took a different approach to
display their graphics. They used ray casting in which the surfaces visible to the player
are calculated rather than the entire area surrounding the player.
And then John Carmack had his 3D engine made using 2D sprites and that started things.
So moving a big fast forward through everything, they kept working on Commander Keen
and a few other games. The last one they did was Commander Keen in Aliens Ate My Babysitter,
which saying that aloud is actually kind of funny. They decided to take some inspiration from
Electronic Arts Deluxe Paint 2 and Pac-Man so they even have a hidden Pac-Man level in the game.
And as they put together their various influences, they made the game.
And so they made music for it. There were concerns, of course, about the violence
and screaming loudly in German and the death cam and stuff like that, but people liked it.
When they did Spear of Destiny, they used a new graphics engine that was licensed for
Shadowcaster and it became the basis of the Doom engine.
So that's how Wolfenstein 3D led into Doom. The big, weird, crazy thing about it,
there was the Super Nintendo release. Imagineer bought the rights for the game and commissioned
it to port it to the SNES and they were still busy making Doom and Spear of Destiny. So they
basically put it way off bat. Finally, they put one out, but they had to change so many things.
There is, of course, Nintendo's censorship, so they had to remove all the Nazi imagery,
remove the German voice clips, replace dogs with giant rats, rescale all of the graphics to fit
the Super Nintendo's. Because they take all the Germans out of it and everything else. What's left?
Right. But it was released in January 10th, 1994 under Wolfenstein 3D, the claw of Eizenfast.
And it went out in North America first and then Europe later. But also don't forget,
making the blood green and then finally just removing it. So finally, though,
they used the source code for the SNES port to convert it to run on the Jaguar.
And so they were able to take that port, but improve it well above the DOS version.
And, of course, removed the changes for Nintendo. But they had to slow the game code down to work
on the console. Anyways, it had so many different ports. In 1983, Alternate Worlds Technology
licensed it and converted it to a VR game. In 1994, Acorn Archimedes port was released.
There's a Mega Drive port done by Imagineer, but it was canceled because of technical issues.
1994, classic Mac OS version had three releases. The first encounter, the second encounter,
and the third encounter, happily named. There's an Atari Lynx version that was offered,
but never started. There's a 3DO version. Apple 2GS port that...
Let's see, it looks like they had some licensing problems with that one.
There's an open source iOS port that was done by Carmack himself in 2009.
An unofficial port for the Game Boy Color in 2016. An Android port titled Wolfenstein 3D Touch,
later renamed EC Wolf. There's Game Boy Advance, Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network.
And the iOS port was the only one that had Spirit of Destiny. And then in 2007,
there was a Steam release for PC, Mac OS, and Linux that had all of the FormGen episodes.
Bethesda, which bought id in 2009, celebrated the 20th anniversary of Wolfenstein 3D with a
free-to-play browser version of the game in 2012, although it was removed a year later.
Also, don't forget, Doom had, I think it was level 37, if I remember right,
was a secret castle, sorry, Wolfenstein 3D level. Do you remember that?
I do. I do remember, I don't remember if it was like 1-1 in this game that was remade in Doom,
but I remember one of the levels was straight out of this game. It was like a hidden thing.
You had to do like, id, dls something, I think. Because I remember,
I think there are codes that were in Doom. Some of them worked in Wolfenstein 3D, I think.
Yeah. Well, I remember that Wolfenstein 3D was also extremely moddable, hackable, and like-
Oh, totally.
I remember sticking around with a map editor for this game and having so much fun. And I remember
the Mortal Kombat mod that was really legendary for this game. Yeah, this really defines several
years of PC gaming growing up for many of us, honestly.
Oh, for sure. Well, and there's a little bit more, too. They had hoped it would make around
$60,000. Their first royalty check was $100,000. The game was selling about 4,000 copies a month
by mail order. It was the top shareware seller of 1992, according to PC Zone. And by the end of
1993, with the Apogee episodes and Spear of Destiny, they sold over 100,000 units each,
and the Apogee game was still selling very strongly into the next year. By mid-1994,
150,000 shareware copies were registered, and it had sold another 150,000 retail copies of Spear
of Destiny. However, 20% of the sales were from outside the US, even though the marketing for the
non-English areas was really weak, and the game was banned from sale in Germany because of Nazi
symbols because their federal department for media harmful to young persons made it illegal.
Famitsu removed the game, reviewed it five months after release, and said,
view from the character's point of view. It's a real shooter. The game is easy to play,
and it runs well. This is the only game of its type. And to get an American-made game,
getting a good review from Famitsu is a pretty big deal, just saying.
Yeah.
But yeah, not all the ports. So the early ports got really high reviews,
but their sales were not super great. The SNES one was considered a really good
conversion for what it was. Had all the music, the levels. It was still as fun,
even though the censorship was there. The Jaguar version was also highly well received,
but they did criticize some of the character movement and made it not as fun to play.
And the game itself, though, has aged so well, especially the 3DO version,
that they compare it to things like Hexen, Beyond Heretic, and Doom. But now it's a little old hat.
But at any rate, this is the game that spawned a legacy. I mean, we have
I mean, the thing is, is that there I don't know if they were able to re-release it in Germany
because of their software ratings board, but I think, oh yeah, in May 2018, a ruling
said that it was allowable in-game content. So the ban was reversed, and Wolfenstein 3D
decision was considered to be outdated, and that games could, as a form of, I guess, of art,
it could be released. And so in November 2019, so we're talking, you know, what,
I can math, 17 years after its initial release, it was finally removed from the ban list in Germany.
And this engine was licensed to other developers, like the Commander Keen engine. So other games
were Blake Stone, Quarter 7, Operation Body Count, Super 3D, Noah's Ark.
Okay, I always wondered why that game felt so much like Wolfenstein. Okay, I didn't realize
they had Rise of the Triad. That's amazing. It was actually, Apogee intended an expansion pack
that was called Rise of the Triad Wolfenstein 3D Part 2, but because the engine had been enhanced,
it was just released as Rise of the Triad. We had another prototype of the engine we
used to make Catacomb Adventure series. And then later on, the mods of Wolfenstein actually led
id Software to create other titles that went into, I mean, part of it was Doom, the Quake series,
and they left them to be modifiable because fans were having so much fun with it.
I remember playing Gachomon Quake for a very long time in Sailor Moon Doom,
you know, but it led to, you know, different imitators like Ken's Labyrinth, Nightmare 3D,
the Terminator Rampage, Terminal Terror, and Fortress of Dr. Radayaki.
And then we had the reboot. We had Return to Castle Wolfenstein.
We had Wolfenstein Youngblood and Wolfenstein Cyberpilot.
Because remember, if you can't kill Hitler in Bionic Commando, you can do it in Wolfenstein.
All right, well, there it is. Lengthy segment, but because there's a lot to say about this game,
Wolfenstein 3D is definitely one of the all-time classics of, you know, certainly PC gaming,
at least I certainly remember. I remember this, you know, playing this in high school,
downloading it from the local BBS, playing the shit out of this game. And then, of course,
when all the mods came out, it was really open season. But, you know, it is interesting the
things you kind of learn about it later on is that, you know, the fact that, you know,
as you were explaining, how it manipulates basically 2D sprites in a 3D space, you know,
it's kind of like Super Nintendo's Mode 7, like, amped up is basically how this game gets away
with what it's getting away with. But you really see it like how the lights look the same, no
matter what angle you're looking at it. What's that? It's not like Mode 7. Mode 7 is scaling
of 2D graphics. This is 3D. Well, right. And I did say it's not Mode 7, but like a super,
but it's that same concept of taking 2D sprites and manipulating them in kind of like a, I guess,
a 3D way. Although I guess, you know, Mode 7, if it never really changed the sprite,
it was just kind of like how the system was looking at it. But anyway. And then, of course,
you know, Doom comes out later that is that true 3D sort of game. But, of course, we don't get to
Doom without this. And, you know, as you pointed out, especially when it came to the mods and,
you know, a lot of the other things that were born of this era that I think a lot of us miss
sometimes. You know, you were talking about the chat room was talking about the no clipping stuff
being a code that was in the sky. I forgot about that, but God, yes. I mean, that that was early
speed running for me. Using IDD clip or no clip, ID no clip or whatever the hell the code was
to just get from start to finish as fast as you fucking can. Just bearing through the walls,
not giving a shit about any of the mobs that were in the way or anything like that. It was just.
But we know the best codes. Yeah. IDDQD and IDBFG.
There you go. There you go. I remember them to this day, just like I remember in Hexen,
you can use chicken. And that. God mode is typing Satan.
All right. Those are the days. Yeah, those are the days. Now get off my lawn. All right.
Your classic Wolfenstein 3D, which somehow had never been a pick before. That was the
somebody early on said that in chat. This hasn't been picked before. And
that's always like here. Here we are. We're in our nine hundreds now. We started this segment
on episode 250. So we're coming up on almost 700 of these segments. And there's always a game where
I'm like, we've never done this before. How? So. Fantastic. Thankfully, though, because Dark Soccer,
I know you're like, I think I think I might be running out of games here, but thankfully,
every week new games become eligible. As every week, new stuff comes eligible.
The general rule is that the game has to be at least 10 years old, although Dark Soccer has been
known to bend that rule as appropriate, but for the most part is stuck to that. So. All right.
There it is. Rules are meant to be broken and we embrace that here at OLR. All right. Let's do some
rapid fire news. I'm sorry. Actually, quickly, I want to get some more comments in chat here.
VXJ6V says, I never played a Wolfenstein 3D mod. Started with Doom for sure. The most legendary
one I can think of. And I even saw YouTube of it earlier today, because when I was grabbing the B
roll for Dark Soccer's classic game, I was like, I wonder if anybody ever recorded the Mortal Combat
thing. And they did. And you can see it, although what you can't see, or at least I didn't find that
YouTube, is somebody actually fighting a boss. Because the only time you ever got to fight like
Scorpion or whatever was the, those were the boss sprites at the end of the game. So those, those
would be fun to find. So yeah, that was, that was the mod, I think, in my opinion. But also the map
making mod. You know, it was just, it was just a simple program that would bring up a 2D version
of the map and you would edit it to your heart's content. And good times. Questbuster says, it's
also amazing to see that people are still making mods for Wolfenstein 3D, even today. I wonder if
anybody, I'm surely somebody along the lines like remastered it for 4K and all this stuff.
I'd be very curious to see what that looks like. So, all right. Don't they have those versions on
like Steam though? Probably. Well, certainly Duke Nukem. Duke Nukem had it, so I don't see why not.
So, all right. Pretty sure that's already been out. I know, I just never thought to go look for it,
Loki, to be honest. All right, let's do some other segments here. Let's get into some rapid fire news
and quickly discuss some other news in the gaming industry. Loki. Hey, remember that Mortal Kombat
movie that came out last year? Well, they're making another one. Okay. Must've done well.
I never saw it. It did okay, I guess. It was all right. It wasn't too bad. Certainly not as campy
as the first series of Mortal Kombat movies, but it was all right. So, there'll be a new one coming
at some point, but that's pretty nice. And then speaking of new things coming,
we're not really ready for this considering the GPU shortages that we're running into right now,
but Crysis 4 has been announced. And this is coming out or the coming off shortly
that it leaked on Chinese social media, but now they officially announced that yes,
Crysis 4 project is confirmed and they are working on the game. When is it coming out?
No idea. Just an announcement. Just hurry up and wait. But your PCs are crying already.
All right. Dark soccer. So, Yacht Club Games is going to be doing a quote,
groundbreaking announcement on Tuesday, February 1st. It's a mega announcement. We don't know what
the mega announcement is, but they're making one. Good for them. They said a mega announcement,
so we'll see. And then Final Fantasy XIV. It's back on sale, except you can't get free trial
signups for right now, but you can do Steam, PlayStation, a Squinic store. You can pay for it,
but you can't test it out for free. No test drives. And there's a new patch, patch 6.08.
Which fixed the sound issues. I'm so happy. So happy. And the Oceanic data center opened as well.
And the cues, honestly, considering the server I play on, I think is one of the more popular ones,
not the most, but one of the more popular ones. My cues are usually not worse than 100.
So the cue problems, it's not a big deal to wait like three minutes and usually I'm up and getting
a glass of water or something anyway. So yeah, it's a lot of the issues that were there at the
expansion's launch are starting to subside a little bit, which is nice. We'll see what happens
when 6.1 rolls out and there's new content that has everybody coming back, but we'll see.
Hmm. We'll see is a very apt thing for most of the stuff that's going on right now, you know?
Yep. I'm really excited. That's all I can say. I'm really excited about the data center travel
stuff that's supposed to come out with the next patch too. So I finally get to play with people
I've never been able to play the game with because we're on different data centers. So that'll be
very exciting. I hope it works. I hope it works out. Okay. Let's take a moment to travel around
the world and check out some release dates. So if you don't feel like buying Final Fantasy 14,
since you can't do a free trial, maybe there's a different game you want to buy.
So let's see what's coming out around the world this week. And we'll start with the U S Loki.
We have the life is strange remastered collection coming out on PC, Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series and stadia and dying light to stay human
on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
And then finally, Maglam Lord on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four. That's it.
All right. Going to Japan, pretty slow week on the Nintendo switch. There's an English version
of the game farm together that is getting a Japanese release published by rainy frog,
but that is really the only thing on the switch this week. I'm going to guess that Pokemon legends
having just come out, probably kind of dominated the switch cycle there. But if you go to your
PlayStation five, you can check out dying light to stay human, uh, which is coming out on February
fourth. Uh, and that that's it for PlayStation five. I just want to check the four real quick
and see if they get any, they also get dying light, of course, dying light to excuse me and
the farm together game, but otherwise that's about it. I'm thinking, uh, Pokemon legends,
they figured would keep everybody busy for a week. So, uh, nothing, nothing else that exciting,
at least this week, dark soccer. How about the UK?
Uh, just, uh, only really three things coming out on the fourth, um, for PlayStation,
X-Box dying light to stay human deluxe edition and regular additional is like,
um, switch autobahn police simulator too. And then for PlayStation switch Maglam Lord.
Looks interesting. That's it. All right. Just a few more stories for you. And then we will open
our discord for calls. Uh, check out our discord server over at vog network.com slash discord.
Uh, we have a variety of chat channels where we can stay in touch throughout the week,
including a channel where some of you submit your stories for potential inclusion on OLR.
And I do, I do use that sometimes. Uh, we also, we have a brand new channel on the discord server
this week, uh, for, for all the dead celebrity posts, because things are getting a little
depressing because every day it was like somebody was dying and what just today we,
we had our first post in the new channel. Howard has been passed away, which is, you know,
if you ever watched reruns of WKRP in Cincinnati, you know, how Howard has been Johnny fever. Yep.
Um, and, uh, also he had another big, you know, he was the teacher and head of the class was the
other big role he had. Uh, and then of course I remember him from clue. He had an uncredited
cameo in clue or, well, he might've been in the credits, but like he wasn't advertised in the
movie. He was the chief of police at the end. Yeah. Our lives are in danger. You beat Nick.
He was the, he was the guy trying to, the kingdom of heaven is at hand, which I can,
I can recite the entire movie clue by memory. So don't try me. Uh, but yeah. No thanks. I just
need to, uh, powder my nose. All right. I played Mrs. Peacock in the last shadow cast,
which is why I said the line. That was, it's, it's one of the few times I've done drag,
but I'm going to say I was, I was a damn good drag queen. I was all of my makeup was done by
one of the local Kings. Uh, shout out to serve Vicks who, uh, made a, uh, which I love that name
by the way for a dragging, but, uh, shout out for making me as nice as I looked, but yeah,
that was a fun show. All right. Uh, let's do no longer Vic knives. Um, so as a performer,
they are cervix and as a craft maker and that they are Vic knives. So gotcha. Okay. Okay. Um,
going into some other news, Loki was starting off with a headline that I saw this and I thought it
was cute. Yeah. As, as if you couldn't love the developers of, uh, Joe danger and no man's sky
even more. Um, now five years ago, it was easy to hate them, but now, now you can't help but
love them now. Um, so Sean Murray had shared this letter DM that he got, uh, from a, a child's
father, um, basically saying I'm writing this letter on behalf of my son, Jack. Jack is eight
years old is about the sweetest kid on the planet and has been diagnosed with autism.
As you probably know, children with autism deal with a great many struggles chief among them are
great difficulty with social interactions. However, one of the things that has enabled
Jack and I to bond is our share and love of video games, specifically Joe danger, Jack loves Joe.
And so, uh, paraphrasing the issue is that they used to play it on iOS and the versions of Joe
danger that are out were out previously, um, were basically taken off of the app store because they
weren't compatible with the newer versions of iOS. So Sean Murray then, um, took it upon his
team to update Joe danger so that they could play it again on iOS. So that's what they did.
They put out a new version of Joe danger and, uh, well, so the, the two mobile versions of the game.
So, um, let's see, Joe danger touch and Joe danger infinity. And so those are now been updated
and I guess they did a remaster on as well. So all because of the letter that he received,
it's pretty awesome. Yeah. Never underestimate the power of speaking up. So, um, I think that's,
that's cool that they, yeah, I know, I know a lot of like flappy bird no longer works on iOS.
If somehow you still have that game. Cause they did, they did that. Um, I think it was like 32
bit apps have to be 64 bit apps. I may be wrong on that, but it was some sort of change. They made a
few years ago, honestly, and just apps that hadn't been touched in a while. And Joe danger was one of
them kind of fell into that void where they don't work anymore. Um, but I think it's really cool.
They went back and they used it as an opportunity to clean it up a little bit. Like, I think it runs
as a smoother frame right now. And it looks a little better. Um, if you never played Joe
dangerous, it's excite bike ish trials, one of those sorts of games. Uh, it's cute. It's,
it's nothing like no man's sky. So it's wild that it's like the same team. I still don't like this
person first language that they used to speak about people like me. A lot of us prefer just
to be called autistic people. I don't know. It's the kid's father. So that was the one that was
writing the letter. Um, but I should, uh, definitely check out the Joe danger updates
on the phone. Cause it sounds like it's, um, super cute. So, and again, never underestimate
the power of a voice and speaking up and, uh, you might, you might get, uh, developers take
a second look at what you're doing. Yeah. All right. Um, moving on, I think we're too dark.
So Sega is hanging up their arcade towel. It's not, they're, they're not doing the
arcade thing anymore. Um, they have finally, um, uh, so, uh, we'll announce their intention
to sell their remaining 14.9% share, uh, with its arcade division to Genda Inc., which is the
same company they have, uh, that has purchased the majority of, uh, Sega's other arcades back in 2020.
So this will mean Sega Sammy is out of the arcade business altogether. Um, and its remaining
locations aren't even using any type of Sega branding at all. Um, the remaining centers are
being rebranded as Gigo Entertainment. Um, a statement from their chairman, uh, it, uh,
basically says they're going to rebrand Sega's, uh, major Tokyo locations, um, Ikebukuro,
Akihabara, and Shinjuku, um, before they roll out nationwide branding. Um, for manufacturer,
uh, Sega is expected to continue to produce units of its current games for worldwide distribution,
but for arcade, running an arcade, owning arcades, it's, it's gone. I mean, and we know that they
closed, uh, closed down all the game works over here. So. Yeah. I thought it was interesting that
this is, it was like this almost the same week, not quite, but like just within the same breath,
you have game works and now, you know, Sega's arcade, um, physical locations, you know,
in Japan, that is interesting to me that that one, two punched. Yeah. I'm not surprised. Um,
I mean, I think that even with, I think that the harder hit on it came with the pandemic.
I think that had a thing to do with it, but arcades were kind of, I don't, I don't know.
I didn't see, I mean, I don't know what the arcade situation is like in Japan, but
anytime I find an arcade, like an actual arcade, it's a unicorn and I want to move in and,
and put it in a protective bubble and never let it go. Well, I, I feel, yes, yes, I do agree,
but I, I, this is somebody who worked at a bunch of arcades. No, I know. And I feel like those sort
of like strip mall or mall mall, eighties mall arcades. Yes. Are like that. But what I do,
what I see instead is now this Dave and Buster round one thing. And that's, you know, now that
if we want to talk about Sega making machines, I feel like round one is going to be the place where
you're going to see those. At least you're in this. I mean, Sega was never really, you know,
it wasn't the same thing as it was in Japan here. Um, but, uh, you know, like there, uh,
Sega's makes a ton of those claw machine games. Don't they? I almost positive. I see a ton of
those and round one is full of those. So, you know, and, and whatever else Sega dreams up in
that space, uh, in the, in the near future for actual physical arcade machines, as you kind of
pointed out. Uh, but yeah, it's, it's weird that like the multi-purpose entertainment space is
what's still here, but not the dedicated arcade. Like it's, it's dark soccer, you know what it is?
It's got to have a bar. That's that's how the arcade stays open. It's got to have a bar.
That's seems to be people want to drink and play games. I guess, but that's, that's how Dave and
bust. I mean, I back even, even hell when this show first started 20 years ago, you, me, Loki,
all the people that ran in our circle, we, it was a huge deal to go to Dave and busters over at the
great mall in San Jose. Cause you know, the Roosevelt one didn't exist yet. And it's kind
of sad anyway, but, uh, it used to be a big deal to go on that road trip and go over there and go
to Dave and busters. Cause we're going to play a Derby owners club and, and all this stuff today.
It was like a big deal. And now I, you know, there's closer Dave and busters and soon we
might finally have a fucking round one here at some point, some point supposedly this year. I
mean the theater finally opened over there, so we're just waiting, but well, they're probably,
honestly, they're probably waiting for this Omicron thing to, you know, start to subside
where people feel a little more comfortable about going out. And I know, I know that we're going to
have to deal with COVID for a very long time, but it's the whole, what is people come people's
comfort level of going out. Uh, and round one is probably going to open until people feel
comfortable. And I'm sure you're familiar with what happened to, what was it? The, uh, the drive-in
arcade. Remember that I came up on the tail end of the last show. I think they burned down.
Yeah, we talked about it. I got to say though, um, clever work around by them,
uh, not for the arcades sadly, but I heard that they, the theaters opened again and they have
food trucks. They get six or seven food trucks over there to take the place of the snack bar.
And I thought that was clever and I'm kind of surprised more drive-ins don't just do that
naturally. Yeah. So that's a good alternative. He has a good alternative. Somebody thought
outside the box of that. Good job. Okay. Um, anyway, so, um, yeah. And, uh, uh, DJ
Roma S in our chat is talking about, Hey, Sega wasn't really in the arcade business. They paid
to have their name up on the arcades. G-Joe is the G-Go, Geigo is the company that basically
ran all the arcades and whatnot. Yeah. But it's still, I mean, it's still something to see a name
like Sega front and center now coming down off the window. You know what I mean? It's a, it's
certain changing of the guard that still makes us a little bit sad. Just like when they stopped
making hardware. So, Oh, Oh no, I know. I know the other one that makes me sad when their logo came
down at that building right off I 80 in San Francisco, right where I 80 starts in San Francisco.
When that was Zinga, it's still, I think it's still a Zinga. Yeah. So yeah, it used to be the
Sega building. That was, that's the closest thing I can think of Rama. It was sad to see their logo
come down and a different one go up. So a pistol pocket says, I like what Geigo is an acronym for
get into gaming Oasis. See, I always, I always thought Geigo was garbage in garbage out. And
that's something you learn in programming very early on, but yes, get into gaming Oasis.
All right. Let's move on a few more stories. I think we're back to Loki.
All right. So this is another example of memes becoming games and joy. We have one now with
steamed hams being its own point and click adventure experience. For those who,
I can't imagine anybody that's not familiar with the steamed hams thing from the Simpsons.
Now you can play it Allah, you know, data tentacle monkey Island or something like that.
I don't know it. What's the, I don't know the meme. You don't know the meme. Okay.
So it's a principal Skinner is making dinner for superintendent Chalmers and he is cooking a roast
and then it burns in his oven. So then he's constantly trying to trick Chalmers into thinking
that nothing is going wrong. So first he comes in and he's like, Oh, what's all that smoke?
He's like, that's not smoke that steam steam from the steam clams.
And then, so he decides to go across the street to Krusty burger and get hamburgers.
They brings it back in and pretends that the hamburgers are his own creation.
And he feeds it to them and basically said, well, wait a second. I thought you said we're having
steam cleansing. No, not steam claims, deemed hams. It's a New York dial area. It's a New York
dialect. We, I feel like that's been a plot in every sitcom at some point, but okay. I,
that's cute. It's funny. Yeah. Yeah. It gets, it gets even more ridiculous because their
house is burning down and he's like, what is that? You know, in there, he's like,
uh, that's the Aurora Borealis. And they're like this time of year in this part of the planet
localized in your kitchen. That's fun. Yes. Can I see it? No, it's, it's stupid.
So I'm assuming this game has about as much depth as the point and click adventure game.
Don't shit your pants, right? Is that it? Yeah, it's, it's very, it's very short. Obviously
it's just that bit. They added a few more dialogue pieces there from other episodes of the Simpsons
to get in there, but apparently the, um, the writer of that episode, the Simpsons, Greg
Daniels, um, thought is hilarious on Twitter. So, um, go, yeah, go check it out. All right.
Thank you. Thank you for explaining the meme to my old ass. I appreciate it.
All right. And last but not least tonight, something that, uh, Jason was teasing at the
top of the show, uh, the Oculus quest no longer called the Oculus quest. It's now the meta quest
because of course we know that Facebook has rebranded things. Uh, so if you own an Oculus
quest, guess what? Not anymore. It's now the meta quest. I don't know what else to say besides that.
And how we feel about that name change, but there it is.
I still refuse to call it meta. Sorry. I will, I will only call meta world peace meta. I'm not
going to call this company meta. It's just, I feel, yeah, but I guess, I guess now we have
to actually call it the meta quest or talking about certain VR headsets. Here's that, uh,
see a Tiberian chat says, ironically, meta isn't self-aware enough to understand it.
True. It's just called the device, the muscle that give you the meta muscle.
Oh, that's funny. All right. Let's get to the listener round table. Every week we invite your
emails, your calls on discord over at vog network.com slash discord and any other comments
or things you'd like us to discuss in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network. We do
invite your emails every week. Participate at orange lounge radio.com, but I believe dark
soccer has reported that she found dust and not much else in the mailbag. Correct.
Anybody? No dust. Anybody? No dust. Anybody? No dust. Uh, yeah. Participate
at orange on trader.com is the place to send your emails. I can't even talk about drag race because
I have, I admittedly haven't been watching the season really outside of just a, just the little
clips I see on social media. What are we left to do? Uh, anyway, um, jacket talk.
Okay. I haven't seen that show. Okay. Okay. I will. Okay. And I don't see calls in the discord
either. You want me to talk about it? No, I was just saying what TV shows should I be watching
then? Cause I, I see all this about yellow jackets. That one I see for euphoria. So there's
this clip going around the internet of the girl that's like in the dress and someone thinks she's
in the play Oklahoma and she just fucking loses it on people. And I was like, is that what high
school is now? I guess. Um, it's, it's wild, but like there's all these shows and I'm so uncool
cause I don't watch any of them. My wife made me watch yellow jackets. It was all right. Yeah.
That's the one Christina Ricci's in, right? Yes. She does not look like herself.
She's a little bit older now. She's not as old as she was when she played Wednesday. She's,
she's blonde in the show. So it's like, she looks like somebody else, but like, um,
she reminds me of not Amy Poehler. She reminds me of like, there's another SNL
actress that was on there that she kind of resembles, but I don't remember Kate McKinnon.
Maybe. I don't know. But like, yeah, she's, she's good on the show. I mean,
there it's, it's an interesting series. It's kind of like, um, you know, it's, uh, it's like,
almost like a survival drama, like a teen drama and then like a little bit supernatural stuff.
So it's a little bit lost-ish I guess. Although I say that with,
out having any context of what loss was like. Um, it's all right. I like it.
Um, question in chat, uh, from E3VL who asks, anyone see the Halo HBO trailer released today?
I believe it's actually Paramount Plus. Paramount Plus and it looks awesome.
Yeah. I don't care. I, I did see the trailer actually. Uh, I wasn't watching the football game,
but of course it was everywhere on the internet right after that. Um, it looks interesting,
but I feel like it's another TV show I will intend to watch and then never get around to it.
Um, but it looked, it looked interesting. I saw that they had Halo in, uh, Boba Fett.
Really? Uh, a whole area looked like a combination of Halo and the Citadel from Mass Effect.
Oh, inspired. I get it. Okay. Uh, Tiger Claw says the Halo TV series looks like it should be good.
Don't expect it to follow the same continuity of the games. They said it's an alternate timeline
that's adjacent to the games. Yeah. I got that vibe from the trailer. Yeah, I wouldn't. Yeah.
Just go in expecting a TV show and cause that's what you're going to get. Um, yeah, I, I, I guess
I should try to watch stuff on TV, but I, I tend to watch a lot of like Twitch streaming and then
I'm playing video games and, you know, forcing myself to watch the book of Boba Fett. It's so
good. I heard Boba Fett's not even in it half the time. No, no, no, no, no, no. He is in this one.
There's just the last episode he wasn't in it, but like, okay. The Mandalorian's all right,
but the book of Boba Fett's been kind of, I don't know. It's been awesome. I don't know what you're
talking about. It's been great. Okay. You got to watch the earlier seasons and the Mandalorian
compare like the action, the story elements. I have seen them both. It's a different kind of
story. And I think they're both equally good. I don't know. It's my opinion is right for me.
It's it's, it's odd that the, the best episode of the season is the one that he's not in. I don't
know. Well, I will admit that last episode was the best of the season, but I vastly enjoyed the
rest of it because I like the culture being built up the expansion of the world. And I think that
is absolutely fascinating. Plus, I mean, Ming Nao Wen is in it, so.
No. And I, I agree. I like, I like the expansion, the universe and the showing like different,
you know, side solid stuff. I like all that. It's just like, they have a lot of really weak,
they have some really weak characters. The Wookie is awesome. He's going to be my daddy.
I have to admit, I let, I cut my Disney plus loose. I let it go. I canceled it.
The, the, the, I know this when I do watch TV, if I watch anything, honestly,
this is so weird. I can't believe I'm going to say this. I, I really use Paramount plus more
than anything else, which is wild. I never thought I'd say that, but it is what it is.
So, but you know, I like a lot of reality trash TV shows and they're all on there and I've got,
I will, I will give credit where credit's due to Paramount plus they're starting to bring in the
international versions. Like I have been watching in the background, not a lot, but a little bit of
Australian survivor, which I'm starting to realize is superior to the one we have here.
It truly is like the way it's cinematically shot and told is incredible. So it's,
it's neat that they have that. Cause like, yeah, I love that they, they have different versions
of stuff. So yeah. And I need, I need to watch, I'm so far behind on Trek, which by the way,
I guess that Star Trek cruise that I went on a couple of years ago, right before the pandemic,
I guess they are going again this year because, uh, our friend, um, captain Matt from the former
store starboard power coupling show is going and was like, do you want to go there? He's like,
do you want to go? There's rooms available. And I'm like, not with the house. And I I'm,
I'm not quite at that. I know I've done some risky things, not quite at that comfort level yet,
but I hope everything works out, you know, it's not, it's still a month away. So there's still
a month, but, um, yeah, I just thought it was screening people at the gate. They,
I believe they are, um, like rapid tests on site. I actually believe vaccination and rapid testing
is a thing. Um, good. I I'm pretty sure. Um, but I, I saw a bunch of like, there was some
gay cruise that happened and people were packed in there. Let me tell you. And I guess they had
similar protocol and wasn't, didn't, didn't spread it. So precautions work. How about that?
So, uh, Bobby Blackwell says the rapid test for norovirus.
Bobby Blackwell says if they're in Florida, they can't lol against the law. I think they found a
way around it. I think you be, Oh, also it's a private company putting it on the private
company rented the boat. There's something they did to get around it. Um, and I, I know they had,
they have to log onto a website and put some of their paperwork on there beforehand or the
private company won't let them go. So I think that's how they're getting around it somehow.
And yeah, maybe, yeah, maybe they're testing on the boat or something. I don't know.
Anyway, but I don't know, cause I'm not going. Um, but I thought it was interesting that that
is coming up because somebody brought up Star Trek. I'd love to go next year if, you know,
assuming that, you know, COVID is more endemic and manageable and, um, that, uh, you know,
the, the money situation is good and all that stuff. I'd love to consider going again. I had
the best time, um, before, you know, literally the week before the, everything went to shit here.
So I'd love that. Oh, all right. Um, well, if there's nothing else, I think we will move to
wrap up the show. Uh, actually wait, I should check in with Loki and see if there's any last
minute stories. Yes. Let's talk about our favorite topic. NFTs.
Um, so apparently there was an NFT thing called block verse that launched that they sold an
estimated $1.2 million worth of NFTs, about 10,000 of them. And they were basically like
Minecraft skins, I guess. Oh yeah. There was some issue with it. Like, I don't know why they took
them down, but apparently they took them down at some point. And so now they're not accessible
anymore. So you dropped all your money and you don't even have the crappy picture to look at.
So you mean when things exist in a decentralized space, there's criminal activity and people that
don't follow through that exist. You mean in the wild, wild West, there were people that didn't
follow the rule of law. Yeah. Oh my God. People are doing shitty things to steal other people's
money on my internet. Yep. So, um,
that's unfortunate. Like I said, you know, these skins even look terrible too. Just, um,
you know, about the same amount of effort that, you know, was put into
the, the yacht club apes or whatever. Um, just, I don't know. It looks procedurally generated.
Bobby Blackwell and chat says they didn't break the law. Well, you know what? In the wild,
wild West, I am the law and they broke me. Technically, technically you still own that
link to the image. It's just that link to the image doesn't go anywhere. Technically,
you got what you paid for just, you know, you got your little certificate.
All right. No, nothing happier to end on Loki. Uh, no. Damn you. All right. That's all right.
All right. Well, we'll try to get some happy final thoughts. Maybe, uh, we're going to go around,
but first, uh, before I get everyone's final thought, I'm going to say thank you as always
for tuning into orange launch radio, whether you were here live with us on Twitch on this lovely
Sunday evening, uh, or you're listening to us on the podcast feed at some point throughout the
week. Thank you for being a part of our little family here at orange launch radio. Thank you
for being part of the show and keeping us going for the last 20 years and over 900 episodes.
Now, you know, I can make that joke. It's over 900. I can do this. Wait till we get to 9,000.
Um, I am the law. All right. Anyway, uh, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange
launch radio, spread the word, help us spread the word, uh, because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices here. So tell a friend or two. Um,
even if you hated the show, I'd be surprised you got to this point if you hated the show, but Hey,
some people hate watch things. What if I may say so for anyone who is here for the live show,
make sure you host because that improves our algorithm.
Yes. And sadly, auto hosts don't work anymore for whatever reason, uh, get better TTV,
have it add the host button and you click the host button and you're done.
Phil of nine and chat says, congrats on 9,000 episodes. Well, I trust him. He has a nine in
his name. So I think we, uh, clearly Phil is the expert on nines dress to the nines
comments to the nines nines, nines, nines across the board. All right. Anyway,
uh, thank you. A 10 is speaking.
Jamie suddenly rolls a new chat name. Jamie of 10.
That's when Bobby shows up with Bobby of 11. Wait. All right.
90,000 cookies is what you get after going on wish.
All right. Um, thank you again as always for being here. Thank you. Help us spread the word.
Uh, our discord server, vog network.com slash discord. Uh, I don't know what else to plug,
so I'm just going to turn it over to final thoughts. Dark Sakura. I know you're, uh,
going off to do your, um, killing and stabbings and all that stuff on dead by daylight.
What is your final thought tonight? Um, I need three other people to play with me tonight so
that I can be convinced to get my Michaela adept. If not, then I'm just going to stab people.
Ooh, I'm, I'm almost tempted if I didn't actually have things I need to do before work tomorrow.
How very dare you, but hit me up during the week. If you change, if you decide to try again,
well, I've got new days off now. All right. I'll be waiting. All right. Take care.
All right. And we will go, we will go to Loki for your final thought.
Uh, my final thought is I hope this cold goes away.
Me too. Being sick is no fun. Um, my final thought is that I have my first
a one C check since all this diabetes stuff started a few months ago tomorrow.
So everybody send good vibes. No way. I'm not ex I mean, I check my blood sugar. I know pretty
much where I stand. Uh, I'm expecting the news to be good, but I want the news to be really good.
So I will take your, uh, vibes and good juju and all that stuff. So appreciate that.
Uh, and that's really it. Otherwise, I can't wait to do this again in seven days. I can't wait to
be in my new place. Uh, I can't believe it's less than a month away at this point. Today is
officially the 30 day notice. Uh, although we told our current landlord a couple of weeks ago, just
to be nice. Um, but yeah, I can't believe it. Very, very close. All right. That's it. We're done.
We're wrapping up. We're out of here. Uh, thank you for watching. Thank you for being a part of
the show. Happy gaming everyone. And we will see you next week. Good night. You've been listening
to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live
show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM. Pacific 9 PM. Eastern the views and
opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of
orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
