This week, I updated my Steam profile's featured screenshots to include a grab from
Electronic Superjoy that had a character saying, what's Zynga's favorite TV show?
Game of Clones!
Today, I see that Zynga is being acquired by Take-Two.
I hope the copycat Bonanza and acquisition of Sega's famed San Francisco headquarters
created a lot of value for shareholders.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back, and I hope we are back for a nice, long show
tonight with episode number 899.
For this January the 16th of 2022, our first, hopefully, real show of the year.
No medical issues, no internet issues, knock on wood, no weather issues, knock on wood,
knock on everything.
I am here, Rob Roberts, joining you with my co-host.
Say hello, as always, to the wonderful Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, Jamie Summers.
And Jamie, please join me in giving props to our voiceover dude, VX Jason XV, because
he did an A-plus job tonight, I'm just saying.
He does great work.
He did.
He does.
He does.
How are you doing?
I'm all right.
Yeah?
All right.
A little sinacy.
Yeah, I can hear you a little sniffly.
It's not the big C, though, right?
I don't know.
Probably not.
All right.
I mean, I just started feeling a little bit crappy a couple days ago, but it's okay.
Okay.
I'm supposed to go back to work on the 19th, but we'll see.
All right.
Well, I hope everything gets back to normal for you.
Hey, the 19th.
That's a big day for me.
Oh, no, no.
No, no, yeah, this is the 19th.
Sorry, my days are all mixed up.
It is our anniversary of the 19th.
Yes.
In my head, I was like, the 17th.
No, wait, wait, no, the 19th.
All right.
Wednesday.
Yes.
The internet might work.
My brain may not.
Also, say hello.
Oh, Rob.
Oh, me.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
I see you broadcasting a game play behind you because we do tape live every Sunday night
at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
VOG Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, 9 Eastern, 6 Pacific.
And I see as we are broadcasting live here, you're playing some Mario Paint behind you.
Yeah.
Like earlier this week, I had like a game that came up and I was like, oh, yeah, I got
to do that for my background video.
And then today immediately forgot what that was.
So that's Mario Paint.
I'm like, oh, that would be perfect.
That would totally fit in with everything that we're talking about.
And then it's Mario Paint.
It is.
I'm going to our chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SSU 100 Matt points out maybe part of my confusion, like the 17th being an important day.
That is what would have been Betty White's 100th birthday.
And SSU 100 Matt is reminding us the internet is calling for folks to donate to an animal
charity in her name tomorrow.
Love that idea.
Love it.
So I'm considering going to my PetSmart tomorrow and buying some bags of cat food for the kitties
that they house.
Oh, OK.
Nice.
We'll see.
Nice.
Nice.
All right.
Well, he's going there and harassing the cats.
Before we get into our kickoff topic tonight, I do want to address last week's show.
There's no nice way to say it.
It was a disaster.
It was just one of those things.
It was it was an awful week.
And you know, you do 900 shows as of next week.
There's going to be a few stinkers in there.
And it just sucks that a lot of it was out of our control.
And you know, it is what it is.
I apologize to the podcast folks because I didn't get the podcast up till really late
in the week.
My upload was still borked for several days after the show.
And that's what that's what was wrong is that my upload speed was, for whatever reason,
not working right.
I was getting like half a megabyte upload, which to get video out on Twitch, you need
like four K, five K, even like low video.
You need like two K. And I wasn't even getting that for upload.
So it really kind of hosed the show.
And then Dark Sakura was having webcam problems.
But honestly, those problems didn't really end up mattering because, uh oh, I think I
jinxed it because now she's got to plug it in.
I okay.
I didn't have to plug in anything.
I was adjusting it and turned on my lock screen.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Because I use my iPhone as my webcam.
I was like, oh, no, not again.
Yeah.
And I appreciate you guys in chat.
Dark Tetsuya says not your fault.
Pod Culture says not your fault.
Shit happens.
I know.
I know.
Continuing the theme tonight, because Bobby Black Wolf was beating up on himself earlier
for things during awesome games done quick, which there's no need to be awesome games
done quick was awesome games done quickly.
And they raised a lot of money, which we'll talk about later in the show, of course.
But now I beat myself up over issues that were out of my control and is what it is.
So finally they and of course, you know, I I filed a ticket and they wanted to send a
tech out here, but they didn't need to because somebody else figured out the problem.
So I had to cancel the tech because the problem just magically fixed itself on like Wednesday
or Thursday.
So anyway, I did run a bandwidth test before the show tonight.
We were able to maintain for 10 minutes.
So I'm hoping all is well.
It is what it is.
We're just going to push through and talk about video games.
All right.
Tested mine to make sure it's good.
Yes.
We're all testing.
So my upload is about 40 megabits.
So I'm happy.
Welcome to our real first show of 2022.
And Loki, you're feeling good, right?
Hopefully I'm fine.
Good.
Welcome to our first show of 2022.
Let's get into, of course, talking about what better thing to talk about for our first show
for 2022 than to go back and talk about 2021.
But I received a tweet this week that was like, hey, Rob, you guys going to talk about
your games of the year?
And I was like, oh, yeah, that was a that's a thing we should probably talk about around
this time.
So I want to open the floor and talk about what were your favorite, what was your favorite
game or your favorite games?
I'm not going to be very formal about it.
And I'll get into why when I get into my game.
But I just want to ask you, like, what were your like game or games of the year for 2021?
My game didn't come out last year.
And that's OK.
And I think this is a very important rule to set is that it's it's the game for you.
And no, but nobody can say that's right or wrong.
People can argue about critic lists all they want and like the definitive top hundred of
all time because everybody's list is going to be different.
So it's really like, what was it for you?
So Dark Soccer, since you kind of started there and you're saying it's not something
from this year, what is your game of the year or games?
I am going to say it's Dead by Daylight just because I played the most of it and I've had
the most fun playing it and I've met the best people playing it.
So the game overall has been.
Great for me, even though it makes me curse like a freaking sailor, you know, but I've
had a great time playing it and the game itself is different than, you know, the.
The original release of it, obviously, I mean, they've made some changes and there's graphic
updates and even the mechanics in the game are different than they were, you know, on
its original release.
So yeah, I'm going to say say that and Fantasian.
See I was I thought you'd say Fantasian.
I mean, no one is surprised to hear Dead by Daylight.
Nobody is surprised to hear that.
I'm sure like I just knowing you like that game, I feel like has been transformative
for your online presence.
And I mean that as a compliment, like like you're you're motivated on Twitch in a way
I've never seen you before.
You're not.
I got bullied off Twitch before.
Yeah.
And people are idiots.
And but I'm glad you got back on the horse.
And maybe we have other, you know, women, other people of color, other trans folks.
I'm calling out the marginalized folks out there.
I think maybe we have a lot of them to thank for, you know, putting up with a lot of the
bullshit and make taking a hold of this platform and saying, we're not letting go.
We're not going anywhere.
Our voices are going to be heard, come together like no other.
And it's transferring over to VHS.
Yeah.
Which, you know, I actually messaged the VHS devs because I mean, that's another one that
I would love to play.
It looks like a lot of fun.
I've been enjoying watching my friends play it and a little bit jealous.
But that one also just looks like it's super fun.
The community has been really supportive.
I haven't had the degree of toxicity.
I haven't noticed it.
Amongst some of the player base.
Then again, it is, you know, it's in a beta, a closed beta.
But I would even put that as like, if I had to say something that came out quote, because,
you know, it was in beta at the end of the year.
I'd say VHS would probably be up there in the new game category, even though I haven't
played it.
It looks like it's a lot of fun.
Very 80s-tastic.
Yeah.
I've, I've, I've watched some of the streamers you and I both watch because we're always
watching the same person.
It seems play that game.
Well, I think that some of our mutual friends have just thought it was hilarious by now
that we kind of read about it.
I'm sure.
I get VHS yet, like the play of it, but it's, it's because I just, I need to play it until
I like really understand it.
It's just, yeah, whatever.
The thing is, is it's, you're crafting stun weapons or kill weapons and the teens are
stuck in like a teen movie with one of them turning into the monster.
I love the aesthetic.
I love the aesthetic.
The teens have to kill the monster or the monster kills the teens.
So this is a game where you fight back.
And apparently the communication is definitely the key in this game.
Like way much more because in Dead by Daylight, you can sort of like, if you're solo queue,
you can sort of just, you know, fuck around and do your own thing and maybe still make
it out of the game.
But I've noticed in VHS, if there's not communication, if one falls, all fall.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that's kind of my take on it.
But I've, I did actually reach out to the, on their Twitter to see if there were any
plans for a Mac release or if it runs in Windows ARM, because I'm running Windows 11 ARM in
Parallels and there's still some games that, that won't play on it.
And I'm actually really irritated at the anti-cheat that Dead by Daylight uses because the anti-cheat
doesn't run in an ARM environment, but Dead by Daylight does.
And when I try to run the game without the anti-cheat, it tells me I'm not connected
to Steam.
Right.
Right.
So, and I haven't been able to figure any way around it so I can actually play it on
Steam instead, but honestly enough, I'm still pretty happy with Stadia.
There's just been, I've found, you know, a few games since I've just got really, I got
a little bit bored with Dead by Daylight and started trying to stream some other stuff
and Cyberpunk 2077 is actually not really to my liking.
I don't like first person games.
I saw you playing something really random the other night.
I can't remember what it was.
Demons Tilt?
No, it was something else.
Oh, Muse Dash.
Yeah, I saw you playing Muse Dash.
I love Muse Dash.
Muse Dash is pretty fun and really simple, but I'm also playing it on my iPhone so I
don't always want to, it's a little bit interesting to play like through Steam, but it's fun.
Don't get me wrong.
I love the music in it.
But I'm also, though, I'd have to say that like the best RPG that I have played in the
last several years, though, I'm going to put Fantasian up on that list because the story
is really good.
I've made it through a lot of combat for the game really easily, but the boss battles are
harder than advertised.
It's definitely something that you're going to have to redo your growth path in the game.
Like you can actually channel your skill points into different skills on a branching tree.
And I've actually had to go in and redo entire sets of them for some of the battles in the
game.
Like there's one that I have to take all of, I have counter on most of the characters because
typically having counter is really good, it's extra attack, but I had to turn off counter
for all of this one battle because if you hit one of the little sub creatures, it causes
a chain reaction to make all of them explode and then it will kill you.
So you have to do this like vacuum skill that sucks them all off to the side so that you
don't accidentally hit one when you hit the main baddie because some people have piercing
attacks that will go through lines of characters.
And the way that you can chain and pierce your attacks, it is so unique.
Not to mention the backgrounds and the levels are all hand-built diorama.
So there's a lot of care that went into that game and it's a care I haven't seen in a game
in quite some time.
So I'm pretty happy with it.
You're not the first to really rave about that game.
One of my other friends says that that's his favorite game of the entire year too, who
plays a lot of RPGs.
So I really trust his opinion.
Not that I don't trust yours, but I just seeing it in multiple places when I don't think a
ton of people are playing that game because it is limited to Apple Arcade right now.
And I'm not sure.
You can play it on your iPhone.
Oh yeah, I know, but I'm not sure a lot of people are exploring that.
Actually I'll just go ahead and say this right now.
You can use my Apple Arcade subscription on the, uh, on the, uh, uh, OLR account.
I'll get around to it eventually.
My backlog is gigantic.
That's just one of many games sitting in my backlog right now.
This has superseded a lot of different games that I've acquired.
I get it.
Um, although I did buy battle of the gods.
It's by the same people that do battle of the animals.
Hmm.
Um, you can play Jesus versus Santa Claus.
It's very sacrilegious and I'm kind of, I'm kind of like, I don't believe in disrespecting
faiths, but at the same time, you know, the old, uh, Southern Baptist, sorry, there's
something flying around.
There's the old Southern Baptist in me.
That's just sort of like getting a kick at knocking, you know, all right.
Sorry.
Not, not knocking Midna.
She just jumped down and made a noise, but, but you know what I mean?
That's God telling you to watch it.
Cat, stop it.
All right.
She's okay.
Sorry.
She's, she's getting into stuff.
Let me, uh, let me go over to Loki and it, cause I, I actually have no idea what Loki's
going to answer this with.
Uh, so I'm, I'm super curious, uh, your game or games of the year.
Loki.
Oh, my, my games.
Um, well, I didn't play that many this year, so, um, I mean, I guess if I can do like a
top three or something, uh, we can do power washing SIM cause that's, that's awesome.
That's, that's a pick that was going through my head too.
Absolutely.
So yeah, power washing simulator, uh, hotshots racing, pretty cool.
Yep.
Uh, that was pretty solid racing game.
Um, I mean, obviously Minecraft and my game.
Sure.
I was, I was going to put pixel poops number two on my list, but then it was like conflict
of interest.
What?
It's fine.
Ethics.
What?
All right.
And that's probably like the only games that I, I played this year.
So that's, I mean, that's going to be it.
Um, for me, um, so I have kind of like three different answers.
It's not a top three, but the three different mindsets I've been in and approaching this
question.
And at first I was like, all right, if I'm going to just do the traditional pick, I mean,
I also, I kind of feel like Loki, I haven't played a lot, a lot of games this year.
That doesn't mean I, I dislike gaming or I should be unqualified from talking about video
gaming.
I just feel like a lot of the old standbys, a lot of the gold classics have really carried
me through this year and I haven't been very adventurous exploring a lot of new titles.
Um, and I think there's a lot of factors that play into that and that's just the way it
is that made up my year.
It doesn't make me any less of a gaming fan just because I'm playing classics.
Um, but I think, you know, if I were to take this question from a traditional perspective,
I'd probably say, eh, probably Forza Horizon 5, you know, it was a game I was super hyped
about, loved Forza Horizon 4, Forza Horizon 5 is like more of the same and is that a bad
thing?
Absolutely not.
There's so much to see and do in that game.
It's great.
But the more I kind of thought about it, like honestly, I was, I was totally prepared to
come into the show tonight and give the big spiel about why I think the, the 2022 game
of the year.
I mean, there's, there's been a lot of not, excuse me, the 2021 game of the year that
we're talking about in 2022.
Um, I honestly think there's been a lot of stuff this year that's not great about gaming.
Um, from the technical and logistical perspective of, I still can't go into target and get a
PlayStation five.
These things are still being scalped.
Same thing with series X series S I guess is getting a little bit easier.
I mean, you can buy those on Woot now, but you know, for the most part, the next generation
of gaming is still inaccessible for a lot of people.
And you put on top of that, the fact that, um, there's been a lot of bullshit in our
industry that's really floated to the top, um, this year between what's going on with
Activision blizzard, Ubisoft.
I mean, we talked about it weeks and weeks on the show and the reckoning needed to happen.
But the fact that a lot of this bullshit is still out there and exacerbated by the fact
that Bobby Kotick is still the CEO of Activision for some stupid reason.
Um, I honestly was ready to walk in here tonight and say, I think the game of the year for
2021 is nothing.
And I think for the 20 years we've been doing this show, I think I probably would be fully
justified in saying, I think this year, more than any other, nothing deserves to be the
game of the year.
Um, and it's not to say that every game that came out there year was bad.
That's not what I'm saying, but I'm just saying our industry is, is not in a great point.
And there was nothing that really grabbed me away from the old reliables, the old comfort
foods.
And I'm not sure 2021 was very successful in pushing things forward in the industry.
In fact, it felt like a step backwards.
So in a way, honestly, in many ways, my answer is 2021's game of the year is nothing.
Um, but then I, I really, really, really, really, really thought about it and I've kind
of thought about, okay, if this is supposed to be my game of the year and me and the things
I've been going through and the things that I like, and a lot of the stuff that has been
very important to me in my journey with a lot of the health issues I've talked about,
um, in the past couple months, cause it really has been just the past few months and so forth.
I think I've landed on that my personal game of the year is Pikmin Bloom, um, which probably
isn't that surprising.
I've always been a shill of some sorts for Niantic games just because I've really enjoyed
things like Ingress, um, Pokemon Go.
Um, heck, I played that Harry Potter game when it first came out before, you know, You
Know Who was all over Twitter and we're not going to go there.
Uh, I really was looking forward to the Catan, uh, and there are other releases.
So, um, yeah, sure.
Of course, there's always going to be that element of, and even non Niantic things like
Orna.
Um, I've always been super into like the GPS phone games, but I think Pikmin, while still
having a ways to go and making that game better and a more, um, quality product, I think there's
some game balance, some serious game balance issues and shop, uh, micro transaction balance
issues the game has to address.
And it's, it's really echoing a lot of the same stuff that's all over Reddit and all
of that.
But I think what the game has done very well is very well is it's done a very good job
incentivizing walking without making it feel like too much, because let's be real in Ingress.
A lot of people don't walk most of those portals and things that you got, you don't really
walk to them.
People are using their cars, their drive-bys.
So yes, some portals are harder to get to than others and you have to walk to get them.
Sure.
Um, but you know, and I, I spent, especially those darn ones behind, you know, locked gates
and property.
I'm just saying, and I've spent more hours than, um, than not, uh, you know, playing
Ingress probably, you know, so far, I'm not like knocking the game, but it's just, I,
you don't really walk and get exercise playing that game.
Um, Pokemon Go, same thing.
It's a lot of drive-bys.
It's a lot of, you know, that sort of thing in your car, catching Pokemon and maybe community
days kind of get you out walking around.
But even then there's a lot of stop, catch, go, stop, catch, go, stop, catch, go, right?
Like Pokemon isn't really about the fitness for a lot of people.
I think Pikmin has found that really good balance where you set it, forget it and move
to get your rewards.
And again, I don't think the game is perfect, but I'm just saying that I've walked a half
a million steps in the last couple months.
And this is the time more than anything I've needed incentive to keep me good and keep
me on this track I've been on and Pikmin Bloom's been able to do that for me.
So I think in many ways, the game is probably like the right place at the right time sort
of thing, but I'm not going to apologize for the fact that those factors make it my favorite
game of the year.
So that's my answer.
Looking at some comments in chat, Tiger Claw says, give it to Nintendo.
What about Metroid Dread?
I did give it to Nintendo.
I love Metroid.
I haven't finished Dread yet because I had some pain playing it.
The control issues in that game, hold it back from being number one for me a little bit.
Adris in chat says Endwalker for me.
Great answer.
I love Endwalker.
I love Final Fantasy 14.
I hate the sound issues that still aren't fixed.
Hopefully they're supposed to be in the next patch.
I hate the cue issues that have arisen.
I still love Endwalker.
I still love Final Fantasy 14, but I'm not sure I felt as good about it as I did Shadow
Bringers, which was in my top three the year that came out.
And Black Compat in chat.
Hi there.
I hope everybody's following your channel, by the way.
Black Compat says Ubi, Acti, Bungie.
So much Kaka duty going on in the industry.
Absolutely.
And that's why I think in many ways, like the maybe the game of the year, I know I said
nothing, but maybe the game of the year needs to be the workers, the frontline workers,
the people that need the credit and do the work for what's going on.
And I'm not sure exactly how to articulate that, because I know nothing sounds like a
big negative, but I think I say that more like the industry kind of needs to take a
look at itself sort of thing.
That makes sense.
I don't know.
Anyway.
OK.
So that was looking backward.
Let's look forward.
What do we predict?
Now we're not in person, so I don't have the little robot and all that stuff, but we can
always make a clip out of this Darth Vader 10 and revisit it later of our 2022 predictions.
So I'm curious, what do you guys think is going to happen in the industry in 2022?
Do you have any safe predictions or outrageous predictions?
What are your guesses?
So Dark Sakura, I'll start with you again.
What is one prediction you have about the games industry for 2022?
As much as I hate it, they are still going to try to pull this NFT bullshit.
The NFT bullshit is not going to slow down.
Interesting.
Because I know we have a story coming up on that later.
We do.
That indicates companies don't learn.
Interesting.
OK.
I think that they're going to find some other way to make it attractive or just do it anyway.
And people are going to want to play certain things.
You're going to do it with the with the irresistible title.
I think there is something to that.
And I tend to agree that they're going to force the narrative to be NFTs are a success
because they're going to tie it to something that's not going to fail.
They're going to tie it to make it sound like they're spending their in-game currency.
Yes.
To buy a thing.
Yes.
But they have to spend money to buy their in-game currency.
And they will own this thing, yes, because it is an NFT, but it has in the end cost actual
money for them to acquire the points to buy the item.
And as far as they know, it's in game.
It's an in-game item.
They'll tie.
They're going to make it entirely deceptive.
They'll tie FIFA packs to NFTs or something like that and say, oh, look at what a success
NFTs are when it's like people weren't buying it for that.
They're buying it for other stuff.
Right.
So that's where I think it's going to go.
OK.
It's going to have to become a deceptive practice.
Just kind of like how loot crates, you know, were a fairly deceptive practice.
All right.
I get it.
I'm with you there.
I kind of agree with that one.
Loki, what about one of yours?
Bobby Kotick is still going to be CEO of Activision Blizzard and he's going to even receive more
money this year.
I hate that.
I hate it.
I don't disagree.
It's ridiculous for me.
Let's see.
I'm going to predict.
If Loki is going to take a safe one, I'm going to play a safe one, too.
I think there will be a new Xbox series underscore for the holiday.
I think this latest Xbox thing was kind of designed to do that, where they're going to
release another thing in the series line is kind of like maybe the Xbox Pro or something
like that.
I don't know.
But I think I think that would be a thing.
I predict there's going to be an Xbox series.
Why or something this year?
I'll say X-Box series, double X, the Xbox series, triple X. All right.
Any more anyone wants to throw out there?
I'll open this up to our chatters as well.
I don't know.
Like, it's just it's the same disappointment all year round.
S.S.G.A. 100 Matt says, will you be able to go into a store and get a PlayStation 5 this
year?
No.
No.
I think we're I think it'll still go the whole way to and I think that the VR thing
is going to have the same problem.
And I also think this is why and I'm going to say no Nintendo Switch upgrade this year
or well, no major Nintendo Switch upgrade this year.
They'll do something like, you know, LED, you know, something that's that's minorly
incremental.
But I predict no major switch update until I think they'll go with the off season again.
Nintendo doesn't need to be on the holiday.
I say March 2023.
I got one.
I got one.
OK.
The Intellivision MECO isn't coming out this year, and in fact, they don't release it.
They just canceled the project.
OK, OK, OK.
Let's see.
She Hulk in chat says game pass on Switch 2022.
There's something about that that doesn't click for me.
Like what does Nintendo have to gain from that?
That's the only thing that doesn't like like I want to see it.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm just not sure I understand what Nintendo would really get from that unless there's
something to be said about like Nintendo games on the Xbox platform, which makes absolutely
no sense.
I love that.
Yeah, like maybe money, I guess.
Yeah, maybe they throw a shitload of money at it.
Maybe.
Come on.
Pull a Sega.
It worked well for them.
Right.
Hey.
Adrian chat says attempt to tie games into the metaverse virtual spaces.
Oh, I kind of like that.
You know what?
I'll go with a crazy pick along those lines.
I'm going to say that long rumored PlayStation home reboot for VR is a VR to launch thing.
Why not?
I'll go.
I'll go.
The PlayStation home reboot is a VR to thing.
I'll go with that.
I like that one.
OK, last call anymore.
World predictions, Sony, Microsoft, PlayStation, the rest of the industry arcades.
I think Stadia is going to keep going strong.
So Google will continue to invest in Stadia when a lot of people said they would throw
it away by now.
Yeah, I mean, indeed, there hasn't been any sort of notice about them slowing down with
it.
It apparently still seems to be making money.
And there is quite a bit of a following around it now.
The cult of Stadia grows.
OK, I got some great games on there, too.
I mean, I'll just put it out there.
And then Epic is going to continue to bite off of everybody else's ideas.
You know what, though?
I was just going to say Dark Soccer talking about Stadia, I think maybe answered the question
for me.
What could Nintendo and Microsoft have to gain from a game pass partnership?
I think if Nintendo is able to have a Microsoft cloud player, I think that's what it would
be.
Not Game Pass directly, reinstall the games.
But if Nintendo Switch devices had a Microsoft cloud player on them to play Game Pass games.
Because Microsoft, I don't think, is interested in that portable gaming space.
We've never seen them go.
I mean, yes, they have tablets, sure.
But they realize, Phil Spencer and many people at Microsoft realize the Nintendo Switch has
broken through in a way that no Windows Phone or Surface tablet or any of Microsoft's to-go
products are ever going to get to.
And I think if Microsoft, maybe the alliance is, they'll do advertising for Nintendo Switch
because Nintendo Switch plays the Microsoft cloud platform.
I think that's where the agreement could ultimately be.
So I will say, you gave me that aha moment in talking about Stadia.
I think that's the win for that alliance happening.
Ooh, Mike Deftonchat says, E3 will turn into Summer Games Fest.
ESA will let Jeff just do it all for them next year.
Bobby Blackwolf says, the ESA wouldn't do that at this point.
Too much animosity.
They'll go under first.
Thank you.
That's a great prediction.
The ESA goes under in 2023.
There is no E3 2023 because people finally realize the ESA is a horribly managed organization
that has grown behind the curve for far too long and has not been able to innovate in
a way that a tech company needs to be able to innovate.
So I think, thank you, Bobby.
I think that's a pretty, maybe we're a little ways out, but I think there is no talk of
ever returning to an in-person E3, and it has nothing to do with COVID.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya says, I know Switch does have a few cloud-based games, so if they could
set up a full-on service for it, sure.
Yes, I think there's a lot of good stuff there.
Mike Deftonchat says, I would have gone with my yearly prediction of E3 and ESA disappearing,
but it would have been three years in a row now.
This is the year to do it, Deft.
This is the year.
S2 100 Matt says, the new Saints Row game comes out and Loki likes it.
I'm not sure if that's a safe prediction.
I think it's a wishful one.
I mean, I'll probably play it.
I mean, I'm definitely going to play it.
I would hope so.
It's like you're serious.
Yeah, it is.
And after all, like, you know, what am I going to do, wait until Grand Theft Auto 6 comes
out?
I mean, come on.
Yikes.
All right.
I mean, it's just going to take, like, several decades for them to release it.
OK, OK.
Make this 2022 prediction then.
Do we see a frame of Grand Theft Auto 6?
No.
OK.
None.
Zero.
There'll be no announcements for Grand Theft Auto 6.
All right.
Let's move on to our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games that we have
been playing this week.
And we'll start with Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
I played a lot of Dead by Daylight.
I played 12 and a half hours of Dead by Daylight on Wednesday, and nobody really did anything.
I was lurking for a little bit.
Yeah, but I was, you know, trying to do a joinathon, hopefully, you know, get some more
people interested.
And I did get three adepts, though, by the way.
There you go.
I adapted Legion, I adapted Trickster and Clown.
The thing is, is that I still have, like, 10 cakes left on Trickster, so I have to play
him some more to use up those cakes before I, what's the word, prestige him?
And I've been prestige-ing characters.
So to date, the adepts that I have, and keep in mind, I am a mediocre player, so me getting
any kind of adept is, like, a big deal for me.
So I have Clown, Doctor, Ghostface, Hag, Huntress, which I did nothing but M1 Huntress.
I didn't throw a single hatchet.
I had a challenge to hit 10 people with just the regular axe.
So I put on that thing that gives her, like, great movement speed when she doesn't have
any hatchets, and then that thing that reduces her hatchets to one hatchet.
So I got rid of my one hatchet, and I was instantly fast.
And it was funny that people afterwards thought that it was hilarious.
So I had a lot of fun.
I also got, so I had Legion, Nightmare, Nurse, which I either had really new people because
they were all Ash, or they were memeing, and that was fine.
I don't mind them helping me get adept because that means I don't have to try on Nurse ever
again.
Yeah.
And Trapper and Trickster, like I said, so those are the ones that I have.
I'm working on Pig right now, which is...
That's a hard one, I hear.
It's a hard one.
Her perks suck.
I don't think I have a lot of adept killers.
I've only done as well as I have because I'm decent at Pig.
I have a lot of adept survivors because all you have to do is get out, and you just, sometimes
you luck out, and you just have a killer that can't get you, and you get out and you get
the adept.
But killer ones are hard because you have to, like, you have to play a max game, basically.
You have to double pip with only their base talents, which is tricky.
You have to be way on top of your game, and I think it's highly imbalanced.
I think it should be Blood Points.
Yeah, and I don't think any killer, their three set base perk set is good.
I don't think any killer has all three.
I was gonna say Hag.
I was gonna say Hag probably is the quote-unquote easiest.
In fact, I think I might have adept Hag, so.
And I will just say this, that the easiest of them all for me to get was Trapper.
First try.
Interesting.
First try, but I lucked into the survivors that I got.
And they were basically just letting me practice blinking the entire time.
Like until I could get my blinks down.
Sorry to interrupt, but of course, because you guys had to all jinx it for us for 2022,
we just got the power company coming to our door saying that they're gonna shut the power
off at some point for an hour.
Thanks, you guys.
Tonight?
Tonight.
Anytime.
Because they're working on something.
So thank you, 2022.
We're just never gonna have a show, I guess, or a full show.
I hate it here.
All right, we'll get through as much as we can, and at least when we lose, Loki will
know why.
Jesus.
Yeah.
All right, Loki.
For fuck's sake.
Dark soccer.
I don't mean to cut you off, but we probably should get to Loki's game a week.
I'll finish mine after Loki.
Okay, Loki, how was your game a week?
It's all Minecraft and debugging stuff with our server, trying to figure out why it's
laggy.
No idea.
Still trying to figure it out.
Is it running on Comcast?
I put out my new episode, though.
I think there's a new episode out.
I did see a new YouTube in our Discord server.
Oh, yeah.
So check that out.
Okay, awesome.
All right, Jamie, go ahead and finish up.
I also played Demon's Tilt.
That game is super fun.
And of course, Fantasian.
How can I leave out Fantasian, which I don't know what it is, but two of the boss battles
that were giving me the biggest fits, I just blew them away.
They were easy after that.
And then I got to a place that I'm not supposed to do yet.
So I played a little bit of it, and I'm backtracking some.
What?
All right.
But it's fun.
It's really great.
Everyone should play it.
My gaming week.
Honestly, with the internet issues, it kind of cut into some stuff.
So I didn't get to play a whole lot, but I did play some Final Fantasy XIV, of course.
So my Gunbreaker got through the main scenario and is level 90.
That all happened weeks ago, but now my Bard is level 90 as well.
Bard's a lot of fun to play this time around.
I've been kind of sleeping on it the last couple of expansions, but Bard's really cool
this time.
So I got Bard to 90, and then I've been working on crafting gatherings.
So my minor botanist and then four of my crafters are all level 90 as well.
So I've been pushing some of my classes there and just trying to do my daily dungeons to
get tomes and all that good stuff.
So there's that.
I've also been playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight, no real accomplishments to scream
about.
Oh, I had such a bad squad today.
I got that achievement for hooking three people in the basement.
I thought you had to do it all at the same time, but apparently no, because I hooked
a Mikaela who died down there.
I was playing Freddy and I was a mean Freddy too.
I was, you know, because I had a daily or something like that.
So I hooked somebody down there and then I hooked two others after that.
And I got, I wasn't trying to do a basement build, it was just very convenient.
And I got that achievement.
I was like, oh, I thought this would be a lot harder to get.
Who knew?
So you just have to hook three people in one game?
Yeah.
In the basement.
That's an achievement.
Do you know what it's called?
Something about like holiday gathering or something, because it talks about the holiday
tree or something.
Cause that's what it's, uh, yeah.
I think you might have to, uh, yeah, holiday, it might have to be sacrificing three people
in the basement specifically.
But I did do that.
In a public match have at least three survivors hooked in the basement at the same time.
Oh, happy holiday.
No, there's, uh, milk and cookies.
Um, no, the holiday get together means have three hooked in the basement at the same time.
And guess what?
It bugged for me.
Cause Michaela was D E D dead, uh, when I hooked the other two.
So that's, that's fascinating.
I hooked one of them.
Did they eat off the hook?
No, I went wild.
So I got an achievement.
I probably shouldn't have gotten bugs in my Debbie.
Uh, let's see, uh, what other games did I play this week?
I played just a little bit of no man's sky.
I'm waiting to see if they start up an expedition five or what I've been watching Alan play
a lot of it.
Uh, and, uh, we are going to do a multiplayer game hopefully real soon.
So that'll be fun.
Um, other than that location based games and the only other basement ones, there's Texas
barbecue where you hook 25 survivors in the basement once per survivor per match.
Huh?
Then holiday get together is the one that you just got.
Yeah.
That's the one.
Wow.
All right.
Um, you know, maybe it was bugging out in the way that, um, sometimes you run by a hook
and you still hear the noises of someone on it, even though they've long been sacrificed.
Yeah.
I bet it's doing that because I think I did have them on three different hooks.
I think that actually happens when someone is spectating.
Oh, maybe.
Maybe.
All right.
Anyway.
Very likely.
But, but anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
Get into some gaming news.
Um, Loki start us off while you still can.
Yeah.
So apparently, um, take two has purchased Zynga because take two is kind of a toxic
company and now they purchase part of Activision Blizzard or wait, what's that part of Activision
Blizzard?
No, you're thinking King, King Candy Crush mobile companies.
I confuse them in essentially the same, um, no anyways.
So yeah, they purchase Zynga now because you know, how else do we compete with, you know,
Activision Blizzard, but we'll have our own mobile company that, you know, they'll push
out some other stuff.
So they bought them for $12.7 billion.
And honestly, I could not tell you what they have, uh, worked on recently, but apparently
they're going to be maybe possibly bringing, you know, some of the take two franchises
to mobile platforms.
Looking forward to that mobile version of Bioshock.
How much did they pay for Zynga?
Because when I heard the amount, I was like, they're worth that much.
Like, sorry.
I'm not trying to be rude.
Prize.
Yeah.
Considering that like, but the Farmville days are long gone.
Those are long behind us.
Like what games is he?
Okay.
Does Zynga make one of those games where like, okay, there was the one that Mariah
Carey was in the commercial and now there's a new one.
Alan was showing me this commercial that Kathy Bates was in and it's, and I've, I've seen
this commercial without the celebrities.
It's something about like a grandma with a, uh, a mystery or something.
And she's like, like the whole commercial is like, grandma's being taken away in the
back of a cop car and she holds up a sign that says like, he's still alive and all this
stuff.
And then, and it's a fucking match three game and it's like, yeah, it's not that.
So they've put out like, um, some of their games that they put out recently, CSR racing
to Zynga poker, a bunch of slot machine games.
And then I guess they're also working on star Wars hunters, which is an arena combat game
that's coming out on mobile and switch.
I don't know.
I don't think they're worth $12 billion, but I don't need, I forgot the Zynga starting
to get into consoles though.
Merge mansion.
That's the name of it.
So I'm totally giving them a free prop.
I should make sure it's not a ABK product because we banned them from the show, but
I don't think it, Oh, meta core is the name of the company.
So it's not even Zynga, some new company, uh, that has apparently it has made $38 million
with some weird ass fucking commercials, the newest one having Kathy Bates on it.
So wild.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, Bobby points out, Rob, there's a Zynga developer.
It was on your dragon con panel.
She's working on hunters.
I had no idea that was a Zynga product.
I really didn't.
Let's see.
And uh, black and Pat says Zynga has a strong partnership with Hasbro.
So boggle words with friends, all the damn farm bills.
So many words with friends.
Okay.
That's one that I know is still big, um, and still does very well, uh, even amongst the
wordle of the world.
Oh, I don't think that made the show tonight, but, um, you know, all those knockoff wordle
clones got like yanked from the Apple store and I think Google play as well.
Um, I thought that was very interesting is that, uh, those wordle clones, which is weird
because wordle isn't really an original concept.
Um, the, the game show lingo was that, um, you know, it's nice to have that without that
asshole Chuck Woolery hosting, but, uh, you know, wordles kind of a different thing.
Um, so it's interesting that that'll got pulled.
I wonder if they are going to do an official app or something along those lines.
I don't know.
But word games are always very popular, you know, dark soccer talked about, talks about
that one every other week.
Uh, yeah, I always play word scapes.
Yeah.
Even I played that for a little bit.
So word games are very popular on mobile.
So, um, black and Pat bringing up words with friends.
That's definitely an aha moment.
I think that one's definitely worth something.
Um, Questbuster says last year was a bit rough for Zynga, but the acquisition fills in a
mobile gap for take two.
If I re if I recall correctly, only 10% of take two's business is dedicated to mobile.
You're probably right.
It's just, it still seems like such a lot of amount of money.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Ah, mobile games, mobile games.
Have any of those crazy ads worked on any of you for mobile games?
Cause one that I left ads.
Well, I see them in, uh, like Instagram, like I, um, I was on, I don't, I don't, oh, you're
so edgy.
Oh my God.
You don't ever see ads.
You're so edgy.
No, I mean, I don't use Instagram hardly at all anymore.
You don't see ads anywhere?
I have an ad blocker, so.
On your mobile phone?
Yeah.
Okay.
I have an ad blocker on my phone.
Okay.
Ooh, she's different.
Um, all right.
Look, uh, I see, I see ads on Instagram, I see ads on TikTok, I said, but one of the
ones I saw on Instagram was a game called, um, I'm not, which is fine.
They're not paying me so I don't have to get the name right.
It was something like cat Island or something and it was a bunch of cats and it looked like
an animal crossing game where they were on an Island.
I was like, sign me the fuck up.
So I played it and I was like, oh, kitties.
And then I realized this isn't very good.
So but I was just curious if those ads have ever worked on people.
Those of you that, you know, are the, the, the, um, uh, the peons of the internet who
still see ads, um, Mike Deaf says nope.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says everyone jokes about the raid shadow legends ads that streamers
get.
They're the audibles for podcasts of the streaming world.
Oh yeah, I've heard of that.
Cause that's the one that'll like pay you to do a sponsored stream and you get so much
money for every person that signs up or something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've heard of that.
All right.
I've still never played it though.
So my, my $3 or however much you get for, um, convincing someone to sign up is still
up for grabs.
I'll give you that.
All right.
Moving on for now though, let's talk about, uh, riot games and let's talk about a very
interesting change that they're making, uh, in their world is that they are going to allow
staff to leave with 25% of their salary, their yearly salary.
Uh, and uh, this is a, from a blog post where CEO Nicola Laurent, uh, talks about the plan
for the next five years in terms of the structure of the company and the content and the direction
they're going.
So I want to make clear when we talk about this, we're not talking about riot is laying
people off or I'm telling people they need to go somewhere else and doing a contract
buyout or, or just, well, there really is no contracts in California.
It's a, uh, um, right to work or whatever they call it, state, uh, at will.
That's it.
Uh, employment state.
Um, so, um, but my, but what I do think is interesting is that they're willing to basically
say, Hey, if you don't like the direction we're going in, here's the money for you to
leave.
Um, and it creates a very interesting temptation for people too, because you know, let's say
you make, I don't know, we'll say you make $80,000 a year.
I don't know.
Let's say 60.
We'll go, we'll drop it a little bit.
So the math's easier.
Uh, Oh no, it's 25.
Sorry.
I thought it was a third.
So 25%.
We'll say, we'll say 70,000 then.
Okay.
So seven, uh, divided by this is about 12, $12,500 or something like that.
If you're willing to walk out the door right away, um, no 17.
I can't math.
Why did I sign up for math tonight anyway?
A substantial amount of money.
So if you don't agree with the, uh, vision that the company has for the future, you can
walk away.
I know Riot's been under the microscope when we talk about a lot of this whole like harassment
and women getting treated shitty and all of this stuff, you know, Riot's been under the
microscope for that.
And I will say to the CEO's credit, uh, this bold new direction for Riot is going to have
none of that.
Uh, or, you know, obviously, you know what I mean?
The vision has none of that and hopefully they are able to, uh, make that a successful
in a implementation.
So basically if you don't, if you think that we're being politically correct, or if you
think this company is too woke, then you can walk.
So I, I, I do appreciate that element of it, that Riot's basically paying people to leave
if they don't like it.
Get the hell out of here.
Um, uh, this is a policy they've actually had in place for a while.
Um, but they're kind of upping it for the month of January to this 25%.
But I guess new people to the company, uh, can always take 10% of their annual to leave.
Like if they don't like it during onboarding orientation, that's a thing they have.
I think that's a very interesting thing for companies to put out there.
But you know what?
It might sound like a lot of money to pay somebody 10% of their salary, but you know
what the cost to like onboard somebody, train somebody, get them access to equipment and
all that stuff.
And the, the hours you're paying that, you know what, it adds up.
And so to pay them to walk away rather than invest that it makes you know that they really
want to be here.
So that's, uh, that's very interesting, I think.
So we'll see.
I'd be curious to see how many employees take it.
That's what I'll be interested to hear.
All right.
I'm very, uh, oh, uh, S2100 Matt with a comment over twitch.tv slash vog network says, treat
your employees well with respect.
You will get a better product and a happier employee that goes for any industry.
It just benefits everyone to treat everyone well.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not my day job here very much, but if they offered me 25% to leave, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't take it.
I'd rather stay there for several more years, um, because I'm, I'm happy with it and happy
with the direction they're going and, and all that stuff.
So like this buyout thing wouldn't work with me.
Um, but I, I bet that's not true of a lot of people out there who, if their company
offered something like this, they probably would take it.
Um, and I get it, I get it.
All right.
Uh, moving on dark Sakura.
Um, I think this is very interesting, this, uh, very mainstream press article you've got
for us.
I, the only reason that I am going back into NFTs talking about it is because New York
times covered it about how pissed we are.
After our disastrous show last week, I thought I would say the one thing I'm happy about
our show getting cut short by the internet.
We didn't get around to the NFT stories.
Darn the Lord works in mysterious ways.
All right.
But, but yes, the New York times talking about it is, is very newsworthy.
Yeah.
And there is a, actually, you know, basically these different companies are coming out with,
with NFTs and related content, trying to push it for games that people are really looking
forward to playing or are already playing.
And then the moment that it hits the internet, the, sorry, hiccup, um, the players are rebelling
against it immediately.
You know, they're like, no, we know what you're trying to do and we don't like it.
Um, there is, uh, uh, a person named Mutahar Anas who is a, uh, uh, has a pretty big YouTube.
Um, and I'm just going to read the quote exactly because that's how I feel about it.
Uh, people are being sold buzzwords, uh, th those pushing NFTs and games are trying to
sell you snake oil.
Um, and really this is going back into, uh, a lot having to do with, uh, just how people
are a lot more savvy these days.
You know, we were gamers in general are older.
We've been through seeing off, um, we've seen some shit, we've seen some shit, we've seen
loot crates and, and buying, uh, outfits for characters.
And I mean, shoot, Final Fantasy 14 is pretty terrible about it.
I think we lived in an era of the engage people.
Yeah, the, but this is now taking all of the, you know, buying stuff with in-game currency
and just pushing it up a whole other, other notch.
A lot of players are really seeing that these companies are trying to nickel and dime and
suck the, their user base for every penny that they could possibly get out of them.
And they've had enough.
And it's, um, it's absolutely just, just disgusting.
A lot of people are disgusted by it.
Um, there, um, there's people who are saying, you know, well, if they've got this thing
that's not available in the game, but I have to pay to get it.
Why isn't it just available in the game?
Anyway, I've bought this game.
Why are you making me pay for more things that's already technically in the game?
Um, and I mean, there has been some major blowback.
Um, for example, uh, uh, Sega, um, got a lot of negative, uh, press after they, you know,
had made public, uh, information about their plans to use NFT and crypto.
Um, Ubisoft, um, we, we covered them at the end of the year.
They also were really surprised at how unhappy their customers were.
Um, yeah, there's a, in fact, the, there's a, a couple of, uh, YouTube videos out there
talking about, uh, where, where they had made the announcement that got like 90% dislikes
from the people that viewed it.
Um, they're, uh,
they're really, um, some people are thinking that their NFTs, well, the companies are saying
that their NFTs are not motivated by profit.
For example, uh, Matt Wolf at Zynga, his quote is that it's all about community.
We believe in giving people the opportunity to play to earn, but no.
The, the thing is about it is that, is that the whole thing is we're, we're not stupid.
We're not stupid.
A lot of people are stupid, but we're not.
I'm, I'm very curious.
I need to crowdsource or chat source this a bit.
Is there, because I would be, I would be honestly curious of the perspective.
Are there any like gaming podcasts or YouTube channels you all listen to that are pro NFT?
And like, what's the angle.
And I, I mean, things that existed before this that have decided they are pro NFT.
I don't mean a show that started from some crypto folks who are now doing, getting into gaming.
Cause then I don't want that.
I want somebody who existed before that is pro and continuing with that.
I would, I would be like, where are they?
Cause I would like to hear that perspective.
Well, I don't know from any on our level, but there are a couple of companies that are
against NFTs, uh, valve for one thing, uh, uh, for steam, it prohibits, uh, blockchain
games that allow cryptocurrencies or entities.
Thank God.
Cause how easy would it be to convert that, um, trading card system they have to something
powered by NFT?
And maybe that's why they get it.
What's silly though, is like what these companies are trying to do is basically they're trying
to do basically what valve is doing already with some of these trading cards and other
things.
It's, it's purchases where people can sell and trade stuff that they have.
It doesn't need blockchain though, to track all that.
They have a system that just does it.
It's fine.
And, and they make person, they make a cut off of every trade, which is kind of what
the companies want.
So like, I don't understand why we got to go this NFT route for all this stuff.
Because it, the difference with an NFT is that there, you know, a lot of people are
saying that these are going to be items that are transferable between games or that you
can use this token for your NFT in other franchises by the same companies.
That's sort of where you're taking out of it.
That's the point.
Never, never do that.
Can you imagine if like FIFA, if, if EA decided that FIFA ultimate team stuff, that the players
would be transferable between different players, do that.
Outfits, items, you know, you would have something from one game that would affect the gameplay
in another, you know, that's, it'll never happen.
They'll never implement it that way.
But, but Jamie's right.
But Jamie's right.
That's what they think is going to happen.
Cause that was that whole talk around pinhead and dead by daylight and all that, which,
which by the way, suddenly disappeared that chat.
There's more about that by the way.
On Thursday, I believe it's going to be five o'clock Pacific time.
There is going to be, I have to find the channel again, but Doug Bradley and, and his wife,
Steph are going to be talking about the recording session for dead by daylight.
I caught last week's live show and this one looks to be fascinating.
They usually keep their repeats up.
They also did one with Robert England, but that one's gone, I think.
But also Doug Bradley is just absolutely fascinating to hear talk outside of his pinhead voice.
But, but back to, back to this, Tim Sweeney, the chief executive of Epic games said, and
this is actually the tweet, we aren't touching NFTs as the whole field is currently tangled
up with an intractable mix of scams, interesting decentralized tech foundations and scams.
Um, although they're still allowing, um, third party developers on their store to allow blockchain.
So I, this is, this is what my thought is going to happen.
There's, they're going to keep trying.
They're not admitting defeat yet.
And I think that they're going to have, well, it's like what I said, right at the beginning
of the show, they're going to have to be deceptive about it.
Does that make sense?
Yes.
And they're going to have to put this out in a term that is going to appeal and separate
and separate the concept, or at least the buzzword of NFT from the concept of NFT.
Um, and I, I just have to call out, have I gone robot?
Because the thing is we're losing frames.
Nope.
Okay.
Well, you still find in me, let's try to push through.
We're at an, now you are, I was, this is exactly the point that this started last week
was right an hour into the show.
Oh, like clockwork.
Big NFT doesn't want us talking about it.
So you're doing everything to shut down the system.
Seriously.
All right.
Just try to keep powering through for the sake of the podcast listeners.
I'm going to pray it sorts itself out in the next few minutes.
It's not too bad right now to me.
So yeah, it's fine.
Okay.
Uh, Loki, why don't you go ahead with your follow-up then?
Oh, speaking of NFTs, uh, Konami who, yeah, I guess they're making games still.
Uh, they decided that, you know, with their NFT 35th anniversary memorial of the Castlevania
series, they went ahead and sold out of those NFTs and made the total of $162,000.
And this is why these companies are going to keep getting into it because they can
literally produce something that takes no effort whatsoever.
It is just an image.
And then they can make $162,000 that's effort for profit is just, it's insane.
Um, so yeah, they sold the highest selling item, I think was actually for 26,000, which
was a digital map of Dracula's castle.
Um, it's just, that's just nuts.
So yeah, it's here to stay.
And one also, uh, another person that's gained of teases, none other than voice actor,
Troy Baker, who was partnering with voice verse NFTs to have an NFT, I guess of him
or his voice.
I'm not really sure what it is, but nobody likes it.
I like, I like Troy Baker saying he's my favorite voice in saints row, but like,
Yeah, I don't know what exactly it is that he's trying to get on, except somebody probably
sat him down and told him how he could make more money.
And, um, you know, I guess, I guess Twitter is sure opening up his eyes real quick though,
as to why that's a bad idea.
Um, but I, I'm just so disappointed that Konami got rewarded for the whole like Castlevania
NFTs and that whole thing, because we didn't get around to being able to talk about it
last week because the internet issues, which by the way, I've got a green light now.
So maybe it was just a hiccup.
Let's all hold hands and pray.
Uh, but I think, I think chat, the live folks of the podcast won't notice anything, but
the live folks have been able to hear us, but they haven't been able to see us.
So that does tell me my upload just got borked enough where the audio is getting through,
but the video is not, but now it should be everything.
So it's just crazy.
Anyway, let's all hold hands and pray.
Um, but meanwhile, the Castlevania thing, like I just, it blows my mind how like you
can say that somebody owns a song as legendary as bloody tears.
Not in this fucking house.
You don't, that song belongs to the people.
That song is art.
That song should belong to the composer.
You don't own that song.
I don't care how much you pay for it.
I don't recognize that in this house, Rob, as a person who has done a lot of graphic
design, when you are contracted to do any kind of work, be it musical, anything like
that for a company, it is automatically a part of your contract that the company owns
your final work.
Yeah, I get it.
And that's how like, like BeatMania 2DX is still able to use Naoki songs, even though
he left the company a long time ago.
Like, yeah, I, I get it from that standpoint and the whole thing.
And, and obviously when it comes to those sorts of situations and, and being able to
re-release the games with the music intact and all of that, then yes, great that the
company owns it.
But I, like Joe Crypto Bro should keep their hands off that fucking song.
Like, I, I don't, I think the best analogy to NFTs that I saw was the whole, like, you
know, those services where you register a star in the galaxy with your name on it and
it's in this database, but it's not NASA's database.
So it doesn't really fucking matter.
And that is not the actual scientific name of the star.
That's how I feel about all this stuff is that y'all are buying into this database.
And it's just like, okay, Bitcoin was the first crypto coin, but suddenly the first
major somebody's going to correct me on it.
If I don't clarify it first major breakthrough crypto coin.
There's going to be other forms of NFT and this whole stuff.
And it's, it's, it's, it's going to literally fall up its own black hole asshole into this
void of non-existence because the seas will be polluted with all of these people trying
to get in on, on cashing out on receipts and naming rights, which is basically that whole
thing.
Or better yet when people decide it's not worth anything and then it just devalues itself
to nothing.
Yeah.
It's like Mike Deft brings up this week and fuck Konami.
You know, what's funny.
I was sent the latest, uh, Jim Stephanie Sterling video on, uh, the fuck Konami and the NFT
stuff and, and what they had to say about the whole thing.
I was actually a little disappointed.
I thought the video would have a little more bite than it actually did.
And that's no disrespect to, uh, Stephanie, who I think, I think they have some great
takes, but, um, I think it's just, they, they've beaten that horse dead, like so much.
That's why it's like, you know, what, what more is there really to say?
It's kind of like at this point, they're kind of getting worn down by just the industry
and everything.
And so I am a big fan of them.
Um, it's just, it's just like, yeah, it's like, well, it's not too shocking because
it's Konami.
So that, and that's okay.
Stephanie it's, it's, it's like the last episode of our show.
We tried, it didn't quite work.
Okay.
It's going to happen sometimes.
It's okay.
Uh, I'm, I'm still a fan.
Uh, that's, yeah, but it definitely felt like one of those videos where it was like,
they're only doing this because they feel like they have to, or the fan base is going
to complain, you know?
But anyway, all right.
Uh, let's move on.
I don't want to talk about NFTs anymore.
I got no fucking time for those.
Let's talk about, let's talk about something for some reason you still can't buy, which
is Final Fantasy 14.
Uh, because Final Fantasy 14 has been continuing to have server issues, but a roadmap was posted
this week that will include resales of the game going back on sale.
So Final Fantasy 14, if you are not on board with the game yet, uh, and you've wanted to
get in on it because of all the Endwalker hype, because the servers have been having
so many issues, you can't, you can't do it right now, but as of January 25th, you will
be able to buy the game again.
Have you ever heard of a game company pulling a game off a shelf for a month only to put
it back because the game is too popular?
This is like I said, 2021 crazy year for games.
Um, so, uh, but now Kiyoshita did point out, or did put out a list of where, so what's
going to change on January 25th, according to this roadmap, the Oceana data server is
going to open.
So, um, Australia, New Zealand, and you know, some of the Pacific rim, that whole part of
the world is going to get their own servers.
So that's going to be people that come off of where those people are playing now, which
is mostly the Japanese servers for a good chunk of that.
And some of the North American servers, even, because a lot of the Australians want to play
there, um, or Europe even.
So it's going to involve a lot of those folks coming off of other data centers to play on
a dedicated data center.
So they think that's going to be enough, um, to, uh, resale, resell the game again.
The queue situation is also just talking firsthand.
It's improved a little bit.
It's still not great in prime time, but I can pretty reliably get on the game in my
usual hours of like eight or nine o'clock at night and not face a huge queue.
I think what's happened is that now the end Walker's been out for a month.
The people that wanted to play through the main scenario have done it.
Um, and fantasy 14 has declared the end of spoiler warnings for end Walker.
So I guess we can openly talk about spoilers for the game now in their eyes.
I'm not going to do it.
We did a spoiler cast that's in the VoG network archives here on Twitch.
If you want to go check it out.
So I already have that all out of my system.
So for those of you, cause I think even Jamie said she still wanted to play through it at
some point, I will not spoil y'all have your chance.
But, um, I think square has basically, you know, taken that approach of, well, all the
people that really wanted to play it are through the game now.
So, uh, we can probably open it up a little more than, um, they are going to be adding
more worlds to the North American server and Europe throughout the rest of 2022 and into
2023.
The roadmap is really long.
I got to say, it doesn't look like they're really able to address the issues with North
America, which, you know, yes, I'm going to be selfish and only care about that for now
until August of 2022.
Four new worlds will go online in August.
That's I mean, I get that there are semiconductor shortages and all that, but damn pull the
servers for 11 and use them to run for it.
I'm just kidding.
Bob has 11 fans.
Don't hate me.
Don't hate me.
But everyone's playing on pirate servers.
It's never going to happen.
Ziba in chat says the cues on the crystal data center have been double digits.
I will run into the thousand person long queue still on Cactuar because again, I was there
first, but I happened to roll on the server where the very, very, very popular World of
Warcraft streamer who decided to take up Final Fantasy 14 and rather enjoyed it and
doesn't talk very favorably of wow anymore.
And I happen to be on that person's server.
I was there first.
Thank you very much.
And again, I don't want to gatekeep the game.
I'm thrilled that person is there.
I'm thrilled the community is there.
I'm hoping that what we're supposed to get before August and that whole cross data center
thing is going to really help ease a lot of that because I know I am more than happy
to go log into crystal and go play with Ziba for the night.
So I don't have to worry about the cues on Aether.
And I think that will kind of work itself out at the end of the day.
So I'm really, really hoping for the data center travel really soon.
It's supposed to still come with, well, they're now saying not 6.1, but the 6.1X series.
So it's going to be a few months still, but hopefully not too far out.
All right, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
I think this is an interesting trend in the workplace.
Yeah, there are some video game studios who are taking to heart this thing that's been
tried in Japan for several different companies.
And that's moving people to a four-day work week.
I am going to go and say this, that they're not talking about a four-day work week like
I have because I work four by 10.
These are for eight-hour days.
And in fact, one of the companies, Crows, Crows, Crows,
they actually, they're the group that did the Stanley Parable.
They have rewritten contracts to do the same pay for four days of work instead of five.
And so far, so good.
Eidos Montreal is actually pushing back against the crunch time hours and everything by trying
to also limit time and making sure that people are able to treat themselves with compassion.
That's the quote coming back from Pew from Crows, Crows, Crows.
But there has been lots of studies coming on that shows this is actually scientific
research.
In Iceland, there was a trial run by the Reykjavik City Council that included over 2,500 workers,
which is 1% of the population.
They're saying that the workers felt less stress and at work of burnout because their
work-life balance improved after adopting a shorter working week.
They have more time to spend with their families, do hobbies and complete their household chores.
And their productivity remained the same, even though they had gone down from 40 hours
to 35 or 36.
The whole thing behind it is that they're saying that it's how the projects are being
managed, that if a project is being managed well, then they should be able to get the
same amount of work done in less time and that a more rested worker, a more, what's
the word I'm thinking of, a more fulfilled worker will work, will be happier and work
better because they're not running on empty.
And I actually find it funny that they were using an example from Japan about this because
over there, it's considered to be a mark of honor if you fall asleep at your job.
But they're really wanting work to be more dignified.
They want it to be something that's going to be where they're working ethically, which
is harder for some of the bigger studios, which is why Eidos Montreal and Eidos Sherbrooke
are considered the biggest leaps in the industry as for taking this role because they are larger
studios.
Both of them have done Final Fantasy games, Tomb Raider, because they worked under Square
Enix for a bit.
And of course, they did Guardians of the Galaxy, which is one of the best games of last year.
Yeah, I was just going to say Quest Buster just pointed that out in chat and I went,
oh yeah, speaking of 2021 games, that was way better than people thought it would be.
Yeah, and they're really, I mean, in the end, a lot of these companies are really trying
to just be better to their employees and they're getting better results.
And on top of that, one of the former producers at Crows Crows Crows, Alicia, I'm going to
mispronounce her name, contestable, I guess, was implementing the four day work week at
the studio that she's setting up.
And she's basically saying that because they're implementing that into their work structure,
they're not losing any time at all.
She thinks that her employees are going to be more resilient and well rested.
And on top of that, they're also aiming for healthier work culture.
And the quote is that it's one that's fundamentally anti-racist, feminist and LGBTQ plus friendly.
I'm going to add the A because don't forget the A ever.
And that according to a UK report, moving to a four day workweek can shrink carbon emissions,
reduces the energy used in a workplace and slash transport emissions for morning and evenings.
And then giving an extra day off means that people take part in more low carbon activities,
including resting, exercising and seeing their family.
So we'll see.
Right now, I mean, the big thing we have going on is the series of of walkouts and strikes and
companies that have, you know, notoriously mistreating their employees, especially
their non cisgender white male employees.
I think the work from home situation has also been very interesting, too, because it shows
most companies are able to do it.
I get with game design, it can be a little tricky because, you know, the collaboration
and some of that is a little tricky.
And that's why some games have had, you know, it's like Nintendo, like a lot of their stuff
has been delayed is because, you know, that that transition to work from home has been
difficult for a lot of people.
But for those where it works and it has worked for many companies and many individuals within
those companies, I think that's very interesting, like that long term effect it's going to have.
And it's also interesting.
It's having this conversation about what about four day work, which I just realized in the
scroll bar, I have four hour work weeks.
I meant to put four day work weeks for that, too.
But yeah, four day work week.
And I need to specify that it doesn't sound like they're wanting people to do four tens.
It sounds like they are working a regular eight hour day, just four days a week.
Now, for me, I'm going to go ahead and this is going to go into a little bit of personal
information on me.
I do four tens.
I do.
I do a four day, 10 hour work week.
Well, 40 hours, but 10 hours each day.
Now, I also have FMLA, intermittent FMLA, which lets me take off a certain number of
hours each month.
I get 40 hours a month off.
And I have noticed that I working an eight hour day, four days a week, because I was
running that before I did my narcolepsy test.
I actually felt generally better.
I felt like I could face my work day, that I wasn't super burnt by the, excuse me, by
the end of my day.
So and now I read a few years ago that they were saying that for like people over 35,
that it's better health wise to work like three to four days a week as opposed to a
full five day week.
I only glanced at the study.
But thankfully right now, my work is still having us stay at home.
And they're talking about moving to a hybrid schedule, which I plan on taking advantage
of that would be three days in the office and one day not, depending on the day of the
week, because they want people there on certain days of the week.
And I honestly think that we should stay at home.
I think that everybody, if you can work from home, you should stay at home.
If you're in an environment that you feel that you'd be better around people, yes,
have the option.
But the thing is that pushing people to be as productive with less presence, if that
makes sense, is better.
Give people the time.
Okay.
And also, I'll just type it in.
Okay.
As Joe and Matt in our chat says, this kind of goes back to what I said about a happy
employee.
I think a lot of companies, oh, it just scrolled off.
I think a lot of companies are doing a lot of experimenting right now with helping employees
mentally by giving folks a proper work-life balance.
I think it's great.
And we need to find a way to give employees that work-life balance.
Yeah.
A lot of companies really kind of having to evaluate what that means in this day and age,
for sure.
All right.
Um, before we lose Loki, let's try to get some more stories out of him.
Loki, what's next?
Oh, it's fine.
I'll just connect to my phone when I'm done.
Now we're here.
Sure.
So I'll be here the whole show.
All right.
That's the attitude.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, uh, Oprah or the Lego group is actually delaying some of the new Overwatch 2 sets
because, well, Overwatch 2 isn't out and other reasons as well.
So they were originally going to launch in February on the first, but now it's being
pushed back to next year because of the delay of the game.
Also, they're also considering they're reviewing their partnership with Activision Blizzard,
given the concerns about progress being made to address continuing allegations regarding
workplace culture, especially the treatment of female colleagues and creating a diverse
and inclusive environment.
So yeah, there's that too.
Um, I didn't know they were going to put out new, I didn't know.
I didn't know they were putting out, I didn't know they were putting out
Overwatch 2 stuff either when the game's nowhere near done.
So that's kind of fascinating, but you know what?
Props to Lego for doing something extremely actionable about the whole situation.
And really, you know, especially with Bobby Kotick still in charge, um, who's, you know,
ultimately responsible for the work culture that he's created.
Um, I, I think that, uh, this is great that Lego is, well, I mean, the situation fucking
sucks, but what Legos action is really meaningful in this situation.
And, um, uh, yay, Lego for doing something.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, um, I didn't know it was coming out.
Maybe the green purposes is something else.
It's a pretty cool set.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
Let's talk about this because a lot of you have been sharing this one on social media
this week, and I do see the humor in it, but, uh, we had some police officers that were
fired and why were they fired?
Uh, because they were playing Pokemon Go on the job.
But when I say they were playing Pokemon Go on the job, I mean, they were like really
playing it on the job.
Um, there was a report this week that two LAPD officers were patrolling a mall in the
Los Angeles area back in 2017, because our legal system is extremely slow.
And of course, Pokemon Go was still every, I mean, a lot of people still play Pokemon
Go today.
Uh, but even back in 2017, there were still many, many people playing it.
Um, and, uh, the control, you know, the people that talk about, Hey, go here.
Cause there's a call or there's an incident.
Uh, there was a, they were asked to respond to a robbery in progress.
However, the officers instead went to go get a Snorlax at a nearby Pokemon gym, which I
have no idea where that was maybe at the mall or something.
Uh, apparently the whole thing was recorded because every patrol car has a D I V C S.
I don't know what that is, but it's a monitoring system.
So like they know where the cars are at all times.
And so like a GPS thing.
Yeah.
Um, in the court documents, it said officer Mitchell alerted Lozano that Snorlax just
popped up at 46th and Limer after noting that Limer doesn't go all the way to 46.
Lozano responded.
Oh, you know what I can do?
I'll go down 11th and swing up on Crenshaw.
I know that way I can get to it.
Mitchell suggested a different route and then told Lozano, we've got four minutes after
Mitchell apparently caught the Snorlax.
Oh, well, I'm glad this story had a happy ending.
After Mitchell apparently caught the Snorlax exclaiming, got him.
Petitioners agreed to go get the Togetic and drove off when their car stopped.
Again, the monitoring system recorded Mitchell saying, don't run away.
Don't run away.
While Lozano described how he buried it and ultra bald.
Oh, they put in the court report.
B-U-R-I-E-D buried it like in the ground.
I think what he meant to say was buried it like a raspberry.
Uh, because that makes more sense.
That's really funny that the court documents butchered that English.
It's a fun language.
It's probably just transcribed, you know?
It is funny.
Lozano described how he buried it and ultra bald the Togetic before announcing got him.
Eventually, Mitchell explained, holy crap.
Finally, apparently in reference to catching the Togetic.
And he remarked, the guys are going to be so jealous.
The Board of Rights had their own unique perspective on this, saying playing Pokemon Go
showed complete disregard for the community, wasted resources, violated public trust,
and was unprofessional and embarrassing to the department.
They've done a lot of other stuff that's more embarrassing than that.
I know, right?
Should be embarrassed about.
Behavior reflected gross negligence, cowardice, lack of thoughtfulness, and deceit.
I know.
And certainly there have been a lot of takes this week about,
oh, Pokemon goes the thing they're going to get in trouble for.
I get it.
I get it.
But a lot of people have been sharing that story this week.
I can't imagine why, but it is interesting.
I will say this.
The times I've been pulled over by the police, which only actually happened once playing
Ingress, I was so easy, easily able to explain the game because I was like, okay, so, you
know, Pokemon Go, it's like that.
And now they all know what it is.
I didn't really cross my mind that the police are all playing Pokemon Go, but I guess I
guess that's that.
S2100, Matt says, we're going to need you to get out of here.
Snorlax wasn't a big deal and go even in 2017.
It kind of was.
If you were newer to the game, it still kind of was.
Anyway, all right, let's move on.
Let's go back to a simpler time when the police were policing and not playing video games
on the job.
But if they were playing video games, they might've been playing this.
Let me play the bumper for the segment and then we'll explain.
No, I think actually we need to explain how it's different first because I don't have
a lot of time.
I've already talked about it before.
I know, but you did it on the no show.
You haven't done it on the podcast.
So I didn't let the on the show that didn't last either.
I thought we didn't get to the segment last week, but I talked about it.
All right.
Anyway, well, let's let's remind people.
We have a 2022 twist this year on the classic game of the week.
So once a month, and finally we're getting to it this month, dark soccer is going to
pick something different.
We've done classic soundtracks.
We've done classic 8-bit games.
We've done classic peripherals.
And for 2022, dark soccer is going to do.
I'm doing classic electronic handheld game.
All right.
So that being said, let's get to the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault.
And pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And she means, of course, classic electronic handheld.
This is oops.
And of course, the wrong screen is up.
Go me.
Let's try flipping that around a little bit.
And gosh, darn it.
The tab accidentally closed.
That's all right.
Let me go back to the main show shots and dark soccer.
Why don't you start talking about this and I will get in.
I'll get the footage up.
Sorry.
The game is the Tomy handheld Tron game.
That's the first one.
It came out in 1982.
It is one of three different games.
It contains, sorry, three games that were based on different action sequences in Tron.
In the first one, you are playing a light cycle game around the game grid and you got
to cut off the other drivers.
The second one, Tron versus Sark, throw discs at each other, kind of like Pong.
So, you know, but it's the whole ring fighting game.
And then the last one, you have to throw your disc into the heart of the MCP to destroy
it.
Once it's done, then you start over faster with a higher level of difficulty.
Um, and this thing, it definitely looks very 80s.
You know, it's the whole sort of square boxy shape, you know, with big button and everything
a switch in the middle.
Um, it's, it's actually, I mean, keep in mind, this is, this was top notch when, when I was
six.
So, uh, this is still top notch at me being 43.
Are you kidding?
This looks rad.
Well, and it was called, um, they were called the, the TomyTronic, um, electric games.
They also did like, they had a scramble was one of them.
There was a Pac-Man that was circular, like a disc.
And it was one of the, uh, TomyTronic ones.
You know, they, they did a bunch of different ones like that, but I brought up the Tron
one in particular because we love Tron here.
We love Tron here.
We, we love Tron in this house.
And I thought that this one would be a neat one, you know?
Um, and it is, it is pretty, pretty cool.
You know, you have the different light colors on the screen and it was all just, it was,
it was pretty, pretty tops when, when it came out.
And on top of that, the box was cool.
Just that big old Tron logo on it.
Of course, um, we, uh, there was one that was released, of course.
Uh, there was a Japanese one, there was a US one.
Um, they, you know, they had their own little manuals and everything.
They were pretty cool.
Of course, our manuals were in black and white and the Japanese ones had pink accents on
them, but that's it.
Not a lot to talk about.
Okay.
Sorry.
I, you caught me running back in the room from a potty break, but I was watching the
B-roll earlier and it, this is like a machine I want to get my hands on.
How did you, and I'm sorry if I missed it.
How did you find, or how did you know of this?
Did you have a friend that had one or something?
I had the TomyTronic, uh, Pac-Man when I was a kid.
Gotcha.
But I knew about the Tron one cause I had been on this big, like Tron kick.
So I knew about it.
Gotcha.
Uh, looking at some comments in chat, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, I would have totally
gotten this if I saw it as a kid.
Uh, you were a kid, you didn't have your own money, Matt.
That's all right.
You would ask Santa for, or, uh, like I think I had one like a few years after, after it
came out, like at a, from like a thrift store or something.
Um, Ziba in chat.
There was also like alien attack, which was also a neat one.
Uh, Ziba in chat says, this is interesting.
Yeah.
And a lot of folks in chat saying, wow, I never heard of this, but this looks really
cool.
Well, this might be a theme that is repeated throughout the year 2022 as dark soccer gets
into the classic electronic handhelds of the week.
Cause I imagine, you know, most of our listeners, I know the hosts of the show are pretty much
in their forties at this point, but a lot of the listeners, I think are more in their
twenties and thirties.
So, um, literally a lot of machines that came out before you were born.
Um, and even for us, like we were young kids when these types of machines are out.
So, um, I think there's going to be a lot of eBay listing.
How much do they want for these on eBay?
Uh, one of the mid range ones is 180 bucks.
Jesus.
And I'll link it in chat so that people can see, uh, some of the pictures on it.
But, um, but it's, it's, you know, it's a neat way to see what it looked like all sides
of it and everything.
It's, it's, it's pretty cool.
All right.
Well, there it is.
Your classic electronic handheld of the week.
Very cool.
Love it.
All right.
Let us now go around and do some rapid fire news and talk about some other headlines
happening amongst the game real quickly.
Bobby Black with a chat says, I mean, some of us spend $800 on replica cabinets.
So $180 for something like this is what I expected.
$800.
Bobby, are we not going to talk about the rush table?
Cause we should talk about the rush table.
Are we not going to talk about everything that's in my house?
Exactly.
Which while Bobby starting his own little, he's starting the, uh, uh, East coast version
of that, uh, in the, in Bobby Bay, Bobby theater at Bobby Manor.
So, all right.
All right.
Moving on, let's get to some rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So apparently we just found out that the Xbox one was, uh, they stopped production on it
a couple of years ago.
So apparently, um, we just found out that the Xbox one S, uh, was stopped in production
at the end of 2020.
And that the Xbox one X, um, apparently, well, that was stopped in, I guess, uh, July of
2020.
So now we know, not that it makes a difference.
That was the wildest headline, you know, for them to come out and just be like, Oh, by
the way, the Xbox one is done.
Like I can't, I actually kind of admire them for being able to kind of like stealthily
do that so that people would miss it.
Because, you know, if they came out and said, we're going to be ending the Xbox one in two
months, everyone would have said, Oh, I'll never be able to get one.
And you know, there would have been just ends for them to, it's such a, yeah, it's not such
a big deal since everything's kind of backwards compatible anyways.
So yeah, it's, it's very, uh, bold of them to be like, we got rid of this months ago
and none of you noticed.
So moving on as very, uh, very gaslight gatekeep girl boss, uh, on Microsoft part.
Yes.
So, and then of course, um, following up, going back to our predictions for the air
and house, uh, you know, CEOs of these corporate giants that is make way too much
money.
And a lot of times they're really toxic people.
Well, now we have a list of those toxic people and the money that they made.
So, uh, you know, Bobby, Bobby Kotick made $154 million.
Um, we have, uh, Andrew Wilson made $34 million.
And then what else?
Strauss Zelnick, only $18 million.
Man has the money there.
I know, uh, the top earner for 2020 was actually Robert, uh, and tookle with a play
dig, huh?
Never heard of them, but $372 million.
And then we also had folks, uh, Andrew paradise from skills and John Riccatello from unity
on the list, NC soft razor and team seven.
I know none of these names except for John Riccatello.
I've heard that one, but none of the, yeah.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Um, and then the very bottom lease out of the 42, uh, was Lars wing of her, uh, which
was an bracer group of $162,000.
So just every time that they tell you that they need to raise prices of the games, because
they're just not making enough money to pay for these games.
Maybe they could tap into some of that money that these CEOs are making, because I think
$154 million probably goes a long way when it comes to game development.
Just a thought, you know, you could live off of the interest.
Yeah.
That much money would probably pay their developers a little bit more money.
You know, so fun.
Don't expect it to get any better, only worse.
All right.
Dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
So, um, a game I love cotton.
The cotton Sega, uh, Saturn classics are going to be coming on to PC before too long.
That includes a cotton to cotton boomerang and a guardian force, uh, cotton guardian force.
Um, they are beautiful remastered games.
The, uh, PS4 and Nintendo switch version, um, uh, were criticized because of input delay
issues.
And so it looks like there's going to be some, uh, patching done before the release and it
should be coming out.
And there's also going to be a new sequel cotton rock and roll is being developed to
come out later this year.
And then also the official logo for the street fighter 35th anniversary is out.
Um, and it will be celebrating its 30, 35th anniversary on August 12th.
And they have teased things about the future of the series will be announced.
So whatever the hell that is street fighter, although we do know there's final DLC.
Uh, the, uh, character Luke will have an important role.
Hmm.
All right.
All right.
Let's travel around the, I'm sorry, I'm having internet issues again.
So sorry if I'm going robot on you guys, but, uh, let's travel around the world and check
out some release dates, uh, around the world, starting with the U S Loki.
Uh, we have shadow man remastered on Nintendo switch.
Uh, nobody saves the world on PC, Xbox one, which is dead, uh, Xbox series X.
We have the RP RP golf legends.
Uh, I guess that's, it's a role-playing golf game.
Awesome.
Uh, that's on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, Tom Clancy's rainbow
six extraction on PC PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series X and Stadia,
uh, wind jammers two on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, Xbox one and Stadia.
And last but not least mouse craft on Xbox one.
All right.
I know I'm a little robot, but in the recording, I'll sound fine.
So I'm going to push through for Japan.
Uh, the Nintendo switch we'll be seeing, uh, the RP golf legends, uh, is actually releasing
over there.
It's an English version, but it is getting a Japanese retail release this week on the
20th for the switch.
And then a game called lucky dog.
One is the only really other release on the switch this week in Japan.
Taking a look though at the PlayStation five, we have Tom Clancy's rainbow six extraction
it's a worldwide, including Japan.
So they're getting it as well this week and that's really it for the Japanese releases.
So let's check in with dark Sakura and the UK.
Um, we have on the 18th, we have surviving the aftermath on the 20th, we have rainbow
six extraction.
Um, we have expeditions Rome on the 21st.
We have never song.
We also have black wind and the dungeon of nay Hal book, I guess.
I guess that's how it's pronounced.
Sure.
That's it.
All right.
Let's get into some more news.
Loki.
All right.
So Sony's making more PlayStations.
Isn't that exciting?
They just have a four in front of them or after them, not the fives.
So apparently since, you know, Hey, the fives are pretty hard to get, uh, we're going to
put out more PlayStation fours.
Not exactly what people are looking for, but something, I guess I see what you did there
looking for.
Yeah.
So cool.
I don't think it's been hard to get a PlayStation four though.
So I, I think for some reason they think that this is going to keep people within the Sony
brand or something like that.
Or maybe they're going to try to leverage more cloud stuff, or it's just the fact that
the new exclusives for now are still, as far as I know, PlayStation four and PlayStation
five, if I remember right.
Um, you know, things like horizon forbidden West is going to play on a PlayStation four.
So I guess, I mean,
so that's good for the short term.
I would just wait, honestly, though, if you're really looking for a PlayStation five, I think
a lot of people that are looking for a PlayStation five probably already have a PlayStation four.
So, uh, whatever, you know, it'd be ironic as if scalpers also were scalping these just,
you know, just to show them just because they can just for the pure spite factor.
I hate it.
Um, what about, um, can I, can I ask you real quick?
Um, hopefully I'm coming through.
Okay.
Audio wise on your end, but, um, the, um, we didn't quite get to it in the show world
tonight, but I've definitely seen the rumors and maybe that's why we didn't show it because
more rumors, uh, about the PlayStation three stuff on PlayStation five.
Um, I guess there was a listing in a store somewhere that, or like the PlayStation store
had a PS three game in it for a hot minute.
And this has a lot of people speculating.
Um, what do you think of that?
That may be backwards compatibility is finally something that Sony is going to be
They'll, they'll just be resold games just like they did at the PlayStation two.
So digital, digital only and not running off your old disks.
Right.
Yeah.
Cause it'll be even, I think it'll even be like, even if you own a copy of that on the
PlayStation three or whatever, that you wouldn't be able to play it because it'd be like a
remaster or something like that.
I don't remember if that's exactly how, I mean, obviously that would be how it had the
work on the PlayStation two.
Cause they didn't have a digital storefront for PlayStation two, um, for the PlayStation
two, but, uh, for the PlayStation three, I would hope that like, if I own the game digitally
that I could just play it digitally.
But if they're going to sell it to you again, I'm sure that they're going to want that
opportunity to sell to you again.
That would be incredibly shitty if like my digital library didn't roll over company that
also charges $70 for their games.
So yeah, I know.
Um, I I'm curious though, too, cause a lot of folks are noticing that the PlayStation
now prepaid cards are starting to disappear.
I guess that's been a whole thing as well.
And folks are thinking that this, well, folks are thinking that this rumored PlayStation
plus and cloud gaming getting rolled into that.
And that whole thing may be all coming to a head here.
Um, that all of this is kind of together.
Like it's not a coincidence that this is all happening at once.
And that may be the PlayStation three stuff.
Is it all going to be cloud stuff?
Cool.
I, yeah, I don't know.
Like, isn't that already cloud stuff now?
I mean, like, it's just, I just don't want PlayStation now.
Period.
Like if, if like they had the, uh, I don't even know if they have the option of like
download stuff.
It's just, that's not interesting to me.
I have a ton of games on the PlayStation.
I just, I don't play PlayStation anymore.
I don't want it either, especially with my shitty internet these days.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, like it's like, Oh, but you can, you can stream it.
Okay, cool.
Don't want to do that though.
Like I'd rather just play the disc I have or something.
Leo.
It's like, I don't, whatever.
That's fine.
All right.
I thought this was an interesting thing that kind of, uh, crossed my desk.
This week is one of those things that dark Tetsuya put down in front of my eyes and was
like, look at this.
Cause this is interesting.
And I agree.
This is an article that a vice was running.
Uh, and I thought this was neat.
Uh, apparently the y'all know, I'm sure anybody that is around our age knows of the epic NES
emulator.
Nesticle was the name of it, which is a little bit dirty, but that was the point.
And there was also a followup emulator of sorts.
There was Genesis that would play the Genesis games.
Right.
And the big deal about those emulators is that they were really the first bit.
They weren't the first emulators, but they were the first to do it so well on a lower
end computer that these, these.
Emulators really caught fire.
And, uh, I can tell you like those that my college years, those were huge and instrumental
about those years.
And there never was really a super Nesticle or SNES, which obviously kind of became the
next thing that got emulated after the Genesis.
And I remember, I think the big ones back in the day were like ZSNES.
And I think there was another one, but we never really saw what the maker, cause it
was one guy that did Nesticle.
He might've had help or whatever, but it was basically all credited to one guy, Sardu,
that did this.
And, and I remember asking this question on a episode in the past, but that guy ended
up going to work for EA.
Sardu went to work for EA and he ended up working on sports titles.
And there's a big aha moment with all this because apparently what happened is that there
was an Easter egg in a GameCube game that would run Super Punch-Out.
So, uh, the GameCube game was Fight Night round two.
And in this Easter egg, you could actually play Super Punch-Out.
Well, somebody through looking through the code found out that that whole thing was running
on SNES-ticle, Super Nesticle, basically.
So his original vision or whatever for, for what Super Nesticle was going to be, it was
essentially bought by EA.
Kind of going back to that whole comment Dark Soccer said earlier about when you do something
for a company, the company now owns it.
That's big.
So EA bought themselves some SNES-ticles basically to use as this.
Now, obviously retro programming is not the only thing that the author is, you know, I'm
sure doing at this point, but it is very interesting.
Now, why is this relevant?
We're talking about an old ass GameCube game in the Super Nesticle.
Well, for one, I think a lot of people would be interested, like whatever happened to that,
you know, that guy and his emulators and things like that.
But what happened, a Swedish programmer recently, Johannes Holmberg, took this knowledge and
basically reverse engineered Fight Night Round 2 to isolate that emulator.
And it was only used to play Super Punch-Out.
So who knew if it could run anything else?
But it's now on GitHub.
There's a Python script on GitHub called the SNES-ticle Liberation Project, which you can
find the URLs kind of long, but maybe somebody, if you can even hear me in chat right now,
can link that.
But yeah, it's basically a disk image file that will run SNES-ticle.
And apparently most Super Nintendo games do run.
Of course, they have to do more testing and there's even Mode 7 effects in it.
And it's pointed out Super Punch-Out didn't really use those, but there are issues.
Some of the controller mapping is a little wild and there is no two player support.
So there's better Super Nintendo emulators out there.
But I think this is very interesting because Sardu's particular emulators were such a huge
part of the history of emulators when all is said and done.
I think this particular piece of work was very interesting to a lot of people.
And I don't know if you think about it, the author of this thing.
The guy that made Nesticle is probably like 40 or 50 now.
So who knows how much he wants to be remembered for this type of stuff.
But I just think it's very interesting.
I really do.
So yeah, looking in chat.
Oh, the other Super Nintendo emulator, I couldn't remember.
SNES 9X.
That was the other one.
They were kind of two that were big at the time.
Yeah, good call out, you guys.
That was always the one I used was SNES 9X.
Yeah, yeah.
One of them would do like internet multiplayer, but it really wasn't good.
But I remember playing, I think I finally played through something like Secret of Evermore
on one of those emulators.
It was like Beast Nest as well.
I mean, there was some of the Mac ones too.
Like right now, I'm actually, I'm trying out Openemu.
Yeah.
It's just supposed to be like multi machine emulation.
Dr. Tsuya in chat says, I just thought it was a really cool story.
I remember hearing about SNESicle and the hidden Super Punch-Out.
Yeah, I think it's fascinating because, and especially because like, again, those were
my college years were playing the shit out of those emulators.
And I know it's an illegal gray area, but being able to keep that at the forefront of
my mind, enabled me to buy these retro collections all these years later and actually sign up
for the Nintendo Switch online and spend way more than I'd care to admit on virtual console.
It's almost as if you legally put the emulators out.
A lot of times people will take advantage of it.
That's for sure.
Fifth Dream in chat says he just worked at EA back then, so he may have just stuck it
in and now it's EA's.
I doubt he just stuck it in.
I don't think you do that when you're a new guy, you know, working on a game like that.
I think they knew he built emulators.
They had the rights to do this particular thing.
They wanted it done well.
And I think they used, I think they basically bought this guy's code to do it.
So, interesting.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
So, and I actually, I had posted this on my Twitter not long ago, but SNK versus Capcom
Card Fighters Clash is on the Switch now.
You can just go get it.
It is a port of the Neo Geo Pocket Color game.
And it's $7.99.
You can get it in the eShop.
It's got characters all over both companies' history.
And it was really popular and really fun.
We've got the originals.
We were totally into playing a bunch of that, remember?
Yeah.
And I was, but this was, this was part of why I thought like this is very much like
a Jamie alert for this week.
And I know a lot of people were pleasantly surprised by the release of this on the Switch
because it really did kind of come out of nowhere.
Yeah.
Well, I saw a post about it.
I reposted it.
I haven't gotten it yet, but I mean, it's definitely, I don't know.
It's kind of one of those things that's like, I've got the original and I'm kind of don't
want to go back and play it, but I know a lot of people do and a lot of people missed
it.
So it's great.
It's a great one.
All right.
Especially because it has last blade characters in it.
That makes me happy.
So just quickly going back to the last story, because I'm pretty impressed with what Bobby
Black Wolf is doing with his research here on Sardu and where he's been.
Apparently Bobby found the LinkedIn profile and he works at Tiburon in Orlando.
So he works on Madden.
So that's all on the public LinkedIn profile.
And on the age portion, he graduated high school in 94, which if I remember correct
was the same year.
Yeah.
So he's exactly your age.
So that's what am I doing with my life?
Well, a lot, a lot.
You've done a podcast for 20 years.
Where's your emulator?
I'll emulate.
That's still, you know what though?
But the fact that, you know, the fact that he wrote an emulator then at a relatively
young age, so he did that in college and it was better than anything else.
It was so good that other game companies wanted to buy that talent.
That's very impressive.
I hope he's making buku bucks at EA and, and that's the, that's the person that should
be on the highest paid list.
Not these fucking CEOs.
Seriously.
All right.
Anyway, uh, Loki, speaking of people that should get paid, uh, people that, um, clean
the internet of garbage should definitely get paid, right?
Right.
Yes, exactly.
So apparently Twitch has purged over 15 million hate raid bots, uh, as of last year, um, to
which I have the follow-up question.
How were there 15 million hate raid bots on Twitch?
They weren't doing, uh, account verification at the time.
And since they brought in the account verification, it's taking quite a bit for, uh, some of
these bot accounts to get around it now.
They're so, have you ever looked at the viewer list when you're streaming though?
I have so many bots that hang out in my channel and for the most viewers are just lurkers.
They're there.
They're neither it's, I believe, you know, somebody feel free to correct me if I'm wrong.
I believe that because Twitch's chat system is essentially a customized version of IRC,
which we used to use back in the day.
Right back in the day.
Yeah.
Which actually really wasn't that long ago.
If you think about it, we've only been on Twitch since like 2018, but, um, IRC, basically
Twitch is running off a customized version of that.
So I think a lot of these bots, and I think like Nightbot kind of leverages that a little
bit.
It doesn't really watch your channel, but it's leveraging those IRC skeleton portions
to, uh, respond to commands in this case.
But you have all these other bots that are lurking, to which suddenly lurkers are speaking
up and chat rep cycled says, uh, I'm real.
I promise.
All right.
No, I luckily I've seen your name before, so I know you're real, but I'm talking about
in my personal stream, it'll say I have two viewers.
And then I look at the list of who's in the channel and there's all these bots and you
can tell their bot names.
And I'm like, do I ban them?
Cause they seem harmless.
Like I just would like to know what data they're collecting.
Some, some of them are analytic bots.
Some of them do belong to Twitch.
Yeah.
I'm fine with analytics and data and just curious Kathy's.
I'm fine with all that.
I, you know, it's obviously it's the haters that can go away.
Like right now I have a bunch of people that are left in here from when I did my marathon
who haven't left.
Yeah.
But like I have things like meta view, you know, just different trying to, you know,
another TT, another TTV viewer.
I've seen that one.
So, so these are all just analytic.
Some of them are analytic ones.
Some of them are legit people, you know, uh, actually, you know, friends, you can click
on, on the name.
Like I'm clicking on just a bunch of names in a row and these are like actual people.
Although my favorite one right now is broke my stream deck.
Uh, and, and lurkers, you can feel free to lurk.
I, I do not mind a lurker.
I lurk in a lot of channels.
I lurk in dark soccer's channel.
Cause I like to watch on my Xbox.
I saw you in there too.
Yeah.
Still lurking.
I, I am fully down to, uh, to, um, what's the word I'm thinking of?
To, to let people, you know, hang out and lurk.
I'll, I'll leave names in there.
It's the moment that they start actually saying something that's harmful to my community.
Oh, yeah.
Barf.
Yeah.
Then, then, no, I'm not, um, I'm, I'm not down for that.
I'm gonna ban them.
There were also, um, I was using this tool that, that bourbon linked a while back.
Um, who, uh, another awesome, uh, DBD and a new world streamer.
Um, there was a tool that will let you look through your, um, your history of like who
joined at like a certain time and by certain names and then let you just mass ban them.
Oh, interesting.
Which was wonderful.
I've, I've got the tool somewhere and sometimes I still use it.
That's why I like for my follower goal, my follower goal is like a few, you know,
as it shows on my stream is a few off than what I actually have.
So, um, yeah, it's kind of weird that way.
It's funny you mentioned him too, because that's a perfect example of one of those channels.
I think I've maybe ever said one thing in the chat room, but I've watched a lot just on my
Xbox, like in the background when I'm, you know, doing it.
So it's just, it's just funny.
I have a lot of Twitch people like that where I haven't really, and there's others where like,
I participate and it's nothing like.
He's a great streamer.
I wouldn't watch him in the first place, but it's just, you know,
sometimes I'm just not able to actively chat.
So I just lurk, you know?
For me, it's weird to come out and suddenly say, hi, I'm watching.
Yeah, he's, he's one of the ones that I can give shit to and get it back.
And it's pretty fun.
That's good.
That's good.
Tease him for his toxic Steve.
All right.
But yeah, but at any rate, I think that whatever it is that Twitch did,
and I want to say that that verified user thing is a pretty big step in it.
Yeah.
I haven't seen very many hate raids.
If anything, in some of my bigger streamer friends chats, I have seen,
um, like a person come in and well, uh, actually a funny scenario was, um,
it was, was it Lily Pie I was watching?
I think it was Lily Pie.
Um, who this person just came in being like this racist piece of shit.
And she's like, I played like three ads while this person was in my chat.
So I made money off of them.
And then they take themselves out.
Yeah.
So yeah, there's, there's, yeah, I, I've seen a few spam bots and some occasional
nerdom, uh, nerdy things and not in the good kind of way in people's chat, but,
uh, yeah, for the most part, like it seems that a lot of the tactics, which has been
using has been effective and that's good.
No, that's about time.
Good way to start off 2022.
I still think that they need to do something about their auto banning system.
Because there were, there were people that were getting banned, um, for just for like
stuff that wasn't actually like a real offense.
And of course, nobody responds to it.
They'd stay banned for that 30 days.
And then it's a strike, especially bad for people who are trying to go for partner.
Right.
Yeah.
Which I could use another, you know, 70 people watching my stream at any given point in time.
So could vog.
So could my channel.
It's just finding that wave to make you, uh, carry carry further.
So, yeah.
All right.
Um, speaking of big things on Twitch, uh, we have to, of course, in our last slotted
story spot tonight, talk about AGDQ or awesome games done quick.
And I'm sure many of you that listen to our show also listen to Bobby Black Wolf, who
is live before us on Sunday nights.
And I would encourage you to check out his podcast if you are a podcast person and not
hearing his show live.
But our pal Bobby was one of the hosts for this and hosted some of the speed runs.
And I saw, um, I saw the earthbound one, a little bit of that.
That was a lot of fun.
And I watched some of the ones he wasn't hosting too.
It's always a good event, very well received by, um, I think the gaming community, a lot
of positive vibes in that chat room.
They limited to subscribers only.
So I honestly just that alone clears out a lot of the garbage, uh, because, you know,
I, and I don't think subscribers only is an effective tactic for streamers like dark
soccer myself, where we don't have the 70 plus people watching, but when you have 50,000
people watching, it's very effective at keeping a lot of the trash out.
So, um, they do a good job with that.
And it's kind of fun to watch, uh, chat sometimes in there.
Um, but games done quick also shattered records.
They raised 3.4 million.
That is the largest amount of money that games done quick, either summer or winter
and the awesome version has ever raised.
And, uh, that was for the prevent cancer foundation.
So that's really cool.
Also during the marathon, there were some new world records set, meaning the fastest
games have ever been run, uh, including, uh, newer games like Kina bridge of spirits.
Uh, and then, uh, pumpkin Jack, uh, Sekiro shadows die twice was a blindfolded that had
a lot of people.
I don't think that was a world record, but that was a, uh, uh, thing that had a lot of
people.
Yeah.
I'm trying to teach crazy.
That was just pretty, pretty awesome.
Pretty incredible.
It really is.
So, uh, yeah, lots of good stuff to see.
I, a lot of people were tweeting me about the, uh, not itg, which was like basically
DDR and in the groove, just bananas level, like that level that just makes me exhausted
looking at it and going like, oh, I'm definitely 40 years old.
Uh, and that whole thing, but, um, props to the people that can do it.
It's a very impressive show and help to raise all the money and smash the records at the
end of the day.
And isn't that what it's all about?
All right.
Yeah.
Awesome.
All right.
Uh, let's get to the listener round table.
Unfortunately with the internet cutting in and out, I know the live folks are having
a hard time.
I think they can still hear us.
I know they can't see us.
It's just blitzing in and out.
I'm so sorry, but it's, there's really nothing I can do about it.
Um, I will, I have a lot more to say on this next week for episode 900.
Uh, I'll unfortunately, yes, I'm announcing an announcement, but I will leave you tease
till then.
Um, so, uh, just don't expect this to last forever.
That's all I have to say.
Uh, assuming that ding dong is the power going to be going out.
Oh, is, oh, your power is about to, oh boy.
Oh boy.
What an ending.
All right.
Well, before we end, let me try to see if we got any emails at least to get into tonight.
Okay, cool.
Participate at orange lounge, radio.com.
If you want to send us an email, uh, let's get to the one email that we got this week.
This is back from the seventh.
Um, hi, OLR.
I just wanted to say that I really enjoyed the quote fluff discussions on the post Christmas
episode on the subject of free games that turned out to be a pleasant surprise.
I bought a game boy advance on eBay a few years ago and it came with DK King of swing.
I'd never even heard of it before, but I found it to be truly excellent and underrated platform
game.
The L and R buttons control each of donkey, uh, of donkey Kong's hands, which you use
to grab pegs and swing yourself across around the stages.
Super fun.
Anyway, I hope y'all, uh, you all are staying safe and please keep up the good work Elliot B.
Thank you for the email.
And I love that, uh, the, the random stuff that you come across.
And I thought the fluff segment thing worked out really well too.
Um, you know, most weeks we actually have news to talk about, so I don't know how regular
that segment will be.
Uh, but thank you.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
It was a fun, uh, fun, fun night.
So I'm sorry.
It took us like four weeks to answer it, but, uh, it is 2022.
It's just my God.
It's all right.
Sucks.
It's all right.
Things are gonna, things are gonna look onward and upward.
Participate at orange launcher trader.com.
If you have something you want to contribute in the future.
Um, Loki, did you have any last minute stories you wanted to talk to us about?
I don't, I don't.
Okay.
Well, unfortunately, uh, with the internet stuff, I think at least we got through a show,
but I think the forces that be are kind of telling us perhaps it is time to just go ahead
and wrap things up.
And so I think that is what we will do for the night.
Uh, Hey, we got two hours out at least I'm happy.
It's uh, and the show was good.
Uh, it's just, yeah.
So much to say, and I'm going to say some stuff soon, but until then, let's go around
and get everybody's final thoughts and dark soccer.
I'll start with you tonight.
Um, eat your vegetables.
Okay.
Broccoli is good.
Bye.
Have a good stream.
All right.
Thank you.
Yep.
Hopefully, uh, some more depths in dark soccer's future tonight.
All right.
Uh, meanwhile, uh, I'll say my final thought and, uh, I just pretty much already said it,
but I was going to say, uh, next week is 900 episodes of OLR, which is no small feat.
And I want to thank all of you that stick with us through thick and thin be at the podcast
feed to be at here live through bandwidth, suffrage and all that stuff.
Uh, really appreciate it.
Uh, episode 900.
I've got a personal announcement I'm going to make on the show that I'm really excited
about.
Uh, those of you that follow me on social media will probably see it sooner.
Um, so I will, uh, talk about that and it's going to be, uh, it's also going to, it is
going to affect the show, but it's going to be, I think, I think good stuff.
So I hope, all right.
Uh, Loki, uh, down to you.
Yeah.
I'm just hopefully gonna put some more videos soon.
I want to get back into live streaming and again too, at some point.
Yeah.
It's fun.
You should.
I've been trying to do as much of it as I can on weeknights.
Uh, I forgot to talk about Final Fantasy four pixel remaster.
I played more of that this week.
Um, but I only did, I only did like maybe another hour and a half, but, uh, I'm still,
I'm still enjoying it enough, uh, as much as the font still bothers me, but it is what
it is.
All right.
Um, that's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio.
Thank you guys again for sticking with us, uh, through thick and thin and through a kind
of a rough start to our 20th year.
But, um, it really can only go up from here.
Baby steps, right?
Have a good week, everybody.
Thank you so much for being here.
We'll see you next time.
Happy gaming.
Good night.
They were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
