Don't talk about NFTs, don't talk about NFTs, don't talk about NFTs!
This week, Gamestop, the once video game turned collectible turned toy turned NFT market po...
Classic Orange Lounge radio fans were delighted to hear that Konami has revealed a Castlevania
and a... for crying out loud.
Sega says they won't release something that is an empty cash grab, like NFTs!
And now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to talk about NFTs!
And the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has
a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back with you once again for the first show of our 20th broadcast
year.
2002 episode one to today, episode 898 for this January 9th of 2022.
I am Rob Roberts and I'm joined by my co-hosts who I actually I'm going to introduce out
of order tonight a little bit.
I'll start tonight.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki, everybody.
Hello.
Hi.
Welcome back as the case may be.
Yeah, thanks.
So be here and not where I was.
Yes.
All I told the listeners was that you were in the ER, but I see you're up.
You're smiling.
You even got DuckTales playing behind you.
So everything seems like it's all good, right?
Yeah, it's all right.
I mean, considering.
So yeah, so last weekend I had like, it felt like a sore muscle, but it wasn't going away.
And I thought it was my appendix.
And so I went into the ER and you know, the ER is super slow.
So we did all that.
It ended up not being my appendix instead.
It is a wonderful kidney stone, the gift of 2022.
So yeah, that that's fun.
All right.
Well, let me also introduce Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
We held down the fort last week with a no LR.
So there was no podcast because Dark Sakura and I kind of did a chatty like screw around.
We didn't really talk about games.
We talked about whatever we wanted.
However, we were hypothesizing what's wrong with Loki before I got the text message from
you Loki, like halfway through.
But in the beginning we were hypothesizing what's wrong with Loki and a high five Dark
Sakura.
I think we had landed on kidney stone.
So I think I, I, I, my, my exact phrase was, I hope that's what it is out of all the things
that could be.
Yes.
Yeah.
I think, I think it was like that or appendix would be the like easiest to like the most
routine one.
Neither are fun.
Yeah.
Neither are neither are fun.
Don't get me wrong.
And I'm sure Loki can attest was not fun, but, uh, you know, the appendix actually does
serve a purpose.
I see.
I always thought it didn't like, it was supposed to be something like tied to like uncooked
meat and our ancestors or something.
It was theorized as a, as a, um, a vestigial organ, but action, but oh, oh, yeah, I, okay.
It wasn't just me that lost her.
Sorry.
You just like an internet hiccup.
Like when is, no, I don't think it was like a stupid audio rig for some reason.
This is even before I put, I called loop back.
Oh, I thought it was like a zoom zoom call gone bad.
It's been doing this weird thing with my headphones.
I'll need to fuck with it, but, um, but at any rate, um, it, uh, it houses good bacteria,
especially after periods of gastroenteritis or any sort of digestive issue.
Um, and on top of that, it provides a lot of the immune function in infants.
Hmm.
Interesting.
I read the whole entire study on it and it came up recently in another conversation.
All right.
And dark soccer is bringing, been educating us on facts like that for the last 20 years
in our video game, random shit.
I do it too.
Uh, I like to absorb celebrity stuff, so I've got to say this at the top of the show, we'll
get into our kickoff topic here.
I watched the walk-in, the walk, the walk-ins cause, uh, someone played, was it Nick that
played it on his channel?
I was someone, someone did the, uh, the, uh, workroom walk-ins.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.
I don't want to talk about drag race.
No, no, no.
I want to talk about, I was just going to say, but, but I already have a favorite.
Okay.
But we'll talk about that if we have no emails, but I want to say, I want to, um, we do have,
I want to mention this at the time.
So another thing we talked about on the no LR and you guys can go back and watch it.
I did, um, clip it for, um, the Twitch TV subscriber archives, but I do want to stress
because I don't want the podcasters to feel like they're missing out on something.
It got really off topic.
We were talking about like COVID and all this stuff that like has nothing to do with gaming
and there were like two headlines from last week.
So there was hardly anything to cover anyway.
But one thing we got into is we were talking about the death of Betty white, because you
know, our listeners know that we love Betty white and kind of expected us to get into
that at some point.
We had to talk about it and that led to dark soccer, kind of looking at a list of, well,
who else is close?
Cause Betty white was 99, right?
And as you were going through this list of 90 year old celebrities, one of the names
you came across was Sidney Poitier and then unfortunately this last week, there we go.
Um, one name that, well, guess who died today?
I heard.
Yeah.
This is so, this is so funny.
Uh, I, I got up from a pre-show nap.
I got up from a pre-show nap as I usually do.
And I walk into the kitchen and Alan goes, Oh my God, did you hear who died?
And I was like, honey, the first thing I do whenever I wake up from it is I check Twitter.
Yes.
I know Bob Saget died.
Um, but that, that was certainly not on the list, uh, because he was only 65.
That's that's very young and very surprising.
And I think a lot of people are kind of feeling that whole, like, what, like, was he murdered
like on tour and yeah, no.
And for the record, he was not murdered.
And I, I, there was a, a tweet from a verified police thing in Florida that says no foul
play, no drugs.
So this appears to be the man probably, I, again, I don't like overworked, overstressed,
overworked, bad living, a heart attack probably.
Who knows?
I don't mean to be disrespectful by making things up, but sometimes shit happens.
People spontaneously combust.
It just, things happen.
Um, so yeah, and a lot of people are saying he tweeted last night.
Yeah.
It just shows every day.
Every day is, is a gift.
Anyway.
Um, we'll get into our kickoff topic tonight.
Let me go back to Loki though.
Loki, I'm glad you're doing better and we're all happy to have you back.
Um, I don't think dark soccer, I really wanted to do the first show of our 20th year without
you.
And the news last week was kind of eh, anyway, so, I mean, the biggest headline was Square
Enix and NFTs and here's enough NFT stories to, to fill a dumpster right now.
So we'll get into some of those stories later.
I'm glad you didn't get Ms. Omicron while you're sitting there in the ER.
Cause that was my thought.
I was like, you're sitting, you're in the ER with all these coughing people probably.
Well, yeah, so they have at least separated, like if anybody had respiratory issues, they
got basically banished to the tent outside.
Um, so there was, there's, there was still like some people out there that like, um,
there were still some people like coughing and stuff, but I did my best to like stay
as far away from them as possible.
Um, I just didn't like being in the, in the ER in the first place.
Cause like nobody knows medical procedures, like give me the creeps.
And so I had to have an IV.
I did not like that.
Oh yeah.
You don't, you don't like that.
They gave you that good painkillers stuff like pills and shots.
Yeah.
I don't like needles.
Um, IVs kind of creeping out.
So I had to have the, the, I don't know what you call it, like the intake or whatever.
Like I had to have that stuck in my arm for like hours and I was sitting in the lobby.
I was like, uh, and then, um, so then I had that had to have a CT scan, which is pretty
cool.
Um, those are pretty cool.
Those are kind of like spaces and awesome.
Uh, they're cool.
And I was having all the, the things that my pancreas and they would do the radio, the
ultrasound, it was ultrasound, sorry, not a cat scan ultrasound.
I used to say, oh, we're looking at the food baby.
Yeah.
So that, that was kind of cool that the, you know, that thing is like very like Stargate
E. Um, and then, uh, but most of it was just sitting and it was so boring and you know,
I was just people watching, you know, there is a couple like crazies that came in.
There's somebody that stepped on a nail, um, uh, testicular towards everyone was a contortion
or something like that.
And it's something like that.
How do you hear that stuff?
You're not supposed to, you're not supposed to hear what's going on with the people.
Okay.
So yeah, yeah.
It does not matter.
People will say, where did you go to the ER?
The Walmart pharmacy?
Like no, they seriously were discussing stuff like with patients, like just out loud, just
everywhere.
I'm like, uh, HIPAA yo, I mean, but like say their names.
It's not technical disclosure.
So it, it was, yeah, it was, it was all right, I guess, but it's super like everything took
a long time.
So I was there for like eight hours and I remember like I left there like when I left
the house, I'm like, Oh, this is going to take all day.
And then, yeah, you texted me, you were like, I'm at the ER, I'll let you know about the
show tonight.
And I'm like, you're not going to be at the fucking show tonight.
I'm like, so I'm texting Jamie.
Loki's not coming tonight.
Yeah.
It just, it took a long time to get into the CAT scan is what, what happened was, you know,
with that.
Um, but yeah, I'm glad it's over.
Um, they gave me a bunch of medications that I can't really take because I, because also
not only is it, am I phobic about needles, but I also can't swallow pills for some reason.
So it's like, I am just a medical marvel, um, uh, yet, but yeah, these, you can't, and
I tried, I did get it down once.
And then that was it.
But thankfully though, the, the urologist said like, no, you don't need to take that.
It's only, we'll speed up the process, but like two days or we're all out of like six
to eight weeks.
It's just like, really?
It's no big deal.
Um, so that's a relief, but did, did the process finish Loki or are we still waiting?
No, we're still waiting.
Oh no.
Ooh.
So like they, okay.
Like the initial measurement they said was nine millimeters, which is enormous.
Um, but then she said it was, it was like a, uh, grain of rice, I guess, but bigger,
like, so like four by seven grain of rice shape.
Oh my God.
Did they do the sound thing to try to reduce it?
No, not yet.
They're waiting to see.
So, um, as long as it doesn't pull in ever given, they go in there sideways.
We're okay.
I was, I was telling Loki before when I had mine, they did, uh, break mine up a little
bit.
Um, but Dan had one and I've had one in the pain.
Isn't like that sharp pain afterwards.
It tends to be a little bit more dull as it's passing.
Yeah, it's been like, thankfully the last few days have been fine.
And the other days that I do feel it a little bit, like it's just uncomfortable.
Um, and I'll just take like ibuprofen or something for that.
And then that's fine.
Um, the only other thing that I don't like about it is I occasionally, although I haven't
for the last few days, I'll get chills without having a fever.
So that sucks because then my, my abdomen muscles tighten up and it hurts worse.
Not a ton.
Like, it's just like uncomfortable.
I mean, that's probably, it's not like painful.
It's just like, this is uncomfortable.
It's like a sore muscle.
Well, take care of yourself.
Take care of yourself, Loki.
And it's good.
It's good to have you back.
So, um, yeah.
The good news though, is I haven't been drinking Red Bulls for the whole week.
So, you know, shouldn't be, yeah, there you go.
Maybe this'll be a, we don't know that you have to, I'd say it's a likely candidate.
The time to, uh, kick that habit.
Maybe I did want to mention this though, since I didn't get to have you here last week to
talk about this.
Um, you know, we have to go back to like two weeks ago and on December 25th, I had spent
that day with Dark Sakura.
And we talked a little bit about that on the show, but then the day after our last show,
which was the 26th, I actually got to see you, Loki.
And I wanted to show this to listeners because Loki gave me a little something, something
and I want to, and by the way, I actually have two of them because one of them is for
Dark Sakura because Loki was like, you'll, you'll probably see her before I do.
Um, and what I have, let me open my bag again.
I actually have an NES cartridge, a physical copy of this little indie game we've talked
about on this show.
A lot of times it's called Pixel Poops number two.
There it is.
The actual cartridge, actual NES cartridge.
And it's very legit, Loki.
Congrats.
I have to confess though.
I haven't played it yet cause I don't have a working NES.
So I feel like nobody told me this was out yet.
I don't have, I'm not selling the physical cards yet cause I, I don't have enough of
them.
It's a secret advance release for special people, Dark Sakura.
Did you not hear me say I have two and one's for you?
So happy.
And part of the reason I need to bring you your copy is that you probably have a working
NES.
We can play it on.
So I want to see, I want to see it on the original hardware.
So I'll see if we can lend you an NES.
Yeah.
Uh, Tiger Claw says you are holding a one of a kind prototype of an NES cartridge of
the game.
Yeah, true.
I guess that is true.
So, um, that's awesome.
Limited edition.
I'm just, I'm happy my friend made a game and I want to support it.
So thank you Loki for, uh, hooking me up with a cartridge.
That's great.
He also has your, uh, animal crossing cards too.
Yes.
Star Cyrus animal crossing cards are in here.
And I think was there two magazines?
I forgot to look.
I think it's just one.
Oh, nevermind.
You get the cards.
The magazine.
All right.
But I'll show you the magazine.
It's, it's a copy of the cool shit magazine that Loki was featured in.
So it's pretty cool.
So awesome.
Scan the article.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
All right.
Um, okay.
Uh, enough.
Let's get into talking about games here.
Uh, we're talking about the consumer electronic show here at the top.
Not usually a lot of gaming news that comes out of consumer electronic show, but this
year, pretty big teas, right?
Loki.
Yes.
I'm very excited.
This is coming at some point, but we just didn't know what the details were.
So that's the Sony PlayStation VR two.
They had formally announced it now, of course, no details aside from some of the specs, because
this is CES, no price, no release date availability, good luck with that.
But it is going to be for the PlayStation five, obviously, uh, there are some new dedicated
controllers for it.
They call them sense because there's two of them get it dual sense.
Um, so they look like your bog standard, you know, VR controller.
I mean, you've got the ring, you've got the kind of handheld stuff.
They have the face button split between the two controllers and analog six split between
the two controllers.
It's almost like basically having the controller split.
And I don't see that there's like shoulder or a trigger buttons on the top there.
Probably there are triggers underneath.
They typically have that.
So yeah, kind of like a PlayStation dual sense controller just split.
And then, um, of course, some pretty impressive specs on the actual device itself.
So it's got an OLED display with 4k resolution, uh, 2000 by 20, 40 pixels per eye, uh, refresh
rate up to 120 Hertz.
They're going to have 110 degree field of view and also has eye tracking, which is pretty
cool.
And I'm curious to see how they do.
Well, a lot of times with the eye tracking, they may use that for foveted rendering where
they basically render a higher detail where you're looking and everything else is less
detailed.
So it's a way to save on render, um, rendering processing power.
Um, don't know about a whole lot of the games that are coming out for, aside from horizon.
Um, what was it?
There's a horizon.
Some one of their series forbidden West zero Dawn, like a forbidden horizon game in that
universe that they showed like five seconds of it looked cool, but yeah, we barely got
a taste.
Yeah.
Um, and pricing don't know what the price is yet on that, but I'm expecting expensive.
Um, we got to say is until, until Dawn rush of blood too.
And I'm there, I'm telling you, can I, can I say my favorite part of this whole PlayStation
five VR one fucking wire.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
One fucking wire.
Thank you.
Cause the PlayStation four is spaghetti.
It is.
It's a mess, but it's, you know, years old tech now.
USB headsets.
I mean, now they have the tracking on the, you know, it's inside out tracking.
So you don't have a camera that you have to have anymore.
And then of course, everything now can be put through USB type C. So one cord, that's
it.
Um, yeah, definitely doable.
So I, I'm very curious to see what else they have for it.
Um, I think we'll see probably up versions of a lot of existing games.
Like, like beat saber will have to exist on this thing has to back.
Backwards compatibility to like, I'd want to see, like, if they do like stuff with backwards
compatibility, I would hope so too.
But yeah, I kind of want one, even though I don't play VR stuff.
I do.
Yeah.
I just don't have the room for it.
I like enough VR stuff where like, and I liked PS four VR enough where it's like, okay, I
want to get the PS five VR.
I mean, I have to get a PS five first, but I still feel like this is far enough out.
Maybe there'll be a super bundle by this holiday who, of course, whether I can get
my hands on one or not is going to be anyone's business.
Um, but, uh, yeah, I, it's, it sounds very enticing and I'm, I'm just glad Oculus has
a little more competition with something with the higher specs, you know, that's a little
more, you know, of 2022 than of, you know, 2016 or whenever the PS four VR came out.
Um, so yeah, I, I just, I I'll definitely check it out.
I was pretty happy with the PlayStation four VR.
And I think just having, you know, better graphics, more fluid, better stuff is just
going to, um, be even more step up.
Uh, I can't wait to play some more of the workout games and all that.
So they said, so yeah, that horizon games, uh, horizon called the mountain and they said,
it's actually going to be a, a proper game, not just a port of the other, or like an experience,
like a lot of the early VR on PlayStation.
Yeah.
And then, um, you know, the other thing to mention too, is what those sense controllers
is they also have the haptics in there, just like the PlayStation dual sense.
So that'll be pretty cool too.
Yeah.
I can't wait for things like no man's sky to support it too, even though, but the thing
about VR and, you know, I, I really enjoy it 20 minutes at a time.
Like I'm just not going to play a hours long game exclusively in VR.
I just, I can't handle it.
Um, but it's great for things in short bursts.
So that's why Beat Saber is so fucking good because you can play five songs, take the
headset off, take a break.
Okay.
Now I can play a little more and I'm fine.
At least that's the way it is for me.
So, um, yeah, so that's more than I can pretty much do.
I know.
I know.
But, well, I mean, I know you used to kind of be like, not a fan of first person stuff,
but you seem to have made dead by daylight work for you.
Is there, was there a trick there or something different or I just have to get used to it.
And sometimes if I'm having some vertigo issues already, then I, I can't play.
Ah, I see.
Like I had this, uh, one thing and it was when I was pretty soon off of my meds where
I was awake at like three in the morning.
And so I logged on to play and I had myself like a really, really good pig game, right?
In Larry's lots of turns, lots of, you know, and pigs are fast, fast character.
Yeah.
So I got really motion sick and actually had to step away, take my nausea medicine, come
back.
Well, I still got a four K, but still, so, but it was a good game.
So it's a similar kind of thing ish where you got to do it in short bursts, maybe depending
on if I do it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If you do it, um, like, and it also depends on the nature of it, if it honestly, if it's
either too smooth or not smooth enough.
Yeah.
And that, that is going to be an interesting feature of this PlayStation five VR is that
it will be very smooth, right?
That's going to be part of the, like the refresh rates supposed to be a lot better, right?
So yeah, I can see where, um, that could be interesting, but I also remember you played
some VR game at gamer X or one of those, you and I were both there and it was, you were
like, uh, you were like, I could play that.
Yeah.
The game wasn't so bad, but even so, when I was done, I, my sense of depth was all off.
Yeah.
I hear you.
Um, Hey, since we're kind of set all about just about everything we've had to say on
this topic and we're about to get into our gaming weeks, um, you kind of alluded to there,
the med situation.
And I know that kind of like you had your big study this week and everything, right?
So anything you want to comment on that whole thing?
I just congrats on getting through that.
I know it was a difficult period.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So basically in a nutshell, what happened is, um, I hope that didn't sound funny.
I'm still having some issues with my mic being recognized.
No, you're, you're, you're coming through.
Okay.
Anyway.
Um, so I had two types of studies.
Um, uh, I'm trying to remember the other one, the M M S L T S R T, um, it's, it's some,
it's some type of nap test.
Yeah.
Um, but anyway, um, what, what they, it's a multiple sleep latency test at the MSLT.
Okay.
So at any rate, what happens is that they hook up all of this shit to you and it's a
lot of wires, lot of wires.
They put this putty in my hair to get it to stick to my scalp.
And I mean, I had them here, I had them here.
They were here.
They were here.
They were on my neck.
I had one right here for eye movement.
She's pointing everywhere around my eyes.
I had one on my throat for like snoring, I guess.
I had another one, um, on my jaw for sleep talking, I guess, which apparently I did mumble
a bit in my sleep.
Um, I had ECG monitors on electrocardiogram for those who may not be in the know, um,
they put, uh, they put monitors on my legs.
They put them on my arms.
And so that was just for the nighttime test.
So now me, my average bedtime is like between one and 3 AM.
It depends.
I'm just a night person.
I'm always more alert at night.
They had me go into bed like closer to nine, which is like, what am I in elementary school?
Right.
So, um, but I did manage to go right to sleep, which was weird for me.
Um, and then I woke up at midnight and I was wide awake and I laid wide awake.
There were no, there's a window in there, but it was kind of blacked out.
And if I had to go pee, I had to, you know, call someone in to disconnect the box that
all my wires were connected to.
Oh, geez.
And I've got all this on, on my, uh, my Twitter and I'll find the link for, um, the, the,
uh, it's somewhere on my profile at dark Sakura.
Um, I'll find the link though for chatters.
Um, so what, um, finally the lady's like, look, if you can't, if we can't get six hours
of sleep out of you, then we're going to have to do this test again.
And the first thing I thought, oh, they go put that shit in my hair.
So, um, I was like, look, I brought my anti-anxiety meds.
I have not been taking them except when I am desperate to sleep.
Can I take one?
And she's like, okay, because really my, my anti-anxiety stuff is more of an anti-histamine.
And so it was basically the equivalent of taking like two Benadryl instead of one Benadryl.
Right.
Um, so, um, also just to go ahead and, and say this, there are other kinds of sleep tests
that you can take home, but this one is not one of them.
It's not like a basic sleep apnea test.
Right.
Oh, and I also had the finger monitor for, I guess, oh, two.
So, so you got through, you got through the night, you got through the six hours.
I got through the night and they woke me up at 6 AM.
And um, of course, now keep in mind, I haven't had any caffeine for two days now.
Oh, well a whole day.
And then, so the next part of it was I was doing five naps and people were like, oh,
you get to take a nap several times a day.
How lovely.
No.
It's hard to do just, or it's hard to do that many.
Yeah.
The thing is that for me is that during the day when I am unmedicated, I will nod off
at a moment's notice.
I am exhausted during the day.
I am sleepy.
I, I could go to sleep.
Probably right now, if you put me on the bed, I would probably take a nap and it's only
6.40.
So, um, at any rate, uh, first one I laid down and I dreamed.
Second one, same thing.
Third one, same thing.
The fourth one, I think I stayed awake through the nap time, or at least if I slept, I didn't
remember sleeping.
I didn't remember dreaming.
Fifth one, I dreamed through the whole thing, like pretty vividly, pretty quickly.
And each of the naps were anywhere between 20 to 30 minutes.
So in between I ate some really terrible reheated.
I'm going to ask you to fast forward a little bit because we're well, I just have to say
one thing because it was hilarious.
Yeah.
The French toast that they gave me, I sent a picture to Tiara and they said, it looked
like melancholy toast.
And that's what I'm calling it from now on depressing toes, but so you got through the
whole process and are you able to get back on some of the stuff you were doing before
and all that?
I'm easing back into my meds.
Just because if I can get away with taking fewer or smaller doses, I would prefer to
do that, but I already, I'll just go ahead and say what I'm on.
The four things that I had to quit taking was Zoloft.
I don't care.
Normalize it.
Right?
True.
Zoloft and for anyone out there who has to take an SSRI, there's no shame in it.
If you need medication, take it.
I went back to taking half of my regular dose.
I am now taking 75% of my regular dose and I'm feeling pretty okay on it.
I take Provigil, which is something that they give to people with narcolepsy, but they also
give it to people with chronic fatigue syndrome, which I have been diagnosed with.
I'm taking less of it.
I'm actually needing less of it than I used to to stay awake during the day.
That's excellent.
I take a sleeping medication called Trazodone and I was taking four of them a night to sleep.
I am now getting to sleep with one of them and staying asleep.
The weaning has actually been good for me.
Then I take another one called Prazosin.
I am taking my same dose of that and that's something that I take for PTSD.
I do not mind talking about my medications because honestly, if I can normalize mental
issues and show everybody that you can be on them and be a regular, well, I'm not regular,
but you know what I mean?
A mostly regular person.
But anyone can be on medication, whether or not you think that they are, and it's something
that needs to be normalized.
People need to be able to talk about.
That is all true, but it is still your business at the end of the day.
And I don't care.
For me, if I'm in a position that I can help people normalize their treatment and normalize
dealing with mental issues, I'm all for it.
And the thing is, is that all four of those that I was on are also used to treat narcolepsy.
They cannot see if I have narcolepsy until they take me off the stuff that treats narcolepsy.
I get it.
That's kind of the whole thing behind it.
And I'm still not doing any driving right now.
I'm not exactly safe to drive.
I'm still having slightly catapletic moments.
I'm not really sure what to wish somebody that's been through your situation.
I don't think I can say like, gosh, I hope the test results were good.
I just, I hope you get answers.
I hope you get answers and it puts the puzzle together for the doctors and all that good
stuff.
Well, hopefully I'll get the results soon.
I'm off for another week.
So I did take the Wednesday night after my test, I took that off from streaming and I
took last night off from streaming.
But in streaming notes, I only have three more days to go till I hit the 25 out of 30
day thing.
And I'm doing a joinathon on Wednesday.
This Wednesday?
Yeah, this Wednesday.
How fun.
It's basically just going to be like a random little half-assed marathon.
And if people want to follow, great.
I've got some prizes.
If people want to subscribe, great.
I have prizes.
But mostly I just want to hang out and bullshit.
Sounds good.
What's with, why don't you, oh boy, why don't you tell us about the rest of your gaming
week as we're getting into the segment.
Tell us about the other types of games you've been playing this week.
I've actually been playing a lot of games.
First of all, I started Cyberpunk 2077 since it's on Stadia.
It plays very stably.
The car steers like shit with a keyboard and it won't let me use a controller.
Oh, wild.
And I even hooked, for those who are watching, I even hooked this sucker up.
My Street Fighter Wii wired Xbox controller.
That's interesting because, you know, I remember early on when all the crazy like graphic issues
and bugs were happening with Cyberpunk, a lot of people were saying, hey, this is the
best case used for Stadia yet because Stadia is the best place to play it.
It's the least broken there because, you know, you're running on a relatively uber computers,
but it's interesting that you ran into kind of the other issue about you can't really
control it the way you want to.
Yeah, but that's still not as big of a deal to me.
I just lowered the steering sensitivity and it's kind of all right.
But yeah, the steering sensitive and there's a lot more buttons to remember.
I kind of had to put myself a little bit into a Mass Effect thing, but I do hate that
it's first person.
I desperately hate that it's first person.
And if I could find a way to make it third person, I would do it.
So I didn't play a whole lot of it.
It's got some interesting factors in.
It could be a good game.
I don't know if I'm going to stick with it.
I might actually go play Avengers next, but I've also been just sort of working my way
through some of my Steam games as well.
I had this game called Demons Tilt.
That's a pinball game, right?
It is a pinball game.
It is a spiritual successor to the Crush series.
So Alien Crush, Devil's Crush, and Jockey Crush.
Oh, I didn't know those were related.
That's cool.
It's a spiritual.
I don't think it's by the same people, but it's definitely in that style.
It feels like playing Devil's Crush or Alien Crush or any of them.
It's a lot of fun.
I've got a VOD of it on my channel from playing it, and I think that's actually going to become
just like a regular casual thing for me to play on a stream, because like I said a few
weeks ago, when my work schedule changes, my streaming schedule changes, and I'm going
to try to do something that's a little bit more sustainable to get people in at different
times.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, I might even, except for my post-OLR stream, I might be going like at four o'clock.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because then my East Coast buddies can hang out with me.
But I've also still been playing a lot of Dead by Daylight.
I got...
Okay, okay, okay.
Dead by Daylight talk.
Quickly.
Okay.
You know who my worst character is?
Everybody's worst character, practically, Nurse.
Nurse, yeah.
I played my very fifth ever game of Nurse, and I had gone through and just put everybody
on their default perks just so that it would force me to try to learn them in ADEPT.
And I was like, oh, I'm bored, let's just play Nurse, which is I think on my VOD of
me saying that.
Well, either I had infants or I had meme people, although all but one of them were
in Nash levels.
I got my first 5K as Nurse and ADEPTed.
Wow, congrats.
Hey, nice.
Good way to do it.
I'll take it.
I'll take it.
Yeah, nice.
That means I never have to try this shit on Sally again.
And I also got ADEPT tag.
Oh, wow.
Congrats.
ADEPT tag is actually easier than I thought it would be.
Her perks are pretty strong compared to the base kit for others.
I'm not looking forward to ADEPTing Plague.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, congrats.
Honestly, I don't like Pig's perks.
I like playing her.
I hate her perks.
All right.
But yeah, but that's it.
All right.
That's a little diversite in your gaming week there with pinball and cyberpunks.
Cool.
Cool.
And of course I played Fantasian.
Oh, right.
Right.
Right.
Ricky, how was your gaming week?
I think you're muted or I'm not hearing you.
Oh, there we go.
So sorry about that.
Couldn't remember if I was muted or not.
So this week I've been playing Minecraft.
I know it's a shock.
I've been very busy on the server and doing server admin stuff, mainly server admin stuff
lately because I'm running the server.
So today we finally got our server converted over the paper MC, which made it much better.
We've been having like lag issues, like all sorts of crazy like issues from like literally
nothing that should be causing like we have very few players on where have all the optimizations
we could possibly put on the server in there.
And it was just not doing the thing like it's ridiculous.
So switching the paper just magically made everything work just fine, which is fantastic.
And that's how kind of we ran the server last season with Collision MC and stuff like that
and how they're doing it this year.
So I just said bite the bullet and take, you know, put that in there.
I don't know why we were on Fabric in the beginning in the first place, I think is because
somebody wanted to run their personally developed mod packs in there.
And now that player isn't playing on the server.
So he made a bunch of recommendations that we followed and they were bad recommendations.
So once they started ignoring the recommendations, then everything started working.
So yeah, we finally got that done.
And I did a big build for like a harbor and stuff.
I think last week I put out an episode and I should be doing a new one here pretty soon.
So it's been a lot of fun.
Nice.
All right.
Anything else amongst your E.R. adventures and all that?
Just mostly Minecraft?
No, just to explain the DuckTales in the background.
So that is because I convinced my youngest son to watch DuckTales and now he's hooked.
He's hooked on the new series.
Oh, how funny.
But now he watched, he binge watched all three seasons of the new series all this week.
And then he started the old series now.
So I just thought that was funny.
Oh, cool.
You got to make him play the game that DuckTales remastered was pretty good.
I know that I do need the I need to buy that for him.
Yeah.
He wants it.
Didn't it get delisted for a hot minute?
I think it might be back.
I think it like came back.
I don't have it like it's probably like a Disney Afternoon pack or something like that.
Don't they have like there was a Disney thing, but that was a different set of games.
That was like the Rescue Rangers and those those games that they put in that pack.
It might have had DuckTales 2 in there.
But yeah.
All right.
I'll take it.
Dartasuya in chat says it did.
Yeah.
But I think it came back.
I don't know.
Anyway, I don't think I ever shouted out the chat room.
Hi, chat.
Sorry, guys.
We had a lot to catch up on.
Who and I noticed SJ100Matt says gaming week.
A lot of things at MAGFest, mostly pinball.
Yeah.
MAGFest was this weekend.
And boy, I bet it was I bet it was a little strange with everything going on in the world.
But Dragon Con was weird, too.
I was very happy to see all the pictures and things I'm seeing.
Everybody's taking precautions.
So good for y'all.
Let's see.
Oh, Bobby does confirm it came back seven months later.
That's good.
Bobby Blackwolf also bringing up the Rush pinball table, which he went into great detail
about on his show.
And I know like Rush is like his favorite band.
So I am not surprised at all to hear that he went all in on that table.
But Darsakha, I know you're kind of the pinball queen here at OLR.
Did you see on that Rush pinball table or and are you like, oh, that looks good?
Or you just kind of like, no more space?
You're muted.
Y'all check your mutes.
I would, in a heartbeat, get rid of ACDC and Guns N' Roses for Rush.
OK.
And Dan just might come home to find them gone.
That Guns N' Roses table is pretty nice, though, even if it is old axle.
It's not.
No, no, no.
I don't have the old Guns N' Roses.
No, I was going to see Jack Guns N' Roses.
No, I know.
I was going to say a lot of people might be thinking of that older table and it isn't
it is the I used to have one.
But with with old axle, that's my point.
It's the thing you see in the video is dad bought axle.
Yeah.
No, I the Jersey Jack Guns N' Roses is pretty fun.
I mean, I really am a big fan of the Jersey Jack tables.
But man.
Like I would play like the ACDC table, I play a couple of songs on that one just because
they're the ones I like.
Aerosmith table.
I played like nothing but sweet emotion on that one.
I'll play this, you know, some of the different Guns N' Roses one, because I mean, I was in
middle school when at the height of Guns N' Roses, you know, an appetite for destruction
came out.
It's I just was it's interesting.
You named those two tables is one you're willing to sacrifice, but not Megadeth.
I don't have Megadeth.
I thought you did.
What was the other machine I'm thinking of?
Do we have Megadeth?
I think you do not even know.
I don't know.
Go out in your garage and look, I'm pretty sure there was a Megadeth out there.
Well if we had Megadeth that shit can go.
Because they only did two good songs.
I can't believe she doesn't even fucking know what machine she has.
They rotated it out so fast.
I love it.
No, we might be borrowing that one.
Oh, I think you know what?
And I think Dan was saying something about that.
I don't think I think it is you guys are housing it.
Now I have sweating bullets stuck in my head.
Where's my ABBA pinball table?
That's my, that's my, so, so Bob, Bobby was talking about like, you know, you have your
like whatever it is, Holy grail pinball table and like the one thing that's going to make
you go, well, I guess I'm buying a pinball table.
And for him, it was rush for me.
It's ABBA.
So let's, let's all Mandalorian, but I like that one.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway.
Well, the thing is I have to see who did the, um, the design behind this one.
Is it a Steve Ritchie?
Uh, this new rush table.
Yeah.
No, Bobby said it on his show and it was somebody who did, um, other tables.
He went into some of the, uh, John Borg.
That was it.
Oh, okay.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
Yeah.
Um, honestly, the only thing that would make this table even better is if it was a Papa
Duke design.
Hmm.
All right.
Then again, Papa Duke did theater and world cup and Arabian nights.
Oh, those are, yeah, those are classics.
Those are like three of my favorite tables right there.
All right.
Yeah.
Let me get into my given week.
Um, because I actually played a little more than final fantasy 14 this week and dead by
daylight.
I played some other stuff as well.
Um, and a lot of that was thanks to trying to be good about streaming every day this
week.
So I played, um, final fantasy for pixel remaster.
Um, and I, I decided to just grab that.
I was going to say on the steam sale, but I don't think it was actually on steam sale.
I just grabbed it.
Um, because you know what, if I'm going to double dip on any final fantasy, I'm going
to do it with four.
Um, and I say double dip because I'm still holding out hope that they're just going to
put out the pixel remasters again on console.
Um, I really hope they do.
They've got to change the font.
If they do it, the font doesn't annoy me as much as I thought it would, but the more I
thought about it, the more I realized, well, if you're playing on a tablet or phone, that's
right in front of your face.
And if you're playing on a computer screen on steam, that's right in front of your face.
And so the font isn't annoying, but on a television, that's going to be very annoying.
They might be able to get away with it on switch because you can play a switch in handheld
mode.
Um, I'm hoping there's going to be some sort of pixel remaster deluxe that allows you
to change the fonts and maybe has some other extras in it.
Cause the, the, um, extras that come with pixel remaster are pretty light.
You get a variety of artwork and like a jukebox, very standard stuff, uh, for a game.
Um, maybe you can get the bonus dungeon back in there from the Game Boy advanced version
or something.
That would be really cool.
Um, so, um, uh, yeah, um, I was enjoying my time with it.
The thing that surprised me is that the translation is new.
I was like, is this the DS translation?
I just don't remember it very well.
Um, but I did some research on Reddit and it turns out they actually did a new translation
for, um, Final Fantasy three remaster and four remaster.
For whatever reason, they did not recycle the DS ones.
I don't know if that was a space concern or what.
So they actually did do new, uh, um, translations and it, it really does change things of the
story that you might remember from Final Fantasy two growing up with that as a kid.
Because of course, and I think we all know this now, those games were not great translations
because they had to cut many corners to get that game to fit.
And they did things and took shortcuts that I don't think Square would do today in retrospect
and how big the Final Fantasy franchise got here after all.
Um, so it is nice to play those games in more of a context, uh, they were meant to be played.
So, um, yeah, I'm enjoying the pixel remaster outside of the font.
Uh, and I even got the scene for you, Spoony Bard.
I'm happy to report it is still intact in that whole scene.
People would riot in the streets.
Yeah, people, they have to keep that the same, even if you do a new translation, um, also
a new to me game.
I played a game called Death's Door, which came out in the last year and is an indie
favorite.
A lot of people were really enjoying.
I took requests on Twitter.
I was like, Hey, what game should I stream?
Steam sales going on right now.
Convince me.
And, uh, Mike Deff said, get this game.
And so I was like, all right, I will.
Uh, and it's cute.
I'm glad I picked it up.
It's um, I want to say it's kind of like Zelda-y, but kind of like with, um, I don't want to
say a roguelike element to it.
It feels like it, even though the game actually isn't roguelike and nothing is like randomized
in that regard.
Kind of has that sort of feel to it, uh, kind of like puzzle-y type of thing.
Um, and, uh, it's a, it's a very unique art style, uh, which I think kind of draws a lot
of people in as well.
So I've been enjoying my time with that.
It's kind of, it's one of those, like, you have to repeat something three or four times
until you're like, Oh, that's the pattern.
And then you like get it.
So, uh, it's definitely one of those types of games, uh, learning it.
So I had a good time with that.
Um, so I'll probably stream that again for another day next week.
Uh, and then I played a little bit of No Man's Sky, went back to an old favorite because
Expedition 4 started this last week and, uh, I started the expedition on stream.
Um, I only played a little bit off stream and what I meant to do off stream was not
what I finished off stream.
And I'll talk a little bit about that, uh, tomorrow, Monday, when I stream No Man's Sky
again after work.
I'm very excited to get back in on that and I'll tell you about the interesting stuff
that's happened.
Long story short, um, user bases are really allowing people to cheese some of the mechanics.
And Alan, who also streams No Man's Sky sometimes, he has already done with the expedition.
He didn't stream any of it.
He finished it in like four hours.
He said that was the fastest one of all four, um, because A, he knew what he was doing better
than any of the three times that he'd done it before.
And B, the user bases made it simple.
There was a user base called Get Eggs Here.
There was a user base called, uh, Six Bones Here.
And like the user bases that people are making are just telling people like, hey, come here
for the easy grind stuff.
Um, which is, and even if you're not in multiplayer mode, you can still see the bases that other
people make.
And for those of you that think that's a cheesy way to do it, hey, it's your choice to go
or not go to the user made bases.
So there is that.
Uh, Mike Defton Chat talking about Death's Door saying, it's Zelda in terms of exploration
and puzzles.
Combat is fail and learn.
Quest Buster says, I got my wormy head in No Man's Sky.
It took me around seven or eight hours blind to finish the expedition.
I used one of those bases for the eggs.
I guess I'll go ahead and say here, me too.
That is the thing I got finished off stream.
I wasn't expecting to because somebody made a base called Egg Farm and I was like, how
do you farm those eggs?
And uh, for those that don't know the game so well, there are these alien eggs and usually
when you, when you farm them by attacking them, you have to pick them up right away
or they'll disintegrate and then a swarm of really nasty aliens comes out to attack you.
It's like immediately going to like a four star rating in Grand Theft Auto.
It's really nasty.
Well, what somebody did at this base, they found one of those outlets and they built
a wall around the entire base and put the eggs inside that wall.
So it's like two walls basically like, like Tron like bikes in tandem going around the
base.
Um, and what they did is that, so when you pick up the eggs, the things spawn, they don't,
they figured out this cause they never spawn on top of you.
They always spawn a little ways away and they, they're too stupid to get through walls.
So you pick up the eggs, the aliens can't get through the walls.
In about a minute they dissipate and you go back to your ship.
Easy peasy.
So that was, that was very much the sound of that.
Yeah.
Right.
So it's make it, making the grinds pretty easy.
So we'll finish that on my Twitch tomorrow.
Uh, I actually logged, I stopped my game off stream at that base so I could show it tomorrow
on stream.
So if you want the coordinates for whatever reason and all that, uh, it is in that same
galaxy.
Um, what was I calling that one?
It had the planet called like Bonesville that had all the, somebody named the planet with
all the ancient bones, Bonesville.
So he knew where to go and it was on another planet in that same galaxy, which I think
I was calling like, uh, what the, what was it?
Like shucks or something like that.
I don't know.
S S S C something.
So, um, yeah, so we'll play that, uh, again tomorrow on my Twitch over at Rob Roberts.
Okay.
Um, we have some gaming news to talk about.
There's been a few things that have happened this week among CES and other stuff.
Now that we're getting back into the routine and I hope all of you that went back to work
this week had a great time.
Well, I mean, I know work isn't always a great time, but I hope you hope you had a good restful
holiday that made getting through this week easy.
And now, uh, some of the video game companies are getting back to work.
So we are getting a little more news and we're going to start with Loki's headline.
Yeah.
So, um, Jeff Ross, who was, um, at one time, I think with a sucker punch productions, um,
or I'm sorry, uh, Ben's studio.
So Jeff Ross, they, they were the ones that did like days gone and resistance.
And, um, so apparently days gone, didn't perform as well as Sony had wanted it to.
So they sold, I guess, over 8 million copies, but because, um, it wasn't enough that they
basically canned a sequel to the game.
And I don't understand how they can be disappointed with like over 8 million copies being sold
and it's still more to this day.
Um, maybe cause of the review scores, it wasn't as, you know, well-reviewed, um, but with
that though, there's, you know, they're still pitching other ideas.
So the studio is looking to maybe even go back to, um, an open world resistance game,
which I am all for.
I love to resist.
Yeah, that is a great series.
It was like, um, it was like, it was actually, it was funny cause it reminded me of, oh wow.
That was, oh, okay.
So, okay.
And then my internet just went, uh, took a big hit there.
So as we're broadcasting live, there must've been a huge hiccup on Comcast and because
Loki dropped and my thing just went to a red box and then immediately came back.
So we probably lost a few frames on Twitch.
The podcast will sound normal cause it comes from a localized recording, but I just have
to buy a little more time while Loki reconnects here.
That was a very strange, connected.
You are here.
Yeah.
We just don't see you yet, but we hear you.
That's good enough.
Um, so you were talking about, uh, the resistance open world.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah, I'm all for that.
You know, the resistance was such a really fun game.
The first one, at least I'm second, I don't remember if I liked it as much, but the first
one I really enjoyed.
Um, this is coming back from like when I kind of liked it, you know, call of duty two and,
um, even like, uh, like the original modern warfare games and stuff like that were pretty
fun, but like, it was just a really fun kind of mix.
So like a world war two shooter with like this alien halo, almost elements to it.
And I really enjoyed it.
So yeah, I would love for them to bring that back.
It's more so, you know, than days gone.
I never played days gone and yeah, the zombies are kind of overdone.
You know, I can't be helped, but reminded of that story about how tomb Raider apparently
undersold and everybody was sitting here going what?
But I mean, that was evil cause like tomb Raider, I still feel like probably that game
did better than days gone, but I still feel like a lot of people grab days gone.
Do you think maybe Sony shot it in the foot by giving it away too early on like PlayStation
plus and that sort of thing?
I don't think they even shot it in the foot.
Like if they're saying they sold 8 million copies of it, like true, like how many copies
of this game did you want to sell?
Like, I don't know.
And then it's on a PC now.
Um, so I mean, yeah, who knows how much sold like 8 million copies.
And they're saying, you know, that's a huge success, but like, I don't know, 8 million
copies in less than two years.
Like it could be about the budgets.
I don't know.
Maybe I don't know what the budget of the game was, but like, I mean, geez, like what
are your expectations?
Make those a little bit more realistic, please.
I know.
All right.
This game that you're developing has got to sell a hundred million copies to 10 million
people.
Yeah.
Um, I'm going to apologize to the live folks because I see that we are kind of going up
and down with the frames and I don't know what's causing it.
There's no inclement weather or anything going on.
So this is just some weird and plus, Loki, you, you lost your internet hiccup too, right?
So this must be some wider like west coast issue.
I'm still like connected with everything.
So like it just, my camera like blinked and I was about it.
So I don't know.
Something weird is going on you guys.
I'm very sorry.
We're going to push through for the sake of the podcast folks.
Um, but thank you for sticking with us here live on Twitch.
I don't think I said this yet, but we do tape live of course, every Sunday night at nine
o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at VOG network,
twitch.tv slash a V O G network, the voice of geeks network and where we've been for
now our 10th year at VOG network.
I mean, technically the birthday's in like April, but, um, you know, we're celebrating
20 years a little early at OLR.
So why not celebrate 10 a little early at VOG?
So one of the things I liked about resistance for some of the weapons that they had in there,
they had, this was like even before like Titanfall had this where you had bullets basically that
you could tag like an enemy with, and then you can shoot them and they go around walls
and stuff and they'd follow kind of home in on it, which is pretty awesome.
Plus it had a really cool campaign where you unlock a bunch of weapons throughout the campaign
and then you play like almost like a new game plus, and then there's brand new weapons you
unlock as well.
So that's pretty awesome.
That's pretty cool.
All right.
Um, yeah, we just dropped down to zero.
Like we're not actually putting anything out on Twitch right now, but you guys are still
here.
So I know the internet was flickering for me.
Was it interesting?
Cause I was like, I know it's not the internet because, um, uh, you guys are still here.
So it's weird.
All right.
I'm going to try to push through and talk about this next story.
Um, and just hope the internet kind of recovers there.
If I have to, I'll stop the show and fire up, um, a different Twitch server to see if
it's on Twitch's end.
But for now, let me get into this next story.
So, um, of course, consumer electronics show happened this week and arcade one up showed
up and arcade one up was showing off some new cabinets, including a brand new pack mania
cabinet.
Um, I think pack mania has been in before.
This pack mania cabinet though, it's actually a little bit of like a best of Namco collection.
When I tell you what's in this cabinet, it's Dig Dug, Dig Dug 2, Galaga, Galaga ADA, Galaxian
Mappy, pack and pal, pack land, pack man, pack man plus, pack mania, rolling thunder,
rompers and super pack man.
So what's interesting about these arcade one up machines and for a lot of people that have
been bitching this whole time, well, they only put like four games in those machines
and that sort of thing.
Um, I feel like this is sort of like, oh, well now that they've kind of put out all
those games, now they're starting to do more of these super machines.
So again, this really feels like a, like a super Namco collection.
So dark soccer, how do you feel hearing about that?
Cool.
Yeah.
You, are you, are you kind of interested in it?
I'm sorry.
Are you, are you kind of interested in that machine?
Kinda.
Yeah.
I don't blame you.
I'm sorry.
You're breaking up really badly.
Okay.
Then that's so weird.
Did you see the other ones too?
The other, uh, the Midway and uh, Midway and the Azhar Academy.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, no, I was going to get, I was going to get there.
There's a mortal combat one as well, which is just a Midway collection.
I want this machine to be honest.
I want the Tron one more, but I really liked this one.
This one has bubbles, defender, gauntlet, joust, klax, mortal combat one, two and three,
paper boy, rampage, tapper, tuben, ultimate mortal combat three and wizard of war.
That's a really solid collection.
And then there's a centipede cabinet, which is basically an Atari collection with a car
asteroids, asteroids, deluxe, centipede, crystal castles, gravatar, a liberator, lunar lander,
major havoc, millipede, missile command, space dual, super breakout and tempest.
Now on top of all this, we have the very first pro machine that is coming out.
This pro machine is a killer instinct cabinet.
It is a clone of the first killer instinct cabinet, but it is a 19 inch screen and it
has, it's basically the size of an actual arcade cabinet.
You know how arcade one up machines, they're kind of a little bit smaller, even though
you still play them standing up and they kind of, they kind of feel right.
They still, they, but this is going to be the actual size of a real cabinet.
And for that reason, you can expect it's probably going to be closer to a thousand dollars,
but still a pretty nice machine there.
And I'm sure Dark Sakura is probably going to be interested in that.
So all right.
Yeah.
I love that game.
The internet issues are continuing.
So before we get to Dark Sakura's next story, we're going to do a little bit of a break
here.
I'm going to do the whole, turn it off and on again, just to make sure it's not my internet
and we'll be right back.
Please stay with us, folks.
We'll be right back here with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And unfortunately that ended up being the end of the show.
I had some pretty major issues with my upload speed that took a few days for the cable company
to fix.
Sucks when things out of your control happen, but what can you do?
Appreciate those of you that turned up live and those that listened to the podcast this
week.
Sorry it's a late post, but the hobbled upload meant I couldn't even move the recording to
Dropbox and sorry about the abrupt ending, but it is what it is and we'll try again next
week.
Until then, take care everyone.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vog Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
