This week, Nintendo Switch Online Nintendo 64 updates, Nintendo Switch Online Nintendo
64 updates, and Nintendo Switch Online Nintendo 64 updates.
This month's new game, this month's improved game or games, and next month's new game
that might also include next month's improved games.
These are a few headlines rolled into one theme, now it's time for the 900th episode
of Orange Lounge Radio, with your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to give you
details on this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 900 of our
show that is 900 for tonight, January the 23rd of 2022.
And with me as they have been since June of 2002, say hello to my co-hosts.
First off, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi there.
Hi.
Hi.
Congratulations on 900 episodes.
You too.
If you could sum up 900 episodes of OLR in one word, what would it be?
What?
Okay, that's a good one.
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
Congrats on 900 episodes.
Yes.
I'll ask you the same question.
If you could sum up 900 episodes in one word, what would that be?
Okay, great.
Long.
Anyway, a big hi to our chat because we didn't know, did you have a real answer?
That's it.
Okay.
Long.
Um, I think, I think mine might be something like, oh my God, if you remember that old
YouTube except the internet in the past few episodes will be, oh my God, be something
like that.
But I'm going to get to that in a minute.
Uh, I do want to acknowledge our chat room of course, because we do tape live every Sunday
night at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash a VOG network, nine o'clock Eastern
six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby black Wolf show.
And I, I, I usually, I don't read the, um, bit cheers and the sub donations and things
like that until the end of the show.
Cause um, you know, a lot, I know a lot of like normal twitch streams you watch kind
of read that and say, thank you for that.
Thank you for that.
Um, but we are trying to record for our podcast, which people can of course download an iTunes,
Spotify, whatever their favorite podcast app is.
Um, but you go, oh my gosh, like I see you guys donating lots of bits.
I'm seeing, oh my God, there's another five subs, 900 bits, uh, that, and that's not like
a small amount of money, uh, that you guys are saying congrats.
And I'm like, oh my God, do we just get a hype train all the way to level five?
I think we did.
I think we did.
Oh my God.
Thank you so much.
And I just big love to the community.
We, we really wouldn't get to 900 episodes without you guys.
Um, those of you that stick with us, especially because I know, uh, with the live stuff, um,
and we love our podcast listeners too, please don't get me wrong, but the live folks have
been especially putting up with some crap lately because of all these internet issues
I've been having.
Um, I have bad news and I have good news.
I'm ready to talk about this announcement I've been teasing for a while, which, which
most of you have figured out, but let me start with the bad news.
Um, the bad news is I don't see these internet problems getting fixed anytime soon.
Uh, in fact, I fully expect the internet to crap out at 7 15 Pacific tonight as it did
the last couple of weeks as it's been, uh, throughout the week on my personal connection.
Um, I'm trying, but my cable company doesn't seem to understand what the problem is and
it's, uh, it's getting pretty ridiculous to be quite honest.
Um, so unfortunately I'm not sure much can change with that.
However, uh, we did do some preventative things behind the scenes.
For example, if the show looks a little fuzzier or a little choppier than maybe you're used
to, and this is only for Twitch, this wouldn't affect the podcast at all.
Um, but it's because I purposely did a lower bit rate and only 30 frames a second instead
of 60 to try to push less video out the door so that if there is a hiccup, I'm hoping our
audio will still get through if nothing else.
That is something I was noticing in the past couple episodes in the feed.
It's just the video got really choppy and laggy and you guys could kind of still hear
things.
So I'm hoping maybe making some small changes like that, um, will, uh, help those issues.
So we'll see.
Hopefully, hopefully.
Um, now let's talk about the good news.
The good news is I know that this isn't going to happen beyond February because, um, last
summer Alan and I bought a house and you might be thinking, what is taken?
So don't you usually move into a house the next one?
Well, we bought a new house.
We did things a little differently because, uh, we're not like rich or anything like that.
I don't want you to think it's, it's that sort of situation.
But, um, what happened is that the, the market in real estate was crazy and we were bidding
on houses and getting outbid by, I'm telling you $50,000.
We were, we looked at one house in the pocket, oh my God, it would have been beautiful.
Like it would have been great for us.
It had an upstairs loft that would have made the best studio type of area or like arcade
or something like that.
But unfortunately we got outbid by $50,000 in that place.
So it wasn't meant to be.
Um, however, we got sick of playing that game and you know what?
We found some new construction and we were like, time, time's on our side.
We can wait a little longer and save up and things like that.
And, and let's do, let's do this.
Let's go for the house this way.
So, um, we, we bought some new construction and now the construction is finally finishing.
We've been quiet about it for a long time because, um, out of respect to our current
living situation, we don't know who knows who and things like that.
And just, I'm not wanting to, you know, curse anything or what have you, uh, we just didn't
say anything about it until now.
So the good news with that is that, um, after February, so there's not going to be a show
February 20th, because that'll be the weekend that I'm changing.
Uh, but then after that, uh, there will, um, uh, no longer be the old cable provider that
I use now.
Uh, there's a different fiber internet provider out there and I'm just going to hope it's
a whole lot better experience.
That's for darn sure.
So there is that.
Um, so thank you guys very much for the kind words and chat.
I appreciate that.
Continued bits.
Thank you guys so much.
Oh my gosh.
Really, really appreciate that.
Oh yeah.
You know, and what I love about, and I'm not going to say who the provider is because then
you guys are just going to tell me the, all the negative stuff about that company.
Let me give you, um, this in perspective, there's two companies I can pick from our
current company or this new one.
Which one do you think I'm going with?
No matter what y'all have to say.
Yeah, I'm going with the new one.
Um, but then I see about it.
They don't force a TV package down our throat.
Like it's, it's almost made for people who have cut the cord and it's wonderful.
I'm, I'm so excited about it.
That's for sure.
So, um, yeah, there you go.
That's my big announcement.
I wanted to talk about.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Um, one thing I should address, cause I think people are going to wonder and I think people
have been wondering this for awhile, so I think we should probably bring it up.
Um, and the question, or I guess more of the statement is that, um, the, the thing that's
going to be a little different when, um, Alan and I move into the new house, um, there's
not a studio in it.
Uh, well, fortunately we had to go for a house of a certain size and there's not going to
be a studio in the house.
Um, so there isn't really a studio number eight.
Um, so I guess what I'm trying to say is that for now, uh, OLR is just going to continue
in the virtual form that it has been, um, never say never, I guess, because, you know,
maybe one of the offices can be, I don't, I just don't know how it would work on Twitch,
but never say never.
So I don't want to say like forever, but, um, this is just the way we're going to proceed,
uh, for the future.
Um, you know, and COVID is still a thing too.
You know, um, it's a lot smarter that way, honestly, it, it, yeah.
And like, for example, last night I hosted a show at a theater.
It was a great show.
I had a great time.
Uh, it was a tribute to twin peaks and we actually had, um, like Laura Palmer's actress,
Cheryl Lee was actually there in attendance and so forth.
But obviously doing that and hosting that, even though, you know, I wore a mask and vaccinated,
I took all the precautions and that I tried to minimize my interactions close with people.
I still did a risky thing.
And for that reason, I didn't do anything a few days before I'm not going to do anything
a few days after, just to make sure I'm in the clear with all that stuff with the precautions.
If we had had a show in person tonight, that wouldn't really be the case, right?
Like I could, because I took a risk, I could be exposing the co-host.
So anyway, I think y'all know what I'm getting at is that just for a little while, uh, for
the foreseeable future, we're going to continue this virtual thing.
So, um, and it's been working out.
Um, and things are going to get reconfigured, which I think will be really, so the show's
going to look different in about three weeks because I'm already stewing with some ideas
and I think it will be at the end of the day, really cool.
So please, uh, hang in there, stick with us and thank you for being here.
Let's let's, let's see if we can, let's see if we've got enough gas in the tank to get
to a thousand.
What do you say?
I think we'll do it.
Let's do it.
All right.
Let's start off.
That's our big news, but man, there was some big news in the gaming industry this week.
That's for sure.
News so big, Bobby was like, we got to go live now to talk about this.
I was like, yeah, let's, let's, let's talk about it, but there's still stuff to talk
about.
And I want to talk about it with you all tonight.
So Loki, can you get into the kickoff topic tonight?
Yeah.
So Microsoft decided, Hey, you know how you keep asking us about a relationship with Activision
Blizzard and it's a very touchy subject.
We'll just buy them and make it less awkward or more awkward.
I'm not really sure.
So, um, they decided to purchase or at least they intend on purchasing Activision Blizzard
for $70 billion.
Uh, that also include King as well.
So Microsoft will own all of the franchises at that point.
And then, um, yeah, so it's, it is probably one of the largest purchases that, you know,
it's been made in the video game industry, I think.
It's the part that I thought was fascinating.
It's doesn't make Microsoft the biggest company still, it is still behind Sony and Tencent,
which I think is interesting.
Yeah.
So, um, but still though, I mean, they're, they have quite the, the catalog now, um,
right now there's still a lot up in the air.
They basically done this, they've kind of said the same things that they did with Bethesda
where it's like, okay, yeah, we're going to go ahead and honor our agreements that were
in place already, you know, with like call of duty and stuff like that.
So they'll be coming to multiple systems for now, um, in the future, maybe not.
We'll see.
Um, but yeah, it'd be interesting to see maybe if they bring like some of these titles that
aren't necessarily on Xbox to Xbox, like world of Warcraft or something like that.
Um, but we also see, of course, them planning on bringing Activision Blizzard games to game
pass, which really is probably the end game with this anyways, it's just adding a ton
of, ton more content to, uh, games pass in general.
And you know, there's been obviously some questions like, is Bobby Kotick going to still
be on board for this right now?
Yes.
But I'm not sure after the deal closes, if he will stay, I think they are probably going
to let him go.
A lot of the stuff that's come out later in the week, Loki is, um, pretty much the plan
is that there is no plan for Bobby Kotick after the deal is closed, but they do have
to close the deal because, you know, there's going to be, I'm sure regulators are going
to look at, look at this hell one representative, I think it was Jerry Nadler, um, already kind
of wrote a tweet about, you know, this sounds like it could be, you know, it needs to go
under the microscope and this whole thing.
Oh, this already talks about antitrust.
Oh, Dark Sakura, not all reps feel this way, right?
Well, I mean, the, uh, I even hate saying her name, but, uh, Marjorie Taylor Greene
sold $15,000 worth of stock the day Microsoft announced that they were going to buy the
company.
We'll just refer to that one as her.
Her.
Um, which.
They shouldn't be trading stocks in the first place, but that's a whole other thing.
Well, um, that resulted in, since their stock went up that day, that was, I mean, it didn't
go up a whole lot, but that gave her about another 200 bucks in capital gains.
So, um, the thing is, is that, I mean, if they're going to get Martha Stewart for this,
they need to be looking at her next, just saying she had to have known something.
But I, it's, I just don't see this getting stopped for antitrust.
I mean, I'm not also a legal mind, so I'm not going to try to be an armchair critic
in that regard, but I just, you know, again, Microsoft is not going to be the biggest company
in this regard.
We know that there's going to be at least two others that are still bigger, um, and
it'd be different.
Like if they purchase Sony or purchase like Nintendo, that would be a little bit, yeah.
I mean, the, the, I think the theory that Microsoft goes down a meta route where you
have Microsoft and then Xbox game studios is its own separate company under Microsoft.
That is probably the closest thing to a, how this plays out that I think it may ultimately
end up.
Um, I've also like, there was the topic that came up that sometimes companies will offload
part of the sale in order to help it go through.
Um, and an excellent example was brought up in the bonus stream we did earlier in the
week where, um, when Disney bought Fox, which was kind of this in the entertainment world,
right?
When Disney bought Fox, uh, they had to unload the Fox sports channels because it was going
to create like a sports monopoly probably because of whatever ABC has and that whole
mess.
So they had to unload that.
They have like ESPN or something like that.
Yeah, I think it's something around that.
So it would have created some type of like sports monopoly.
So the thought was that, well, maybe like if anything seems like it's spin off-able
from ABK, it feels like it's King.
And I'm not saying that King is bad.
Please do not hear me say, I'm not saying they're expendable or that I'm not, that's
not what I'm saying.
But what I'm saying is that what I believe Microsoft really wants is the A and B side
of things because Microsoft's mobile strategy seems to be game pass, the cloud, that kind
of gaming.
That's their mobile strategy.
I'm not sure, and I may be wrong and that's fine.
I'm not sure a mobile developer is what they really want.
And maybe if they kind of unload that, then it's not going to give the perception that
Microsoft has some weird, or they're going for a mobile thing, which they, which when
the Windows phone is no longer a thing, I don't see as an issue anyway.
So I actually, I don't know if King gets offloaded because I'm not sure Microsoft having a mobile
developer means anything.
All of their, all of their opportunities in mobile have flopped.
And I think now it's about cloud gaming.
So we'll see.
Some other comments in chat about what gets spun off.
Rama points out when Walgreens bought Rite Aid, they had to unload half the stores for
similar reasons, but thank God they kept thrifty ice cream.
I added that part because that's the most important.
That's the most important.
Well, yeah, I don't think, well, they don't have that in all locations, but I know like
the one we have over here in Folsom mentions thrifty ice cream.
They still have thrifty ice cream counters in Sacramento, which is great and probably
some other parts in Orkal.
It's great.
Yeah.
There was one by Matt.
I haven't been to one of those and well, yeah.
I could give, I could give fuck all where my pills come from as long as I get thrifty
ice cream.
That's all.
Let's see.
Pod culture is talking about Sprint and T-Mobile had to unload some stuff for that to happen.
And DJ Rama says that was Boost Mobile, the Dish Network and shut down Virgin Mobile.
So I can tell you quite a bit about that first hand, right.
And then Boost went to.
It was Dish.
Yeah, Boost went to Dish.
And then they're still under and then they went off to T-Mobile.
So there was a sort of a big series of transitions with that.
And we may see something weird where some of Activision Studios get spun off.
We may, I mean, we could, I don't want to sound too tinfoil hatty, but I could see a
situation where Blizzard gets spun off into an independent thing again or get sold to
someone else.
I could see that.
I don't think that makes sense with Microsoft strategy, but I could see it.
I don't think anything should be off the table in that regard.
So anyway.
So yeah, Loki, any other headlines from this whole thing, because this has been nonstop
headlines all week on this.
There's been a lot of like kind of asking for comment regarding basically just the work
situation that Activision Blizzard employees are kind of a part of right now.
And they kind of just been shrugging it off, especially when we're talking about unionization,
which I know we'll get into that a little bit later, but basically saying that they're
not trying to come across as experts in what's going on with unions, but I don't know.
So we'll see.
I'm hoping with Microsoft kind of overseeing them now that conditions will be better.
So we'll hopefully see that happening.
I'm not going to profess to know exactly what those employees are going through, but I will
venture a guess that the attitude may be one of, could it get any like, at least it
won't get any worse or like could Microsoft buying us be any worse than where we were
going?
Well, yeah, I think, well, if they do get rid of Bobby Kotick, I think that's going
to be a good sign that they're kind of trying to right the ship of it.
So we'll see what happens.
Only time will tell.
I don't really know what the work culture.
I mean, I can only imagine that work culture in like Microsoft or something like that is
better.
I don't think it, we haven't heard a lot of stories coming out of Microsoft.
I'm sure there's crunch and stuff like that still, but we haven't heard of anything like
bad.
Yeah.
Well, DJ Ramis in our chat says, as a former Microsoft employee, I can tell you firsthand
that Microsoft will take care of you as an employee, seriously.
And I think generally, I think the industry regards Phil Spencer pretty highly and what
he's done for Xbox.
And I think things feel, you know, will be like the fact that it will be him running
that and not Bobby Kotick does give me some warm fuzzies.
The part that gives me cold pricklies is that Bobby Kotick is going to get like a quarter
of a billion dollar payout when he leaves.
If all this, I mean, nobody really knows the terms of the deal.
And I know there's stuff that's around the Internet about the contracts and stuff that
I think are from a year ago though, but still, it's very clear he will get some very large
payout when he goes.
And that sucks because it feels like the bad guy's winning.
He shouldn't get shit like, like let's be honest.
How did this even happen?
How is, I mean, this, when I saw the headline, when I woke up, which is funny, cause I slept
in on Tuesday cause I actually had the day off.
And when I woke up, I was like, you know, that wasn't on my 2022 bingo card for gaming.
It wasn't in the prediction jar that we did here on OLR last week, but it really should
have been.
Like when I, when I kind of heard that, I was like, you know, I'm not surprised.
Like we, we kind of knew Activision Blizzard was fucked and they knew it.
And, and you hear these stories about they were trying to offload the company in November.
Well first they were going to buy this, this is the part that blows my mind.
They were trying to buy a company like Kotaku or GamesRadar to change the narrative.
And I don't know if that was about like that they wanted to buy a company to get other
types of stories published about the company or no, literally they are buying the, the
journalistic things to write different stories.
That part is like, you know, kind of thing.
Obviously it didn't happen.
Let's focus on that versus actually making positive change.
And again, look at who writes our textbooks.
Yeah.
Well, it's a, it's a common, common, common tactic.
Yeah.
It's, it's, uh, it's, so that's, that was interesting at all.
But then, uh, they want their own revisionist history.
Activision Blizzard went to other suitors because I think when they realized Microsoft
made a deal, they wanted to see if somebody else will give them more money.
And it's known that, um, Facebook meta is one of the other suitors they talked to.
Thank, thank God that didn't happen.
Can we all take a look?
I don't care if you're the biggest, I don't care if you're the biggest Sony fanboy and
you hate everything that Microsoft does and says and breeze, which I think, I think is
silly in the first place.
And I would say the exact same thing about vice versa, um, because I, I definitely know
those people that are vice versa and it's, it's, it's ridiculous.
But uh, here's the thing, as much as you can hate Microsoft with every fiber of your being,
it still could have been worse.
Like can you imagine if meta had bought Activision?
Like I would have, I don't know what I would have done.
I would have, I would have been so upset.
I think, I think, I think tonight would have been a night of mourning, uh, for sure.
Uh, and we don't know who the third suitor was.
I would speculate a Google Stadia question mark or, or an Amazon.
I would, well, that doesn't mean, but that doesn't mean Activision didn't try to start
conversation.
I would speculate a Google or an Amazon where that was the other suitor, but I, at the end
of the day, I don't know.
So, and neither do you.
So um, Bobby Black will suggest Tencent.
Well, didn't Tencent get that stake in Ubisoft?
So I kind of feel like Tencent is making moves other places.
I mean, maybe, uh, yeah, but I, I Google and Amazon are the two I'm, I'm thinking of.
So so what do you all think of this at the end of the day?
What do you, do you, do you, cause I, I, I do see the arguments that gaming is becoming
too big.
It's becoming these gigantic monolith companies and so forth, but I'm also of the mindset
that particularly when it comes to Activision Blizzard, something had to change.
The dam was going to burst.
That company was literally being run into the ground by horrible mismanagement and people
were abandoning ship left and right.
Something had to happen.
And I, you know, even though I, I definitely hear and I understand the whole like gaming
monolith thing, I, Bobby Kotick is to blame and set that company up for this to happen.
I don't see how else I, it was that or they, they go bankrupt.
Like they, they, they're getting bought out one way or another.
Any thoughts from y'all on your thoughts on this whole purchase?
I don't care how much Kotick gets paid.
I want him gone to not have to hear about him again would make me happy.
I can't stand how he's trying to change the narrative either.
Like he was interviewed for something and he was like, well, why do you think the stock
has gone down?
And you know, of course, instead of talking about him because of him, well, which I logically
know nobody's going to say, oh, it's my fault.
Um, although, although don't we remember about three months ago when Final Fantasy
14 and Walker was having issues and Yoshi P got up there and said, I apologize.
Wasn't that the most refreshing fucking thing to ever happen in the gaming industry?
I apologize.
Yes.
You gotta taking a pay cut.
I'm sorry.
What a refreshing fucking perspective.
But Bobby Kotick, no, no, no says, well, with Diablo 4 getting delayed and Overwatch 2 getting
delayed and Call of Duty not being up to expectation, whose fucking fault is that, dummy?
And I'm glad he's getting called the fuck out for it.
That Overwatch producer, I don't know if it was current or former on Twitter that basically
called him the fuck out and was like, what?
Overwatch 2 is, is getting put off because you've been putting us on crunch projects
that have gone nowhere.
Call him out.
And I, at least I will say this and dark soccer, I, I would think you would agree, but let
me know.
Thank God the media is calling him out on that bullshit and not letting him dictate
the narrative.
They have to, they have to combat it.
I mean, like, no, you're, you're wrong.
It's totally your fault and we're going to hold, you know, we're going to nail your ass
on it.
Yeah.
So he, not even in a good way.
He may get a $200 million payout, but you know what he won't get is his dignity and
his reputation.
Shit.
I wish that the day he, you know what, y'all, y'all, y'all, here we go.
Here we go.
This is how I want to open OLR.
The week Bobby.
Okay.
Y'all with me?
Y'all with me?
Cause it's going to require costumes and props, costumes and props.
The week Bobby Kotick is gone.
I want us to start the show and I want us all to have our bells and I want us to go
shame, shame, shame with our bells while Bobby Kotick leaves this industry forever.
And we shame him into the night.
Sound good?
I mean, I have better things I could cosplay.
Honestly, Rob, it's not worth it.
I don't care about him.
I just don't want to acknowledge his existence anymore.
He's going to be crying into his $320 million.
I don't want to give him any attention.
I want him to fade out into obscurity as a stinky shit stain on video game history.
But there, there, there isn't a little part of you that wants to be there and start yelling
muck, scum, rabbit droppings.
There isn't a little part of you.
I don't want to give a piece of shit like that.
Any energy is not worth my energy.
I get it.
I get it.
All right, Loki.
What about?
Oh, sorry.
I can take that energy and put it into combating people like him.
Fair enough.
So maybe your final thought on this whole Activision Blizzard thing, and is this a good
thing or not?
Yeah, I think it's a good thing because they, I mean, maybe at least they'll, you know,
up the quality of certain titles that they put out.
It's been just a mess with like Call of Duty and stuff, but I don't know, we'll see.
All right, let's move on.
I'm sure this is going to be a developing story and we're going to hear a lot about
this over the next year as, you know, it starts to get looked at under a magnifying glass.
I will give a quick plug because I talked at length with Bobby for like an hour or 15
minutes earlier this week, and that video, it's up on YouTube.
So if you're a subscriber here at Twitch TV, you can see it in the Twitch archives, but
we decided, you know what, let's put this one up on YouTube on the house so you can
see that on our YouTube as well over at Channel VOG Network.
We don't use our YouTube for a lot, so I'm going to point you in that direction to check
that one out.
So there you go.
All right.
Odigerama S says, open the show with celebration by cooling the game.
That's a DMCA violation and cost more money than he's worth.
In theory, I'm with your brother, but in execution, we can't.
All right, let's move on.
Let's shift the conversation away from idiot CEOs to more important people, us, and talk
about our gaming weeks and the types of games we have been playing this week.
So let me go to Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
You want to guess?
I'm going to say Dead by Daylight, Fantasian, Word Scramble.
Have you gotten on the Wordle train yet?
No, and I'm not going to.
It's fine.
It's inoffensive.
I like Wordle.
I like that it's one a day and I don't like everyone freaking posting their little weird
square things that make zero sense to anybody else.
Yeah, it does.
It does seem a little bit cultish and I'm guilty of posting it, but I think that's kind
of the brilliance of it in a weird way.
I am perfectly happy with the games that I play.
I actually did some screwing around, so I have a VHS key.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I heard you were trying to get that working on your Mac, so you cracked the code and got
a key to VHS, huh?
To tell you how it happened, I happened to give somebody a sub in a mutual friend's chat.
I'm trying not to get anybody in trouble.
And that mutual friend had met through playing VHS.
And I was like, yeah, I've messaged the VHS devs to see if they have any information about
this running in Parallels and everything.
And the person messages me is like, do you want to code?
I'm like, yes, I want to code.
So I have a code.
And we should say we should say because not everybody's just going to know VHS.
We're not talking about the old 80s videotape.
We're talking about a game, which that's the vibe that another asymmetrical game, but it's
a bit different than it's a bit different than it by the way.
Yeah.
Not not gore and horror, but more cheesy play as teenagers trapped in 80s VHS, you know,
direct-to-video slasher flicks, but like gremlins slasher flicks, like not actually gory.
Yeah.
And you have to kill the monster or before the monster kills you.
So so anyway, I I got the game to run.
Now the problem being is that every time I go into the tutorial so that I can practice
playing the game, I have the eternal loading screen and the loading screen has full animation.
You know, I wonder what would happen if I just left it to run overnight so the game
will run and I don't really have too many problems getting it to that point until I
try to get into the tutorial.
It will even cue me for a match, but I can't I haven't let it stay in queue.
I don't want to start playing the game and then have it not work on me while I'm in a
match and then screw everybody else over.
So I am letting another friend use my account.
Another streamer friend who has, you know, said is hiding, hiding my username, hiding
everything.
No one's going to get in trouble, special password and everything, but at least someone
gets to enjoy the game for a little bit that wouldn't have otherwise enjoyed it.
So but I can tell you right now when I think the virtualization for Windows 11 ARM gets
better, I think VHS is going to have no problem running.
So keep giving the feedback to the devs.
That's what betas are for.
You know, that's what I'm doing.
That being said, since I had to reinstall my virtual, I basically had to recreate my
virtual machine and reinstall Windows 11.
I'm now going to see if I can get Mass Effect to work because it's running a lot better
than it was.
So I've reinstalled Mass Effect.
I haven't started running it or anything.
I did also make another discovery because now I've just sort of been playing around
with different things behind the scenes is that Dead by Daylight will run on Windows
ARM.
What doesn't run is the anti-cheat.
Easy anti-cheat won't run, which is funny because VHS uses that too.
But I have no idea what the difference is, why the launcher and everything is working
there but the one for Dead by Daylight isn't.
The only thing is that when I load Dead by Daylight directly, in absence of the anti-cheat,
then it doesn't think I'm online for Steam.
That being said, I am now shopping around for a graphics card to try to get my old PC
rebuilt, thankfully with some parts that a good friend was kind enough to gift me.
Thank you.
I just need a better graphics card for it and to give it another go.
So we're gonna see.
But yeah, I've been doing a lot more stuff with other games, not necessarily playing
them, but working on getting them to work in the background.
I don't know if I have anything that would be helpful, but if you need PC parts, I'm
gonna be dismantling the old show PC because it serves no purpose.
It's not gonna have what I want.
It's way too much.
Thought I'd try.
Thought I'd try.
But thank you.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all Minecraft, as usual.
I did find something funny though.
So I mean, it was bound to happen sooner or later, but there's been some let's plays
being put up for Pixel Poops number two on YouTube, one of which I saw that he really
hated it.
But yeah, I had good points.
But like, obviously, being the one that made it like, I understand why I couldn't do certain
things they want.
Also, like playing with a turbo controller uses too easy, like, yeah, because you're
playing as a turbo controller, you idiot.
But it's fine.
Not everybody's gonna like it.
Let me ask you this.
We're celebrating 900 episodes tonight and a 20 year history of this show.
And sometimes, Loki, I think you're viewed as the critical one, especially when it comes
to things like Nintendo and so forth.
We've talked at length about how a lot of that does come from a place of love, ultimately.
But you're the first to be critical about a video game and its flaws and so forth.
Now it sounds like the tables might be turned a little bit and you're kind of hearing and
you know, in the back of your mind, well, what this reviewer is talking about are limitations
of the hardware.
I can't do the things they're asking for.
Does it change your perspective at all in talking about games this way?
It's more expectations too.
Like they have like the game, the purpose of the game is supposed to be like a simple
arcade game.
So like, they're like, well, the game plays all the same through all the levels.
I'm like, yeah, but haven't you played like Pac-Man or Mr. Do or like any of these like
old 80s arcade games where, yeah, the gameplay is going to be the same across all the levels.
It doesn't change throughout the thing.
And so it's just the expectations that they have.
Some of the things they had good points like, like, why isn't there an enemy, like, say
that jumps over one of the poops and then, you know, you have to put two in a row or
something like that.
And like, yes, I did consider stuff like that.
The problem is because their behavior is very random.
If you put that, if you have an enemy like that and they're near the end of the screen
and you put down like something to try to trap them and they jump over off the screen,
it seems unfair to the player.
And so there's like a lot of things I couldn't do because it would be, it would seem unfair
because there'd be no way to combat it because it's just the enemy behavior.
But like it, yeah, I understand that.
But also at the same time, they're like, well, I didn't like it cause it's too easy.
And like, yeah, you see him play at the turbo controller and then you just like build the
entire screens like, okay, and I got nothing to do.
But normally if you play with a turbo controller, it's very frantic and it's that.
So he's missing something with that.
It's fine.
Like whatever, you know,
I'm glad you have a measured approach to the feedback of nothing else.
Like you're, I'm glad you have, cause honestly, Loki, I would normally tell you, and you know
this, don't read the comments section.
Don't watch these YouTube's nothing.
It's only going to demotivate you, but at least it sounds like you kind of, you know,
you're, you're approaching this with the whole, like, okay, it is what it is.
And like, there's some things that is not going to please this guy, but he had a point
here or there.
And I'll think about that, you know, with future games.
Like I, and I get it, like if the hardware stuff or even maybe necessarily my coding
skills or whatever were, you know, there's probably ways you can cram more stuff in there,
but like I just couldn't.
I just, I just didn't want, I don't want these YouTube's and I don't think they are,
but I need to say it.
I don't want these YouTube's to discourage you from doing another.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, it's, it's, it's just like, no, it's only one person that doesn't
like it.
And it's well, I don't like it either.
No, I'm just kidding.
I think it's fine.
You know, I love it.
To be fair and say, it's not like somebody, like they didn't give it a good shot.
Like he played like two hours worth of the game and I get it.
Yeah.
Especially if you're playing with, like I said, turbo controller, um, because he says
his controller is breaking.
So that's why he had to play with the turbo or something like that.
Turn the turbo off.
Exactly.
Well, I think he, I think he had like a controller that has like, you know, turbo way and then
regular a, and so his a button was broken, so he had to play through whatever, but like,
so some of that is his fault, but some of that is, yeah, it's just the way the game
is.
Yeah.
I get it.
Like some of the complaints were valid criticisms.
Well, did he say anything good?
Like the music's good or it's no, he got tired of the music too, because he's all, it's
the same songs over and over again.
It's like, yeah, I only have limited space to put audio, but like, it's fine.
So whatever, you're not going to please everybody.
It's fine.
That's true.
He bought the game.
He played it for a couple of hours.
I was going to say at the end of the day, did you give him a code?
Nope.
Then he bought it and you got his money.
Bought a copy of the game.
So that's fine.
Yeah.
It's completely fine.
You know what?
You know, you can't please everybody.
That's right.
Perfectly fine.
It kind of, it's funny to me because it almost sounds like the reverse is happening where
it's like you get his perspective as the cynical gamer.
You're like, whatever I get it from his, it's kind of funny.
All right.
Um, my gaming week, uh, pretty much a lot of the same old stuff.
Final Fantasy 14.
I got my bard to level 90.
So another max level character.
Uh, I've also been playing, um, dead by daylight here and there.
Uh, I die damage.
I got my Cheryl to prestige three.
So that's the first character that I've actually gone through the blood web the most number
of times you can and prestige three.
So that was, I guess, the achievement.
Yeah.
So I have my, I'm actually close to getting my Freddie to prestige too.
Oh, cool.
Cool.
I haven't even prestige one, any killer.
So by the way, before I forget, I did get pig adept.
Oh, congrats.
That's a hard one to get.
Uh, it was, but I was on my game that night.
I didn't mean to interrupt, but I had to say, no, I was going to say, and I know the tone
that starts on Tuesday, I think is all about saw and pig pig and tap.
So maybe you'll get some cosmetics out of that.
So did you see though?
The preview picture?
Yeah, I did.
I saw your, your tweet.
It was like, please let this be a cosmetic and it is, it has to be a cosmetic.
It has to, I've been checking schema's channel, the guy who does all of the leak renders and
everything and I haven't seen anything on there yet.
So I'm just crossing my fingers.
We should be pretty close to, to the public test of the ring new chapter.
That's pretty exciting too.
So we'll see.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, also one of the thing I want to mention on my gaming week though is, um, no man's
sky, which I know I play a lot, but I did something very special in no man's sky because
there's no, um, expedition going on now.
The, the repeats all finished.
So if you, you missed expedition one, two, three, four, sorry.
They've come and gone again.
And so you're not going to be able to do them.
Uh, and right now there is no expedition.
I am assuming expedition five is waiting in the wings for whatever the next patch ends
up being for no man's sky.
So in the interim, I was like, you know what, I should work on some achievements.
And there's one staring me in the face is the hardest achievement in the entire game
because it's get to the center of the galaxy, which is basically beating the game.
Although spoiler alert, all it does, it starts you in a new galaxy.
That's it.
That's the end of the game.
So, um, but it's, it's, you know, that's not, you know, the point is exploration and all
that.
So I don't, I don't judge it for that, but, um, I, you have to get to the center of the
galaxy on permadeath.
And not only is it permadeath, but permadeath is twice as hard as regular mode.
Your life bars deplete twice as fast.
You can only hold stacks of 250, not 999, like a normal mode.
It is a lot harder.
And I will tell you, when I first started permadeath mode, I died in five minutes on
the first planet.
But I will also tell you this, the hardest part of permadeath mode is getting off the
first planet, because right as soon as your game starts, the clock's ticking and you've
got to be able to find sodium and oxygen fast, and you have to know, or a cave opening.
And some planets are just not going to be as friendly as others.
So my first planet, I died in less than five minutes.
Second one, I got that inertia going where I got to my ship, was able to fix the ship.
Okay.
I can make stacks and stacks of life support gels and ion batteries.
And I was good after that.
And guess what?
I got the achievement for getting to the center of the galaxy in permadeath.
I did cheese it a little bit, um, because I just kept going to the space anomaly, the
multiplayer hub over and over until I saw a base that said, uh, center of the galaxy.
And I finally found one that said end of galaxy one green system.
And I went to it and sure enough, a good Judy had built a base and a green system at the
edge of the galaxy.
And I was one jump away from the center of the galaxy.
So I did cheese it a little bit.
However, I still think to get to that point, I mean, you still have to go through a big
chunk of the story.
You have to get the space anomaly.
You have to build your first warp cell, and you're doing all this in permadeath mode with
limited stacks where you can't just stack carbon and ferrite dust to your heart's content.
So it was challenging.
And so I'm still going to pat myself on the back a little bit.
And according to the Xbox statistics, only 0.11% of players have unlocked that achievement.
So one in a thousand have gotten that achievement.
So I've officially reached galaxy brain level of no man's sky.
And it feels great.
Now I just need to go clean up a couple other non permadeath achievements that are just
grinds.
And that's what I'll do next.
I will have my full thousand out of a thousand.
So Bobby Black Wolf, it is possible to end your achievement score in zero.
Just so you know, you just you have to get them all.
And that's what I intend to do.
So but yeah, you all know I love that game and what it's become over the last five years.
So that was a very meaningful achievement to get.
And I'm sure I will get really verklempt when I get that Xbox equivalent of platinum.
There are no platinum trophies on Xbox.
You just have the thousand out of a thousand.
So yeah, I feel good.
All right.
That's it for my gaming week.
I think we can get into some more news.
I will just mention we will not be here February 20th for reasons I already mentioned.
But we will still be here over the next few weeks.
So let's try to get into some more gaming news tonight.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yeah, so probably one of the first things that everyone was wondering once Microsoft
talked about purchasing Activision Blizzard is, hey, are we going to see some of these
older franchises come back?
You know, we're going to take some of these studios off of making Call of Duty games every
year.
And I think it's still a bit early for all that.
But Phil Spencer was saying that we're hoping to be able to work with them when the deal
closes to make sure we have some resources to work on franchises that I love from my
childhood and the teams really want to get.
I'm looking forward to these conversations to really think about adding resources, increasing
capabilities.
So it's not off the table, but nothing definitive yet because they haven't purchased the company
yet.
So let that happen first.
And we'll talk about bringing back Guitar Hero or whatnot, but might be cool.
Some of the franchises he had talked about, apparently, from this Washington Post article
was King's Quest, Guitar Hero and Hexen.
Those are and that's that's a dream list.
Yeah, fuck yeah, Hexen.
I think that's like at the top of my list of what I want to see come back for sure.
What's interesting, you know, and Bobby, you know, because we tape live here at VOG Network,
and so I'm usually sitting here as I think a lot of us are listening to Bobby and watching
the chat engage with his show.
And obviously, this is the big headline on his show tonight, too.
And it was interesting.
People in chat were piping up talking about what about a new river raid?
What about a new pitfall?
I have to be honest and respectfully, folks, I I do don't want that, like a new pitfall.
Like how would a new pitfall not just be Uncharted or Tomb Raider?
Like in my mind, a modern pitfall are those types of games that sure slap pitfall Harry
on it and call it pitfall, but it's just going to then it's going to feel reductive to that.
And what is there now?
Where I would be cool with it.
And I would love to see this get explored.
I just worry about Microsoft's commitment to retro after Game Room.
However, I do remember when the Xbox 360 arcade first came out.
We got a lot of pretty cool redos and reskins of older games, but like with Xbox Live features
like multiplayer and things like that.
I would love a pitfall that still keeps its retro roots in mind.
Maybe something that's like a pitfall, pitfall three.
I would, I would be all about a pitfall three that is still like a side scrolling adventure,
like a little game.
Why not let something like pitfall go to a small team of like three or four people and
see what they come up with as like a small little, you know, cute little project that
I would support.
And same thing with like river raid.
Like if a river raid game were to come out, it wouldn't even fucking look like the game
you remember unless maybe it was something that was geared towards a small or an indie
type of thing.
And if that's the direction Microsoft goes, then I feel much differently.
And I think that can actually be really awesome to see like a pitfall that keeps retro stuff
in mind and is kind of uniquely pitfall in that regards.
Yeah.
Now you're talking chat.
Change, right?
Says pitfall championship edition, like Pac-Man.
Maybe not literally, but you're on the right track.
That was a great evolution of Pac-Man.
Championship edition is a fantastic evolution of a retro concept.
And so you're, yeah, you're, you're going down the right trail there for sure.
Pitfall 99.
I don't hate it.
I don't hate it.
Tiger claw says, how about mega mania?
You know, I read that at first as a mega man universe for some reason and what that game
could have been.
And I think that's a game a lot of us are sad never ended up happening.
That's for sure.
Um, so yeah, dark Tetsuya says, I wouldn't mind a modern rerelease of the 2,600 stuff.
Me neither.
And I think as long as they can still be a little bit cheeky about the fact that, you
know, this, these are Atari 2,600 games and kind of like Loki brought up with his, uh,
YouTube criticism of his game that didn't understand that it's a retro inspired game.
Yes.
It is kind of the same game loop over and over type of thing.
As long as it doesn't like try to break some of those things that made those old games
work.
I think it could be fine.
And by the way, how has nobody mentioned Keystone capers yet?
Thank you very much.
So that's the Activision franchise I'd like to see, but yes, hexen, um, and guitar hero.
I think it would be great.
Like hexen done, like the new doom games that'd be amazing.
Oh my God.
Yes.
I think, I think really that's at the top.
I mean, you know, I love me some retro, but I think a new hexen in the style of new doom
is like at the top of my list.
I would love to see that.
I really would.
Um, and as a music game lover, of course, I'd love to see guitar hero come back.
And I think it's, we've, we've reached this really interesting place where now that everybody's
gotten, not everybody, but a lot of people have gotten rid of their plastic guitars and
plastic instruments and that whole thing, and they've unloaded regards.
Now people want them again and nobody makes them.
Um, and they're harder to get and maybe that's, and I think it was even kind of cited that
Activision was hoping maybe Microsoft would have the means to bring the peripherals for
those types of games back and maybe make a modern type of guitar hero, which obviously
I'm all about that.
I would, um, I would really love that Microsoft doesn't shy away from very large controllers.
So why not?
Um, SSG100 Matt says, I mean that tiny Tina's wonderlands game is going to scratch that
hex and itch.
Yeah.
It's part of why that game looks appealing, honestly.
So, um, yeah.
So yeah, I, I, I, I'm all about old franchises coming back, but I think we also need to be
a little bit measured about it.
They're not going to come back for some time.
Uh, this deal hasn't even closed yet.
It's going to be a while, a while, uh, and maybe, uh, in fact, we might even be talking
about Xbox series Y or Z or whatever the hell they come up with next that these sorts of
things start happening for.
So just, uh, it's going to be a little while, but me, I don't know at the same time, Blizzard
making a King's quest game, I I'm kind of into it.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see what they got.
You know, somebody might have to research this for me.
I'm sorry.
Doesn't didn't Sierra come back as an indie brand for Activision because there was a geometry
Wars three.
Remember?
It was a few years ago and it was Sierra online that put it out, but it was like a rebranded
Sierra because obviously they did not do the King's quest.
Somebody else kind of got the rights to make that game.
Okay.
Okay.
So that is right.
Sierra entertainment is an indie brand for active.
Oh, they did make the new King's quest.
No, I thought that was another studio.
Maybe they published it.
Probably another studio made it and they published it, but yeah, they did the cause I know geometry
Wars three was like one of their first games.
Now that is like the label.
I would like, I would like to see a pitfall or a Keystone capers and all that shit we
were talking about earlier with that type of approach in mind, like they did geometry
Wars three.
I just don't know how well geometry Wars three sold if there's that incentive to do it, but
I'm hoping Phil Spencer, uh, will, will have a different approach to it.
I really do.
So, all right.
Meanwhile, let's talk about Sony.
We've been very quiet on the Sony front, but we should talk about what's going on at the
house of Sony.
And, um, you know, we haven't talked a lot about what this whole Microsoft maneuver might
mean for them.
And I think in a big way, it really lights a fire under their ass to compete with game
pass because I think Phil Spencer is absolutely playing the long game.
And I think it's a game about game pass.
Um, and PlayStation so far doesn't really have a response to that.
Although definitely it seems like the clouds have been brewing, right?
We talked about the PlayStation now cards and some of that, that all changed.
Well, guess what else happened this last week, a small selection of PlayStation three games
priced even showed up on the PlayStation five store, uh, titles in the dead or alive and
Prince of Persia, Persia franchises, uh, were showing up.
Those games are on PlayStation now, but they shouldn't have been separate titles available
on PlayStation five, unless maybe, I mean, we have cloud games on switch, maybe Sony's
either plotting cloud games or they have found a way to do backwards compatibility.
There was a, there was rumblings of a new Mark Cerny patent.
I think, uh, last week or the week before that may have cracked the code when it comes
to backwards compatibility, that cracking of code requires me to purchase the game again.
That doesn't sound like something I'm interested in and hopefully, cause I remember they did
that like PlayStation three, I guess some of that it's in the realm of possibility where
they could just say, Oh, you purchased it before.
Now you get access to it, but this is Sony and they would be like, well, but we, we upscaled
it.
So now it's a new game.
You have to re-buy it.
Like Sony's going to give Microsoft a free weapon.
If they do that, if they don't allow the disc based stuff to, at least the digital
catalog has to roll over.
Like the disc stuff.
I get it.
That might be a limitation.
They just can't do it.
But I mean, if one company can do it, I think they should be able to do it, but let's just
say, okay, they can't do it.
But if I purchase that on the PlayStation three store and I have it in my catalog, which
all that's still in my PlayStation network account, then in theory, that should be just
unlocked for me when it's available.
But I, I'm not holding my breath for that.
Yeah.
I still, you know, obviously I want to see backwards compatibility as well, but we don't
know anything official.
There was some weird like commercial thing that had today's date with the retro and people
thought that it looked like it really just was a new commercial and nothing about backwards
compatibility.
Um, so, or maybe Sony was going to say something, but they got the rug pulled under him with
this announcement this week.
I don't know.
Um, so, you know, more, more to develop perhaps on this.
Uh, but I, I think GDC, although we don't usually have these huge types of announcements
at GDC, it's not for that.
I could see them kind of dropping that hint there, but I don't know, maybe something soon.
I mean, Sony is perfectly capable of just pushing out a state of play whenever they
want, uh, to talk about this.
So we'll see who knows, um, before we get to our next story.
I want to go back cause chat is talking about this.
They're still stuck on the Activision, uh, retro properties.
Mike Deft in chat says, get playground studios who does Forza to make a new blur.
Oh, that'd be amazing.
Hmm.
Look y'all, I don't want to be weird, but like, I'm a little horny thinking about that.
That is actually a little weird, Rob.
I'm sorry.
The makers of Forza are doing a new blur, a little bit H word, a little bit H word.
All right.
Moving on.
Darcy, what do you have for us?
Um, well, uh, Moki hinted to this earlier, but, um, going back to the Activision Blizzard
side of things, they have formed their first union.
Well, the company didn't, but employees did.
Um, actually technically employees at Raven software, which is owned by Activision Blizzard.
Um, they formed a union.
Um, it is, uh, made up of about 60 employees.
Um, and it, of course they made their announcement just after, uh, Microsoft announcing that
they were going to acquire Activision Blizzard.
Um, actually I take that back.
It's uh, the union is, uh, I mean, the union, yeah, it's a very small one, but it's
very significant in the fact that this is one of the first unions at a major developer
relatively.
Um, this actually came to, uh, to fruition after, um, they had their walkout to protest,
uh, the layoffs of contract workers that they said were unfair.
Um, so they are wanting to have the changes in the company reflect the wants and needs
of the gaming community and the workers that create the product that's, uh, stated by a
quality assurance employee named Brent Real.
Um, so the union is called the Game Workers Alliance union, um, again, the first at a
publicly traded video game publisher and the second video game union in the US.
It's going to be part of the Communications Workers of America, which is the largest union
in the media industry.
Um, so, uh, there are, it's going to be, it's a pretty big deal and hopefully it's going
to, to spread, you know, start, start a bigger trend.
Um, and on top of that, they're wanting to make sure that overall that they're really
just improving the conditions.
Um, they, um, they're waiting for the company to recognize them.
They have until the 25th.
So for us, that's two days from now to, uh, to, uh, recognize them or else there's probably
going to be something big coming up.
Um, and the only thing that Activation Blizzard ever did after that issue happened is that
they raised their minimum compensation for Raven, um, for their QA employees and a few
other benefits, but they really didn't do too terribly much, so that's it.
It is kind of interesting, you know, because, uh, obviously my head kind of went to, oh,
I wonder what the, you know, a better ABK folks think about, you know, everything that's
happened with the Microsoft purchase and certainly I wasn't going to expect that like, oh, well,
they've just magically dropped all their grievances.
It is nice to see that the fight kind of continues in that regard.
I think it will be very interesting to see what Microsoft sort of response is to this.
And it seems so far their response is just radio silence, which honestly is the smart
thing to do.
Um, and in regards to that with the whole, you know, looming, uh, going under the microscope
with the antitrust and everything like that, um, it's going to be very interesting if Bobby
Kotick's legacy is, you know, all my workers unionized once I sold this company type of
thing, uh, is going to be interesting, but obviously I, I still fully support these folks
and wanting to unionize.
It makes sense.
You know, they, they've seen how bad it can get, uh, they've hit the bottom and they don't
want to ever go back there and they want to unionize to make sure a company can't take
them there.
So who can blame them?
Whether it's Microsoft or even, you know, what's, what's like the most loved gaming
company in the world, probably Nintendo, maybe, I don't know, even if Nintendo bought them,
I wouldn't expect that this fight would stop.
So, um, I think, I think that's, that's, that's pretty neat.
So, um, we'll see what happens.
One thing that happens with any sort of acquisition is that you can't just go in and make a huge
overhaul and expect success out of the business.
I mean, I think that that's what a lot of companies make the mistake of doing.
It's going, an overhaul is needed, but I think it's going to have to come a bit more fluidly,
if that makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The reality is this deal still won't be finalized for what a year and a half.
And that's a long time.
And so, you know what, these unions could be up running and in place throughout Activision
Blizzard in that time.
So we'll see.
But I feel Spencer doesn't strike me as the type that's like, I'm going to shut it down
or whatever.
And, uh, you know, Microsoft does not seem to have the same, um, union busting within
its ranks.
I thought it was very interesting, by the way, we didn't talk about this earlier, but
when Microsoft made that announcement, they posted a picture of their leadership.
Interesting.
It wasn't Activision Blizzard or any of them, but Microsoft's leadership.
And it was very much to show, look how many women are in the structure.
And it was definitely flexing that, which is a good thing, but it's, I think in a way
it's also flexing.
Look who's not here is Frances Townsend or whatever her name is, the union busting one.
And I really think that was the kind of flex that like, this is the team that's going to
run this.
Um, and we don't have the same attitudes, so be interesting.
Interesting.
All right.
Moving on in the mobile world, Loki.
Yes.
Uh, so Pokemon Go has halted trading because apparently there was a bug in Pokemon Go that
was allowing the lucky Pokemon, which I think is like, was it like 50 50?
Um, I don't remember what the percentage is that you get a lucky Pokemon on trade, but
apparently it was unusually high.
And so there was, um, a Reddit post where someone was able to get a hundred lucky Pokemon
in a very short span of time, that's supposed to be statistically impossible.
Um, and so now they're Niantic is investigating the issue because you can't have your lucky
Pokemon.
Well, there's a follow up to what you're reading.
It's it's back on again.
They've resolved whatever it was.
Yeah.
Just I think just in time for the community day, I did mention it during my gaming week.
I tried to do community day.
Um, I did the Pikmin one.
I walked to my 10,000 steps and we were doing an Ingers thing, a little minor thing for
that.
Um, but, uh, I was doing a Pokemon later in the day.
I only caught one shot.
I just don't have luck with Bulbasaur.
I caught one shiny Bulbasaur.
That's it.
And I had like two, uh, so at least I have three now, but, uh, it wasn't a very good
IV one.
But the problem was I couldn't go pedal to the hours were bad.
It was only two to five.
They didn't run at the six hour window and I was hosting an event that started at five.
So like I had to be done by like three 30 so I could get ready for the event I was hosting
last night.
So I'm just kind of a bummer on the timing again.
So whatever, but at least I can do lucky trades.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about, I had brought up cloud gaming earlier in the show.
Let's talk about Sora gaming.
Uh, let's talk about Kingdom Hearts.
Kingdom Hearts is coming out for the switch and there was a trailer that was unveiled
that shows it will be out on February 10th.
It is important to note these Kingdom Hearts games are cloud versions.
So you're going to be playing them on the cloud, which is not new for the switch.
There have been other game releases for that.
So you do need a consistent internet to play.
So my internet after 7.15, which by the way is in a minute, so cross your fingers and
toes and hold your breath, is probably not as reliable for that.
But for most people that have decent internet connections in the city and what have you,
it might be a way to play these games.
I kind of think this is a little late and it makes more sense in Japan perhaps.
But I guess there might be some people here that want to get into it, especially, I don't
know, maybe if the switch is the only one in your house because you have younger folks
and what have you.
I mean, I do get the logic behind it, but I just, I don't see this exactly being the
hot cake seller that I think it would have been some time ago.
Now, there will be a demo.
In fact, it's actually out now if you want to try that on the eShop.
They are also cloud versions.
So I will give it that.
You have free reign to test this and see what you think about the cloud gaming on the switch.
So you can make your own judgment on how your internet behaves and if it's the way you want
to play or not.
I think Control was one of the other games that did this.
It had a demo on the shop and was a cloud game ultimately at the end of the day.
There's also going to be a Kingdom Hearts 20th anniversary celebration stream that will
happen on April 10th.
Who knows if they'll announce anything special with that.
I don't know if you want to get your hopes up too much with that.
I don't think we're, well, I don't know.
Over under on a Kingdom Hearts 4, folks?
It won't be 4.
That's too normal.
Oh yeah, you're right.
We need Kingdom Hearts 3, Remind, Remaster, Redone, Under, 2-4 for Destiny's Kiss edition.
They'll have like some big like long calculus equation as part of the title.
Yeah, for Dancing Stage.
True Kiss Destination.
All right.
Anyway, we'll see.
We'll see what happens with that.
But I would say they're not, they're not going to do a stream on April 10th and not announce
anything.
It could be as simple as that horrible theater them successor that they did.
I'm sorry.
I did not like that game.
I think they're going to do a new one of those that I'm supposed to get excited about.
But we'll see.
What do y'all in chat think over twitch.tv slash vog network?
E3VL points out Kingdom Hearts all in one for PS4 usually goes for $30 versus the amount
that this is going to cost on the Switch.
That's a very good point as well.
That's sure.
So if people don't have the other consoles, they'll pay what they want.
Especially if it's something like get their kids on the game or something, you know.
All right.
Moving on.
Dark Soccer, you have a good industry story, right?
I do.
So there was a survey that came out of the game developers conference where they did
their 10th edition state of the game industry.
That was, I believe, last Thursday.
But they pulled more than 2700 developers across a series of topics.
And so 62 percent of the responders said their companies did nothing to engage with conversations
around misconduct and toxicity.
They said also some respondents said that their companies don't have these problems,
but mostly because they were too small or they weren't based in the U.S. or their companies
had a zero tolerance policy or it wasn't something that they witnessed.
There was a yes.
But they said that in that survey, 38 percent of respondents said that their employees did
take action.
And it is a growing trend in workplaces in the industry to have some initiative to root
out toxicity.
So what they're basically saying is, I mean, some of them are saying that it's a very North
American focus, but a lot of people are really just unhappy with how their leadership responds.
Some of the comments say they bury it, pretend it isn't a problem, they act like it's different.
There continue to be people harassed and silenced.
I've had to force them to make internal statements.
We were affected by the Blizzard misconduct and we opted to say nothing.
My faith in big companies to do the right thing is non-existent.
Another quote, no one is surprised by misconduct.
We've seen it or experienced it in some form or another in our career.
Our companies spoke to trying to do better.
They started creating classes and inviting speakers to inform and educate people.
They have another survey, according to the survey, actually, this is 23 percent of developers
polled said unions, talks have taken place at their studio and a lot of people say that
it's needed.
Fifty-five percent of respondents say that they should unionize, but there are some that
are still, you know, resisting it, but that's the general consensus is that there needs
to be more done to combat toxicity.
It's not happening, but it's starting to happen more, but it's not enough and that more people
are interested in unionizing.
Yeah, and, you know, it's it just goes to kind of underline and score when these Blizzard
Activision issues first came up that, you know, this was this is not a problem unique
to them.
It was definitely exacerbated by them and, you know, enabled by Bobby Kotick, et cetera.
But you know, we've known that this is an issue throughout the industry.
You know, obviously, you've heard everything about Ubisoft and plenty, plenty, plenty of
other places.
What happened to Riot Games previously, et cetera, et cetera.
List goes on and on and on.
So I think this, you know, survey sort of just underscores the fact that a lot of these
problems are an industry problem.
And any leader of any game company, big, small, medium sized, should really be evaluating
some of the policies when it comes to investigating these sorts of issues and maybe passively
enabling some of these issues, which I think is happening way too far off than is the case.
Well, silence and refusal to do anything is almost like a nonverbal endorsement.
Yeah.
That for the people who don't say anything and don't do anything, you are by your inaction
endorsing this behavior because it's not, in your mind, bad enough to say something
about it.
And I think that's, you're complicit.
I think that's a real element of what's been happening in so many of these game companies
for far too long is it's just like, oh, those are personal issues we don't want to get into
or deal with or it's, you know, but it's, you know, there's definitely been a gross
culture in the industry for a long, long time underscored by what E3 used to look like when
we first started going.
I have an analogy, actually.
Sure.
So if you imagine somebody who, say, has an illness or has like, OK, we're going to say
someone has a drinking problem, we're just going to start that.
And maybe at first things seem kind of fun, you know, kind of, oh, we're loose, everything
is great here.
And then they start having like a little bit of a liver problem or their skin gets bad.
But they're not willing to do what it takes to fix those issues by taking care of the
core issue, which is the drinking, you know.
And so after a while, they start going into liver failure.
They start having all these other issues happen.
Things around them start going to shit.
And we're seeing that in companies.
It's kind of the same thing where, just use the biggest elephant.
We have Activision Blizzard who things internally have gone so much to shit that they're being
acquired and companies around them are now affected by this, having to take a deep, hard
look.
They're being scrutinized because of the type of behavior that they're endorsing.
It's all just that cycle.
Yeah, good analogy.
I can think of more, but we'll just get to our next.
I think that was a good analogy.
We'll leave it at that.
So let's get to our next story.
Speaking of things that are ugly and dark-sided, Loki.
Yeah.
So we talked about this.
Not you, but what you're going to talk about, just to be clear, I meet that description.
But we were talking about another dark-sided evil person by the name of Ruben Sim, who
was banned from Roblox for apparently leading cyber mobs to harass the player base.
He was also...
Can we think about that statement for a minute too?
Banned by Roblox?
Can we just marinate in that for a minute?
Yeah.
Well, there's more to it though.
Remember, he also called in bomb threats to...
Oh, my God, this is the same guy?
Yeah.
So apparently, according to the Oakland, California export, he had been issued, I guess, apparently
he was supposed to be not going back on Roblox.
They tried to ban him.
He was also charged $160,000 for damages.
Well, apparently, because it's a free-to-play game, he is circumventing their IP bans by
getting other people to create accounts for him, or I'm assuming the VPNs, perhaps.
So he has been continually logging into Roblox and continuing his false threats of terrorism
activity relating to Roblox.
And also, apparently, he is supposed to be not able to gain access to the platform, not
make false statements about the game and its employees or go near its offices, post
or republish those threats as well.
And apparently, he is now forced into a temporary lockdown while local police and private security
conducted a search of a secure facility.
I guess he had made some more threats regarding the developers conference.
I don't know if there's anything more they could really do to keep him off the platform
if it's so easy for him to get back on there.
Why isn't he in jail is what I want to know.
I'm reminded of this meme I've seen on the internet of, I'm trying to get it to come
up here, I'm reminded of this meme I've seen online on the internet of Baby Bop holding
a stop sign saying, basically saying, you need to stop.
And that is what I think somebody needs to send this person in the mail or some other
way to tell this person that they really need to stop.
This is beyond the point of ridiculousness.
So apparently, he has a huge following on YouTube and he's still posting videos on this
thing as well.
And YouTube needs to start taking his channel down.
I agree with that too, for sure.
Well, Roblox is suing him for $1.6 million, so this should hopefully get him the stop.
I think that there's something wrong with this guy.
Do you think?
Well, if nothing else, maybe a lawsuit will finally shut him up.
I doubt it.
Well, yeah, it's true.
Now, it'll just be YouTube's about the lawsuit, but I do agree YouTube should probably
deplatform him so he can yell and scream into the void.
All right.
Well, lots of people have been yelling and screaming in the YouTube void about the
Nintendo Switch Online emulator and how it wasn't very good for certain Nintendo 64
games, which kind of sucks when Nintendo's charging a premium.
And people honestly thought that, well, we'll probably just have to deal with this
forever because when's Nintendo going to bother to patch these emulators?
Well, plot twist.
It turns out Nintendo patched the emulator.
So Nintendo, I think they just put out this week was Banjo-Kazooie this week.
Yeah, so Banjo-Kazooie just came out as part of the N64 library on January 20th.
So that added to the library.
And by the way, Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask is coming in February.
So, you know, adding new games is not unheard of.
And we knew some of those were coming.
But what's interesting is that when they and I think they've done this too, is that, you
know, that Nintendo Online application is basically an all in one app that they just
add the new games into it.
I don't think it's like talking to a server or anything like that.
I think they're just patching that game over and over.
So or patching that executable or whatever you want to call it over and over with the
new games. Well, it turns out they actually patched the emulator as a part of this too.
It was spotted on Twitter that the Nintendo 64 emulator does a better job at displaying
water in the Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time.
The fog is still missing, but it sounds like the water temple is like actually playable
now at this point, whereas in the emulator as it stood before, it was virtually
unplayable. So I think it's worth noting Nintendo is updating the emulator, not just
with new games, but fixing and addressing some of these issues, even if it's not perfect
yet. E3VL in chat asks, they have a roadmap now just for the next month or two.
Just we know that Majora's Mask is coming, but we don't really know beyond that.
We've had a bunch of shit teased in the trailer, but we don't know exactly when those
games are coming out. But it is nice to see someone fix that.
So someone is assigned to making the emulator better or trying to work on some of these
issues. So that is refreshing to see, because I think many of us were kind of resigned to
the fact that Nintendo was not going to do shit about shit with it, with the emulator
and just take your money and laugh with it all the way to the bank.
So it is nice to see Nintendo should be applauded for doing the right thing.
So I will give them one clap.
Here we go. There you go.
One clap for doing the right thing in this circumstance.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, oh, so you can beat the water temple?
I kid, although I didn't do it until a few years ago.
Well, it's a little easier now for sure.
SG100Matt in chat says, no Super Nintendo or NES Nintendo online updates.
What?
What a shot.
I thought we were paying all of this money and this expansion passes and stuff, and I'm
not getting more content.
I am so surprised.
You mean the base level Nintendo online people are getting jack and shit now?
I am so shocked.
This is totally new information that was unexpected.
Got some vital information.
All right, maybe, maybe we need our next segment and a time when things weren't so complicated.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
And Dark Sakura, what did you pick for episode 900's Classic Game of the Week?
Pick Dear Esther.
Dear Esther is a first person exploration game developed by the Chinese Room.
It came out for Windows OS X, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
It was released in 2008 as a free to play mod for the Source game engine.
And then it was redeveloped entirely for a commercial release in 2012.
It is a very minimalistic game.
You basically just explore.
It's an island in Scotland and you listen to a man who is reading a series of letters to
his, excuse me, deceased wife.
And then you learn about how she died over the course of the exploration.
This is the same company, by the way, that did Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, just so
that, you know, in 2017, they did an updated version called Dear Esther Landmark Edition
that was released based in Unity.
Anyway, like I said, you explore this island, listening to the man reading a series of letter
fragments to Esther, his deceased wife, and you reach new locations in the game.
And that plays a letter fragment that relates to that area.
The different fragments are revealed in each playthrough of the game.
So you get a slightly different narrative each time.
Several other characters are referred to by the narrator.
You have a man named Donnelly who charted the island.
Paul, who is the drunk driver that suggested, was involved in Esther's death.
A shepherd named Jacobson who lived on the island in the 18th century.
And then you find these remains of buildings, a shipwreck, a cave system.
The cave system is my favorite part of this game, by the way.
And you get you see like different images on the cave walls that have like chemical
diagrams, circuit diagrams, neurons, bacteria, different things like that.
And you also see a figure walking away in the distance, but they vanish before you can
find them. And it does have a little bit of an ambiguous ending to it.
It is a very beautiful game.
I think that it's really absolutely worth everyone playing through at least once.
But to go back into the development history of this game, it was a source engine mod
that was developed by the Chinese room.
Well, they were part of a research project for the University of Portsmouth.
They were funded by a grant from the Arts and Humanities Research Council, and it was
led by Dan Pinchbeck, who is a professor at the university.
He developed the story and the script and he cited the works of William S. Burroughs
in the writing, particularly to the way it would be image heavy and symbolic.
So, you know, trying to do a different sort of narrative.
So basically, an independent game artist named Robert Briscoe worked on redeveloping
Dear Esther in 2009 under Pinchecks support.
So he in the Chinese room worked on the remake with redoing some of the level design
and using concept art by a man named Ben Andrews.
They redesigned the game's landscape, they tried to remove some of the confusion with
the original layout and make the environment richer and more compelling instead of just
completely barren landscape in the original.
But the Chinese room lost their backing and then they ended up finding backing instead
by the Indie Fund, who didn't really want to do it at first.
After the demo, they're like, oh, this is cool.
And they funded it.
After so the game went through it, once they were playing it, people were like, oh,
heck yeah, this is rad.
Other people who were a bit iffy on it.
So to let you know, once the game was released on Steam, within the first six
hours, they sold 16000 units and it allowed the developers to pay back the Indie Fund
investment. Their narrator was Nigel Carrington, who had an extended script for the
remake. The music was done by Pinchbeck's wife, Jessica Curry, who's a freelance music
composer and the co-director of the Chinese room.
And then she completely overhauled and reorchestrated it for the commercial release,
basically doubling the length of the original soundtrack, which the original game
soundtrack was available on July 8th, 2008.
And then there is a remastered soundtrack that was available as of February 14th, 2012
on Amazon, iTunes and Bandcamp.
The original release of it was selected for the animation exhibition in the 2008
Pre-Arts Electronica and made ModDB's top 100 mods of 2008.
And in 2009, the game won award for Best World Story at Indie Arcade Independent Games
Awards. It got a lot of praise and attached to emotions that not many people would
address in the game like unhappiness.
And as for the commercial release, it got some pretty great reviews, 75 out of 100 on
Metacritic. There are people who are like, oh, is this a game or is this just a story
that you participate in?
Some people said that the story seemed pretty obscure and a little hard to follow.
It got anywhere between really positive reviews and some slightly mediocre reviews,
so it really depends on who you ask.
The game was considered, though, a graphical masterpiece and that it also won at the
Independent Games Festival in 2012.
It received the prize for excellent in visual arts, awarded them the prize for best use of
narrative in the 2012 awards.
TIGA Games Industry Awards of 2012 gave it the Originality Award and Best Action
Adventure Game, Best Visual Design, Best Audio Design, Best Debut Game, and it was
nominated for five awards at the 9th British Academy Video Games Awards.
As of September 2013, it sold over 850,000 copies.
And there you go.
Dear Esther, I played through this at work, like a few years ago.
A lot of people in chat are doing the whole OMG because our criteria for the classic game
of the week, if you are not aware, is a game needs to be at least 10 years old, which is
funny because now we get a lot of games that are our show is older than them, but they
still classify for classic game of the week.
And yes, Dear Esther isn't just 10 years old folks, it's 14 years old.
14 years old because I'm going by the original release date.
However, it will be considered commercially 12 years old next month.
And also, when you kind of talk about the whole, it was very critically polarizing.
I think it really was the first of those walking simulator games.
I think some people try to use that label as a negative.
I look at it as a little bit more empowering.
And I think those types of games are very divisive.
I enjoy Dear Esther.
I didn't enjoy it as much.
I think it's beautiful.
But I agree that the story is a little harder to follow than maybe when the Chinese room
did their follow up.
Everybody's gone to the rapture, which is probably one of the best video games I've
played, which and I think that studio kind of fell apart, didn't they?
No, they were purchased by Sumo.
Oh, OK.
And in 2020, they did a game called Little Orpheus, and it's actually an Apple arcade
game, which I'm going to look into it.
Honestly, in 2017, they also did a game called So Let Us Melt.
But I didn't know about that one.
I'm going to have to look that one up and see what kind of game it is.
And yeah, the music, the music in this game is gorgeous, as was again, I hate to keep
comparing it to everybody's gone to the rapture, but I'm going to because that was, you
know, I'd heard of Dear Esther.
I wasn't really motivated to look at it until I play.
Everybody's gone to the rapture and just thought it was brilliant, brilliant, brilliant.
I will.
This game is is gorgeous.
If nothing else.
Yes, go walk in it and just explore the environment, because even for being 2008 now,
granted, I don't know if we're watching like a play through of like a remaster because I
know they kind of upped it up a little bit when they did like the PS4 release and stuff.
But even still, this game is gorgeous today and is worth looking at just for like Dark
Soccer was talking about the cave system is really cool.
In fact, those watching live on Twitch were seeing a little bit of that right now.
But I love the way the clouds look and the sky looks like it's just such a damn good
looking game. You just get a little Orpheus actually got really good reviews.
For the record, and it is on Apple Arcade.
And on top of that, it looks like the developers actually reply to the reviews.
Oh, like Loki.
Just all right.
But all right.
There it is, your classic game of the week, a good one, a little unexpected for for
around nine hundred.
But at the same time, it's it's such a genre starter.
You know, it is I mean, a game is a very notable game.
I mean, I'm actually tempted to do a new stream of that game.
I've been thinking about it either that I was actually, you know, it's me, Holly.
Oh, yeah, she's great.
Yeah, well, she's doing some other kind of narrative games and I suggest it because
she's playing Firewatch.
Oh, OK. That's another good one.
And I suggested everybody's gone to the rapture and she seemed really interested in
because I honestly enough that game is is.
Both of these games are masterpieces, in my opinion.
Yeah, and again, I know it's been a while since I've advocated for this game on the
show, so please let me take a moment.
If you've never played, everybody's gone to the rapture.
You really need to it is and it is not action packed.
It is not shooty shooty bang bang.
But it is like just the music, the environments, the story is so good.
Like I have a clamp just thinking about it.
That game is so good.
So it's just I want more more.
It's it's art.
It's art, mama.
It's art. But is it art?
It's art. All right.
Indeed. All right.
Let's move on with some other quick headlines here in the segment we call Rapid Fire News.
Loki. Yeah.
So there is a program called Playdate Pulp, which is out of beta.
It is a game making development tool that you can use for the play date, which is that
kind of handheld monochrome console with the crank on the side that I don't know when
that's coming out. But if you want to make games for it, you can check it out for free.
So that's pretty awesome.
It looks neat.
I'd be curious to see what I could do with it, but I don't have a play date to play any
of this on. So I don't know what I would do with it, but it's kind of all in one.
So if you're interested in check it out at play date slash pulp.
And then we have news that Dying Light 2 will include a free PlayStation 5 and Xbox
Series X update or upgrade since they're going to be shipping, I guess, with I don't know
if those are coming out at the same time, but apparently, yeah, if you pick it up, you're
going to be able to get those updates.
So that's kind of cool.
And then they're going to have three different rendering modes, and they've got a quality
and resolution mode.
So I'm guessing that the quality is going to add ray tracing and then resolution will
be at 4K performance is going to be rendering at 60 FPS.
So you can pick one, you give it more resolution, ray tracing, FPS, pick one.
I think FPS is going to win out, though.
I did want to before I get to Dark Soccer's headlines, Bobby Blackwolf in chat points out
about the Playdate pulp that there is a Playdate emulator with that.
So it's a way for you to play those games if you'd like.
So there is that.
All right. And dark Tetsuya said, oh, darn, I was going to ask when the Pixel Poops number
two port was coming to the Playdate.
So I guess I guess another time.
All right. Dark Soccer.
Yeah. So speaking, though, back to Dying Light, Dying Light 2 and Life is Strange
remaster have been delayed for the Switch.
They were supposed to be coming out very soon.
Instead, they're looking that they're going to be coming out much later than the next
month. The other platforms, though, should have Life is Strange remastered on February
1st and Dying Light 2 on February 4th.
And then in sad news, pinball designer Lyman Sheets died and we're all very sad.
He did like the last action hero, Tommy and Guns N' Roses, of which I have owned a last
action hero and Guns N' Roses.
All right. Can I tell him?
Oh, and he also apparently worked on Medieval Madness.
Speaking of celebrities who passed away, can I tell you maybe a slightly tasteless joke,
but I thought it was really good.
It's a tender subject.
It's along those same lines.
OK, so Meat Loaf passed away this week, obviously, as we know.
And, you know, we should take a moment to remember Meat Loaf for who he was.
He had incredible contributions to music, incredible contributions to film and things
like Rocky Horror. And in his final years and in his final years was a raging lunatic
that subscribed to conspiracy theories and said some bad things.
But but two out of three ain't bad.
That still is a tender subject.
All right, moving on.
Rob gets it.
I saw that in a tweet.
I massaged the language a little bit, made it my own.
But I'm going to tell that one at the next Rocky Horror.
So be ready for it.
I still thought that there were people who were having Meat Loaf for dinner that night.
Yeah, all right, Tiger Claw points out, we also lost Louie Anderson, who are a lot of
people remember that show he had the was it Louie's Kids or something like that?
I remember the Family Feud revival he hosted for years and years and years and him doing
that. So, yeah, apparently I never really saw a lot of his comic stuff.
But my understanding is he was a pretty bang up stand up comic.
So, yeah, oh, boy.
And then, you know, of course, we lost Betty White right at the end of last year.
And I mean, right at the end of last year.
Did you see a new video of her came out?
Sidney Poitier.
Oh, yeah, Sidney Poitier. But but a new Betty White video came out and that's what I was
getting to is that something she had filmed, it looked like like an interlude, maybe for
her hundredth thing. But it was really it was days before she ended up passing.
And it was just it was nice to see her, even if it was, you know, difficult knowing what
happened soon after. But, yeah, had me thinking about that.
Let's see, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Webber Grill had their Friday recipe email come
out that day, which was a meatloaf recipe.
They issued an apology.
You know what? That's that's the problem with auto scheduling your social media posts.
I wouldn't have apologized for that.
Like he's the one the food was first.
He named himself after the food.
His name. His name was Robert Paulson.
His name was Robert.
Actually, no, it was Marvin today.
But still. All right.
Let's move on in serious news.
Let's get to world release dates and release dates in different countries, starting with
the U.S. Loki.
Yes. So this week we have the Artful Escape on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation
5, Gunvolt Chronicles, Luminous Avenger, I.X.
2. That's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox series.
Pokemon Legends, Arxius, better known as Unity 3D presents Pokemon Legends, Arxius.
That is on Nintendo Switch and then better that are also known as check Shane's Twitter
because he posts about literally nothing else lately.
I saw some screenshots from it and yikes.
And yeah, I'm intrigued.
I'm going to buy it. I'm a play it.
I'm intrigued. Uncharted Legacy of Thieves collection on PlayStation five.
And that's it.
I will say you do know I love me a drag queen tangent.
So Dark Soccer, I bet you haven't seen this yet.
It is a little spoilery for Arceus if you are trying to keep yourself hidden from new
Pokemon and new forms that are in the game.
So if you are trying to keep yourself pure from that, don't look this up.
But Dark Soccer, I feel like you probably don't give a shit.
Look at Aquarius Twitter, the winner of Drag Race Season 10 Aquaria.
She did with one day's notice.
She did an outfit based on one of the leaks from Pokemon Legends Arceus.
It's pretty amazing.
So I figured you might appreciate that.
So I'm trying to find it.
It would have been a few days ago. So sorry.
I don't know how. Oh, damn.
Yeah. Nice, huh?
Yeah. Yeah.
I wish I could show you the original picture again.
I don't want to I don't want to broadcast it because I know some people are sensitive
about spoilers, but I know Arxis Arxis.
I don't know how to pronounce it, nor do I care.
Arceus Arceus.
I thought it was Arceus. That's how I've heard most people saying it.
But OK, Arceus.
All right, well, let's move on and talk about Japanese release dates on the switch.
In Japan this week, on the 27th, we have Kamigami no Asobe Luderi Deorum Unite edition.
We also have Gunvolt Chronicles Luminous Avenger 9-2 coming out in a regular and limited edition.
We also have Ko-Gen Sort of Rewind, also in a regular and limited edition.
Strawberry Knots in a regular and limited edition.
Glass Hime to Kagami no Jusha in a regular and limited edition.
And we have Magatsu Barai in a regular and limited edition.
They love their limited editions overseas.
We also have a few other games coming out.
We have a Grand Theft Auto Trilogy Definitive Edition gets a Japanese release this week.
Well, that's that's nice. Maybe they finally worked out those bugs.
And Star Melody Yumemi Dreamer comes out in Japan this week.
And there's one more, Shika Banagurai no Bokenmeshi comes out in Japan.
It's a very busy week in Japan on the switch.
Quickly looking to see if we have anything on the PlayStation 5 this week.
We have some peripheral color things.
Oh, the I think those are the official releases.
The console covers are out this week in Japan.
But otherwise, we have the Uncharted Legacy of Thieves collection gets its PlayStation 5 release
and that really pretty purple wireless controller as well.
So there is that.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
On the 27th, we have Rugby 22.
We also have Pokemon Legends Arceus on the 28th for Switch for PlayStation.
Also on the 28th, we have the following four games, Human Fall Flat Anniversary Edition,
Wanderer PSVR, Horror Tales and Uncharted Legacy of Thieves collection.
All right.
By the way, yeah, before I forget, and I should have done this right at the beginning,
I want to thank Blaxican for the shout out that he gave us in his channel right before we went live.
So, oh, that was very nice of him.
Thank you.
I was watching him earlier today, but I wasn't watching before showtime.
So that's very kind.
Thank you.
Shout out.
I appreciate that.
Yeah, it's it's been an interesting year with you and I both participating more on Twitch,
especially you, to be quite honest, participating more on Twitch.
It's it's really cool, like all the people we've been able to meet this year and network with.
And I really hope we get to continue that in next year.
And I hope we get to do more of that in person with events like, you know, Twitch Con and just conventions,
you know, just fingers and toes crossed that this COVID thing can get a little more under control.
I know it's probably going to always be endemic, but, you know, at least maybe we can look at it a little more like the flu
and we can actually do things in person again would be really, really wonderful.
So it'd be great to meet some of y'all very kind people from the land of Twitch.
Thank you.
All right.
I will be at Dragon Con come hell or high water.
If they have one, I'm going.
And I don't see why they won't have one at this point, because we know a lot of the basic precautions big shows can take at this point.
So I really do want to go to Twitch Con, but.
I'm still iffy about conventions anyway, but I want to meet my friends.
Yeah, I get it.
And I'm and I now get to I now get to officially put myself in the immunocompromised bucket after my recent diagnosis.
So, yeah, it's all about precautions, precautions, precautions.
Yeah, but honestly, Dragon Con was great.
Every like the thing that made it good was that everybody just fucking played by the rules.
I didn't see people trying to hide without their mask or something like that or anything like that.
Like, I'm sorry, I know I'm talking about a convention that happened months ago, but still, like, I just wish everything was like that, where everybody understood the rules and knew what they needed to do and just fucking followed it.
And it was beautiful.
Like, I just wish we could get to that for everything.
All right.
Anyway, off my high horse onto Loki's high horse and a franchise that he has had a lot to say about in the last few months.
Right, Loki?
Yeah, so there was an interview with CEO Strauss Zelnick of Take-Two in his comments regarding Grand Theft Auto, the definitive trilogy.
And here it's just ridiculous how much he downplays what's happened with the thing.
So he says, and with the regards to the GTA trilogy, that was actually not a new title.
It was a remaster of pre-existing titles.
We did have a glitch in the beginning and that glitch was resolved and the title has done just great for the company.
So we're very excited.
We have an amazing pipeline going forward.
One singular glitch, Loki.
One, one glitch.
There was a glitch in the matrix.
Somebody, some oops, all berries.
Sorry.
It was a little bit of a glitch.
Sorry about that.
I'm sorry.
That's not, no, that is not a glitch.
That, that is just a complete failure at putting together a product.
Like, no, he's a terrible human being as far as the CEO goes.
Like we'll get Kotick out of the way.
Uh, as far as we know, he's not, you know, harassing women.
So at least he's got that going for him right now.
But he's still, it's still just like a very toxic company.
Uh, pixel pockets and chat says one glitch as a treat.
Uh, he three VL and chat says, did they fix the rain?
Did they fix these glitches?
They did fix the rain.
They did.
Finally.
They basically, they waited for everybody and make the big definitive list of all the bugs.
And then they went and fixed those bugs.
How nice.
It was just a glitch.
It is only a glitch, like glitch.
My God.
That's how I'm going to review their next game.
It's just a little glitch.
Moving on.
Uh, I don't know how glitchy your list for this will be, but, uh, mine's probably going to show a lot of, uh, I don't know.
I don't, I don't know if I played a lot of PlayStation in 2021, to be honest.
Cause, uh, a lot of my game time was on my series X, but, um, I'll probably final fantasy 14 when I played on PlayStation for a bit.
Uh, I'm talking about the PlayStation wrap up.
Uh, it breaks down statistics of your PlayStation four and your PlayStation five play for 2021.
I know, aren't we getting towards the end of January?
Why aren't we still talking about 2021?
Well, this site launched this week.
It just took a little bit of time to get going, but you can go to wrapup.playstation.com and you can look at your stats for PlayStation four and five for 2021.
Uh, when you connect your PlayStation account, you can see how many hours you spent on different PlayStation game games.
Excuse me, the five games you played the most and what trophies you got throughout the year.
Cause I know some of you loved a trophy hunt.
That's for sure.
Um, you can also see your playtime breakdown between PlayStation four and PlayStation five, which in my case, I never touched a PlayStation five with my account.
I touched it when I visited Bobby Black Wolf, but it was on his account.
Um, Oh, you do get PlayStation VR.
So there's that if, if you were using that in the last year, uh, also, uh, some games got like.
Global stats.
So for example, death stranding director's cuts, the community has traveled 45 million kilometers and delivered 9.4 million packages.
12 million hours of returnal had been played.
34.6% of Ratchet and Clank Rift Apart players got all of the weapons.
So there you go.
You have to have played at least 10 hours of games on PlayStation four or five to get your stats.
And it's not going to work if you're a PlayStation fly at five player who did not allow full data collection and consent to the additional data collection.
Oh, I see.
That's how they're going to lure you in is with the cute stats.
There you go.
So, uh, E3VL says, did they send an email for that?
No, I don't think they did.
I think they just blasted it with social media posts.
Uh, but again, you can get one at wrapup.playstation.com.
If you missed it, by the way, Xbox, I don't know if it's still up, but Microsoft had a really cool.
Uh, 20th anniversary museum thing, and I'm sorry, I don't have the link, but I'm sure one of y'all in chat, we'll dig it up real quick here and I'll read it out if it's a short link, but that was a really cool thing that showed like what Xbox game have you played the most of, which I was convinced it was going to be no man's sky.
But as it turns out, Mass Effect three was my most ever played Xbox game, which makes sense because not only was it like what, 30 hours of single player mode, how much multiplayer and Mass Effect three did we play over the years?
A lot.
God, so much.
Yeah.
So I was like, Oh, that's why it was so much.
So, um, but that was another really cool thing to check out.
And then, yeah, Nintendo kind of sent theirs on email, I think.
So kind of neat.
All right.
Uh, moving on dark soccer.
So, um, going back to Twitch, um, there are streamers now, uh, campaigning for a disability pride month.
Um, of course they run awareness campaigns for different communities.
There's been pride.
There's been black history month.
Hispanic heritage month.
Um, so now, uh, there is a call, um, from the user voice forum, uh, for uplifting, uh, Twitch streamers with disabilities.
Um, they're wanting to have, uh, different streamers be highlighted.
Um, uh, especially some folks with invisible disabilities as well, um, to, uh, bring awareness that yes, people with various different disabilities do play games and do enjoy them and stream them.
So, uh, The, uh, I'll find the link for everybody.
It's on the Twitch, uh, twitch.uservoice.com, but I will put the link in chat, uh, for the people who are here.
Um, yeah, I'd sign that.
I think that's a great idea.
Um, I know there's, uh, all sorts of people that stream on this platform and it's always nice to see people different than you who also love video games because video games are for everyone.
Here's my small confusion.
Um, and I appreciate a little, um, kind education on this.
Um, I thought that the term disability was something we were trying to get away from and say differently abled, but then I also saw with this campaign, they were saying disability is not a dirty word.
So I'm not, what's, what's the, have we reached a consistently abled was probably created by abled people.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Okay.
And it's the same way as a bunch of these neuro-typical people deciding that we need to be called people with autism instead of autistic people without consulting us.
Okay.
I said someone please educate me on it.
So I'm just, I'm just curious about that.
So, uh, dark to see in chat says definitely a cause near and dear to my heart as well as my wife's.
So I would definitely appreciate something like that from Twitch.
Yeah, absolutely.
I think the more we see different gamers, uh, and all sorts of people that game, uh, the better across, we get the message that gaming is for everyone.
And I think when you have that awareness, like, um, you know, somebody who is, let's just say somebody who is colorblind playing a game and explaining maybe like how they see the game and how things are different.
Like it kind of just makes you more aware, like, Oh, this is why, you know, sometimes there's these different settings and games or why a UI might've been designed this way or a certain thing was picked that way.
And that's just one of many examples, obviously that I'm, I'm thinking about.
So, all right, great.
Uh, then definitely, uh, Oh, thank you at dark soccer already linked that in chat there.
Uh, it's a long link, so I can't read it for the podcast folks.
Sorry, but, uh, it is on the forums at twitch.uservoice.com.
Okay.
Moving on a few, uh, a few, uh, I guess, humorous stories here to close out our ninth hundredth episode Loki.
Yes.
So the, the franchise, even wanting more games for, I'm happy to tell you that they're bringing it back.
So, uh, microids is they've signed a brand new deal to bringing three brand new Garfield games.
That's right.
You thought Garfield go was great.
You thought Garfield cart was great.
I have no idea what they're going to make, but it's going to be Garfield.
Um, so yes, let's, let's wait in anticipation for more Garfield.
How about not?
As long as they don't release it on a Monday.
How about just give me some lasagna?
Sure.
How, how, how do they not have Garfield brand lasagna available at target?
Like, how is that, how is that food collaboration?
Like that missed opportunity.
Why is Garfield in games?
Garfield should be in the frozen foods aisle.
Yeah, maybe, uh, Ziba and chat says we need more Snoopy games.
Sacred Jade said, and most likely Gar Baj to go with Garfield.
Get it?
Yeah.
Womp, womp.
Well, the last Garfield game I played was Garfield go.
And yep, that's something I played.
All right.
I, I spent time on that.
My precious valuable time.
Sorry.
That game.
Yeah.
Well, you know, we all make choices.
Look, that was a choice.
You were going to say something else?
Loki.
Yeah.
I was going to say now the, the, the Garfield game they really need to make
was the, the I'm sorry, John Garfield.
Oh, he's like Garfield without Garfield.
That's the game.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah.
Garfield, Garfield would be fine too.
No, but I'm talking about the, the kind of kafu like Garfield incantations
where he's like this evil thing monster.
So I want to see that.
How about Garfield's Garfield smash brothers, where we just have all of
these Garfield characters and the USA acres crew from Garfield and friends.
All of that in one fighting game.
I remember, remember who was on us acres, who was a previous podcast
guest, Greg burger, also Grimlock.
Oh, I will have you know, though, that Garfield was the first bit of
DLC for nickel Nickelodeon all-star brawl.
Oh, hooray.
Isn't a smash brothers game.
So yeah, thank you.
I've just got tagged with that as well.
Bobby Blackwell suggesting Andrew Garfield could be in the game.
Yes.
Andrew Garfield as Garfield in Garfield.
No, I'm sorry.
The role went to Chris Pratt.
All right.
Chris Pratt is normal.
He is.
All right.
For our last story tonight, I could think of nothing better for our 900th
episode here on air than to talk about pornography, so let's talk about
pornography and how it relates to final fantasy seven and, uh, yeah.
So here's what happened in an actual lawmaker meeting for Italy.
So these were Italian lawmakers, uh, that were meeting on zoom as a lot of,
you know, is happening throughout the world.
Uh, and they were funny enough talking about data transparency
in political decision-making.
And, uh, what happened is that the zoom call was introducing one of last
year's Nobel prize winners in physics.
Uh, his name was Giorgio Parisi.
Uh, and when the zoom call, I guess, cut over, uh, there was a 30 seconds.
Of final fantasy seven hentai porn.
Now the official VOD for the event, funny enough, has that moment edited out,
but you know, once on the internet, always on the internet and it's
circulating on Twitter right now.
Uh,
I couldn't figure out why there was a bunch of pictures going around of like
the Italian flag and Tifa, and I was like, what am I missing?
And then, then they have the research.
I was like, Oh, of course.
Of course.
Uh, and of course this, and honestly, truly at the end of the day, this
has nothing to do with video games.
This is somebody horny on the internet who made something horny for horny
people, and it got played at a political event by somebody, by either somebody
who was horny or a horny hacker.
One of those things happen.
Um, and that's, that's what it, otherwise this really has nothing to do with final
fantasy seven, but our chat of course is lighting up.
And mentioning such facts as dark Tetsuya saying, apparently Tifa was trending on
Twitter, but there wasn't any explanation.
Well, now we know, uh, DJ Rama S says Tifa Lockhart equals Miss Italy 2022.
Uh, Mike Def points out Tifa is Italian.
Is, is, is she?
I don't, I don't, I don't know if that was ever explained because
Italy doesn't exist in that universe.
All right.
So there you go.
I remember the, remember I managed to find a copy of final fuck X.
I was just about to say, this is the same show that around, it was the pre podcast
year.
So I would say it was probably around episode 80, 90.
You've like under one desk, you found a video disc, a VCD of the actual porn final
fuck X, which basically cosplay porn.
It was horrible.
It was horrible.
It was pretty bad.
I mean, you don't watch porn for the plot.
But, uh, I, and that was the, I had never known before that, that the Japanese porn
was censored whenever there was, um, penetration going on.
So you would get the mosaic to show genitals.
Yeah.
But you would see before, before, uh, these women.
Did their thing.
Their costumes are great.
Their costumes were great.
They were, one was dressed as Yuna.
One was Lulu.
Uh, I think that was it.
I think it was just a Yuna, Yuna and a Lulu as if those are the only characters.
Costumes were amazing.
The man, no costumes.
They're just generic dudes.
Yeah.
Because this was, this was pre final fantasy 14 when we realized that, you
know, um, slutty armor is truly for everyone.
Uh, so maybe, maybe if they ever make a final fuck 14, who knows?
Uh, DJ Rama S points out typical of Japanese cosplay porn.
You, sir, sound like you've done your research.
Um, SSG100Matt says, I was doing a show for work and one of the panelists
on the show had a porn pop-up tab with audio blasts during the, uh, show live
on air, needless to say the show's archive had to be taken down.
This is the exact same thing, but not the exact same thing, but the same
thing as that infamous viral video of the, uh, I assure you I'm not a cat.
Uh, it's, it's, it's that it's some horrible setting that got left on by
accident and why the setting was tuned to final fantasy seven hentai porn.
Well, that is the next, that's the next great Italian
mystery, to be quite honest.
There'll be writing, there'll be exposes on that for years.
Anyhow, let's get to the listener round table.
And you know what?
I, I don't want to jinx it.
Cause the minute these words leave my mouth is when problems are going to happen.
However, we're in the home stretch of the show.
So I feel okay saying we have dropped a total of 22 frames
through the whole show.
That's it.
22 as less than a second has drawn.
They weren't good frames.
They weren't good.
Well, I think they were during the classic game of the week, if I remember right.
So they weren't even pictures of us.
So it's fine.
It was somebody else's game.
So, uh, it's, uh, that's it.
We've, we've actually been able to maintain an internet connection.
Knock on wood, of course.
Yes.
Now that I've said that goodbye.
Good night.
But maybe we can actually get some calls on discord tonight.
We'll try it.
Let's see what's the worst that can happen.
So if you want to call on discord, uh, twitch.tv or excuse me, well, twitch.tv
slash vog network is where we're live.
But if you want to join our discord, go to vog network.com slash discord, and, uh,
we will, uh, be awaiting you in the green room and, uh, until we do that,
let's check in on the mailbag.
I don't remember if we have anything, but, um, I'll check in cause stuff
might've accumulated while we've been having internet issues.
So participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place you can send us an email.
Do we have an emails?
We have none.
However, I do want to, um, let you know something that I've just seen come
to light, thanks to our friend.
Okay.
Um, uh, Sacramento's main arcade provider has lost a lot of arcade machines
due to a fire at the Sacramento drive-in.
Oh, I heard about the fire over there.
Yeah.
Um, there is a go fund me set up, um, to raise $20,000 to help replace
the machines and do repairs.
Didn't they have a DDR machine over there?
I'm pretty sure they did.
I thought so.
I think one of my friends went to see Rocky horror there and played DDR
and frankenfurter, um, cosplay, which is great.
Well, I'll put the go fund me up, um, in there, but, um, but if anyone,
um, Uh, is interested in contributing, I have reposted and on my own
Twitter at dark Sakura, thank you for that.
I'm although I'm sad to hear that news, but, um, I feel bad for that.
Every year they threatened to shut down and now this year it catches fire.
It's sad.
Although I guess the project it's, it's all the, uh, like you said, like
the arcade games and the, um, uh, concessions area, uh, not the
projection, I guess is okay.
And that's what the expensive stuff really is.
So, but theaters make a lot of their money on concessions.
I don't know how that works out when it's a drive-in and probably
people are bringing all of their own stuff to eat and drink on
anyway, but still it's still.
All right.
Um, let's check in with Loki to see if there's any last minute stories.
No, I don't have any.
No, nothing.
All right.
Well, um, I don't see anybody in the green room.
I'll give it one more moment to see if anyone wants to call in.
Otherwise, let me check in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network.
You know, when we don't get any emails, we usually talk about drag race.
I'm just going to ask real quick.
Cause dark soccer season 14 started.
I don't know if you've been watching.
I've seen bits and pieces.
What's Oh, you have.
I cannot.
Oh, you can't.
Oh, damn.
Cause I was going to ask if you have a fave, but, um, there was the one
who came out, I think all in polka dots.
I watched, I watched the, the walk-ins on someone's channel, but I don't remember.
Was that in Nigeria?
Might've been Nigeria that did that.
That might be, um, there's a lot of strong people this season.
My favorites are dia Betty for obvious reasons.
Um, and, uh, I also, uh, she's not a big pill.
She's a willow pill.
I just watched some of Willow pills outfits.
Just very glamorous.
Yeah.
I think Willow pills.
Fantastic.
I honestly, so, uh, the, I need a way to watch, so I'm going to try to figure
something out if you can't see, if you can't watch anything else from drag race
this season, watch, cause they, they, they Jack the thing from all stars where they
do, uh, um, talent show in the first episode, watch Willow pills talent show.
It's amazing.
Okay.
By the way, apparently Brittany covered, you ought to know and nailed it.
Oh, like on her Instagram.
Um, I think on like a live stage.
Oh, interesting.
But Brittany hasn't, I mean, it has to be an old clip cause Brittany hasn't done any
performing since the whole, it was reposted by Marina from Marina and the diamonds.
It's it's gotta be old though.
Cause Brittany hasn't performed since the whole, um, executive
ship and that whole thing.
She didn't want to perform.
She was doing, I don't know how old it is, but I never knew this clip
existed and it's pretty awesome.
Yeah.
I mean, old stuff resurfaces sometimes it still doesn't make it any less great.
Um, Kelly Clarkson recently did a hands clean by Alanis.
It was great.
Kelly Clarkson.
I like, she's one of those people.
It's like, I always forget how fucking good she is.
And then like one of her covers will just float it.
Cause she did, she has a cover literally every day because of her talk show.
And one of her covers comes across my Twitter feed and I'm like, God, that woman
is a gift, you know, not that I, I don't want to speak anything negative about
Dolly Parton, put her in a bubble, protect her, save her, but I do feel like Kelly
Clarkson is sort of being groomed for that role when Dolly Parton inevitably
leaves that leaves this earth.
So.
There is that.
All right.
But not for like 25 years.
Okay.
If, uh, we could, Dolly needs 25 more years.
Yeah.
You need to talk to share.
Okay.
And do whatever she taught to Keith Richards.
Talk to Keith Richards.
That's what Betty should have done was taught to Keith Richards.
I'm just saying.
All right.
Uh, let's, we actually have a call in the green room.
I want to get to this cause I have a feeling.
I know what this person is calling in to talk about and I
definitely want to hear it.
So let's get to it and welcome our caller onto the show.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey everyone.
It's a show under Matt.
Hey, Matt.
It's good to hear from you.
If you want to, oh, it's just about to say you can turn on your cam if you want,
but some, some people call in and are like, you don't want me to turn my cam on.
Trust me.
Okay.
Don't.
All right.
Hey, good to see you, Matt.
Well, now, now I got to try to concentrate, not to look at the TV.
I know.
I know.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
So, um, this is a little delayed, but I wanted to call in and talk
a little bit about a mag fest.
Well, the delay is our fault.
Not yours, please.
I want to hear about mag fest.
How was it?
Um, so, well, first off, I wanted to say that I am, uh, I came back, uh,
fine and safe, I didn't get sick or anything like that first.
First off, who is that cute little fuzz ball behind you?
Oh, he's awake.
Um, his name is Finn.
It's, uh, it's our pop.
Okay.
Uh, um, what are you French bulldog?
Uh, Boston terrier, Boston terrier.
Sorry to the facial shape.
Sorry to the podcast listeners who can't see the dog, but, um, also
not sorry, because I'm always going to ask about the cute animals.
Sorry.
But also, um, he is, uh, he is, he is on the subscriber chat.
I did post a picture a while back, but regardless, um, uh, so yeah, mag fest.
Um, uh, so mag fest was obviously very different this year, um, because
of all the COVID stuff and, um, they, and it did have a very good time.
They did, they did make a lot of changes.
Um, it did require a vaccination and, uh, everybody to be masked at all times.
And that ended up being very good because I think, uh, I think other
conventions that have had similar requirements, they've all kind of
worked out and every, and it seems like everybody did, uh, did follow the rules.
And that was the case of mag fest as well.
Yeah.
And I think it's important to point out, you know, I've talked about
dragon con and how great that felt, even if it was a little weird, but
dragon con was also kind of like not, I mean, I guess it was kind of during
the Delta variant and all that, but you guys had to deal with the mag fest,
had to deal with the Omicron variant and how that has been really growing.
And so like, you know, to be fair, that wasn't a concern at dragon con,
whereas, you know, you had this new, highly contagious variant.
And I think that made a lot of people question like, Oh shit, is
mag fest even going to happen?
Although now, you know, no, no company's going to get out of the
legal necessities to put that on.
So I was kind of curious, like what precautions they were going to taste.
They actually required full vaccination and mass.
That's good.
Yeah.
And, um, and even, and even me, like I like with everything that was going
on, I kind of like, I didn't decide on going finally until like the day before.
Cause it was just like, things were just getting worse.
Maryland, the state of Maryland where mag fest is, they had a, did a state of
emergency because cases were just so high in the DC area.
So, um, I just kind of decided that, you know, I'm going to do all the right things.
I'm going to follow the rules.
I'm going to wear a mask.
I even even wore a face shield and that all seemed to work out.
Um, but, um, I just decided that, you know, like I needed to kind of just get
out of the house, do something and this felt, you know, I felt like the
precautions and everything were pretty safe and going there, everything.
Um, there was a lot less capacity.
Um, typically make best gets about 22,000 attendees.
Um, this year they had just under 11, uh, about half that a little less than half of that.
And, um, and, but see, I love dragon con at half capacity, even if it's probably not
sustainable, that I loved it at half capacity and, and, you know, and, and
magfest was about the same, cause it just, it felt a lot more kind of open.
And, um, yeah, there were fewer, you know, machines, there were fewer
because in the arcade area, you know, you could just play any, the kind of the nice
thing about magfest is that it kind of runs, um, 24 hours through the, through
the whole, through the whole weekend.
Um, they had to change that because of staff issues.
It didn't have people that didn't have enough volunteers to watch the arcade
room and expo hall for the whole time.
So they had to close from 4 AM to 8 AM.
Um, but you know, there were fewer machines.
There were, there were fewer guests, a lot of guests dropped out at the last minute.
Um, and, but they did do a lot of like nice virtual things.
They, um, they did some VR chat stuff where people could watch parts of the
parts of the show through VR chat.
And, uh, different concerts and everything like that.
So, and there were like some stations where you can, uh, see people in VR chat.
Um, and interact and interact with those people.
Um, that's neat.
And they had, and apparently there's a whole, there was a whole, like a
conventions that are metaverse.
People can go around, they can, and there's been like a little, like a
in-joke at magfest with, uh, Danny DeVito shrine.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I saw that.
I saw that.
And the Betty white shrine.
Yeah, they have a, they, they, and the Betty white shrine was,
that was the new thing this year.
Yeah.
So, um, but everybody, for the most part, everybody that I saw and every
that I kind of interacted with, everybody followed the rules.
Everybody wore a mask, everybody kind of social distance.
I kind of did, I kind of had to change my, the way that I kind of do.
Magfest, uh, typically I have, we have a bunch of friends come.
Um, very few of my friends came for obvious reasons.
Um, and typically we'd go to the concerts.
I didn't really attend to the concerts.
And, um, I didn't really attend some, some of their bigger panels.
It's just kind of like I poke, I would poke my head and see how busy and just
kind of, kind of get the feeling before I kind of like committed to like going
into some things, um, just because just like,
just wanted to kind of just be as safe as possible. But even like,
just like with that, I kind of still had a good time.
And, um,
I think that there's definitely a space for conventions even in this era of
COVID and everything that I think that if shows do the right things and every,
and all the attendees do all the right things that I think that it can still,
that, uh, conventions can still work in this era.
Yeah. Um, you know, I want to, it just goes to show, you know, cause I,
and I haven't heard of Magfest having been a super spreader event.
Um, and I know with Dragon Con, a lot of people were screaming beforehand,
it's going to be a super spreader event and it does go to show that while yes,
there is an increased risk with that. You are putting yourself at risk. Um,
if you follow the rules, take precautions, you know,
and in addition to,
I know you isolated for a few days after the fact as did I after Dragon Con,
you know, and then get tested and all that stuff.
It's like you can kind of make these things work. Um, and you know,
Omicron won't be around forever and hopefully not too much longer.
And maybe when we get more endemic, maybe we'll still have, I don't know,
masks and vaccines at conventions,
but maybe we'll be able to have a lot of people back and all that. Um,
I still think it would be really good to have a lot of people back and all that.
I still think it would be really cool.
Some of these things kind of stick around.
Like you were talking about the VR chat and the metaverse and allowing people
who maybe like physically can't get to magfest,
even if COVID wasn't a thing, uh, allow them to still participate.
I think that's kind of cool.
So I hope that they do kind of keep some of those things that they've had to
think about because of COVID involved, um, in the future,
just like Dragon Con and Dragon Con TV and expanding that and allowing more home
access in that regard and their discord server and all that stuff. You know,
a lot of conventions are finding sort of their niches and their ways to sort of
expand in the era of COVID. And I think that's a really, really good thing. So.
Yeah. And, uh, and just one more thing that I forgot to mention that magfest did,
that was kind of, that I thought it was nice. Some people aren't,
aren't really too crazy about it. Um, that, um, magfest,
they kind of did like their own little contract tracing, um,
thing, uh, afterwards, um,
everybody who got tested and came back positive,
they were encouraged to fill out a Google spreadsheet of
where they went, when did they get tested and,
and magfest published all the,
all the reports and everything of where these people went. Um,
they didn't say, you know, like they, everything was anonymous, but, um,
they said like, okay, if you were at this panel, uh,
one person was tested positive there. So if, so if you were at this panel,
maybe you should get yourself tested and they published the whole list.
Something unofficial like that kind of happened with dragon con and we actually
found out one of the panelists on one of the tracks I was on was positive for
COVID and went to dragon con annoyingly with COVID. Um,
but the good news was nobody got nobody like everybody on the track,
at least all the panelists that talk on this discord,
all of them got lab tested, including myself. None of us were positive.
So that was like, you know, obviously it sucks. Someone had COVID, but, um,
that was really refreshing. So, yeah. And yeah, no.
And I think the numbers,
so they published the numbers of like how many people like self-reported and
they said about 187 people tested positive afterwards out of, you know,
well, but out of 11,000, that's actually, you know, and you don't know if
reported. So then some of them, so the members might be more, but.
But also they maybe didn't get it at magfest because I know when I went to
dragon, if I got COVID in Atlanta, it was on public transit.
It was not a dragon con. Like I, like it was,
there's other elements to getting to the con that I think have to be considered
as well.
Of course. Yeah. So, um, you know,
like I did all the right things.
I took a week off and kind of just isolated. I mean, I work from home anyways,
but it's, um, I did all the right things. I didn't go out and kill my family.
Like a lot of people on the internet claim that anyone who attended magfest was
going to do now. It just, um,
I mean, I think, I think that you,
you just have to assume that everybody who wants to do something public
has best intent and that they're going to do the right thing. I think that's,
you just have to,
you just have to just assume that anyone will kind of do that because not
everybody is like a, you know, spring break party boat,
everybody not vaccinated and all that stuff.
It's a lot of people follow the rules and do all the right things. So.
Was it like, you know,
going back to kind of the point of magfest and you know you willing to put
yourself at the risk and all that stuff. What was it nice to just have a taste?
What was it about magfest that made you go, you know what,
I'm really glad I did this.
Um, I think being, you know, being, being stuck at home for so long,
just just like I kind of needed to get out, you know, and, um,
just kind of just like,
it was just a little taste of just kind of like this is what things were like
before.
And like I was able to take a semi real vacation in a ways for all this.
So it, it's just a, for just mentally, it's just like, it's just,
it's nice to kind of just do something even though like there's restrictions
and all that stuff. I think it's just nice to just kind of just have some joy,
do, do something fun.
All right. Well,
thank you for calling in tonight and talking about your magfest experience.
I appreciate it. And, uh, let's all, and of course, and of course,
happy 900th episodes. Thank you. Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Couldn't have done it without the support of you and so many other people that
participate with our show for a long time.
I know you haven't been here since episode one, but let's be honest.
It kind of feels like it. I was,
I think I came in in the red of double digits there, but that's,
that is pretty fucking impressive, honestly. And you know what? I don't care.
I don't care if episode three was your first show or if episode 900 is your
first show. Welcome. Thank you. I hope you, I hope you'd enjoy,
hope you enjoy being a part of this because we really enjoy having everybody
here. We certainly have. And, uh, of course,
congratulations in the house for you and Alan.
And I hope it's a really an experience and, uh,
don't drive yourself nuts with the move.
We hired movers already. So that part is now it's just packet. No,
cause when we saved the money, I knew,
I said we are saving like an extra dollars to
earmark movers. Cause we're not like we're at that age where pizza and beer
doesn't work anymore to get movers. It worked on me, which is all.
That's very sweet. Thank you. Um, maybe you can help us sort through some,
you know what?
I need somebody to help set up my office with all these cute little mini arcade
cabs and things like that. So maybe I'll, I'll ask you to help me with that.
But it is really cute. I will say this, um, because you know,
I do this stuff with Rocky horror here locally and the horror film festival and
I have, you know, different friend groups through that.
And there are a lot of younger folks like in their twenties and so forth.
And it is very cute because so many of them are offering to help.
Like if you need anything with moving, let me know. And I'm like, Oh God,
I love you so much. But trust me, when you get, when you get to 40,
your forties, you're like, I'm just paying for movers to do it.
And it'll be done in three hours.
When we moved into this house. Um, cause keep in mind, I,
I think we were just in our very late thirties when we did it,
but we did everything ourselves. But you know,
with the pinball crowd,
we know so many people who have like dollies
and lifting jacks and all kinds of stuff.
That's true.
The, for us, it was like, we'll just, we'll just have our friends. I mean,
and I moved a lot of stuff at my Fiat,
a lot of stuff fit in that Fiat.
Pod culture is asking, will Mr. Smoosh get his own room? No,
we're taking his room away, the guest room.
So that Alan and I can have separate offices so that hopefully on our gigabit
fiber, we can both stream at the same time.
That is what we're hoping for the new setup.
Mr. Smoosh will get to share his new room and his potty box, uh,
with the washer and dryer in a facility. Cause now in newer houses,
you don't really put it in the garage.
They actually have like a laundry room in the house. So that's what we have. So,
um, that's where Mr. Smoosh's, uh, stuff can go as far as I'm concerned.
But I'm excited for him to lose a little weight, uh,
hoofing it up and down the stairs cause the new house has stairs.
So he has to hoof it up and down the stairs.
It didn't help Shermy much. Remember? Oh, oh really? Oh yeah. Oh well.
But, but, um, uh,
DJ Rama asked if Mr. Smoosh got the arcade machine.
I, I said that to Dan and he reminded me of when Shermy
lived inside of a pole position. Um, remember that? Yes, I do.
I do. And the answer to Rama's question, uh, no, um,
because our policy right now is less stuff, not more.
So we're not taking on any new stuff until after the move is done.
But if those machines are, so what he sent me for those, it was, um,
it's a cat scratcher, like a wooden scratch,
but it looks like an arcade machine and it's really fucking cute.
It's like a kitty arcade machine. And so, um,
if the move and they're still available after the move,
I will happily get them one.
Here's something else I need everybody to consider. And, um,
this will not be a surprise anyway. So right now we only have Mr. Smoosh,
one cat because our landlord only allows one pet. Guess what else happened?
Change. Guess what else changes in February?
We don't have a landlord anymore. So, so y'all,
y'all can read between the lines of what I'm getting at.
So don't think about just Mr. Smoosh in this picture.
Really careful and see if Mr. Smoosh is okay with other cats.
Yeah. We need to find something where it's acceptable for us to do a test run.
And Alan and I have to be able to accept the fact that it might not work.
And that's the whole reason we ended up independent fosters.
And that's the whole reason we ended up with Mr.
Smoosh in the first place is that the, the person that found Mr. Smoosh, uh,
the friend of a friend that,
that realized Smoosh had been abandoned and that something had happened to his
eye and all that stuff, uh, tried to take him in,
but the other cat was not having them.
So she knew she had to find a different, um, uh,
family and we were ready and available. Anyway, uh,
Quest Buster says-
Well there's always going to be an introductory period. A lot of, uh,
really good things to do to, to bring a cat in is that when you bring in a new
cat, you do need to give them about a week of quarantine.
More like if they're young cats. Um,
and then a thing that you can do is start feeding them separately and then
slowly move their bowls together and feed them at the same time.
Yeah.
And then that helps with, I've, I fostered a little bit in my time.
I've introduced a kitten.
You should have seen when I brought my cat Ranma home when old man was alive,
when I lived in Alabama, that was an adventure.
Um,
Dr. Tzuyu says my wife's cat is always rubbing up against my Ms.
Pac-Man one up. I think she thinks it's hers now.
There's something about those machines that cats love.
When I turn on the burger time machine, if smooshes around,
his eyes light the fuck up and like,
he wants to get right up in that screen.
It's something about the lights and the noise. He's so into it. Yeah.
It's wild.
Midna's completely indifferent.
Yeah.
All right. Sorry. Sorry, Matt.
I know you're calling with your dog and here we are having cat talk.
All right.
Hi cutie.
He's actually, he's actually terrified of cats.
Oh, that's cute.
Oh, poppers.
I love that.
He's terrified of cats.
He thinks they're dogs, but that they, he thinks that they're dogs, but you know,
they just being off put, off putting and, uh, don't want to play with them.
Oh, Midna loves dogs.
And he, she liked one too.
And one too was a big,
scary pit bull who was really a little puppy in her heart.
All right, Matt, I'm going to let you go,
but thank you so much for calling into the show tonight and talking about
MagFest. It's really nice to hear that, uh, the conventions are,
are making it work. Uh,
and maybe we can have a taste of that again,
especially as we look to things like TwitchCon and you know,
all the stuff we want to go to in 2022.
So, all right.
Yeah, you too.
Take care of my friend.
Bye bye.
All right.
Always good to hear from our folks that are out there listening.
I think that was the only call I saw in the green room.
So I think with that,
we will probably go to wrapping up our show tonight.
Thanks again as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
And as I said,
whether it's your first time listening or your 899th time listening,
thank you so much for being a part of the show tonight. Uh,
we'll be back in seven days for episode number 901 and maybe the
internet issues are a thing of the past. Fingers crossed, toes crossed.
There's one other thing I forgot to mention.
All right.
This today marks, um,
my anniversary of living in California now officially more than half of my life.
Oh, well, congrats.
Thank you.
I think we can officially say you're a California girl.
The day, uh, Dan and I met in person.
Oh, wowee.
Oh, that's amazing.
So you've known Dan half your life.
More than, well, more.
Well, yeah, more than half in person, more than half.
Wow. Wow.
Congrats. Mazel tov.
All right.
Thank you.
Um, so, OK, uh, where was I?
Yes, thank you for listening.
And if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio,
tell a friend or two about the show.
Even if you hated the show and yet somehow still made it to the end.
Tell somebody you think might actually like this stuff.
Make a YouTube about this show and everything that's wrong with it.
And Logie will watch it.
No, seriously, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we want more voices here to get those thoughts and opinions out on the air.
If you want to join our discord, we'd love to have you vognetwork.com
slash discord, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify,
wherever it is you actually Spotify does have reviews now.
So those actually do work on there.
So please, if you haven't yet rated us there, please consider it.
And all of that goes an awful long way.
And again, just thank you for being a part of it.
We really couldn't have got to episode 900 without your help.
And here's here's hoping for a thousand.
That's it. I can't think of anything else to say.
So let's get to the final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, I know you're probably going to go off and start your killing
and dead by daylight, so I'll let you go first with your final thought.
Um, I'm going to try to make it a full stream.
I'm still feeling a little bit under the weather, but we'll try.
I'm on my second round of antibiotics. Can you believe it?
Oh, boy. Feel better.
Thank you. Later, caters.
At least at least it wasn't COVID.
At least it was a COVID.
I know it's like the saying of the year.
All right. Take care of Dark Sakura.
All right. Bye, everybody.
Loki, I'll go to you for your final thought.
My final thought is that I'm
going to try to put out another episode here pretty soon of my YouTube series.
I'm still working on a very large builder right now.
It's a starter base.
It's enormous.
So hopefully they'll be coming soon.
And my final thought is I am fucking gagged that we made it
through the whole episode without an Internet outage
when I was sitting here at the very beginning going,
well, it's probably going to be a month before we can fix.
Of course, if I if I say it, the opposite will be willed into existence.
But you know what? I'll take it because I love having you folks here live
and not having to deal with all those shitty hiccups.
So thank you.
And hey, if my Internet can hold out, maybe I can squeeze in
a few more personal streams.
I'm probably not going to be streaming a lot a lot until I get to the new place.
I've been wanting to say for so long that, like Alan
and I have these ways that we're going to fix some of our problems.
And now I can find out kind of openly talk about it, which is great.
But it will probably slow down my personal streaming for a little bit.
But in February, it's on. It is on.
All right. That is going to do it.
Thank you again for listening to our show. Have fun gaming.
Everyone games and should have fun playing some games.
Make this a welcoming space for everyone.
We'll see you in seven days to do this all again with episode number nine hundred
and one. I hope that sounds good.
Have a great week, everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
