Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, November 25th, 2012, could a new scaled down Xbox 360 be on the way?
Sony's credit rating is reduced, and Japan bans the sale of a controversial cartridge.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with this episode number 483 for November 25th, 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here to talk to you guys about video games and what's going on in gaming culture and so forth with my co-host.
Say hello, first off, to the one, the only, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
You should really watch where that glass is.
Oh, with the mic cords and everything?
I didn't want to knock it off and then onto your knee and have you curse loudly, although that might have been funny, but it would have been very poor radio.
Yes, broken glass going into my foot, not a good radio time.
No, but it would have been hilarious here.
Not really. Heart, heart, heart, heart.
Also say hello, what is it, less than slash three.
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
Good.
Alright, what's new with you?
Not much.
Did you have a good holiday?
Yeah, it was fun.
Eat a lot?
Yes.
Good, good times.
I read about the adventures of your child sitting under the tree eating spaghetti.
A spaghetti Thanksgiving?
Nellie posted something.
How does that work?
Eating spaghetti under the tree.
Or eating some food under the tree.
Maybe turkey?
Maybe turkey?
Alright.
Anyhow, also say hello to the ever present fourth guest in our chat room.
Live.vognetwork.com is the place to be where you can read comments such as Jason who says,
Rob sounds particularly more energetic tonight.
And Brad from Pod Culture says, probably lots of coffee.
That's true.
Yes, four cups today.
That's true.
Alright, we do have another guest joining us in studio.
Somebody new to the show.
Can you believe there's still people in Sacramento who play video games who haven't been on this
show?
But we do have somebody new to the show tonight.
I don't know if you have a nickname you'd like to go by.
What do you want me to introduce you to tonight?
Wordpress handle is Rakshasa Rani.
Rakshasa.
Are you a Kingdom Hearts girl?
Is that where Rakshasa comes from?
No, no.
It's Rakshasa Rani.
It basically translates to Ogre Queen, but I'm sure it's improperly conjugated.
Okay, that's alright.
That's alright.
Well, hello and welcome to the show.
Don't expect me to be able to repeat that.
Can I call you by your first name?
Yes, go right ahead.
I'm gonna call you Rachel because that's what your name is.
So hi Rachel, welcome to the show.
Not Indian at all.
But a good-
But we could go rahel.
A good plug for your Wordpress right at the top of the show.
That's the way to sell your site here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So, welcome to the show.
You and Jamie go to school together or something like that, right?
We slave away on the magazine together.
Okay.
Good times.
And we're both kind of subbing on the other side pretty much.
You know, I've always felt more part of the writing process.
But this year I'm on the design team whereas Jamie, who is an excellent designer, is now
on the English side of it.
Yeah, so we're sort of crossed over.
But that means we both see what goes on on each side and then go, what's up with that?
So, you guys are frenzies from school.
So, how did you guys- obviously you guys connected because you're both obviously geeky gals,
which is great.
We love geeky gals.
How did you guys kind of find that connection?
Through many rides home.
Yes.
And series of conversations the first semester.
And yarn.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
And yarn.
Which I'm working on during the show again.
Lots of you.
More crochet.
You were mentioning earlier that you are very experienced with yarn and all that stuff.
So, very cool.
And she's a fantastic potter.
Oh, thank you.
And that's really my only contribution to the yarn store is because my mother's more
of a crocheter.
My sister knits.
I do these things called yarn bowls.
And basically it's just, you know, yarn accessories works out pretty well for me.
Well, all this talk about knitting and crocheting and pottery is going to go over great with
our teen male audience.
But-
Hi, boys.
Let me ask you a little- I play games and I do pottery.
Let's talk about games for a minute.
Do pottery, not pot.
We were talking a little bit before the show and you mentioned you have a love of Silent
Hill.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
It's going to be really fun for us here at OLR.
What's your favorite out of the series?
Ooh, it's kind of a toss up.
I kind of like 3 and 4.
I love 4 for its story more than its gameplay aspects.
Interesting.
You don't hear a lot of people sticking up for 4.
I think 4 was better than people say it was.
It was intriguing.
But weird that you didn't say 2.
I can't get past the voice acting.
Did you ever try that Silent Hill HD collection where they redid it all?
No.
I haven't played it either because my understanding is they somehow made it worse.
So, I don't know.
Go with that.
What other games do you play?
What other games do you like?
What are you a fan of?
I've been playing a lot of Portal recently.
I love Portal, but it's really on my 4-year-old nephew's account too.
He's a huge fan of Portal 2 and that is literally the first thing out of his mouth any time
he comes over to visit.
I've got that pretty much.
I could navigate that in my sleep.
Nice.
No wonder you and Jamie get along.
She would not shut up about Portal until she discovered Mass Effect.
Yeah.
So, now I've got to get her.
Oh, God.
Did she suck you into that too?
Not yet.
I've been telling her about it.
I've got Becky.
Becky's already beaten the third game now.
Wait a minute.
She's playing through Leviathan now.
Did Becky play a lot of video games before?
No.
None.
I should tell her that we're talking about her because she's actually making dinner for
Julian right now.
Oh, okay.
But she's like, I found out that the controllers are ergonomic.
They don't hurt.
So, she's been playing through everything on Xbox 360.
I figured it out.
Mass Effect 3, or Mass Effect the series, is like Fifty Shades of Grey.
It's like Fifty Shades of Garris.
Fifty Shades of Garris.
There you go.
A.K.A.
Turian Pene.
Shade 1, calibrations.
Shade 2, more calibrations.
Shade 3.
Can you come back later?
I'm trying to do some calibration.
No, but I'm actually super looking forward to Omega.
You have to play Mass Effect.
The first one's free.
Go into our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com where you can participate.
A supporter, Rachel, in the chatroom.
Shane Olenko says, yay, someone else likes 4.
4 was awesome.
4 was pretty cool.
Shane is a huge Silent Hill fan.
So, let's see.
Enact Deft.
Portal is the most fun.
Portal is the most fun.
Portal 2 is the best.
Those two statements contradict each other in an oddly positive way.
I like it.
I like it.
Tigerclaw says, I don't even want to know what Turian Vag looks like.
You'll find out in the Omega DLC this week.
Actually, there is an artist that I follow that did a very, very good comic called First Contact.
It's about the whole, you know, Shepard Garris.
It's not like First Contact with her butt, is it?
No.
No, it's Turian Pain.
But anyway, she also did a series of drawings of what she thinks the Vag of other species looks like.
Why?
Why, why, why?
Because inquiring minds want to know.
But the thing is, she's actually a super, super good artist.
And that's what she spends her talents on.
So her work is actually rather realistic.
And it would make logical sense.
Oh my god.
I can't.
Did someone say portfolio?
Anyhow, let me bring up another random comment in the chat room to try and stir this conversation in a different direction.
I'm going to bring up another game I know you told me about earlier, Rachel.
Brad from Pod Culture says, ooh, Steam has Arkham City for $7.50.
That's another game series you said you were into, right?
Oh, yes, yes.
As a matter of fact, first time I installed Arkham Asylum, I did one complete playthrough throughout two days
because I didn't want to have to, you know, yeah, I installed it and then I didn't register it or whatever.
So I couldn't save it.
So I basically just played the thing for two days straight.
And then Arkham City came out, I played that thing into the ground.
And like, I'm, you know, I come from a family of completionists.
So it's like I was in there doing like every single Riddler challenge.
And oh my god, I lost so much sleep.
It's like I could feel my eyes just ready to fall out of my skull at that point.
But you did it.
Did you do all the DLC too?
No, no, I'm saving those for a special occasion.
And you haven't really finished it.
I know.
Twitch, Twitch, Twitch.
I was trying to see if I could get her to Twitch.
Were you a fan of the comics before playing the game?
Um, you know, not so much the comics.
I got into the games mainly because of the cartoon connection.
Kevin Conroy, awesome.
Ah, okay, the anime series.
Oh yeah.
And you know, him and Mark Hamill, they are basically Batman and the Joker for me.
It's all kinds of happies.
There's a lot of people on your team when it comes to that.
So, awesome.
Um, well, let's see.
I was mad at the DLC.
Huh.
I didn't play all the DLC.
Well, you know the thing with, um, okay, the game's been out forever so I'm just gonna freaking say it.
About, um, Harley.
Jump ahead, quick.
If you don't want spoilers, jump ahead.
Mute for one minute.
About Harley's pregnancy test.
And then, like, in the DLC there's like 20 bajillion of them that are all negative.
Oh, they're trying to fix that for a possible third game or something.
Except, like, there was the ending where she was singing a lullaby.
So, um, whatever.
Or, you know, that would be like a defining character moment where she thinks she's pregnant but she's really gone even crazier.
So it's like a Joker doll that she's calling her baby.
I kind of like if it would move in that direction.
Interesting.
Interesting.
She sounds like one of those crazy women, like the type that would draw vaginas of alien races and post them on her Tumblr.
You know what?
I linked the Tumblr in the chat room.
Oh, great.
Thank you, thank you so much for that.
I'm sure Loki's pulling it up right now.
Alright.
For the record, Rob, despite the comic being fairly graphic, it actually is very...
It's artsy.
It actually tells a story.
We'll leave it at that.
We'll leave it at that.
Alright, I would have to ask you before we move on to a real kickoff topic.
Rachel, what's your gaming platform of choice?
Do you have a particular console you tend to play stuff on or are you more PC gal?
Where do you lean?
Shiznite.
Shiznite.
You know, I tend to gravitate towards PC just because I'm big on retro games and a lot of emulators available there.
Ah, I see.
Yeah, but if you twist my arm and force me to pick, I'd have to go with a Nintendo console just out of sheer loyalty.
Oh, okay.
You're one of those.
No, I'm just kidding.
Yeah, I'm one of those.
Loki will love you.
Alright.
I don't know anything wrong with Nintendo consoles.
Just, you know, the Wii U's just not worth the money.
Well, we'll get into plenty more of that in a minute, but I did want to talk about some other kickoff topics here real quick.
Obviously, we hope all you guys here in the States had a happy Thanksgiving holiday, you know, and around the world.
Hope you had a good week.
Obviously, retail madness over the weekend.
I kind of hate that that stuff is starting to eclipse Thanksgiving.
I think a lot of people are growing very frustrated with it.
But it is the time to get some good deals and the Steam sale, obviously, is another good place to get deals.
Civ V, which I never showed up about on this show, great deal going on right now.
I was really tempted to get Borderlands 2, which I know is on sale.
I'm curious if you guys picked up any gaming deals over these past few days.
Oh, yes.
What'd you get?
What'd you get, Dark Sakura?
I bought They Bleed Pixels and Awesomenauts.
And then I bought Dragon Age Origins, the deluxe edition through Origin, although I wish I'd waited and just gotten it through Steam.
Because Steam was a penny cheaper.
One whole penny?
But I hate Origin. I prefer playing through Steam.
And then I actually just bought Sonic Generations on Steam, because it's eight freaking bucks.
And it's Sonic Generations.
With a really screwed up last level, seriously.
Because Dan and I sat and watched the whole playthrough.
Nice.
Rachel, did you take advantage of any of the gaming deals this weekend?
I did not.
I was actually working through Black Friday, even though it wasn't really Black Friday-ish for our shop.
I still saw a bit of ugliness, so I was more preoccupied with the working part of that.
That's fair enough. Fair enough. It happens.
You brave, brave retail people that had to work those front lines on Friday, I don't envy you in the slightest, because people are crazy.
Although, I was telling you guys before the show, I went out on Black Friday at about eight o'clock at night.
Because we needed stuff from Target. I needed shampoo.
So we went to Target at eight o'clock. It's fine.
We go out at night on Black Friday and after all the crazies have gone to bed.
Totally fine. Just like any other day.
Even went to Fry's and got some upgrades for the studio I'll talk about in a minute.
Loki, did you take advantage of any deals?
I bought nothing because I have no money to buy things with.
That's what happens when you're a parent. You have no money.
I don't think it's just being a parent. You're also a homeowner and you just bought a new car.
That's a big one.
I don't know. I just feel like giving people crap for small reasons.
Congrats on the used car.
And also the other thing too, the last Steam sale I bought a bunch of games.
I still haven't played most of them.
And I haven't played most of the games that I got through my Humble Bundle.
So I'm just kind of like, hey, that's cool.
Borderlands 2 is down to like 30 bucks, whatever.
Am I really going to play it? Probably not.
So it's just kind of answering the question, is this really something I'm going to play?
And a lot of times it's no, I'm probably not going to play that.
So that's why I haven't really been buying anything.
I didn't really buy anything either.
I did buy another Wii U game when I was at Fry's picking up the new router.
I got Sonic All-Stars Racing Transformed for the Wii U just because some of my other friends had it and was giving it positive reviews.
It's only a deal because it's one of the two non $60 games, I think.
I think $50.
It's $40 actually.
So I think I paid $40 for it.
Maybe I did get a deal and didn't realize it.
Yeah, I think I only paid $40 for it.
And I might have been a deal then because I think that was supposed to be like a $50 game.
And I did get a deal.
Yeah, I only paid $40 for it, I'm pretty sure.
So that's pretty cool.
And there was one other game that was cheaper than the others.
I don't remember what it was.
Oh, well.
Anyhow, let's talk about, since we are talking about the games we got deals on,
let's talk about our actual gaming weeks and the games we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, why don't you start?
Mass Effect 3.
I beat 2. I'm on 3 again for like my fifth playthrough.
My fifth playthrough in what, four months?
And I actually touched some WoW.
So you guys wouldn't kick me out of the guild.
Going back to Mass Effect a minute, I mean obviously you've talked tons about it on the show,
but I found the modding you were doing this week interesting.
Because you were posting to our little rabid fan community we have on Facebook.
And you had like these different colored skinned shepherds.
Like you went in and had like a green skinned shepherd and this weird stuff.
Okay, I'll tell you where this came about.
And this is actually me using a little bit of what I've actually learned in college about colors.
And trying to make, I'm trying to actually match Zaid's skin tone.
But a little bit lighter because I'm trying to get that, it's actually closer to Aller's.
Because I want that kind of golden skin tone.
I'm working on making a somewhat middle eastern looking shepherd.
And I've tweaked the eyes, I've tweaked the nose, and now I'm tweaking the skin tone.
But it's either coming out like too much of a muted chocolate.
You know, like the plain milk chocolate with no extra skin tone to it.
Nothing blushing, nothing under that.
And so I'm playing with blushes, I'm playing with all this.
And then I had an idea.
I was like, well if all of this is showing through whatever the skin is, can I make a blue shepherd?
So I changed all the values to blue.
Which is 255 blue, 0 red, 0 green.
Blue shepherd.
It worked.
So then I did red shepherd.
Then I did green shepherd.
Then I did yellow shepherd, which looks more like puke green shepherd.
But I could get it to work.
Because I've gotten purple hair.
The hair works.
Congratulations for now fusing the fan communities of Avatar and Mass Effect.
There already were blue people in Mass Effect though.
There were a sorry.
It doesn't matter, you don't need more blue people.
But I was actually planning on giving her white hair.
And then making her blue and calling her, you know, shepherd smurf.
But no.
But I mean that means I could play through my whole game with a blue shepherd.
And I went back to, and I got a really nice skin tone that unfortunately only looks really nice in bright light.
It's the picture that I posted from the Citadel where she looked kind of badass.
And I've modified my coalesced ion eye to add extra outfits.
There is a naked skin for female shepherd.
However, she has no real butt crack.
There's a naked one for the guys but I can't find it.
What is it with the girls in the nudity tonight?
It's no problem. You can fix that butt crack problem by just editing the texture.
There actually is an edited texture.
Buy her bigger panties. That's how you fix the butt crack problem.
It's like there's no bits to show and no coloration in certain places.
And someone has made, by the way.
I found that ages ago but I didn't know that it actually was based off of real texture.
And you can unlock the texture and it's like okay whatever.
And who'd have thunk it? It's the person that draws the vaginas.
No, it's not the same person.
It's not the same person.
But there's actually, did you know that there are two different fabric textures for the underwear?
There's shiny and matte.
I just learned something that I never thought I'd ever know in my life.
But I've had my shepherd running around in an all black uniform.
You know, it's actually black and a lighter black for the camo.
I have seen some hilarious gifs on Tumblr of, I guess there's a way to hack it so that you can play male shepherd in his underwear through the whole game.
And there's some hilarious gifs of like, you know, male shepherd like jumping out of a starship and he's like in his underwear.
It looks really funny.
No, you can actually, in the coalesced I&I, because basically all you do, you can add lines to have it pull different textures for different outfits.
So you can actually wear armor in casual look and wear casual clothes into armor.
There's also a way to use Ashley's clothes, but I went and looked through the actual meshes.
The reason why there's a big problem with people using Ashley's face is first of all, it's fully colored.
So if you have it over a colored face already, it's going to show up orange and part of her chest is rendered.
So you'd actually get shepherd with a hole in her chest if you try to use Ashley's clothes with no boobs pretty much.
Oh boy. All right.
Yeah, this is what I spent all week doing.
You're going to need your own podcast about Mass Effect at some point.
Just wait.
All right. Moving on.
But I did play another game.
Oh, what else?
Dragon Age Origins.
And I made a Dalish, which I sometimes want to call a Danish.
She's a redhead, kind of cool.
And I don't know that I like the game so much yet, but I'm going to give it a try.
You know, it might be one of those games that, you know, I didn't really love it the first time I played it, but I went back later and I liked it a little more.
Like it's just kind of sometimes games don't really hit you the first time.
I'm just really not a big fan of combat in it.
But I might go back and see about getting Dragon Age 2.
Gotcha.
I mean, which I started playing on Xbox 360 and got pretty far in until that stupid battle where Fenris is like, I'm going to be emo and kill you.
Now, see, that's really weird because most of the fandom really doesn't like Dragon Age 2.
But it plays like Mass Effect.
I mean, really, I like the way it plays. It handles like Mass Effect.
That's why I could get into Mass Effect so easily is because it handled the same way.
Well, you know, there's a third one coming out. Maybe it'll be somewhere in the middle.
Maybe.
Let's see. All right.
And I played very solitaire.
Of course you did. Of course you did.
It sucks.
All right. Let me move on.
Rachel, since you're our guest, why don't you go next?
What kind of games, what's gaming week look like for you?
You know, since school is on, you know, I have a lot of time preoccupied just by schoolwork.
So the only time I really get to play games is when the kids are around.
So it's, you know, more cinematic stuff like Pikmin, Portal 2, things with a lot of really bright characters.
I am, you know, I am really, you know, I could never get enough replaying of Portal 2, though,
just because the mythos behind it is so fascinating.
Because I'm a writer. I'm not sure if you knew that.
I just learned something.
There you go.
The more you know.
Yeah.
So, and I just, you know, there's, I find something new in every single replay.
Like, there's always one more secret door I haven't gone through.
There's one more connection to Half-Life and just, you know, the way they paint their characters.
It's, everything's pretty three-dimensional.
So I appreciate it on a couple different levels.
You should talk to Alan about Half-Life at some point.
I was going to say, are you a big Half-Life fan as well?
You know, I haven't gotten into it yet.
I'm, you know, I'm saving up a big chunk of time where I can just play, blow through the entire series so far.
Now's a great time with the Black Mesa source being out there.
Definitely look that up.
I am. I'm going to blow through it.
Then I can get pissed off that there's not an episode two.
All right.
Well, if that's all you want to share about your week, then I'll move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
I played Black Ops 2 a bit.
That was fun.
And then a little bit of Modern Warfare 3, although this week we should be switching over to Black Ops 2.
Just waiting for our copies from Activision to come in.
And then a lot of Minecraft.
Just been working on trying to set up the rest of the mob arena and also some other stuff.
Because the website I had set up had went down because the free URL forwarding company, co.cc, went under.
And all the, like, five million domains that they had are poof, gone.
So I actually got a legit domain now.
So it's now at vog-minecraft.com.
And there's not really anything there other than the map right now.
But eventually there'll be something there.
So I put that in our chat room.
Vog-minecraft.com.
And there's also a Twitter account to go along with that.
So, vog-minecraft at Twitter.
Look at you!
So, yeah.
That's great.
And, yeah.
So I've been kind of busy with stuff this week.
And then hopefully I'll get working on the website soon.
I don't really know what I want to do with it, but I've got it for a while.
So we'll play around with that.
And then, what else did I do this week?
I don't think I played anything else.
No, that was it.
That was all I played.
I actually had a lot of time to play some games thanks to the holiday break.
And I didn't have too much going on outside of Thanksgiving Day itself.
Obviously I've been able to spend more time with the Wii U.
Because on the last show it was launch day.
I had only really spent like an hour with it.
So now I've been able to spend some quality time with the Wii U.
And I've played three different games on the Wii U.
And two of them are the ones that everybody's been playing.
I'll talk first about Nintendo Land.
Nintendo Land is a collection of mini-games, basically.
I think it's framed a lot better than Wii Sports was.
I think Monita, though, as a character will get a little bit irritating to some people.
But she serves her purpose, especially for trying to get those that are not as familiar with how to play a video game acquainted with the games.
There are some pretty neat games in there.
I think I like the mini-games in it more than I like Wii Sports.
Because let's be real.
At the end of the day, Wii Tennis was about flailing.
There wasn't a lot of skill to it.
There wasn't a lot that went into it.
It was just like imagination with the help of this controller.
Wii Bowling was slightly a little better.
You felt like you were a little more in control of your actions.
But it was kind of, eh, at the end of the day as well.
I mean, Wii Sports, when all is said and done,
I know not everybody's going to agree with this comment.
I understand why it ends up on the top 100 gaming list and all that.
It was a very influential game.
I don't think Wii Sports is actually a really good game.
Especially if you're more of a hardcore gamer.
It's really not a good game.
It's a great technological feat.
But it's not really a good game.
I like Nintendo Land because as a gamer,
I feel like there's more game in it.
There's more to actually achieve.
The Metroid Blast was fun.
The F-Zero Race, it's certainly not F-Zero,
but it's simple enough.
Kind of like Atari 2600 basic, but all of these modern graphics.
It's fun.
The Donkey Kong course is surprisingly,
like, it's like one of those Mega Man hard games
and all it is is tilting.
But it's surprisingly quite a bit of fun.
And some of the different mini games,
especially in a party environment,
the Mario Chase, the Animal Crossing, Luigi's Mansion, all hilarious.
We played those on Thanksgiving Day and they were all just a ton of fun.
I think Mario Chase was my personal favorite out of the bunch,
though Luigi's Mansion is really good as well,
and Animal Crossing is its own thing.
But, I mean, at its core,
those three games are all kind of chase games.
They're just like a different twist on the chase element.
Like in Luigi's Mansion, you're hidden
and you're trying to grab the others before they grab you.
In Mario Chase, they're just trying to grab you.
In Animal Crossing, you control two people
and there's the whole eating the pellets.
I mean, I guess it's a little more different.
Tigerclaw brings up in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com,
what about that Pachinko in Nintendo Land, the Pachinko game?
I call it Plinko, but yeah, it's pretty much the same thing.
Because, you know, they're pretty much the same thing.
Pa-plinko?
No, Plinko.
I know, I was saying Pa-plinko.
Pa-plinko?
Instead of Pachinko, Pa-plinko.
Pa-plinko? Yeah, okay, that works.
But there's a Pa-plinko game you play to get the unlocks,
but, eh, I could give or take it.
The unlock is a little bit silly.
But as a pack-in game, overall, it's fine.
I would see myself revisiting this game
far more than I would revisit Wii Sports.
Mario U, Super Mario Wii U, is great.
It's HD Mario, it's what you'd expect.
What I love about it is that it's not just a game
with the depth of Super Mario World,
but it has all these little extra modes as well
to kind of enhance it, like the course
for get from start to finish
by getting the least number of coins possible,
or speed runs, or all these other types of twists
that are built into it.
And supposedly, it has some type of spot pass feature.
I don't know if it's going to have leaderboards or what.
But even if it didn't have all that,
I like playing those little side missions as well.
The difficulty level of the game ramps up surprisingly quick,
and there's some really hard stuff.
I had to use an FAQ to get past one of the levels.
I couldn't find the stinking door out of the ghost house.
And then come to find out, there's like a second one
I probably would have never have found.
So I'm liking Mario Wii U as a really solid Mario game,
even more than I think the one that was previously out on Wii,
Wii Regular.
And I don't know if that's just because
the huge step up in the graphics or what.
The only negatives I can see to the game?
Go ahead.
I'm sorry, just what popped right into my head
when you said Wii Regular.
What?
Does that mean that the Wii U needs fiber?
Stop.
All right.
The screen doesn't do a lot for Mario.
It does in multiplayer, as I understand,
because you can create blocks and all that stuff.
But as a single player, all the screen does
is mirror what's on your TV.
If you want to do the whole I play something on my Wii U
while you watch something on TV, that's great.
If you have control of your TV,
it doesn't really add a lot to the experience.
Luckily, it's a gorgeous game to look at,
even with all the little touches in the background.
They have little dancing Miis that show up in the background and stuff.
Just all these little touches that are really cool.
And the sound thing that I really hyped up last week is great.
The surround sound it kind of creates
between the pad and the regular stereo is pretty cool.
So, yeah, Mario is solid,
and I'm sure most people that will get a Wii U
will pick this game up, and it makes sense.
Absolutely.
One other game I've been playing on the Wii U
that was one of the launch titles.
Sonic Racing, no, Sonic All-Stars Racing Transformed,
which is a game that's actually on the Xbox 360
and the PlayStation 3 as well.
They also have the Wii U version.
This is the game we've been talking about on the show.
We've kind of been joking about it and having fun with it
because it has Danica Patrick very randomly as a character.
It's an amazing eyeliner.
And Wreck-It Ralph, and all these other Sega characters,
like Metal Sonic, Beat,
one of the taxi cab drivers from Crazy Taxi,
supposedly Alex Kidd gets unlocked at some point.
I'm really surprised at how much I'm enjoying this game.
And I took a look at some of the reviews online
and some of the talk in Miiverse and so forth,
and a lot of people razzing it for being buggy,
and I will admit there's been some odd collision detection things,
but nothing that detracted from the experience so much.
I was, like, hating the game.
In fact, I found myself most of the time
actually really impressed with some of the level design.
The stages are all huge stages,
and they will seamlessly go from go-karting to flying a plane,
and Danica Patrick's car turns into, like, an afterburner jet,
which is kind of funny, and on the water,
and it kind of just seamlessly transitions between all these different phases.
And I was liking it.
I was showing you girls before the show tonight,
I showed you the Skies of Arcadia level,
and you saw how, like, you'll do the first lap
and then in the second lap, the pirate ships, like, start attacking the town
and are blowing up the road and all this stuff,
and there's a lot going on.
I was really into it.
I got to admit, I'm kind of liking this game,
I think, a little more than the online impressions.
I mean, it's got not just a regular mode,
but all these, like, special little games in it,
like boost mode and kill the other people first,
and there's a battle mode.
You can play it online on the Wii U.
Apparently, the advantage that the Wii U has over the other versions
is that the Wii U is up to five players, thanks to the second screen.
It's not just a copy of the first screen in single-player mode
unless you want it to be.
If you swipe the screen, you get a copy of the TV,
but if you don't, you get a rear-view mirror and a map,
you know, kind of what you'd expect in your racing game on the second screen.
So, yeah, I was really surprised.
I was kind of like playing it going,
you know, Sega did help with that F-Zero game that was on the GameCube,
and I got to say, this feels like kind of the closest thing
I'm going to get to an F-Zero game for a little while,
unless maybe they're going to work on it, which I really hope they do.
Sugar Rush.
Or, yeah, or just flat out do a Sugar Rush game.
Sugar Rush.
It's weird because the Wreck-It Ralph thing, like, I don't,
I mean, it's cool that Wreck-It Ralph and Danica Patrick are in there, I guess,
but there's not really a lot else.
Like, you don't have the Sugar Rush stage, or at least I haven't got it yet,
or any of that, so it's interesting.
Going to some of the comments from our chatters at live.vognetwork.com,
Tigerclaw says, the new Sonic racing game is a lot of fun,
but boy, it gets pretty hard when doing the medium difficulty
on many of the races and difficulty.
I can't get past the drift challenges on medium.
Yeah, I can do some of it on medium, but, like, the boost challenge,
I couldn't even do that on regular.
And here's a little tip for anybody struggling with a game.
If you flop on a stage four times, it'll let you just skip it on the map.
So, you know, but you'll still need stars.
You'll have to compensate the stars from somewhere else
in order to be able to get the unlock, so I don't know.
Tigerclaw suggests that maybe some of the Wreck-It Ralph stuff will be DLC.
Well, I don't know how the Wii U is going to handle that,
and I will say that part of it kind of concerns me
that the Wii U doesn't seem to have a DLC system in place.
It's the reason I haven't picked up Mass Effect 3
is I hear that none of the multiplayer enhancements
they've done since launch are available.
And I'm like, well, then what's the friggin' point?
Like, part of the reason the Mass Effect 3 multiplayer is so amazing
is because of all the constant DLC they've been putting out.
And I understand that some of the single-player DLC is included,
but they're not going to get Omega. Why?
Because Nintendo can't do DLC yet.
Or if they can, they're not doing it a lot or something. I don't know.
So that part of it, with all the positive I'm saying about the Wii U
and overall I am satisfied with my purchase,
I would be in love with my purchase if some of these other things were corrected.
But, I don't know, Nintendo has, over the past week,
been building a lot into the system.
We got, over the past week, we got the Netflix, the Amazon, the YouTube,
the Hulu, and all that showed up, like, you know, just day after day after day.
And I gotta say, the YouTube app in particular,
very different look from the other, the PS3 and the Xbox ones.
It's not bad.
Bobby said he didn't care for it, right?
Huh?
Bobby said he didn't care for it, right?
I don't remember what he said about YouTube,
but the look of it is weird because it doesn't really have any Nintendo branding
and it doesn't really have Microsoft or something.
It's just, it's kind of different and it works pretty well,
especially if you're logged in.
I enjoyed it more than the Xbox version of it,
even though it functions similarly, but it still felt easier to use
and maybe part of that is having the touch pad, I don't know.
But, yeah.
I don't know.
Tiger Claw on chat says Nintendo is just taking baby steps.
This is a whole new thing for them, the online community.
Well, yes, but at some point you have to stop letting that be an excuse.
And I think a lot of us have said, oh, Nintendo, you're just new to the party,
and so we forgive you.
And it's kind of like, okay, that's true, but it's not an excuse.
Like, playing catch-up, you know, you've had a lot of time to play catch-up.
You know, you should have thought about some of this during the Wii being out there.
But there's some parts about the Wii U like Miiverse is surprisingly interesting.
Like, it's actually something I keep going back to and looking at.
I like looking at the activity feed of my friends
and what they've been posting in the games.
The first-party games really urge you to make public posts in Miiverse to interact with,
and I find, like, I want to see what my friends are posting,
and the artwork people are doing is amazing.
And I don't know if you guys know this, but in the Wii U, when you turn it on,
if you have your Wii U always connected to the internet,
it downloads artwork from around, you know, the community,
like things that have been popular voted.
So when you turn on your Wii, you'll see a helping of, like, random games,
and then you'll see some of the popular comments.
And they're all these artwork that is, like, really well done and funny.
And so I find it really neat, and I don't know if this is what Nintendo intended,
but you've got to hand it to them.
This is something Microsoft and Sony aren't doing with their online,
so let's give Nintendo some credit here.
The first thing you get when you turn on your system is community.
You don't even get that with Xbox and Sony.
That's surprising.
So if there's one thing Nintendo is doing right when it comes to online,
community is the first thing you see.
Interesting.
Agreed.
Now, obviously, they have some slow steps in other places,
but that's one step in the right direction.
So going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Raginator in chat says,
Interesting or just a novelty that you'll forget about in a month or two?
That's a very good question, Raginator,
and I think a lot of that depends on how well will the games in the future support it.
You know, and what else will come out?
What download content is going to come out?
You know, what's going to keep the people talking?
What's going to keep the people providing those funny pictures and so forth?
And will they allow you to add cat pics later on?
Well, apparently, like, people have been doing really random stuff.
Like, I was reading something on my Facebook.
The Destructoid community took over one of the,
I think it was the Rabbids game community with pictures of Willem Dafoe.
I don't know what the joke is there,
but, like, they were drawing Willem Dafoe and writing.
I mean, I don't, sorry, I don't have time to read every single website on the internet,
but, like, I thought it was funny that they're kind of, like, trying to do that.
But, you know, so yeah, people come up with their own ways to entertain themselves.
So it's turning into Game Facts, basically, where they'll take over, like, a message board.
I don't know how well they've succeeded, but yes, possibly.
Fantastic. That's what Nintendo needs is more Game Facts.
Mm-hmm.
Bobby in our chat room wants to clarify some stuff.
Blackwell says, okay, A, Nintendo has a DLC system in place.
New Super Mario Brothers U will have DLC, for instance.
Okay, that may be true, but where is it?
It's not here at launch.
That leaves me to think it's still being built.
Remember my Winchester House comparison from last week?
I think that's what's happening.
I don't have any proof, but at the same time, where is the DLC?
It's going to be there at launch.
Remember, they've got six more years.
Okay. Let's see.
And Blackwell said, B, I think YouTube videos look better in the internet browser than in the app.
And you can watch videos on the gamepad from the browser not available in the app.
Blackwell also clarifying, I guess he reads more destructively than I do.
Blackwell says, the initial joke was Jim Sterling said,
I am remaking the community to be about Willem Dafoe
because that's a better use of this community than the game.
The post got moderated away.
Did you not see how many people were pissed off at day one DLC?
How pissed would you be if there was day one DLC for New Super Mario Brothers U?
But Bobby, I am pissed off that there isn't day one DLC for the other games to play catch up,
especially when that DLC is free.
So in the case of Mass Effect 3, yes, I do feel like 100% of the game isn't there,
especially when you're trying to be competitive with these other consoles.
I get that some of the single player DLC, but when you're kind of trying to play catch up,
you know, I think that part is missing.
I get what you're saying about the whole, you don't want day one DLC for New Super Mario Brothers Wii U.
I get that, but that's also first party versus third party.
And, you know, maybe Nintendo hasn't built it because they don't need it for themselves yet,
so screw everybody else, I don't know.
Anyway.
Alright, I've talked enough about the Wii U.
Sorry guys, but it's with the hot thing that's going on in gaming right now.
The other thing I want to talk about in my gaming video, just real quick, I'll just throw this out there.
Despite the fact that I have a shiny new console, it doesn't mean I'm not going to play other stuff.
I've been participating in the Mass Effect 3 weekend challenge like a good player,
and I played an epic nine hour match of Civilization V, start to finish.
And I know some people are going only nine hours.
Yeah, we did kind of an easier skill level,
and we agreed the three of us that were playing would not military strike each other,
but it was a lot of fun.
It was my first Gods and Kings game, start to finish, so I was, you know, thankful I played it.
And I am still enjoying Civ V, and it's on sale right now on Steam,
and I would support a purchase of that if you wanted to do that.
So, all right. Anyhow, that is all I want to say about my gaming week.
Housekeeping tonight.
Obviously, we always like to plug our Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r, and our Facebook,
facebook.com slash orangelaungeradio, and our Google Plus, search for Orangelaungeradio.
Also, this one's for the live listeners, more so than the podcast listeners.
I'm hoping so far tonight, live listeners, we haven't had any dropouts on the feed.
I know the fact that the stream has been dropping out lately has been very frustrating,
and so we didn't really know if it was us or if it was the host,
but there's a good chance that it's us here in studio.
So what we did on Friday, Alan and I went out and we got a new router for the studio here.
So we have like a brand new, it's not like top of the line because I'm sorry,
I didn't have 200 bucks to drop on a router, but we did get one of those like, what is it, 600?
It's like 300 plus 300, it's a huge step up from what we had.
Our last router couldn't even do wireless end, so we did upgrade that.
We had this whole thing going on where you actually had two networks in the house,
and one was daisy chained to the other.
Now it's parent router and bridge.
I wrote a post in the VOG Network forums in more detail if you want to see all the parts there,
but I think so far the stream hasn't dropped, and the evil protagonist in our chat says,
sounds great tonight, so maybe it was us.
I didn't want to let that go forever without trying to fix it, so fingers crossed.
Now that I've talked about it, it's going to drop in the next two minutes.
Just watch.
But hey, that's better than 20 times during the show like last week, which was very, very frustrating.
So thank you to our loyal live listeners who have stuck it out throughout all those drops.
We're trying to make the situation better for you guys.
I hope it works tonight.
Yeah, Raginator brings up, you know, by bringing up the stream dropping, you just jinxed yourself.
Well, hey, you know what, we got through 48 minutes without one, which beats last week, so let's just hope.
Also, it's a slow news week tonight, you guys, with the holiday going on and everything here in the States,
but I will tease the coming up in Part B tonight, Match Game.
We haven't done Match Game in at least a year, so we're going to do Match Game tonight.
So we will have contestants, one via Skype, one via the chat.
So if you want to be potentially our Skype player, make sure you have Orange Lounge Radio all one word added on Skype.
Again, we're not doing that now. We'll get into it in Part B. I'll let you know when to call.
All right, let's move on into some gaming news.
All right.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about this Xbox set-top box, which actually was a rumor that we've been hearing about for a while now,
where there is supposed to be some slimmed down Xbox system that the rumor was, I think, originally,
that it was only going to be able to play Xbox Live Arcade stuff, which would be a little weird, but I could see that.
I mean, they have a lot of the whole Xbox.
All the symphony of the night you can stand.
True. Or, you know, if this is going to be like-
So much Yaris.
If there's going to be-
I'm interested in this.
If there's going to be like a digital Xbox where it's not going to have a disk drive or something like that,
it's going to be built into a TV like as an app.
I could see it maybe like, you know, with games on demand stuff.
I was just about to say, couldn't they do games on demand still, though?
That's possible.
All it needs is a USB port and you can suddenly, oh, magical 64 gigs.
So they're saying, of course, anonymous sources are telling them that it's going to be dubbed Xbox TV.
It's going to support casual games and run on Windows 8.
I think it's just going to be kind of like running on, you know, the dashboard that's out there that kind of looks like Windows 8.
And I guess some sort of, you know, chips that is going to allow for quick boot ups and that kind of stuff.
And they're saying that it's also going to be able to kind of like, I don't know, maybe kind of incorporate, you know, surface stuff or smart glass or anything like that.
And I guess, you know, Microsoft made a statement regarding the set up box plans.
They're saying Xbox 360 has found new ways to extend the console lifecycle by introducing controller free experiences with Kinect and reinventing the console with a new dashboard, new entertainment content.
The typical bullshit line they're going to give when the Christmas season is going on and they don't want people to...
Yeah, we are always thinking about what is next for our platform.
In other words, yeah, that's probably going to be true.
Yeah, in other words, don't think about what's coming out next year. Think about putting a Kinect under your Christmas tree this year. That's exactly what it is.
I wouldn't put a Kinect under your Christmas tree unless you're into dancing games because all the games that have come out have been kind of crap.
You know what I mean.
I'm just saying, yeah.
Okay, here, okay, I know this is going to sound stupid and I'm going to sound like an idiot, but hear me out here.
Could this be a very corporate challenge to the Ouya?
And I know that comparison is really weird because I know the Ouya's whole thing is open source and all this.
But do you think still maybe Microsoft took a look at that whole thing and said, maybe people want a $99 thing they just took up to their TV and play games with.
And although we sure as hell aren't going to make it open source, maybe we'll make it look like a PC.
Is this maybe a response to the Ouya, if true?
Probably not. I don't think they feel any threat from the Ouya yet because there's no real system there.
I mean, you can't feel a threat about something that's not out yet.
Not a threat, but it's doing what Microsoft does, taking an idea and trying to make it better.
For better or for worse.
I think if anything, they would be kind of going with the whole, well, we've seen some of these integrated like, maybe even looking at Apple TV or something like that.
Obviously, they're just a step away from actually having a system that runs apps and stuff.
I don't know if it's really going to be anything.
I mean, because if you think about it, let's say this comes out a year from now.
Why would I want to buy a stripped down version of the Xbox 360 when the regular Xbox 360 is probably going to be under $100 or just about $100?
I mean, if you think about it, yes, you may not be able to get the brand new system that's out right now.
But those older systems, they're already at about $100 or just over $100.
So why would I want to, you know, put out something that's going to...
Maybe if it's one of those funky partnerships where it's all built into the TV.
But see, why would you buy something like that that's built into the TV?
Because why do people buy TVs with built-in Blu-ray players?
Why do people buy TVs with built-in Roku and so forth?
It's like those laserdisc players that had the Sega CD built in it.
It's dumb. You should never buy a TV with something built into it.
You know who buys that stuff? My parents.
Because they don't release it. They just want the damn thing to work.
This is what older people think about. Not to stereotype, but in my dealings with it, it's been true.
They don't have time to figure out how to hook it up.
They don't have all this. They want it to fucking work. That's it.
And so now maybe you're recognizing, if you're targeting casual games especially,
even though the thing might be capable of doing all this other stuff you're talking about with the more geometry wars and so forth,
maybe the push is to grandma who enjoys Farmville now maybe wants apples to apples on her TV.
Or whatever else Microsoft might reveal in the next year game-wise.
I gotta be honest though. If you're saying that that's the reason that people would buy these TVs,
I don't think those type of people would buy a web-enabled TV or anything like that.
Because it's too complicated for them.
Why spend the money to get this really expensive TV with a console built into it, like a gaming console,
that first off is gonna use these really complicated controllers that grandma's not gonna have any idea how to fucking navigate.
Well, because it won't just be a gaming console. It'll play the casual games.
But it's gonna have all of Microsoft's other stuff too.
It'll have all those channels with the built-in Hulu and the Netflix and all that same shit.
I just don't think they're gonna do that. The only reason I don't think they're gonna do that is because other people have done it better already.
And there's no reason to-
Why wouldn't they want a piece of it then?
Why wouldn't they want a piece of it? Because I don't think that they-
Has that worked out well for them in the whole mobile phone department?
Have they really taken a large chunk of the business from Android and iOS?
Nope.
When does that ever stop Microsoft from trying?
Well, I think that they're definitely not trying as hard with Windows Phone 8 and stuff.
I mean, it's probably selling alright, but I don't hear people going,
Oh, I need a Windows Phone 8. It's more like, I need an iPhone 5.
Or I need the next spiffy Android phone that's gonna come out.
I just don't-
Yeah, it's a possibility that they'll come out with something like this to try to get people in,
but I mean, I don't know why you would do it.
But let's just say that, you know, there are people that will buy things that don't make sense.
So, why not?
Why not?
Alright, well let me move on with some more news,
and this is about some things that have gone on in the Wii U front since the console launch.
Some folks talking about a Miiverse hack, and that Miiverse was hacked and all this.
That's not really what happened.
Somebody on NeoGaf said that they were screwing around with Miiverse,
and they were able to get into the debug and admin options of Miiverse.
Sounds like that wasn't really what it is, at least that's what Nintendo's claiming.
Nintendo's saying it was a prototype that Nintendo did send out a statement to gamesindustry.biz
saying that what the user found was a mock-up menu.
It's no longer there. It's inaccessible.
And that could be believable enough, especially if MiU at its core is basically running off a web protocol,
which is certainly possible.
I think that's absolutely possible. The whole damn thing is running off a web-type based protocol,
and we just kind of don't see it.
Why not?
I hope that's not the case.
It's probably very easy.
So, whatever. I mean, I'm spouting like I know what I'm talking about,
but it probably wasn't hard to find something like this in there,
and I don't think it's very serious, especially if it was a mock-up.
I mean, even just kind of looking at all the information on the screen, I don't think it's a big deal.
Anyway, if you want to know the full statement, quote,
It has come to our attention that some of the people were able to access a mock-up menu on Miiverse
following the launch of Wii U in the U.S.
Please note that this is only a mock-up menu and has now been removed and is not accessible.
Remember how we were talking about those doors that you open up and just, wham, you run into a wall?
Yeah, there's another one of those trapdoors right there.
Someone stumbled.
One other bit on the Wii U. I actually, you know, you've got to give Nintendo credit for this.
This is a comment from Frozenbyte who made Trine 2, which is one of the download titles available on Wii U.
You may not know this because it hasn't been talked about as much as the launch game,
but there are like five download-only games available on the Wii U.
I'm not talking about the retail land, but I'm talking about like $15 download games available on Wii U right now.
I personally have not tried any yet, but they're available. I've had friends that talk about it.
Do they have demos?
Not now, no.
Wow, Nintendo way to be in the forefront of, you know, digital content. Fuck, you know what?
Again, I'm gonna get...
PlayStation 1 had demos, I mean...
Well, but the Wii has demos, so again, I'm gonna say, was it ready to go by November 18th?
Look for it in December and January. That's the way it's gonna be.
It'll happen. It just wasn't ready November 18th.
But, okay, so they may not have demos, whatever, but let me get to this, because I do think this is worth mentioning.
So, Frozenbyte, they made Trine 2, which is probably one of the more visible titles that's there.
A quote from Mikael Haveri, who's the marketing manager, quote,
We have the power to price our products as we please, with just some basic guidelines from the big guys.
The step to this is purely from Nintendo's side, and they can clearly see that their previous installments have not been up to par.
We can set our own pricing, and actually continuing on that by setting our own sales whenever we want.
It is very close to what Apple and Steam are doing at the moment, and very indie-friendly.
So, in other words, Nintendo's tried to fix some of this and make the DLC part of the, or the, you know,
download distribution component of the Wii U a little bit lucrative.
Free patches! You can do patching all you want for free.
Considering we've heard the bitches from folks who make the Xbox Live Arcade games complain about the pricing of the patching over there,
that suddenly makes this very lucrative. Being able to put your own game on sale when you want and all that,
that's going to make this a lot more attractive.
It will be interesting to see if, you know, if it actually leads to the games being made, because that's what it's really about.
If that happens, though, if there will be any response from Microsoft and Sony.
But you've got to admit, Nintendo's doing the right thing there.
Yeah.
So, very interesting.
It makes good sense.
Yep. They've told us there are no basic payments for each patch, and we can update our game almost as much as we want.
For indie developers, this is huge.
I wonder if that might be a lure for Minecraft. Who knows?
Who knows? I like to just throw making up stuff out there.
SSJ100Matt in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com wanted to bring this up about the demos.
Wii U has kiosk demos. I'm sure it will happen soon.
Jason wants to point out, Loki, iOS doesn't have demos.
That's not true.
That's not true either.
It's up to the developer.
There's light versions.
Yeah, there's that whole light thing that they do, and now the whole in-app purchases.
You don't think about it because it's different than how Xbox and PlayStation does demos, but developers found a way to do it.
It'll be interesting to see how that plays out on Wii U if it does.
All right, moving on with more news. DarkSakura.
Oh, wait. I was going to add one last thing.
Yeah, go ahead.
There is actually some Wii hacks that actually happened.
Oh.
Legit stuff that it's not necessarily the Wii U, but it's run in the Wii U.
I fucking hate how they have this.
The Wii Channel on the Wii U, because that makes all the sense in the world.
I will say, I might be the only person who didn't transfer their Wii stuff over.
Like, I don't see the benefit of doing that right now.
Can a chatter sway me that I'm wrong on that?
Why would I want to do that?
I don't know.
There's a loader that was available for the Wii using Super Smash Bros. Brawl called Stack Smash.
What it basically does is it uses a modified, I want to say a modified Brawl stage save file to run unsigned code.
That exploit still works on the Wii U.
So you can actually run Wii Homebrew through the Wii Channel on the Wii U.
There was a game that was played in one of the videos I saw here.
Also, they were saying that basically not everything works.
You can't use the hacks to create the Homebrew Channel and stuff like that.
They're saying right now, nothing that requires Hack Mii uses the current kernel exploits or uses AHB prot will work.
It says that includes Devolution, USB Loader, CIOS installers, and Wii Linux.
But it says Nintendo cannot patch Stack Smash using their current architecture.
While it's technically possible, it would require a lot of work on their part.
It could result in Super Smash Bros. Brawl being unstable for all users.
Plus, it's most likely they knew that it would work before the guy posted the video.
So in other words, hackers gonna hack.
They're looking frantically for a way in that device.
The clock is running. How fast can they find the way into the Wii U?
They already have found kind of a way in.
Yeah, they found a kind of way in and they've also...
There was a video here that I guess they're dumping the console keys from the Wii mode stuff.
I don't really know what exactly they would use with that, but still interesting I guess.
Interesting to note though, Nintendo is kind of doing something where, you know...
Well, I guess Microsoft kind of does this too whenever you connect to Live.
Is that it's gonna automatically download firmware.
I mean, it'll download it overnight when it's not on and all that.
So it's kind of like more how PlayStation Plus kind of does it.
In theory, I mean, we haven't seen it happen first hand yet.
Because there's only been the one patch which most people do when you first turn on the system.
But in theory, this is gonna download things when you're asleep and they'll be there ready to install.
We'll see how that plays out.
Wasn't that what they were supposed to be doing at the Wii?
I remember that you were supposed to leave it on and, you know...
It would download stuff and you'd have that little ring light flashing.
Which I really wish they had the ring light stuff on there.
There were the messages.
It's now the home button on the pad is a blue light.
And whenever friends sign on and off, that little light lights up.
Yeah, that's just not as sexy as it was on the Wii.
It's not, but I just want to point out it's sort of there.
Sort of there.
Alright, now we'll move on to Dark Sakura and what she was gonna talk about.
Yeah, I just started crocheting again too.
Well, going back to some kind of old news.
We all know what the R4 cartridge is, right?
It is the little...
No, I don't know. Please educate me.
The R4, it's a flash cartridge that works on the DS.
You can use homebrew or pirated games on the system.
And there's also ones called like...
I had a Ninja Pass was one that I had that doesn't work anymore.
But now Nintendo has really got a push on and got it with the Japanese government.
That the R4 is now illegal to sell in Japan.
Actually, it's completely banned by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
It was illegal to sell since 2009, but importing it is completely illegal now.
As far as other places that it's been banned, it's now banned in France and the UK.
Amazon and eBay are no longer allowing this cartridge to be sold.
And different Australian distributors have been successfully sued by Nintendo.
I'm assuming it's still pretty available in the age-old venue of discreet brown paper bags in lavatories.
Probably, yeah.
I mean, if I wanted one, I could go get one.
There's ways to get it. You can order them online.
But it's now specifically illegal to import them in Japan.
Not just sell them like it was the rule. You can't import it.
I mean, you could, but you could go to jail.
Or have them stare at you sternly and force you to kill yourself.
Well, probably a lot of it has to do with how out there you're being too.
Because in Australia, I think it wasn't illegal to import the M-rated games because they had been banned in Australia.
Like, I remember Mortal Kombat and the new one.
Like, isn't it illegal to send that?
I mean, now maybe it's not because of the whole new rating board, but before it was illegal to send a copy over there.
But, like, how are they really going to find each and every person that does it?
Not that I'm encouraging it.
I think we all know why the R4 cart is being banned.
Although...
You can still buy them, of course.
Of course you can.
We remember the beginning of 2010, there was that UK guy who went to jail for a year for importing 26,000 games to set up with an R4.
There's a difference between 26,000 games and me going on Craigslist.
Yeah. Well, regardless, if people want something badly enough, they're going to find a way to make it happen.
It's just that now it's officially a punishable crime. The end.
And Nintendo just wants to put more hurdles up.
They want to make it harder.
Well, they want to protect their product.
They're certainly well within their rights to do it.
I get it.
I mean, if you think about it, and I hate to say this, it was how easily replicated games were for Dreamcast that contributed to the Dreamcast failure.
Nintendo's already sitting kind of in a precarious position.
Right.
So, of course they're going to want to protect their investment.
Which is a bummer because, you know, the homebrew element of it, you want to embrace, you want to be able to say, like, yeah, people should be able to run homebrew on it, but...
Unfortunately, 95% of the people I pulled that number completely out of my ass aren't really using it for...
Well, they're using it for homebrew and other things, you know.
See, I wanted to play fan translations.
But, you know, it's not in the cards.
Although technically that's illegal too, if you think about it.
Yeah, well, they can bite my ass.
Yeah, I know that that's always, like, I'm always feel like that too.
And I've talked about this on the show.
That's when I feel justified in piracy, like, and I know that's a controversial opinion.
I know you may not agree with me there and what have you.
But like, if a company just isn't going to do it, then let me just freaking get the translation version or, you know, let me get it from the other country.
You know, I went off on this casino blade.
You know, it's people who really like a series that's going to put that fun and, you know, that effort into it.
You know, and it really should actually more send a signal to the companies that fans want this.
I mean, like, what happened with, um...
Crap, what was that game that was on the Wii?
Xenoblade.
Xenoblade, yeah.
Of course people wanted Xenoblade.
And it was already, you know, in English.
But no one knew it and then they did it because, you know, they realized, hey, it's stupid.
People do want it, you know.
Apparently Last Story is doing...
It's not like, oh my gosh, take off, amazing.
But it's one... I think it's like XSeed's biggest selling title.
Yeah.
Is the Last Story.
So I really wanted to play that.
And some people are saying it's not a bad thing because right now you can get it for 20 bucks most places.
It's not a bad thing to pick up with a Wii U because it's kind of like, hey, has your Wii been collecting dust for three years but you're picking up a Wii U anyway?
Here's a Wii game you might have missed.
Smart strategy.
Very smart strategy.
Frisbee seems to agree with us in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
If you don't sell a product to a country, they can't complain about lost sales due to downloading.
I know that's a controversial opinion. I know it stinks.
But I'm kind of like, you know what?
It's technically right.
The internet puts us in a more global community than companies want to sometimes acknowledge.
And that's just the reality.
And if you feel so bad about it, why don't you freaking import it?
Import fees are so freaking expensive though.
And then region locking and all that crap.
Where's my disaster day in crisis?
There was another game that was in English.
Alright, let's move on with more news.
So Sony's credit rating is kind of crap.
You know, they're probably going to have to go to one of those credit agencies that they advertise on TV.
But not really.
So apparently one of the credit rating boards, I guess, out there, agencies, Fitch Ratings has rated them junk status.
Also, there was another company, I guess, Moody's, who I've never heard of.
I haven't heard either one of them.
They've dropped theirs to, I guess, one notch above junk.
So I guess it would be some people.
Some may call this junk, but I call them treasures, I guess.
That level.
They said the downgrade reflects Fitch's belief that the meaningful recovery will be slow given the company's loss of technology, leadership, and key products.
High competition, weak economic conditions in developed markets, and the strong yen.
So, yeah.
So it's a company saying that they're going to fail.
And I guess we just wait for them to either do so or not.
Am I correct, though?
I mean, I'm not up and up on all my financial world stuff, but I believe this doesn't mean Sony is failing.
It means that the analysts believe it's going to tank because they see the downward trend.
Yeah, it's basically saying, hey, banks that are lending Sony money, they're at more risk on, you know, not being able to pay those loans back, even though they're a big company.
Big companies file bankruptcy all the time.
So just Twinkies.
Yeah, the hostess company.
I mean, so.
Yeah, but also how many of Sony's CEOs are giving themselves raises every four months?
Well, I don't know, but also you're talking about more of a global company than hostess was.
Sony's based in Japan. It's very different culture there.
True.
But I mean, it's still if they have sound business practices and deal ethically, then I think that they can turn around.
What happened with hostess was a pure bout of greed and poor regulation.
Well, one thing with Sony is that they're more than games, too.
We have to remember there's a whole lot of other facets of Sony.
And even though their games may be doing OK, although I think people wish the PlayStation three were doing better, especially the Vita.
It sounds like they're not doing well.
Well, I think that they weren't doing well.
And just like some of the other fields, like, for example, Sony phones are Ericsson's not really a big thing anymore.
TVs.
Everybody goes off brand and gets the Black Friday 200 dollar TV.
However, Toshiba and Panasonic and Samsung have really pushed in LG, especially.
Those brands have really surpassed Sony in quality, though.
And I don't think people are buying cameras as much anymore because now the cameras and camera phones are all right.
I mean, they're, you know, multi megapixel cameras.
And for a lot of people, that's just enough.
They don't need anything dedicated to just a camera unless you're actually really in the photography.
Well, I'll tell you this.
My iPhone camera is tons better than the digital rebel that my husband has bought four years ago.
Dungeon Buster in our chat room.
Sony has a lot of internal issues that contributed to their failure.
They have had a lot of shifting and things going on lately.
Bob Coffee says the strong yen is what's fucking Japanese companies bad.
That exchange rate.
Dungeon Buster also clarifies his earlier comment saying all of their competitors hired who they tried to force into early retirement.
Hmm.
So, yeah, we have to remember Sony is more than just games.
But it's not like their games are performing, especially the Vita.
I mean, that that's not looking pretty for Sony right now.
Another thing, too, is that companies in Japan don't have those the rules regarding single types of products to like,
for example, Toyota also makes housing house housing siding.
Takara, you know, makes toys and wine.
You know, it's the companies are allowed to branch out into other areas and expand.
I mean, how else I think could Nintendo go from a card company to a, you know.
A computer entertainment company. But I think the point is, though, is that first of all,
I agree with the comment regarding the strength of the yen,
especially when you're dealing on an international market with other economies that you're relying on that don't have as strong
Fundage, then, yeah, you're going to run into a lot of problems on the exchange as well.
Since I brought up the Vita, I do want to remind people, if you've been neglecting your Vita,
PlayStation Plus just came out on the Vita and there was a 2.0 patch for everybody.
So just, you know, go turn on your Vita if you haven't in a while.
I didn't play enough of this game to really review it this week.
I'll talk about it next week. But my early impressions of Gravity Rush,
which is one of the free games on Plus right now.
Neat. I'm really liking what I see. It's like one of these games I'm like,
I think people totally missed this. I mean, I know it has its fans.
I've heard some people talking about it on Twitter and so forth.
But like, more people should be talking about Gravity Rush.
It's pretty great from what I've played of it so far.
And that's a free one on PlayStation Plus and the Uncharted game, of course.
And Wipeout. Wipeout is supposed to be one of the best.
It was one of the best looking games at launch.
And Tactics PSP, which, you know, some of you might not have even bothered to pick up or whatever.
It's free. So PlayStation Plus on Vita, looking nice right now.
So if you have a Vita and you happen to have PlayStation Plus,
I would really urge you to go check that free shit out.
Even if you don't want to, the 2.0 upgrade allows the wireless transmissions,
which is one of those duh, this thing should have been there in the beginning.
And all those features, which is great. So there you go.
And ShadowNextGen does want to say in chat, actually PlayStation is losing Sony money right now.
The Vita has hurt them a lot. Yeah, I mentioned the Vita earlier.
And I just, the sales in Japan and the US and everywhere really don't look good.
I think their opportunity with some of these games, I think was it,
the company that worked on Resistance and did the Call of Duty PS Vita versions.
That was bad. They hurt them bad.
Because Resistance is a great first person shooter franchise from Sony.
And it just, it sucked on the Vita.
And then, come to find out, and I was just very cautious,
I was like, ooh, black ops on the Vita, that's going to be awesome.
Then I saw what I was making, I was like, oh, wait a second.
Maybe I'll wait until the reviews come out. And sure enough, total crap.
Yeah, it's like, what happened to that, what was it?
Was it Game Developers Conference or one of those other,
where Sony just came out and said, we've got over 100 games coming to the Vita.
Where are they? What happened?
Final Fantasy X, we're going to remake that. When?
I don't know.
Uh-oh, are people abandoning ship? What's happening?
So, yeah, that's what I'm worried about, is that as the Vita kind of continues to not perform so well,
those parties are going to get off that sinking ship.
You know what's going to really help it?
In February, when Defense Force 2017 portable comes out.
Yeah, there you go. Keep on hoping. Keep on hoping.
All right, let me move on here. I want to talk about this.
I noticed when I was playing Curiosity this week, well, you don't really play Curiosity.
Yeah, I tried playing that while waiting for my car to be looked at,
because I took it to a dealership, just to say, hey, is there anything wrong with this?
Can you take a look at it, just to see if there's anything wrong with the car?
Wasn't anything, which is good.
But, yeah, I tried playing that, and it's like, oh, hey, cool, it's not updating. Awesome.
It works all right for me, and it's more like, again, I think I called it bubble wrap on last week's show,
and that's pretty much what it is. There's not really a game there. It's just tap, tap, tap.
You can do combos. Come on. It's pressing squares to make them disappear. It's not rocket science.
I was very intrigued that one of the layers on the Cube this week was an ad for a Kickstarter called Godus,
or not like Godus, like a female god, but like Godus, G-O-D-U-S, Godus.
Not really. It's Godus, which is supposed to be a reinvention of Populous.
I thought, actually, I got to be honest, as much as I think Curiosity is interesting and all,
that was tacky as shit, having that Kickstarter in there.
I wouldn't put it past Molyneux, though. The more I was thinking about it, I was like,
that is so a thing for him to do. But, anyway, I just found that tacky as shit.
But, regardless, I think it's neat that he's revisiting the Populous idea,
because I think that game in particular was a great game.
So, that is something that he started a Kickstarter for. It's available on, of course, Kickstarter.
They want 450,000 pounds to do the Rebirth of God games for PC, iOS, and Android.
And, you know, you can look at more details on the Kickstarter if you want about what all you can get from it.
But that is on his plate for games he wants to do.
I thought the 22 Cans had these other games lined up. Like, I remember reading about one.
I thought the next game was supposed to be Cooperation or something was supposed to be the next game for 22 Cans.
So, I don't know where this fits into it, if this is, like, an actual 22.
Because, remember, 22 Cans is because Molyneux's got 22 ideas for iOS games.
Whatever. I don't know where this fits into it. I don't know if this is one of the 22 or if this is, like, a bonus or what.
I hope it's as good as Populous. I guess that's all I can say.
I'm not giving him any money. No.
I just, I was kind of turned off by the ad in Curiosity. Like, I don't, I can't explain it. Like, it just, it was tacky.
I don't know. It turned me off to Curiosity, too. Is that what we're tapping away at? The big mystery in advertisement?
Hmm.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
My computer just did something bizarre. Hold on. There we go.
So, as was teased earlier when we talked to Bobby, there's a game that I'm super excited about that's coming out on the 3DS through the Nintendo eShop.
And that is Space Harrier! Yay!
Mind you, it's not, like, I think the Sega Ages one. It's a currently redone 3D version of Space Harrier.
So I'm pretty excited about that because it's one of my favorite games ever.
And I'd actually, I think I've put it as, like, number three on my top games list. Like, number one being The Guardian Legend, number two being Fantasy Zone, and number three being Space Harrier.
So, welcome to the Fantasy Zone. Get ready.
Now you gotta get a 3DS.
You wanna know what's funny, Rob? I have about seven versions of Space Harrier at home.
Tell me you don't want this one.
I actually do have a 3D version of this game.
But you don't want the fancy new one? You don't want the 2012 or 2013 version?
But keep in mind, the 3DS does give me headaches.
You don't have to play in 3D mode.
Then I could just play my Sega Ages one.
One of my Sega Ages ones.
Alright, let's move on and travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a little sooner than Space Harrier 3DS.
With release dates, I don't know if it's slowing down now or what's happening, but Loki, tell us about release dates.
Yeah, it's quite slowed down now.
Not a whole ton coming out this week. In fact, pretty much just a couple things.
You've got the American Mensa Academy on the 3DS.
Ratchet and Clank Full Frontal Assault on PS3.
Kids learn and play Pets and Vets on the DS and...
I think that actually might be it.
Oh, Scribblenauts Unlimited on PC.
I guess that wasn't ready to go yet.
Alright, well, traveling to Japan, since it's a little different over there and they didn't really have Black Friday.
You still have some games coming out in Japan.
Darkciders 2 comes out, as well as Love Tor.
Love Torre, probably. Mint version in limited and regular editions.
And this is a sequel to Sweet.
For a moment, I thought you said Toire.
Which means toilet.
Love Toilet?
Yeah.
No, I don't think these girls are having fun in Love Toire.
That's what it says. Toire.
Toire.
Let's see. Let me read the little description for this.
Hold on. Go away, box art. Go back to the description here.
I think I would play a game called Love Toilet.
Box description.
It's already been brought in.
Box description.
Gigantic, soulless eyes.
Kinda.
Alright, let's move on to the PlayStation 3.
On the PlayStation 3, Darkciders 2 is there as well.
As well as Power Smash 4 going into the Sega The Best collection.
Shin Sangoku Musou Online, Ryujin Orambu 5th Anniversary Pack.
That's probably just a repackaging of Shin Sangoku.
Sports Champions 2 makes its way to Japan on the 29th as well.
And Dai 2G Super Robot Taisen Original Generations in the regular and Blu-ray disc box.
So that's probably one of them combo packs.
Looking at the PlayStation Vita this week.
Fate Stay Night, Power Smash 4.
Price reduction there as well.
And Samurai and Dragons, Ryuzoku Kurin.
As well as a new game called Totori no Atlier Plus Arland no Renken Jutsuji 2 comes out over there as well.
Sorry to interrupt, but is Samurai and Dragons pretty much their version of Cowboys and Aliens?
It very well might be, I don't know.
I've heard these Atlier games though. There's one of them on PlayStation 3 out here.
There's a few out on PlayStation 3 out here.
Look at these two.
I don't think these two chicks who are embracing in this picture are wearing a top.
Just pointing out.
Or legal.
Or legal.
Just saying.
They're embracing in a bath house, I'm sure.
The graphics look pretty though outside of that picture.
Very cel shading and all that.
Let's see, Totori brings her tools, her books, and everything colorful to the PS Vita.
Forget about saving the world, you have more important business to attend to.
Namely, collecting your ingredients, learning new recipes, creating powerful items, and completing missions set by the guild.
In this game where you have a schedule to follow, every moment counts.
The PS Vita game includes new modes and upgrades.
People who adore Totori's motherly elder sister, Cici, can include her in the playing team right away.
There's also new enhancements and contents exclusive to the PS Vita version.
So maybe this is like a redo of that PS3 game.
Bob Coffee actually went back and made a comment about the love tote.
Yeah.
You got served cross bring it on equals moe moe pawa.
On the Wii U in Japan, not yet. December 8th is the big day.
So we got another week to go before we talk about Wii U in Japan.
But we can talk about the Nintendo 3DS and Naruto SD Powerful Shippuden.
Because what would the week be without a Naruto game?
Also, Layton Kaiju vs. Gaikuten Saiban comes out from level 5.
Oh hell yeah.
Yes! That needs to hurry up and come out over here so quickly.
You know who that is, right?
That's Professor Layton vs. Phoenix Wright.
Phoenix Wright. Hell yeah.
I didn't even, like I heard this.
Didn't you see the trailer?
I thought this was a thing like in development.
I didn't realize this was like coming out in Japan now.
Yeah.
Did you watch the trailer for this?
I think I did a long time ago now that you talked about it.
Pretty epic.
Really?
It's pretty cool.
Sort of semi off topic.
There's now a Phoenix Wright movie.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Yes.
Hopefully something will get here a little easier to obtain.
Oh yes.
Well I guess the internet's not much easier than that but you know.
Alright, that's going to do it for Japanese releases.
Let's go over to the UK, Dark Sakura.
On the 26th we have LEGO Lord of the Rings.
On the 27th we have Battlefield 3 Aftermath and Mass Effect 3 Omega.
I'm glad that like for DLC it gets its own release date.
That just makes me so happy.
Because they respect Mass Effect.
On the 20th of November Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition, Miasmada on PC and Stealth Bastard Deluxe.
That's the best name.
Stealth Bastard.
Or maybe it would be Stealth Busted.
You know, Eddie Iser just to be believed.
On the 29th, Arrow Porter on 3DS.
The 30th, Ben 10 Omniverse, Epic Mickey 2, The Power of 2, Far Cry 3, FIFA 13, Little Inferno, Warriors of Roshi 3 Hyper.
The Wii U.
The Zone of the Enders HD Collection.
And let me see what I've got for, if there's anything on December 1st, hold on.
God, I can't believe it's already almost December.
No, nothing until the 4th.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Yes.
So let's talk a little bit about Telltale Games.
And thankfully it's not about them closing down, but actually they're expanding starting spring 2013.
And what they're going to do is, I guess, they're moving out of their current office.
They're going to, I guess, get an office that's almost twice as big.
And right now they're looking to up their staff by, it looks like, 35 people starting in March and April of 2013.
And I guess that's good news that they're doing well.
So they've got, of course, a lot of games out right now.
They just finished up the second season of Walking Dead.
Or I guess, yeah, they're working on the second season of Walking Dead.
The first season just finished and actually should be coming out on a disc retail version two weeks from now.
So, pretty cool.
I agree with Bobby.
I hear great things about the Walking Dead.
I have heard so much good stuff about that.
A lot of people saying that's the game of the year right there is the Walking Dead.
I just haven't had a chance to play it.
There's so much stuff going on right now.
There's, you know, a new game every day.
But I want to take the time to sit down and play the Walking Dead at some point.
I am, some people on Twitter went so far as to say it is the best ending ever in a video game.
Kira, I don't want to see your spoilers, but I'm very curious.
I haven't watched any of the show, so...
It's not based on the show. It's based on the books.
Or the comics or whatever.
So you don't need to watch the show to understand it.
That was made pretty clear when the game first came out.
So it's very different.
But obviously, a lot of people who are into the show, which is a very popular show, are into this for similar reasons.
Regardless, it sounds like it came out better than Jurassic Park.
To be fair, I didn't play that either.
Now that song is stuck in my head.
Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark.
Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark.
Alright, let's see.
One more on Ubisoft and a comment they made this week about this current console generation.
Ubisoft doesn't want the next console generation to go quite as long.
This was in a talk with Polygon.
I can never say this guy's name right. Sorry in advance.
Yves Guillemot?
I don't know. It's French, so...
How would you say that? Right there.
Wilmot?
Wilmot?
Well, that's basically...
Yves Guillemot!
I think it would be Yves.
Yeah, he's the CEO at Ubisoft.
It's Yves. Haha, I'm French!
Stop it.
Alright, he's the CEO at Ubisoft and he said that basically it's kind of taken a while for hardware to come out.
Quote, we are used to the changing machines every five years.
When a console is out for a long time, you don't take as much risks on totally new IPs because even if they are good, they don't sell as well.
That's kind of an interesting comment because...
Zombie U is an Ubisoft game on the Wii U.
I'm not hearing a lot of good things from critics, but I'm hearing a lot of great things from players.
I obviously will trust the players a little more and I'll trust the critics, but I'm very curious about that game because it seems to be very polarizing.
And it's like a new thing.
A lot of people saying it's like an old Resident Evil game kind of mixed with Dark Souls.
Which sounds very scary.
But yeah.
So, he's basically saying that when a console is out for a long time, you don't want to take risks because they don't sell as well.
Is that the reason that it feels like this cycle has gone on way too long?
Or is that the rise of the mobile phone industry? I'm not sure.
I really get bothered though when I keep seeing traditional game companies.
I saw one article somewhere this week that was like, if you're a traditional game company, you're going to be dead in the water if you're not developing for mobile.
Your thing is dying.
And I'm just kind of like, no it's not.
I'm like, there's an audience that does, I mean it might not be as big or whatever, but there's definitely an audience that doesn't want that mobile gaming stuff.
I can't get what I need on mobile phone.
The Apple iPhone cannot game the way a console can.
When I get Mass Effect fully on my phone, maybe, but Infiltrator doesn't cut it.
No, Infiltrator kind of sucks.
Like it looks good, but the controls ruin it.
I touched it, but eh.
The controls ruin it.
Oh Rob, I touched it.
I don't know, but how can the next console generation be shorter?
They're not going to sell consoles saying, oh well we'll have a new one out in just four years.
They kind of want to encourage people that this next console may have to be the last one they ever buy.
Although we all know that's not true.
I mean you'll still be upgrading your PCs.
But even Alan kind of made a point the other day that even PC upgrades have kind of slowed a little bit.
Especially now versus maybe where we were at ten years ago.
We've kind of hit this cap.
I don't know.
Alright.
BlackWolf in our chatroom says, gaming on my TV will never die.
Amen to that.
Let's see.
ActDeaf talking about the Walking Dead game.
The game is really damn great, though I've only played the first two episodes.
Duke Nukem wants a Breaking Bad game after the series ends.
That's another one I hear a lot about.
No thank you, that show is awful.
You didn't like it?
I fucking hate that show.
I also hate Sons of Anarchy.
The acting in both are great.
I hate the subject matter.
I hate how the episodes go.
I hate basically awful, horrible people being put in a positive spotlight.
You know.
Okay yeah, Hitler was an artist, but that doesn't mean I'm a fan.
Pinning an apartment in one afternoon, two coats.
I only have time to watch RuPaul's Drag Race.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, mouse.
Let's travel to a time when we didn't even have these mobile phones.
They were called car phones, not mobile phones.
Not even when this was out, I think.
You had a brick in the car.
16 bits and we liked it.
That's right, you had your gaming in 16 or 8 or whatever bits and you liked it that way.
It's the classic game of the week where Dark Soccer is going to climb into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, play it.
It's a little sticky.
This one, most of you have probably already played.
But if you haven't, you're fucking missing out.
It was also hopefully chosen by Rachel.
The game is Earthbound.
Yeah, I know. I've done Mother before.
I haven't done Mother 2, so shut up.
Don't judge me.
This one was...
I don't think there's very many people that are going to judge you for doing another Mother game.
This series is beloved by a lot of people.
Yeah, I need to actually break out my copy and play it.
Yes, I do have this game.
But in Japan, it was Mother 2 Gigu no Gyakushu.
Which, I don't know what Gyakushu means, so somebody translate for me.
Oh, I knew that once.
Probably...
...Gig's Revenge.
Something like that.
At any rate, when it came out with the attract demo, there were two different names.
One was Earthbound, the war against Giygas.
And the other one was Mother 2.
However they've written it, G-Y-I-Y-G, that's a weird way to spell it.
Strikes Back.
It was designed by Shigesato Itoi.
And it was actually the sequel to Mother.
I was going to say, he was the last boss in the game.
That's why he's named that.
Okay.
Well, no, I know that was his name.
I didn't know why they spelled it that way.
Because it's very weird.
At any rate, the game was released on August 27th, 1994 in Japan.
And in America as Earthbound on June 5th, 1995.
As a standalone, as not a sequel to anything.
Because we didn't know.
We had an import back then, huh?
We had Final Fantasy 6 as Final Fantasy 3.
Come on.
Yeah.
And then we had our spoon bards.
Yes.
In Final Fantasy 2.4.
Bouldlerized translations.
It's actually evident in a few places in Earthbound.
There's a sequence fairly close to the beginning where they replaced a beating sound with a scolding sound.
And that's your nemesis, basically.
He comes home and he gets his ass whooped by his parents.
Thus launching into the game proper, I think.
Well, the game did not sell very well.
And it was new.
However, everyone loved it because they really liked the satire of American culture.
And the different parodies showing up for the RPG genre.
It's so quintessentially Japanese.
There's just something so unique about it.
You could not have something like Mr. Saturn in an American game.
That's true.
I like Mr. Saturn in Smash Brothers because you can hit people with him.
Or the cultist. That was my favorite part of the game.
Ah, yes.
This shit was hilarious.
Or a boss made out of vomit.
I do like running around in your pajamas, but in the original, you were naked.
Oh, yes.
It's just such a unique game. That's one of the things that drew me toward it.
They had a sequel planned for the Nintendo 64 double D.
Which was Earthbound 64.
And it had been in development for a while before it was cancelled.
And then it came out as a GBA game called Mother 3.
And it only came out in Japan.
However, there are fan translations.
They have a very loose connection to Mother 2.
But you can play it on its own.
There's actually a few returning characters.
Yes, and you know, playing the prequel to it does make for a much richer experience.
It will punch you in the emotions.
I assure you. It'll get you in the feels.
Yes.
Now, it actually uses a kind of different sort of projection for playing the game.
It uses what's called oblique projection instead of the top down.
So that you're sort of skewed on a different level with all of the things around it.
So it gives the world, even though it is purely 2D, it gives it some sort of...
It really makes it seamless as you go from place to place.
You know, I think Pokemon uses kind of a similar...
Pretty similar, yeah, style.
But I really liked its use of the color palette on the SNES.
Because I thought it was just gorgeous.
Oh yes, yes.
It's not just color, it's how they use it.
But it also doesn't use random encounters like the first Mother game did.
Oh yeah.
And it is not every three steps like the original Mother.
Yes.
So basically, you beat them down to zero.
For their hit points, they get killed.
And if you defeat a specific type of enemy, there's a chance you'll get an item.
Also, my favorite part about it was the rolling counter.
You could get mortally hit and still finish a fight and live.
So if you gave yourself enough time, especially towards the end when you're upwards of 300 life,
that was pretty sweet.
I like how it compares your hit points box to an odometer.
Oh yeah.
And then of course you had your psi attacks that used your psychic points.
I guess PK fire.
I heard that way too many times playing Smash Brothers.
PK fire! PK fire!
It just never goes away.
As far as your weapons go, and yeah, your main character is Ness,
but different weapons were available such as baseball bats, yo-yos, and frying pans.
Except for one character named Pooh, who can use a sword.
But that was only way at the end.
For most of the game, he's just using his fists.
And this is like, what, a 12-year-old?
Yeah.
Give him props for that.
Well, when you're fighting, vomit.
And miniaturized UFOs, wearing bows, and yes, all sorts of critters.
You had all kinds of neat places in the game too.
You had Onett, you know, Toussaint 3 to 4side, you know.
They were named.
You also had Winters, Summers, and Dallam, Scaraba, you know,
different places that were meant to mimic different areas.
Highly creative names.
And then you had to, you know, beat the Star Men and everything.
What I really like is looking at the concept art for this game.
Oh, yes.
I don't know if you've ever seen any of the concept art for this.
It's quite whimsical, and it's just aching and beautiful.
It makes me think of a child's storybook.
Oh, yes, especially I...
This would be a fucked up story.
But my favorite was always Dungeon Man, because, you know,
you could see just this like really whimsical turn to it.
And it's also, there's so much detail in it and so much life.
It's like, this is such a life affirming game.
That's one reason I always went back to it.
There was part of the dialogue for the final battle,
and this was actually, I was reading,
is this something that I'd read before about the military policemen
and the dismembered beauty?
Yes, and it's not actually a rape scene, as is often misquoted,
but it's a sex scene which turns into a murder scene,
which, you know, is not really a point for splitting money hairs.
But it's always said that it had such an impact on him
that he incorporated it into the game.
And it works really well.
It's very disjointed, and it's kind of horrifying,
because there's just this sense of out-of-place-ness there
that you don't get in many games.
But I like that when they marketed this in Japan,
they actually used a member of SMOP to advertise the game.
They had scratches of stickers that came out with it.
They did all kinds of stuff with weekly Famitsu
to promote the hell out of this game,
and of course, sadly, it didn't sell up to expectations.
But in America, it sold 140,000 copies and twice that many in Japan,
which is still not all that great,
not for how SNES games were selling at the time.
But, you know, it's like many things that are underappreciated when they're new.
They go back and get that cult status.
Oh, yes.
And now, you know, it's just considered one of the top games ever.
In 2006, there was a poll in Famitsu,
and it was rated the 37th best game of all time out of 100.
And it was listed from Gamasutra as one of the top 20 essential Japanese RPGs.
I really love this game, for the record,
because, you know, and I remember playing this.
I rented this at least, like, four times from the store and stuff like that,
just playing the shit out of it.
One reason I really liked it is that, you know,
I was really into Final Fantasy and all those games on the Super Nintendo,
and this was very kind of, it was like that,
but very, like, it wasn't swords and sorcery and stuff.
It was just like kids being stupid.
And I loved that.
Like, it was very cartoonish,
like the most cartoony thing you could really play on the Super Nintendo at the time,
but yet it was like this Final Fantasy RPG.
That's what I always really loved about it.
I really should break out my copy again and play it.
Good times.
But, yeah, I actually have, I believe this is one of the ones I have in the box still.
I have to admit, I came into this, you know, afterwards.
This was not one of the ones we had on the console.
I actually completed this on emulator, so, you know,
sorry if that disqualifies me as a serious gamer, but...
I think a lot of people just kind of discovered it that way.
It's really hard to find it for less than 60 bucks.
Yes, yes.
But, you know, at the same time,
I feel, you know, kind of glad that it's, you know, found such popularity on an emulator,
because it has reached a much wider audience,
and it does make for a richer experience that you can get it out to different people,
and you find all these little secrets and things you hadn't seen before.
Did you see the embryos?
You know...
In the very last stage?
I've seen that, yeah, but you know what?
I don't think that is intentional.
Like, I don't think that's an intentional design thing.
That's a bit like, you know, the backwards tribute to Satan in the Led Zeppelin song.
It's not...
Yeah, but I could, but given E-toys history, maybe I could see it happening.
I just don't know how you didn't actually get that,
because it's not just one static image.
It's sort of a rolling thing.
But it's a repeating. It's a tile.
But it's like, it's moving.
So I don't...
I don't know.
I mean, at any rate, for other things that have happened with the series,
of course, it...
Definitely Ness and other characters have shown up in the Super Smash Bros. series,
and...
Well, Ness was a hidden character, but everyone freaking used him.
And Onett was actually a stage in Brawl,
and New Pork City in Mother 3 showed up in Brawl as well,
to the rejoice of all who wanted to see it in 3D.
Yes.
There were also trophies for Paula, Jeff, and Pooh.
And Jeff is an assist trophy in Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
And his multi-bottle rockets were involved as well.
And Mr. Saturn, you could throw him at people, because that was awesome.
Why was... Mr. Saturn should have been our Pikachu.
Mr. Saturn, however, you got special...
It was like, you got an achievement for Mr. Saturn-love,
or you got points for it,
when you let him wander around the screen and didn't throw him at people.
I always thought it was funny.
And Mr. Saturn only wants to help.
You can't help it that he's just a butt on legs.
With Bo.
Well, at any rate, like I said earlier,
there was supposed to be a sequel in 96 on the 64DD,
but it kept having production problems,
and didn't show at E3 and other gaming conventions.
So Nintendo cancelled it on August 21st, 2000,
but it resurfaced as a GBA title,
and it was only released in Japan.
And also Itoi said he had no more plans to develop the series any further.
There was an ESRB rating that said that it might come out on Wii,
but there are still no official plans.
And I want to give further props to the fan translation community,
because in their fight to translate this,
they also found a lot of cool, unused things.
Just sort of artifacts that were left in the data.
Vomit?
Yes. Well, unfortunately, no.
Just things that, you know, unused bosses and unused sprites,
they make you wonder at what was originally planned for this,
because there were a few places that the creator said
he actually had to scale it back a bit because it was frightening him.
I'm, of course, referring to the extended mushroom trip,
like sort of halfway through the game.
I actually need to sit down and play E3,
because I just haven't had time.
Well, there's an extended mushroom trip.
And the final boss.
I like extended mushroom trips.
The final boss, there is an unused boss battle,
which is, I think it's available on YouTube,
which is deeply unsettling, despite my lack of understanding Japanese.
But as it stands, the Mother 3 game is a very emotionally engaging
and rich game, I find.
And it's got its predecessor's balance of horror and just awesomeness.
Well, this also, I think, is kind of cool.
The sound designer for Earthbound, Keiichi Suzuki,
he actually said that the biggest influence for the music for him
was John Lennon.
Excellent.
You know, in the YouTube we're watching here,
I just saw a reference to the Beatles,
and it's like one of those funny little jokes, like,
do you know the name of this Beatles song?
Blank Blank Blank Turday.
And the options are yes and no.
Like, it's a funny joke because you can say yes.
You're right, it's yesterday.
Anyway.
And, you know, music references, sadly,
are one of the reasons they'd have trouble releasing Mother 3 in the U.S.
Because there is the Runaway 5 in Earthbound.
It was actually originally kind of a Blues Brother-y tribute,
which it's kind of evident in the finished product of the game.
But I can't remember, it's the DMC or something like that?
There's Pinball. I just saw Pinball.
I forgot there was Pinball in the arcade.
Sweet.
But there's also the band in Mother 3 is also kind of clearly ripped off another band.
Escapes me.
Well, that's the game.
Mother 2 slash Earthbound with strong hints towards Mother 3.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Earthbound, Mother 2.
And a little dash of Mother 3, but we have to save that for another week.
We should do a Gaiden version called Daddy.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for Part A, but don't go anywhere.
We have plenty more to come.
We may not have a whole lot of news, but we do have the rapid-fire news.
We have your Fugu question of the week coming up as well.
Mailbag and Match Game coming back tonight in Part B.
Don't go anywhere, guys.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live here on November the 25th of 2012 with the 483rd episode of our show.
It's a little bit of a slower news week this week,
but that's all right.
We still have some news stories to talk about,
including the rapid-fire news, which is coming up right now.
Loki.
Yes.
So let's talk about my favorite gaming series, Grand Theft Auto.
Grand Theft Auto had a wonderful release on iOS and Android of Grand Theft Auto 3,
celebrating the 10th anniversary earlier this year, maybe even last year.
I can't remember.
But soon enough, you'll be able to get some more Grand Theft Auto love
on your portable devices with Grand Theft Auto Vice City,
the HD treatment for the 10th anniversary of that game as well.
So I'm hoping that San Andreas is only a couple more years away.
And that'll be available on December 6th,
and apparently it's going to cost you $5 on both Android or iOS.
That's fantastic.
I cannot wait.
Except I can, because I'm not actually going to play it on the phone,
because gaming on the phone sucks.
And then to kind of go along with that,
there's kind of a fan campaign to try to get Grand Theft Auto 5 onto PC and the Wii U.
And of course, developers are like, well, anything is up for consideration.
And of course, they haven't announced anything.
Right now, they're mainly focused on getting the game out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
It's hard to say if there's actually going to be a PC version for the game.
The scene is that there wasn't one for Red Dead Redemption,
although there was one for L.A. Noire.
So I don't know.
It'd be kind of cool if it was on PC, because that game looks fantastic.
I don't know.
I may need to get a new PC for that if they do end up getting one.
And then also, of course, Reggie threw in his two cents saying,
yeah, we'd totally love Grand Theft Auto 5 on the Wii U.
Yes, that would probably be a nice system selling game now, wouldn't it?
Except right now, it's still up in the air.
And last but not least, I'm not sure this should make you angry or excited,
the fact that this is coming out over here.
The Bayonetta DLC that was available in Japan is coming to North America.
However, it's coming to North America as a GameStop exclusive.
And I guess it will be kind of a day one limited edition.
Also in Europe, the U.S., you're going to have to wait until it comes out in January.
And if you really want that DLC, you're going to have to wait and purchase it from GameStop.
And the game is supposed to be a lot cheaper.
It's only $29.99 as opposed to a full-price game.
It is kind of disappointing, though, that GameStop locked in the DLC for that.
I hate that. Whatever.
I mean, you never know. That stuff could come out later on.
They could sell it later.
But just throwing GameStop alone, I guess, and giving them exclusive DLC.
Not going to hold my breath.
All right. Well, moving on.
This is pretty good.
I mean, I know we've talked about some Vita hardships,
but there's a lot of good stuff to talk about on Vita right now,
not just the free games, but price reductions.
November 27th is going to see some price reductions on the PlayStation Network for the download.
You know, if you have a memory card large enough to hold some games,
you can get some games for a lot cheaper than they used to be.
For $17.99, Hot Shots Golf, Little Deviants, MLB 12 The Show, ModNation Racers,
Reality Fighters, and Wipeout 2048.
$26.99, Resistance Burning Skies, Smart As, not to be confused with Smart As,
and Unit 13, and then $35.99 for Uncharted Golden Abyss,
but as mentioned before, you could get that free with PlayStation Plus.
You would just have to kind of juggle, like, you know,
remember when you are on PlayStation Plus, if you let your account lapse,
you'll lose all those free games.
So you kind of have to weigh, is that something I really want to be locked into?
I don't mind it, personally, because I don't, you know,
the games I'm getting for free aren't things that, like,
if I really want a game bad enough that I can revisit whenever, I'll buy it.
But I like that PlayStation Plus kind of allows me to play games I might have missed from a couple years ago.
So, I don't know, I don't want to sound like a mouthpiece for Sony,
but I'm glad to see that they're reducing the price of some of these games.
Might be what the system needs right now.
Darkstalker Resurrection, some folks looking forward to this.
This is the Darkstalker games for Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
Happy, happy, happy.
This is that collection.
Yep, there's also going to be a new tournament, an online tournament mode coming in the game.
This is according to Capcom Unity.
The online mode is going to support eight players.
Sudden Death, One Takes All, Best of Two or Best of Three.
Resurrection will also include the usual ranked and player matches.
Resurrection, of course, being the name of this download game.
Pretty cool there.
And you can do replays on YouTube, so can't wait for YouTube to get flooded with this stuff.
So that's pretty cool.
14.99 on PlayStation Network, 1200 Microsoft points on Xbox Live Arcade when it comes out in 2013.
If you're a fan of Half-Minute Hero, maybe you're wondering when are we getting Half-Minute Hero 2.
Well, Marvelous producer Esteban Salazar told Siliconera that,
quote, it's considerably more expensive to put out the sequel,
and they need to sell a lot more of the first game on PC to begin to justify it.
If this is something you're interested in, you might want to, quote,
encourage your friends to buy the Steam version or buy it for them.
P.S., the game's 40% off on Steam right now.
Actually, that wasn't in the quote, but that sure seemed to be convenient.
So, yep, you want Half-Minute Hero 2, buy part one for friends.
Half-Minute Hero was kind of fun.
I mean, I'm not going to cry if the sequel never comes out,
but I'm surprised it didn't sell enough to necessitate the sequel.
Dark Sakura.
Stuff happened. The end. No, I'm kidding.
For fans of the AM2 games, they are going to be out on Xbox Live Arcade
and PlayStation Network during the week.
We have Fighting Vipers, Sonic the Fighters, which I'm more excited about,
and Virtua Fighter 2, which I could give less than a crap about,
but I'm usually very alone in that.
The games are going to have their own achievements and trophies
and will support online multiplayer.
They will be about five bucks each and about 4.49 euro in Europe.
So they'll be out on November 27th in North America and December 5th in Europe.
Man, I have Fighters Megamix at home,
and I wish that they would update Fighters Megamix. Wouldn't that be awesome?
So anyway, Capcom's also getting back into more fighting game stuff.
They've registered the name Fighters of Capcom.
It's a trademark, actually, and they haven't really said what it's about,
but maybe it'll be good. Hopefully.
And moving forward, on the Korean ratings board,
Resident Evil Revelations has been listed for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3,
so that means we might actually be getting the version out for the bigger consoles.
Who knows? And that is that.
All right. Let's take a trip over to Facebook and Google Plus,
and when you slam those words together, you get Boogle.
The Foogle Question of the Week.
We ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities and look for some answers.
And of course, it's got to be about the Wii U again this week, but with good reason.
This is about kind of how we're feeling post launch of the Wii U.
Here's the question from our Facebook community at facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio
and our Google Plus community. Search for Orange Launch Radio.
Now that the console has been out for a week,
have you found that your opinion has changed on the Wii U from the pre-release hype?
Perhaps you weren't so excited about it before, but you ended up buying one for a reason,
or you were really excited after E3, but found that maybe you'll hold off for a while.
Why did or didn't your opinion change?
Let's go to some comments first off from Facebook.
Wicked said, originally I wasn't too keen on the Wii U.
It seemed like it was coming out too early for it to be a next-gen console,
especially since the graphics wasn't much better than what was out now.
Also, sequelizing a console the way they did, essentially requiring the Wii to fully utilize the Wii U's potential,
seemed like a cop-out.
Wow, I was wrong.
The graphics are definitely top notch, and the Wii's usual stigma of waggle wand was significantly downplayed.
The games are amazing, especially Zombie U and Nintendo Land, which could easily be the party game of the year.
As lukewarm as I was for the Wii U, I must say, after having it in my hands,
which the tablet controller feels perfectly fine in, I am definitely on the bandwagon now.
Virtual Phil said, I was excited for it, but also a bit meh regarding the annoying hype.
However, now that I've played the console, and have had a ton of fun with Nintendo Land's multiplayer games,
I'm loving it. I just wish the catalog of games was bigger from the outset.
Dark Charger said, Nintendo continues to struggle with online, and despite a good number of launch titles,
there is really nothing worth buying the system for, yet.
Eventually there will hopefully be an F-Zero, Earthbound, yeah right, Metroid, or even better yet,
some new IPs that will make me want to pick it up.
Playing yesterday's games that I can already play on my PS3 or 360 isn't going to do it.
Doug T said, I'm holding off on buying the Wii U. I'm waiting for more high quality first party games.
I have a PS3, which is my favorite console, so when games are released on all three consoles, I will buy it for my PS3.
Also, I was disappointed with my Wii, so I'm waiting to see how the Wii U does over time.
AZHP said, before the console launched, I was really hopeful that Nintendo had figured out online.
Pause for Loki to scoff.
They figured out that it's there. How to use it, maybe.
Now that I'm hearing reports of how purchases are tied to the console instead of the Wii profile,
that there are separate wallets for Wii and Wii U online purchases that are on the same console,
and that profiles can't be transferred between consoles, I'm just disappointed in Nintendo.
The 360 did online right, and they did it seven years ago. Shame on Nintendo.
This answer is a little lengthy from dinner at Johnny's, so I'm not going to read the whole thing,
but basically said, you know, when Reggie said that they're going to cater to hardcore gamers, he was very excited.
Now that it's launched, my anticipation dropped considerably, partially because the console lacks focus on an achievement and trophy system.
Nintendo did this for the benefit of the developers.
And he kind of goes on to talk about how it's like a standard thing now, how Blizzard and all this does this.
I'm kind of disappointed they missed the boat on that, too.
Especially because, you know, on the 3DS, they have the whole accomplishments thing in the plaza.
I thought they were going this direction.
You know, it's... Oops.
We're not ready for the mailbag yet. Be quiet, music.
Sorry about that. Live radio, it's fun.
So, yeah, I, you know, I don't think it's like a deal breaker for the system.
It's disappointing, but what do you want to bet it's one of those things that just suddenly shows up later?
Let's see.
I'm looking at some of the comments in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
BlackWolf said, to be fair, Nintendo said that you'll be able to transfer profiles yourself soon.
And that they can already transfer them if you call them.
But yes, it's not there on launch day, because obviously we all bought multiple Wii U's and really want to be able to transfer our profiles in the first week.
BlackWolf, again, it's the hole they're building it as they go along, and how obvious is it?
I mean, I get it. You're right. It's not like we all have multiple Wii U's right now.
But, I mean, you know, people still make their decisions. Anyway.
Pete Garuno says, I was cautiously optimistic when it was announced.
Indifferent when more details emerged, but then I tried a demo unit and could see the potential.
One of my friends bought it on launch, and seeing that the social aspects of sending picture messages, asking other players for help on a specific point is kind of selling it for me.
Can't really justify the purchase at the moment, though, so it's currently on my wait for a major price reduction pile.
Let's see, going to Code Man. I haven't bought one yet, but I've played with one here, and they're at different electronic stores.
I have to say that the tech is pretty cool, and being a designer, the interface is well done as well.
What's keeping me from buying it, though, is I don't believe Nintendo is done with it, and tried to rush it out before the holiday season.
So until everything is working correctly, I would love to get my hands on one.
The only flaw in your logic I see is that, again, it's about the games.
It's not necessarily about the hardware, or even the firmware that's on said hardware.
I mean, if they're writing that as they go along, it's weird, but it's not really a deal breaker if Mario HD is still going to be Mario HD at the end of the day.
Think about that. That's all I'm saying.
But I can see what he's saying, though, because if you look at the Wii, remember the Wii came out, and then they're all,
Oh, MotionPlus, because we really wanted these controllers more sensitive.
So now we have Wii MotionPlus, and oh, you bought MotionPlus.
You know what? Now we have this fancy controller that already has it incorporated into it.
Yay. Oh, wait, now we need this other controller to do something, and you need that for this game.
That's fair. I understand that. The whole Wii MotionPlus, or the Vitality Sensor.
Ooh. LOL.
Okay, Google Plus time.
Evil says, hype level has generally been the same.
Actually, it's E3VL, but it says evil to me.
Hype level has been generally the same.
Nintendo's consoles will always be my go-to for first-party content.
My only concern is that if the Wii U will be my main console after Microsoft and Sony releases their next system,
seeing if Nintendo is consistent with quality of third-party ports.
Retertainment says my opinion has not changed.
I still have priorities that are higher on my list than buying a Wii U.
Not that I think a Wii U would be good buy or a bad buy.
I'd just rather save for a house right now.
I don't think I'm alone in this opinion.
Priorities are important. I'll give you that.
Rabababa says, now that I've played it a few days, the pad is better than expected.
It can do a lot of unique things. Best of all, it can look up hints on the internet without an extra device.
Very few games take advantage of it.
Flaco Jones says, I got a chance to play it for a few hours, and my opinion hasn't changed much.
I still think it's way overpriced when comparing it to the competition,
and the controller didn't sway me with the small selection of games that utilize it halfway decently.
Better games would definitely be the best way to change my mind.
Sean F. replied and said, I was never really excited. My PS3 and PSP are enough for me.
And Nick M. said, yeah, it went from being a polished, well-presented turd
to just a turd that sits in the corner of my living room.
So you bought one?
I'd be curious to hear more about you bought one and it's sitting in your living room unused.
I want to hear more about that. Please elaborate for later.
And I want to hear about your collection of polished turds. No, I'm kidding.
But I haven't heard of anybody who's bought one that said, yeah, it's already collecting dust in the corner.
I'm very curious to explore that further, so please send an email or something.
It's very possible it collected fingerprints because I'm sure it can collect fingerprints quite well.
Yeah, it does. Especially the black ones.
Alright, I read all the comments tonight because I'm nice.
Code Man is in chat, by the way, saying, to kind of clarify the comment,
I really want to check out Zombie You. And I do agree it's about the games, Rob,
but I do think they should get the console into control before a good title can be released.
In light of what Loki said, I get a little more what you're saying now.
Alright, couple stories for you guys and then we're going to get to the match game. Yay!
Alright, so we had a little bit of a comment before about talking about console generations
and kind of how they want things to change.
Well, THQ kind of got themselves into a little, well, it's not even really THQ,
but like the publisher, 4A, and I guess one of the THQ PR guys,
they've been trying to cover up, cover up I guess, defuse a situation that happened on Twitter.
I think it was on Twitter. Anyways, during an interview,
It's always Twitter. Take away people's PR people and like they say the dumbest shit.
That's why Twitter is great. Honestly.
So I think at least part of it took place on Twitter. It's basically talking about how the Wii U's CPU is slow.
And the quote is actually, the Wii U has a horrible, slow CPU.
And that's why they're saying that Metro Last Light is not going to be ported to the Wii U
is because the game system has a slow CPU and that it would just be impossible.
So, of course, THQ doesn't want to have this whole stigma of,
Oh, yeah, we just totally dogged in that system, but we want to put some games out on it.
And have Nintendo go, yeah, fuck you guys. You're not going on our system.
But if you think about it, THQ doesn't have a whole ton of,
I mean, they have a few games, I guess, that were launched. There was Darksiders 2.
And it's not out yet, but they've got Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy that they're porting over to that.
Not necessarily CPU intensive games. I mean, Darksiders may be a little bit, but you know,
Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune, not quite so much.
So, I don't know. It's interesting, though, they have basically the developer saying one thing
and then THQ is kind of like saying, Oh, well, it's not necessarily what they meant.
They're just saying that, oh, it's a very CPU intensive game.
And, you know, that, I don't know, maybe that this, you know, we use CPU wouldn't be able to handle this or something.
And then there's some other developers saying, well, you know, sounds like, you know,
they just couldn't even bother, you know, trying to port the game, you know, port over,
because it does have a faster GPU and a lot more RAM than the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360.
And of course, you know, it's this Gustav Halling saying, you know, yeah, you know, GPU and RAM's nice.
They have shaders and textures loaded, but physics and gameplay are on CPU.
So, I don't know. Will that be a problem? Possibly.
I don't know. It'd be interesting to see if we get, you know, if Grand Theft Auto 5 doesn't come to the Wii U
because it's got a slow CPU and can't load, you know, can't load the world fast enough or something like that.
Tigerclaw with a fair thought in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Maybe the Wii U having a better GPU and a slow CPU is a tradeoff.
Nintendo wanted a system with really great graphics, but had to sacrifice CPU in order to bring the cost of the system down,
which is why some games like Arkham City have frame rate drops.
That's not good. I mean, I understand that you, if you're going to make sacrifices and you're not ready,
then you need to wait until that tech comes down in price.
You know, maybe when the console will be more finished, but that's going to be a problem
because if you're not willing to put the technology into it, you're going to have these next-gen systems come out
and they're just going to run circles around you.
Yeah. And I, you know, the frame rate drop in Arkham City,
I'm chalking that up to the fact that it's a port of a game that wasn't designed for the console.
I'm really curious what 2013's games are going to look like.
That's really what's going to define the Wii U, honestly.
And I'm sure the first-party games will look nice.
That's what they always kind of base their sales off of.
That's what always happens with Nintendo.
So, I mean, that'll look nice because they're developing for the system,
but you're going to have to wonder with some of these game systems that are already out there now
and you're going to have a Wii U version coming out at the same time.
And honestly, it's just, for me, it seems like it's like, okay, Nintendo told these publishers,
hey, by the way, you've got to have this gimmick that's thrown in there.
Like, for example, NBA 2K13, you can hold up the Wii U's game pad to see which of your, you know,
athletes or whatever are tired, which is funny because you can do the same thing on any of the other consoles
by pressing start and that same information comes up there.
It's like, it's not necessary to have that.
It's kind of the same thing that you have with some of these games that support Kinect,
where you have voice commands to do shit that you can do with the button press.
It's just, it's there to use the hardware so they can say, hey, we've got, you know,
this game that supports these extra features or whatever, but really these features aren't needed for this gameplay.
It's not adding anything really new.
And you're going to see a lot of this, I think, with the Wii U
because you saw a lot of this with the DS and the 3DS is that they don't know how to use this extra screen.
So you're going to have the stuff that was originally in the start menu on the other screen.
And yeah, it's cool that you don't have to stop gameplay,
but you're still going to have to take your eyes off the screen to fiddle with your inventory or something like that.
That, you know, pushing start and pausing the game so you have time to do that
might not be a bad thing instead of getting killed by something while you're having to look off screen.
Going to our chat room with some comments at live.vognetwork.com.
Rama says, I'm waiting for Mario Kart and Bayonetta 2.
And Dungeon Buster says, I'm mostly waiting on Bayonetta 2.
Rama says, by the way, I feel bad for people eBaying Wii U's. It's pointless.
Don't feel bad for them. Point and laugh at them.
I think it's hilarious that that whole scheme is backfiring
because those people that are buying consoles just to flip them and take them away from somebody who might really want them,
fuck them. I hope they lose a lot of money.
I hope they get stuck with all those Twinkies too and have to eat them.
So you know what? I feel no sympathy for them.
Unless it was like legitimately bought and maybe being flipped around
because a person decided, well, I don't want this polished turd sitting in the corner of my room anymore.
That's different, like a used Wii U already or whatever.
But like somebody who bought it just to try and flip it for an increased cost, middle finger to you.
I don't care that you're out $400.
They'll take them back to the store and get their money back, which is also bullshit.
But, you know, it is what it is.
Anyhow, piggybacking on this a little bit.
There's a piece in the New York Times that is kind of a, like, it's in the New York Times.
It's not really an opinion article, but it certainly kind of looks at, did Nintendo do the right thing?
Is the Wii U a good system?
And they go to a familiar name for a quote, which, you know, this little quote from the New York Times article is making its way around the game blogs.
And the quote is from Nolan Bushnell.
You recognize that name?
Yep.
Yeah, what did he do, Jamie?
Um, Chuck E. Cheese.
Yes, and Pong. Pong, too.
Yes.
Yes, and Chuck E. Cheese. That's important, too.
Well, quote, I am actually, I actually am baffled by it.
I don't think it's going to be a big success.
That's the quote.
Let's see, what else did he say here?
Quote, these things will continue to sputter along, but I really don't think they'll be of major import ever again.
It feels like the end of an era to me.
And, of course, that has all the game blogs going, Nolan Bushnell thinks the Wii U is an end of an era, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And the, it's important to note that this article also kind of takes the stance of, that mobile, it's another one of those pieces that say mobile gaming's going to kill it all.
And, you know, Nintendo's just trying to get into tablet gaming with this.
And so, I don't know how I feel about all this, but it is interesting that Nolan Bushnell kind of throws his two cents out there.
Granted, it's one small quote out of what I hope was a larger interview, but is it the end of an era?
Is the Wii U the swan song of console gaming as we know it?
No.
I hardly think so.
No.
It's just stupid, I mean, because you're just, once again, you're kind of assuming that everyone's going to buy into it or not going to buy into it and go,
Oh, no, what am I going to game on now?
I just don't understand, like, why everyone thinks if these next-gen consoles fail that the whole industry's going to fail.
Hey, you have some consoles that still work.
You know what happens if a console fails?
Guess what, they just make games for other consoles.
It's just like the Vita.
If the Vita fails, guess what, they'll just make games for the 3DS and the DS.
Black Wolf kind of puts Nolan's words in another light here, saying,
No more TV gaming all going handheld mobile now.
That's what Nolan thinks.
More people play mobile games than ever played console games.
So maybe he's thinking, maybe Nolan is going this way because of the Wii U invoking the tablet thing,
kind of trying to get that piece of mobile game.
But for me, the part that people miss when they jump to that conclusion is that they're not putting,
I mean, the Wii U kind of can't do those same tablet games.
It really is a second screen that does have limited touch controls.
It just means you can play while you pee.
Partially.
Well, I told you about that shirt that I saw.
My iPhone has changed the way I go to the bathroom.
Right.
Well, I mean, think about it.
It's gaming anywhere that you want to.
And there's an attraction there, but I mean, I don't think it's the end of an era.
It's just an evolution of access.
Yeah.
There's only so much of, like, Cut the Rope and Angry Birds I can tolerate.
And those aren't the games I want to play when I'm sitting on my couch.
I guarantee there's going to be DS virtual console games by next year.
Oh.
Oh, with the whole, yeah, because since there is second screen anyway.
The screen is set up exactly like a DS.
Why not?
I think clearly it all indicates a return to animatronic restaurants.
Blackwill following up saying, well, what he's saying is that the new console isn't selling out.
So people have stopped buying new game consoles.
I think it is actually selling out.
It's just that they're replenishing a lot faster.
And Nintendo's also not advertising it because maybe, you know, and there's a lot of theories behind that.
But, you know, maybe to their benefit, they know they're going to be limited.
So why, I mean, the people that want to buy them already know about it.
So why have that advertising push behind it?
Let that grow a little more organically and then do the big advertising push in January, February when you need it.
Spend your gift card on a Wii U.
You know, that stuff.
Blackwolf continuing on trying to push the points here.
But Cut the Rope and Angry Birds are the games that majority of game buyers want to play.
We're the minority now.
Yes and no to me because I feel like the majority audience that's buying Cut the Rope and Angry Birds is an audience that didn't exist before.
Did people really switch from console gaming to exclusive mobile gaming?
I don't really think that's what happened.
Yeah, people into Angry Birds are, you know, people like my aunt who is well into her 60s.
And it's, you know, you're basically not your average gamer.
It's people getting into it who have never gotten into gaming before.
So, yeah, I can understand that, okay, that's where a lot of money is at and so forth.
But the console industry has been afloat for the years since 1978 with, say, the video game crash of 83, 84.
The video game industry has been afloat without that audience.
So, I don't know. Anyhow.
Alright, let's move on.
Bojikawa wants to say, I keep hearing that the Wii U hasn't been advertised.
I don't watch TV but I do watch Hulu.
I've seen the commercial for the Wii U many a times there the last couple of weeks.
It's also your audience is most likely to be aware of things like that.
Like that's still targeting like your tech crowd.
There's a big difference between running Wii U commercials there and running Wii U commercials on Saturday morning cartoons.
But anyway, I digress.
Let's play some match game.
We need to do match game.
We haven't done match game in forever on this show.
Alright, if you want to play match game in our chat room, let's see.
If you want to play match game, then type the name of the second town in Earthbound, our classic game of the week tonight.
It's really easy, you guys. It's really easy.
Type the name of that in the chat. We'll pick one player at random.
We'll also open the Skype line in just a minute.
But I want to introduce our celebrities tonight for match game.
Joining us for the match game tonight, Dark Sakura.
You've never heard her before.
Hi.
Also joining us for the match game tonight is Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
And I'm going to be joining you for the match game tonight.
Woo hoo.
Also joining us for the match game tonight, Say Hello 2.
It's your first time on the show. Be gentle.
Rachel.
Howdy.
How you doing?
Are you here to promote anything tonight? Is there a new movie coming out that you need to promote?
Or a book?
Uh, quick blog plug?
Yeah, sure.
Uh, greetings from the wasteland at WordPress.
There you go.
Uh, greetings from the wasteland. Sorry.
But it doesn't stop there. We have one more person playing match game with us tonight.
Say hello, everybody, to Alan.
Raspberry.
How are you doing, Alan?
Good.
Is there anything?
Are you doing your Carol Channing for us tonight?
Is that, uh, is that, uh, what you're going to do match game as?
No, I'm fine.
Do you have anything you want to promote tonight?
No.
Do you want to promote Fabulous Flank?
Oh, I'm really sorry about that.
I want to promote new internet that's not dropping out.
Yeah, apparently it's doing pretty well.
So, hooray to that.
Alright, we're going to open up the Skype line.
If you want to, remember, we're going to have one contestant in the chat room, one on the Skype line.
If you want to play match game, call us in the Skype line right now.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
So, we're going to pick one person on the phones and another from our chat room.
Uh, it looks like we have a few correct answers right now.
So, again, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username in Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
While we wait for that call, because there is a little bit of a delay still,
and I think the delay got longer because of our setup,
but that's okay, I'd rather it be a longer delay and not drop out as much.
Um, so, anyhow, what I want to, oh, we got a call coming in.
Let's, let's see.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is SSJ100 Matt.
Hey, SSJ100 Matt, how you doing?
Hi, how are you?
I feel like I haven't heard from you in a while.
You did alright through Sandy and all that?
I did, actually.
Good, good, I'm glad to hear it.
Well, are you ready to play some match game with us tonight?
Hells yeah.
Hells yeah.
Hells yeah.
Alright, it looks like we have only four people in chat that want to play along,
so, uh, let's see.
Alan, since you can't see chat, pick a number between one and four.
Two.
Two, meaning actdeft is going to play along in our chat room.
So, actdeft is our chatter tonight, so let me just send him a message.
Stand by.
Okay, so, here we go.
We have actdeft versus SSJ100 Matt, because we haven't played this in a long time.
Here's how it works.
We're going to read a question, and that question will have a blank.
Your job is to match the stars here in studio.
You're going to come up with the answer that goes in that blank,
and for every person that you match, you get a point.
Keep in mind, actdeft is playing against you in the chat room.
He'll be sending his answers over a private message,
and you will be giving yours over the phone,
but remember, please do not give your answers until we have a ding from everybody here in the studio.
All right, do you understand the rules, SSJ100 Matt?
I do.
All right, that's because you've played before.
All right, yes, Alan?
Yeah.
I just want to add that we're all really bad at this,
because I remember the last time we played this,
and not a single one of us matched shit with anyone.
That's the joke.
No, it's not.
All right, here we go.
Let's get into tonight's first question.
Drum roll, please.
Here we go.
Tonight's first question.
Four questions tonight.
As Space Harrier's biggest fan,
Jamie is very excited about Space Harrier coming to the 3DS.
She found it odd, though, that in her honor,
the designers changed the opening line from
welcome to the fantasy zone, get ready,
to welcome to the blank, get ready.
As Space Harrier's biggest fan,
Jamie is very excited about Space Harrier coming to the 3DS.
She found it odd, though, that in her honor,
the designers changed the opening line from
welcome to the fantasy zone, get ready,
to welcome to the...
What the fuck was that?
Welcome to the blank, get ready.
I'm sorry you've been beeped.
Apparently, I got censored by this crappy Think Music MP3,
so we'll pause that.
All right, so I'm going to say ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding, Alan.
Ding.
Ding.
Okay, so we have five.
Okay, I see the answer in chat.
SSJ100, Matt, do you have an answer?
I do.
Welcome to the...
Welcome to the Citadel.
Welcome to the Citadel, get ready.
Ah, going for the Mass Effect joke there.
Well, let's check in with the woman herself.
They're changing it from welcome to the fantasy zone,
get ready, to welcome to the...
Fantasy zone.
What?
PH8, fantasy zone, the RPG.
Oh, look at you, clever gal.
Because I'm fucking clever.
Somebody put that down as the quote of the night,
because I'm fucking clever.
Rachel.
Frenzy from school.
How well do we know Jamie?
Welcome to the...
Wii U.
Welcome to the Wii U, get ready.
Wait, what was...
Act Def.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Act Def.
I'm not ignoring Act Def.
Act Def said...
Garrus zone.
I'm a little rusty.
I'm out of practice.
We haven't played this in over a year.
Welcome to the Garrus zone, get ready.
So two Mass Effect answers, but a little different there.
So we have welcome to the Citadel, welcome to the Garrus zone.
All right, Loki, welcome to the...
I have Citadel.
Did you really?
I did.
A point for SSJ 100 mass.
Look at that, Alan.
Look at that, a point.
I have it.
It's typed on my screen and everything.
All right, there it is.
All right.
Speaking of Alan, who says that these things always end in a 0-0 tie, welcome to the...
Pinkberry.
That was a good answer.
I should have said Pinkberry.
That is a good answer.
Welcome to the Pinkberry, get ready.
And my answer was welcome to the Normandy, get ready.
So close.
So close.
So close.
But you know what?
I'm not taking pity because you already got a point.
So there it is.
The score all in the lead there.
SSJ 100 mass has one point.
Act Def has zero.
All right, here we go.
On to the next question.
Question number two.
You feeling good about that lead, SSJ 100 mass?
I'm feeling great.
All right, feeling great.
Here we go to question number two.
THQ might have said that the Wii U has a horrible slow CPU, but Loki is on record saying that
the Wii U has a horrible slow blank.
THQ might have said that the Wii U has a horrible slow CPU, but Loki is on record saying that
the Wii U has a horrible slow blank.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
I don't know if I can make this smaller now.
Has a horrible slow.
Ding.
I'll just.
I'll do it live.
No, you have to write the answer down.
All right, fine.
Or else Alan's going to come over there and say, you rigged it.
You rigged it.
Alan is the Mass Effect po-po, you know.
All right.
Right, Alan?
All right.
Okay, here we go.
Does that mean he's seasick?
We have an answer.
Shut up.
We have an answer for MacDeft, so that means we are ready to go.
SSJ 100, Matt, you have that answer in your mind?
Yep, I do.
All right, here we go.
THQ might have said that the Wii U has a horrible slow CPU, but Loki is on record saying that
the Wii U has a horrible slow.
Rendering of tits slash boobs.
Rendering of boobs.
Tits.
Okay, good.
ActDeft says a horrible slow maker or company.
He's saying Nintendo is slow.
Get it?
I get it.
I get it.
We'll see.
We'll see how that pays off.
All right.
Has a horrible slow dark soccer.
Boob jiggle.
Boob jiggle.
Oh, that's really close.
I'd say half a point.
That's really close.
And I wouldn't even say that a slow boob jiggle would be a bad thing.
Alan is the unofficial, I almost said Mass Effect Judge, as the unofficial match game
judge.
Do you think boob jiggle is a match with boob rendering?
I will allow it.
I will allow it.
Two points for SSJ 100, Matt.
No points for ActDeft.
That's okay, ActDeft.
That's okay.
Rachel, a horrible slow.
Booty.
Booty.
Booty and boobies are very different.
Some people are tits.
Some people are ass.
So those are two different answers for sure.
If we gave them one, we're not going to give them both.
All right.
Loki.
Loki, you are on record saying the Wii U has a horrible slow.
Adoption of online protocols.
Adoption of online protocols.
Good answer, but not a match.
Has a horrible slow.
Bacon grilling peripheral.
Bacon grilling peripheral.
A very good Loki answer, but not a match.
No, we don't want a horrible bacon grilling.
And I said the Wii U has a horrible slow ego.
Ego.
Not a match.
Not a match.
All right, so the score is two to zero.
ActDeft, you still have two questions.
You still have two questions.
You could tie it up easy if you get one on each of these.
All right, here we go to question number three.
Question number three.
Rob was shocked to hear that the R4 cartridges were being banned everywhere.
Upon hearing of the latest ban, Rob shouted at Allen,
quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of blank.
Rob shouted at Allen, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of blank.
I don't even know what to say for this one.
In my stash of, OK, I got one.
Quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of blank.
Loki says ding.
Rachel's still thinking.
Allen says ding.
That's all right, Rachel.
I know we just met earlier tonight.
It might be hard to think of a way to razz me.
She's looking around.
What the hell is this guy like?
It's all right.
You can make something up.
They'll never know.
All right.
Ding.
All right, ding it is.
All right, and I see a ding from actdeft.
SSJ100, Matt, you ready to answer?
Yeah, I got one.
All right, here we go.
Rob was shocked to hear that the R4 cartridges were being banned everywhere.
Upon hearing of the latest ban, Rob shouted at Allen, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of blank.
Rob shouted at Allen, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of blank.
Rob shouted at Allen, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of blank.
I'm going to go with a classic match game answer with non-silon-occupied Caprica.
Non-silon-occupied Caprica in my stash of non-silon-occupied Caprica.
I don't know how well that's going to go over with somebody who is brand new to the show tonight, but we'll see what happens.
All right, actdeft says dating sims and hentai games.
You have to understand, there are so many people that are like, what does non-silon-occupied Caprica even mean?
I can't even say it right anymore.
It's an old-ass joke.
It's a really funny joke.
Like, it would have been just about as funny as if he said, in my stash of big black cocks, but he didn't.
All right, anyhow, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of...
Dark Sakura?
Big black cocks?
Big black cocks!
Oh, and I didn't let him change the answer.
All right, quick, hide the... Did I really read your mind?
All right, quick.
What do you expect? Someone that was talking about, you know, drawings of vaginas earlier.
That's true, that's true. She's got porn on the...
It sounds like actdeft's answer of dating sims and hentai games almost was a match there.
Dating sims and hentai games.
All right, Rachel, my stash of...
Twilight books.
Twilight books? Get out!
I don't own Twilight books. You made that up.
I could have said Fifty Shades of Grey. Look on the bright side.
That's true. All right, I'll give you that.
Really? Does Rob look like a 14-year-old Mormon girl?
Well...
If only it were a TV show.
All right, Loki, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of...
Cat pictures.
Cat pictures! Good answer. Not a match.
Alan, quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of...
New, still in box, President Cat merchandise.
New, still in box, President Cat merchandise. Not a match.
And my answer, the most important one, clearly.
Quick, hide the R4 cartridges in my stash of... Disney pins?
That's very accurate.
I know. Sorry I played it straight on that one.
All right. Womp womp. All right.
Act Deaf, it is still 2-0.
Let's see, Shane is in chat. Shane Alinko in chat says,
I own the Twilight books and I'm not a 14-year-old Mormon girl.
Yes, you are.
You make me a very sad person on chat.
Act Deaf says, fuck, I was gonna say President Cat.
Woulda, coulda, shoulda.
Dating Sims is a pretty good answer, though, even though I don't own any.
All right.
I have Dating Sims. They're yowie.
Here's your chance to close the gap, Act Deaf.
You feeling pretty good about this, SSJ100 Matt?
I'm feeling golden.
You're feeling golden. Here you go. One more question.
Here we go. Last question.
Peter Molyneux recently advertised Goddess on the Cube in Curiosity.
It turns out that what Peter put inside the Cube is actually just an ad for blank.
Blank.
Y'all know Curiosity, what's in the Cube?
Well, Goddess was advertised on the Cube and it turns out what Peter put in the Cube is actually just an ad for blank.
What is in the Cube is actually just an ad for blank.
Ding in a major way.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Yes, I did. In a major way. Way to listen, Rob.
I wasn't listening to you because I was thinking of an answer.
Even though I think of the questions before the show, I don't think of the answers.
You know what? That's a likely story. I don't believe you.
All right. An ad for blank.
All right. Looks like Act Deaf is Ding and SSJ100 Matt, you ready with an answer?
Yep.
All right. Peter Molyneux recently advertised Goddess on the Cube in Curiosity.
It turns out that what Peter put in the Cube is actually just an ad for...
Ovaltine.
Ovaltine.
I like Ovaltine.
That's great.
That's a far better answer than you guys deserve.
That is true, yes.
All right. Well, let's go to Act Deaf. He has an answer too, you know.
What he put in the Cube is actually just an ad for...
Hoping that we'll be ready to self-promote here on OLR tonight.
So an ad for the VoG network in the Cube. Let's take a look.
DarkSakura.
What he put in the Cube is actually just an ad for...
Propel.
Propel.
I'm going old school tonight.
Oh, you guys and the references. All right. Good answer. Not a match.
All right. What Peter put in the Cube is actually just an ad for...
Rachel?
Goddess catch them all.
Goddess catch them all.
It burns, doesn't it? It's not a good burn.
Ladies and gentlemen, who knew that Rachel was the 24th Magus, everybody?
Here in studio.
I will explain this to you.
Yeah, you'll have to explain that later. All right.
Is she going to break a soundboard table now?
She might.
I don't know. This table's a lot sturdier than the one that Drew broke.
After nobody matches her, she might just flip the table over. We'll see.
All right, Loki, what Peter put in the Cube is actually just an ad for...
You know, I don't know how to pronounce this, but I'm going to try to. It's...
Schrodinger.
Would it be Schrodinger or Schrodinger's cat?
No. Everyone likes cats, so it's just Schrodinger.
See how he likes it!
Clever answer. That's too intellectual for you, Loki. All right.
Should I have said penises or like, you know...
You are a Mensa member after all. All right.
It is just an ad for...
Alan?
Pure unsubstantiated hype the video game.
Pure unsubstantiated hype the video game.
You know, that's not as good as they say.
All right. And lastly, my answer, we'll see if it's a match for Act Deft with the VOG Network or...
Whatever Matt said, I can't even remember now.
Ovaltine.
Ovaltine.
Here it is. Peter Molyneux recently advertised Goddess on the Cube in curiosity.
It turns out that what Peter put in the Cube is actually just an ad for...
Douche.
Good night, everybody!
That's gonna conclude the match game tonight.
SSJ 100 Matt wins!
In a score of 2 to 0.
Alan, 2 to 0.
All right.
Act Deft, thank you so much for playing, but sorry you're a loser. There's the door.
SSJ 100 Matt, congratulations. You win.
And as the winner, you get to pimp or promote anything you want to on the program tonight.
Well, I don't really have anything to promote, so I'm just gonna promote the VOG Network.
Oh, it's like the ad was really in the center after all.
All right.
Feel the love.
You're so nice.
Oh, the feels. The feels. All right.
All the feels.
SSJ 100 Matt, congratulations. You won the first match game on OLR in like a year and a half, so walk away with that trophy.
And maybe somebody will try to take it from you in 2013.
We'll see.
All right. Have a good night, buddy.
Have a good night, guys.
All right. Bye.
All right. That was fun. That was fun.
Thank you, Alan, for walking in and doing a cameo. Not like I pressured you into it or anything.
You're welcome.
By the way, the taquitos were A+. Thank you.
It was quite delicious. Thank you.
Alan takes good care of us during the show. We appreciate it.
All right.
All right.
Let us move on with a few more stories.
And then we're going to open up the Skype line for regular calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or, of course, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Oh, we have more stuff we've got to get to before we get to the stories, though, such as the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us your e-mails.
And DarkSakura will dive into the mailbag headfirst and read a few e-mails that tickles your fancy.
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
Okay.
What's inside the mailbag?
Cock.
Okay.
Um, have you...
Okay, this comes from Alex. I'm just going to say Alex.
Have you ever tried placing your games in a numbered list and picking a number at random?
I've been surprised on many occasions to find out how much fun I've had playing an old game or playing a game I thought I was not in the mood for, thanks to this method.
One more thing.
MMORPGs get a number for each character.
Okay.
Take care and happy gaming.
I've never done that.
No, I get what he's saying.
He's saying, like, you know, for the MMOs you play, give a number to each of your characters and throw them in the mix.
For the record, making something plural, you do not use an apostrophe.
Stop.
You know what?
I think it's a neat idea, actually.
I think the idea is, like, really rad.
Can you imagine if you had a spreadsheet of every game in the vault, one through, like, a thousand?
We tried this and got so wiped out trying to list every freaking game that we own that, no.
It spread out to imaginary numbers.
There was algebra involved and it wasn't pretty.
You had to use the E plus 10 and all that stuff to get the games in there.
I think it's a great idea.
Like, I think that would make an awesome, like, marathon idea.
Like, you know, I know, OLR, we've been teasing the idea of doing a marathon for, like, ten years.
But I think it would be great to, like, number all the games in the vault and then have our donators pick a random number.
And that would be the game we'd be forced to play.
Wouldn't that be fun, DarkSagra?
Yes.
Like, can you imagine if somebody-
As long as we don't put shit on the list.
Or, like, ET?
Do you own ET?
I think I do, actually.
Now, here's the other question.
Would each copy of Space Harrier get a number?
All right.
Next email.
Next up.
Oh, that was the one I just read.
They're very small.
This one comes from Will.
I strangely enjoy when Rob breaks into the show to give the VoG passphrase.
He sounds so serious.
That's it?
Today's password is cheeseball.
That's not really the password.
No.
I don't pick that.
The password-
It's randomly generated.
Yeah, the passphrases get picked for me after the show with a little thing that Bobby wrote.
Today's passcode is cock.
No, it's not.
Don't put that in the box.
She doesn't know it, because we don't know it's allowed in the show.
What if the weapon did pop up?
It's not going to have cock, because Bobby filtered all the adult words off of it, I'm sure.
Aw.
Dang it, Bobby.
It'll be spelled with a zero and a five in place of the S.
For April-
You know what, Bobby?
Remind me.
April Fool's Day next year, people who put naughty words in the box unlock a bar of soap trophy.
Can we make that happen?
All right.
Anyhow-
You got four months to work on it.
Here's a chance for me to re-pimp this, though, because we haven't talked about it in a while.
If you listen to the shows live at vognetwork.com, you can check into the show as the show is
happening and get your five vog points, which go for the loot.
And what do vog points get you?
Absolutely nothing.
It's just a fun-
But what does Foursquare and Facebook check-ins give you?
It's just a fun little game within a game.
Someday, there may be more to come from it in 2013.
We're throwing around ideas.
But for those that can't join us live, what we do is we put a passphrase somewhere in the show.
You might have already heard it earlier in the show.
You might hear it still coming up.
It's always in a random point in the show.
If you put that passphrase into a box you see on the front page of vognetwork.com,
you can get those same five points that you would have got if you listened live.
It's like you get the same credit.
So please note, you can't get the five points twice.
Although you still can check in just to register yourself as you listen to the podcast
and you listen live just to see if there were any differences.
But you don't get the extra points.
But anyhow, we hope you'll play along.
It's just a fun thing to do at vognetwork.com.
And we do look to adding some fun little note prizes.
Like maybe the person with the most amount of points will get to program the station for a day.
I'm throwing it out there.
These aren't actual things.
But we're looking at doing things like that.
Translated to give Bobby a migraine for a day.
And Tigerclaw and Act Deaf in chat remind us bragging rights is what you get.
Bragging rights.
I like note prizes like Marvel used to do where the people would just get a blank envelope.
I think maybe in 2013 what we should do, especially since we're all getting into,
like you're doing crocheting and all these different projects,
we should give our leaderboard leader every month a homemade prize.
That means I have to make it.
No, no. It doesn't have to be you every time. You can do one.
We can make something out of popsicle sticks.
But remember, there's more than just us on VOG.
Hello.
It could be like one week.
It could be maybe Brad from Pod Culture could send something homemade.
This is what we should do.
Have a contest. It starts in January.
Whoever gets the top of a leaderboard the most times in the period of a year
gets an orange beanie crocheted by me.
That could be one of the prizes.
No, I'm making this a contest.
We need to talk about this off-air first.
We've got to coordinate it with Bob.
Bobby is the game master after all.
He might be like, wait.
So we'll talk off-air.
But yes, we're going to keep enhancing the game.
It's always in progress.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Always in beta, just like Gmail.
Last email.
This comes from Travis.
Donovan?
No, not Donovan.
Hey, gang.
Haven't wrote or called in a while.
Thought I would drop a line and say, hey, I got a Wii U over the weekend
and heard Rob talking about his last episode.
I'm happy with it so far.
I have an 8-Yo, sorry, year-old, and he absolutely loves it.
Also, friends and family have a blast with it too.
Just wondering, after a week of having it, what do you think?
Rob, get out of the fridge.
Come answer the question.
I wanted an Oreo.
I want an Oreo.
Thank you.
You want an Oreo too, Rachel?
I'll get you an Oreo later.
I'm good.
All right.
Well, I talked about the Wii U at the top of the show.
I don't think I have a lot else to add.
I am not disappointed with my investment.
But, again, how important is Mario and Nintendo Land
and some of these like ZombiU?
How important are those games to you?
If you think you can wait on those games until 2013, then wait.
But if you want to play them now,
and you have the financial resources available to play them now,
then go get one.
It's fun.
Keep talking.
No, I'm done.
That's all I have to say on the Wii U.
I talked for like 40 minutes during part A.
Okay.
Oreos from the fridge are the best.
Okay.
Matt, you want one?
No.
I do not want an Oreo.
I'm pretty excited about Lego City, a new Zelda, and an F-Zero game.
Being a PlayStation fanboy and a PC gamer,
I have to say I'm not blown away, but still very impressed with it.
Those are all in caps.
How am I supposed to emote that?
Oh, by the way, my friend requested you,
but we'll have to do it again under a different name.
Long story short, I had to get a replacement system
as my first one I purchased was faulty.
Quoty.
Faulty.
That sucks.
You had some bad luck.
Done.
Jason is quick to correct me in the chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Gmail hasn't been in beta for more than a few years now.
Whatever.
We've been in beta for like, what, eight months?
Gmail was in beta for like six years.
We have a ways to go.
Hyperbole what now?
All right.
Let's get into the FUs of the week.
This is fucked up.
Now Rachel, since you're new to the FUs of the week,
I don't know if Jamie told you about this in the car ride,
but this is the part of the show where we just get to,
we just get to rant.
Why?
Well, because we have your attention.
And when I have your attention, I like to rant.
So it's the FUs of the week.
Uh, Dersogra.
I don't particularly have an FU.
Um, I have a thank you to someone for saving me the trouble
of doing what I planned on doing anyway.
Hiding a body?
No.
All right.
Uh, Loki.
I have to do the whole ride over here because for some reason,
like everybody was out to try to kill me or something on the road.
Like there's a dude, I hate it when they do this.
Like when there's people waiting to like pull out of an,
either like a plaza or like a driveway or something like that.
And they're like kind of trying to time it so that they just pull out
right after you pass, except they have no sense of timing whatsoever.
So it's like, oh, hey, you're coming.
I'm backing out right now.
You know, and you have to dive into the other lane.
So I had that happen twice on the way here.
And then there was, um, what was the other dude?
Oh, some other dude that was drifting into my lane.
It's just paying fucking attention, people.
Seriously, you're going to kill somebody and hopefully not me.
Uh, my FU of the week goes to Oreos for being so delicious and addicting.
Oh my God.
But no, the other thing about that is I want to give an FU to the fact
that I never got to have the birthday cake Oreos because they disappeared
from shelves so fast and, and real problems, guys.
I never got to have the candy corn Oreos because they disappeared
from shelves so fast.
Why can't I make these special Oreos if I can't find them?
And while I'm at it, FU to the fact that there are no pumpkin kisses
this, this year.
That is a travesty.
True travesty.
Didn't you hold on to like a pack of those for like six months?
I did, and they were still delicious.
Sorry, not sorry.
I, I partook of them too.
eBay changed their logo.
Yeah, like months ago.
Yeah, but I looked at eBay and fuck.
All right.
And last but not least, Rachel, do you have any FUs you want to get out?
Uh, you know, I'd like to say FU to Michael Bay cause you know,
you can never FU that guy enough.
You know, on eBay, they are.
That is a worthy first FU.
Good job.
Good job.
You know, on eBay, they are selling those candy corn Oreos.
Fuck eBay.
And limited edition, like 15 bucks.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Rob Roberts, try the gingerbread Oreos.
They have gingerbread Oreos.
I need this in my life.
Ermahgerd.
I need this in my life.
Ermahgerd.
Let's go to some more stories.
I need a cat in my life, Rob.
And then you at 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Loki.
So, the studio that puts out Football Manager 2013 says that, you know,
their efforts to stop piracy by adding DRM has actually benefited them.
They are saying that, you know, Football Manager 12 was pirated within the first two weeks of its release.
However, because, you know, not day one cause of their DRM.
They said, though, that the extra sales that they got at the time had helped them have new staff members for this year's release for Football Manager 13.
And, you know, had they been pirated day one, they probably wouldn't have the money to have the extra staff.
So, yeah, right now, I guess the new game has a new DRM system and as of right now hasn't been cracked.
Although, they haven't, I don't know when it came out.
And they said that if they can hold on for three or four more weeks, then it'll really benefit retailers and themselves.
Is it working?
I mean, it's good when it works in the effort to, you know, get people to actually legitimately buy your copies of your games.
However, when you have it implemented in a way like Ubisoft does, where it hurts the actual consumers that buy your games and kind of punishes them.
Whereas, you know, the person that has the cracked copy has no issues and that's the problem.
So, you just kind of have to find that happy medium in there.
I kind of think it's interesting how they talk about that like, you know, as long as we can hold off like three weeks before we get cracked, then we'll be good.
We'll still sell a lot of copies of the game.
I find it interesting that they just kind of give in to the fact that like, yeah, hackers gonna hack, they're gonna get into the game eventually.
But, it also, you know, that mentality that the majority, the vast majority of games are in their first week.
So, I find it very interesting that it's like, as long as we can hold off to week three, enough people will have bought it by then, whatever, at that point.
Very interesting.
But, yeah, I also agree with what Loki said.
As long as, you know, anti-piracy, you gotta do what you gotta do, but as long as it works.
So, alright, moving on to one more story tonight.
I can't believe this, but if you're in Finland, you've got some weird taste, that's all I gotta say.
No offense, but you guys have some weird taste.
Does it say panties?
No, well, yes, but it means something different in Finnish.
Anyway, she's referring to what is written on the can for Angry Birds Soda.
You know, Angry Birds has been licensed for everything.
I'm sure there's Angry Birds diapers at this point and whatever, even here in America.
But, over in Finland, they have Angry Birds Soda, and here's the crazy thing about it.
It's actually outselling Coke and Pepsi in Finland.
What?
Alright, then.
Peter Vesterbakka from Rovio says that the soda will make its way to Australia and New Zealand in the near future.
And they say it will probably come to the US eventually as well.
So, could Angry Birds someday outsell Coke and Pepsi here in America?
I can only hope it's smelt flavored.
In Alabama, everything is a Coke.
It doesn't matter what drink it is, it's Coke.
So, I doubt it.
Unless you're in the Midwest, then it becomes pop.
Everything's pop.
Oh, I hate that.
Oh, it's like nails on chalkboard.
I hate pop.
I hate...
Pop is what you do to bubblegum.
Not soda.
How about soda pop?
No!
Soda pop was the name of one of the boxers in the original Punch Out.
And that's where it stays.
It's gonna be weird one of these days when Mario becomes less recognizable to Red Bird.
Give the birds fucking names!
I mean, seriously.
They're just...
It's gonna continue a trend of streamlining the shape and the name to the point where
it's just gonna be a dot on the screen and it will be because it's, you know, spelling
the entire word is tiring.
The Skype line is now open at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is ORANGELOUNGERADIO,
all one word.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, ORANGELOUNGERADIO, all one word.
The Skype line is open.
And there you go, Nintendo.
Nintendo, you could totally rip off Angry Birds by creating Bullet Bills and then having,
you know, its own game, you know, where you're just firing Bullet Bills and have them, I
don't know, do something.
You can combat this.
Any last minute stories while we wait for some calls to come in?
I'll get to the Twitters in a minute, but...
Yeah, actually there was a few things coming out of MineCon because that just happened
this weekend.
Oh, was that this weekend?
Yes, it was.
Oh, well hold that thought because we got a call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Launch Radio.
I think you're muted.
Hello, hello.
One more time.
Oh, you got to call it.
Go one, two, three.
All right.
Let's try another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Duke Newcomb.
I was wondering what's your guys' favorite Thanksgiving item because I don't think it's
been mentioned yet this episode.
Duke Newcomb wants to know what is everybody's favorite Thanksgiving item because we haven't
mentioned it yet this episode.
What a good question.
I'm so happy it has absolutely nothing to do with video games, but we like to take a
break once in a while.
What's more important than video games, Duke Newcomb?
Food.
Food.
That's the answer.
What did you say?
Never mind.
You said what?
I said what's more important than video games, Duke Newcomb?
Pie.
No, the answer is pie.
No, the answer is cocks.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
Let's go around and get everybody's...
Sorry, my phone is going out.
That's all right.
That's all right.
We'll go around and get everybody's answers here for you.
So what is everybody's favorite Thanksgiving item?
Dark Sakura.
Garrus.
Cooked Garrus?
No.
Oh, cooked?
Calibrated to a crisp brown...
You know, it has to be actually the chocolate chip pumpkin pie that Becky helped me make.
Chocolate chip pumpkin pie.
It was epic.
All right.
All right.
Rachel.
Turkey skin.
Wait, what?
Duke Newcomb?
Somebody has to claim the bacon-wrapped turkey.
Yes, that's right.
All right.
That's just nasty.
Swanson, yes.
I'm sorry.
And one more time, Rachel, because I got distracted by you.
It's turkey skin.
Turkey skin.
You have to say it like that, because otherwise, what is even the point?
All right.
Loki.
Mashed potatoes.
Mashed potatoes.
Are we good mashed potatoes?
But the Swanson sounds awesome.
All right.
My answer is the pumpkin mousse dessert that Allen makes.
And there might be some in the fridge right now for after the show.
Just saying.
So there you go.
Those are our answers.
What's your favorite Thanksgiving food, Duke Newcomb?
Yams.
Yams and pumpkin pie.
I don't know why.
It's just like they have this sweet yet sour kind of flavor, the way my grandma makes them.
She puts a little bit of lemon juice in there.
It's just like this thing that you don't have any other day of the year.
And you always look forward to it.
Just that one dish is worth the other 364 days.
That's a really sweet, sentimental answer.
But I can tell that you're an imposter, Duke Newcomb, because the real Duke Newcomb would have said,
My favorite Thanksgiving food is kicking ass.
No.
His favorite Thanksgiving food would be bubble gum.
He would be chewing it.
The one day of the year he actually gets to chew gum.
All right.
Any other thoughts for the listeners before I let you go?
No.
Just happy holidays, you guys.
And keep on listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
I love this show.
We will keep listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
You too.
I don't listen to this damn thing anybody else in the show says.
I'm sorry.
What's that?
He said the listeners, not the people who are putting it out there, of course.
Not you guys.
You guys are the hosts.
Fine.
I'll stop listening.
Seriously.
Fuck those guys.
All right.
No.
We really appreciate it, Duke Newcomb.
Thank you.
Thanks for the question and take care.
Yeah.
Take care.
Bye.
You know what?
It's fun to get a non-gaming question once in a while.
It says politicians are the weeds of the galaxy for ten bucks.
I want one.
1877 game OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
So, MineCon, Loki.
Yes.
So, there's a few things from MineCon.
First off, there's some details about patch update 1.4 or 1.5.
And that's going to be called the Redstone update.
It's supposed to be coming out in January.
And some of the features they're going to be adding are analog Redstone switches,
which is kind of cool.
They're going to be doing some tweaks.
They're going to have a new capacitor block.
Also, they're saying variable signal strength stuff,
as well as some additions to the minecarts,
ways to link minecarts together.
Also, they're saying they're going to have a special block
that's going to allow people to dump off cargo.
It sounds like a lot of stuff that are kind of inspired by Tekkit,
where they're going to have piping systems for you moving stuff to chests
and that kind of thing.
Pretty cool.
And also some new Nether-based ore that I guess will be used to make capacitors.
All right, let me hold that thought while we go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio.
Who's this?
This is the dead call again.
I think you're muted.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Goodbye.
Let's try another one here.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio.
Who's this?
This is the one and only Ranma.
Hey, Ranma.
I'm a good runmer.
Ermahger Uche.
How you doing, Ranma?
Alive, awake, stuffed, and full.
Full of what?
Ermahger Thanksgiving dinner.
What's your favorite Thanksgiving meal or Thanksgiving dish?
Sweet potato pie.
Sweet potatoes.
Oh, lovely.
Sweet potatoes.
Our Friendsgiving had mashed sweet potatoes.
Good stuff.
So what's on your mind, buddy?
Why'd you call?
Well, first off, in response to talking about eating Oreos earlier, I can't eat one.
It's considered cannibalism.
Do not repeat the joke you made in chat.
I don't want an explicit tag this week.
I'll leave it just like that.
All right.
I know, this is a PG-13 podcast.
Yes, yes, exactly.
Well, what else is on your mind?
However, I'll allow you to say it if you get me that $65 Garris figure.
Don't listen to her.
You have to talk to my accountant right now, so yeah.
So what's going on in your gaming world, Ranma?
Not too much.
The only game I've been doing has been on my tablet.
And I was checking eBay on Saturday and I'm like, wow.
I really kind of feel bad for those people who sit on those long lines to grab a Wii U
just to flip it because you know what?
That was going to be me.
I ain't got pity in the world for those people.
Even if you had done it yourself, Ranma, I would have said, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey, Ranma.
Yes.
Ha.
Because the most expensive one I saw was $405 with 70 bids.
Wow.
Well, I mean, it's just either people are resisting or it's not that hard to come by right now.
You can still find basics on shelves in some places and some people are just saying,
you know what, I'd rather buy a basic than buy from an eBay flipper.
I know.
And I remember during the whole Wii U sales, they were going as high as $2,500, $3,000.
And I saw ads where you would get Wii, all the released games, 5.1 surround sound system, 50 inch LCD TV.
I'll dress up as Santa and bring it to your house and deliver it for your kids on Christmas day.
Good lord, how much did that go for?
Those were going as high as $3,000.
That's not a bad deal for all that shit.
I expect to see something like that run the holidays for the Wii U.
Rama, will you dress up as Santa and come over to my house and give out the presents?
Does it come with full release?
Wow.
Does my visit from Santa come with a happy ending?
Rob, that was bad and you should feel bad.
I do.
It ain't black Santa.
It's Mary Kwanzaa, fool.
I pity the fool that don't like candles.
How's that?
Close enough.
It's time for me to wear my Mary Kwanzaa bitches shirt again.
How about I send you over to Jamie's house on Christmas because that would be hilarious.
If you send me to Jamie's house for Christmas, I might not leave because you know she has that Southern cooking I love.
You know I can do it too.
I will make grits and mashed potatoes.
I'm not going to totally advertise this to all the listeners everywhere, but Alan and I have been talking about starting a new Christmas tradition out of the one we started last year.
And that is taking our Jewish friends to Asian food on Christmas.
That's right, we did that.
We did that last year.
We went out for pho, didn't we?
Yeah, we didn't. So Alan and I want to extend that again this year.
I'm down for that.
We might try to get some other people to come along this year.
We even sort of made a half joke.
Two gay men and a Jew walk into a Vietnamese restaurant.
It's a new sitcom. Two gay men and a Jew at a Vietnamese restaurant.
I don't know the punchline, but there's one in there somewhere.
Jumas has been a long-timing tradition in my house for the last seven years.
Chris Maquanzica.
There you go.
There you go.
All right, Rama.
I was calling it holiday mass.
Mary Festivus to you.
The rest of us.
The rest of us.
If there's nothing else, then I'm going to let you go.
Works for me.
All right, take care, buddy.
Later.
Bye.
I'm telling you guys, the Oreo joke was really bad.
All right, that's going to do it for the Skypline.
We're running way over three hours tonight, so I'm going to wrap it up.
Sorry to those that didn't get through, but if you didn't get through,
you should send us an email.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Or you can always send us a tweet or any of that stuff.
I want to let Loki finish up the last minute stories.
All right.
I've got to get to Twitter topics, too.
One last thing.
There was another app that was announced called Minecraft Reality.
It's an augmented reality app for iOS,
and it can display 3D Minecraft images in the real world,
and you can walk around them and stuff.
It looked pretty cool from the little trailer that they had.
You can check that out.
It's two bucks to download.
All right.
I actually have a last minute story because this just finished
while we were doing the show tonight.
The Kickstarter for the Shadow Gate reboot has ended,
and they made it.
So the Shadow Gate reimagining is going to be happening.
Which one?
The one that we talked about.
Oh, Shadow Gate. I'm sorry.
Shadow Gate, not Shadow Run.
How many of those do they have?
The old school NES game and Mac game from back in the day,
deja vu, et cetera.
Not only did they make their $120,000 for the base game,
but they made their first stretch goal of $130,000,
meaning they're going to expand on the castle
and add some rooms and puzzles, 15% more game.
So pretty cool.
Congratulations to the team there who make Shadow Gate.
Let's get to the Twitter topics.
I'm really excited about that Shadow Gate reboot, though.
Actually, that's only the second Kickstarter I've ever given to.
So I've done GamerCon, and I did that one.
So we'll see.
There's part of me that wants to give to the Molyneux project,
but then I'm like, that guy is such a...
The advertisement, again, really, really turned me off a little bit.
All right.
Let's see.
Going to some tweets.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
ActDeft wants to remind us the Gold Nunchuck
will make its return to Club Nintendo tomorrow.
900 points for the Golden Nunchuck,
because they need to get rid of them.
I really need this in my life, Rob.
You don't understand.
What, the Golden Nunchuck?
No.
What?
The Garris figure that's...
A sex doll.
Hm?
That's what?
A sex doll.
No.
It's...
Someone linked it to me for cheaper.
All right.
And let's see.
Moving on to the next tweet from Tigerclaw.
Oh, I did read about this.
007 Legends studio Eurocom laid off a big chunk of its staff this week,
and he links us to a story I'm trying to bring up right now.
The Eurocom studio, which is based in the UK,
laid off the majority of its workforce as part of restructuring.
The studio has been around since 88.
Yeah, they made a lot of games besides just this,
but that's...
They also did 007 Reloaded and then, of course, Legends,
which wasn't very well received, unfortunately.
Eurocom director Hugh Binns said that, quote,
Eurocom are undertaking a restructuring,
which I regret to say has meant we've made the majority of our workforce
redundant today.
That's the British word for laying off.
This includes many very experienced, talented, and highly skilled employees,
and we'd like to thank them all for your hard work and efforts.
And they say this is because of the decline in the video game market.
The studio had to cancel a number of projects.
That sucks.
And lastly, SSJ100Matt sends us a tweet about,
we all know playing games while driving is a terrible idea,
but one game is trying to change that.
BrightDriver is what it's called.
It's an iPhone app called BrightDriver.
It's a platform that supports audio games people play in the car
to keep their attention from lagging during long rides.
It uses GPS functionality to keep track of the user's driving
using metrics like speed, break rate, and stressful conditions like traffic,
and the games modify their pace appropriately.
That is crazy.
That's kind of cool, like an audio game that you interact with.
I want to hear more about this.
I'll have to read the rest of the story for a future week,
but that sounds kind of cool.
So that's it for the tweets tonight at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And this means we're at the end of the show.
Rachel, thank you very much for coming to the show tonight.
Thank you for having me.
And sitting in. Come back any time.
I surely will.
And we'll talk to you again.
It may have taken you 480 episodes to get here,
but it doesn't look like we're going to go anywhere any time soon.
Duke Nukem told us we need to keep listening,
so I guess we're here for a little while.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Quick plug?
Sure, of course.
Greetings from the wasteland at WordPress.
I do creepypasta, and I do write about video games occasionally.
There you go. Awesome.
Um, Loki, any last thoughts, final thoughts from you tonight?
I just, I don't know.
Hopefully we'll be playing some Black Ops 2 multiplayer this week,
aside from just, you know, myself and my coworker.
Alrighty.
Uh, DarkSagra.
Someone really needs to get me the Geras figure.
I'm not even kidding.
Does it come with full release?
Yeah, does it come with Tumblr rendered vajay?
Alright.
And, uh, my final thought tonight, as always,
thank you all for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you enjoyed the show, please tell a friend or two or 20 about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we don't have any major websites behind us.
Or, I mean, we have the VoG network, but let's be real,
it's not exactly a 1UP.com or a giant bomb.
So, uh, you know, help spread the word.
A website that generates revenue.
Exactly, exactly.
It's a fun project.
But you know what?
There are more great shows on VoG.
It is not just us.
There are lots and lots of great shows on VoG.
Bobby Black Wolf before us, Sunday nights.
Uh, Understation Live on Saturday nights.
Mondays are full of Pod Culture, British Invaders, and Critical Myth.
Critical Myth, the hardworking guys, they're on three times a week on the network.
Anime Jam session on Tuesday.
Uh, Girls Gone Wow on Wednesday.
And Horde House, they're okay.
Also on Wednesday.
So, there you go, yes.
As Black Wolf says in chat, VoG network.
It's a website.
That's a good final thought.
It's a website.
We'll see you next time.
On our website.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune in to VoGnetwork.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoG network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
