Tonight, November 4th, 2012, Sony reports a loss of close to $200 million.
Details emerge on Nintendo Network Premium, and one vice president of a retail gaming
company pleads guilty to embezzlement.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 480 for this November the 4th of 2012.
I hope for those of you guys that go out and do stuff on Halloween, you had a good Halloween,
and I can't believe it, but now is that time of year where we start seeing all the Christmas
stuff show up in stores and all that fa la la la la la la, and I'm sure wanting to comment
on that is the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I still haven't seen any Hanukkah stuff, and Hanukkah is like two weeks before Christmas.
It's just, it's not fair.
I think that it's bigotry, it's prejudice.
To be fair, I haven't seen any Festivus polls, so they're hating on Festivus 2, so.
Oh my god.
Anyhow.
I just saw a funny thing in chat, so I'm not gonna say it because I'm not talking about
politics.
Alright.
Thank gosh.
Alright.
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Excellent.
What's new with you?
How was your week?
It's been alright.
Yeah?
Lots of Minecraft.
Lots of Minecraft.
You were showing me, okay tell me about this little thing you were, this was cool, this
map thing you were showing me before the show.
How does that work?
How can our listeners check this out?
You can check it out.
This new website I made for the VoG Minecraft server, it's basically because I get free
website hosting for having the Minecraft server being hosted by this company, and I needed
a webpage to put this map plugin on, so it's, if you go to vogmc.co.cc, and that will pull
up the, it's a plugin called dynamic map, and basically it's almost in real time.
There's a little bit of, there's some glitches, like I've noticed a few blocks not updating,
but it's pretty much in real time, and it shows just everything that's on the server.
You can take a peek and see what people are building, and just kind of how things look.
Maybe get you interested in joining up on the server, because it's fun.
So we've got that, but yeah, check it out.
You can even see when people are playing, you can see them moving around and where they're
at and stuff like that, and you can watch chat, so it's kind of fun.
That's kind of neat, that you can do that all live, and I like being able to see kind
of the, like, just isometric view, and I even found my house on there, you helped, but I
was able to find the house and all that stuff.
Yeah, I haven't gotten around to labeling everything yet, like some people's places,
I don't know who built them, you know.
I know, I was like, Loki, what's that?
I don't know.
Loki, what's that?
I don't know.
It's like, I've seen that there, I just don't remember, and there was one time I did see
who built it, but I don't remember who it was, because they were standing there, idling,
and I just, I didn't remember, because some people are not, you know, responsible enough
to label their houses with signs, so I know who's, you know, building what.
Your roller coaster is epic too, by the way.
It's pretty large.
I haven't ridden it yet.
I'm still not going to play it until someone buys it for me.
But I, what she's not going to tell you is that when she saw the map and was looking
at everything, she was like, okay, maybe I do need to play this.
No, no.
She's starting to turn around a little bit.
Yeah.
Loki's magic is working a little bit.
I'm going to put my foot down, when someone buys it for me, then I'll play it.
All right, well, maybe Hanukkah Harry will bring you a copy.
I'd rather have the N7 hoodie.
All right.
Um, let's see, other kickoff topics I wanted to talk about tonight.
I did not realize, Loki, you did not go see the big movie that everybody in the gaming
world's talking about this weekend, Wreck-It Ralph.
What stopped you from going?
You see all the big new movies.
No, I don't actually.
You usually do.
I used to before I had a kid.
Oh, is that, well, this is a kid's movie, sorta.
Well, I just, I didn't get a chance to go see it.
I mean, I still want to see it, but it's just, I haven't gotten to go see it yet.
All right.
Well, I thought I'd start off with this topic tonight cause a lot of people talking about
this movie.
It was good.
It was good.
Wreck-It Ralph, uh, was the top of the box office this weekend and made 49.1 million.
That is the estimate for on today, Sunday, the day we are recording.
And apparently they're crediting its performance, which was very good.
It's the highest Disney animation classic opening ever.
I want to note it was, even though it looked like a Pixar movie, it was not a Pixar movie.
So it did not beat all the Pixar movies, but it did be all of the Disney classics, which
includes Tangled, which was also kind of that same animation style.
If you saw that movie, but it made 49.1 million, at least that's the estimate.
Now the interesting thing is they are crediting Hurricane Sandy for some of the reason why
it did so well, because a lot of kids didn't have school on Friday.
A lot of people wanted to just get away, you know, out of the nightmare that they'd been
living the past week and go see a movie.
So they're actually saying it was part of the reason it had a little bit of a boost.
But I don't know.
I mean, I, I just know a lot of people that I know were really interested in seeing this
movie and it really did seem like the type of thing that was geared at families as well
as, you know, it had the classic stuff was great.
The references, if you caught them, I have to go see it again.
I'm going to try to phrase this without spoiling it.
I saw it too.
And I had a great time.
And I think the great thing about it is that, well, obviously I like two things and we talk
about it a lot on this show, video games and Disney.
And this movie was really both.
The neat thing about it is that it wasn't really about the video games.
It was, but it wasn't like, there's a lot of people asking, why isn't Mario in the movie?
Why is Bowser in the movie and not Mario?
And the real answer is that he's expensive, but I think there's another layer to it.
And that is if Mario had been in the movie, it would have been kind of distracting because
this movie is not about Mario.
It's about these made up characters that exist in this universe with all the characters that
we love.
So I kind of think it was neat that it was this very traditional Disney story.
And for all practical purposes, it was pretty formulaic for the rest of the Disney movies.
Not that that's a bad thing.
But you know, it was kind of what you'd expect from a Disney movie.
But it took place in this universe that co-exists alongside Street Fighter, Qbert, you know,
Sega games, all these other things.
What did you think about them going to the Tapper?
Oh, I thought that was great.
Yeah.
I thought about you when I saw that.
Where they reference Tapper.
And one of my friends sitting next to me was like, is Tapper a real game?
I'm like, oh, my God, how old are you?
I'm like, I'm way older than you.
I remember Tapper when it was in the arcades.
Dan completely jumped at the and I'm not going to say any more than this, the road blasters.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
And we thought of what the the one thing was supposed to be a reference to as far as another
game.
It actually was related to another game.
Rally X.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So and there was lots of little references and I don't want to spoil everything, but
I will say, if you haven't seen the movie yet, you plan on seeing it soon.
A stay till the very, very, very end of the credits.
Yes.
For a little, you know, like most movies, it's not a big thing, but it's one of those
things that when you see it, you'll be like, oh, that's clever.
That's funny.
L.O.L.
And then also, crap, what else is I going to say?
I don't know.
The graffiti.
Keep an eye out for the various graffiti.
There's so many little jokes on the side.
And actually, you can see Princess Peach and Princess Toadstool like totally in the movie,
but they're like in the background.
It's it.
But it's them.
It's totally.
There was the one scene with the one walking with the two with Chinley walking with the
two princesses, but neither of them were.
Peter, I think one of one of them was in blue.
I think one was day.
Oh, probably Pauline.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Pauline.
So very interesting.
Let's go to our chat room.
I'm being a very bad boy and I did not introduce our chat yet, but we do love our live chatters.
We love the podcast listeners.
We also have the people that join us live every Sunday night at the voice voice of Geeks
Network or vog network dot com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six Pacific and nine o'clock Eastern right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we have a live chat room that you can chat along with us at live dot vog network
dot com.
And Game Guru in chat says it was Daisy and Rosalina.
That's the name.
I couldn't think of her name.
It was Rosalina.
Pauline was Donkey Kong.
Yeah.
Pauline was Donkey Kong, but I thought they retroactively made her a princess or something.
I thought there was some retcon.
She was wearing pink.
It's like the same thing where everybody's like, oh, Leia is a Disney princess now.
Leia is a Disney princess.
That's the way I just think that that's funny.
Hold on.
Put the brakes on that chat.
We'll get there in a minute.
But meanwhile, let's see.
Dan Shadow in our chat room says, I hate end credits crap.
I hate end credits crap.
Do you hate end credits crap?
I love it.
I actually make a habit of staying through the credits regardless, because I think that
a lot of people behind the scenes put a lot of hard work in the movie and that's sort
of my nod to them and that.
And I hear good music.
I check the soundtrack listings.
I downloaded the soundtrack in the theater.
I had a room, AKB 48.
I had a roommate in college that was very much like you, where it was like whenever
we would go to see the movies, it's like, nope, we're not leaving till after the credits
was over.
And it was nothing about bonus scenes or anything like that.
It was just, no, we're going to watch the entire movie.
And I was like, all right, I guess everybody's got their thing.
You don't want it.
You don't want to get the jump on getting out of here.
Get parking lot.
All right.
All right.
We'll stay and watch the credits.
It's fine.
So I think that's that's fine though.
Let's see.
What is to see some people talking about the wizard.
Raginator says, so Wreck-It Ralph was about as much about video games as the wizard was
then.
In a funny way, yes.
I kind of don't like acknowledging that that reference works because the wizard was a very
different type of movie.
And for all practical purposes, let's be real.
It wasn't a very good movie.
We just, we remember it being awesome because we were kids and it had that look at Super
Mario three and you know, the power glove, it's so bad and all that like commercial shit
that's like, you know, shoved down your throat.
Wreck-It Ralph didn't really have that.
Like Wreck-It Ralph wasn't the Wii.
It wiggles.
Now I did see a Wii U commercial in the theater before the movie.
That's the only time I've seen a Wii U commercial.
Somebody was asking, they only have one.
Somebody was asking on Twitter today, like, why are there not Wii U commercials on TV
and all this stuff?
I'm like, I saw one in the movie theater.
Putting it before Wreck-It Ralph seems like a nice place to do it.
You know what?
They did this thing for Cartoon Network live TV shows.
And my husband was like, I miss that commercial that ran for five years with What's-Her-Face.
What was it?
The Closer?
Or something?
But then they showed the Ultimate Geek trailer because you know how lately, I don't know
if every theater in America does this, but at least all the ones around here do.
They have that thing called the Fathom Events where it's like the Metropolitan Night at
the Opera or I think Riff Tracks does their stuff through Fathom Events.
But here's the big thing they're doing at the end of November.
They're doing two episodes of Star Trek The Next Generation in HD.
People cheered.
And everybody in the theater cheered.
And we're like.
Because it's geeks.
This one is DS9, bitches.
But just for the record, I still want to go to that.
Just saying.
We need to make plans November 29th because I love Star Trek The Next Generation.
All right.
Let's see.
What else?
What else did I want to say about the movie?
I don't know.
I liked it quite a bit.
You know, again, it's not like shoving the video games in your face, but I'm really glad
that this part of pop culture is just.
It's there and it's being acknowledged without it being niche.
And it's really cool now that, you know, I think there's a lot of parents out there who
remember a lot of these games from when they were younger.
And now we need a TV series, right?
Well, it will be interesting to see if the movie continues to do well.
I heard it had a very large budget, so it has a lot of money to make up.
But if the movie does well, which, you know, if it's had a bigger opening than Tangled
and there's really not a lot of competition for the movie coming till Thanksgiving, it
stands to do pretty well.
It will be interesting to see, does this mean sequel?
Does this mean Disney Park integration is possible?
They're putting a Tangled thing into Disneyland.
The expanded Fantasyland is going to have a Tangled section to it.
So could Wreck-It Ralph come to Tomorrowland?
Could the arcade, you know, which is kind of a bummer because I was hoping it would
be Tron, but I do love it.
Let's hope.
Let's hope.
I hope.
I don't doubt the other world.
All right, let's quickly talk about the other nerd news that came out this week before we
get into video games, because this does affect video games a tiny, tiny bit, but I am positive
you all have heard this, but if for some reason you've been just like locked away in a nuclear
fallout shelter for the past, you know, week, Disney bought LucasArts this week and they
paid what, $4.5 billion for it and promptly announced they're making Star Wars Episode
7 and obviously this meets hugely mixed fanboy reaction.
Did you hear the other side of that?
Lucas turned around and donated the money to education.
He said he's going to donate it to education.
He hasn't done it yet.
He just announced plans to.
By education he means an educator, which is Indiana Jones, which he owns, but it's just
donated to himself.
Well, I don't want to be morbid, but does that mean he's going to die?
Because like, isn't that a little weird that he's like offloading it all?
Well, he's probably just ready to retire.
He's keeping his Marin properties.
So the game developing building and his ranch, the Skywalker Ranch, is staying under his
property, including everything that's on it, but the company itself, because he wanted
to build a movie theater in Marin County and all the people with their nose in the air
said, well, it is Marin County.
Yeah.
So, so I think that had something to do with it, but yeah, one story.
But no, no, no, it's fine.
But here's the thing.
Besides the Star Wars thing, which personally, I thank God somebody took it away from Lucas.
Let's be real.
Indiana Jones.
How can it be worse than the prequels?
How will it possibly be worse than the prequels?
I don't care if it is Mickey and Goofy, you know, which it won't be.
We all know it won't be.
How can it possibly be worse than the prequels?
There was a statement too that it's changing the canon from the books.
Well, I seem to remember.
Who reads books nowadays?
Well, it's not a lot of people that are in those days.
I realized that they, people want those Star Wars books to be adapted, but I seem to recall
around the time the prequels came out, there were many interviews with George Lucas where
he said, when he did the first trilogy, he always planned for there to be three trilogies
and the recurring characters that would be an online movies would be C3PO and R2D2.
And there'd be a trilogy before the original trilogy and there'd be a trilogy after the
original trilogy.
And he always said that it was going to be nine movies.
But then when he was making the prequels, he was like, you know what?
I don't think there's going to be anything else after this.
But now that he's actually the creative consultant or whatever, my thought is Disney's going
to take his outline for the nine movies or the seven, eight, nine movies and make that
which...
Better dialogue.
Yeah.
And he told, it's out there that he talked with Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher last year
about this.
They're way too old to reprise the roles unless it's way set in the future.
Or they said that Luke Skywalker could be the Obi-Wan Kenobi type of the new movies
and that would make a lot of sense.
But the reoccurring characters would be C3PO and R2D2 because they're androids, they don't
die.
And that makes a lot of sense.
But I'm curious enough, anyhow, sorry, I didn't mean to get on a movie tangent.
The big thing is that if they're going to, I mean, for them to realistically have those
people play the same characters, they're going to have to change the book canon anyway.
Which honestly, the book canon was going way too crazy and I couldn't even deal with it.
Rageinator says, how can it be worse?
This is how episode seven can be centered around Jar Jar.
It can't.
Seven will be after the original trilogy.
Jar Jar will be dead.
In fact, I want to point this out.
If you think that Disney's going to fuck up Star Wars, you need to go ride the new Star
Tours ride because the best ending on that's because you know, the Star Wars ride has the
multiple endings.
The best ending is the one where they go to Jar Jar's planet because somebody, somebody
shoots him.
Disney shot Jar Jar and you all are pissed.
By the way, Rob, your nerd logic doesn't make sense.
Let it go.
By the way, I finally got Hoth.
Oh, did you?
It was awesome.
Yeah, it is awesome.
The ice plan is the best.
But anyhow, uh, let's see, uh, that, uh, that, uh, that, uh, YYR says Star Wars episode seven
begins with the assassination of Jar Jar Binks.
You're welcome.
Uh, no, he won't be in it at all.
They're just going to look past it.
Uh, as you want to get gunk and live for hundreds of years, SSJ 100, Matt says, just please
don't have JJ Abrams direct the next three.
That would be weird because that's like the crossing the streams thing.
You don't cross Trek and Wars.
Like I've seen a lot of people campaigning for Zachary Quinto to be a villain in Star
Wars.
He can't, he's locked into Trek and I just, I think there is this nerd thing.
You don't cross Trek and Wars.
You can't do it.
However, it is completely hilarious to sing Star Trek in, in line for Star, Star Wars.
Just saying, especially when you get the cast members singing along with you.
Um, let's see, uh, the Rob D says Han and Leia's kids have a complete story.
Seriously.
The books go so far into the future that the story of their kids has been told.
I think it would make a lot of sense.
I swear we'll get to games.
I brought this up to talk games and I'm talking movies and I'm always more of a Trek fan than
a Wars fan.
But I think it would make a lot of sense for the Star Wars next trilogy to be about the
children of Luke Skywalker because the books that were about Han and Leia's kids, but that
doesn't mean it has to be on the books.
Get away from the book.
The books are not being turned into movies.
Mara Jade is in it.
I'm happy.
The books will not be turned into movies.
Period.
Mara Jade needs to be in it.
You're stretching it.
That may happen only because they ended up calling one of the planets Kors Kont in the
prequels because that came from the books.
Yeah.
So they also referenced it in, I think the first one.
Oh, anyway.
Uh, Tiger Claw says, how about Joss Whedon directing Star Wars?
I could go with that.
Um, I think while that would make a lot of nerds happy, why don't you give him the time
to do all this stuff with the Avengers?
Like he's one guy.
He can't, he can't do everything nerd.
Um, I would, I'd like to see some of these, um, Oh God, I'm going to get, I'm going to
get so much shit for this, but I think it would be really cool to get somebody like
one of the, um, uh, Harry Potter directors that made the really looking forward to Tim
Burton's adaptation.
No, no, no, no, no.
Alfonso Cuaron who did the third, um, Guillermo del Toro, although he didn't do a Harry Potter
movie, but he's, you know, Pan's Labyrinth and all the stuff he does.
Yeah.
All right.
Look, the quick thing I wanted to say, and then I swear we'll get to video games.
This is about video games.
When Disney bought Lucas arts, they didn't just buy Star Wars.
That's all everybody's talking about.
Cause they announced Star Wars episode seven, but they, what do they get with this?
They get Indiana Jones, they get American graffiti, ha ha ha.
They get all the Lucas arts games belong to Disney now, although I kind of doubt Disney's
going to do anything with it.
Maniac mansion.
That's right.
Disney now owns maniac mansion.
I doubt they'll do anything with it, but they did say they were very interested in developing
the games in the mobile and social space.
I would love to see an animated maniac mansion movie, but they'll probably continue to contract
with other developers to do Star Wars on the console.
Now if we're talking like Tim Burton, that is a movie that Tim Burton would be perfect
doing maniac mansion.
Oh, that would be awesome.
And uh, Oh, good points in our chat room.
Dan shadow says ILM.
That's very true.
Tiger class says Skywalker sound.
So Disney picks up all that.
That's great.
And again, I'm just going to say, how can it get, how can it get any worse than it already
was?
And what I mean by that is if you have played that Star Wars connect game, have you played
that Star Wars connect game?
I just, because I'm smart enough to know that it's terrible.
I just want to remind you be quiet advertisement.
I just want to remind you of a little sequence that's in the, uh, in the star Wars connect
game.
And that is the dance battle to I'm Han solo.
Let me play a little clip of that.
Just there's a bunch.
All of the songs are easily terrible.
Just to remind you how bad things can be.
Just want to remind you that here
have you seen this board?
Our saga, this star Wars connect game
and that's going to get worse under Disney.
It can't get worse at famous last words.
It can't get worse.
Disney owns the rights to Howard, the duck, however, they actually do own Howard, the
duck because they own Marvel.
All right.
Rageinator says, just wait.
Disney will buy the rights to rock your picture show next.
And then they'll blend star Wars and rock your picture show and sky would probably squeak.
No, that wouldn't happen because that would involve buying 20th century Fox.
And I think, I think there's laws set up for that big of an acquisition.
Let's see.
Rama says.
Disney makes Marvel a former shell of itself.
Oh, oh yeah.
Disney really fucked up Marvel with that Avengers movie.
They were, oh yeah, that, that was terrible.
Oh, and Disney really fucked them up.
It's over.
Yeah.
That new Muppets movie was really bad compared to the last couple dot, dot, dot.
Is your mic off?
My mic was off.
Sorry.
Now they just need to buy the mega moon franchise.
Yes.
Yes.
And blizzard.
Okay.
Now, God, this is why I miss my old mic cause it didn't have an off switch, but, um, the,
the whole thing I wanted to point out too, is that don't worry anything about Indiana
Jones.
It doesn't matter who has, first of all, I don't want to see another Indiana Jones movie
because it can only be Harrison Ford and he's too old.
We saw this plus that crystal school thing.
Shit.
Disney still has licensing rights to Indiana Jones.
How else are they going to have, you know, the ride for one thing.
How else are they going to have all of the merchandise that they sell at Disneyland?
And on top of that, they have the pinball table.
This is how Indiana Jones, Indiana Jones will come again, but it's going to be in about
10 to 15 years after the Indiana Jones is what Disney will do after the trilogy is done.
And that's going to be a good 10 years away.
They're going to do Indiana Jones next and it will be the good old fashioned Hollywood
fix it reboot.
Just wait for it.
I do not want a Shia LaBeouf reboot.
I want a good actor.
Just saying good reboot could put a good actor in the role.
Just saying, but as long as it needs to be done after we're all dead.
All right.
Too much movies, not enough games.
Let's talk about video games again.
We always like to start off the show, you know, 30 minutes into it with how was your
gaming week?
Let's talk about the video games that you've been playing this week.
Dark soccer.
We'll start with you.
Well, you know, I actually, uh, didn't get to play much cause I started a job, have a
job now.
Congrats.
Thank you.
Um, and, uh, I, uh, I downloaded a demo for a game that I'm going to talk about in part
B. Um, I never got a chance to play it cause I've been working, um, but I've been playing
a bunch of, uh, mass effect two cause I beat mass effect one earlier.
Finally did everything in the first mass effect.
So it wasn't that you had played the demo cause you didn't play the demo cause you were
working.
You didn't play the demo cause you were playing mass effect two.
It has to be real.
Just it's, it's okay.
And I logged into wow long enough so I wouldn't get booted from the guild.
I haven't touched like wow more than long enough to say hi to people since and oh, and
for the record, I still can't get in my mass effect three.
Just saying, that's still a thing.
Yeah.
I watched that.
Um, that mod ending, it was, yeah, somebody actually bad.
Somebody actually made a mod that will change the ending to the happy ending.
They call it the mass effect three happy ending and I clipping issues though.
Well, the thing that cracked me the fuck up is that they inserted video footage obviously
from other places in the game, but some of them had an IGN watermark and I was like,
really?
If yes, really?
No, I mean that was what I was thinking really, really.
And on top of that, most of the footage of the space battle thing is from the low preparedness
thing.
Whatever.
The, the, yeah, I know what you're talking about.
The universe rating.
Yeah.
Cause I've watched like all the different versions of the endings to see what affected
what.
And yeah, that's like from the super low I did shit where the Normandy explodes and everyone
dies ending.
I was like, really?
This must be happy ending, huh?
It was, it was interesting to see it pulled off, but I'm not ready to install it.
I like my destroy ending, you know, that's Canon in my head.
It's very impressive to me that people can mod the ending and like that, that's like
a thing now to like mod the ending to make it the way you want.
And I'm just like, Oh my God, the new trilogy can't get here fast enough.
So people have something new to bitch about.
Well, the whole thing is, is it in theory, I know how it can be done cause really it
would be changing code to insert sequence for pre-rendered stuff and screens for all
of the little, uh, flashbacky things.
Um, and then it was, uh, uh, it would actually be taking preexisting animations and loading
different textures over them, which by the way, that picture of, of Jacob's face over
Garris's body is absolutely hilarious because he has his mouth expanded.
Like it was for the whole Garris face.
That sounds strange.
Very strange.
Have you ever seen them done for, um, smash brothers?
No.
The, uh, the, you can swap, uh, swap the textures and the different characters on, um, on, uh,
smash brothers.
And it changes the actual size and body shape of the character to where you have like a
Kirby with, you know, a princess peach with a huge mouth for Kirby.
Well, yeah, I saw that one, um, mod or whatever that Loki was talking about a couple of weeks
ago on the show that changed all the characters to other gaming franchise characters.
But that was it.
Yeah.
This, this is just like, you have a different frame for the animation, which in Mass Effect
is actually a lot easier because they all use a human skeleton, but, um, not so much
in, uh, smash brothers.
So anyway, uh, the Rob D in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says I'm over Mass
Effect 3.
There's too much else to enjoy to continue bitching about Mass Effect 3.
Ain't that the truth?
And a multiplayer is really great in Mass Effect 3 if it works well on Xbox.
It's been great.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, it's basically Minecraft.
I mean, that's what I was doing most of the week.
I finally got the option to, um, switch the server to a bucket server, which is a server
that allows mods.
So that's what I did.
I have it running on a bucket server now.
So aside from the, uh, dynamap, um, thing that I talked about before, uh, we also have
now world edit, which is kind of cool for, you know, making, uh, structures and stuff
really fast and also for like leveling mountains and that kind of fun stuff.
So we have that and a mob arena, which I'm setting up right now, a, uh, a, uh, PVE arena
where you can fight waves and waves of monsters, just to kind of get a little bit of that survival
element in there, because right now we're just playing creative and it'd be fun just
to have something to do, you know, just take a break from building stuff.
You can fight waves of monsters and it's going to get really wacky because you can put like
anything you want in there.
Like you can make a boss monster.
That's a chicken that fight, no launches fireballs or like really crazy stuff.
So we've got, got a lot of work to do on that.
And then, um, I played a little bit of a call of duty this week and, uh, hopefully we'll
be playing black ops two in a couple of weeks here and that's pretty much it.
I think I haven't really played a whole ton this week.
Yeah.
I'm kind of in the same boat as you.
I haven't played a whole ton this week.
Um, uh, more world of Warcraft, which, you know, I'll talk about on Horde house, the
other show a little later this week, but a little preview, a followup for those of you
that do listen to Horde house, our guild did take down the first raid boss.
Finally.
Yay.
Puppies are dead.
And the trick was use three healers instead of two.
The minute we ran it with three healers, we had it down in three polls as opposed to like
the 20 before that.
So that was the trick.
Um, and then I did play some aspect three multiplayer, not to make this a mass effect
show, but they did have the Halloween challenge, which I thought was really cute because they
modded the game to make like the little, the little beacons turned into pumpkins and the
little devices that you did the upload from were all little pumpkins and you know, they
did that.
And then you had these certain little mini achievements that you get the new banner,
which I thought that was a pretty hefty reward because it's really hard and you have to play
a lot to get a lot of those banners, but the Halloween challenge unlocks a banner.
So I was like, Ooh, I want to get a banner for no particular reason.
My E P needs it.
So I did that.
So, um, yeah, that was the Halloween challenge.
Um, screw that Vanguard challenge though.
I'm not doing that one cause I don't really like Vanguards as much as all my friends seem
to.
And that was really it for games.
I didn't have a chance to play a lot of new stuff.
I will say I took a trip to Dave and busters yesterday cause I was in the Bay area hanging
with some of my friends and I went to Dave and busters and you know, I got to see like
that infinity blade arcade machine, which I didn't really play it.
You know, I didn't, Oh, this is the next next iPad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm too addicted to, um, the wheel of fortune, which, and the, it's the quiz game.
It's that damn quiz game.
I don't know if every Dave and busters has it, but it's like the giant quiz machine with
the three buttons.
Oh, we just sit there and play that for like an hour.
Just keep putting the tickets in and, or the swipe in the card and um, I don't believe
they have a DDR machine anymore.
They didn't.
Well, Dave and busters never did.
They always only had pump it up, but they replaced it with a giant connect for machine.
That's like, it's like, Oh my God, the thing is so bright.
You can see it from space.
It's crazy.
So it's just connect for whatever.
I think the one by S has an X two.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They don't have pump.
I don't think.
Hmm.
Interesting.
But yeah, that was, that was really it for games.
I didn't really, um, I have 11,000 tickets at Dave and busters though.
I am really close to having enough for a PlayStation three game, a new one, although I almost bought
Alan a new grill and an indoor grill yesterday because I could have got one of those for
9,000 tickets.
You know what?
What I actually did use my tickets to buy appliances there.
Did you, I got, um, a, uh, rice cooker that I actually used to make quinoa in and it's
wonderful.
Nice.
Uh, Misty's asking me if this is the Dave and busters in Roseville.
No, I actually went over to the Bay area.
I went to the great mall in Milpitas cause we had to do outlet shopping cause I needed
new shoes.
But anyway, that's for another show.
Uh, so that was my gaming week.
Not a whole lot of new stuff.
Just a lot of old classics, uh, debating, picking up halo four this week though.
I got to admit, you know, I've skipped all the little halo side games.
I bought original halo, halo two, halo three, skipped all the side games.
Didn't think I'd buy halo four, but I don't know.
There's a part of me that's four is pretty awesome.
I don't want it.
I mean, see, that's the same way as I only played three was the last one I played, but
you got to figure, you know, reach in recon and all that stuff.
Those kind of like prequels type, you know, that I don't really think you need to play
that cause it's basically a sequel to three and if you play three then cool.
Yeah.
All right.
Yes.
Master chief wakes up after a long time.
I mean, that's pretty much kind of, it depends.
Well, a lot of it depends on what, what, what friends of mine are going to be playing halo
four because halo two was the best because I played it with my college buddies that,
you know, and this was a little bit after college and that game first came out and that
was kind of a, we would have our night that we would all play halo two and it was just
us, no strangers.
And we had a great time when I went to halo three, that kind of fell apart.
And so it was mostly strangers and halo three and I was kind of like, eh, eh, having my
ass handed to me by strangers isn't as much fun as when it's people, you know, you know,
uh, um, yeah, bonds bonds double six in our chat room says I just did halo one, two and
three never did the ODST in wars.
Yeah.
Same.
I'm in the same boat, buddy.
Uh, Raginator asked kind of a random question.
I'll answer this and then we'll go into, um, uh, housekeeping and news.
Um, Raginator asks, Rob, say, have you ever used the games for windows marketplace before?
I ask, cause I'm wondering if you can use Ms points on there or do you actually have
to use actual dollars and cents?
Um, maybe one of the other listeners can correct me.
I believe it's all dollars and cents on the marketplace.
I don't think they use the points.
The only games for windows, if I did download it to get that free game tinker or whatever
it was that was in there and when I was really into game room, you had to have games for
windows for the games that you bought that played on both platforms.
But that's really about my extent of knowledge of game for windows live.
So I don't know how the points work there.
I think Microsoft across the board is moving to regular currency.
I don't think you see the Microsoft points in the windows eight marketplace for instance.
So I think Microsoft transitioning away from that.
Um, although bonds double a six says I have used the games for windows and they will use
your Ms points.
So maybe I'm wrong.
I thought they were transitioning away from that though.
So maybe it's one of those do it while you can.
I'm sure though that if they do decide someday to just get rid of Microsoft points, they'll
convert you.
You can convert them somehow into like $80 to a dollar.
Exactly.
It won't be that difficult.
So I wouldn't worry too much about it.
Okay.
Um, quick housekeeping and then we'll get into tonight's news.
So um, we were going to have a interview tonight with Eddie from Bahmani style.
He needed to postpone that.
So if you did not see the message on Twitter, that interview will not be happening tonight.
I apologize if you were tuning in just for that.
I hope you'll enjoy the show anyway.
We are going to reschedule that.
I think we're doing it next week.
Uh, keep an eye on our Twitter for updates.
I will post as soon as I have that confirmed.
Twitter.com slash O L R um, real life things happen.
So at Eddie had to do something else tonight, but we will be welcoming him in a later week.
Uh, the other housekeeping thing I want to mention, as we mentioned in part B last week,
orange launch radio was nominated at the podcast awards, www.podcastawards.com for best gaming
podcast and we're, we're going to try really hard not to spam this like crazy.
We're limiting ourselves to once a day.
We're trying to be tasteful about it.
But you know, we really could use the support competition is going to be stiff, which, you
know, the good news is it seems like the indie broadcasts are the ones that really want it.
So an indie is probably going to win, which is great news.
Um, you know, because the Corp cast, they're like, Oh, what's this?
What's this little words?
Oh, Oh, we have money elsewhere.
Oh, we don't need to, so they don't even bother promoting it.
But you know, the Indies are, are really, I'm trying to get the vote and hopefully that's
a really good sign that one of them will win.
Of course, we would love to be the ones that win because it's great exposure.
And that's really, you know, why we're trying to get people to get out the vote for us because,
you know, because we don't have those big websites behind us.
We don't have a big marketing campaign.
We don't make money off this show.
It's just really a great way for us to leverage some promotion.
So remember, you can vote once a day between now and November 15th, www.podcastawards.com
and we are nominated in the best gaming category.
Don't forget, if you give them an email address, that's not one that you often check.
Be sure to check it once every 24 hours because you have to verify your vote because they
want to make sure you're a real person.
And please do not do anything that would get us disqualified by doing something shady.
So keep it legit.
Keep it real y'all.
And most importantly, even if you're not going to vote for OLR, please consider keeping it
indie because the indie podcasts need it.
All right.
What else do I want to say for housekeeping?
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio and Google Plus.
We're on there as well.
Please join our communities on there.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Launch Radio on vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, random.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about 38 Studios.
I know everyone's familiar with the whole debacle with, you know, kingdoms of Amalur
reckoning and all that stuff.
Well now apparently the people that were behind the whole $75 million loan for 38 Studios
are being sued by Rhode Island.
And it's kind of interesting.
So they're actually going after, what was it?
It was, you know, Kurt Schilling and CEO Jennifer McLean.
And I guess also the former Economic Development Corporation Director Keith Stokes and Wells
Fargo Securities and Barclays Capital.
So Barclays used to own the company I worked for.
Yeah.
So they're going after them.
And they said, you know, I know you work hard for your paychecks and for your tax dollars
to be squandered is unacceptable.
The board's legal action was taken to rectify this grave injustice put upon the people of
Rhode Island.
And so, yeah.
So they're going after them for money.
And I don't know, hopefully they get it.
It's be interesting.
They're just trying to kind of recoup any losses that they had because they're out sending
$75 million right now.
You know, I'm not going to pretend to know the first thing about investment or like how
the money worked out in this whole mess.
So I am not going to be one of those pundits that's like, yeah, take them through the ring
or get them through all their worth or, you know, or the other extreme, because I really
just don't know.
I just find this shit fascinating that, you know, the state of Rhode Island is out this
money.
It's not some private company.
The state is out a large amount of money because of the failure of a video game company.
That just kind of blows my mind in a way.
It's really unfortunate because it would probably make people hesitant to invest in other video
game companies.
But I don't know, it just blows my mind.
The Rob D in chat says, Kurt Schilling will need to sell everything.
I feel bad for everyone involved.
Mack Deft follows that up with yeah.
And the Rob D follows that up at live.vognetwork.com says Kurt Schilling was an idiot, but he
didn't have evil intentions.
Dark Sakura followed that up with he'll need to sell $10 blow jobs.
Don't be immature.
Don't be immature.
Exactly.
To recoup those kind of losses, he's going to have to sell $100 blow jobs.
Well, I was just thinking $10 so that he'd actually get business.
The Rob D, again, some good comments in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says he has
to pay for his idiocy though.
Actions have consequences.
Kurt Schilling was just trying to make a video game that ever, I mean, obviously he was a
big EverQuest fan, a big WoW fan.
He wanted to make that game, but probably, I mean, let's be real.
He was a baseball player.
He probably didn't really know what he was getting into.
I mean, it's kind of sad.
I don't think the game was that bad, but the thing is, it's just not a lot of games do.
Millions and millions of copies sold and to just count on your game being like a tent
pool AAA title, it's huge, huge, huge, huge.
It's not really realistic.
But the whole thing, all that being said, it blows my fucking mind that he was given
the money in the first place.
Because somebody wrote him that check.
Is it because of the sports fame?
Is it because we're so fixated on sports in this country that it's like, oh yeah, when
sports royalty walks in and wants to do something, we let them do it.
Is that what's to blame?
Is that sports royalty in our culture?
I'm pretty sure that in certain counties in California, like Hollywood and stuff like
that, you could probably kill a man and get away with it.
They give you a gimme and you know, that's it.
But so like, you know, it works for it works for OJ.
Yeah.
Say five million dollar loan.
I mean, that's that's like, ah, you're good for it.
You're a baseball star right now.
You know, there's no possible way we're going to lose on this.
S.H.O. 100 Matt in our chat says it was because he was Curt Schilling.
So you're saying I'm right?
Question mark.
Well, keep in mind, this is the same country that's letting a, you know, a convicted rapist
go free, you know, and is the director, the movie director, I what?
Nevermind that Paul W.S. Anderson, I swear.
All right.
And Tiger Cloth follows it up saying, yeah, it's got to be because he was a baseball player
and the fact he was a World Series winning baseball player.
So anyhow, let's just like no one give like, you know, basketball stars this kind of money
either for game ideas, because would they have given that money to Dennis Rodman?
We did have Shaq Fu.
Hey, I wonder if Shaq Fu sold as many copies, if not more copies, then, uh, yeah, at least
Shaq Fu recovered its costs.
Maybe Shaq Fu is a concept I can get behind.
Shaq Fu did not put Rhode Island seventy five million dollars.
Shaq Fu is harmless.
Well, pretty harmless.
Shaq Fu just put me seventy five minutes of my time into debt.
That's all.
It's not as big of a loss.
Oh, I remember the game I wanted to talk about during my gaming week before we get into this
next thing, since we're talking about basketball.
Do you know what I saw at the mall?
A demo kiosk for NBA baller beats.
And I so badly, that looked awkward.
I so badly wanted to play it, but I was with my friend Victoria and she was judging me
so hard.
Listen, you're too white for this.
You're too white for this.
You're not going to do that.
Basically.
And thanks to SSJ100 Matt, it was Roman Pileski.
Oh, that whole thing.
Oh, yeah.
That's that's a bit of a mess, isn't it?
Anyhow, NBA baller beats, I got to say, say what you will say what you would judge me
all you want.
I don't give a fuck.
It looked fun.
I'm sorry.
It looked fun.
I can get my boss to give me the copy that we have because it's just sitting there on
his desk.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm just waiting for it to go in the clearance bin.
I'm going to check much longer.
I'm going to check fries once a week.
It'll be a manager special before we know it.
They even have them for sale there like, nope, nope, nope.
All right.
Moving on.
Rhode Island's not the only one that's lost money.
Sony talking about their finances made a net loss of fifteen point five billion yen.
That translates to just under two hundred million dollars in their second fiscal quarter.
Their gaming division has seen a year on year decline in profit.
This is a year on year reduction in loss of forty two point six percent.
That's an improvement over the three hundred and twelve million dollars they lost during
the first quarter.
The company is lowered their projections for the end of the year for the PSP and the Vita
sales significantly.
That's down to ten million from what they originally projected.
I don't think they're going to come out too well this year, to be honest.
Kaz Hirai in May indicated a fiscal year estimate of ten million for the Vita alone.
The PS3 and the PS2 combined estimate remains untouched at sixteen million.
On the bright side, software performance saw slight growth across the second quarter.
So the PS3 and PS2 sales, they've actually rose slightly.
Well, let me just look at the fourth quarter line.
They don't really have any strong titles.
They have PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale, which could flop.
I mean, it's all right, but it's not going to be like, you know, Uncharted or something
like that.
And they've got Little Big Planet Karting, which also could flop.
I mean, those are both like kind of mediocre, you know, as far as like Triple A titles go,
they're not like Mass Effect or Halo.
It's just kind of like, huh, you know, they'll do all right, but they're not going to be
these huge games that people are like, oh, my God, I'm going to line up at midnight to
go get my PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale.
That's a very good point.
That's a very good point.
These games are not Halo 4 or like that was that they have the new Sly Cooper game, Thieves
in Time around and one of those anyways.
So those aren't really that strong titles.
And look at what we have for the Vita, like the two big games that they've been kind of
pimping for the Vita was Call of Duty, Black Ops Classified, which I'm afraid is going
to suck.
In fact, I'm pretty sure it's going to suck because the guys that made it were the guys
that made the really shitty Resistance game that they were also pimping out really hard
and was very mediocre in Assassin's Creed, which I think Assassin's Creed Liberation
is actually pretty good.
But the Call of Duty game, the one that they're kind of banking on, you know, selling the
Vita, they even have bundles for it and stuff.
It's just it's going to be mediocre.
It's going to get poor reviews.
Here's the thing.
If Sony is losing this money and Sony is not really selling Vitas like they thought they
would, do we really think we're going to get a PlayStation 4 next year?
Do we still think that's something that's going to happen?
Because I'm I'm really starting to think a lot of this stuff that we're hearing about
game industry troubles, because this is not the first we've heard of this.
We've heard about layoffs, et cetera, et cetera.
Could this have the domino effect of maybe not having a new system or do it?
Does it make it more urgent that we need a new system to get us out?
I think if anything, I think we're going to have probably a new system soon, like as soon
as at the end of next year, because that's why we're seeing this kind of development
cycle.
We are seeing, you know, these games that are they're all right, but they're not like
these big, you know, launch tentpole titles or something like that.
It's like a new uncharted.
I mean, they have a new uncharted last year, but it's not like a big, huge title like that.
I think that they're having these dev teams working on something for the next system.
So they have a strong launch because they know they need that.
It's hard to say that.
I think that they're going to have to probably drop the price of the Vita pretty soon, because
there's not a whole ton of stuff that's really like a selling point.
Like had I not gotten one, there's not really anything that would have sold me on one.
Although if they announce a portable Grand Theft Auto 5 game, I'm probably going to have
to buy that.
Any Grand Theft Auto game, I probably have to buy.
I don't really care what system it's on.
YYYR in our chat room says, I played LittleBigPlanet Karting in New York Comic Con.
There were no lines.
It was actually quite fun, but I walked away thinking, will I pay $60 for this?
No.
Rob D says at live.vognetwork.com, we absolutely need a new system.
That said, we also need to reevaluate the game industry.
The problem is that companies only change things up when we get new systems.
You know, that's kind of along the same line I'm thinking of.
Not so much that we absolutely need a new system, but the whole, I don't know, I kind
of think the PS3's potential hasn't really been realized.
Because the PS3 does 3D gaming, but is that really a thing that people are doing right
now?
No.
So what is the PS4 going to bring us that the PS3's not doing?
You have to understand, they've already kind of gotten away from trying to promote 3D as
like a big thing now.
It's like they don't even really mention it too much anymore.
And even with 3D TVs, people aren't really sold on 3D TVs, so now they're pushing that
whole 4K, you know, the Ultra HD TV.
So is that going to be the PlayStation 4's big thing?
Yeah, they want.
Ultra HD?
Yeah.
I think that was one of the rumored specs, is it was going to do that 4K resolution thing.
But if the PlayStation 3 couldn't get people to adopt 3D successfully, although, okay,
to be fair, to be fair, Blu-ray probably won in large part to the PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I mean, for every maybe failure, you could say that there's been a win, but I'm just
not convinced that like people are going to be like, oh, I need this PlayStation 4 right
fucking now.
Oh, and I need a new Sony Ultra HD TV as well to play what?
Because you can think that any games that are coming out at launch are probably just
going to be, they're probably not going to be utilizing that.
One more, let me do one more comment here from chat.
The chat's got a lot of good points tonight.
YYR says, I really think that smartphones and the sort of success of the 3DS have killed
the Vita's potential market.
I really think it's a great system and I'm really enjoying the game library despite its
small size.
But how many people want one if they have smartphones, a 3DS or both?
I don't even touch my DS at all.
I play on my phone.
You know, I would argue that the 3DS is kind of hurting too.
I mean, we're hearing a very similar story out of Nintendo.
It might not be as dire, but Nintendo's lowered expectations of 3DS sales as well.
So, but I do think you're onto something that a lot of it has to do with tablets, smart
phones, which is why when you bring out your device and you say it plays Netflix, like
that was a waste of breath.
The fact that your device, Wii U, plays Netflix is like, that's, that's an expectation now.
That's like, that's as much of an expectation of it does widescreen.
It does HD.
It does Netflix.
That's like a baseline thing now.
So what makes your device better than a tablet or a smartphone that, you know, far more people
have in their pockets and so forth?
I think that's a big part of it too.
iPad mini ain't gonna help.
I can be honest.
I mean, like I've got a smartphone and I have an iPod touch, you know, 4G and I don't really
use either of them for gaming.
Just don't.
Even like my portable systems, I'm kind of reevaluating whether I even need portable
gaming systems because I don't travel that much.
I don't really play portable games on it.
I mean, granted, you know, they're, they're talking about getting rid of our game room
again because they're consolidating space and buildings and stuff, so they can lease
out the other building.
But you know, we used to play on the PSP because it was portable and we could get a group of
people together and play Grand Theft Auto and stuff.
So you know, that may be a case where, yeah, I'd want a system like that to play like,
you know, Grand Theft Auto or some multiplayer game so that we can kind of move around and
stuff, be a little bit nomadic.
But I, it's just, I don't find the need to have that stuff anymore, it seems like.
Even like with all the systems, I don't really feel the need next generation to own all of
the systems.
I mean, granted, that's just be, you know, even before it felt like kind of this expectation
because I do this show, oh, I should own all of them.
I'm not really feeling it anymore because I don't play the Wii at all.
The Wii is literally collecting dust, I have something stacked on top of it and that was
it.
We, you know, we dusted off the other day just to play Sight Truck, I should say my
wife did.
But like I haven't played anything on that for years now.
And the PlayStation 3, same thing, like we're looking at maybe using the PlayStation 3 for
Grand Theft Auto 5 because it doesn't get disconnected through our firewalls quick,
but I haven't played anything on that for like a long time.
Jamie, quick thought.
Well, I was just saying I haven't really, I mean, Dan and I have actually talked about
downsizing our collection, you know, because really it's anything that we've wanted to
play, I can get on my PC and I can upgrade my PC at any point.
It just really isn't, you know.
And the other thing too is also looking in terms of the economy, people I think, this
has been the case for us, are really looking at needs versus wants.
A gaming system is a want, it's not something you need.
We need to pay rent and that became the priority, you know.
I didn't have, I wasn't working at the time.
Any of my money couldn't go towards games, it went towards buying food, paying bills,
you know.
And in this case-
Damn responsibility, damn it.
Well, yeah, but if you look at it, the vast majority of people have been put into the
circumstances instead of having disposable income, they're realizing that, yeah, maybe
I don't need this stuff.
Maybe it's just a bonus.
Let me read a few more comments from chat.
We'll end on these chat comments and go on into Dark Sakura's next story, but there's
such a good discussion going on in chat tonight.
I just got to throw these out there for the podcast listeners to hear.
YYR says, the 3DS can also fall back on Nintendo's excellent software.
Don't forget Pokemon.
We haven't really had, the Pokemon games just came out or for the last DS, which is fascinating.
That's how confident that they were that those games are going to do well in the 3DS.
And they're probably right, to be fair.
Dungeon Buster says, Sony's definitely thinking ahead to make the hardware flexible enough
to adapt to what the next technologies might be, 8K televisions, virtual glasses, et cetera.
Though most of the concepts are high up there, some techies are suggesting that the next
PlayStation 4 might even use through silicon via for the processor architecture.
I'm not sure, I think I butchered that sentence there, but you know, just the whole thinking
ahead point.
And lastly, Doom Plague says, I would be surprised if anyone made a 4K resolution game in the
next 10 years.
It's a non-factor this coming generation.
All right, we could talk about this for a lot longer, but I think this discussion is
going to be continuing through the next six months, right on up to the next E3, when we
know what these systems, if they're coming at all for one, and what they will entail.
In the meantime, let's go to Dark Soccer with the next story.
How about a tale of some corporate fucking greed?
Yay!
Frank Christopher Oliveira, who is the former GameStop VP of Corporate Communications and
Public Affairs, got caught, pleaded guilty to one count of mail fraud for embezzling
$1,965,900 from GameStop.
And in the indictment, he sent payments from January 2009 through April 2011 to Cloud Communications
LLC, which was a fictitious company he owned, to transfer funds into his personal account.
So yeah, basically GameStop is like no comment, however they are fully cooperating with the
federal investigation.
And yeah, he actually, he pleaded not guilty, and the max sentence to this is 20 years in
prison and $250,000 fine.
And I hope that he gets the max, you know, penalty.
I wish that all of these corporate bastards who steal money from the companies they work
for and get away with, you know, fraud and stealing money out of the consumer's pockets
get caught too, instead of being given, you know, personhood and all this bullshit.
That's what I'm saying.
People need to be held accountable.
Funny enough, it would only take capturing about, what, about 35 more guys like this
guy for Rhode Island to get their money back.
Yeah.
It's just another, another sign of how, you know, people in positions of power and companies
are really abusing their positions.
And in return, you know, who has to pay for, you know, recouping those losses?
It goes back to the consumer when they're figuring out their money's missing.
Rama makes a very tongue-in-cheek comment in our chat room, but it's worth repeating.
Steal from GameStop?
Sure, they've stolen from me enough times.
Yeah, but this is, you know, a guy who probably already is a millionaire.
You have to remember, this is a guy who was feeding money that they already got from you
into these fake companies and what have you.
Yeah.
It's just amazing.
He was able to do that much.
I want them to nail his ass to the wall.
I, I want these, and it goes back to a bigger problem.
It goes back, you know, to more people looking at their own personal greed as opposed to,
you know, being a better person maybe.
Are you saying look at your life, look at your choices?
Yeah, look at your life, look at your choices.
Don't be a corporate douche-head.
All right.
Fair enough.
Loki, let's move on.
All right.
Um, so let's talk a little bit about one game I'm very looking forward to, and that would
be Grand Theft Auto V.
And of course-
Since when were you a Grand Theft Auto fan?
I know, I just-
You're just getting on the bandwagon.
It's been a long time.
But I'm gearing up because this month is going to be a lot of news for Grand Theft Auto V.
I bet you suddenly became a Giants fan last week too.
Yeah, I had to become a sports fan first, and so that's not going to happen.
Grand Theft Auto V, of course, there was a whole bunch of rumors of when it is expected
to come out.
I've already said that it's going to be April and May next year, but they've officially
confirmed that yes, Spring 2003 is going to be the release window for the game, and
they added some promotional materials that are making it out to GameStops and other places,
including game and stuff internationally.
And along with that, some of the promotional stuff, starting on Monday, November 5th, you
can actually pre-order the game from different locations.
The rumor was that they were supposed to be doing another trailer on the 5th, although
because of the whole hurricane slash storm, it's put them a little bit behind as far as
getting that trailer cut, so expect the trailer next week, which I'm really expecting for
next week.
And they've got some cool little promotional items if you're able to pre-order your game
early enough, because it's going to be extremely limited in supplies.
You can get a keychain type thing that has almost like a little viewfinder on there,
and you can check out some of the locations, including they've got Vinewood Hills, which
is like Hollywood, the Del Perro Pier, like Santa Monica, the Vespucci Canals, I guess
that's, looks like kind of like a downtown LA.
Sounds a little dirty.
Grapeseed, which is kind of like Napa.
Oh boy.
So it looks interesting.
I mean, they kind of show some-
Because Napa's so close to LA.
Whatever, you know, it's just like, well, San Andreas, they had San Francisco, Vegas,
and you know, I know, I know, it's a video game.
It's all fixed.
It's all fictitious anyways.
Right, right.
And then they've got new posters and stuff like that with like a Lindsay Lohan looking
woman on the front there, prostitute, I don't know, it's hard to tell what, which it is.
So yeah, it's pretty awesome, and hopefully we'll learn a little bit, well, definitely
a lot more this month, because it's the cover game for the new Game Informer, which is gonna
be the December issue, which is coming out in any time now, like a couple weeks, and
also kind of their launch of their whole media campaign, so very excited.
Trying to take your mind off of some of the holiday games that are coming out right now.
I'm looking forward to spring.
Well, I'm only picking, the last game I'm picking up this, well, actually I should say
not the last game, but the second to last game I'm picking up this year is Black Ops
2, followed by Far Cry 3, so those would be the last two games I'm getting, and then maybe
Halo 4, I don't know, we'll see.
Well there are gonna be a lot of people picking up Halo 4 this week, believe it or not, it's
here, because, you know, the election day is this week, and it's the same day Halo 4
is being released, and retailers everywhere are gonna be doing midnight releases, Game
Stop is one of those retailers, they did announce this week 4,400 of their US locations will
be open at midnight to sell Halo 4.
All the stores that are participating in the event will start their events at 9 o'clock
in the local time zone.
Do keep in mind, if you're in an area that was impacted by Hurricane Sandy, that may
have screwed up some of these Game Stops, there's still a lot of places without power,
so when in doubt, call ahead, and just make sure.
Probably if your store did Assassin's Creed 3, it's probably doing Halo 4, but you know,
it's always best to just call ahead, there's nothing wrong with placing a phone call.
The store that you've pre-ordered your game happens to be a plan trade, you're not getting
it at midnight.
Alrighty then, well, I do want to point out, you know, even though Game Stop, they're most,
there's probably a shit ton of other retailers doing the midnight release as well.
I'm sure Walmarts, Best Buys, probably, you know, basically any place that sells video
games will probably be open at midnight, because Halo 4 is kind of a big deal.
Now, one other thing I want to talk about with Halo 4, is this interesting little report
that's going around the internet this week, 343 Industries apparently not happy with some
of the language that players use when they're playing Halo, to which I say, good, make the
shit talkers take some accountability.
The studio head of 343 Industries, Bonnie Ross, in an interview with GameSpot said,
quote, I've seen many of the sites that have documented some of the more gender-specific,
slanderous comments.
This is behavior that is offensive and completely unacceptable.
I'd like to think most of our Xbox Live players don't support this kind of behavior.
What are you laughing about out of there?
Just like most of them.
Executive producer, Kiki Wolfkill said that when the best name ever, that actually is an
awesome name, when you give adolescents a way to broadcast opinions anonymously, that can be
dangerous, to which I say no shit, but it's nice to see, you know, companies acknowledging
that, the nasty side of the teenage mind will manifest itself in that environment.
Microsoft will do its best to seek out and ban anybody that is sharing really, really bad
stuff.
I'm assuming talking about someone's charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent, but in a more
hateful way, right?
I don't know how they do it, though.
I'm assuming you've got to report people or it's got to be in messages or something
intractable because Microsoft can't exactly monitor live games, can they?
Well, I'm sure they have maybe.
Yeah, they might.
I don't know.
They do have patents for that kind of stuff.
And if you remember correctly, you know, not necessarily Microsoft, but EA with Kinect and
stuff like that.
They had a kind of similar feature in FIFA.
Now, I read this story at Destructoid, Destructoid.com, and they bring up a really good
point that I think is worth repeating.
They take issue with the fact that adolescents are the only ones being targeted as being
jerks online.
And they say in this article, quote, Unfortunately, there are plenty of full grown adults
who get their jollies by going into online games and being nasty or who attempt to bully
others because of perceived differences.
I think that's a damn good point.
Wasn't there a story around the Internet this week or maybe last week about the Reddit
trolls and the people posting the really, really bad stuff to Reddit?
And they traced it back to some thirty nine year old guy, you know, just one of your
stereotypical basement going people with nothing better to do.
And it bears to be repeated.
Halo four is a fucking mature rated game.
So kids shouldn't be playing in the first place.
But parents are fucking dumb or I should say parents have made the choice to have their
kids play this mature rated game.
At that same time, they should also be responsible for what they say or what they're
exposed to.
Bonds double six in our chat room says people still cry over what's being said online in
a game. I'm not sure if I'm taking that, like if there's like a hint of sarcasm or
something to that comment. But like, yes, and people should take issue to some of the
things that are said online in a game.
Like, I'm sorry, I've been in Halo matches where I've heard people called faggot and far
worse words I'm not going to say on this show.
And although they're all bad, let's be real.
But it's just like, you know, yes, I take issue to that.
You know, as a gay guy who got called that a lot growing up in a very malicious way, who
you know, still has many emotional scars, for lack of a better word, with that shit.
Yeah, I take issue with the fact that somebody is projecting that shit onto somebody
else. And those people should have the privilege of playing an online game taken away
from them. Yes, you pay for Xbox Live.
But you also accept the terms of service that you won't generally be a dickbag when you
play online. And if you fail to live up to the terms of service, then you should have it
taken away.
I don't like playing with cockbags online.
There's been a lot of nice people I've met playing online, especially in playing Mass
Effect, because a lot of that's co-ops.
You don't have that same mentality.
But, you know, and I think if you are going to call a girl who's brave enough to go on to
the game and talk in the first place, if you're going to call her the big C-bomb, then,
you know, that better be a term of endearment or some prearranged thing and not in a
negative thing, because that's not OK to be calling women at random that word.
You know what I mean? Or even, you know, bitch, whore, slut, all those other things.
Right, Jamie?
I'm kind of not bothered.
So you don't care if you go online into a random match on Halo 4 and somebody drops the
C-bomb?
No, I mean, because really all I'll do, like, for example, it actually happened in a while,
not too long ago, and all I did was just report and put them on ignore.
What about my game?
Well, OK, then it didn't get like get under your skin, but you recognize that, hey, this
person should probably have their freedom to play the game taken away from them.
Right. This person is not mature enough to be in this game.
Their ability to speak in said game should be revoked.
I don't necessarily think they shouldn't be allowed to play the game because, you know,
maybe they're good at it.
I just think that their ability to speak should be revoked.
I mean, because that's almost more frustrating as not being able to say something to
somebody. And, you know, honestly, I like when you have a feature to just actively
ignore something and then have it pop up, reverting to them, X person has you ignored.
Then what good is saying anything going to do when the person that you're saying it at
can't react, isn't going to react to it?
The people are only doing that for attention.
They're only doing that because they get something off on it.
If you're not, if they're not bothered by it, what good is it going to do?
I seem to remember Halo 3 had a really quick way to block people like that.
Like, I remember reporting on some of the stories that, you know, you could just hit
like the back button and it just shut them up automatically, which I thought was pretty
neat.
That's what I think it should be.
But I think that they also need to get the feedback in return that this person isn't
paying attention to you.
I don't think that they should, because actually it's better if they don't know that
because then they can't go, oh, you're not going to listen to me.
I'm going to send an angry message at you.
I mean, no, it should completely block them.
TheRobD, I think this is a very interesting point in chat, just want to throw this out
there, live.vognetwork.com, TheRobD says, the only way we can improve the quality and
diversity of gamers online is to hold them accountable for what they do.
I agree with holding them accountable.
The one problem that I'm running into with this is the fact that there's so much gray
area for offensive.
I mean, having a certain list, yeah, that's one thing, you know, going too far, it
definitely hold people accountable.
But I'm saying that it's kind of hard for me to try to think of how to phrase it.
There are really thin skinned people out there who, you know, even just saying, oh,
you suck is going to piss them off.
You know, it's going to make them, you know, be in a world of boohoo.
And maybe if they're that thin skinned, they shouldn't play.
I kind of I think I see what you're getting at.
You're saying that, you know, maybe this opens the door to that total political
correctness, hypersensitivity, these types of issues.
It's like, where do you draw the line?
I mean, I think we can all agree you don't say certain words ever, you know, online.
But, you know, somebody who might be ultra religious, grew up in Little House on the
Prairie, has every right to play the same Xbox games you do, but would never say the
word damn themselves and might take offense to that.
Yeah, I know people who like a lady in one of my classes who is as Mormon as Mormon can
be, doesn't drink coffee, none of that.
And she's perfectly fine with other people.
She doesn't, you know, she doesn't go la la la la la when someone says crap, you know.
But at the same time, she won't do that thing herself.
And she won't put herself in a position to where she's surrounded by it all the time.
And now if she's in a situation that she can't get away from, she understands and
accepts that that's a situation she can't get away with it, get away from it.
You know what I mean?
And my big problem, and this is actually sort of goes back to the whole big political
correctness thing.
You know what I mean?
Is that there are people who do take shit way too seriously.
Now, there's just some people who, you know, maybe in a moment of frustration, they're
like, well, well, shit, you suck.
You know, I'm just using something, you know.
I've heard Dan drop a C-bomb at a game and then he will stop and go, oh, my God, I
didn't mean to say that, you know.
But here's the question.
Did he say it in frustration to an NPC, the verbal equivalent of throwing the
controller out the window?
Or did he actually press the push to talk button and call somebody?
He doesn't do that.
Dan is a lot.
Yeah, he'll go, oh, that was a fucking shit move.
You know, when he's playing on, he plays Borderlands with his with his buddies.
But I mean, the point with it is that I think there's a very.
I'm trying to think of how to, there is a lot of room for.
Oversensitizing things, you know what I mean?
There would be opportunity to take action against somebody that you don't like for
other reasons, like taking advantage of it to get somebody punished just because you
want to punish for something that has nothing to do with the game.
Right.
If it was going to if it was going to be.
I would rather have a strike rule.
I'm going to go way back and go to DDR Freak.
We had.
You think the nine point system should be universal?
Explain the system.
Explain the system.
We had a nine point rule, which basically for horrible offenses, then, yeah, they
would get docked three points.
And it was a three strike, three really bad offenses.
And yeah, they got banned after nine points.
But if there were very minor offenses, like, you know, maybe something that was
mildly inflammatory or maybe unintentionally flaming, you know, then,
yeah, they got like basically a one point warn for it.
And I don't think that it was the warnings that could go like a person could bring
something to my attention as a moderator and then make a judgment call.
If I got five things about one person from the same person, I'd only warn once
because clearly there's something more going on.
And if it seems like it's legit, I'll do the full three point warning for all five
offenses.
You know, that example, that was my mentality towards it.
When, when you're going into, you know, if you say that you've got somebody who's
really oversensitive playing their first round of Halo 4 forever and someone, you
know, just lets out, you know, oh, that was fucking cheap or, you know, makes one
statement, oh, you don't know how to play, you know, I'm going mild with it.
And that person gets really butthurt and says, oh, you said something offensive to
me, you know, even in the case of constructive criticism, because I've seen
people in WoW when you try to give them feedback on how they're playing and they
go completely off on you.
Don't tell me how to fucking play my character, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
When really the person was just giving really good constructive feedback.
You know, maybe you're having an off day to say, I'm having off night, but there's
people who take constructive criticism the wrong way too.
It's, it's really, you know, what I'm meaning about a really gray area is that
when you've got so many variables of personality involved with it, you're
running into a problem and you are running into people who are just going to
be, you know, hypersensitive.
There's people like that in the world, people who do not, who will take offense
to any little thing and go on a fucking rampage trying to prove that they're
right. If, if you know what I mean, you know, that's why we have so many stupid,
you know, lawsuits go into effect, you know, violent video game laws.
All this is we have a quite a bit of hypersensitivity going on.
I, I'm really trying to get how, now, I mean, if you've got someone who, yeah,
they've dropped the C-bomb, you know, three different times in one game and
everyone's put out the warning on them, ban them.
If it's with their buddies and their buddies are doing it to warn each of their
buddies, they get booted from the game for an hour, they get a certain number of
warrants, they're gone forever.
Give them a three strikes.
The DDR freak system should be applied everywhere.
I think it was wise.
The one thing, the one part you missed, if you were, if you were good, you would
start to lose points every month.
Right. Yeah. And, but that honestly, I actually did see that starting to really
benefit. And I never, ever got a point ever.
I can fix that now. No, not when they're dead, dead and gone.
Not when they're dead. But, but my, my point is that, you know, if you've got
someone who's having a really shitty day and they go off on someone, yeah, they
should be held accountable for going off on somebody.
But if they realize, oh, I see this is going to be something that's gonna, you
know, catch up with me later, then definitely give them an opportunity to
amend their behavior.
If they don't amend their behavior, knock them out.
Don't even give, you know, a number of how many warnings you have.
Don't advertise that shit.
Don't advertise that your points will drop off.
Just say you get a certain amount of warning again, you're dropped.
You know, it is up to us.
We can give you one strike.
We can give you three strikes.
It depends on what we see.
All right, well, gosh, we get to keep talking about this where we've had a lot
of good discussions tonight.
What's up with this?
This is supposed to be a slow news week, live.vognetwork.com.
We could, again, keep this topic going forever, but, uh, we do want to end, you
know, some point tonight instead of tomorrow morning.
So we're going to keep moving on in the interest of time.
So why don't we, they were right about DancerRx.
Why?
Yeah.
Why don't we go to that next story, Darcyra?
Okay.
Well, if God, if my voice comes back, um, there, I'm sure I've told the story
before about my copy of Descent that I used to have that came on 14 disks.
And yes, I sat and installed.
That was the way to play.
I have a good friend named Avery who had a chair that he put two controllers on
and a five, a 10 key pad.
Did he invent mailing labels that go in the printer?
Shut up.
And, um, hearts, hearts, hearts.
Um, and he had his, bitch, please.
Now, and, uh, he had, uh, his, uh, Descent chair.
That was the big thing.
Well, the reason why I'm bringing up all this Descent nostalgia is because there's
a modder going by the name of Max, who is recreating Descent using Unreal Engine 3
using the Unreal development kit.
And, um, the big thing about this is basically he's going sort of the path of
Black Mesa, um, where it's called Descent to UDK, where it's not exactly a remake,
but it's going to bring in the original story with some embellishments.
He's basically trying to diversify the original gameplay and, um, emphasize the,
the scary bits and new weapons, new weapons was good, but man, Descent was the
first game I played that gave me motion sickness and I sucked at it, but I loved
it for people our age.
They all remember the first time playing a game like Descent.
It was like, it's doom and 360 degrees.
No, but it's so cool.
It was even more than that.
Instead of having your, you know, little space shooters where you're on rails or,
you know, going through different areas, you had full freedom of movement.
It was amazing.
Um, I mean, and yeah, there were more games, you know, there was when it went
into Descent three, but going back to the original and bringing in those factors
that made the original great is I think a good idea.
There's, uh, Eurogamer actually has a, uh, um, trailer for it up on their website.
It looked pretty good.
I liked the music in Descent too.
All right, let's move on and travel around the world and check out some release
dates and things that are coming through more official channels this week.
Yeah, I think there's something coming out this week.
I'm sure there's a game.
Um, we'll, we'll get to it though.
Uh, see what we've got this week.
Uh, what's the, what's the big game that's coming out?
Maybe it's a Freaky Forms Deluxe Creations Alive on 3DS.
Is that it?
No, maybe.
Uh, maybe it's a game for a system that's not out for a couple of weeks.
Mass Effect 3, the special edition for the Wii U.
Yeah, probably want to wait on that one.
That's out this week.
How does that work?
I don't know.
I think, I think the dates need adjusting.
I think, I think, you know, they're, what?
We've got in hand like Scribblenauts already.
Um, not that we can do anything with it.
All right.
Uh, maybe it's Nickelodeon Bubble Guppies on the DS or Nickelodeon Team Umi Zumi and
Dora's Fantastic Flight, both rated EC for those hardcore gamers out there in the DS.
Uh, or maybe Nickelodeon Dance 2 on the Wii and Xbox 360.
No, no.
NASCAR, the game Inside Line on PS3, Xbox 360, and Wii.
Maybe?
No.
Mass Effect Trilogy on PC and Xbox 360.
That is absolutely the game, as everybody.
Totally.
Midway Arcade Origins on PS3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Also, I bought, I bought that last generation.
Also, uh, History Legends of War Patton on Xbox 360 and PS3.
Oh, I think that's coming out next year, though.
Uh, Pop Tropica Adventures on the DS.
Dragon Ball Z Budokai HD Collection on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Ragnarok Tactics on PSP.
Uh, on PSP?
PSP.
Not Vita, PSP.
They just had a Ragnarok game on Vita already.
It came out last week.
Um, Saints Row the Third, the full package on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Let's be honest, so this really has the same content that was already on disc for the last game.
Ba dum bum.
Well, except for the, except for the three expansions, but all the other DLC was on disc.
Um, Big Time Rush Dance Party on the Wii.
Rayman Origins on the 3DS.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 on the Wii.
Little Big Planet Karting on PS3.
Oh, and that's right, there is a game called Halo 4 that's out on the 360 this week as well.
And not to be, uh, outdone, Nintendo does have a game coming out.
Paper Mario Sticker Star on the 3DS one week from today.
Ray Genator just made one of my favorite jokes about NASCAR.
NASCAR has left turned the game.
Oh boy.
You really like to go left.
You really like Tide.
You gonna go to one of those midnight releases and pick up, uh, Little Big Planet Karting?
I'm not even sure if I'm gonna pick up Little Big Planet Karting.
I wanna play it, but I haven't played Little Big Planet 2.
So, probably not.
Although, I do like Karting games.
I'd be a little bit more, you know, motivated to play that, but.
All I'm gonna say, I know you haven't seen Wreck-It Ralph yet, I'm not gonna spoil it for you,
but they need to make Sugar Rush a real game.
Yes, they do.
But, because that was fucking outstanding.
I would play the hell out of Sugar Rush.
Wreck-It Ralph is in the new Sonic and Sega All-Stars racing game, Transformed.
Well, I hope there's a track or something.
There'd be Vanellope.
Yeah, Vanellope von Schweetz.
Which, by the way, there's actually a commercial for Sugar Rush.
Oh yeah?
That was done as a sort of trailer for Wreck-It Ralph.
Nice.
Um, talking about the arcade, they're getting it in four quarters on your birthday.
I so want to say a quote from the ending, and I can't say it because it's a spoiler,
but it's one of the, like, you gotta know what I'm talking about.
I was laughing so hard.
It was the funniest thing in the movie.
Like, I'll tell you later.
Off air.
I don't want to spoil it.
Alright, let's spoil some Japanese release dates.
Did you know that Japan is also getting Halo 4 this week,
and they're getting some new Xbox 360s to come along with it for all those Japanese Halo fans?
There you go.
Both of you guys can get that this week.
Also coming out this week on the Xbox 360,
Tropico 4 Gold Edition.
I think that's just a price reduction of an existing game.
It's a re-release they're doing.
It's the game with the expansion.
Alright.
On the PlayStation 3, Silent Hill Downpour, finally,
on the PlayStation 3 in Japan this week.
Shin Sangoku Musou Six Empires.
Hokuto Musou International getting a price reduction from Koei,
as well as a price reduction for Champion Jockey, G1 Jockey, and Gallop Racer,
for those of you that like your horsey racing games in Japan.
And the really embarrassing move integration.
Oh, is that the other big thing?
You're the one that looks like you're playing, was it?
Final Furlong.
Final Furlong, yeah.
That game was amazing.
Horse Humping the game.
Uh, let's see.
Lastly, when do we get Wii U stuff in Japan?
Oh, that's right.
They don't get it until December, huh?
I don't start reading those release dates until December.
How about the Nintendo 3DS?
Another 3DS LL, which is basically their XL pack.
It's a Dobutsu no Mori pack, limited edition,
because Tobidase Dobutsu no Mori comes out this week on the Nintendo 3DS.
And what is Dobutsu no Mori?
Animal Forest.
That's right.
AKA Animal Crossing.
That's right.
Animal Crossing is the big release on the 3DS.
Technically, that would be Animal's Forest.
Now, um, if Animal Crossing isn't your thing, maybe you're more into Jewel Pet.
Maho de Osare ni Dance Deco comes out this week as well on the 3DS.
That's fantastic that the, you know, 3DS isn't region-free like the DS was, because,
you know, people then can't import games that they like to play.
It would be very hard to play Animal Crossing anyway, because it's all in Japan, Japanese.
I've freaking tried on my Dobutsu no Mori for GameCube.
And even being, I read so slowly, it takes an hour to do anything.
But I think what's really cool is that,
I don't know if you guys know this, but the, well, I know I'm sure you do, Jamie,
but when the little characters read when they're talking,
in the Japanese version of the game, they were saying the little Japanese syllables really quick.
So it sounded like they were actually talking.
But in the English version, you can't really do that same thing.
So they would say the letters of the alphabet real fast.
Yeah.
So...
And see, that's why I wanted the Japanese one to play.
Yeah.
Because I thought it would help me with my listening comprehension, no.
No, it went way too fast.
Made it worse.
Okay, how about the UK, DarkSakura?
We have a few selections for the UK.
On November 6th is Halo 4.
On the 7th is Curiosity for iPhone, PC, Android, and iPad.
I hope the cube contains eternal joy.
Karateka for Xbox 360.
When is the weekend?
Are you gonna get the cube?
Do you want to know what's in the cube?
Curiosity, what's in the fucking cube?
What's in the box?
What's in the fucking box?
Tell me what's in the box.
I still have to update my iOS version,
but I would like to pirate it just for the principle of the thing.
On November 8th, we have Angry Birds Star Wars.
On the 9th, a little big cart, little big planet carting.
And Mass Effect trilogy, which I'm gonna make my husband get me.
And that's it.
You do, I hope you did realize that little big planet carting is not coming on the Vita at launch.
But if I buy it on the PS3, I'll still get my free Vita, right?
Isn't that part of the deal?
I haven't seen the sticker on the box.
I know it's on the box for the PlayStation All-Stars stuff,
but at the same time, like, I don't really want that game.
That's not even gonna sell that for me.
By the way, you know what I totally love about playing Mass Effect on the PC?
What?
Is hacking the coalesced I&I file to get other outfits.
And you wonder why you can't get online in part three.
No, I reinstalled the fucker.
And it wasn't working.
So bite my booty.
Reported.
All right, just a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week, back when games worked.
Loki.
So yes, there's a patent firm.
And I don't even know why these things exist, but whatever.
A Texas company has filed a lawsuit against Wizards of the Coast.
Or not against Wizards of the Coast, I guess.
Hasbro, who has the Magic of the Gathering online game.
I didn't even realize Hasbro does online games,
but okay, I guess I got in the video game.
So anyways, so Magic of the Gathering online.
You know, it's been out there for a while now.
Ten years.
And I guess this Wildcat intellectual property holdings of Dallas.
They're filing a lawsuit against them to get it taken offline.
I guess they hold the patent for Unit Commander.
Which calls, I guess, the ultimate mercenary trading card game.
And they're saying that it infringes on that.
Which something tells me that they probably had the Magic of the Gathering out there
for a lot longer than they've had the patent for Unit Commander.
Which, I might add, is about as generic as their patent for said game.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see if they even...
I don't think anything's really gonna happen to it.
I mean, patent troll.
We can do.
It really does astound me that Magic of the Gathering is still going after all this time.
Pretty strong, you know?
There was just a tournament here locally over the weekend, did you know that?
I wouldn't doubt it.
They have tournaments playing this like mad.
And I still suck at it.
Well, it's because they've had all this practice and...
It's true.
They've been playing for 15 years.
I took a break.
All right, this is pretty awesome.
A new remake that's been announced for the 3DS.
Dark Soccer, you might be into this too.
Dragon Quest 7 is being remade for the 3DS.
It's already got a date of February 7th in Japan.
It's gonna have a new soundtrack and so forth.
So yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah, Jump Magazine made the confirmation.
February 7th, 6,090 yen.
There will be street pass and Wi-Fi capabilities added to the game.
I don't know what that's gonna entail.
That's pretty fucking rad.
The soundtrack will be performed by the Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra.
That's rad.
Very nice.
I really hope that comes out over here.
We'll see.
Dragon Quest 7, if you weren't aware, was originally released on the PlayStation 1.
That was about 12 years ago.
It was released in the USA, Dragon Warrior 7.
Yes, it was.
Didn't they finally go back to calling it Dragon Quest in the US with 8, though?
Yeah.
I thought they did.
Oh, and the play...
Man, that's a PS2 game needed to go back and really beat.
Dragon Quest 8 was so good.
The demo for that was like a big thing.
So no word yet if that is coming here, but one can hope.
I bet it'll be one of those things we don't get to next holiday, though.
But that's pretty awesome.
Dragon Quest 7.
Well, what a good lead-in to the Classic Game of the Week.
I don't know if this week's game is 12 years old or older,
but every week we like to let DarkSakura take a step into the Classic Gaming Vault
and find a game that she thinks,
hey,
Bratz,
play this game,
and then report me for calling you a brat.
It's the Classic Game of the Week.
DarkSakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
Bank your ass.
Uh, it's Giga-Wink 2.
And I'm actually specifically referring to the Dreamcast version,
because today has been my day of Dreamcast love.
It's always a day of Dreamcast love for you.
This was a fun shooter,
and the cool thing about it is that,
even in the arcade version,
it was actually made for a horizontal monitor instead of being turned vertically.
You know another game that did that?
Radiant Silver Gun.
How's that?
But anyway, the game was originally developed by Takumi,
and it came out on the NAOMI arcade system,
and then in 2001 it came out on the Dreamcast.
It basically has like uber huge scores.
It seriously is like the ego-pumping score system.
You can actually score in the quintillions.
Did you know that?
On top of that, the good thing about it being a horizontal monitor
is that taking it from arcade to the home version,
meant that you pretty much still got the arcade treatment.
You didn't have to worry about rotating your TV or anything else,
you know, on edge or any of that,
which we've actually done some games before.
In the Dreamcast version, it added a score attack mode,
a four player mode, gallery mode, online ranking,
and which actually ended on December 10th, 2003.
So you had like a ton of different fighters.
A good half of them actually were unlocked.
You could have Kingfisher, Sparrow, Ravenstork, and Albatross,
and then you could have the Raijin,
Porchka, Stranger, Carmine, and Wilderstand,
which were from the first Giggling.
The soundtrack was super awesome,
and I even remembered when you could get the soundtrack,
it came with the soundtrack from Mars Matrix,
which is another game I probably should do,
but the music is all orchestral.
It should turn up a little bit.
They had a really crazy soundtrack.
I mean, really, I mean, in the end, it's a shooter, yeah,
but it's definitely one that people should check out,
especially since the Dreamcast is still kind of around and kicking.
And it's pretty.
And the other thing about that too,
is it is basically around the gameplay itself,
is around the absorption and reflection type mechanics.
It's huge boss fights, tons of enemies.
It's, I wouldn't quite say it's a bullet hell
as much as it is an enemy hell,
but I love the level scrolling in the design.
It's like it adds another layer of depth,
even if it is a top-down type shooter.
So definitely worth playing.
All righty.
Some Dreamcast love from dark soccer this week
in the classic game of the week.
It is Giga Wing 2, or the Dreamcast.
Very nice pick.
Let's see.
Yyr in the chat room says,
Giga Wing 2 is also the only shmup I know of
that supports four simultaneous players.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, that is going to do it for part A of our show,
but don't go anywhere.
There is plenty more Orange Launch Radio to come tonight,
including the Fugu question of the week.
Some details on the Wii U's browser.
It's going to be very interesting,
as well as some other Nintendo details.
And Mega Man Wily Wars.
If you don't know about this game,
may have fallen off your radar.
It's not a new game.
It's a game for many, many years ago.
It was for the Genesis.
It never came out in the US until now.
So we'll be talking about that after the break.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vaughnetwork.com with the 480th episode of our show.
Possibly a different time for some of you tonight,
because there was that whole daylight savings
that happened over the weekend.
And you know what they say, spring forward, fall back.
So everybody got an extra hour sleep last night.
Woo hoo.
I needed it.
Or if you were me, you got home at four in the morning
instead of five in the morning.
That was my lucky thing,
but that's what I get for going to the Bay Area
and staying out late and then driving home the same night.
Why?
Because I had Starbucks and I wasn't feeling tired.
Hooray, by the way, for Peppermint Mocha's
being back at Starbucks.
I guess technically you can get those any time of the year.
You can also get them sugar free.
But yeah, they have the skinny ones now, which is great.
But you know what they don't have yet
is the gingerbread lattes.
And those are amazing.
Anyway, it's not a coffee cast.
It's a video game cast.
It's just coffee is sometimes how we get through the day.
We will get back to video games.
Rob, coffee is how I get through my life.
I do want to mention the elections are this week.
You might have heard.
So of course, if you live in the US or, you know,
a country that lets you vote, you probably should vote.
It is your right after all.
And remember, you do not get to bitch about the results
if you do not vote.
And I, for one, can't wait for those freaking election calls
to stop calling me on my phone every 10 minutes.
I did, however, get to call Dan Lundgren.
A dick where he would hear it.
Good times.
Of course, it was an accident.
It just cracked me up that you and I
got the exact same phone call at the exact same time
while we were sitting here in the studio.
It's like, really?
Really?
Anyhow, let's get it back into video games
and some rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So first thing, we're going to talk a little bit
about a new addition for a smart glass member.
We knew that Forza Horizon was going to use smart glass,
but it kind of wasn't.
So now it is.
And so they've got some really cool stuff with that,
including an in-game map that you can use,
which is kind of cool.
And I guess it allows you to do all the same stuff
that you can do by pausing the game,
but now without pausing the game.
And you can set destination GPSes and all that stuff.
Might be kind of cool.
I'd have to check that out, I guess.
Because Forza looks like it might be fun.
Have to ask Bobby if he's tried it yet.
He did a review at vognetwork.com.
He would tell you to go read.
Well, I understand that.
But I meant about the smart glass thing.
Oh, the smart glass.
Oh, I don't know about that.
Yeah.
He's busy with the football stuff.
So I played the demo for Forza.
I didn't do the smart glass thing,
because I don't think that's in the demo.
But I like the demo.
I might pick up the game.
I don't know.
It's kind of like there's just so much right now that.
I have that racing wheel, man.
It's been collecting dust that I kind of need to use that.
So I may have to pick it up to try that.
Excellent.
Um, also something that's kind of cool, that shoot mania storm.
I was kind of a fan of track mania.
And so now they're getting into the other type of games.
Shoot mania being their kind of first person shooter arena battle game.
Although, I mean, one of the things about the whole mania series is that you can customize
everything, including the game types and all that and share those.
So it is going to be, I guess, coming soon in a beta form.
And that'll be out in December.
And then the game is expected to arrive on January 23rd, which is going to be kind of cool.
And I guess the beta is going to also have like a welcome build.
They're going to have a couple new game modes and stuff.
Like one they mentioned is laser jump and wall jump and grappling hook.
I can't help but think about looking at this stuff.
It'd be kind of cool like a 3D laser tag game.
That might be pretty awesome, but.
Oh, you and laser tag.
Fucking love laser tag.
When was the last time you went to like a Qsar?
It's been a while.
Oh, that's too bad.
I miss the Qsars.
They still have that one in Vacaville, which is like the closest one sadly.
Yeah, I think they do, but it's just kind of.
It's a sad shadow of its former self.
Exactly.
I mean, in the next closest ones in Concord or Pleasanton.
I don't know.
Well, if I can drive to Milpitas, go to the Great Mall.
Well, I mean.
And get shoes.
It's not a matter of driving there because it's only like 45 minutes away, but
it's just not worth it.
It's just very, very much in disrepair.
And it's Vacaville and like kind of a hick town.
Vacaville.
Yeah.
Let's say you're playing with a bunch of redneck guys.
And then you can go to the nut tree.
Moving on.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to localize the show.
Sorry.
And in Portals, getting some DLC that they've hinted at a while back.
It was a whole DLC that was kind of part of the.
Was it the motion controller shit that they had on PC, but it never kind of took off.
But now they have this whole move based motion stuff that they're kind of porting over from
that.
So it's the in motion DLC.
It's going to come on November 6 for 10 bucks.
And also, I guess the full game is also going to get move support as well.
They're going to patch that in.
And it was six cents was the company that made the original stuff.
It's 20 new test chambers that you can play.
And I guess they have new cubes that you can adjust the size of.
And you can also move portals around stuff and rotate objects using the move controller.
That might be fun.
I have portal too.
And I do have a move that I'm not using.
So maybe.
Maybe.
All right.
Moving on to some other news.
We've been talking a little bit about the Mass Effect trilogy.
It is also coming to the PlayStation 3.
But you'll have to wait a little longer.
December 4 is the date that was announced for Mass Effect trilogy on the PlayStation
3.
That's December 7 in Europe.
So at least it'll make it before Christmas.
But it is going to be about a month behind.
But I mean, a lot of people are waiting for the PlayStation debut of the original Mass
Effect, which, of course, will be in the trilogy.
Or you'll also be able to get it on the PlayStation Network.
It's going to set you back 15 bucks.
There's also excuse me.
Oh, sneezing radio guy's worst enemy.
There's also some detail on the DLC that's going to be included with the trilogy.
All the Cerberus Network with Mass Effect 2, of course, on the PlayStation 3, though,
you're going to get Lair of the Shadow Broker, Kasumi, which is like what you need most of
all, and Overlord.
You get do you get Zaid?
It doesn't say Zaid and it doesn't say Arrival.
So you don't get all of the place.
Arrival was really necessary to the story.
Well, they can get another 10 bucks out of you, though.
Mass Effect 3 will have Cerberus Network, but not Leviathan.
But I'm assuming it will have the multiplayer and all that good stuff.
So that's that's one of the best features that keeps it going.
So there you go.
December 4th on the PlayStation 3.
And I kind of want it just because I have I have the entire trilogy on 360, the entire
trilogy on PC.
I think I kind of owe it to myself to get the entire trilogy on PlayStation as well.
Don't you agree, Loki?
Don't you get my logic?
Don't you understand me?
Nope.
There's a Wreck-It Ralph IOS game.
If you were a fan of the movie, maybe you'll be a fan of the IOS game.
It includes Fix-It Felix Junior, which is the game that the movie's about.
I do want to point out, though, Fix-It Felix Junior is also a standalone app for free.
This other app is 99 cents, and you can also get Sweet Climber.
It has it's just inspired by Sugar Rush, but it's not a racing game.
It's a bounce up the thing.
It references the scene in the movie, but you tilt the controller or your controller.
You tilt your iPhone back and forth or iPad or whatever to move him left and right.
And then Hero's Duty is like a twin stick shooter, which was kind of neat, I guess,
except the fact that there's no tangible joystick on the iPad, which is stupid.
Unless.
I don't know if it has IK support because it's a twin stick shooter.
There's also, I'll tell you, I downloaded it because it's only 99 cents.
What the hell?
And I love the movie.
There is also apparently Turbo Time is a game that's coming, but it's locked right now.
It says coming soon.
So there will be, it looks like a fourth game added into it.
So pretty cool.
If you're a fan of Wreck-It Ralph, the IOS game's out there right now.
There was a wedding in gaming this week, and this is a pretty good one for the gaming industry.
John Romero and Brenda Brathwaite actually got married.
This is actually last weekend, but just the news came out this week.
Get this, between the two of them, Doom, Wizardry, Quake, Commander Keen,
Jagged Alliance, Wolfenstein 3D.
Maybe this is why, wasn't she one of the two people behind that
Kickstarter for like the old school RPG or something like that?
I can't remember.
I think she was, and maybe that's why.
Her name came up on the show recently.
Yeah, maybe that's why they closed down the whole Kickstarter for that.
Well, they also established a social game studio together in 2010.
Loot Drop was the studio that they co-founded together.
They were married by id Software co-founder Tom Hall, which is pretty cute.
And get this, Star Soccer, guess where they were married?
Disneyland on the Steamboat.
Oh, and then for their honeymoon, they went to hell and killed demons.
Just kidding.
And it was fun.
And it was fun.
All right, let's move on.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Some stuff, things.
How about some Ragnarok stuff?
The developer for Ragnarok is working and that's,
God, I hate when my screen messes up like this.
That's Kazuki Morishita, I believe, is working on a Nintendo 3DS title.
They're not saying what it's going to be, but he works in Ragnarok.
So hey, maybe it's more Ragnarok.
Then in more news, Treasure is working on a Nintendo 3DS exclusive.
So you know if Treasure's behind it, it's going to be fucking weird and pretty good.
Weird and good.
I mean, they did Gunstar Jokes.
Fucking weird, but pretty good.
Yeah.
I don't think Treasure's ever put out any crap.
So.
And then, Cypress Hill's shag loses $250 million at the Grand Theft Auto lawsuit.
Basically, he said that his likeness and life story was used to create the character CJ
in Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
And the judge said no.
Sorry, you lose.
Do not pass go lose $250 million.
I don't think he lost $250 million.
He lost the ability to win.
He didn't win $250 million.
But you can't lose what you didn't get.
$250 million.
Well, that and he had to pay for his court costs.
So he's probably out something.
He's out something.
Yep.
And you know what I say?
That whole lawsuit was insane in the membrane.
Womp womp.
Okay, that's it.
Oh, that's it.
All right.
Let's go to the FUGL question of the week.
Take the words Facebook and Google as in plus and slam them together and you get FUGL.
And that's where the statement comes from.
It's where we ask our fan community is a question and get their answers.
And of course, as everybody's talking about the movies, we had to make the FUGL question
about Wreck-It Ralph.
If the box office numbers are any indication, it looks like many of you saw Wreck-It Ralph
this weekend.
What'd you think of the movie?
Was it a great thing for video games or were you not happy at the way things were done?
Act Def starts us off on Google Plus saying, I loved it.
Everything about it was great.
The story, the cameos, the jokes, everything.
Anyone who hasn't seen this movie should do so.
It's great.
It truly surpasses the Disney standards.
Was it a great thing for video games?
That I really do not know since the movie only has references to games and such, but
it isn't a real video game movie like Silent Hill, for example.
It's just a story set in a video game universe.
But maybe it'll get people interested in retro gaming since most of the references are really
from the old days of gaming.
Elliot B. answers the question on Google and says, I was really excited about seeing it.
The trailer looked great.
Then I realized it's not out until February here in the UK.
Here's something I want to just pose a question.
Do you think there are kids growing up nowadays that don't know what an arcade is?
You know, one thing I will fault the movie for is that it was a little, you did have
to suspend disbelief that people were lining up at the arcade to get in when they'd open
it in the morning and that it was as full as it looked because you and I, and she all
know that arcades don't look like that anymore.
Unfortunately, there's a water park attached.
Yeah.
Right.
So, um, that you did have to suspend disbelief for a little bit, but are there kids growing
up today that don't know what an arcade is?
Um, no, because kids still have birthday parties at Chuck E Cheese and Dave and Bust, well,
or whatever, all those types of places, bounce houses have arcades in them.
Here's the, it's all ticket redemption.
You have a few arcade games in there, but most of it's ticket redemption.
Disneyland still has arcades.
You know, there's arcades around, but it's just a lot of them tend to be the dollar experiences
and, you know, they're driving games or, you know, gun games or whatever.
Just very few of the fix it, Felix Jr.
Type of games, which clearly was inspired by Donkey Kong and that type of stuff that,
that type of experience doesn't really exist anymore, except maybe in the corner to get
little use out of those old games.
So Elliot wants to snow.
He went and saw Skyfall instead.
Now see, Skyfall is now here until this week and I really want to see it.
Dan's been pissing himself over.
I actually really like James Bond movies, so I'm kind of excited about Skyfall.
Craig is pretty, he's a great Bond.
He's great.
I love his eyes.
He'll be even better as Indiana Jones.
Next up, E3VL.
I guess that's evil on Google Plus.
Loved the video game nostalgia, especially those happening in the background and emotional
spikes.
This film was like the Roger Rabbit of video games.
Seems like the movie panders way too much to the old gen gamers, 20 plus years old with
the video game references.
Younger audiences may feel bored if it weren't for the Sugar Rush game and level puns.
If you bring your kids, prepare for them to be confused and saddened in certain segments
and jump for joy after wiped tears as its problems are resolved.
Again, without spoiling too much though, the Sugar Rush thing kind of made up the majority
of the movie.
So I don't think kids, I don't think the references will be, I mean there's a lot of
references are going to go over the kids heads.
Like in the, in the, the baddie video game club, which is in the trailer, I'm not spoiling
anything.
The little like League of Villains baddie recovery group.
Like kids will just get that they're villains.
They'll get Zangief.
They'll get Bison.
Maybe, but they're not, the kids may not understand.
I think they'll get Pac-Man as well.
Why did, why did, why, you know, like there's a very obvious reference to Kano from Mortal
Kombat.
That is Kano.
Yeah, I know.
A very, very obvious reference.
And I don't think kids are going to get it.
The zombies from House of the Dead.
Yeah, but adults get it.
And you know who the purple rhino was?
The embossed monster beast.
With the fancy unicorns.
Yeah, with fancy unicorns.
But I mean, but I mean, for example, Becky's kid, he played Pac-Man.
He knows Pac-Man because they had a little retro arcade thing.
I mean, they have Pac-Man and Dave and Busters now.
It's the, but it's Pac-Man Battle Royale, that whole thing.
But I mean, there's, well, there's Pac-Man's in everything.
It's sort of like ingrained into society now.
All right, let's go to Facebook because we had some good answers on Facebook.
Tiger Claw says, I think Wreck-It Ralph is hands down the best video game movie ever
made.
Given how well it's doing at the box office, I would hope Disney do a sequel or maybe turn
it into an animated series a la Captain N. The film does a great job at establishing
the universe so I could totally see more stories being told inside the video game world and
show more of the video games that live inside it.
I agree and I don't agree with you.
I think there's the potential to do other movies in this universe that's been established,
but I kind of draw the line at the Captain N thing.
Remember, Mario's not in this movie because if Mario had been in the movie, it would have
been about Mario.
And the movie's not about the existing video game characters.
They just, all the existing video game characters play supporting roles and that's what's
really cool about it.
But Nintendo, a Captain N video game would be pretty awesome.
Captain N was absolute shit.
Well, they can fix all the wrongs, you know, the 80s weird stuff.
I mean, like Simon Belmont being all weird and stuff, but if they fix all that, it could
be pretty cool.
Xenocore in our chat room agrees with you, by the way, live.vognetwork.com.
He says, Captain N, the hell you say?
We can do better than Captain N.
Mega high.
Osfer says, honestly, I think Wreck-It Ralph did do well due to it being a Pixar film.
I got fooled, buddy.
He got fooled.
It looks like a Pixar film.
It was, look at the opening.
It's the Disney classic studio.
But it did have the Pixar logo right at the stop.
Because it was produced by Lasseter.
It was produced by one of the Pixar guys, although technically it's in the same, this
is the same studio that did Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, and more recently
Tangled, which is a very similar film, also not Pixar.
So it was produced by Lasseter.
Right.
So, I mean, it's just, you know, this is where Disney having bought Pixar, this is where
you're really starting to see the fruits of them coming together.
But Brave was the Pixar film from this year and Monsters, you or whatever, is their big
movie next year.
And I think the next Disney movie, the Disney classic movie next year is The Frozen.
Yeah.
Right.
So, all right.
Anyhow, continuing on with Osfer's comment.
I didn't mean to, like, I'm not like calling you out or anything.
I'm just saying you made a mistake a lot of people are making.
And Pixar movies are great.
Maybe that was intentional.
You know, there really is not a bad Pixar movie unless it was a sequel to a mediocre
one.
All right.
Those are usually the most hyped up films and it's rare to turn on the TV without seeing
an ad for the movie.
It's my opinion that the movie that truly did well for video games went overlooked.
Silent Hill Revelation was the closest video game to film adaptation I've ever seen and
future video game related movies could learn from it.
Which reminds me.
We still need to go see it.
I have another friend that wants to see it too.
Okay.
So we'll try to make that happen this week.
Yeah, I can't really respond to that because I haven't seen Silent Hill Revelation still.
It's on my radar.
I want to get that scene this week.
So I'll have to come back to that next week.
DDR Dollar Bill says I would have seen it if I had power but wanted to wonder if anyone
else noticed how some reviewers were comparing this to Who Framed Roger Rabbit and that you
saw multiple characters from different franchises in the same movie.
You know, I didn't think I liked that comparison at first, but now I think I do because again
in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, none of those characters were the star.
It was about, you know, Roger Rabbit and Christopher Lloyd's wacky character and all that
stuff.
So, and Jessica Rabbit.
You can't forget Jessica Rabbit.
It was really Eddie's story.
I guess that's true.
It's been years since I've seen that movie.
If you keep in mind the story it was based off of, Roger was dead.
All right, moving on to Dark Charger who says I saw this with my young son yesterday.
It's a great video game movie and a good movie overall.
While it doesn't belong in the pantheon of animated films, it is a great love letter
to every sort of gamer, especially to those that live through the golden age of the arcade
who may enjoy this film even more.
I think that it drives strength in its narrative by not simply focusing on video games, but
by not forgetting about the characters.
It's a pretty good review.
Before I forget.
Yeah.
The original story was who censored Roger Rabbit.
I'd forgotten.
I thought it was plugged, but no word.
All right.
Chiggers replied and said, I really liked Wreck-It Ralph.
My only complaint is that I wish they would have had more of the other classic game character.
Excuse me.
I think you meant to say more of the classic game characters had more of a role.
I respect their decision to not do that because I think it would have taken away.
It was very interesting to me that one of the media supporting roles went to, and again,
I don't think this is spoiling anything.
I think I'm okay saying this.
One of the media supporting roles went to Qbert because Qbert's one of those characters
where it's like, he's not a Mario or a Sonic per se, but he's very recognizable.
If you were alive in the eighties or if you have a knowledge of eighties gaming, you know
what I mean?
Like, did you kind of feel that way, Jamie?
That was a very interesting character to have be a supporting character.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it worked.
So anyhow, let's see, moving on.
The Rob D says it's undoubtedly a great thing for video games and gamers alike.
It's the first time that a company on the scale of Disney has deftly waived a great
story involving video games without resorting to cheap sensationalism.
As a lifelong gamer, I find it refreshing to see them treated as the creative medium
and source of enjoyment for so many that they are, not something that only nerds and
basement dwellers partake in.
For me, the bottom line is this.
Wreck-It Ralph treats both video games and gamers with respect.
The people who created it did a wonderful job of capturing the joy of games and the
world's Wii gamers experience.
This is the first time that's ever happened and they should be lauded for it.
Let's hope that this is the start of a trend and not an aberration.
That's a very solid comment.
I like that.
Uh, one more comment here from Degenerate Johnny.
This is also a very interesting comment.
I like this one a lot and this is the last one I'm going to read here from Facebook.com
slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Degenerate Johnny says, I will admit that the movie was quite entertaining and I think
that it places video games in a better light, which is something the industry needs.
However, I'm not sure if Wreck-It Ralph is a good thing for the progression of video
games.
The industry has grown up considerably since its inception, but it is still considered
by many media outlets, i.e. Fox News and CNN as a child's toy.
Therefore, having a successful family-friendly video game movie may be a form of support
to those who heavily criticize the industry for its violent games.
Interactive entertainment is the entertainment of this age, as was Motion Pictures, the
entertainment of the industrial age.
Honestly, I don't think that it's fair to interpret an entertainment industry based
on its interactions with other forms of entertainment.
We don't interpret William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet through that horrid excuse
of a movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
The views and opinions of OLR's fans do not reflect that of OLR.
Damn right they don't.
I love that movie.
I'm sorry.
I hate that play so much because they're both stupid.
I do agree there's better Shakespeare plays than Romeo and Juliet for sure.
Really?
The theme of that?
Hi, we're stupid.
Let's kill each other.
The end.
Wreck-It Ralph was simply a fun-filled children's movie that I hope to God will only be viewed
as such if interactive entertainment is to be accepted as the next form of entertainment.
I thought that was a very interesting comment because of the whole, and this is the part
that really got me, I don't think it's fair to interpret an entertainment industry based
on its interactions with other forms of entertainment.
What do you think about that statement?
Do you think that's a good statement that he's making there?
It does seem like, it does seem like gamers, especially in gaming blogs and the things
we read on the internet, it does seem like gamers are really obsessed with how does the
news report on us?
How do we get portrayed in movies?
What, you know, it does seem like that always peaks a curiosity and in this comment that's
kind of being called out as to why do we do that?
What other industry has success measured on how it's interpreted in other forms of art?
I just thought it was a neat way of looking at it.
Mm hmm.
It's very kind of, it actually strikes me as somewhat abstract.
Yeah.
I mean, if you look at taking one genre and portraying it in another genre, then any type
of biography about artists, about, shoot, toy story, toys coming to life and, and doing
stuff.
I guess that's true.
Some, some forms of art need each other to exist.
And I might be, I might be going way off the page of what this commenter intended.
So I apologize.
But some forms of entertainment need each other to exist.
For example, music and movies, because silent movies were way different than movies today.
Hell, even when there was silent movies, you needed, uh, the piano guy sitting there at
the front playing, you know, those two industries have always really needed each other.
And some of the best music was inspired by movies.
Or have you, well, music just goes with, like, here's going to be a really dumb example.
Have you ever written California Screamin' without the soundtrack?
Yeah.
When my chair was broken.
Was it not a little different?
It was not as good.
Yeah.
Or changing the music and things.
That's why I really like how a lot of times for showing a suspenseful part in a movie
or a game, they'll just use silence instead of, you know, they'll let you focus on the
sounds going on, not just, you know, scary music to let you know it's scary.
And of course, we'll end it on this comment in the chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Xenocore says, Rob, the answer to your question is porn.
And Robert M. also says that there are a lot of classic toys in Toy Story.
You know, what about books?
I mean, we've kind of had the Neverending Story.
What was that?
The Page Master?
I mean, that people were into that movie.
I hate to say it, you know, you had or even take comics, you know, take different genre
of story and like, for example, the whole Fable series.
Actually, you just you just really hit on something because something that's really
huge now that wasn't as big years ago was the comics and movies.
That's like a huge thing in the industry now.
And really, like before the past few years, like you would occasionally have like Superman
was huge in the 70s and like Batman was huge in the 90s, the Burton series.
But like comics are kind of big in movies now in a way we haven't seen.
I have a reason to see Guardians of the Galaxy now.
Rocket Raccoon.
Anyway, but well, the whole reason I think with that and also why I think Rocket Ralph
is doing well is that the audience, the target audience being also the same age group of
an audience that's going to have the money and, you know, maybe have kids, but also be
the people who are going to get it.
That's the ones you want to market to is our age demographic.
And on top of that, we grew up, I grew up reading X-Men and Avengers, you know, I didn't
read DC because DC sucks.
Sorry, my allergies, my sinus infections getting the best of me.
But, you know, we grew up playing these games.
It's we are at the age that we are the ones with money and the influence.
Not in the corporate world, of course, because that's bullshit.
Occupy.
But as far as what dictates what's popular in pop culture, in modern popular culture,
we're the age group.
There are too many deep discussions happening on tonight's show.
I don't understand.
What is it?
What is in the air tonight?
Where am I taking fart jokes that I came here for?
I don't get it.
Don't worry.
My next story has raccoon penis in it.
OK, phew.
Well, before we get to your story, then we got to do a couple more.
So let's get back into some news.
Loki, we will be opening up the Skype line later if you want to call and voice your opinion
on any of this.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Sorry, Loki.
I needed to plug that before we get to the problem.
Since a lot of the whole online plan for the Wii U has been kind of nonexistent or hidden
or secret or whatever, it is kind of refreshing to see that there's some information, including
now what their web browser is going to be.
And I don't know if there's anything to really be excited about, but well, here we go.
So basically it's based off the whole net front browser, which has been used in pretty
much all the portable gaming systems, the DS, 3DS, PSP, Vita, and of course, you know,
the Wii U.
It's based a little bit off of, you know, they've got Mozilla kind of backing a little
bit of the Apple WebKit as well.
And then a little bit of, I guess, the Nintendo browser, which is good or bad.
It will support HTML5.
Of course, no Flash because, you know, everyone's kind of saying HTML5 is the way to go anyways.
Because if we had Flash, we'd be able to play all of those virtual console games for free.
And Nintendo has to know this.
They have to know this.
Of course, of course.
It's going to support MP4 files as well as live streaming, MPEG4, AVC video, the H.2.64
format, although some may not be playable.
And of course, it will support, you know, just the regular level HTML4, 5, XHTML 1.1,
CSS 1, 2, or 2.1 and 3, although those are partially functioning.
I guess 3 is partially functioning.
And they say even like video web storage is partially functioning, web messaging, and
some other stuff there.
No plugins, obviously, because it's built into the system there.
And I guess they're saying that the browser will support some, you know, touch events
stuff like a touch, start, touch, and move, cancel.
I'm assuming it's all the stuff that you would have with a touchpad.
Here's the thing.
Will it be fast and responsive and easy?
Because the problem with so many of these browsers on the TV and all this stuff is that
they run like shit.
It's faster to just whip my phone out of my pocket and get what I need.
Well, they're saying right now that it's supposed to be, I guess, you know, it does
support HTML 5.
And I guess because it renders HTML 5 websites more effectively than any other console, and
they say even faster than Internet Explorer, they're saying that it's pretty good, I guess.
That's good because Internet Explorer on Xbox kind of blows because I mean, it's one of
the better browsers a system has had yet.
But like, it's so irritating that like when you go to vognetwork.com, even though we have
an HTML 5 player that will work on a smartphone, it will not work on the Xbox.
Like, OK, for example, they've got they have these ranking sites and I don't really know
how they got this information, but it's HTML 5 test and they have a gaming tab on there.
And right now, you know, the two I mean, there's not a lot of gaming browsers that support
HTML 5 through the 3DS and Xbox 360.
3DS got a 109, Xbox 360 is a 120.
And then, of course, the other browsers right now, I guess we does support a little bit
that we got a 94 in the DSI, a 94 in the Vita, a 58.
You know, in the course right now, they're saying, although it lists the Vita again,
I guess, for HTML 5, maybe that's like HTML 4 scores or something like that.
But for in the future or in development, the Wii U, a 323.
And I guess the Vita is a 243, I'm assuming that's maybe an update or something.
So I don't know, like I said, where they're getting their
information as far as how they're scoring that.
But. Interesting, I guess.
I'm trying to see if there's any other comparisons with like tablets.
OK, so let's let's look at tablets real quick.
And as you would expect, the tablets are better.
You know, the 323 is the Wii U's benchmark there.
And right now, you know, they have Opera Mobile 12.
That's a 406 and Chrome's 390.
Trying to see what else would be the closest there.
Even Windows Phone 8 is close 320.
IOS 6 is a 386.
Firefox mobile 388.
So it does sound like that your phone's going to be better at, you know, rendering those
pages, but it's not.
Not as bad even.
Fuck, even TV's are better at.
But for gaming out of gaming consoles, it is the best.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's really saying much, but all right.
When I can get my hands on it and try it.
That's when I can't really say say one way or the other.
Yeah, I just like a three.
I don't even know where they're getting.
Like it doesn't say what they're what they're testing.
I don't really know what they're testing and how how they're even testing it.
A system that's not out yet.
All right.
I have some potpourri news involving Nintendo, and it means I have a few little things I
want to get out here.
One of them is about some finally some details on what exactly the Nintendo Network premium
involves.
You remember the Wii U Deluxe Edition that has Nintendo Land as a packing game also gets
this whole Nintendo Network premium.
So what the hell is this all about?
Well, basically, you get 10% back in points that you spend on the Wii U shop.
So if you get the 32 gig Wii U with the game, you get Nintendo Network premium and you get
10% back in points if you buy a Wii U game on the eShop.
So let's say you buy a game for $59.99.
10% of that's $5.99 points.
So there you go.
You get $5 in eShop credit for every 500 points.
So, you know, basically buying a game like what?
New Super Mario Brothers Wii U online would get you enough points to buy the original
Mario Brothers on the Virtual Console.
You know, so a little something there.
It's very similar to what the Vita does already, where you get 10% off.
But that 10% that you save is not tied to their store.
It's just money in your pocket versus having this money, you know, be honestly, I don't
see downloading games as kind of an option.
I mean, I don't know, like with how fickle I get with games and stuff like that.
Like you would want to have the option to sell it back or something.
And I just there's not really much that of an incentive, I guess.
All right.
Some details coming out on New Super Mario Brothers U.
There is some more information on some of the different modes in the game,
including challenge mode, where you will have to do specific objectives like get the course
without touching the ground once or without ever picking up a coin.
There's categories that include time attack, coin collection, one up rally and special,
which is basically miscellaneous.
There's also boost mode challenges that will require two players.
Once you complete a challenge, a replay is saved so you can show that off.
There's also coin battle where up to four players will go through the course and see
who can collect the most coins.
Not unlike the recent 3DS release.
Another player can use the Wii U game pad in boost mode to place boost blocks to help
grab a hard to reach coin.
You can use the game pad to edit and customize the coin layout in dedicated courses.
That layout can then be saved and played by players using the Wii remote controllers.
At least that sounds kind of new and interesting.
I'm curious how that plays out.
Coins everywhere!
World map.
This is the first game since Super Mario World that is a seamless world map with named worlds
and courses, secret exits which can change the map.
So it sounds like it's really modeled off of Super Mario World.
Not a bad thing.
And nabbit.
A creature named nabbit from time to time will appear on the world map if you enter
the course and catch nabbit to recover items stolen from Toad.
If you get nabbit you get a P acorn which will allow you to fly continuously through
an entire stage.
I'm assuming that is like the P wing from Mario 3.
And one other thing.
You know, Loki, you give Nintendo a lot of shit on this show.
But you got to applaud Nintendo for this comment this week.
Satoru Iwata in talking about Animal Crossing New Leaf on the Nintendo 3DS mentioning all
of the download content will be free because charging consumers for the DLC would not be
cool.
Quote, that sort of element paid DLC is absolutely not being added.
He went so far as to call it unwholesome.
So basically like, you know, they could have charged for new patterns and silly.
They're not going to do it.
They thought about it, but they decided not to do it.
Loki, Nintendo's biggest critic on this show, wasn't that the right call to make?
Well, yeah, it's the most common sense call to make.
And let's be honest, the first party companies aren't really the ones that are being known
for all this on disc content.
I don't think that Sony has a whole lot of games that kind of nickel and dime you for
things.
And I don't think that Microsoft has any similar games like that as well.
So cool.
You're on equal standing with everybody else.
Third party companies.
Well, that's a whole nother story.
They're kind of in their own ruleset, I guess.
All right, let's move on.
Dar Sakura.
Well, I brought it up.
I said it was true.
This story has to do with Raccoon Penis.
What does Raccoon Penis have to do with video games?
It actually has to do with a digital art group called Massive Black.
And they've done a lot of concept art for Lord of the Rings Online, Infamous 2, Silent
Hill Shattered Memories, and Transformers 3.
They also developed their own game.
They have an artistic demo out called Moth Head that they're using to show the Unity
platform.
I downloaded this because, honestly, I had heard of the art piece that it was based off
of.
It's based off of a sculpture that is, well, it has a giant phallus on it made from the
real bone of a raccoon penis.
And if no one believes me, I will pull up the image and show everybody.
Oh, no, no, I believe you.
It's fine.
But they've done a demo called Moth Head, which is what the figure is called.
And basically, it's the figure headless with a moth attached to it.
You basically play as a moth going through this cavern, and then you merge with the creature
that looks like it was put together with different materials, and has kind of shiny insect skin.
And you solve puzzles as this creature.
It's actually supposed to be similar to, and I'm going to mispronounce this as Botanicula,
I think.
It's still a demo.
I mean, the controls aren't great.
I downloaded it.
It was originally conceived as a full length game, and they still want to do it.
But right now, it's sort of on hold while they finish their client's work, because they
still have huge groups that they're doing artwork for.
It's absolutely gorgeous to me.
I freaking love concept art, and just the fact that they would take this sculpture and
turn it into a figure in a game, just is sort of like combining two of my favorite things.
Find modern art and video games.
I'll post the link of the image in the chat room.
All right.
Let's move on, Loki.
All right.
So I don't know.
We talked about, we talked a lot about recent video, I don't even really call it a video
game movie, but a video game based movie.
Let's talk about another one that probably won't turn out as well.
And that would be Castle Wolfenstein, the movie.
Apparently, they've got Roger Avery back on his role as the writer and director for
the movie.
And this was a movie that was announced, what, five years ago?
So, yeah, I don't know if anyone's going to even remember what Castle Wolfenstein was,
at least any teenagers be seeing such a movie, but-
Doom level skip.
I don't know.
But anyways, their plot, if we must go back in there, a young U.S.
Army captain and British special agent are on a top secret mission to Castle Wolfenstein
where Hitler, who is a young U.S.
Army captain and British special agent, are on a top secret mission to Castle Wolfenstein
where Hitler will be unveiling a new secret weapon.
That sounds awfully generic.
Does this mean the Hitler robot that was the boss of one of the-
I hope so.
Oh, boy.
It could be.
I think it could be dumb fun.
As long as it's not attached to it, which he is.
Emphasis on dumb.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I think this is kind of neat.
Now, you know, Sega is no stranger to repackaging their old shit and they've done it a lot, a
lot.
And, you know, the various collections, whether it be download, PC, or these little hook them
up directly to your TV things, right?
There's a new one on the way out.
It's called the Sega Genesis Ultimate Portable Game Player, and it's coming out November
13th.
It's going to cost $59.99.
That's 60 bucks for a Genesis, but it has 80 games built in.
That was fakely like a nomad.
37 of them are going to be from Sega.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It is not.
It's this one that you plug into your TV.
No, it looks like a portable system, doesn't it?
Might be both.
It could be both.
Do it with the nomad.
Yeah.
I'm trying to see real quick at that.
I'm not sure.
Anyway, there's 37 of these games from Sega, three from Capcom, and 40 from assortment
of other publishers.
Here's the thing.
One of those Capcom games that's going to be on this player, Mega Man, the Wily Wars.
Now, if you don't know what this game is, it's remakes of the first three Mega Mans
on the NES, along with a game called Wily Tower, like a little mini game.
It only ever actually came out in Japan and Europe.
It was on the Sega channel in the US, but how many people actually had the Sega channel?
So most people missed this when it was first out.
So it's very interesting that all these years later, the Wily Wars is actually going to
be out.
Now, I'm sure half of you out there have already emulated this at this point, but it's
still worth saying that this is on its way out and who knows what else, what other goodies
could be in there.
The only way we know about this one is it's on the box.
So who knows what else is in there?
That's pretty awesome.
That really is, honestly.
I mean, I've played it.
It's fun.
Yeah.
I remember the first three games are great.
Now, granted, there was also that PlayStation 2 GameCube collection that was also the...
And wasn't that the Wily Wars versions of the game?
Correct me if I'm wrong.
It's been a long time.
It's a 2.8 inch LCD screen.
It's a handheld player.
Rechargeable battery built in, USB cable included for charging battery.
Doesn't look like you can hook it up to the TV.
I still recommend Power Battle.
You never know.
All right.
So there you go.
Something new all these years later in the US.
Let's go to the email bag.
Every week we collect your emails at mailbag at orangelawntrader.com.
All one of them.
All one of them.
The Darkstalker is going to dive into the email bag and say,
Hello.
Hello.
And then she'll look on the ground.
Oh, one lone little email in here.
It got stuck to my toes.
Let me just reach down here and pick it up.
And she'll read that one email on the air here tonight.
And here it is.
I see that the stores have Wreck-It Ralph toys, but only three characters in the first wave.
Ralph Fix-It Felix Jr. and Ralph in the Hero's Duty armor.
Duty.
I understand why they can't flood the shelves of Bowser's, Clyde's and Cubert's.
Who even holds that license now?
I know a New York holding company licenses the Gotlight Pinball Tables.
But what about the arcade cabinet games?
But right now more of the movie's original characters seem to be Disney Store only.
And just to ask Loki, seriously this time, you mentioned suffering from weekend headaches.
This is something affecting me as well.
So what does your doctor think is causing it?
Allergies or stress maybe?
No, it'll go my doctor.
I think it's honestly, it's a combination of a bunch of things.
I think it's, it may be the fact that I wake up like every hour, a couple hours at night.
And it could be my pillow is just really uncomfortable sometimes or, you know.
Um, I should show you the pillow that I use.
It got rid of most of my headaches.
Loki also gets a lot of stress caused by this show because he
pops blood vessels every time a Nintendo story comes up.
Let's be real.
I've seen that eye twitch.
That comes from Robert M.
Um, the first part of the thing about the licensed toys.
Um, I think honestly that just would have cost Disney extra money.
Disney doesn't want to push other people's properties.
They want to push their own properties.
And remember, and I don't know if you've actually seen the movie yet or what have you,
but remember the movie just uses all these licensed stuff to
kind of get you into the plot that involves characters that are not based off of real games.
So of course Disney wants to build their own characters.
So, you know, I think, I think that's what it really boils down to.
So, but I think you're right about it does seem like a lot of the characters they did use again
were, and a lot of the references were not necessarily the most popular games.
I mean, they're, they're recognizable games that doesn't make them the most popular.
For example, Dark Soccer already mentioned earlier in the show,
there's a reference to roadblasters in the movie.
I think everybody recognizes roadblasters, but did roadblasters really have that same
financial impact and did it make that same kind of money
that maybe other comparable racing games did like pole position per se?
Probably not. Or Iron Man, Off-Road, Stewart, that whole thing.
Probably not. But everybody recognizes it.
So I think there were just some really smart choices in what was used.
And because I'm sure somebody is going to mention it if I don't,
there's even a DDR reference in the very beginning.
Nobody's really playing DDR or anything. It's just the DDR.
Uni is the one that calls out and it's in one of the trailers.
Uni is the one that kind of calls out the arcades closed, you know, that type of thing.
So, you know, and again, I doubt Uni cost an arm and a leg to license.
I think there is an actual DDR machine in the movie.
It is.
Yeah, there is.
There's an X2 machine, if I remember correctly.
Right at the start.
They licensed the likeness from Konami, I'm sure.
But that probably cost them a hell of a lot less than
licensing Simon Belmont would have cost, you know?
So they're smart.
Uh, Robert M in chat says, and technically, yes, but what I was saying was
hope and hopefully vanilla girl and Sergeant Calhoun will be later characters.
Oh, well, yes.
I, I hope, I hope they are too.
Vanellope Von Schweetz.
Is that what you're talking about?
You know what?
She also made me think of Penelope Pitstop because the name was similar.
Even if Sarah Silverman annoys the shit out of you,
which I know she's a very controversial comedian.
I think she's hilarious, but I, I understand that she really
is like nails on a chalkboard to some people.
She does a really good job voicing that character.
She, she was a really good pick for that character because
that character is supposed to be a little bit nails on chalkboard,
but I thought that was a really good pick.
In fact, all the voice actors were really good.
Jane Lynch, especially was a great choice for that character.
She was perfect.
Yeah.
And, and, uh, the, the 30 Rock guy as Fix-It Felix.
I mean, this is, they were all very great, great picks.
All right.
Uh, since that's it for the emails, shame, shame.
Mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com.
Send us more emails to read next week.
In the meantime, and don't tell us about, you know,
inheriting money from some guy in England.
Yes.
Or your, you know, pyramid scheme or the French spam has to stop.
And the French spam.
All right.
Viva la French spam.

All right.
Speaking of things that make us angsty, like French spam,
it's time for the FUs of the week.
My FUs are, first of all, to the end of my sinus infection,
to, uh, origin.
Well, actually specifically the patch for mass effect three and EA's customer
service was keeping me from being able to play my game without restriction and
all of it, but really I can't play it at all.
Um, and, uh, I had another one, but I'm distracted by raccoon penis.
Um, I guess just F you to, um, I'll F you to this whole week because we're
in the whole crux of like the fourth quarter stuff.
And fortunately in the position of distribution, um, see distribution
right now, it seems like they don't get call of duty black ops too early enough.
So the independent stores get theirs for midnight launch, which pisses off
everybody and keeps having those people ask, how am I supposed to stay in
business and compete against games?
It's like, listen, I'm not your fucking person.
That's supposed to tell you that if I told you that that'd be running your
store.
I'm not running your store.
I don't get paid enough to run your store.
You don't go up to, you know, you'll own a restaurant and go to your butcher
wherever you go out.
Why can't I compete with these other restaurant chains?
You know, it doesn't make any sense.
So it's annoying.
And on top of all that, the rest of my coworkers, sales staff gets to go to
Napa for fun three day weekend.
But because I landlocked the wife, I do not get to go to Napa.
Not that I was enjoying that because it's all wine tasting.
I fucking hate wine.
So I like wine.
No, I don't like wine.
See, I was excited about it cause I was like, sweet.
Second day is usually kind of that whole fun.
You get to go do whatever you want.
Well, they have like activities planned out, but now they only have one activity
and it's wine tasting.
See, my activity would be fuck all the activities.
I'm driving to Menlo Park and I'm going to go to fucking Cuzar.
But, uh, no, that's not gonna happen.
So it's fine.
Um, I don't know.
I have general angst this week, but not things I can really put into words.
Just stuff and things.
So F you to stuff things.
That's all you get.
All right.
Uh, let's move on to a few more quick news stories and then we're going to get to your
calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR and Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
But first, two more stories for you.
Loki.
Well, we talked last week about some closures regarding, uh, Zynga and some of their Zynga
properties kind of going buh-bye.
So the first of those properties to be kind of going away, which goes to show how much
of this I'm actually, um, interested in, which is none of it.
Um, Fishville.
I mean, seriously, this whole Ville thing's got to stop.
I mean, it looks, it just sounds stupid, but Fishville and Treasure Isle are the first
two games, um, that will be kind of going by.
And, uh, this, they're going to stop running, um, on December 5th.
And I guess Fishville is a game where people fish.
I don't really, or are fish.
Imagine that.
I don't know.
It's, it's, I don't care.
Yeah, I really don't.
Um, yeah.
But they do refer to their players as Fishville-ers as, uh, this email from the Fishville team.
Yeah.
Hmm.
All right.
One more story for you guys.
Here's one for the classic OLR fans.
Uh, DDR Classroom Edition.
There's some extra information coming out about DDR Classroom Edition.
That's right.
That's kind of where DDR lives on now is in PE programs in schools, which I think is great.
You know, it's a great way to get kids involved in Dance Dance Revolution.
Here's the interesting thing about DDR Classroom Edition.
It's probably better than any other version of the game.
300 songs in the song list, including like some weird songs.
Songs have never been in DDR from like Walk It Out.
You know Konami did that game Walk It Out.
There's some songs from Walk It Out that are going to be in the game.
New tracks from 0039.com.
New dance mania licenses and several licenses from Sony Music Entertainment.
What?
Apparently going to get new music updates every three to six months.
After some successful location tests in Southern California and some schools there.
They're being very aggressive about the title.
Too bad it's something for schools and not for people to like actually get.
Well, here's the thing though is I think a lot of this stuff that they're probably licensing
for the Dance, uh, the Classroom Edition is probably going to end up in Dance Dance Revolution.
The fourth or fifth reboot of the franchise.
Oh, the new one coming out.
I think that'd be my guess because they're doing too many licenses.
I doubt they would dump that much money into a Classroom Edition,
which really doesn't need a diverse.
I mean, if you think about it, do you really need a diverse soundtrack for the Classroom Edition?
I mean, most, I'm assuming most of the stuff is going to be picked by the,
you know, the teacher in the class and no one's going to go,
Oh my goodness, I really want to hear that song by the Screaming Masks or
Trailers.
There's a pink song, So What?
I've heard that song on the radio.
Natasha Bedingfield, Pocket Full of Sunshine,
although I think wasn't that in the DDR release on the most recent PlayStation?
I don't know.
Chris Brown's song, you know, because they really should encourage his stuff in schools.
Uh, yeah, that's a huge song list though.
397 songs looking at the PDF.
But the question is-
I'm sure it ain't cheap.
Question is, and you know, thankfully they have this totally not sorted by artists.
Is Holic in the game?
Is Holic in there?
Holic is not in there.
At least I didn't see it.
Maybe future DLC.
Hot Limit though is.
Awesome.
You say Dramamine.
All right, uh, let's go to the phones.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
The phones are now open.
You can give us a call.
I'm gonna go to the Twitter topics, but I gotta grab my iPad.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
No, I was just checking out-
Shit.
Stop it.
I was just checking out some of the songs that are in here.
I was just, you know, seeing what they've got here and-
I'm sorry, I was asleep.
They've got, um, they really don't have this in any sort of order.
But, uh, I'm trying to see if Holic is in here.
Holic is the best song ever.
They have, uh, Silent Hill.
Thomas Howard, you know, for Christmas.
So that's kind of cool.
Um.
Is that what happens in school now during the winter?
Is like DDR time?
You know, I think it'd be fucking awesome.
It would be really awesome to have that.
Because it was what Ultimate, like, it was like dodgeball or something like that.
What the hell did we used to do?
Play basketball maybe?
We used to do square dancing.
Yeah, we used to do square dancing.
Square dancing was the best.
You're weird.
I, it was the one thing I was good at.
Grab your partner.
That and pickleball.
Did you guys ever play pickleball?
No.
That was the other thing.
It was like, it was like tennis, but kind of like dumbed down a little bit.
We had, we had a game that we would play that was called Sink the Bismarck.
What?
After the ship from the World War.
But, um, but basically it was a, but you had two sides and you had a few students in the,
um, middle and they were the land, they were the water mines.
And so the students were all the ships crossing the ocean.
And if one of the land mines managed to touch, or not land mines, but the water mines
managed to touch one of the other students, then they became a mine and they had to stop
where they were.
And until the last one left was the winner.
So.
I just remember every Friday we had to run the mile.
Uh, let's see, going to Twitter topics at, uh, twitter.com slash O L R.
Um, thankfully there's no, let them move as to share 100.
Matt linked us this story.
I thought this was in our show role, but I think it just might've made not made this,
uh, this week.
I don't know.
Take two is going to be opening a new Las Vegas office.
Yeah.
You know, it was one of the stories you posted that we just didn't get to tonight.
Cause you, you talked to grand theft auto somewhere else, but, uh, yeah, 150 jobs in
Las Vegas, a brand new downtown office, Las Vegas region development agency is offering
up $600,000 in incentives to take two.
If they open the branch, I'm telling you, man, Vegas is a pretty awesome cause everyone
really thinks of Vegas is kind of like, Ooh, casinos and stuff like that.
But it's actually a pretty cool suburb with like really cheap housing.
And it's not bad.
If like you're not into the whole casino thing, it's still like a nice suburb.
I'm not sure if everybody who lives there would agree with you, but let's go to the
scene.
Like a nice suburb.
I don't know.
Hi, you're on orange.
Don's radio.
Who's this?
Uh, a survivor of the hurricane.
Ranma.
Hey, so you came out.
Okay.
Huh?
Yeah.
Pretty much.
Um, one of our studios, AKA Joe big day, uh, she lost power for a few days, but other
than that came out pretty good.
Well, you know, a lot worse things could happen than losing power for a few days.
I'm, I'm glad to hear places are recovering, you know, it's, it's, it's really tragic
seeing a lot of the stuff that's happening along the New Jersey shore and all that.
Like all the jokes about reality TV aside, like seeing that roller coaster just submerged
in water is just like, like jaw on floor type of thing.
It's just, it's, it's, it's upsetting.
But, um, you know, I know the photos of the train station is right by my house in the
one few little bit down the way.
So, you know, water had me spazzing.
And then like on Wednesday when he started saying, you can take trains, you can take
some of the buses.
Me and a couple of friends went down to Coney Island to survey some of the damage.
I saw the pictures.
It didn't seem like it was that bad.
Truth is it really wasn't.
It was just mostly water.
The beach itself was just, just wrecked.
Um, I did shoot video and one of the people I had spoken with, he said the main thing,
reason why most of Coney Island came out intact is because the, where the hurricane was coming
it wasn't coming in from the, from where the beach is.
It was coming in from...
It was coming up through land, wasn't it?
Say what?
Wasn't it coming up through land?
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah.
So all the shops along Coney Island, like before you hit the beach, they took the brunt
end of everything.
By the time it got up, there was just really just a mass of wind.
Yeah, pretty much.
And now they're talking about another storm coming our way in about two days.
Oh, goodie.
Well, this is why you're supposed to fill your bathtub with water, have bleach, get
canned food, buy all the bread.
Tape your windows.
I did all of that and we had a big ol', a big ol' bucket of hurricane to drink.
But, but I, but I will tell you, welcome to my childhood.
Rama, I'm sure you didn't just call in to talk about the storm, but thank you for the
update.
What's on your mind tonight?
Um, my issues with Xbox and banning people for names and insults and stuff.
I mean, I kind of see both points on this.
It just feels like this is no different from being in high school and you're being bullied
and you're hearing N word, F word, K, all this, all this stuff.
And it's like, if you run your, if you go, go report it, this happens, that happens.
In a way, I kind of feel like, you know, just let them handle, let them handle their own
business, you know?
But on the same token, if it's just a bunch of friends running their mouth, having a good
time, you got that one person coming in, starting to freak out and then all hell breaks loose.
Yeah.
But if you're going to play with your friends, why would you let that one person in anyway?
Because you know, it's always in that, in the group is like, you always bring that one
person and like, Oh, don't worry.
He's cool.
He's understanding.
Oh, she's cool.
She's understandable.
And then you're like, and you find a little, Oh shit.
Or back in the day when we do PSO and only three of us were online and we wanted a fourth
to do, uh, the full challenge, we would, uh, just go to open lobby, the three of us and
pull another person.
Yeah.
You can kind of, um, also one thing to remember about the Xbox 360, cause we've done this
with Mass Effect 3 a lot is that you can go into party mode and you can chat in the little
party chat that's on your crossbar or whoops, that's the Sony thing, whatever they call
the, you know, the main interface on Xbox dashboard, it's on your dashboard.
So like, you know, like Shane and I might be playing Mass Effect and maybe we have,
you know, acidic vampire, Oscar, somebody with us.
It's like the three of us will be in the party chat and then we'll bring in a random fourth,
but they can't hear us because we're in the party chat and that dialogue doesn't go out
in game.
So, you know, we have to remember the Xbox does have that infrastructure set up.
So if you do want to bring in randoms to fill out your party, you know, you can still have
your closed conversation without worrying about offending some stranger.
There we go.
Yeah.
So that is, that's the solution, but still, I, I still get what you're saying, you know,
where, you know, you don't want that one per, cause still you could be bringing somebody
into your little party chat that maybe you kind of didn't estimate correctly and maybe
we'll take offense.
But I think, I don't know, I guess Microsoft to some extent maybe has a, has a responsibility
to not regulate private games the same way they would regulate a public game.
Well, that works for me.
Just like if I want to say in the privacy of my own home, I want to say every offensive
word I can think of and believe me, I know a lot of them.
If I want to say those in the privacy of my own home where nobody ever hears them, but
Alan, you know, that's between Alan and I, right?
Yep.
Although some would argue it's toxic to use those words in any circumstance, but that's
a debate for another time, I suppose.
Yes, definitely.
So gosh, anything else still on your mind tonight, buddy?
A friend of mine did a voice in Wreck-It Ralph.
Oh really?
What voice?
Do you know?
He was Ryu.
Get out!
That's awesome.
It was a quick scene, but it was, it was funny.
Everybody laughed.
That's very cool.
And if everything goes according to plan, I'll be going to see it this week dressed
as Luigi and I will have pictures.
There you go.
Even though sadly, I'm sad to report, Luigi's not in the movie.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Luigi's still number one, super guy.
Well, we need, so you haven't seen Wreck-It Ralph yet?
No, I have not.
Well, we do need the movie to be black Luigi approved.
So, um, you know.
So will the Wii U launch.
We need stories from the Wii U launch.
I don't, I don't, I don't know what's going on here.
Like I, everything about this launch is very mysterious to me.
Like, I don't, like, it seems like it's all done in pre-orders.
Like, are people even camping out?
Is that a thing anymore?
People are camp.
My younger brother, Greg.
He, upon hearing about the pre-orders and all of this, he sends me a message.
You are coming with me to camp out for the Wii U, right?
I guess.
You are coming, right?
Okay.
I will be there.
Just save me some soup.
I don't want to camp out.
I just want to go on Amazon and have him ship it.
Like, I'm just lazy.
I'm too old to camp out.
You haven't ordered it yet?
I don't care.
And I don't want one.
I'm hoping I have connections that can help me get one.
Well, I plan on getting one, so.
There you go.
Well, you have to let us know how it is.
Oh, by the way.
I'm just, I'm buying it so I can just put it on eBay.
One thing real quick about Wreck-It Ralph.
The little film at the very beginning of it will give you sniffles.
It was so paper man.
The little short.
Cause that's like a thing now.
A lot of the Pixar movies and Disney, even Disney classics have these shorts in front of them.
Yeah, it was really good.
It was called paper man and it was really sweet.
It was cute.
It was cute.
All right.
Referring paper man to slender man, but I'll be it from me.
All right.
Well, Rama, we're going to let you go so we can get some more calls.
Okay.
All right.
Cool.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Always nice to hear from Rama.
One of the hosts of anime jam session Tuesdays on the voice of geeks network.
Although I didn't mention this during the show, but some of you probably picked on or I picked
up on this, our feed was down for like four days this week.
It was pretty crazy.
So some of our programming got rolled over to next week.
Critical myth.
We'll be back, uh, next week with some of the episodes that got missed due to the outage.
I think the Warcraft shows, unfortunately, they're just going to have to be missed.
But anyway, we got another call coming in.
So let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey guys, it's the one and only degenerate Johnny.
What is up degenerate Johnny?
You wrote that comment on Facebook earlier, right?
Yes, I did.
I called into follow up on that.
Please do.
All right.
So basically it seems to me that, you know, gaming in the culture that we live today,
it still hasn't really gotten it through these people's heads.
I mean, look back a few years back, um, Fox news, you know, I geeked out when Fox news
was saying, Oh yeah, we're going to have a, we're going to talk about mass effect.
I'm like, Oh my goodness.
And it was nothing but a bash fest over that 30 second love scene.
I'm like, what the hell is this crap?
Of which, of which there is much worse stuff shown on Fox television.
Like, exactly.
You know, I mean, good.
Oh, that's it.
Just, I was just saying like glee and house and all those shows have far worse content.
Right.
Exactly.
And even their quote unquote expert, uh, Cooper Lawrence said it herself that she saw, you
know, sayings and loss that were actually more explicit than that love scene, you know.
But, you know, it seems, it seems amazing to me that, you know, nothing has evolved
ever since, you know, 1993.
This is where I think the gaming industry has evolved from a child's toy was the moment
that Congress approached the electronic software association after Mortal Kombat and Doom and
saying, Hey, you know what?
We appreciate, you know, what you guys are doing, but now your content has more than
one form of audience.
You have to separate it.
And, you know, from that point, I think that was a turning point from us being a child's
toy or a fad into actually becoming, you know, the next form of entertainment.
And well, let me, let me, let me throw this out there just to be devil's advocate.
It's not that I disagree with you, but I want to throw this thought out here and see what
you think about this because 20 years ago, which, you know, 93 was almost 20 years ago
at this point, another industry that faced a lot of battles in Congress was the music
industry.
And this is because gangster rap started to take a storm a little bit.
And this is where that whole little black and white sticker that says parental advisory
caution explicit lyrics came from.
And a lot of this is perpetuated by the same person between the two.
Yeah.
Hilarious.
Right.
But, but, but, well, you know, where it came from regardless, you know, music doesn't get
that same, pardon the pun, rap that video games does and being accepted in mainstream
culture.
Although I guess one could argue, there's still a lot of people that say gangster rap's
not music.
It's garbage.
There's people out there that feel that way, whether they're right or wrong.
So I, you know, it's, it's just interesting to me that, you know, music fought a lot of
that stuff in the nineties too.
Yet.
Oh, I mean, it fought, it fought against that battle, you know, way before then.
I mean, hell, the Beatles were, were considered the devil's music.
Play the records backwards.
Remember?
Yeah.
I was like, how am I worshiping the devil when I'm hearing, I want to hold your hand.
What the hell?
Because it's you, it's you wanting to hold the devil's hand as you walk through the lakes
of fire in a fiery hell.
Oh, dear Lord, Lordy.
Oh my goodness.
Yeah.
It, you know, it just astounds me.
And, you know, you know, the follow up on, you know, what I also said is that, you know,
I do agree with you that entertainment today actually requires, you know, you know, technology
and it has evolved.
I mean, hell, that is what the saying is.
Art is alive and it evolves.
I mean, you know, like I said in chat was, you know, the gladiatorial arts was the entertainment
for the Roman society and it now has evolved to cage fighting, boxing, if you want storyline,
pro wrestling, you know.
And so I've been actually studying up on this and seeing how, you know, all these forms
of entertainment, obviously still some entertainments, you know, are a little, you know, they cling
to their old ways, you know, tradition, which I do respect.
You know, there's obviously plays and playwrights and it, you know, as a matter of fact, you
know, what you and Jessica Harper recently did with Rocky Horror, you know.
I mean, that is a, you know, a form of evolution from, you know, the plays and playwrights
and, you know, it's becoming, you know.
It's funny you bring that up because that in particular is something that is, I actually
was at Rocky Horror last night.
That's why I got home at five in the morning because I was with one of the Bay Area cast
who was celebrating their 17th birthday as a cast.
Rocky Horror, I know, right?
Rocky Horror is something that's been around for 35 years, but it is interesting.
You talk about it.
Oh God, I could fill another show with this.
You just set me on a tangent.
It is interesting that that whole stuff could be considered another art form because there's
other movies now that, you know, people want to kind of shadow cast and bring to that.
And especially with the group I've been working with here in Sacramento, they really have
made an art out of it.
I mean, I know I'm talking them up, but you've got to see the way they do repo the genetic
opera.
I mean, like that movie for all practical purposes is kind of stupid.
But when you see the stage show of it, you're like, is this shit for real?
This is crazy.
And I mean, words can only came and describe it.
You know, it is the exactly the atmosphere.
And now they're talking about doing it for, and I don't know how much I'm supposed to
stay on my little radio show or not, but now they're talking about doing it for the room.
And there was talk about doing Scott Pilgrim versus the world at one point.
They've had to put that on hold.
I think it's a rights thing, but that was like going to be a thing.
So, yeah, well, Jessica said something last night on under sedation life that she was
actually going to be doing something that involves the room.
Yeah, I, I, I, I have mixed feelings about the room, but anyway, we'll leave that to
another show.
All right.
But let me, let me, let me go back to video games of this.
I want to ask you about this so, so we can wrap up, um, because you did kind of make
the comment on Facebook.
Let me ask you, what would you like to see happen next with the video game movie working
hand in hand together in this fusion?
What would you see like to see happen next with that?
Or do you think we need to stop obsessing about it?
Honestly, I think we need to stop obsessing for, uh, on it because you know, you look
at the past, the two industries never really, you know, you know, they never really, you
know, generate a form of like something that's really successful.
There's never been a real successful video game that has been based off of movie and
you have never really seen a movie, a very successful movie, uh, you know, uh, being
based off of a game.
I don't see Oscar winning award games and I know we all want to see Mass Effect on the
big screen and you want to see Warcraft on the big screen.
But those movies are gonna suck.
Let's be, if you are a fan of those games, there is no possible way those movies are
going to satisfy you.
And I think I really do see your point here because there is no possible way, no possible
way you can adapt the Mass Effect games into a movie and leave people satisfied.
They will be pissed just like Harry Potter fans always are mad that the books aren't
adapted correctly.
I'm sure somebody's got a problem with Lord of the Rings, although to be fair, they do
it okay.
But I mean, it's just Mass Effect is a video game.
It is not going to work as a movie.
But here's why Wreck-It Ralph worked because Wreck-It Ralph wasn't a game.
It was a movie about gaming culture.
Exactly.
And I think, and that's why Hope is just, is viewed as a story that, you know, revolve,
you know, and it's a little bit, you know, involves the characters that we all love to
play with.
But I just hope it doesn't go past that.
It's like, you know, and still is, you know, conceived as a, you know, what video games
are today as, you know, a child's toy because we have progressed so much beyond that point.
All right.
Well, Degener, Johnny, I gotta let you go so we can see if we can get another call and
wrap up the show.
But great phone call.
Don't be a stranger.
All right.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Really good points.
We, I, he hasn't called into the show an awful lot, but I like some of the stuff, some of
the points he was raising there.
So definitely worth talking to.
Appreciate it.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If we can get another call in here real quick, we'll take it.
Otherwise, we might just wrap up for the night.
Let me go to Twitter though, cause I still had some more of these tweets I wanted to
get to, including one from Tiger Claw that talks about the Halo 4 Amex card thing.
I remember reading a little bit about this, but you know, I don't have an American Express
myself, so I just kind of scrolled on by.
But apparently there is a, excuse me, there is a partnership between Microsoft and American
Express so that if you are a card holder, you get coupons and credits for tying your
account to Xbox Live and playing Halo 4.
Very interesting.
If you sync your Amex account to your Xbox Live account, you can get coupons to theaters,
packs on, dah, dah, dah, dah.
An automatic credit of $10 in the US or 10 pounds in the UK.
If you play Halo 4, you get credits and coupons on your in-game achievements.
If you complete the single-player campaign on normal or harder difficulty, you get a
$25 statement credit.
If you are one of the first 25 people in the US to complete the campaign alone on legendary
difficulty, you will be entered to win a trip to the 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo.
Well, that's not irritating or anything because, you know, E3 is a very exclusive thing to
be able to get into, but apparently you can win your way in through Amex.
I'm glad that the integrity is being kept up.
Yes, I'm so glad that we're keeping the independent press out of the events for the nasty, filthy
things they'll say about it on the internet, yet we're gonna let a contest winner from
American Express get their way into the show.
Uh-huh, I see how it is.
Let's see, you talked about the Wizard of the Coast lawsuit thing, right?
Because we have a tweet on that, but you already talked about that.
Let's see, another tweet from actdeft.
Is DRM going too far?
Sorry, I'm reading the story here real quick.
Let me look at this.
The title of the...
This is a forum post, okay?
He links us to a forum post on overclock.net.
Razor Synapse 2.0 software mouse unusable if you don't have an internet connection.
The poster, who goes by Channel X99, just bought a new Naga 2012 mouse, installed the
software, and got greeted by a login screen right after.
No option to bypass it to use the software to configure the mouse.
Set the options, sensitivity, shortcuts, macros, etc.
So I create an account and try to log in.
Nothing.
Try several more times.
Nothing.
Try to make new accounts.
Different email addresses won't work.
Finally, call Razor, who tells me the activation server is down, and I won't be able to use
the mouse until it goes back up, and will only be able to use it as a standard plug
and play mouse till then.
I ask about a workaround to use the mouse offline, and they say there is none.
That's a stupid...
That's completely awful.
That I would be writing a letter to the Better Business Bureau.
Which I'm about to be doing for Origin.
But D.R., you can't...
Do they sell counterfeit mice?
I mean, is that a thing?
I don't want to get political, but I'm honest to God, this is the first thought that jumps
into my mind.
There's this very controversial proposition on the ballot in California.
It's Prop 37.
And it has to do with labeling certain types of food.
I'm not going to get into where I'm leaning on this proposition or whatever.
I'm just going to say it's...
If it passes, there's going to be additional warning labels on food and restrictions on
what can be called a natural food or not.
The reason why I bring that up, that mouse ought to carry a fucking sticker on it.
Bright and big.
Will not work without an internet connection because you, the buyer, have the right to
know that shit before you buy it.
Take the mouse back, buddy.
Especially a mouse like that.
We're not talking like a $20 mouse.
We're talking like $100 plus mice.
There is no reason...
There should be a warning label on that mouse.
And any video game that requires this shit.
Because an internet connection is an additional fee, right?
Most MMOs I've played who have a sticker requires internet connection to play.
Even games.
Okay, that's a little understandable that they have DRM because they want to avoid piracy.
What the fuck is DRM supposed to be for like an accessory, hardware?
What the fuck do you need DRM for for a mouse?
Shouldn't there be like...
I hate to sound stupid and I might by saying this, but I don't care.
Shouldn't there be like antitrust shit involved because you're forcing somebody to log up
for your crap because you bought this particular product at the store?
It's like you're making somebody sign up for this other service because of your foothold
in the mouse keyboard.
Isn't there a questionable legality to that?
I mean, maybe because we're talking about a mice and keyboard company.
It's kind of a niche market at gamers.
They do have their $2,500 laptop that's coming out this week as well.
Hmm.
Let's see.
Go into our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
TigerClaw says the only thing I'm doing with the mouse or keyboard is turning the LEDs
on or off.
So when I go to bed, I just load up the software to turn them off.
All other features it has I don't use because that's mostly features associated to gaming.
One more tweet from actdeft who says fairy solitaire is free to download on steam for
a few days.
Who knew that?
Get it now.
Keep it forever.
If you want the addicting card game fairy solitaire where you find and raise a fairy
pet and repopulate the magical land of Avalon using the resources found by clearing each
level.
Sounds like you can get that on steam for free right now.
And honestly, you should if you're even if you're not really that interested in it, if
you're mildly interested because hey, it's free.
I know I'm giggling there, but you know what?
Props to them making it free.
How can you?
I'm sure it's better than Yaris.
That is a very low bar to take seed there.
All right, that's going to do it for our Twitter topic tonight and the other interactive parts
of our show.
We're going to close up shop.
And Skype just like freeze my computer.
Thanks Skype.
You drop the live listeners and everything.
Sorry, that was Skype's fault.
Not Comcast fault.
That was Skype's fault.
Sorry for the stream drop there.
All right.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for telephone calls and Twitter and all that good stuff.
Let's send the show.
Do you have any other last minute stories either?
You guys have something to say?
Yeah.
What tomorrow is my mom's birthday.
So happy birthday, mom.
Even though you don't listen.
Happy birthday to dark soccer's mom, even though she doesn't listen.
Yeah.
Loki, any other last minute stories or anything?
It's about slow news.
We have anything MXC and chat says don't knock it.
I tried playing fairy solitaire on a whim and can't stop playing.
It's been three hours.
I have another thing to say, but I'll say it for last.
I want to quickly say this.
Shane, if you're listening and you're in chat, will you link the listeners that game you
were talking to me earlier on Warcraft about?
It was hilarious.
I wish she'd called in to talk about it.
It sounded hilarious.
You like start playing the game and it looks like an edutainment title that's about fractions,
but then he was talking about how like it just starts pulling, like it gets weirder
and weirder and weirder and like suddenly you're like at the top of this government
conspiracy and it turns into a text adventure game.
Like he was like, I, I tried playing it for 30 seconds and I'm like, I don't get the joke.
This is a stupid game.
Close window.
But then he was telling me about it on vent and I was like laughing because it sounded
really ridiculous.
So if he's not listening, I'll get the link from him and we can talk about it next week
because Loki, I think you of all of us should probably play this game.
It sounds like something you'd get.
Sounds awesome.
You like flash games that are weird.
All right.
Um, okay.
Let's go around to get everybody's final thought.
Jamie, you had something in mind already, so I'll start with you tonight.
Your final thought.
I'm going to wreck it.
My final thought tonight is baked potato.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Um, mob arena.
Hopefully they'll be coming soon and otherwise check out the map that we have for the vog
server.
If you're not part of it, you should join.
It's fun and you get to build stuff, but if you want to check out the map, vogmc.co.cc
and you can check out what we're building.
Peek in.
That's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show or listening to us live.
However you choose to participate with orange launch radio.
We really appreciate it.
You know, we've said this a lot, but it is true.
We're an independent show.
We don't ask for anything.
Please just tell a friend or two.
I guess this is something.
I mean, we don't ask for money and stuff, but, uh, I like money that you can just give
it to me.
A tell a friend or two or five about the show.
Help spread the word.
The voting in the podcast towards we talked about earlier.
That's a great way to do that, but you know, there's other ways to spread the word to
tell a friend.
Give us a nice review somewhere.
Help spread the word of orange launch radio.
Let's get some other voices in the community.
We had some great discussion tonight on a lot of different topics.
This is a good show.
This is a very grown up show, very grown up show.
So we need some more special episode of orange lounge.
Remember it was, it was a very special voter.
P Diddy will kill you.
That's right.
And vote or P Diddy will kill you.
And of course we're talking about the podcast exactly.
And now we mean the election on Tuesday.
It's your friends.
The vote to for both more the merrier.
That's right.
All right.
Thanks you guys.
Have a wonderful night.
We'll see you next week to do this all over again.
Uh, where's the closing music for your consideration best gaming podcast.
Here it is.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com.
Sunday nights at system.
This program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network,
but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
