Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, November 18th, 2012, the Wii U launches in North America, loyal Microsoft users are
rewarded with a free Xbox 360, and PlayStation Plus is set to debut on the Vita.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle with my buddies.
Say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm sick of donuts.
Oh god, not the hostess thing. Were you one of those people clearing out 7-Eleven?
No, no, actually not at all. I was watching Undersedation Live last night and they were eating, well Travis was eating Ding Dongs, Twinkies, all kinds of stuff and all of a sudden I wanted donuts and this Martin Final around the corner from my house had them.
So I bought 10 of them and gave a pack to a homeless guy and the rest of them are now in my fridge at home.
So should I have the urge to eat a donut, which I really shouldn't be because wheat makes me sick, but I have them now. I ate a pack today, I wish I hadn't.
Here's the thing, I'm not going to get into the whole why about it, but I'm going to tell you why the closure pisses me off is because Hostess also makes, and I don't know if this is a nationwide thing, it might be a regional thing, but they make this bread called Columbo Bread, which is the sourdough bread that is so flipping good.
Columbo is its own brand.
Right, but it's part of Hostess.
I know, right, but Columbo also makes frozen yogurt.
Oh, okay.
Columbo also makes a bunch of other baked goods, but they also do, because it used to be a major competitor for the company that my dad used to work for.
My dad used to work for a distributor called W.J. Powell Company and they did a different bread for their supplier.
Columbo was one of the big southern competitors.
Oh, I always thought they were based out here because San Francisco is sourdough bread.
Yeah, but they also do other kinds of breads.
Oh, okay.
It's a national bread company and they also do frozen yogurt and other, let's see what I'm thinking of, mass distribution foods.
Well, my point was, I'm not going to be able to get that sourdough bread anymore, at least until somebody buys the company or whatever.
Well, you can go to Fucking Boudin and get good bread.
But I love Columbo Bread, you shut up. Alright. Also, say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
I completely was ignoring everything you guys were talking about for the last minute or two.
Hostess, you don't have an opinion on Twinkies?
I don't like them.
I think people are going way too crazy over this, but it's because everybody remembers them from a kid.
Like, I don't know about you guys, but like a Twinkie was like a staple dessert that came with your little bag lunch.
Holy crap, it's cake with frosting inside.
Wow, no one will ever be able to do that.
Well, Little Debbie, if you eat Little Debbie stuff, strawberry shortcakes are superior.
No, no, no, no. It's all about oatmeal cream pies.
I don't know if they actually had like a Hostess like end cap or whatever at our local grocery store, and now it's all Little Debbie stuff now.
They just like completely removed it all. I don't know if they have like return it all before, you know, their, you know.
Little Debbie was probably the one that, you know, convinced them all to join the union and all that. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I don't want to go there.
All right. Also say hello to the one, the only Jason is joining us in studio tonight.
Hello again, everybody.
Mr. VX Jason X V X Y Z Q R S T U P.
Yeah.
Hey for me.
How you doing?
I'm tired from zipping south of San Francisco and north of San Francisco and train for much too long as usual and you know, but I'm here. So why not?
And commuting back and forth from Colorado.
Uh huh.
Which by the way, being that you see, politics is pretty bad here because you know, it's bad everywhere, but like at least we're not a swing state.
Like everybody knew how California was going to vote.
Oh yeah.
Your state on the other hand. Oh my God. You must be really fucking sick of politics.
And this is I not watching TV.
The only exposure to politics that I had was every once in a while that Facebook either a sponsored post or you know, a friend liking something that shows up on my feed.
It was surprisingly minimal.
I didn't get too much of it and I could very easily just skim the sponsored posts.
But the one thing that I did get is YouTube partner channels. The ones that actually monetize their channel. Politic two minute political ads every single video.
And there have been a couple of gaming shows. The Continue Show, Game Grumps, and then individually John Chon and Egoraptor.
I've been watching a ton of their videos and they all monetize.
So the start of every episode, the end of every episode for whatever reason, even though you can just skip it, and the middle of particularly long episodes.
Political ad, political ad, political ad, political ad, political ad.
So it wasn't terribly specific for my region, but it still sucked.
This is why you don't see Wii U commercials anywhere because the politicians bought up all the ad space.
Yeah, they really did.
There it is.
I'm going to have fun trivia about politics since we're on the subject to get it out of the way.
So everybody knows the two candidates that were in all 50 states.
Most people know that there are actually six candidates that are in 47 of the states, I think.
Like Roseanne.
Correct. Roseanne Barr, Jill Stein, Gary Johnson, and I always forget the fourth guy.
Columbus voted for Jill Stein, by the way.
Virgil something.
Yeah, Virgil Goode. Virgil Goode. Somebody always remembers that name when I never do. It's the weirdest thing.
You know how many presidential candidates were on the Colorado ballot?
How many?
Sixteen.
Wow.
Yeah. I don't know if it was sarcastic, but somebody told me that the only thing you have to do to get on the ballot is to have some kind of party application.
You have to have some kind of a political party and pay $500.
Now, okay, I'm not going to ask you how you voted in elections because that's, you know, a touchy subject and whatever.
But also I do want to remind everybody, it is a video game show and there is the always present extra guest in our chat room.
Hi, everybody.
Duke Nukem says don't fuck with Roseanne.
We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, voguesnetwork.com.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. It is a live experience.
But of course, we love the podcasties as well.
And he said, yeah, Duke Nukem says don't fuck with Roseanne.
So Duke Nukem must have been a Roseanne fan.
I'm not going to ask about the big one because, you know, that's still got a lot of, like, a lot of ruffled feathers and so forth.
But I got to know, how do you feel being in one of these states where you can get weed anywhere you want now?
It is legal weed.
Up to an ounce.
Up to an ounce.
Up to an ounce.
I don't, I.
I know you're not a smoker.
And to be fair, disclaimer, nobody here at OLR, like, actually smokes it.
But, you know, I.
I love brownies.
I find the cold.
I just, I.
That's how I found out I wasn't actually allergic to the substance.
I'm allergic to the smoke.
I actually eat all that snacky food because I'm just a fat pig.
Like, I'm not even smoking weed.
I'm just a fat pig.
But how do you feel about all that being in that state?
The best thing that's come out of this is the humor on Facebook and the local communities because of how many people I follow that live in the area go figure that the the jokes, the pictures, the memes, they are actually pretty damn funny.
Getting high while you are actually high in the Mile High City?
That's a new one to me, actually.
I just like the one of the fog rolling in.
Yes. Yes.
Suddenly in Colorado.
Well, my my my favorite as well is the whole fact that, like, it's a fucking cruel joke that hostess closes the week after they legalize marijuana in two states.
And it's like, what kind of fucking stupid business decision was that?
Maybe you own Twinkies.
You were sitting on a gold mine anyway.
No, they were too busy giving themselves raises and not worrying about things like benefits.
All right. All right.
And pensions.
Fucking greedy ass fuckers.
But since we're all look, since we're all like under the age of like 50, I'm sure we can agree that yay to those states that finally voted the right way and either legalized or stop the banning of, you know, marriage and all that.
So, of course.
Yay to Washington and all that.
It makes it more difficult because we have to watch out for for state officials.
We don't have to watch out for state officials.
But when we hear about a federal raid, then it becomes a little bit more dangerous because as the disclaimer goes, it is still illegal at the federal level, which ultimately supersedes state law.
All right. Anyhow, we got to get to video games.
It's been a busy week in video games.
We're getting too political.
Let's pause. Shut up.
Don't talk about politics.
I tuned in here about games.
Fine. We can talk games.
Let's talk about Wii U, obviously.
Everybody's heard that joke, but in part to Bobby, who does the show before us every week.
But Big Day in Nintendo World, the Wii U launched.
How are we feeling about the Wii U?
So I teased before the show.
One of us did get the Wii U.
Jason, was it you?
No, I've been busy in California.
Dark Soccer, did you buy the Wii U?
I'm not a whore.
So that means it's between Loki and myself.
Now, Loki, you do work for the distribution company.
I do work for a distribution company.
And you've been shading the shit out of Nintendo on the past few episodes of the show.
That's true.
Did you have a change of heart and did you buy a Wii U?
No, I already own a Wii.
Yes, it was me. I bought the Wii U this morning.
Surprise.
I did. Yep.
So let's talk about the Wii U a little bit.
I guess I'll start since, you know, I actually have one.
No, here's the thing.
I went back and forth on that Wii U thing a lot.
I made a very cryptic tweet last night talking about...
Because here's the thing.
I chose not to go out and stand in line and all that stuff for the Wii U last night
because Irene, who a lot of you old school OLR listeners know,
she used to be on the show all the time.
Irene was visiting and...
I'm trying to make it sound like she doesn't live here,
but she came over and we went out for her birthday.
So I chose to go get drunk at a gay bar rather than go stand out in line.
I think I made the right decision.
So I pretty much convinced myself, you know what?
I don't need a Wii U.
I'm not going to get one.
I'm over it.
You know, I'll get one in January or whatever.
And then this morning, I fire up the Target app and I just look out of curiosity.
It's like 11 o'clock.
They're still in stock at the store nearby.
Let's just go take a look.
Walk out of there with my Wii U Deluxe set.
Not only are you a whore...
I found one at noon.
I found one at noon, still on a shelf in Target.
Not only are you a whore, you're a waffling whore.
So they're not sold out like the Wii.
Oh, I guess...
They probably are now, to be fair, because there were two left and I bought one.
So...
See, Nintendo, Apple helps you sell your stuff.
If you're going to pick any mobile platform, Apple.
I'm sure that isn't a surprise to hear me say ever.
So to be honest, I've only really been able to spend like 30 minutes
playing actual games on the console.
Because as I'm sure you all heard, there's that massive 5 gigabyte update.
And that took an hour out.
And you know, I had to do other stuff to prep for the show.
So I didn't have a whole lot of time to really sit down with the Wii U.
But I'm going to tell you like this.
This is the impression I got of the Wii U with the little time I had playing it.
You know, this isn't a reference everybody's going to get.
If you live in Northern California, you know the Winchester Mystery House.
Dar Sacra, for those that don't live in Northern California, please explain the Winchester Mystery House.
The Winchester Mystery House is in San Jose.
It was built by this lady named Sarah Winchester, who was married to the Mr. Winchester,
who made all the guns and killed people.
Well, his guns killed people.
And, well, she thought she was being haunted by the ghost of everyone who had ever died with one of the Winchester rifles.
So she went to a medium who said,
Yeah, you're being haunted, so you have to build a house to trap all the ghosts in.
And if you stop building, you'll die.
Well, she built a house seven stories tall, with all these rooms and construction never stopped during her life.
Until she died, then construction stopped.
The top three floors were knocked off during an earthquake.
And now the rest of it's been turned into sort of a tourist trap.
But it's a really neat house.
There's stairs that go into the ceiling.
She has very small doors, and because Ms. Winchester had horrible arthritis and was very short,
she has these little tiny steps that go in spirals all through the house.
There's a seance room that has, I think, seven doors in and no doors out.
There's a door that opens just to the outside from the second story.
Oops, dead.
There's a huge basement. People see ghosts there, all kinds of stuff.
So there's a reason I have Dark Sakura tell that story, because that's how I kind of feel about the Wii U,
is that, like, there's these doors that you'll open and there's a wall there.
And there'll be, like, a half-finished tunnel.
And it's like, oh, you can click on Amazon Prime, and then it's like, surprise, it's fucking nothing.
You know, like that gif.
It's like, there's all these weird, unfinished things.
And I really feel like so much of the infrastructure, they're building as they go along.
Like, it was some mandate within Nintendo.
That fucking thing is coming out on November 18th, come hell or high water,
no matter what has to happen to make that happen.
So there's still a lot of unfinished stuff.
But, Loki, before you get your smart-ass comment out, I'm going to say on the plus side,
getting to play Mario in HD, with what little time I spent with it so far,
it's a pretty solid Mario game, and I'm really enjoying it.
And just kind of like, wow, it looks great, and it plays neat, and so far I'm enjoying it.
I also really love the subtle touch of the music being different on the television and on the Wii U gamepad.
Like, it is really cute how, like, some instruments will be on the TV and some are on the gamepad.
It creates this really neat 3D sound that you don't really have anywhere else.
And it's kind of a neat little, it's a neat little thing. I like that.
So yes, Loki, I know you're dying to comment on my consumer horridom, so please.
No, I'm just saying that I don't know why you're surprised that there's stuff that's not finished for the Wii U launch.
They did the same thing with the Wii, the DS, the 3DS, it's just Nintendo.
And they're, well, we want people to buy our stuff, but oh hey, it's not complete.
You know, all those wonderful features that we were pimping out during our E3 conferences,
hey, TV, Nintendo TV, nope, not fucking there.
Oh hey, Rayman Legends, really awesome launch game, launch window, by launch window he means coming out five months later.
I mean, come on.
At the end of the day though, what's the rule, the system is only as good as the games that are on it, blah blah blah, right?
So how solid are the games? And I think the question you have to ask yourself is do you need this new Mario game,
because that's clearly the all-star out of the bunch, I think for most people.
Although ZombiU, a lot of people are saying really nice things about that.
I haven't played it myself, but I'm hearing if you like old school Resident Evil games.
And then Nintendo Land, your typical pack-in game.
You know, I only did a little bit of Nintendo Land, but I like some of the variety in some of the games.
I don't think Wii Sports level is going to draw people in, but I think it's a neat way to show off the console.
I did a video chat too with Shane, and it's okay.
I mean, the quality is kind of comparable to FaceTime.
It's a little slow to connect, and then it does this really weird transition thing when you connect to the other person,
where it ripples in, and it plays this music like,
It's like this big debut, like, oh my god, I'm going to video chat!
And then like, oh hey, it's Shane. I haven't seen him before.
It's just like, oh, your princess is in another castle, but here's Shane.
Poor Shane.
But the quality was good enough that I could see his doggy running down the stairs in the back of the room,
and I was like, oh, although when he was looking at my setup,
Jason was sitting back here at the table, and I'm like, Shane, say hi to Jason.
He's like, hi, he's doing that whole, I don't know who I'm saying hi to,
and he told me later, he's like, yeah, I couldn't see Jason,
but I could totally make out the Wendy's bag that was sitting on the table, so I know where he ate dinner.
And that's how I really want to be remembered. My last meal.
And then you can draw on it, but, you know, so I was writing, like, hello, and all that stupid stuff.
So anyway, my time with the Wii U has been interesting so far.
I think they're going to kind of keep adding to it.
And at the end of the day, if you want a Wii U, you just have to ask yourself, how bad do I want the games?
Because the infrastructure right now is not really where it's at.
Like, there's still a lot of, like, I want to be able to explain Miiverse to all of you.
I don't fucking understand it at all. Like, I thought it was supposed to be like Twitter,
but you don't really make public posts. You can either send messages to people,
or you comment on community posts, which in turn are public.
And people, like, I don't fucking get it.
It's okay. Nintendo doesn't fucking get it either. They just put this shit together and, like, done.
It looks like Facebook or Twitter. We're gonna just say this is our online network right here.
Raginator in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
So, what was the TTP for the newer listeners?
It's an old OLR acronym for Time to Penis. Whenever there is a new piece of hardware,
we always measure what's going to be the time before somebody puts their dick in it.
Oh, I'm sure it was a few seconds.
No, because he's asking, what was the TTP with the video chat?
Shane and I don't, we're just friends, so that was not a thing. Sorry.
But I'm sure somebody else-
But Rob totally had a penis up on his iPhone.
I'm kidding. I don't know.
I'm like, I did? Maybe if I was looking at porn. I don't know. Alright, anyway.
But, yeah, that wasn't part of it.
So, let's see. Tigerclaw says,
One thing's for sure. Expect Rob to post nothing but kiddie pics on the Wii U.
I would love to post a broad- like, I would- if you want to follow me on the Miiverse thing,
although I'm not sure what that will accomplish, but I'm Rob Roberts.
So, all one word, Rob Roberts, so you can follow me or whatever.
And I'll be happy to post kiddie pictures publicly, but I can't- like, it won't let me do it.
Like, I don't know how- like, unless I go randomly reply to some community message,
like, oh, no one care about the Skylanders community, let me just go post my kiddie pics here.
Like, we need- all the Nintendo communities in Miiverse right now are just game communities.
Like, I need a kiddie community.
Where's my lolcat community? Anyhow.
Well, they don't understand online. It's just- it's the way it is.
Yeah, now they have online. They have something that sort of resembles what we had last generation.
You know, if we're gonna consider this another generation, but they just don't get it still.
And, I don't know, it's just- enjoy, I guess.
I'm gonna be honest. I'm gonna be honest. My early thought, and keep in mind, early impressions can sometimes change.
So here's my disclaimer. This is my early thought.
I kind of think the Wii U is not- I mean, it's not a next-gen system. It's not.
It is more the pinnacle of this generation.
I get what they're trying to do with the whole controller thing. It is kind of a neat experience.
I'll give them that. It's, you know, I hazed it a lot earlier on.
But that tablet is really fucking crystal clear, and it does enhance some of the games. It's pretty neat.
But I'm not sure, like, I really don't feel like I am in the next gen of gaming, or this is really pushing the envelope as far as graphics and everything go.
No, it's more like Nintendo's finally playing catch-up. Yay, they're caught up. You know?
Until next year.
Now I get to finally play Mario in HD and so forth. So, at least that's where I'm at right now.
Rama in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Reggie said it wasn't next gen.
And you know, that's a fair response, because we as gamers make all this shit a competition sometimes.
You know, and Nintendo is trying to say, wait a minute, wait a minute, no, we're not a next gen, we're the other gen.
It was the exact same thing with the Wii. It was the exact same thing with the Wii.
That's just an easy way to argue that your system sucks. I mean, it's-
Well, hold on though.
Oh, we're not competing with anybody, we're in our own market, therefore we're number one. I mean, that's stupid.
But the Wii sold more than PlayStations and Xboxes, that is fact. You cannot dispute that.
The Wii was the winner of those last three consoles. Whether you like it or not, that's the way it is.
Well, it's because they had a great pack-in game, everyone bought it. Not gonna happen this generation though.
Nothing wrong with that last generation, but I think I agree with him about the Wii U.
And I think I said as much when I called after I was at the launch experience, is that because of the higher tier in order to actually have a pack-in,
and the fact that there is not something that you just drop into, it's been forever since I played Wii Sports,
you turn it on, you pick a game, and you start playing. There are a lot more hurdles from what I've seen of the Wii U,
and that's unfortunately quite detrimental to the commoner.
The thing with the Wii U is that they assume they're really targeting this at people that bought Wiis.
They're not targeting this at new consumers, because if you're a new consumer, then guess what?
You can't play multiplayer, because you got one fucking controller and no other controllers with it.
You have to go buy all those $40 controllers, and all the nunchucks that go along with that,
and all the other accessories that you need to play those games, because once again, they marketed this at people that own the Wii.
And those people that own the Wii, some of whom, yes, will buy the system, but you're not gonna see old folks' homes or anything like that,
purchasing this to play Nintendo Land, no one's gonna give a fuck, because they're playing Wii Sports still.
I just, you know what, okay, I gotta wrap up, because I gotta go to the next thing, because we have another big thing coming up,
even before gaming weeks, we got another big thing.
And you know, I seriously have nothing to say about any of this.
Really? As a gamer, you have no opinion?
Because I don't have one, probably not gonna get one.
I mean, yeah, it's nice. I told Dan I kinda wanted one.
You know, but I can't talk about something that I don't own.
And it's also, it's not something, and I say this to everybody, it's not something you really, like, have to have.
No. I mean, like, you know what I'm more excited about? Fucking Omega.
And that's what you're into.
Yeah.
Here's the thing, here's the thing, and I wanna kind of start to wrap this up, and I wanna make this comment,
is that, you know, despite all of that that you guys are saying with Wii U,
I really think this thing is down a similar path as 3DS.
And I realize 3DS to some extent is struggling as well,
but I think Wii U is gonna gain a lot of steam next holiday,
because you know that big holiday game's coming out,
that Zelda's coming out next Christmas, or the big Metroid or something.
There will be a huge game, and one thing Nintendo does very well,
the characters in the story, love it or not, they have rabid fans.
And that's gonna sway a lot of people to picking those up even next holiday,
even with new Xbox and new PlayStation possibly out on the market.
And I guess this is a whole other can of worms.
I think we'll have new Xbox.
I'm not so sure right now we're gonna have a new PlayStation next year.
I don't see why they should be in a rush.
Why should there be a new Xbox by the same token?
Honestly, I don't think it's really gonna be, they're not gonna be worried about it,
because the longer they take on their systems, the better they're gonna be.
And if you think about it, if they're, okay, let's just say this system is not next-gen,
this system is current-gen.
How are you gonna compete against the Xbox?
The Xbox, or the PlayStation 3 for that matter, they have a huge library of games,
and they're probably gonna be cheaper.
So, why should I?
And that's the other problem too, is like, I have an Xbox 360 and a PlayStation 3,
and even if I just had one of those, there's no need for me to buy a Wii U,
unless I really want to play New Super Mario Brothers in HD,
which, you know, it's kind of like, you know,
I probably would have already played it on the Wii, or on the 3DS, or on the DS.
And it's just not that, no, it's just like throwing a fresh coat of paint on an old game.
It's fun.
Yeah, cool, Mario games are fun, and I can play New Super Mario Brothers on the Wii,
on the 3DS, on the DS.
I don't need to buy a brand new system for $350, plus the game, to play it.
Play it, it's not worth $410.
Alright, we have a whole nother year to debate this shit until the next console comes out.
I do want to transition to something else here, Jason, final thought.
Um, long-term claim chowder, because of his kid, Loki's gonna be surprisingly in Nintendo camp in about four years, five years?
Nah, he'll train the kid to love Call of Duty.
He's not gonna love Call of Duty.
He can love whatever he wants, but that still doesn't matter.
Because if he wants to play a Mario game, guess what?
There's the Nintendo, there's the Super Nintendo, there's the Game Boy, there's the DS, there's the Wii.
I have plenty of Nintendo consoles to play all these stupid games.
I don't need to buy a brand new system to play New Super Mario Brothers with a fresh coat of paint.
No, forget it.
Yet you already have that many of them.
No, I don't have those systems, but I have emulators.
I can emulate all those systems and I have a Wii, which, let's see, the last time I played that Wii was a few years ago.
Well, actually it was a couple months ago, but that was my wife playing the Wii.
Alright, we're gonna go to a call, because we're gonna go have a chat with Rama.
And I believe he has a friend there with him, too, from...
Hi, you there, Rama?
I'm right here.
Hey, and you have a buddy with you, right? From AJS?
Yeah, hold on for one second, I'm gonna bring him right in.
And he's right there.
Oh, hey, look at that. Conference call on Skype. Hey, how you doing?
Doing fabulous.
This is... Forgive me if I'm saying this wrong, Taiki?
Taiki.
Taiki, how you doing?
Fabulous. Fantastic.
Awesome. So you guys were at the launch event last night, right?
That's correct, sir.
And so I'm guessing, you know, all them media cameras were everywhere and it was hype, hype, hype, hype. Was it hype, hype, hype?
No.
To me it was a lot of hype and a lot of the chill, chill, chill.
Yeah?
Well, from what I observed, some media, but you know how media goes. It was a little directed. Nintendo told them where to go, what to shoot, at least as far as I could tell.
There was a lot going on in the crowd, but it seemed like the media really didn't want to be there.
Wow.
That was my, that was my, that's my opinion.
You know what though? From my limited time when I was studying to be originally in college, I was going to be a broadcast journalist. Here I am.
That doesn't surprise me. They get very unenthusiastic about a lot of things. I think it's just, you know, you build up a resistance to hype, you know, but anyway.
Right.
So you guys both went as media to cover it and so forth for AJS and OLR, but did you guys walk out of there with one? Rama?
No.
No? Taiki?
Nope.
No? What, what made you not want to do it?
I had to go see my folks next, next month. So between, between that, yeah. Plus I would also be massively jumping the line, although that would have been great.
Oh, did they sell out that night?
No, but there was a considerable line. After the event ended, we all went to McDonald's to get a little, to get a little nosh. And when we left heading back to the train station, we noticed that there were still about, I would say about 50 to 100 people still in line.
Wow.
Yeah.
And from my knowledge, the line went up until about five o'clock in the morning because some people on my Facebook, oh, let's just say one of my friends kind of went home dejected.
Oh, ouch.
That's unfortunate. All right. Well, you guys are at the event and you guys got some interviews and so forth. So we want to play those here on the show. So tell us about what I'm playing.
Well, the ones with the market share, that was Taiki's idea. Taiki, you take that one.
Okay. So we were at the Duane Reade across the street from the Nintendo World Store, you know, preparing. We had about four hours to go. So I'm thinking, it's time for some Red Bull. So we leave and I'm looking at the line and I was thinking there's probably something interesting, something interesting here.
I mean, he's got a lot of people here who obviously enjoy fun. Let's bring it down a little. Let's do something a little more fun.
My thought was we need to do something with these people in line. And, you know, you've seen those segments on Conan where they send someone like Triumph or whoever to the line and they start, you know, I was thinking we need to do something like that, but not insulting, but very funny and very much inside gaming.
So my idea was let's start asking people who, you know, look like they're a little older, who will know older consoles. What will the Wii U do to the market share for, say, the Dreamcast or the Neo Geo or the Jaguar?
All right. Let's check out some of these interviews with people and gauging the impact of the Wii U on the market share.
We found this man in line. What is your name, sir?
John, but you can call me the Hux.
The Hux? Interesting. So Wii U, what do you think?
It looks like a very interesting console. Good innovation. I'm really impressed with the changes they've made to the network specifically.
But some of the launch titles look good. I'm sure it's only going to go uphill from here. And I'm really impressed with the controller as well.
Okay. And speaking of the controller, how do you think that the Wii U is going to impact the Dreamcast market share?
The Dreamcast market share. Dreamcast is probably the best system, number one. And all I know is if I want to...
You're very brave saying that in front of the Nintendo World Store, sir.
Hey. Dreamcast. Go buy one. Buy some CD-ROMs. Go get a disc burner. I don't know what you're going to do. Put some games on there. Play that up.
This man knows what's up. This man knows what's up.
Your name, sir? Jason.
Jason, what do you think of the Wii U?
I'm really excited for the Wii U. I've always been a hardcore Nintendo fan, so...
What do you think of the new controller? I think it's awesome, dude. I think it's a big step forward in gaming in general.
So, what do you think that the Wii U is going to do to the TurboGrafx-16's market share?
So, that's a serious question?
Dead serious.
You know what? I'm not even worried about market shares.
So, wait a minute. We've got a new Mario game. How do you think that's going to compare to Bonk?
I mean, Bonk has its place. You can't take that away from Bonk.
The man knows the stuff. Let's go.
And your name, sir?
My name is Plino Bozzato.
Alright, and what do you think of the Wii U?
I think it's going to be awesome. I'm really excited about that. I really am.
What do you think of the new controller?
I think it's very innovative. It's fresh.
And it's nice because after the Wii, which was very innovative and brought something new,
I think this controller is a follow-up and it's really nice. Can't wait.
What do you think that the Wii U is going to do to the Neo Geo's market share?
Oh, wow. I don't have an idea. I hope it's going to keep the leadership that we brought.
I don't know.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
My name is Kim.
Hi, Kim. What do you think of the Wii U?
I think it's amazing. I can't wait to play it. I'm so excited.
So what do you think of the new Wii U controller?
It's actually very light. I've played it before, so it's surprisingly light and it's just amazing.
It brings the whole game to life.
So what do you think that the Wii U is going to do to the Sega Saturn's market share?
Sega Saturn?
Sega Saturn.
Panzer Dragoon, Virtuon, Virtua Fighter.
Your name, sir?
Carlos Rivera.
Carlos, what do you think of the Wii U?
Oh, I'm very excited about it. I've been reading up on it since they announced it was going to come out,
and that's why I'm here now, to get it.
Excellent, excellent. What do you think of the new controller?
Oh, I love the tablet controller. I love the fact that it's a tablet.
You can play the games on it, other than your screen. I love that.
What do you think this is going to do to the Atari Jaguar's market share?
The Atari Jaguar has that 16 numpad button controller.
Well...
That was pretty innovative.
It was pretty innovative, but I'm going to be looking into that too, of course.
Excellent, excellent.
Do you think maybe that girl might have known what an N-Gage was?
Maybe she should have checked on that market share. I don't know.
She's like, what's a Sega Saturn? I don't know.
That just makes me hurt in my heart.
Please, no one remembered what the N-Gage was.
I love the people in the background going, whoa, Wii U, whoa!
Sega Saturn, I'm not into astronomy.
I used to have an N-Gage.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, we gave it away.
So, Loki, I thought I saw you kind of twitching over there a little bit
when they were asking about the tablets,
and some of the people were kind of giving the same answer.
So innovative, so different, so new, so fresh.
No, that's not an answer. That's just like a canned answer.
That is literally right there. That is subliminal advertising.
Basically, they keep hearing it repeated to them that this is so innovative and stuff,
and then they go and say, oh, yeah, it's so innovative.
That's what they tell their friends.
What is so fucking innovative about this tablet?
Oh, it's a tablet that exists pretty much on everything right now.
It is a shit ton better than SmartGlass, I'll tell you that.
Oh, come on. That's just stupid.
SmartGlass is just a glitchy app that's early in the development cycle right now.
I mean, this is like the vision camera.
Obviously, the vision camera is crap.
Obviously, the Kinect camera right now is crap.
So, yes, I expect SmartGlass to be kind of, eh, stupid.
All right, what would you want to say, Rama?
I said SmartGlass is nothing more than a fancy Wi-Fi remote for the 360.
That's all it is.
All right, well, before we get into that.
So, tablets, all it is is on life for the Wii.
Fair enough.
Well, not really. I mean, the big difference that you'll see with the Wii.
I think it's a huge difference too, but anyway.
It's low latency, that's all.
It's latency. It's low latency.
Anyhow, all right, let's talk about some of these other interviews.
Who else did you talk to while you were there at the show?
Well, while we were discussing the whole market share little quip,
we came across this one guy named Nick who does charity for one of his closest friends
because they were on the line for the Wii,
but unfortunately, his friend passed away from leukemia,
so they do a chocolate charity in his honor every year.
Oh, that's cool. I like that. Let's hear it from this guy.
We found this man. Your name again, sir?
My name is James Brief.
James, do you have any particular connection to the Wii and Wii launch dates?
Yeah, actually, my friends and I years ago were in the same line waiting for the Wii,
and one of our friends, Nicholas Capobianco, since then, he passed away from leukemia,
and every year since then, our friends, we get together like we did in the old days,
and we have a gaming marathon where we play games.
We can stream it live on the net at nixmarathon.org, and we raise money for Child's Play.
It's a charity that raises money for pediatric hospitals.
Very cool. Very reminiscent of Loading Ready Runs, Desert Bus for Hope.
So I think that's very cool.
Do you have any other comments about the Wii Wii U?
Oh, looking forward to it.
What do you think this is going to do to the GameCube's market share?
I think connectivity is on its way back.
Fabulous.
The connectivity is on its way back.
Well, that's a very noble cause. That's actually really awesome.
So props to that guy. That's great, and the group of friends that do that.
I hope if I inevitably leave this world too soon, you all will do something similar.
I think that's great.
You know we will, because we love you.
I'll totally show in your honor.
I'll totally start a charity to get me game systems.
Stop. All right. Moving on.
Who else did you guys talk to?
Well, the next clip I called Wii U Gives Grilled Cheese Sandwiches,
it seems that the staff was handing out drinks, food to everybody that's online.
So as we were interviewing this one parent that's on the line for Wii U,
staffer comes by, hands us grilled cheese sandwiches.
So we're like, why not? Let's roll with it.
Heck yeah. Let's hear this.
Hey, DJ Ron Mess here.
We are live, well sort of live, outside of Nintendo World
with the thousands and thousands of the Nintendo's fans.
Do you hear that?
These people are psyched for a Wii U and you know what?
The Wii U makes some real good grilled cheese sandwiches.
Look at that. Look at that.
Look at that.
The Wii U makes really good grilled cheese sandwiches.
Something that the PS3 could not do, that damn George Foreman grill.
Now we're talking to some people out here about their thoughts about the Wii U
and how long have you been on the line for this console?
Since about 2 o'clock this afternoon.
So you decided not to come out here like on a Monday or Tuesday and be like, I'm number one?
I did have to work, but you know, somebody has to pay for the Wii U.
True, but do you have kids?
Yes.
Did you think about sending the kids out here to hold the spot?
Somebody has to go to school.
Well, there's a will, there is a way.
So tell me, is this the first time you were online for a game or a console like this?
Yes.
Why are you out here for this?
Right here.
Actually, I just wanted to see how crowded it would be.
This is the best system.
And as you can see, it is very crowded.
It's just a thinned out version.
So as you know, Christmas is right around the corner,
so how much pressure are you under to get this console under the tree?
Oh, a lot of pressure, a lot of pressure.
I'm always under pressure every Christmas.
How'd you set it up today?
Today?
Yeah, I don't care if I get back at midnight, I don't care.
Well, I remember when the Super Nintendo came out,
I played it and I was told, pack it up, put it back in the box,
and put it back under the tree.
No, it will go back under the tree.
It will not.
What if you just wrapped the empty...
There you go.
Have you thought about just wrapping just the empty box under the tree?
It could work.
I think that would be a good thing.
So what games are you planning on getting out of here with?
Right now, just Nintendo Land.
I'm waiting for some of the other games to come out towards the end of this year.
I'm going to buy a new Super Mario Bros. 2, Zombie U, maybe a little later after launch.
Hey, that sounds like a plan, so thanks a lot for your time.
Thank you.
Arigato gozaimasu.
Datashimashite.
That was a very excited family.
Did I hear her right?
They set up the tree already?
The tree is set up around the corner.
The lighting ceremony is like sometimes this or next week.
Oh, the Rockefeller tree. Right, right, right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They usually do that over the Thanksgiving weekend.
All right, I gotcha. I gotcha.
All right, so what's this next one you got?
Well, Link was online, so I had to ask him, you know, what his thoughts were,
and did Zelda know that he left the castle?
Hey, DJ Ron Mess here at Rockefeller Center right in front of Nintendo World.
Take a look at that. That is an awesome view, ain't it?
Beautiful. Beautiful.
Right here, I'm chilling out with Link from Hyrule.
Link, what's going on, brother?
Just hanging out with my fellow diehard Nintendo fans
and enjoying the night and having a good time.
So what brings you here tonight, good friend?
Wii U, obviously.
What about the Wii U that you want so bad?
Because Nintendo, man. That's all I got to say.
Nintendo's the short answer.
The long answer is I'm really excited about the new innovation
that Nintendo's brought out with the new tablet controller.
They always set the bar with everything that they do every generation.
You know, they were the first for the joystick, the first for the shoulder buttons,
the first for the rumble feature, the first for the motion,
now they're the first for the touchscreen controller.
And that's just what they do, and they do it best.
Wow, this brother, he's diehard, really diehard.
So, Link, let me ask you.
If you're here online for the Wii U, who's watching Zelda?
That's an excellent question.
Here's the thing. Does she even know that you left the castle to be here?
No, I snuck out for a couple days, actually, yeah.
Well, I hope that Ganon doesn't try to roll up on your property, man.
She has Sheik watching her, so she'll be all right.
Sheik's a tough mother, you know.
So Sheik is watching Zelda.
Not Sheik, I'm sorry. Impa.
Because Zelda is Sheik, I made a mistake.
Impa's watching.
An old woman is watching Zelda?
Yeah, she's a Sheikah. She's tough.
Well, you can't beat that kind of logic, so thank you, good sir.
Thank you very much.
Yep, thank you very much.
Hey, no problem.
So, Loki, I know that guy, you know, at first I was like,
oh, he's just another kind of blind Nintendo fanboy.
However, he made a pretty damn good point.
Nintendo tends to set the bar with a lot of their shit.
I know you were sitting there going, joystick?
They didn't do the joystick, but they did.
You can say that Nintendo set the bar for the modern gamepad.
The Kinect would have never happened if it wasn't for the Wii.
Thoughts?
The Kinect would have happened.
I mean, it's camera technology.
The Kinect wouldn't have happened if the iToy hadn't happened.
Well, I just think that they should have stuck with the Coleco's model.
I miss my Intellivision pad.
Is the Coleco the one where you put the plastic stuff on the TV?
Or is it the fairchild?
No, you didn't put it on the TV.
You slid a little thing into the number pad.
What was the thing that you would actually have to put the overlays on the television?
Was that the fairchild?
Odyssey.
Odyssey, thank you.
Well, you know, actually the Odyssey 2 didn't have,
I had a couple games that used that, but not many that did.
Alright, we still have a few more interviews to go,
but you know I had to grill Loki on that.
Sounds like a lot of really great fans there at the event, right?
Oh yeah, especially the dancing Miis.
Oh god, really?
Yeah.
Alright, what's this next interview we got?
This is a quick one.
Well, I had ran off to do something and I came back.
Mario had picked up the microphone and started talking to people in the crowd,
and me as Luigi, I had some words for him.
So you were dressed as Black Luigi?
Yes, I was.
Alright, so this is Mario and Black Luigi. Here we go.
What am I doing in the commentary? What are you doing, Luigi?
I was also doing the commentary.
Why are you not in your mansion? You're going to get scared by the ghosts.
You should be off chasing after Peach again.
I need a break. I always chase after Peach. Peach never give me nothing.
I need a break.
So is that why she ran off with Bowser again?
Yeah.
Don't you go screwing this thing over. Bowser will take her heart.
She not take Bowser.
So how's that not my fault?
That's not your fault. You get out of here.
You get out of here.
Aww.
Rama, you know I love you. You're the biggest goddamn nerd.
Yes. Yes, I know.
Alright.
You too.
What's this next one?
This one was Taiki's idea of talking to Mario about the financial crisis in the Mushroom Kingdom.
I mean, just to give a quick recap. New Super Mario 2.
You have to collect the million coins to get the special statue.
My first thought is there's clearly a financial crisis in the Mushroom Kingdom.
Alright. Let's hear about that. Is the Mushroom Kingdom about to go off a fiscal cliff?
Uh, who knows?
Alright. Let's hear it.
What would the funny physics in the Mario...
Oh, sorry. I was playing the interview over you. Go ahead.
With the funny physics in the Mushroom Kingdom. I don't know if that's possible.
Alright. Let's hear the clip.
This is Taiki with a voice of Greeks.
And this is for special report. The financial crisis in the Mushroom Kingdom.
I have Mario here. Mario, I've been told you've been tasked to collect a million coins.
What are your thoughts on the current financial status in the Mushroom Kingdom?
Oh, it's very tough at times. Very tough at times indeed.
My new game, New Super Mario Bros. 2, is not about me fighting Bowser to fight the Princess Peach.
No. It's about me getting enough money so that Princess Peach can keep the castle.
Otherwise, no more castle. And for me, no more heroing.
No more heroing. No more games.
I need to get the coins.
Oh, it's a bigger problem. Aye, aye, aye, aye.
So the rumors that they are foreclosing on the castle at the Mushroom Kingdom is true.
What rumors? I don't hear nothing. I just have a peach.
Sir, you're avoiding the question.
What question? You look a lot like a Koopa.
What? I should stop you?
No. I'm just asking questions, sir. Just asking questions.
So what are your thoughts on the overabundance of S.T.A.R.S. and how that's affected the stock market?
Overabundance of S.T.A.R.S. makes Mario invincible.
Invincible Mario kick ass? What problem?
There's a massive price crash on S.T.A.R.S.
Oh, I see, I see.
Mario doesn't understand economics, does he?
Not very much, no. I stomp on the goombas, I kick at the Koopas.
I beat at the buzzer, I collect the coins, and I get nothing from a peach.
Not even cake?
Not even cake. Oh, woe isn't me.
And that was Taiki, voice of the geek network, signing off.
Who was that guy actually? Just like a die hard fan or what?
Pretty much.
Okay. A crazy person.
Crazy hobo.
Hobo with a shotgun?
I liked it.
Just saw him in the line getting interviewed by someone at Nintendo.
Okay. So did you guys get on some of the news stations dressed up or what happened?
Me, not really, because the only people I saw there was people from Nintendo, that was just about it.
But there was photographers and someone from Weekly Famitsu took my picture.
Oh, hey. Nice.
And Mashable was there as well.
Yeah, I was also speaking with some of the other press people there.
Yomiuri Shimbun was also there, a couple other press outlets were there too.
That's true. We do have to remember that we actually got the system before Japan.
This is one of those kind of, you know, it doesn't happen all the time, but kind of different.
Didn't it happen with the last Wii and the 3DS?
I guess it tends to happen more with Nintendo than does the other companies.
Because it seems like PlayStation and Vita and all that were out way earlier.
I know the Xbox is always coming out earlier over in Japan.
Well, Xbox makes a stud in Japan. All right.
Just they don't sell one for a few months.
Oh, whatever. All right. These last two interviews are some big ones.
So set this one up for us, Rama. What's next for us?
Well, at the front of the line was Triforce, who says he was there on the line for about a month.
And he has some bit of surprising news to let the fans know about him doing console launches.
Ooh, okay. Let's hear it.
Hey, DJ Varmus here in front of Nintendo World USA, where in just mere hours,
the new Wii U is going to hit the store shelves and take names and kick a lot of butt.
Now, as you can see behind me, there are die-hard fans out here.
How die-hard are you guys?
How long have you all been out here?
As you can see, but through the maze and through the vines, we're here with the one, the only, Triforce.
Good to meet you, sir.
What's going on, guys?
Not much. We do what we got to do. So tell me, how long have you been waiting out here?
Almost a month, since March 23.
I'm getting serious. Since March 23.
I'm still thinking about the 3DS since October 23.
October 23. Now, that's hard. That's dedication.
I tip my hat to you, good sir.
So, I do recall that you were somewhere else for the Wii, is that correct?
Yes, it was Toys R Us, and that was back in November. I can remember that date.
Oh yeah, we all remember that. So, why here instead of there?
First of all, this is my last launch that I'm going to be doing, and I took a guess.
I did some investigating, and I just felt that they were going to do the launch here.
See, that's where it is, because you know what? We talked to people about the Wii, and I kept telling everyone,
Nintendo World is the jump-off spot, because this is where the party is at.
So, how many of these launch events have you done?
This is my 8th and final one.
Why is it your final one, good sir?
I want to go and try to do some type of other marketing in the gaming community from the urban market,
you know, from the grassroots side, and although I do a lot of this,
I want to leave this for somebody else to do while I can help out elsewhere.
You know, I've done enough of it, and I'm 35 years old, so now's the time to stop.
That's not to say that I won't be at other launch parties, but the whole camping for the first, I'm going to stop it. This is it.
So, in other words, after this, someone else is going to inherit the Power Glove, like you now have the power.
Oh, they're going to fight you for it?
No, they're not getting that. They're just going to have to line up. That's it. I'm keeping the Power Glove.
Between you and me, I stomp somebody out for that to keep my Power Glove?
Well, that may happen, yeah.
So, what was your first launch?
The Nintendo DS.
And how was that compared to the launch for the Wii U?
Well, each year, Nintendo gets better with the launch. That was all the way back in 2004, and that was the first launch that I got first in.
My first ever launch was the Nintendo 64. I was the first in line, but that's what made me get into the whole launch thing.
Then after that, some unmentionables. I won't mention the name of the other competitors.
Oh, those guys.
Those guys, yeah. That's because I was working for GameStop, so I had to work the launch party.
So, it wasn't as fun?
No, I wouldn't say it wasn't as fun. I wasn't in the line for the launch. I just worked the launch party.
And then, the first launch party I became first for was the Nintendo DS.
That's wonderful. I can't believe you're doing this for so long. Eight launches, it all ends here.
So, if you're not here right now watching History in the Making, I don't know what to tell you. Peace out.
Leave me alone. I was asleep. No, that's crazy. That's his last launch.
It's interesting that he's kind of chalking it up to being 35 and all that, which is interesting because I'm kind of like,
well, I'm pretty much 35 and we're not ending OLR anytime soon.
But, I can also understand the whole like, okay, I don't need to be first anymore.
I don't have to be that guy anymore. I can let it go. I get that.
And he wants to kind of pursue the other stuff. That's certainly reasonable. So, you know, props to him for being so damn dedicated.
Yeah, it's like that line from Lethal Weapon, I'm getting too old for this shit.
Alright, we got one more interview from the event and dare I say, it's an Orange Lounge Radio VOG Network exclusive we're about to get.
Yes, we can.
Alright, and I've been teasing a little bit on Twitter that you had a pretty big interview.
But, it's short, but we wanted this to be special for the fans that actually bothered to tune in and listen tonight.
Rama, please set up this last interview.
Well, the man shows up and we all know who the man is, Reggie.
He's going through the crowd, doing autographs and saying hi to everyone.
And we catch him right before he goes inside Nintendo World and me and Taiki ask him a few couple of quick questions.
Okay, you're gonna have to set up the clip a little longer than that. The live listeners literally just got dropped.
Word must have gone up, but see, Rama, you're always the first to complain about the live stream going down and yet here we are still talking to each other. Isn't that funny?
I know.
Alright, with the apologies to the podcast listeners who are hearing this for the second time, Rama, go ahead and set it up one more time.
No problem. Well, the man of the hour, Reggie Fils-Aime, shows up and talks to the crowd in front of Nintendo World.
He's going through the crowd saying hi, doing autographs, and me and Taiki catch him right before he goes into Nintendo World and we shoot him about two or three questions.
Okay, this is gonna be really awkward, but the stream just went down again. We were up for like two seconds and then it went down.
I need you guys to kill all excess internet activity. I'm just saying, I need everybody across the board. Any chat, I need it all closed because this is killing the show with all these computers running.
So, alright.
Even my torrents of shiza porn?
Yeah, any torrents of that stuff, any dropbox that might be hiding in the background or whatever, it's gotta all go down.
So, okay. We are connected, here we go. Sorry, podcast listeners, I feel like Seacrest on American Idol, where it's like I'm drawing it out for like two minutes, the big interview, but please know it's for the live listeners' benefit.
Okay, I am showing and it's streaming again, so here we go. The big interview with Reggie.
That's good.
Absolutely.
Eric, how excited are you? How excited?
I'm very excited.
This is it, right?
This is it.
A new generation of gaming begins tonight.
What's your name?
Is that a British accent?
Yeah.
Came all the way from the UK just to be here?
No, actually.
No, come on, you could have played me. You said yes, came all the way here.
Reggie, small question.
A million coins in Newsroom Mario 2. Do you have any comments about the current economic crisis in Mushroom Kingdom?
You know, Mario's just trying to do his part. He's collecting coins. He'll go back and spend them someday, but he's trying to help out. There will be no fiscal cliff in the Mushroom Kingdom.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Did you get it?
All right, so you have the chance to ask Reggie one thing.
And you chose to ask him how he feels about the fiscal cliff in the Mushroom Kingdom.
But you gotta admit that he actually picked up on it and rolled with it. You got to give the man credit for that.
Orange Lounge Radio exclusive, everybody. Reggie comments on the fiscal cliff in the Mushroom Kingdom.
I mean, that's pretty cool and all. It's almost as good as me asking, you know, what Jason Enos about in the group.
But I'm sure asking them about the financial crisis in a fictional video game is fucking awesome. That's great use of time.
Well, I mean, he's going to get into the media and he's going to answer all these questions about whatever.
There needs to be a bumper.
To be fair, it will be a bumper, but to be fair, Loki, you know damn well it doesn't matter what they ask.
They would have got the same canned answer for anything. So for them to throw him a curveball, I say you guys are the biggest fucking nerds.
And I so appreciate that about you.
Thank you.
I think that was brilliant. I would rather have had that than the canned response, because if we want the canned response, we can look at press releases.
Yes, you press them for word. Yeah, whatever.
And the whole five seconds before he goes, I got to go inside. Bye.
Yeah, Loki's jealous he wasn't there. All right.
And we're not 20 20. So it's a little bit differently. And also, you could think Taiki. That was his idea. All right.
That went over damned well.
Well, you both contributed a lot to that segment, and I really appreciate you guys sharing that with OLR first.
I know you could have held on to that for AJS, but I really appreciate that VOG podcast sticking together.
It's awesome.
Hey, that's what we're here for.
Plus the band has one of the official VOG sheets.
Nice. Very nice. Well, we're an hour into the show. We haven't even got to our gaming weeks yet.
So I'm probably going to wrap this up so we can move on. But you have anything else you guys want to get out?
Taiki, great job. Anything you want to get out here before we let you go?
Can I talk about the issue of Quebec independence?
If you want.
Independence for Quebec now.
Viva Quebec!
Rama, anything you want to get out?
I think I should save it for calling back later. It has something to do with we use and shame stop.
Oh boy. All right. Well, hopefully talk to you later. Hopefully we don't run too long tonight. I can take a lot of calls. All right.

Take care, buddy. And thanks, guys.

You can hear Anime Jam Session Tuesdays at vognetwork.com, 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, bronze.
Big thanks to them for being out there, even though their questions were a little bit lullsy. You know what? I'll take it.
All right. Moving on. Let's get to our video game weeks. And how was our gaming week? It's only an hour into the show.
Loki! How you doing? Oh, wait. I always start with Jamie. How you doing? How was your gaming week?
I already know what she's going to say.
It was sweet.
Yeah. What's that?
I played and beat Sugar Rush on the Wreck-It Ralph website. It's fucking fun. It needs to be like a for reals game.
I mean, and I was actually really surprised by how long it was because, I mean, I was playing for a few solid hours.
It's like you have four stages with three races in each stage. And like the first two, I think, are two laps.
And then the third one is three laps. And then the last one's three laps. And it's much, much longer and complex.
And I mean, it's like a stupid little kart racer, but it was really fun. And I've decided that Rancis is the best name ever.
And my first born, if I have one, will be Rancis. Rancis Flubber Buffer, whatever his name is.
The one with the Reese's cup on his head. And then I played a bunch of Mass Effect 2. I played a bunch of it today.
And then I actually did a whole bunch of design work, but my design work had me going and pulling samples off of old video game packaging because I wanted certain colors.
Like I pulled the gold off the Nintendo cartridge, off of the Zelda cartridge, because I wanted that particular shade.
Because it's like when you sample part of it, it comes out kind of this muted brown. And that was the color I wanted.
And I was like, what do I know that reflects that color? So I was sampling NES cartridges to get the right shade of brown off of a gold Zelda cartridge.
Very cool.
And I actually logged into WoW just because I don't want to get kicked out of the guild. I hate to say that.
But I mean, I'm trying to build myself back up into actually wanting to level my troll. It's just, no one plays on Blade's Edge anymore and that's the only character I really care about is my main on there.
Ragenator at live.vognetwork.com expressing surprise. DarkSakura won't name her first born, Garrus. WTF.
No. Rancis. No. Actually, I'm probably never going to have a kid, so it doesn't matter.
No, I'm serious. At this point, I'm perfectly content with it. All you people who have kids, good luck.
You know what, you will have a new kitty to name someday. It's a very similar dilemma.
I need a cat in my life right now. But Dan's like, we have to buy a house first. So I'm like, well fine, if I can buy a house so I can get a cat.
For the cat, because the cat needs the house. It won't be your house, it'll be the cat's house.
I decided that when I get a cat, it's going to be named Mochi. I don't care, my cat will be named Mochi.
That's a good name. Alright, anything else for your gaming week?
Um, um, cooking with dog.
Okay, no, because I've been going in between playing Mass Effect 2, pausing my game, making Udon because I'm also watching cooking with dog.
And then going back and playing more Mass Effect, that's been my cycle. Mass Effect, cooking with dog, cooking. Mass Effect, cooking with dog, cooking.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, Call of Duty Black Ops 2 because I'm really getting into the single player campaign, tried some more of the multiplayer, just kind of some system link stuff at work.
The rest, we should be getting copies for everybody this week so we can play some of that.
And so far, I've loved every minute of it and it hasn't let me down at all, so I'm looking forward to that.
And I think I fit in a little bit of Minecraft this week as well.
That's pretty much it.
Jason, how about you? It's been a while since we've seen you last. What's been going on in your gaming world?
Well, for that time frame, no, not that whole time frame. I've actually been out here for work for a week at this point, just over a week.
So the literal week has been rather light because I've been having exciting San Francisco, California fun times.
But there is a setup at the office and the office favorite is FIFA 13, so I've been thoroughly trashed at that game, both by the computer and by my co-workers.
Is that the one that they're hazing for being just like FIFA 12?
Isn't that all sports games in this generation?
That's on the Wii.
I mean, like, for real, it is a carbon copy. Like, I'm not, like, no jet.
And Pro Evo are both carbon copies.
The last time I was out here, they did have FIFA 12 in the game. The only notable difference I've noticed is that they give you more interactivity during the loading screen.
But I completely admit that's completely superficial because I start a multiplayer game and go with it.
And I can't really comment to single player, you know, GM, those kind of bonus modes, anything like that. I couldn't say at all.
They did also get Halo 4 and I started a campaign by myself on, I think the tier is easy, normal, legendary, heroic, and I'm on legendary because I thought I could keep up.
No.
Oh, Dan made that mistake.
No, it might be passable with help, you know, a multiplayer legendary campaign, but me by myself, I'm still in Chapter 1.
And I gave up after playing the same checkpoint, just passed the same checkpoint about 30, 40 times, maybe more, I'm not entirely sure.
I suck at Halo and I'm very, very sad at this fact.
Otherwise, yeah, that's really it. I'm still nursing Borderlands 2 since I've been traveling quite a bit over these past two months.
And not really sit down and play meaningful games time lately, unfortunately.
Alrighty.
Most of my week, I already talked about with the Wii U launch, so in the interest of time, I'm not going to repeat myself, but I will talk about just quickly.
Played a little bit of Mass Effect 3 because we tried to set it up so that we have two TVs and two Xbox 360s here at the house.
So Alan and I were like, can we play multiplayer with each other, even though we only have one copy of the game?
And we figured out, yes, we can, because all of multiplayer is on both discs.
So we put one disc in one and one in the other.
And how we got around the online pass is I had Alan play on my usual Xbox and I played on the other one because when you have licensed content on the 360, it's licensed to the original console and your ID.
So we made it work and we played and Alan decided he hated it because having to go from keyboard and mouse to controller, apparently not a good fit.
I also played some Halo 4, finished the first five episodes of Spartan Ops playing with a friend. I think we actually did six.
So that was cool. Halo, good times.
Emphasis on with a friend.
Yes, and I think Spartan Ops we did normal. We're not too crazy now.
All right. Some housekeeping for you guys. Please remember, you can follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio, as well as Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R.
Meanwhile, let's get into some news.
And a quick thank you to everybody voting in the podcast awards, which are now closed.
Thank you very much. Absolutely. Yes. Thank you to everybody who voted for us in the podcast awards. And if you didn't, I hope you kept it indie.
I forgot one more game.
Oh, hurry. Very solid here.
Oh, I played that too, thanks to that tip last week. It's cute. Yeah, it's free. I can't complain. Better than Yaris.
All right. Let's get into some news, Loki.
Rob, having your head drilled open with your brains falling out is better than Yaris.
All right. So there was a, there was a system that launched today, the Wii U.
Really? I hadn't heard.
I can see how you can be confused. It is very similar to the previous generation.
You may, you may have been confused and bought another Wii, so you better double check that.
So this one's black.
They do make black Wiis now.
So, let's see. You know, you know the difference between the Wii U and the Wiis. The Wii has functioning online right now. That's pretty sad.
All right. So the Wii they claim is going to be in larger supply, probably due to less demand, but it is going to be easily more available.
They're not going to make their artificial shortage as big this time around, but he says basically their second and, you know, third, fourth replenishments are going to be more frequent holiday time.
And, you know, you'll be able to get a Wii system or Wii U system before, you know, next year or next holiday, I guess.
Which is good, I suppose.
Unfortunately, like with most Nintendo console launches of recent, it is missing a few things.
And the first being Nintendo's highly, you know, advertised and pimped out TV service, which was supposed to be launching with the console.
But, you know, it's not done, so it's going to be launching in December.
And until then, you're at the way to watch, you know, live TV through this or, you know, your on-demand stuff, Netflix, etc.
So it'll be coming in the next few weeks unless they delay it again because, you know, something they do.
And then also, of course, you know, fun. Yeah, I'm kidding. It's a fun console. It's an easy joke to make.
Yeah, it's a fun console.
And I'm sure that everybody was really happy, you know, that waited in line to get their Wii U system to get home and download your 5GB firmware update, which is fantastic.
And, of course, this would also encompass, you know, the Miiverse stuff as well.
It's funny, though, because apparently there's some people that were having issues with it downloading so slow that they thought their console was not working, so they shut it off.
Not a good idea. And now their console doesn't work.
But, yes, 5GB. So if you're thinking about it, if you've got that non-black system, you have less than half of that storage space left for stuff.
Obviously, you're not going to put an actual game on there because there's no room for it, but you're not going to be able to fit, you know, you're going to basically need to get an external storage device, which is kind of...
You kind of would have had to anyways, but still. It's not as bad. Remember when the Xbox 360 came out and everyone's like,
Oh, hey, the 20GB hard drive. What? 7GB of this is just, you know, the backwards compatibility data.
This is almost as bad, except I didn't have to wait an hour for the backwards compatibility data to exist on that hard drive.
And, of course, you know, with any network launch, this would be for MMOs and stuff, they've been having a little bit of issues.
It's been kind of up and down, probably because of the high traffic, but thankfully it is back up. Fantastic.
It worked fine for me, for what it's worth. To be fair, it did take an hour, but I expect that 5GB is going to take an hour to download, but it did work fine, and I haven't really had connectivity problems.
Well, Wii video chat was a little bumpy. We got some weird error messages that weren't even true, because we were able to connect fine. It was weird.
Warning, the person on the other end does not exist. Not quite that, but yeah.
Oh. So, there's your Wii U launch. Get excited! I'm thrilled.
Alright. Well, not too thrilled is this guy. He got caught by the police. Justin Success Brooks. Yes, his name was Success Brooks.
Well, unfortunately, he wasn't very successful in his business of selling counterfeit Nintendo games in the UK, because he got caught and sentenced to 32 months of jail time.
He was actually selling counterfeited games. He was working with some dealers in China through 18 different websites.
Nintendo had warned. The UK border agency had warned. He had his stock seized at one point. However, he continued to sell the games through a different website, so it was kind of one of those.
They weren't going to keep him out any other way, so they officially sentenced him to 32 months, although even in the UK, you don't really end up serving the entire time. He'll probably only be serving about half of it.
What's interesting, Francesca Levitt, who is one of the prosecutors on this case, claiming the victim is not really Nintendo, but legitimate online game retailers who have to compete with counterfeit sellers.
Quote, Nintendo may be big enough to weather the storm, but the damage this has done to the reputation of online retailers is untold and incalculable. That's in a statement to The Guardian.
I would take that down one more notch, that not so much Evil G and those others, but people who do use game stores or import game stores or the people who really try to carve out their niche, that oh yeah, they also sell big retail titles, mainstream titles, because you don't survive as a business any other way.
I think it is a good reminder that this kind of stuff doesn't just hurt Nintendo, it hurts everybody in the chain, from developers and makers to the people that sell them.
It hurts my feelings.
And Jamie's feelings.
And it gives Reggie hemorrhoids.
What?
Because he's all butthurt.
Oh, I see. Alright, let's move on with another story, Darzaka.
Okay, well, who likes Pokemans?
Who doesn't like Pokemans?
Of course, Loki raised his hand.
Well, actually Nintendo is doing Poke Deck IOS, which is their first paid app in the Apple Store. Of course, it's only out in Japan right now.
And it covers everything up through black and white, and it's 170 yen, which is about 1.30, so I guess here it would be maybe a $3 download.
There's also extra packs with other monsters that go up to 500 yen, so yeah, you could pay a lot of money for it.
But now there's still a free app that's the Pokemon Say Tap that was out for a little bit last year, but for right now this is their first paid app.
I have to say that, and some of it may be the language, and I know that interfaces do vary highly in between languages, but this Pokedex IOS looks kind of as crap as Pokedex 3D on the 3DS Store. I never liked it.
It may also be that I've kind of abandoned ship as far as Pokemon is concerned, and I haven't played it recently enough, so none of the creatures were familiar, but this doesn't hit me.
I heard that this thing is full of in-game purchases too.
Oh yeah, that's what I was saying. There's four extra packs, and they're 500 yen total.
They ain't free.
No, I mean, you roughly end up paying about seven bucks.
Wow.
Six or seven. I'm trying to do a little bit of conversion here, but yeah, you end up paying more like about six bucks.
So, Loki, you gotta be excited about this. It's Nintendo on an Apple product full of microtransactions. This is like made for you.
It sounds like just any other app on the IOS Apple Store or whatever.
I think it's just, what's interesting is it's not a knockoff for once.
This is true. And plus the whole, oh my gosh, it's something Nintendo on Apple, but you know, before the emails correcting us come in, we should say there's a very different relationship when it comes to the Pokemon company.
Because they, even though Nintendo somewhat controls them at the end of the day, if the Pokemon company wants to do something different, they can.
And so for them to be the ones dipping their big toe in with this IOS app is not, it's not too surprising.
And it could be interesting because if this does very well, which, who knows, maybe that will cause Nintendo? I don't know.
But then again, Nintendo's always been very much, no, ever since the CDI, never again will our characters be on another console.
Alright, moving on.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about non-Nintendo stuff. Let's talk about Microsoft.
And of course they were celebrating the 10 year anniversary of Xbox Live.
And with that they were giving out some fancy Xbox Live 10 year anniversary themed Xbox 360s to people that had been on live for those 10 years.
Of course certain people didn't get them. Like Bobby.
Sorry Bobby.
But there's some, you know, some random users were getting them.
I don't think every 10 year user got one. You probably got entered into a drawing or something behind the scenes and they gave away like 100 of them or something.
Yeah, they never really explained it. It doesn't really make any sense to me that they would give you a console.
I mean that's kind of cool that you get a console, but wouldn't you already have a console if you're on Xbox Live? It's like hooray!
All the people that won it are the people that have lived through about 5 or 6 Red Rings and E74s.
So the next time it invariably happens to their next one, they have a replacement already.
And it looks pretty cool actually.
It's neat I guess.
So yeah, so some of you who may have been on there for 10 years will maybe be getting an email or something saying hey you got a 360 coming your way.
You probably would have already got that email or you got the email that I got that says congrats, here's your code for an avatar helmet.
I got an email and two messages.
Take the fucking helmet, Loki. Take it.
I don't want the helmet. I'm not wearing the helmet.
No, take it. Here's another message. Here's another code. Take the damn helmet.
It puts the helmet on its avatar.
Nice.
Alright, speaking of Microsoft, this is interesting because we know the PlayStation Magazine is stopping, the Nintendo Power is stopping.
Well, Xbox World is also going to cease publishing in December.
But this is what's interesting. This is one over in the UK and the last issue is going out with a bang.
Details on the next Xbox which they say is going the way of Apple and is going to be called simply Xbox.
Loki is shaking his head. What?
This is dumb.
And Sony's brand new TV called TV, it's called the new TV.
Thank you for not making it fucking confusing. We're just going to call it something else anyways.
That's just basically saying, hey, you know what, we just didn't want to market a name that people are going to make fun of.
We're just going to market a name that we already had that people can make fun of or something.
To be fair, it's rumor. We don't know. But anyway, 8 gigs of RAM, quad core processor, it will run Blu-ray discs.
Supposedly going to have in the future like some type of future add-on would be a head-mounted augmented reality device.
And there will also be a next generation Kinect which I think we all see as kind of a duh.
Anyhow, in a statement, Xbox World editor-in-chief Dan Dawkins said,
Xbox World has been at the cutting edge of Durango coverage for over 12 months.
Unless something really dramatic changes, everything we reveal in our penultimate issue will be revealed long before E3 in June.
That was in an interview with CVG overseas.
So basically they just recap the original leaked rumor thing that, you know.
Yeah, there really isn't a lot here new that wasn't in the rumor except the part about the name and the augmented reality we've sort of heard in different forms.
Because we've talked about that whole projection on the walls. I'm not hearing that here. I'm hearing it's glasses instead.
It's not going to be glasses.
You don't think, huh?
No.
That would, you'd get into a lot of accessibility issues with glasses. That's why the projection thing made more sense.
That's why 3D TVs aren't popular because you have to buy the glasses.
That's a good point.
And it's just, I don't know. It's just, no.
WhatupG in chat says, at live.vognetwork.com says, next E3 is supposed to be the coming out party for the PS4 slash 720.
You know, that's the assumption we're all making.
And it sounds like, at least in Microsoft's case, that'll be true.
But why is this necessarily true for Sony?
Is there any indication that Sony is really going to debut this or is this wishful thinking on the community's part?
I think it's all wishful thinking. I don't think anyone's going to debut a system next year.
Oh, you think Microsoft's going to hold off too?
I think that the Wii is not going to do as well. It's not going to take over like the Xbox 360 and the PS3.
So they're just like, eh, why do we have to hurry? There's really no hurry.
Yeah, but the 360 was out before the Wii. So it would not be uncharacteristic of Microsoft to launch.
Right about now is a good, you know, life cycle for them and it makes sense.
Especially if they, quote unquote, beat Sony by a year. Sony's later in the... Sony's...
I guess. I mean, if you look at what they have slated so far, what Microsoft has announced,
they only have first quarter next year that's been announced, or even the first half of next year.
And Sony's kind of similar. They've got a few things that they've announced.
They've got about three or four titles. Those could all be first half of next year, but they haven't really...
I mean, it's a little early to announce the second half because you want to have something for E3 now.
You think the last Office and the... what's that other big one? The one that keeps disappearing at various E3s?
The Last Guardian?
Last Guardian, thank you. There's no way in hell Last Guardian's out before next holiday.
And then on top of that, you still have whatever happened to 13 versus, question mark. We don't know where that is.
Who cares?
I mean, that's third party.
But who cares?
A lot of Final Fantasy fans care. And, like it or not, 14 reborn. That ain't happening until at least summer next year.
So we know there is stuff on the calendar up to the holiday, at least in Sony's department.
So, that's interesting.
Well, I mean, that's not Sony necessarily. That's third party companies.
And obviously you're going to have third parties putting out titles.
Well, that's early part next year. But you still have stuff coming out for a while on there because not everyone is going to pick up.
It's just like the Wii. The Wii is still going to have some stuff coming out. Not anything from Nintendo, but they're going to have a few things.
Interesting comment from Tigerclaw in the chat room. What about the Ouya? You would also have to deal with that when it comes out.
Well, the Ouya is kind of its own little thing. I don't think any of the other guys are taking the Ouya seriously because the Ouya is such a grassroots homebrew thing.
It's like, oh, that little basement, that kid's basement toy. I honestly think that's how they view it.
Because what's the Ouya going to do for the gaming experience? Is it really going to push the gaming experience further?
No, it's just going to open up. It's going to be the most indie friendly thing you've ever seen.
It's just going to be kind of similar to how Steam, because it's kind of the way Steam is trying to go too.
They have the whole Steam Greenlight stuff to try and get your indie games on their marketplace.
And then Steam Big Picture. So they kind of want to sell you a box, which they may eventually do.
They will eventually sell you a box that you hook up to your TV and you just get all the Steam stuff with a controller and away you go.
Which would be fantastic. I don't have a problem with that.
But I think Ouya is trying to do something similar to that where they have got the box that they sell you, which is really tiny, which is awesome.
And then of course all these games are going to be kind of exclusive to it because they're mobile games for the most part.
And you'll just have to see how it takes off. I don't think it's going to be huge. It's not going to all of a sudden just take over the Wii or anything like that.
It's not going to happen.
It'll be like a Roku. A lot of people have them, but not everybody is talking about them.
Unless, and it's obviously the Wii U doesn't have anything like this, but let's just say that one day they decide,
hey, you know what, we're going to make it so all these games that you buy from us, you can't trade them in anymore.
Or in the next consoles that come out, hey, by the way, all these games are going to be tied to your console.
Then something like that may be able to take off.
I'm seeing on Twitter that your Nintendo network ID is tied to that console. You can't move it.
Now, I'm seeing a lot of rage on Twitter about that. I kind of think that's that whole, we just haven't built how to move it yet.
I'm giving Nintendo the benefit of the doubt that they just haven't freaking built that in yet.
Once again, reiterating what we've been saying for months now, they don't fucking get online.
They have something that resembles online right now, but they still don't fucking understand it.
They're making it up as they go along.
That's a real bad, I mean, come on, this is how late into the game are we getting into like an actual functioning online?
And you still haven't figured, I mean, this is this is shit that they were, you know, fucking up years ago.
And now they're just, it's amateur shit.
All right. Dark Soccer, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
I have stuff and things. So I'm sure people were interested in Black Ops 2.
Although when one of my friends posted about it as B02, I was like, body odor 2?
Because it's really about as much as I care about Black Ops, but they did something really awesomely stupid.
On the installation disk, it has the data for Mass Effect 2 on it instead.
So they're getting a much better game.
But that means that they can't install Black Ops 2 with the disks.
And they've, but the retail copies come with the Steam key and you can do a digital install and it takes longer.
But you know what?
Now, I heard something, and I don't know if this ended up being true or not, but I heard something about that this was being caused because these people actually...
Oh, it's PC copies, by the way.
Yeah, these people already had Mass Effect 2 installed on their PCs and Mass Effect 2 had the lock on some type of file extension that Call of Duty was also, or Black Ops was also trying to use.
And so when Black Ops would call up the file, Mass Effect was loading.
Like, it seems like it's only happening to people that already had Mass Effect 2.
At least that's what I'm hearing. I don't know if that panned out or whatever, but I know that was something they were exploring.
Well, it says it happened specifically with the second installation disk.
That's weird.
Yeah. So, and it's like people on Steam, Reddit, 4chan, although no one listens to 4chan anymore, and the Black Ops forums were complaining about it.
It can also be a pressing issue. They're all duplicated at a few duplicators, and if it just happens that they're pressing copies of Mass Effect 2 and some of those happen to get in there.
But Activision hasn't said shit about it, so...
Well, which is funny, yeah, because that would mean Activision and EA are using the same presser.
Yeah, they do. I mean, Technicolor, they press disks for the movie industry, for everything.
Yeah, there's only a few duplicators that are out there, and aside from Nintendo actually doing carts and stuff, but these all get duplicated at a few duplicators around the world, and it's just whoever they decide to use.
So yes, it's very possible that they get stuff that maybe another company is using.
Alright, let's travel around the world and look at release dates and see what's coming to a game store near you this week.
Alright, this week we've got, it's starting to slow down a little bit, so we've got a few things.
Rise of the Guardians coming out on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, the Wii, the DS, the 3DS, and yeah.
And then the 3DS version of Pro Evo Soccer 2013, although I think that date's wrong. I believe that's actually coming out next year, if I remember correctly.
Adventure time! Hey Ice King, why'd you steal our garbage? On 3DS and DS, also collector's editions for those.
Hitman Absolution on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Persona 4 Golden on the Vita, PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale on the PS3 and the Vita.
Also, let's see what else we got here. That is definitely a wrong date. Man, they really need to update their goddamn website.
The Elder Scrolls, let's see, oh and that's not coming out. What else we got here?
Alright, and let's see, we've got Scribblenauts Unlimited on PC, and the PC version came out a little bit later, and everything else.
And Family Guy, Back to the Multiverse on PS3 and 360, and Kids Learn and Play Pets and Vets. I think that's a re-release.
The thermometer goes in the butt.
And Assassin's Creed III on PC. What the hell is this, Kids Learn and Play? It's like a bundle, but I haven't ever seen these.
It's some value game. It's crap, don't buy it.
That in-depth review brought to you by Loki. Alright, let's go to the Japanese release dates and what's coming out over there.
On November 22nd on the Xbox 360, Doom 3, the BFG edition, as well as Call of Duty Black Ops 2, this is the version with subtitles, is released in Japan.
There's also an Xbox Live special membership card to celebrate the Call of Duty release in Japan.
On the PlayStation 3, Call of Duty Black Ops 2 is out there as well, same with Doom 3. There's some more stuff though as well.
Some games getting price reductions, Grand Theft Auto 4, Infamous 2, Killzone 3, LittleBigPlanet 2, all of them getting price reductions.
As far as new games go on the PlayStation 3, Mina No Golf 6, EX Troopers, Chaos Head,
That's everybody's golf.
Chaos Head Love Choo Choo, and Chaos Head Noah, as well as a double pack of both games are out there as well.
And Tehayo no Arashi Senkan Yamato Akatsuki ni Shutsugiketsu comes out.
You know what that is? Space Battleship Yamato? In other words, Star Blazers?
Oh, luxury limited edition and regular edition in Japan this week.
And a classic white slim console comes out if you need to get your Japanese PlayStation 3.
Looking at the other systems real quick, let me check on the Vita.
There's just another 3G Wi-Fi pack out this week that has Mina No Golf 6 with it.
So, there's that, yay.
On the 3DS, EX Troopers is out there as well.
On the 23rd, Pokemon Fushigi no Dungeon, I'm assuming that's the Pokemon Dungeon Crawler game.
Fushigi is mysterious.
Oh, I keep wanting to say Chocobo's Mysterious Dungeon, but it's a Pokemon game.
Pokemon Mysterious Dungeon.
Pikachu's Mysterious Dungeon or whatever.
Ochi Manichi Tamagotchi on the 3DS, because Tamagotchi, yes, is still a thing, believe it or not.
You know, I saw Furbies at Toys R Us the other day, so what's old is new again.
I blocked Furby on Facebook.
Now, the Wii U, keep in mind, not out over there in Japan until December the 8th,
so we don't have those release dates for a little bit, but we'll work those into the rotation soon.
Otherwise, we'll go to Jamie for what's coming out in the UK.
Some stuff at the end. No, I'm kidding.
On the 18th, Epic Mickey 2, Power of Illusion, and the Power of 2, U-Draw Studio.
On the 20th, we have Hitman Absolution, Planetside, next.
21st, The Walking Dead Episode 5, no time left.
23rd, Assassin's Creed 3, Rise of the Guardians, Talisman Prologue.
And that's it.
All right, just a few more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
And I think we've got some Sony news.
We've talked Nintendo, we've talked Microsoft, but Loki?
Yeah, they announced already that PlayStation Plus would be coming to the Vita,
and they've now announced which day it's going to be coming out.
It's going to be coming out tomorrow, November 19th.
And what's kind of awesome with that is they're also adding some games to the Instant Game collection
that will be available for the Vita.
And this includes some full Vita games, including Uncharted Golden Abyss,
Jet Set Radio, which is actually set to come out next week,
Wipeout 2048, Gravity Rush, Tales from Space, Mutant Blobs Attack,
and I guess Final Fantasy Tactics, The War of Lions, that was a PSP title.
And not bad.
And of course, PlayStation Plus, 18 bucks for three months,
or 50 bucks for the full year.
And I guess obviously if you have a PlayStation Plus membership,
you also get all the free wonderful games library stuff with the PS3,
and the one gigabyte of cloud storage, which is pretty awesome.
And I guess a gigabyte of cloud storage on the Vita.
I wonder if that's the same one gigabyte.
Is your Vita actually going to come out of storage now at this point?
Well, it's in my backpack.
Is it going to come out of your backpack?
No, because I have to actually become a member of PlayStation Plus,
and I just don't want to right now.
I'm excited. I'm PlayStation Plus, and I couldn't be more excited about this.
I'm like, oh my god, it's like Christmas on my Vita tomorrow.
It's going to be great. So yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
Vita's relevance is finally starting to come out.
Hooray!
Just in time for the holidays.
All right, well, also coming to the Vita,
I think this is also tomorrow with the PlayStation Plus update,
obviously a whole new firmware 2.0, a new email application for the Vita.
It's kind of interesting, but well, it makes the 3G a little more lucrative,
especially if you don't have a phone that does it.
With the coolest PlayStation's typing interface.
I get what they're doing, but no.
It's easier to use than iPhone, honestly. I think so.
On the Vita? Heck yeah.
It's easier to have the key directly instead of having to memorize what it's under.
The Vita has that tanky style mode.
You can type on the keyboard, and it's really responsive and fits a large part of the screen.
Oh, the Vita is a touch screen, isn't it?
Hello!
Okay, disregard, sorry.
You're thinking about Sony's PlayStation 3 predictive text,
which the Vita will do as well, so it has that.
I'll be over here if you need me.
That's alright. Gmail, Yahoo, and other miscellaneous providers unsaid will be supported.
Also, finally, this is so dumb that they didn't have this before.
Wirelessly transmit between the PC and the Vita.
Also, browser and video apps will now do 1080p videos,
even though it's not like it's going to magically change the output.
What about wirelessly transmitting between the PS3 and the Vita?
That's not said, but I would think if it's wireless between the PC, why not?
Yeah, I think it would be on the PlayStation 3.
I want to say I read that somewhere else, that it will do that too.
Thank God.
It makes so much more sense.
So, very cool.
That's all coming as well this week.
Alright, let's go back to a time when games were a lot simpler,
and you didn't have all this firmware.
You got your cartridge, and you liked it.
That was firmware.
You dropped it, and it still worked. That was firmware.
You flushed a cartridge in the toilet, and it still worked.
It is the classic game of the week, and I believe Dark Sakura is taking it back this week.
I am.
The game of the week is Yars' Revenge for the Atari 2600.
Yars, not Yaris.
This is a great pick, just so you know.
It's also a game that particularly illustrates the proper way to use an apostrophe with something that ends in an S.
Although, to be honest, if they were ever going to make a second Yars game, Yars' Revenge would be kind of funny.
It would be like Christine, you know, words that end with an S.
Anyway.
Anyway, it came out in 1982, and it was created by Howard Scott Warshall, who wrote Raiders of the Lost Ark and E.T.
But we forgive him because of Yars' Revenge.
That's right. For every bad game he made, there was a good game.
And let's not forget, he was under tremendous pressure with E.T.
Read his side of it. You'll feel a lot of sympathy for the guy.
Which isn't that like the plot of the Angry Video Game Nerds movie now?
Trying to find where all the cartridges of E.T. are?
Who cares? I care about the real story. No offense.
Well, anyway, it was supposed to be a licensed port of the game called Star Castle.
Which, there's a cannon that's protected by these counter-rotating shields.
And you have to shoot holes in the shields to destroy the cannon inside.
But then again, once you shoot the holes, the cannon can shoot you.
So, um...
Kill or be killed.
Anyway.
So, as they were developing the Atari version, it actually changed quite a bit.
So now your hero is called a Yar, which is like a little insect thing that nibbles through the lair.
And then it can shoot his cannon into the breach and kill the evil Kotyle.
Which I think is how it was said.
Um, who was on the side of the barrier.
Although you can be shot at through the barrier.
And, uh...
And it, uh...
And it turns into a swirl.
However, you're warned before you get shot at.
And you can go back to the other side of the little energy wall.
Which, I swear the first time I saw that I was like, is my TV fucked up?
But no. It's a party game.
Um, it's also a little safe zone.
The neutral zone.
Um, the swirls can get you, but the little torpedoes cannot.
And you cannot shoot from within the neutral zone.
So, um, you've got different scoring.
And if you, like, the highest thing you can get is if you shoot one of those swirls in mid-air with the Zorlon cannon.
Which is this little shooty thing.
You get 6,000 points and an extra life that you can get only up to nine lives.
And each level ends, um, when you kill the Kotyle or the swirl.
So, uh, basically when you reach 70,000 points the shield will turn blue.
And the swirls come out with more frequency.
If you get 150,000, the shield turns gray.
And, you know, even more crap comes up.
And you get a guided missile.
It's gonna get ya.
230,000 points, the shield turns pink, and the swirls will begin to fire three, um, times more frequently.
And not give you warnings.
There was a comic book that came out with it.
Had a mini comic book, um, that, uh, was at the game package.
And it gave the story behind the game and why it was seeking vengeance because apparently the thingy blew up their world.
And then there was an album that had a theme song and a radio drama of the comic book.
So that was kind of neat.
There's also an easter egg in the game that if you kill a swirl in mid-air, a black vertical line appears on the screen across the spot where the swirl was shot.
And the line is referred to in the manual as Ghost of Yars and warns the player to stay off the mean streak.
If the player moves vertically along that line and is about one to two inches below the middle of the screen when the explosion closes,
the game will end and go into a game select screen with the programmer's initials HSW, um, that's forward and backwards on the word select.
Um, if you do it in game six or seven, JOV appears, which is under the player's initials.
There's a remake, um, for the, uh, Game Boy Color in 1999.
In 2005, of course, it came out on the Atari Flashback II.
There's a three in one that came on the GBA in 2005.
And, um, that also came with Pong and Asteroids.
It's available in Game Room in 2010.
There's a reimagining that came out on Xbox Live Arcade.
Um, and, uh, actually I think it's not out yet on PS3. They said they were gonna be doing it.
I don't know if it ever did come out on PS3. I don't remember.
I checked it out on 360 and I was like, it is nothing like this.
Well, now the Yar is a chick with power armor.
And then there's another remake that's a prequel that's called Yar's Revenge First War that, um, was part of the Atari Go deal on April 8th, 2011 on Facebook.
And, uh, it's supposed to be a lot more like the 2600 game. I haven't played it.
And there's another one that's free on browsers that supports HTML5 that is on Atari.com.
There's other classic Atari games.
And, um, there's a sequel called Yar's Return that's on the Atari Flashback II.
The end.
There it is, your classic game of the week. A real classic going way back to the Atari 2600.
Yar's Revenge. Undoubtedly one of the best 2600 games they ever did.
Absolutely.
Alright, well we are going to take a break, guys, when we come back.
We've got more of Orange Lounge Radio to come, including rapid fire, uh, news.
The Fubo Question of the Week, uh, some other gaming related news.
And a hilarious follow up to something I said next week, or I said last week, would probably not go away.
The Futures!
It's really funny. We'll get to that in just a little bit.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live with episode number 482 of our show for this November the 18th of 2012.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news, but first, I gotta ask Loki.
Loki's over there. He's like, alright, let me touch the Wii U tablet.
He's gonna touch the Wii.
Alright, alright, Loki, touch the Wii U tablet.
I, I like it. I think it has a good, for such a big frickin' thing, it's, it's got a really nice feel to it.
It's, I mean, as far as the placements of the analog sticks, they're comfortable, but hitting, like, the buttons below it is not quite comfortable.
It, like, if you're trying to hit the A, like, the A button, if there was a game that you were using, you know, like, first person shooters and stuff, where the A button might be used, that is a bit, you know, that could cramp up your hand pretty bad.
You know what's strange about that is that from that, that's, I felt that, wow, words, yes, I felt that in the menus that, and I think this might be more related to the Xbox 360 controller since they just flipped where the buttons are.
I kinda noticed that problem in the menus, but the little, the couple of games that I was playing through didn't really have finger placement issues.
I don't know.
Well, if you wanna follow me on Miiverse, again, I said this quickly here in the first part of the show, but if you did pick up a Wii U and you wanna follow me on Miiverse, my name on the Wii, really creative, y'all, Rob Roberts, all one word.
I know, really tough to figure out.
Alright, let's, uh, travel, uh, through some rapid fire news and talk quickly about what else is going on in the gaming world, not just a Wii.
There's StarCraft II, Heart of the Swarm, which is the next expansion for StarCraft II, and it should be coming out March 12th.
It was originally kind of alluded to or leaked out on Battle.net, and of course, they confirmed.
That'll be out March 12th.
It'll be released individually at $39.99, and of course, Digital Deluxe and Collector's Edition version will be available as well, priced at $59.99 and $79.99 respectively.
And the Digital Deluxe version, like anything else that is Blizzard, will contain stuff that, you know, doesn't necessarily apply to the game that you're buying, which doesn't make any fucking sense to me.
You get a pet for World of Warcraft and a new sigil for Diablo III, and, um, and yeah.
Why, someone explain this to me, why the fuck would I buy a Collector's Edition for one game to get shit for another game? That doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Because you're already playing the other game, especially WoW.
There's a lot of Blizzard crossover in the fandom. I would say there's more synergy within that fandom than almost any other type of company, with the exception of maybe Squeenix.
And you actually can-
Before pre-IDOS.
And you can get StarCraft pets in WoW.
Yeah, there's a lot of that crossover, but sigils, really, really-
That's a bit of a stretch.
Really.
But what else are they gonna give you, a friggin' legendary drop?
I don't know, I mean, it's just kinda dumb that they have that. Behind the scenes DVD slash Blu-Ray, and a soundtrack, also a Heart of the Swarm hardcover art book, and a Zerg Rush mousepad.
Key, key, key, key, key.
Let me put it this way, okay? Rational people out there, just don't fucking buy the Collector's Edition. You don't need to spend $40 extra for a pet in WoW and a goddamn mousepad.
It's not, just, resist. You can do it. I mean, seriously, it's just kinda-
But if you are an addict and bought it, give me the pet.
I would be glad to give you mine, because otherwise the code will be completely unredeemed.
Okay.
Do you have the one from the original StarCraft II release?
No, I do not.
Okay, I will send that your way when I get home.
Yes! So I win, I win, Rob, you can't have it.
Sorry, you're making food and not in the room. Disqualified.
So PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale comes out next week, and they've already announced their first bit of DLC.
What? Early DLC? What the fuck? Why? I'm not paying for DLC. Well, good, you don't have to, because it's actually free.
And the two characters they're going to be adding to the roster include Kat, who is from Gravity Rush, the Vita game, and I guess Emmett Graves, who is the character from Starhawk.
And what's kind of cool is apparently the unique gameplay styles from both of those games are going to cross over into it,
including Kat's ability to manipulate gravity and Emmett's ability to kind of call the support stuff from Starhawk, the build-as-you-kind-of-go type thing.
So that's pretty neat, and free DLC is always awesome, and it's kind of cool to see if they're going to be expanding this game.
Maybe when the Game of the Year edition comes out with all the characters in there, they may consider picking it up, but still pretty neat.
And last but not least, and I've actually used this company before, Fingerprints is actually doing something now with Minecraft,
where you can actually export a part of your world and have it printed in 3D. That's right, your own Minecraft world creations in 3D.
And you just have to download the app that's on the Fingerprints website, just fingerprints.com slash Minecraft, and you can go check it out.
And I guess the prices vary depending on the size of your model that you're having printed, and they kind of give some examples, and they're pretty cool looking.
I had gotten one from my Xbox 360 avatar, so I actually have a 3D avatar of myself at my desk, which is pretty awesome.
But yeah, it doesn't really say how much it would cost for your creations.
There would be some cool stuff I'd want to make from our world, but I have to see how much this is.
Looks like it may only be one chunk. I'm thinking it might be one chunk, but neat! Kind of cool.
Looks cool. Moving on, Classic Dragon Quest fans will rejoice in the news that the Heartbeat Studio that originally developed the games in the Super Nintendo and PS1 games,
that closed shortly thereafter, is up for a revival as the Genius Sonority.
They previously worked on Pokemon Colosseum, Dragon Quest Swords, and the Dinpamen, they came by wave.
Manaba Yamana revealed by Twitter that Heartbeat will be relaunched after a decade, starting early next year with a new business perspective.
According to Inside Games, Yamana said to expect a new webpage with more information next year.
Can only imagine what their debut title is going to be.
Origin has been hit by a series of security breaches as users come to find out their accounts have been cracked and personal details have been leaked.
Sigh. To make matters worse, EA's own security measures ensure victims aren't resolving the issue.
Because it's so unable to log back in, change your email address back, change your password, certain things along those lines.
Users affected by the attack are told that their email address is invalid whenever they try to log in,
and as soon as they call EA to find out what's wrong, they get shut down by representatives who can't help them without a receipt and valid date of birth.
S.M.H.
Yes, with a valid date of birth, the course is being changed by said hacker.
Because, you know, that has to be something that'll change, because you will mysteriously be born at a different date than you once were.
God bless web development.
NeoGaf has managed to compile tens of thousands of threads, well that wouldn't surprise me,
ten threads of complaints on EA's official forums and just a sample of the overall total of grief being expunged on the internet.
If you use Origin, do your due diligence, unique password, make sure all your stuff is correct so you at least have a remote chance of getting back into your account.
Be internet safe.
Since you brought up NeoGaf, I don't visit that site an awful lot because it's a little too busy and I have too much, like, ADD,
but there was, like, the most winning thread I've ever seen on a web forum was on NeoGaf this week,
and it had to do with photoshopping your favorite, or no, a descriptive, animated gif as the box art for a game.
Like, I'm describing this and I'm doing a terrible job, but like there was this great, like somebody photoshopped a box art for Tokyo Jungle,
and it was like these two kiddies in a dog hall wrestling, and it was really funny, like there was all this kind of stuff.
Grand Theft Auto 5 with a cop taking some guy out, it's like all these great animated gifs from around the internet on video game box art.
That's absolutely nothing to do with what you just talked about, but I like gifs.
Who doesn't?
And two days ago was officially Miyamoto's 60th birthday.
Not too much need to be said for a man like him.
Imagine how the state of games would be different had Shigeru Miyamoto and Nintendo and the entire uprising that has happened on the last three decades not actually occurred.
Uprising? Bad choice of words.
Up checking.
In some cases, like, the value Wii games, I suppose.
How about Oother News?
Oother News?
Tom Hardy is going to be playing the lead in Splinter Cell for the movie version, Sam Fisher.
Good.
However, he's also slated to join Michael Fassbender in an Assassin's Creed film, so.
Also, God, as if this wasn't enough.
Who remembers Barkley Shut Up and Jam?
Well, the group that did Barkley Shut Up and Jam Gaiden, the sequel that was all completely parody, have a new Kickstarter up to make a game called
Magical Realms of Tyran Anog, Escape from Necron 7, Revenge of Cocolon, the official game of the movie chapter 2 of the Hoops Barkley saga.
That's awesome.
And then Jet Set Radio Vita will be out November 20th.
And a mobile version will be out in 90s after for iOS and Android. The end.
Let's get to the foogle question of the week.
Take Facebook and Google Plus. Yes, people are on Google Plus.
And slam them together and you get foogle.
Make them do it. Make them have retarded babies.
What? Foogle.
Foogle. Go foogle yourself.
Alright, every week we ask a question on our foogle communities and we get answers.
And we read some of our favorite answers on the show.
We have a lot of responses this week because I actually planned ahead this week and asked the question a whole day early.
So you're very welcome that we get more participation this week.
Very controversial article going around the internet this week because, you know, how else do you get hits for your website?
Stir up some controversy.
Like determining the all time 100 best video games.
Now usually I wouldn't give two shits about a list like this because everybody's got one on their site, whatever.
But it's Time Magazine's website.
And so I go, okay, well Time Magazine, that's a magazine that's been around, you know, a little while.
And has a big reputation as like a news magazine.
It's in every dentist's office in the country. You've seen Time Magazine at some point.
So they put up their list of the all time best of the best 100 video games.
Now I don't have time to read the entire list here.
But just to give you an idea of some of the things they named.
The Oregon Trail was on there.
Mass Effect 3 was on there.
Yay!
When I looked at the list, I saw it as a little more like, these are influential games.
Not necessarily the best games, but games that like were felt.
And there's only two games from this decade on the entire list.
From the 2010s.
Mass Effect 3 and Batman Arkham City.
Which, well, Batman Arkham City was a pretty fucking great game too.
Bad citizens are both pretty worthy.
Both pretty worthy.
The oldest games on the list from the 1970s.
The Oregon Trail.
Hunt the Wumpus.
Does anyone remember that? I actually remember the Wumpus game.
Pong.
Breakout.
Space Invaders.
Adventure.
And Asteroids.
But some people are having issues with this list.
Because they only would do one game from a series.
So I think they did the original Zelda.
The original Mega Man.
They did Metroid, but not like any of the follow-up games.
No Guardian Legend.
They did Final Fantasy VII, and yes, no Guardian Legend.
Bastards!
They picked VII, that is amazing justification.
I can see, I can see.
Well look, we asked you guys on Google Plus and on Facebook.
We're sure many of you saw this list.
What was your impression of the list?
Being that time is more of a news organization than something that typically caters to entertainment.
Were there any glaring omissions or issues?
So here's some of the answers from Google Plus.
Kevin R. replied and said,
I think Wii Sports should not be on this list.
What about cult followings like Disgaea and .hack and Persona?
Let's see some that are not for the mainstream.
Kevin, I'm totally with you on the second half, but Wii Sports not being on the list?
Well here's the thing.
The fact that it's Time magazine is why Wii Sports is on the list.
This was not EGM or some like game.
You have to remember, Wii Sports broke the mainstream in a way very few video games have.
It is the top selling video game ever.
Am I not right?
100% agree.
Very unfortunate for us and what we do, our feelings and what we say, but
Wii Sports is the number one reason why, as you said before,
the Wii was such a runaway sale, period.
But I get it. I'm not here to argue with listeners who are commenting on Google for the first time.
I'm not doing that.
But I'm just saying, think about it this way.
Because even though as a gamer you might be like,
there really isn't much of a game here. I'm just flailing about here.
Only Wii bowling counts.
That flailing sold a hell of a lot of systems.
Elliot B says,
You know, Portal 2 I'll give you.
Minecraft, vomit.
Until someone buys me a copy.
I'm sorry, but your opinion doesn't count on Minecraft.
I know that sounds harsh, but I'm sorry.
Here's the thing I do want to say to be fair.
Portal 1 is on the list.
And so they did the whole No Sequels thing.
So I'm okay with Portal 1 topping Portal 2.
Minecraft.
I think that's one of those, let it age like a wine.
I think in five more years,
I think we haven't really felt Minecraft's influence yet.
Batman Arkham City and Minecraft 3,
Mass Effect 3, were final games in long running series.
Or the latest games in long running series.
They had a little different battle to that list.
So, hmm.
Let's see.
Robert G picked up on something.
It was a good list, but it had some editing problems.
Atari's adventure screenshot was not from the actual game.
I have to see if that is...
Is that not from the game?
I'm trying to look at it.
I guess maybe not.
It looks like a game screenshot,
but I'm thinking, when do you take the red dragon there?
Weren't they all in front of little castles?
Or could you move them around?
I think someone Googled that and said,
let's use this one.
Probably.
It could have been a hacked image or something like that.
Maybe.
We could have found a better one.
It's like when you go to the movie
and the trailer isn't in the movie.
Which happens all the time.
It happens all the time now.
That was a big thing in TV commercials for a while, too.
Yeah, TV commercials for shows.
All the time.
That was some of the answers from Google+.
I'm sorry I didn't read them all,
but there's some good stuff there,
so I hope you will check them out.
Let me read some of the answers from Facebook.
Critical Myth, also on the VOG Network,
replies, starting off,
it was a nice walk through gaming nostalgia,
could possibly take our subjective likes and dislikes
and personal histories into account
to match our expectations or preferences.
A very good reminder.
But hey,
we still have to argue about it anyway, right?
Tiara,
our good buddy Tiara from Geek-Life.com
replies and says,
don't get me wrong,
Final Fantasy Tactics is one of my favorite games,
but how did that make it on the list?
But Final Fantasy IV and VI didn't.
Overall, a lot of good choices,
but some questionable ones as well.
Well, Tiara, I'm pretty sure IV and VI
didn't make the list because VII did.
And now we're gonna go back
and have that old argument
about Final Fantasy VII,
so I'll just let that be.
Interesting that they did jump.
Not that the Final Fantasy universe
was canonical
from release to release,
but interesting that they would jump out to Tactics
in addition to VII.
Tactics, though, is a completely
different type of game.
And I think the argument I was going for
would be like
modern Mega Man games,
like Battle Network, not that I would put them
in a candidate for top 100, but just saying
the fact that there are a lot of Mega Man spinoffs
with completely different play style and whatnot.
How many other RTSs are in there?
Like, did they do Breath of Fire?
It's a big list.
It's a page list.
Well, I have a quesadilla in my mouth.
I'm just using it as an example.
Did they do Tactics Ogre,
or anything that was that same style
of gameplay?
Final Fantasy Tactics really, I think, took out
something that was an
almost niche,
just slightly outside the niche level,
and really brought it into
mainstream, because it was a big
name that everyone recognized.
I'm scanning this list real quick
trying to look for tactical games.
Desktop Tower Defense,
I don't even know what that game is.
That would be tactical.
It's Tower Defense.
That's about all you have to say.
Well, but
look at all the fucking Tower Defense games
we have now. That's a huge part of IOS.
No, I agree with it on the list.
I'm saying the genre.
How dare you disagree?
Not
a lot of other tactical games on the list.
I don't see a lot of those
other games you were mentioning.
I definitely agree with Jamie's point,
that Goful World with a Great Story
gave it a similar enough
engine, and it is one of the only
strategy games to hit as wide adoption
as it did.
Let's see, some of the other answers from
Facebook. Daniel S.
replied and said, yeah, didn't bother with the list.
They're just bait for more
page clicks. Check out IGN's
Top 100 RPGs list.
They put Persona 4 at number 90.
I stopped reading lists after that.
While I don't totally disagree with you,
one reason I picked this list in particular
is that it is Time magazine.
It's not a video game site.
It's like a news site.
While yes, to some
extent, it probably still is bait for page clicks.
Most things on the internet are.
I kind of felt there was still
that history behind the publication.
It would be different if this is something they were
putting in their magazine, in
actual print publication, but it's not.
Has
Time done an actual video
game issue?
I don't think, well, in the 80s
probably. But I don't think we've had
anything modern coming out of there where they actually
go into the economics behind it, where they go
into the social aspects behind it, because that's something
I would put more along the line of
Time magazine's caliber.
That's the type of editorial I'd want to see out of
Time magazine in relation to video games,
not a Top 100 list.
Jonathan L. with a good reply
here on Facebook, well, they're all good, but this one
particularly caught my attention.
It seems this is actually a list of
games that were original for their time,
rather than a list of the all-time best.
The Super NES library says
hi. The list also doesn't
have any treasure games, DS games,
arcade music games, 3D sports games,
3D fighting games, MOBAs, or
any of the Top 40 games on Twitch TV
right now. Therefore, it is invalid.
World of Warcraft has to be
in the Top 40 of Twitch TV, for with
all the arena matches that go on on there, so I think you
might have overlooked that one, but I get your point.
I hadn't even considered it. DDR isn't a game on the list.
No, DDR was not on the list.
Guitar Hero was.
I wonder if there's any relationship there.
Everyone knows that DDR ripped off Guitar Hero.
Here's the thing.
In America,
I know this is hard for the long-time
fans to hear, so just hold your breath
for a minute, not too long, don't choke.
Guitar Hero made a
bigger impact in the States than DDR did.
Sorry.
Truth hurts.
I mean, I won't deny
the splash that it made.
Whether it should have or not is another argument.
I won't argue that.
Guitar Hero 1 and 2, I had a
hell of a lot of fun with.
It was, you know, being
the Bimani kid all throughout the
98 release up until
when did Guitar Hero come out?
2007, I believe?
Compared to
the only other thing that was available at the time,
I completely and totally welcomed
songs that I would actually know from
my youth, a difference
in the game, and a very excellent
presentation. It's just
Guitar Hero and DDR
are not, I would not put them
close enough together, and they both
made a significant
splash for each their own
reasons. DDR was ridiculously
influential in the arcade, even
though it can't save them. Not in America, anyways.
And Guitar Hero for,
you know, less presentation,
more performance. I will say, though,
to give to the other
side of the coin, though, because I am a long-time
DDR fan, one thing that should be acknowledged
about Dance Dance Revolution that the Guitar Hero
can't lay claim to is that
none of these video games will you find in a PE
class, but
DDR is the only game to have broken that barrier.
So, you know, again,
maybe it's in that same category as Minecraft.
DDR in a PE class is
kind of a new thing. Give it five or ten
years, and maybe we will have
accepted it a little more as a culture.
Maybe Minecraft will soon become
sculpting class lessons. Who knows?
Alright, let me read, like, one more of these,
and I'm so sorry I didn't get to everybody, but
I want to read this one from Degenerate Johnny.
It appears to me that most of the
mainstream media focuses on commercial successes
or games with a cult following.
Since this is a top 100 list, it doesn't surprise
me that Time did the same thing in this scenario.
The purpose of this list was not
to inform us gamers, because this is
something that we can expect from a generalized top
100 list. This list was to inform
the magazine's target market,
which is clearly not us gamers.
Movie buffs
don't care about top 100 movie lists for
magazines such as Time and People. Why should
we? Playboy features games in
almost every issue. Should we care about
this? Only if there's a centerfold of
our favorite video game female characters,
or male if you read Playgirl.
Jamie, quit drooling over the centerfold of
Garrus. Really?
Gaming in every issue of Playboy?
Honestly? I'm pretty sure they do.
It is a magazine for men. Sure.
Wow.
That's just funny to think about. There's not enough
Turian in my life.
Okay, before the weird
turn that comment took in the second half,
I'm so with you on the first
half, is that, you know,
the mainstream media
focuses on commercial successes or games
with a cult following. That is where this list really
came from. Of course. For the record,
I have to say one thing real quick.
Do you know what Cleverbot is?
Uh, is that an AOL bot?
Kinda. It's actually a website you type stuff in and it
replies to you. Um, I typed in Turians
and it replied, I am the very model of a scientist
Larian.
Just saying. Cause some nerd
works at that website. You know it.
Oh, there's Portal ones on here too. Alright, thank you to
everybody on both Facebook and Google+. I'm
sorry if I didn't read your answer, but we are
running a little long tonight. I encourage you to visit
both of our communities on Google+.
Search for Orange Lounge Radio or
Facebook. Go to Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
I encourage you to go and read
all of the responses and click like
or plus one. Or if you're on the
Wii U, you can click YEAH!
YEAH! YEAH!
Cause that's the new, cause obviously
like and plus one are trademark terms. So there's
it was either YEAH or YEAH.
It's one of the two. Y-E-A-H.
Why do they have like plus coins or something?
That actually would have been a good idea.
Or one up. Cause Nintendo
just thought of it yesterday.
No, no, today.
Actually a one up is really fucking cute.
Yeah it is.
Loki, I think you should go work for Nintendo.
Oh because I know what the internet is.
Instead of like, what did you just
introduce? What did you speak of?
Be surprised. Why not?
Alright. We have to make
we have to make screen name.
We'll attach it to the
console and what if their console breaks?
Our consoles never break you!
Death to you! I don't know.
Alright, Loki.
How about some real news?
Some real news. Okay.
Let's talk about Black Ops 2.
Black Ops 2, big surprise.
Biggest title of the year.
It has broken all sorts of records.
You know, Modern Warfare 3 of course
sold 6.5 million copies in the
US and UK.
And you know, the previous record
was 400 million dollars
in the first day.
Black Ops 2 beat that
with 500 million
dollars in the first day.
So that's a lot of game.
And the
biggest entertainment launch in
history.
So, hooray.
And I'm sure next year you'll
maybe beat your record again.
Modern Warfare 4 will break it.
Black Ops 3 will break it.
Well, if there's new consoles
next year though, that could throw an interesting monkey
wrench in the situation. Nah, because they'll make it for the other
consoles as well. That's true. There'll be
that little while where they're making it for
everything. Because there's the Wii U version.
Are they still making PlayStation
2 versions? Nope.
That stopped with World
of War. Not as of
the big titles, but I was actually glancing
over and you guys were doing release dates and I do still see
some new title PlayStation 2 versions.
Pro Evo.
Pro Evo, just like the Wii version.
FIFA was just like the
same thing. Those are just rehashed versions
They're there, just saying.
New PlayStation 2 titles are crazy to me.
To be fair though, didn't we discuss on a prior show
that really the only PlayStation 2 game
that's left to come out is the Final Fantasy 11
expansion? I want to say that came up in a prior show.
That like, here's what you have to look forward
to in 2013.
One PlayStation 2 game.
11 expansion? Mhm.
Oh, duh. Nevermind.
Alright.
So yeah, lots of money.
Alright, moving on to
LEGO Lord of the Rings.
I know some of y'all are excited about The Hobbit.
And so of course, up comes
all the new tie-in games with this.
So there's LEGO Lord of the Rings, which I guess
granted, LEGO is kind of its own little
monster gaming series, but regardless.
The Xbox
360 version of this came out
just this past week, but here's
something crazy.
I guess some demo discs
as opposed to retail game discs
got shipped out to retailers.
Not quite.
Oh, really?
The retail discs actually got shipped
out, but they were labeled as demo discs.
So they weren't
actually demo discs, it's just
a demo copy on it. But what
a collector's item that is, because
these stories are saying, quick, you better take them back
and get them exchanged. Hell no, you
shouldn't hang onto that thing. That's gonna
be money to some
collector. It's only a small
it's not all of them, like in fact,
all the ones we got shipped were not like that.
Microsoft to Walmart, Target,
and Toys R Us is the places
you're gonna find this, so not
on pod distribution. Sorry, Loki.
Nah, sorry, I got my little big
planet.
So, yeah, very, very
interesting. So they are doing an official
recall. You can contact WB
Games either by email or by
phone, but at the same time,
if the disc really is
the game, then hooray, you have the game.
I say enjoy it
and then keep that thing in good condition
because a collector may want that someday.
Maybe. I don't know.
I mean, it might be stretching it a bit. It's no
what's that frickin'
NES game?
Stadium Events?
What's that game that was for the NES
power pad? It was World Class Track Meet before
World Class Track Meet.
I think it was Stadium Events. That thing goes for
like, buku bucks now.
Or the
competition cartridges from like
Nintendo World Championships.
Oh, I thought you were gonna say like the Blockbuster
Championship thing. Those too. All those cartridges
go for buku bucks too, so
misprints and shit.
Dark Soccer, you collect old stuff. I have a
Monopoly.
Oh. That's right, a
Monopoly. And that was on
Genesis? No, Master System.
I have two of them.
And I have an actual monopoly.
Alright.
Let's move on with some more
no, not more news.
Yes.
More news. I'm kidding.
I'm not with it tonight. Dark Soccer.
Well, in other news.
And I'm gonna
mispronounce the name of this game because I'm not sure
exactly how it's said. Is it Arm A?
Arm A3? Arma.
Arma? Arma 3? Okay. Because it's not a game I'm
super interested in, but I'm pretty pissed off
about the situation.
The developers, Ivan, I guess it's
Buchta and Martin Pezlar
are, actually
have been held in jail for
70 days in Greece.
Because they have been
charged with espionage.
They've actually now been refused bail
and have to be tried in front of a
Greek court. And this is
coming from the Czech
news site Roslas.
Excuse me.
They've been made to wake weeks
longer because of a
strike in the Greek legal system.
They've been accused of spying on
Greek military installations and face up to
20 years in jail.
The shooter itself was based on the island where
they were arrested. And they
said that they were just there on holiday.
So, um,
they're, and this is just a quote
from, um, Ivan's father.
They're in a cell with over 25 people.
They sleep on the ground. They have food twice
a day. Um, they no longer
tell us on the phone that it's alright that
they're handling it. After the
court's decision, we only hear
from them something no parent ever wants to hear.
Mom, Dad, please save us.
So, um, the
people have been, um,
writing to the Czech president
and prime minister saying that the foreign ministry
hasn't been doing enough. And the
foreign ministry spokesperson says that they're
trying to work it from all angles and trying to help
them out. So,
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's an ongoing
saga. We heard about that before.
And, um, they may be in there a little while,
huh? Well, let's hope not.
Alright, uh, let's move on.
We're almost to the mailbag. The FUs of the Week.
And soon, Skype line at 1877
Game OLR or Orange
L'Anterio on Skype. But first, Loki.
And this is kind of unfortunate on the whole
mobile front. And actually, I think it's on
PC as well, if I remember correctly. Um,
but Open Faint, the kind of
alternative to using
Gamer Room, at least on the iOS platform, and
well, it was one of
the only kind of multi-platform
kind of, uh,
hubs for
even the Android marketplace. Well,
you may remember GREE
purchased Open Faint,
its parent company, back in April
2011. Well, now,
Open Faint is gonna be
shut down. And they're
shutting down the service starting, um,
well, actually effective December 14th.
And in its place is gonna be GREE's
platform that they have, which I've
not experienced yet.
You know what's funny is, uh,
this is what I was teasing about before the break.
Um, one of our listeners, Peter Uno, he always
does these little live blogs as he's listening to the show.
And he was listening to the podcast today.
And he said about the show,
haha, you just mentioned
Open Faint not going out of business.
Because we were having that conversation last week about, like,
things coexisting. And one of us brought up,
I think it was me, brought up the whole, well, you have
Game Center, but it didn't put Open Faint out of
business. Oops. Well, it didn't.
It's just, it's, you know,
becoming something else. Yeah, it is
still a little bit funny.
And, of course, Peter Uno brings it up because
GREE is a Japanese company.
And very prominent for those titles over there.
Ah. And, you know, it didn't really
make the regional cross. I remember,
uh,
early days of the, of these
networks really coming out, Aurora Faint
turned into Open Faint. And it was
just a runaway hit. And I... Wasn't Aurora
Faint the game? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Aurora Faint had
its little social hub network
within game. And whenever
they started... That was a huge game in the
early days of iOS. And whenever they opened
their network, their platform to other
people is how it became Open Faint
that others could use. I mean,
Open Faint in America, Open Faint
beat out N.G. Mokos++,
who I think was also bought by
GREE, um,
uh, that beat out Plus Plus. It
beat out Crystal or...
Crystal's still lagging.
I don't see it very often. But Open Faint
I see everywhere. And now,
for it to go away and
to cease functioning this
soon is kinda crazy
in my mind.
Alright. Well, let's move on
to a story about another lawsuit in the gaming
world. Jamie, I'm really interested on your take
on this as a designer. This is really
interesting and kinda somebody who has
to be aware of, like, copyright
work when it comes to design.
This has to do with tattoos.
So a tattoo artist has sued
THQ. And if there's one company
that can't afford a lawsuit right now, it's THQ.
But a tattoo artist sued
THQ over some
tattoo art that is seen in
UFC Undisputed 2010
and UFC Undisputed 3.
The tattoo artist is named Chris
Escobedo
and he filed a lawsuit against THQ
because of a tattoo
that he has copyrighted
that is on MMA fighter Carlos
Condit in these UFC
games. Now, his argument
says that even though his
tattoo is on
this public figure, the
tattoo's design still belongs to
him. He created it originally.
He never signed the rights to the
design-awaited Condit. So by
digitally recreating the design,
which, you know, THQ did,
THQ is said to
have, in this lawsuit, violated
Escobedo's copyright
on the work.
The lawsuit goes on to say that THQ using
Condit's likeness on the website
violates Escobedo's copyright
as well. The lawsuit wants
actual damages caused by THQ's
use of the artwork, as well
as an order directing THQ
to account to Mr.
Escobedo
for all gains, profits, and advantages
derived by them by their
wrongful conduct and to
disgorge all profits obtained by their
wrongful conduct.
He's got a legal point,
but, honestly, this is
just being selfish and greedy.
I mean, maybe he's got bills that need to be paid.
I don't know.
But, I mean, if I did
a design, you know,
that's... Now, if it's something
that
wasn't being worn on a human
body, like, if it was, like, say,
a banner, or something, or
some, like, actual artwork
that I put up, you know, as
something on display, and they
used that, like, as a logo, or
something you
specifically, with the intention
of making money off of it,
instead of actually recreating
a personal likeness,
then, yeah, I would, I would kinda go after
that. I would say, you know, you're using something
that I did, and making money,
using it for the express purpose of making money.
All they did was recreate
a likeness, and the guy licensed
his likeness, which includes
everything attached to his likeness.
Do you think maybe the tattoo artist
should be going after this
fighter? Because the fighter should've known
about this before he licensed it. Well, on
top of that, when you do a tattoo for
somebody, as far as I
understand, unless you
have filed a legit copyright
on this item, first
of all, the, um,
the fighter should've been up
front and said something if there was an
actual, uh,
copyright filed.
If there's not a copyright filed
on it, this guy has no ground to stand on.
You know,
in fact, I think it's any,
um, unless this guy, it's this guy's
private business, I think that any
tattoo artist, unless they're, like,
an independent contractor,
listens over their work to the studio they do
the work for. Uh, Loki, I want to get to your thoughts,
too, as well as Jason, if he has any, but, um,
going to the chat room, because this is the exact same
thing I thought of. DukeNukem at
live.vognetwork.com says, didn't the
same kind of thing happen with the Tyson tattoo
in the Hangover Part 2? I believe
it did. That's the exact same thing I thought of, is that
they had to go, like, digitally re-
re-do that guy. Uh, Loki,
your thought. Well, I was just gonna say, I don't think it's anything
that, I, can you even
do that? I mean, because if you think about it,
you, you have this copyright thing,
so he can't make any, you know, public
appearances anywhere, because if he's captured on
camera, oh, it's a, it's a copyright
violation. That seems a little stupid,
like, if you, if you're putting it on somebody.
Now, if it was something blatant, like, he
had him tattoo Nintendo's logo on
his face or something like that, then,
that's a little kind of- What about that guy who got the
Romney tattoos all over the
internet this week? I'm actually checking with one of my
favorite sites ever, Freakonomics.
I love Freakonomics.
Um, they're basically going
on here, and they're going over that case, they're talking about
the hangover part two, um,
about the art appearing without the
artist's consent.
Um, okay.
Alright, if the film-
I'm gonna read this paragraph here.
If the film had featured an etching by
Whitmill, who's the guy, the studio
would have had to get the rights to show it, and the film
cleared. That is approved by the copyright owner.
That clearance process is a major headache
for a lot of filmmakers, especially documentarians
who film real life, and
therefore capture things like songs, TV shows,
and artwork. The same rule applies to
the tattoo. So far, so good for
Whitmill. Okay. And then,
so they're basically using it
as that. Now, they're asking, does Warner Brothers
have a way out? The studio may claim that the tattoo
is not original, that it was inspired by
Maori tattoos. Um,
this is unlikely to work. Copyright's
originality threshold is very low. Even
if Whitmill adapted his design
from one in the public domain, it will
nonetheless be copyrightable if not
copied exactly. If it
is not copied exactly.
Alright, before we move on to the mailbag,
anything? Oh. One last thing. Uh-huh.
They say that it is also, though, quite
likely protected under fair use doctrine.
Oh.
Mm. Interesting.
Um. I voted for Freakonomics on Podcast
Awards.
Best one in their category that I saw. I love
I actually had the Freakonomics
desk calendar. I used it for
three years. I would get it every
year. You learn a lot
from this website. Anyway, just saying.
But yeah, that came from Freakonomics.com
Um, copyright. Blah blah.
Alright.
Yeah, I was gonna ask the same question.
Why isn't this an issue on especially
pay-per-view, uh, mixed
martial arts, pay-per-view, uh,
UFC broadcasts? Um,
you know, licensing. God
only knows what happens behind the scenes, but I'm
surprised that this hasn't come up before.
Um, scary situation.
The, before having
known those details, I was gonna say
flat out that this is, this is
Carlos Condit's problems, and he's on the hook
for this problem for any license
agreement broken or otherwise.
I kind of agree with you, is that,
you know, before you get a piece of art
permanently put on your body, you better think about
who owns that art. And you wanna say that
at the same time, you wanna say
original or not, it's a tattoo
and it's there. Unless you're getting it on
your butt where no one will ever see it.
But special people. Clearly not the
case in this situation, but of course.
Yeah, I, that, this is a,
that's a, that's a really crappy situation.
I, not having the expertise,
I don't really wanna comment anymore, but that's a scary thought.
I do still think it's a case of money-grabbing.
I'm gonna get the copyright Mike Tyson
tattoo on my butt and no one will ever
know, and I'll get away with a crime.
You know what's gonna happen is
that THQ, somebody is gonna shell out
damages and there's gonna be a patch that's gonna
be devoted to removing this in-game. Period.
That's, that's the era we live in.
You know that there's gonna be a patch that adds in
a special copyright notice.
Or licensed from
A 1K patch with tensed alterations.
This is all time that THQ could spend
working on like something to make them money.
Something to entertain people.
So, alright
let's go to the mailbag. Every week you guys
send us emails. Mailbag at
orangelaunchradio.com and we read
some of our favorites here on the show.
DarkSakura has asked me to dive
into the mailbag tonight and I said
sure! Why not?
I'll get my hands dirty. The price?
Why didn't KZDM?
Alright.
Let's go to
Redertainment who sends us our first email tonight.
Greetings podcrafters!
Over the past couple days I've experienced a
problem playing Assassin's Creed 3 on
the 360. When I turn on my 360
to play the game, I see
a screen saying open tray
where I should be seeing the screen where
play game screen usually appears.
It takes a couple times of me opening
and closing the 360 DVD tray to get
the play Assassin's Creed 3 screen to come up.
I do not believe this is a problem
with the DVD drive as other games
WWE 13, Dragon Age Origins
Rockstar Table Tennis appear as normal.
Neither do I experience
this issue with any other DVDs or
CDs I've put into the DVD drive recently.
Only Assassin's Creed 3 on
Xbox 360 has given me this problem.
My 360 is unmodded so that's not
the problem. Also the Assassin's Creed
3 game disc does not appear to be
broken, scratched, warped, chipped or otherwise
damaged. I've tried searching around
online and can't find anyone else experiencing
this problem. Or at least no one
online is bitching about this problem.
Am I an anomaly or is
anyone else experiencing this problem
with Assassin's Creed 3 on the 360?
Stay black, Redertainment.
Have you tried turning it off and
back on again? Sorry.
I would say if you're still having
trouble doing that maybe try launching it
from one of the quick launch menus.
Or hit the guide button. You can launch games
I think through that as well. But the quick launch menu
will allow you to launch it as well.
I have actually had this problem
happen. And not on Assassin's Creed 3
but another game. And
there were a lot of fingerprints on
the disc. Now I know you said you checked
out your disc and it seems to be clean.
I'm wondering if
it's something where you can't see it.
Disc rot.
Well it's Assassin's Creed 3.
I mean that just came out.
I guess you never know. You never know.
Hey, there were whole laser discs that had disc rot at shipping.
If you have the ability to do so
I would just install the game
to your drive to be safe.
Granted you still need the game to boot
the file but I think you'll have a little more
luck there. Otherwise
I would clean the disc
anyway. You might not
be able to see it. And clearly you've already
established it's not your 360.
It's the disc.
And I don't know an Assassin's Creed 3
so it was another game. Try it in another person's
system to see if it's actually the disc.
I actually want to say it was Mass Effect 2.
Because I bought that used.
And Mass Effect 2 is fucking up all the games.
Seriously.
I'm pissed off at my Mass Effect 2
because I have the version that it does with a launcher
and now I can't use text mod at the end.
Don't. Alright let's go to
an email from Ramaditya
from Indonesia.
Hi guys it's Ramaditya from Indonesia.
I don't know if you've already
known about this. I believe you're familiar
with an NES game called Blaster Master
from Sunsoft. Oh yes.
One of my all time favorites.
You know what in fact now
that you brought it up. See now
I have to. Now I have to.
You brought it up.
So now I have to dig through
the folder. Well good that means the song will be stuck
in my head. Here you go.
Much better.
In fact it was one of my favorite games
when I was a child. Several days ago
I found out the info about
the hack version of Blaster Master.
The patch allows you to play
eight completely different levels from the game.
Because I cannot see
so it's impossible to tell you how good or bad
it is. But my girlfriend the one that
tried the game informed me it was great.
To know more about it please visit the link
below and he has a link to Zofar.net
which I. My first
reaction was that site's still
around. I remember
hanging out in IRC chat rooms that
Zofar was in. That was years. I was in college
then okay. Last I knew Zofar
was ad bombed and scary
as a result to go to it. Zofar's
got to be my age.
At least. He's mid 30's
for sure. Mr. International House of
Brahms. Anyhow
to know more
about it please visit the link below. It has the info
the game trailer and the patch itself.
So hope it blasts your day.
Now the link here is kind of lengthy
so I'll just tell you to go to Zofar at
Z-O-P-H-A-R
dot net if you didn't already know. And look for
Blaster Remaster.
A lot of people in the emulation scene did
this shit with like Mario Brothers. I
can't tell you. When hacking and sprite changing
when Nesticle implemented
and yes that's what it was called.
When Nesticle implemented the sprite changing
abilities Super
Penis Brothers was out within minutes.
Like everybody
did basic hacks to the game.
But they got like more and more and more in depth
and now you've got all these level changes.
Did you ever remember the
Metroid level
editor that they made? Oh yeah.
And there's actually several now
whole new versions of Metroid.
Classic Metroid that different layouts and
everything that are really well done.
Well thank you for a blast
in the past. Maybe it'll be better than that
Wii version they did
some time ago. There you go.
Ramaditya from Indonesia.
I love being in an international show.
Alright moving on.
Let's see. Here's a cheap
plug from Travis H.
This is worth mentioning because it has
to do with our old favorite pastime.
Travis H. sent us a plug here.
I will attempt the DDR
marathon record again on
November 23rd at 5 AM
Eastern to November 24th
to 9 PM Eastern. But this time
on Doubles Play.
He links
to an event on Facebook and
something called crowdrise.com
slash DDR world
record. So he's doing
the record. Is it for charity?
That's what I want to know. He's going to do it in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Ah here we go.
It is for charity. He raised $1000 for
local charity through the event. He wants
to double his results this year.
Rescue ministries meals.
I will be pledging two meals
per one hour that I compete. Well at least
it's for a good cause at the end of the day.
So I'm all
for everybody trying to one up each other on
these marathons and Guinness Book of World Records
and stuff when it's for charity. So good on you.
Speaking of charity, am I not
correct? Desert Bus started again
this weekend. Really? Yes.
Fine. Desert Bus is going. Umlaut's
coming up of course. You've heard Jamie
talk about that. God yes. I'm
still working on badges. It's
that time of year for child's play.
By the way, I want to let you
know that I was watching some Guinness World Records stuff.
They fit 28 women into a mini.
Wow.
I know. I'm like why do people think that this
is record worthy? Oh
and the longest note on the didgeridoo was
won by a 14 year old. Just saying.
I miss
didgeridoos.
I miss techno didgeridoo.
Remember that? That was a thing on OLR
years ago. I wanted
to bring up the didgeridoo for that.
Quick charity is something
that's interesting and actually the reason
I mentioned that I've been out here in California for over a week
and I wasn't on last week's show because my
employer held a dodgeball
charity tournament for
it was basically a who's who of the
startups and you know Silicon Valley
mostly San Francisco area
competitors and it was a whole hell of a lot of
fun. I believe it was 60,000
for local San Francisco charities.
It was
you know dodgeball. What experience
do we have from dodgeball?
The NES version that was amazing and
Jim and this was
there were 20 teams. It was a
Neo Geo game too which was
amazing. 20
20 teams of
across 17 businesses
a whole day's worth of fun.
It was amazing and even the
World Dodgeball Society came out to officiate
it and everything. It was a great time.
Dodgeball was a fun game.
That was one of my favorites growing up. Absolutely.
Alright. You ready to get taken back
with this inside joke?
We're all dancing. I want the DDR guy to dance to that.
If I'm ever a wrestler that's
the music I'm coming out to.
Alright. Last email tonight from
Elliot B.
Elliot B.
I had no idea that series
was 10 years old but it makes
perfect sense. You know
if Virtual Console on
Wii U were to start making GameCube
games show up which isn't outside the realm
of possibility. That's very possible.
Metroid Prime would sure be a
prime candidate to kick things
off.
Elliot's regretting that he sent that email.
Anyhow.
That's it for
emails this week. Mailbag at
orangeloungeradio.com
A few more stories for you guys and then
the uh... Will he be having the Metroid
primaries?
Yeah. He's really regretting sending that email.
You know we're gonna have an empty mailbag again next
week and we're gonna say why isn't anybody emailing us?
Oh yeah because we always tell the stupidest
jokes. Alright.
Let's get. Now would be an appropriate
time to do the FUs of the week.
FUs of the week. Dark Sakura.
FU to uh...
me not having a cat.
I really want a cat.
My husband says that we can't get a
cat until we buy a house. So he better
hurry up and buy me a house so I can get a cat.
At the end.
I don't know. I really don't have anything I
can be angry about. I guess FUs
of the fact that earlier this week I had to take
a few days off work because my car was
broken. But it doesn't matter anymore
because I have a different car. So.
Ha. Congrats.
We're Honda buddies. Yeah. Honda.
Is it a DeLorean? It's not a DeLorean.
I will be happy with my
Ponte Yoda.
Um.
FU to the utter
lack of self control that I have
and my credit card bill next month.
But yay to those reward
points. Uh.
Jason. Um.
FU to not
having a car because we're down to one and Brian
actually has to drive to work.
FU to Wells Fargo for
reasons that I don't really need to go into but are probably
completely obvious. I can
guess based on the FU. Yeah. And related
to that FU did $2 keyboards and
$50 computers. Those you know people
places like Wells Fargo that have to buy
these cheap ass little computers because everything
runs in a web browser. I hate those
keyboards. I don't know if it's
just ingrained to me because
I've always worked desk computer
keyboard jobs. But holy crap
you have a crappy keyboard and computers become
a thing that
an impossible thing.
Oh man. I did not
realize that that's ever something they would
say to me. Um.
FU to the
there's this bridge
near Berkeley north of the
Bay Bridge. Overpass rather north of the
Bay Bridge. And every time I've been
out here and come up towards Sacramento there's a sign
up there. Investigate 9-11.
Stop the war. I get the sentiment but
you're still up there. It's Berkeley.
Just wow.
No. It's Berkeley.
And related to that FU did
We love Berkeley but they bring
the crazy. And that's why we love them.
We need a little unpredictability in our life.
And related to that FU to the
Coney burned and carved into
the hillside that I saw going up here.
How many votes did he end up getting for president?
It's a joke. Wow. What?
Oh what? Was he
on the Colorado ballot like I was talking about?
He might have been. Did I miss something?
You haven't heard that joke? I just told like
the same joke that went around Twitter all day
after election. With all the bumper
stickers on cars how many votes
did he get in the election? Wow.
It's actually pretty good. Come on.
FU to me for being out of the scene.
Lastly
FU to the Wii U for sometimes just
not having button shortcuts
so you have to let go of the
controller tap on
I just haven't built it yet.
It I'm sure
will be patched but it's just it feels
weird. That's one of those doors that goes into a room
where surprise it's nothing. I can't wait
for the next five gigabyte patch so that'll
laugh. Sorry you
we owners that have the eight gigabyte model
you're just not going to be able to have the
shortcuts because it's another five gigabytes.
Good enough.
I still don't okay I still
don't understand Miiverse. I
can't just make a post to show
all my friends. Do you really? I have to post
in the like if I want to
show my cat I've got to go to
the Mass Effect 3 community and say hey
Mass Effect 3 community. I just want to
post a picture of my cat. Do you really
want a public Nintendo operated
Twitter clone though?
Well well
well
well it
offers me something that Twitter doesn't
and that is hand drawn
stylus messages. It sounds
to me that this whole
Miiverse thing is going to like kind of
devolve into some sort of like game
facts forum
to be fair
it works better than the
Vita's thing which I still
like I don't like you know the Vita has
that whole thing like you can see like what your
friends are doing and you can even comment on
posts. Nobody fucking knows
it's there. You probably don't even know what I'm
talking about. It's under the achievements
trophy screen. Like no no when you go into the
games you hit the little thing that says
down and it shows you the feed like so and so
just got this game. So and so unlocked
a trophy and you can actually like
or you know whatever the PlayStation version of
like is you can like
posts and comment and all that
shit like it was Facebook but no ain't
nobody reading it
because it's integrated very shitty
like like I'm going to go into each
individual game I own to look at the feed like
that should be to Nintendo's
credit at least that's the thing
that comes up when I turn my Nintendo
on. I looked at some
of those video game community feeds and it's
can I should I get this game
can somebody tell me if I should get this game
should I get this game. There were a
lot of really awesome
drawn art like I was I was
paging through Ninja Gaiden and there were a
bunch of like Ninja drawings and cheap jokes
that's the most detailed penis I've
ever seen. Yeah
Tiger Claw sent me a link saying are you
sure you want this to happen and then
of course you know tada
it's a penis drawn on the Wii U
what a shock series
looks like multiple penises actually a lot
that is their upside you know what
that's the banner of dick it's just
it's it's a drawing
of an alien planet where mushrooms
grow from the ceiling that's what it is
there are I still call it the banner
of dick there are cave
formations that do this I think it's funny that it's
under archery and swordplay
well played Bravo
does that make the TTP two hours
and forty five minutes
this is just one of those shows
all right Bravo JD
one Tiger
Claw suggests maybe it is Turian
genitalia I think
that Turian cock looks different than that
yeah that would imply that like Turians
pull down their pants and it's like an octopus
down there okay from those drawings that
would imply that Turians have
foreskins
moving on and
quickly
Loki what do you have for us
before we get we're up almost to the skype line
at one eight seven seven game OLR
we're on skype orange lounge radio we're
almost there but not just yet I don't have banners
of cocks unless that's a new game
franchise that they're gonna put out get out
but Ubisoft is
you know they may be interested in
thq's assets
of course you know
their boss
is it Vess
I'm not even gonna try to pronounce it French guy
anyways
anyways he basically said
yeah they're always interested in good brands and
you know it may be something
they can consider buying some of the IP
from them
I think it's just all speculation that kind of go on
reaching out to people saying hey you know
what do you think
what do you think thq's assets
impact is gonna be on like you know
the neo geo console or
the dreamcast or something like that
but you know they're just
kind of reaching
obviously if they struggle enough then they're gonna try to
sell off IP but I think they've already
sold off IP or at least stop making
stuff I know they're still
sitting on a bunch of those you know you draw
tablets that's for sure
but
I don't know I think right now they've kind of
limited it down to what they're gonna work
with and they're gonna make some
quality games based on it or at least they're gonna
try and fail
but we'll see
I tell you one IP they're not
interested in right now
UFC Undisputed
well that's not theirs anymore
that would be EA
oh
well just kill that joke
they aren't interested in it
because EA bought it already
alrighty then
uh
I got one more story for you guys
and uh you know
I know this I know
that this is the reason that you guys tune in
to Orange Lounge Radio is that
you wanna have your news
on Beyonce
and I've got your Beyonce
news for you right here and it has to do
with that lawsuit that was going on
between Beyonce and
Gate 5 uh this was that
whole thing about Superstar Beyonce
that was gonna happen and then she backed out of the deal
so uh
here it is now the appeal
of the judgment
where Beyonce's lawyers tried
to basically get it thrown out
they wanted a summary judgment in April
saying that Gate 5 didn't pull in the financing
that appeal failed
this doesn't mean Beyonce has lost
but this means we're gonna get
the trial of the century
it's gonna go to trial and a jury
will deter if they don't settle first
yeah that was just like trial of the century
call duty and settle
where a jury will have to determine if Beyonce
was within her contract to leave the project
or if she broke the agreement
so uh we could get a trial
out of this that would be kinda fun
yeah it'll settle you know it'll settle
but all I gotta say
is man two keytars
that's just fancy
here's the thing we're looking at this little picture
of Beyonce doing her little sachet
like her one keyboard girl's really into it over here
but look at this one
this one that looks like Juliette Lewis with blonde hair
she looks like the chick
from Mean Girls or whatever
oh no no not Mean Girls
I'm sorry she looks like the chick from Glee
the one that always has the blank
oh Britney why do I know that
oh god you know what I can safely say
I've never seen an episode of that show
I am so gay
and I can say that
I watched part of the series
the first few seasons just because
it was by the guy that did Nip Tuck
although that series was weird
but yeah I got out of it after about
I think it's a couple scenes
I have seen one episode of Nip Tuck
that's where they put all the liposuction fat in the woman's car
that's the only episode I've seen
American Horror Story is much better
it's messed up
yeah it's also him
if you like the FX show
you'll like American Horror Story
which is also an FX show
alright
they're on season 2 even
yes so after all that
Beyonce and Glee news
we can finally go back to video games
and your phone calls
Skype line is open right now
1877
game
or our username on Skype
is Orange Launch Radio
all one word
I'll get to the twitter topics here in just a moment
but I thought I'd check in with Loki first
yeah this is kind of weird I guess
so Nintendo for your Nintendo ID if you're a minor
requires a credit card verification
that's going to cost you 50 cents
so which leads to the question
why don't you just say you're an adult
if you're a minor
save the fee and the hassle
which I'm sure most people will probably do
I wonder if that's a permanent thing
because stuff like that is usually
because Loki Reggie doesn't like liars
oh yeah I'm sure
all those kids too are very
you know they're very truthful
when it comes to those age gated videos as well
I'm sure no one says that they were born in like
the current date
or was it 1900
or something like that
when you go to xtube.com
sure I was January 1st 1900
yeah exactly
hey we gotta call on the line
Orange Lounge Radio who's this
Ron was back again
you again gotta go have a nice day
what's up buddy
not much um
you did bring Reggie to OLR
and ask him a really
dumb question and I mean that in like
a showgirls is dumb but I love it kind of way
so what's up buddy
something interesting
that happened with GameStop
and now with their current set of preorders
it seems that
my brother he went to preorder
his Wii paid off in full
he was going to have issues
picking it up because of work
and the store that's open
and the whole 48 hours thing
he was pretty much
told more or less that if he doesn't
pick it up in 48 hours
they're going to give it to somebody else
now it seems that
due to an issue with the
release of Assassin's Creed
it doesn't matter if
you preorder your game
or console and not paid in full or not
if somebody wants it
they can have it
well wait a minute he paid for it
in full already yes
but they're still threatening to give it away
isn't that give it away but
when he
can pick it up or whatever he'll get the
next one for like they're not
taking away his money right
no but the thing is
that
GameStop has now what's called no
person left behind
so that guarantees
even if you preorder it paid for it in
full if it's the last copy you're
coming to pick it up if someone beat
you by 10 minutes even though that's
your copy that
other person can walk out the store with it and you'll
have to wait till the next shipment and depending
on the game don't
know when it's coming then why are you
preordering
that's my point exactly
well yeah I mean I've never
been a big fan of the preorder system at all
I can't think of the last thing I preordered
and that's how I voice my
opinion I don't participate you didn't
preorder a Wii U I did not preorder a
Wii U I'm not sitting here going
nanny nanny poo poo I found one anyway
but I did find
one anyway
you know like it
could happen now you probably couldn't do it
now now that the day is over I don't think you're gonna find
one but they're
supposedly putting them out
more frequently but okay
I gotta go back to this so why
couldn't your friend get there within
48 hours?
my bro my brother sorry your brother
yeah his work schedule he
the game stopped he was able to pick it up but
today they will open
from 11 to 6 he works
11 to 7 and he's a 45
minute drive away
oh okay alright that makes
sense and especially with all the shenanigans
that have happened out there back east
I mean I'm sure they're still cleaning up some of the roads
oh
don't get me started about that
are they still rationing the gas and all that shit?
um and New York
City I think they still
are wow I'll have to double
check with that wow anyway
sorry didn't mean to change the topic on you
but um I do I
do feel like this isn't the first
I've heard of this policy I do
want to say GameStop has kind of done this before
where it's like well if you don't show up to get your stuff
we are going to give it to a customer
who's willing to you know show up and pay for it
I'm not saying it makes a right
I'm just saying I don't think this is necessarily
news
but when we're talking about
a $350 console that it's happening
with it does sting a hell of a
lot more than some $40
game exactly
stop shopping at GameStop I'm sorry
it had to be said you know well
absolutely correct this is why I shop at
Best Buy they give you at least two weeks to pick up
your stuff or
shit Walmart had that whole layaway
thing where you'd have till Christmas day to come
get it so you know
you got to look at the other options
exactly or targets where
I lucked out today did I talk
about that during the top of the show I used the target
app on iPhone to see because you can
check inventories and I saw that there was
one not my closest target
but the second closest one had had him in stock
now
I was discussing more
and that's because the argument with another person that
works at GameStop I said look
if I paid for my
Wii U in full
and when I get there
it's not there
that's theft
me personally at that point I
would want a full refund of what I paid
and I'm going somewhere else to pick up my console
now this other person is arguing
it's not theft because you're still going to get it
I'm like yes it is since you
pretty much guaranteed me
that last one belongs to me
and not nobody else
I think that's
rough
I can't make
a fairness claim because it's not
fair to anyone
it's nice that they will be willing to give
it up eventually
that they have
a window
I'm talking primarily Wii U right now
you said 48 hours
but it doesn't really cover what you were talking about
with Assassin's Creed 3
what I mean to say was because of
what happened with Assassin's Creed 3
people who pre-ordered didn't
get it because they went to other people
so an email came from corporate from that
no person left behind
doesn't matter about the 40 hour rule
it's no longer in effect
even though there's still some stores that are still doing it
let me go to a comment in our chat room
at live.vognetwork.com
Dungeon Buster says that 48 hours thing
has been with GameStop forever
particularly with products in demand
they'll promise the moon for pre-orders
but the inside policy is to move inventory
yeah that's exactly what it is
I get that from a business perspective
like I totally get that from a business
perspective but here's the question
that a lot of companies don't always
assess properly
at what customer service sacrifice
are you gonna
imply that
business perspective it's about finding balance
and GameStop's opinion
obviously at the price of 50
60 dollars GameStop can lose a few
customers and still make a profit at the same time
though they did just close 20 stores
so maybe they're not in the
best position to be turning people away but I
don't know at the same time
they pissed your brother off potentially
but they would have made someone else very happy
true so
I'm not again I'm not saying it's right I'm just
trying to weigh the different
sides of it and look at the business perspective
alright and you're right cause
I worked retail for like 15 plus years
I mean I see the business side
of it I also see the customer
side of things if it was me personally
if I knew the person and
I would do my best to hold
it for them but if my manager's telling me
give it to the next person I'm giving it to
the next person cause between you and me my
job's a little more important than what that person on the other side
of the counter wants
here's my thing personally this is how I would
do it this is how I would do it is that
and I'm not GameStop but if I
I think the balance would be if that customer
calls within the first 48
hours and says hey
I want to come get my system but I
can't can I have an extension and
tell such and such reasonable time
reasonable being within you know
another 48 hours or whatever then
grant them the stinking extension
but if a person no call no shows
then give their shit away
I think that's a fair compromise
it is it is
but as you can see GameStop's all about
making that I mean
ShameStop's all about making that
green dollar buck
I don't know what I'm just some schmo with a podcast
I don't know what I'm talking about
I know right
alright well we gotta let you go
buddy but any quick final thoughts for us
no but stay fabulous
I will and stay black and thank you for all
your hard work this week
and pass along thank you to
Taiki as well of course
alright bye bye
be sure to prepare yourself for the physical cliff
1877 Game O.L.R.
ain't no one getting a Wii U if that
that thing doesn't get resolved right
alright 1877 Game O.L.R.
or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
all one word
any other last minute stories or should I get some tweets
just kind of some random stuff Tom Hardy's
gonna be in the Splinter Cell movie
she mentioned that during Rapid Fire
oh I wasn't listening I just thought I'd mention again
Tom Hardy's awesome although I haven't yet
to see the last Batman movie
so me too I really mean to
or Avengers
the last I think I said this on the show already
the last Batman movie was great but Tom Hardy's
Bane it really creeped me out how he sounded like
Count Von Count or I think this
was mentioned I'm going to destroy Gotham City
yeah I think this was mentioned last week
he sounded Belgian to me
it was Alan if you've seen that
YouTube video series now they have
Tom Hardy reading the cans of
energy drink
no I haven't seen that you need to find
that it's hilarious Tom Hardy
is hot as hell well it's not Tom Hardy it's
Bane it's Tom Hardy's Bane reading the
one fish
two fish uh uh alright
we got another call coming in let's go to the phones
hi you are on OrangeLoungeRadio who's this
it's Amiga777
I'm sorry say that again you are a little
bit quiet
Amiga777
Amiga777 now I can hear you buddy
what's on your mind
basically
the Wii U
launch yes
I was
at last night I was out you know
just driving around saying
if there was anyone you know who might
have been camping you
know you know out in
anticipation or pre-orders
anything like that and
I couldn't find
really anybody it's like if they
were out there
they're probably just
parked in the cars instead of you know
out in the tents or
whatever you know I think a lot
more stores did pre-orders this
time which was very different from last time
in 2006
I remember because we drove around and
looked at all the lines and we participated
in a line at Target and there was
a line at Walmart there was a line at
Best Buy there was a line at Toys
Us there was a line at Circuit City
well we all know why there wasn't a line
there this year but
some of these other stores I named all with the
exception of Target they all did pre-orders
they didn't do them six years ago
but they do them now Best Buy did pre-orders
Walmart did pre-orders
Target did not do pre-orders
so if you were going to find a line that was probably the
place to be but I think
most people that were really
that rabbit about it probably got their
pre-order but I sure
did see some interesting tweets
and I you know again it's Twitter so take it with a
grain of salt but I saw somebody on Twitter
who said there was a line at Walmart
and the third person in line
bought all the remaining
we use and pissed everybody else
off in line because you know she was going to flip
them on eBay and actually
the clerk I had at Target
today said somebody tried to come in and do
the same thing and they said no because
they had a policy on these items to sell
only one and I said good because
you know those are just going to end up on eBay and he's like
yeah I can't he's like I don't
those they need to do something about those eBay flippers
I'm like hell yeah they do so
anyway sorry I got a little tangenty
but so you didn't find any lines
yeah
yeah I mean I was looking for
campers you know late at night you know just
waiting it's like
like where is everybody they all
went to New York City I thought this was
a big deal
and
I'm getting a text message correcting
me from somebody listening right now
but they did do pre-orders
at Target okay
well shit they didn't do enough then
I didn't realize they did apparently not to sell
out their first run stock yeah that's that's
weird they must have done them real late in the game because
I didn't see anything on the website or nothing but alright
I'll take his word for
it maybe
they didn't all do it too could have been certain
ones but anyway
maybe the time to have seen the line
would have been earlier today I don't know
but yeah it's kind of a bummer
the line thing didn't happen because there was a lot
of community that came with it like
Jamie I know you had a real fun time you know
well I don't know about like real fun but you had a
well enough time in the line
just kind of talking to people right yeah but it
did get kind of boring yeah
and then it got really sleepy at four
in the morning it starts to get old
oh and then there was the woman who showed up like after all of
us everyone who waited got a
wee the one woman who just showed
up at five in the morning no
aww five in the morning
still really early I walked in there at
ten thirty and got a Wii U today
alright Amiga enough about us
how about you you went around and
looked at all these lines is the Wii U
something you were interested in picking up
or no
kind of sorta you know just
really curious you know just
you know it's a new new system
from Nintendo and
I was just hearing a lot about it
currently
you know don't quite have the
funds to get one of my own
at this time but you know
I was
taking with all the
hype behind it you know
and Reggie sees me being on
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
a couple nights ago
I thought
I was gonna be seeing a lot of
avid fans
of Nintendo
I guess instead
I think I
saw it as Nintendo just
probably just planning
a light launch or something
like that then
and I think me and maybe others
might have anticipated
maybe it's something that will really
start to gear up through 2013
oh yeah you do talk about the light launch
and we don't we didn't see a lot of commercials
this year either I mean there was
like the occasional movie screen commercial that
I caught but like there's not really
been the TV commercials or that whole like
what they did last time with the we
would like to play I think
and I heard this theory on Bobby's show
and it seems
perfectly reasonable to me they're just
saving all that money to market them next year
after Christmas makes sense to me
or after Thanksgiving
the bigger holiday rush either or
but just why blow all the money
now when all your pre-orders sold out
who do you have to advertise to let the word
of mouth do its thing
very very true
very true alright Amiga77
I hope you're able to get one if you want one
hopefully maybe a luck will
turn around around the holidays but thanks
so much for calling the show alright
alright alright take care buddy
yep bye bye
thanks to
the call I haven't heard from him in a long time
appreciate hearing from some
callers we don't hear from all the time
Tigerclaw in chat says I haven't seen
any Wii U commercials I only see a lot of
commercials for that Red Dawn remake
which apparently according to the
commercial always got a lot of good reviews
ok here's the thing
there are so many movie critics
that'll say good things about any
fucking movie just to be in the commercial
and gain their own cred believe it
for the record
I'm sorry Red Dawn
was a movie in the 80's it was
that's the only thing I have to say about that
and they're remaking it because you know it's so
topical I kind of want to see the sequel
or the second one or the remake or whatever
I kind of want to see it
because it looks kind of cool
I just want the scene where the girl's dead
and she has the grenade on her and they find her and they
blow up I'm not like you know
I don't think it's going to be better than the original
or anything like that it's just going to be it's just a movie
whatever it's just a dumb popcorn
flick exactly it is a dumb
popcorn flick and
there's been a lot of dumb popcorn flicks that
have come out like you know dread
ended up being really good so
Dread was amazingly
good oh man that's it's funny
to say that's the last movie that I saw
I've missed Avengers I've missed
Prometheus I've missed I haven't seen
Wreck-It Ralph yet I want to see Skyfall I want to see
all of those for some reason I just don't see
movies enough but I was out when I was
out in New Mexico I saw Dread with some friends of mine
oh man knew nothing about it
going in other than Judge Dread and
completely worth it I used to have the pinball table
I don't know if I played
that one alright okay if anybody
else wants to call I can squeeze in one other quick
call 1877 game OLR or
username on Skype orange launch radio
any other last minute stories I still have some Twitter topics
to do but yeah
as we kind of mentioned a little bit
your Nintendo network account
is tied to your Wii U so if it
breaks I guess you've
ever sent it to Nintendo because I'm sure they can
transfer it to a new system but
if you try to go buy a new system
you're fucked so
just saying I'm giving
Nintendo the benefit of the doubt here that they
just haven't implemented that yet I hope
I hope I'm thinking that it's something
that a consumer can't
just go buy a new system that they have
to send it in Nintendo for a repair and
then they can do the transfer because that's how
it was with the Wii how do you get all your Wii
or Wii virtual console
crap transferred over that they would have to
do it and then of course somebody
accidentally found a way to get into the
dev stuff for
or the debug menu for the Wii U
thing and then there
was another one that someone put that somehow
they got into the debug thing
for the Wii U Miiverse but I think that's
photoshopped so
not going to say anything about that
but yeah the debug menu though on the
actual system I can believe that
alright let me do some
Twitter topics real quick Tigerclaw sent
in a few he also sent in the 50 cents
miners thing and the one you
just talked about
so I want to tip the hat to Tigerclaw
because he did send one other that neither
of us have hit on yet
video game industry companies getting
recognition in other areas
the human rights campaign
which champions a lot of LGBT
causes which you know
obviously huge huge month for
them with the elections
Microsoft and EA were recognized
as best places to work
for LGBT equality
and I love that the picture
on this article is
Kaiden and ManShepherd
from Mass Effect 3 which is a great example
from EA's universe
I'm telling you I don't
care how it makes me sound that's
the reason I played Mass Effect I was like
alright I do need to play Mass Effect I got to
see what this is all about
I was not disappointed but there's something
in it for everybody
and I know Microsoft
has always got kudos to this I saw
there was like an official Microsoft gamer
con video that they did and you know
I know they've always been pretty good too with this
stuff so good for them
the 2013 corporate equality
index is the national benchmarking tool
on corporate policies this is according
to the official website and
EA's chief talent officer
Gabriel Toledano
I am very pleased that EA has scored
100% rating and has been recognized by the
human rights campaign in a year where the
company has taken significant steps to remain
inclusive EA has made changes
to our medical benefits been involved
in LGBT events in our community and
taken a public stance against the Defense of Marriage
Act EA champions diversity
with a work environment where everyone feels welcome
and can be themselves
you know I sometimes forget
that like I have Alan on my
medical insurance because you know we've been together
long enough that it's basically whether we're
legally recognized or not it's like a
common law partnership at this thing I can
put him on my benefits no problem because you
know I'm in California and I work for a health insurance
company that recognizes that stuff I sometimes
forget like not everybody's that lucky
he just blows my
mind
I had one more last minute story please
it's kind of cool it's a black ops 2
easter egg in the nuketown
2025 map if you shoot
off all the mannequins heads on that
map in under 60 seconds
it unlocks an atari 2600
on the TV
in the game the nuketown TV the big old
screen TV and you can play Activision
games including hero
Pitfall and
Kaboom
were some of the ones I did see
screenshots for nice
or a video
couple questions and comments on Twitter
from Oscar on Twitter
not sold on the Wii U
wait until some relevant games come out
I think you're in Camp Loki over there
I think Loki will be swayed if the right games
come out but we ain't there yet
Bayonetta 2
no ways off
still but I bet
there's gonna be that Zelda or that
you know big game is gonna be a must
have next year we'll see we'll see
I'm not disappointed
uh Spazinator
PSN tweets us
random question if you three
could only pick one to play
which would you pick I'm
gonna say you four cause he didn't know maybe
that Jason was gonna be here tonight which would you pick
PC gaming
or console and
why so you only get one
or the other ever again
PC gaming or console and why
PC why practically everything
that I want to play on the console is on the PC
I can hook up a controller
to the PC and play it as it was a
console game plus I've got a whole bunch of other
games that were made specifically for PC
so it really expands my repertoire plus
I have emulators
for classic games
so technically I could also play
console games on my PC
with the right emulator
Loki PC because
it's an open platform versus a closed
platform that is on consoles
and also as Jamie mentioned
you can hook up a controller I mean
Xbox 360 controllers pretty much work with a lot of games
out there and well and it's
basically just like playing on a console hell I played
Crysis with an Xbox 360 controller
like it was a console game and
it was fine I played DC
Universe with an Xbox 360 controller
and it worked really well
Jason
Console gaming because if there were
a computer I have
completely admittedly
the library of games I want to play would not be
on the platform
because I'm sure
people who care will understand that
I'm gonna go
with PC as well and I think
for most of the same reasons as Jamie
it's not
that I necessarily prefer
PC over console I mean
they have their perks but
there are some games on PC that just are
never gonna happen on the console like Civ
Civ V not gonna happen
Typing of the Dead World of Warcraft
hello that's like the game I play
more than anything that's
you know PC only and
I was gonna say
the bit about emulators but she took the words out
of my mouth is that most of the classics you can
still get on PC whether
you know Spazinator would consider that
cheating or not I guess
is to be seen but I would say PC
gaming so
alright that's it for Twitter how about
anything else with
last minute stories Loki
no got
nothing oh we got one more call
coming in I was just about to click the button to
close it but we have one more call coming in and sure
we'll take it hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's
this
what
it's Strlock hey Strlock what's on your mind
buddy
um yeah not too much
um
been checking out
Wii U stuff
all day it seems pretty cool
yeah
um
I don't know I'm liking the whole
um
tablet thing and not
needing the TV on
if you don't even want to
feel like doing that
try to tell us a little bit like
you know I know that you are a listener of
ours who is blind and I
know you're very passionate about like that community
with obvious reasons of course
but tell us a little bit about
what maybe we're not all thinking about
when it comes to assessing this
new platform like what
accessibility features
does the Wii U really need to have for it
to be a console that you can sit here
and say I enjoy this
um well first of all
good games
that I care about and really
as it stands right now I don't think there's a whole lot
just like
how like the um
the Vita
kind of was you know it didn't really have
much starting
and it's slowly getting more and more games
that I care about
but um
what I like is I guess
the tablet actually does have a headphone
jack in it
so um
that's kind of cool um
obviously
um my big thing is
being able to use the
freaking buttons
you know for the menus
I honestly haven't explored that to see if that's a possibility
I um I've heard that
yeah you can for at least most things
woohoo so that's good
um I don't know if you caught my comment
earlier in the show but one of the things I really
love about the Wii U is the whole fact
that the sound on the TV
and the sound coming out
of the gamepad will
really compliment each other and I'm
not just talking about like the incidentals like we
were used to hearing with the Wii like
you know the little Wii mote would make sounds
once in a while but like the Wii U
full on like a musical soundtrack
will play out of the gamepad that compliments what's
going on on the TV and it creates
this sound experience that
no other console really has right now
I heard with Zombie U
um your radio
transmissions
like the stuff that you're getting
through you know your radio actually comes out
of the tablet which is
pretty neat yes and uh Batman
Arkham City does something similar if you are
close to the person you'll hear it from the
TV if you're far away you'll hear
it on the tablet oh that
is cool yeah yeah yeah that's very
cool um now what I'm curious about
is I wonder like
if
all of the game audio like
say if you have your
TV doing
something else and
you're just using the controller
I wonder if uh all of your game
audio is going to be uh
streamed as well or if it's just gonna be
the incidentals that's what
I'm curious about I think it depends on the game
yeah I was I would have to say I would have
to if I would have to take an educated guess
can uh Rob was playing Mario
and it was the the
gamepad experience versus the TV was
identical um I would
assume that when headphones are in there I didn't
I didn't really hear anything coming
the music was not identical because they
were complimenting each other but most
of the sound effects see you probably couldn't hear it all
the way back here because you're just hearing
all the sound from the side of the room but when you're sitting
right there you hear it it's really
cool the two things the two things
to consider really really quick with that is that one
it may it may become smarter when
it sees that headphones are plugged in
that's what I was thinking yeah and second
there are options on like when you were doing
the chat there's options to shut off
the TV so maybe when it knows one
medium is gone it brings everything to the
gamepad that's true yeah
also I wanted to bring up word of caution
for those that um
are big fans of
uh Super Smash Brothers
Brawl with um
particularly with the GameCube
controls
um don't get rid of your Wii
cause Wii U doesn't have GameCube ports
oh that's a very good point
there are no ports
and general consensus from
many many people that I've seen
is GameCube
controllers kind of the best way to play Brawl
what about the pro controller
oh I guess maybe it wouldn't work
that wouldn't work with Brawl though
yikes
they need to bring back
bring back the wave bird
no shit the wave bird was
the only thing the wave bird was missing was rumble
that would have been
that would have made it perfect
but that is probably
one of my favorite controllers
still it was a good
good controller but I think it's nice
and sturdy and just
I have my collection of
wave birds
I do actually have four wave birds
one of them is an E3
wave bird nice
that my friend sold me
alright sirlock I gotta let you go so we can wrap up
but any other comments before we let you go
um
that has nothing to do with games
but um
swear to god
saw a I don't know if it's still there
but there was
a single box of
Twinkies on eBay
with a buy it now of ten thousand
dollars I'm not kidding
fucking ridiculous
I know right
they're gold plated
you know all that shit's gonna be bought out
don't
we'll be fine
Twinkies aren't even that good anyway
shit my thing is ding dongs
little Debbie's strawberry shortcakes are the bomb
nutty bars
nutty bars are pretty fucking good too
we have two Weird Al references with hostess products
ding dong man ding dong
ding dong yo
and
the Twinkie wiener sandwich
yes
the only Twinkie that I accept
is a deep fried Twinkie
I only could eat half of one
when we did those at the tourney
I don't know that just sounds like
a part of DDR's history in Sacramento
has died
because we had the only
DDR tournament ever to sell
deep fried Twinkies
why?
why the fuck not bitch
distinguishing factor you have there
dude in Sacramento
we did it fucked up
because our first tournament was
scat Sacramento
cosplay and tournament
yes
and it was
great
there was a NES game
called scat
yes there was
it was a damn good game
well I gotta give this call the
shaft as in Sacramento hosts another fabulous
tournament and say
goodnight so take care of Sturlock
see ya
we had the best acronyms for our I mean like nobody
could top that in the DRC
yeah we were awesome
even though everybody in the bay area hated Sacramento
but nah that was mostly one or two
dickhead loudmouths
alright anyhow
lets not dig up ten year old drama
burn them bridges
alright but we're here and they're somewhere else
alright anyhow lets close up shop for the night
we're done with last minute stories
we're done with twitters we're done with calls
thank you guys for calling in if you didn't get through
emails mailbag at
orangelaungeradio.com
next week we will be here
we will be here on Sunday night with an all new live
show so we hope you'll be able to join us
but I understand a lot of you might be going out of town
for the holidays if you are
be safe have a great
thanksgiving for those of you in the states
that are celebrating Thanksgiving coming up
and we'll see you back here next week
lets go around and get everybody's final thought
Jason thank you as always for being here
you come a great distance to guest on the show
and appreciate it and your sexy
radio voice where can we find you
on the interwebs these days
oh that's a good question
it's actually kind of a hard question besides
social networks I don't really care
twitter.com is the old standard
follow your life in 140 characters
140 characters at a time twitter.com
there you go or just
come to the chat room and say hey
oh I always do
I'm always there because it doesn't run off my computer
alright
thanks again for being here we hope to see you soon
we'll see you next time
who's next how about Jamie
Jamie your final thought tonight
Boycott Black Friday
my final thought
is sounds good to me
because I'm going to sleep in
Cyber Monday
Boycott Black Friday if you're going to get your retail
consumerism on
do it on Cyber Monday buy all your stuff online
hand make a gift make your cards
hire me to design your cards
but do something
that isn't going to give in to the whole corporate
bullshit I'm sick of it let's just
show them that people aren't going to
live by being
oh I forgot Rob sorry
by being consumer horse
my final thought
is Jamie's going to be moving to Berkeley
pretty soon so she can go be with her people
buy from your local realtors
also also
there's no excuse to belt a child
ever
my final thought is reject
false icons
Loki your final thought tonight
try to play more Minecraft
I guess
go play on the VoG server
I know it's ironic I'm saying that but I'm telling the
audience not you I know you're going to play on the VoG server
but just got upgraded right
yeah it's 1.44 now
and it looks like they're getting
ready for 1.45 which is yet another
bug fix but I'm not updating
that yet because it's not out yet so I don't
need to
alright we're done we're out of here thank you guys
so much it was a long show tonight appreciate you
guys sticking with it the whole night we'll be back to do it again
next time thank you Rama thank
you Taiki thank you to all you that participated
tonight if you enjoyed the show
tell a friend or two or five or eleven
about Orange Lawns Radio help us
spread the word kisses kisses
that's right bye
all still true
see you next week
you
