Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the mommy talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a Pauly Shore movie.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
DarkSakura.
I've got a sniff.
Skye.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio Arts.
We are live, and this is episode number 68 for November the 9th of 2003.
You're tuned in to the Vimani Scene's most, um, female challenger tonight, radio station of all things Vimani.
My name is Rob Robertson, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are half of my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers, is all the way in that corner that's in Alabama.
She's out tonight, she's on vacation, so...
So no Jamie tonight, sorry everybody.
But we have some more guests here to help kind of fill that void that Jamie has left.
Is this mic on?
Yes, the mic is on.
Yes, Lanky, stop.
What?
Testing.
There we go, yeah.
I told you it was on!
You question my authority?
Yeah.
You little poopy head.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, that's an old one.
Oh, okay.
We're talking about Walmart again?
Oh no, I'm using an old script.
Do you hate Walmart still, Rob?
Do I hate Walmart?
I'll get into that later.
I have to have something to talk about tonight, Chris.
Also with us tonight we have, as you were already hearing him, because he just can't shut the fuck up.
Just kidding.
Say it a little Likey style.
Up the shut phone.
You know him probably if you listen to Vanilla Sky on Monday nights, right?
Yes.
Because he's always here.
I hope you know me.
Probably just like that annoying guy who always gives us his stupid opinions about how games are cool and some games aren't.
That's right.
Castlevania's cool and you all suck.
Thank you.
Also here tonight, say hello to Bradley, also known as Arcadian42.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Well.
Well.
All right.
Also, we have somebody who I don't think has ever been to the show in the house before.
No.
Has joined us for some of our live remotes, but never in the house.
Say hello to Vanders.
Mahalo.
How are you?
I am well, thank you.
That's good.
I'm glad you can make it.
Thanks.
I'm glad to be here.
This is exciting.
Our home base is exactly what I thought it would be.
Lots of anime, lots of DVDs, and lots of games.
And lots of crap everywhere, isn't it?
and SuperBacon.
That's alright, we love, yes and lots of SuperBacon.
And French bread pizza for me tonight.
Mm-mm.
Yummy.
Brad says he needs to be careful because he might trip and fall and eat that pizza!
And I'll bash his head in if he does.
That, that French bread pizza needs to be in my belly, dammit.
Alright, tonight we're going to play some music from the Poppin' 10, Poppin' Music Part 10 soundtrack for our breaks, because I know you guys have been wanting to hear some of the new stuff.
During this break we're going to hear a brand new Mr. T song doing the Goonies Are Good Enough.
This is awesome.
It is awesome.
You're outvoted, Loki.
Also in this break we're going to hear an artist called Noki Nokio with a song called Pata Pata Mama.
Hatsa Pata Mama is the name of the song we're going to hear second.
And then also in this break, we're going to hear a really cool remix of Murmur Twins.
Yes, Poppin' Music 10 has a guitar remix of Murmur Twins, and we're going to hear that in this break too.
So enjoy, we'll be back.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
9 o'clock, I'm a do-pa-ta-pa-ta, noisy 7 o'clock, hot pot, car-o-car-o, kitchen 8 o'clock, I'm a do-pa-ta-pa-ta, noisy 9 o'clock, I'm a do-pa-ta-pa-ta, noisy
Baby Settaku, Boi Boi Switch on, 11 o'clock, I want to go to the bathroom.
12 o'clock, I want to go to the bathroom.
Ah, it's beautiful.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thank you for watching!
and more.
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Extreme Bobani Radio.
That's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
And that was some music from the new Poppin' Music Part 10.
God, I can't believe that game has gotten that high, all the way to 10.
That's more than I think any other Bomani game has gotten yet.
What is it about Poppin' Music that makes it so damn popular?
Any thoughts?
Yeah, get a microphone, Loki.
Come on, say it again.
Because retards like smashing their heads into large round buttons.
I'm not quite sure why it's so popular.
I guess maybe just the music is more popular over there than, say, 2DX's music seems to be more popular over here, from my little sphere of influence.
I personally, I don't know.
Since there's so much music in pop music, since there's ten versions now, plus the anime level ones, yeah, there's a lot of good tracks, but overall I think the majority of the music isn't my style, whereas 2DX is more my type of thing, more of a dancey, techno, trancey...
You and your, you know, rectangular buttons.
Yeah, I know, not the big round tap light ones.
Instead, I've got little, little tiny, like, keys, you know.
Well, your character, your game doesn't have any characters dancing around.
Well, in some of the videos it does.
I have all of them.
I don't know, it's crazy.
I was just looking at, um, Navi was over at a little gathering we were having last night, and, uh, Navi, um, who's been on the show before, he's kind of known as the local Papa Music whore, and he buys everything relating to Papa Music.
He bought this new Papa Music calendar.
Okay, this new calendar is like the size of a small poster.
It's not the size of your typical calendar, it's bigger.
It's like the size of a small poster, not a huge wall poster, but like a, like a fold-out poster type thing.
It's, it's pretty big.
and the cover of it has every single character from Poppin' Music and it's like looking at a Where's Waldo picture.
Honestly, there's so many people just packed in there.
It's kind of like, I want to find this one.
I want to find the girl that looks like she's flicking her clit in that one song.
And I'm looking and it's like playing Where's Waldo.
There's so damn many characters.
And yes, I swear to God, there is a girl that looks like she's flicking her clit in one song.
Just wanted to share.
No, it looks more like she's smoking out of her pussy.
She keeps going like this.
You know how people smoke?
I'm doing the sign with the two fingers out like a peace sign.
They're smoking.
The best, though, is the character Liddell, who is in, I believe it's Poppin' Music 8.
I think it's 7 or 8, I can't remember, but it's a song called Galaxy Forest.
I think it's 8 too.
No, you know what?
I think it's 7, because I think I've known of Liddell for a while.
Okay, so I think it's one of the consumer tracks from 7 is Galaxy Forest, and there's this chick Liddell who looks like a sheepherder, but like with no face and just two little lighting eyes.
So kind of like a black mage, like if you imagine Vivi, right?
It's like Vivi is a sheepherder, but a girl.
And like she wears a skirt, but if she loses, like rats fly out of her cooch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyway, sorry.
So I thought maybe we could go through these songs we just played and see what you guys think of them.
We haven't really ever done that with new songs, but, you know, we're desperate for material tonight.
So let's see, what do you guys think of Mr. T with Goonies Are Good Enough?
Crap!
Crap, crap, crap, crap.
You think this is crap?
It is crap.
You're crap.
Let me just play some MIDI for you.
We don't even do anything with it.
We just play MIDI.
Okay, that's your opinion.
This song brings me back to my days when I was a little kid and used to play Goose 2 on Nintendo.
Oh, it's awesome.
I've always liked Mr. T, but he's been bringing out some cool stuff ever since, like, I don't know, Burning Heat and stuff like that.
So, good stuff.
It just reminds me of kind of like Akira Yamaoka's feel of his little 8-bit sounding music and stuff.
I have a question for Loki.
Do you consider this crap funny?
Yes.
Wait a minute.
You like this song.
I've seen you play it before.
Yeah, like once.
Ass.
You don't like that song?
To me, Goonies Are Good Enough is just like, it's kind of like the next chapter.
That song right there, that has actual synthesizers and stuff in it, and it actually looks like, you know, they spent more than two minutes on it, okay?
Whereas the Goonies song is just like, oh, let's play it straight off Nintendo.
And no, it wasn't hard for him to do that.
All he did was just throw it into a MIDI player and go.
Okay, here's my next question.
What do you think of this?
See, that's better.
You gotta keep it with those Faggots!
Well, if you're gonna play a faggoty song anyways, at least play it so it sounds like a faggoty song instead of faggoty 8-bit shit.
The opinions and whatever of Loki do not... Yeah, you get it.
No, I don't care.
I'm gay and I think it's funny.
So, um... We all know Loki's type.
Type with the queers.
He loves his queers.
No, I love my goonies, okay?
He's friendly.
I love Goonies, that movie rocks And to totally take that song and just take a huge dump on it It's just awful But doesn't that song, isn't it even remotely retro to you?
Didn't you ever play the Goonies 2 on Nintendo?
No, that doesn't exist.
She turned into a fucking mermaid.
Come on, that does not exist.
I've read online that people think that that song is the Goonies 2 song just lifted from the game.
Okay, I hate to break it to you, but 8-Bit sounded a lot worse than that.
So that has been redone.
Now, to me, not enough in my opinion.
Shut up.
That song is to Goonies 2 like Burning Heat was to Gradius 2.
To me, that's just kind of the next chapter of the Burning Heat.
It's taking another old-school Konami theme and redoing it.
So let's all hope to God the next Mr. T tackles Castlevania 2, because I would poop my pants.
Oh my God.
Here's the thing I've always been pissed off about.
Akumajou Dracula Medley from, what is it, Keyboard Mania 2nd?
Yeah.
is like already perfectly suited for Guitar Freaks and Drone Mania session, and it never showed up.
It's got the, you know, come on man, more Castlevania music in Romani games, please.
No more Gradius, or Goonies.
The music in Gradius was cool.
Roller Games, stupid rollerblading or, you know, roller derby type game that they made.
Or, yeah, Rush Attack or Metal Gear the Original.
They always had pretty good music for, like, the hardware that they were putting it on.
And, yeah, Gradius' music was cool.
Even the 2DX songs are very good and stuff.
But I want Castlevania music.
And if you haven't played it yet, go play the new Castlevania.
Good stuff.
Get the soundtrack.
It's awesome.
Do they actually have a CD soundtrack for that?
uh, Japan will, we won't um, the game came out here in America first and they're gonna release it over there like a month later with a CD soundtrack and like tons of freaking collectibles and stuff cause we don't get that cool stuff over here damn you, Konami of America yeah, here we stupid Americans we not good enough for collector edition oh well any other thoughts on Goonies are Good Enough?
Okay.
Uh, it was crap.
Hey, I think those Goonies were good enough.
That's better than the movie.
That song should have been in the movie.
Like, I don't know, like, just like that.
Weird synthesizer sounding and stuff.
Here, talk.
Alright, let's go to the next song.
I had to play this just because of the name alone.
This is a song called Pata Pata Mama.
This is the next song we played on that break.
What do you think of this one?
What do you think of this one?
Now we know why those schoolgirls jumped in front of the train.
That bad, huh?
I think it's cute, in a poppin' music way, and only a way that poppin' music can be.
That song is cute.
Poppin' music belongs in the Twilight Zone, because seriously, it has like the worst music ever, and then, yet, they keep releasing more sequels for it.
Alright, whatever you say.
Okay, and then next was a remix of Murmur Twins, the guitar version of Murmur Twins.
I don't know
Come on.
Hey, that's acceptable.
Oh, wow.
I was expecting something, you know, angsty from him.
I like Murmur Twins.
Good, good.
But I don't like, you know, Shitty Middy and whatever the fuck that other one was.
Yeah, I don't even know what the other one was.
Screw that.
But yeah, this is good.
DJW is awesome.
Murmur Twins, Spica, Linus, all the cool stuff he's done.
Murmur Twins has probably always been my favorite of his, so this is pretty cool that they actually remixed it and such.
Just don't do like a trance remix of it ever, please.
I imagine that'll probably be in the next 2DX, because remember how Night Style was just like remix hell?
Like everything was just remixed and the shit out of it in Night Style?
Well, I don't know.
I think DJW's little forte is using kind of like keyboards and piano a lot, almost like an Osamu Kubota-ish, but not as classical sounding.
And so I don't think they would do like a trancy version, really.
I don't know.
Then again, Moonchild is kind of different from his other stuff, so whatever.
All right.
So any other thoughts on Murmur Twins?
Anyone?
All right.
Hello to Slinky, by the way, who showed up while we were talking about all the poppin' music stuff.
How are you, sir?
Hi.
Hi.
Excellent.
That's good.
So you drove yourself here tonight, huh?
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
Did Mommy and Daddy buy you a car?
Yes.
Spoiled brat!
Thank you.
You know what?
Actually, my mom and dad were going to give me an old car of theirs, too, when I got my license.
Only, we had a big flood, and it drowned.
It drowned?
It drowned.
The car drowned.
Oh.
Yeah, so, I'm just bitter.
Don't listen to me.
Maybe you shouldn't have living cars anymore, then.
No, my car, it died.
And when you turn the key in, it won't start anymore, because, you know, there's mud everywhere.
It's dead.
Dead.
You shouldn't drive the car into the river again then, maybe.
No, I did not drive the car into the river.
My dad parked it
He parked it near a creek, which is typical because there's a parking lot next to this creek.
And what do you do in parking lots?
You park your car.
So that's what he did.
No, he did not park his car in the creek.
He parked his car next to the creek, and then it rained like, what, 8 inches in 24 hours or something fucking crazy?
No, this was in 1995 when California had those huge floods and President Clinton came out here and everything, and the car just floated away.
Too bad the floods didn't sweep him away when he was out here.
I cried.
But my car now is cool.
Actually, the car I was supposed to have was a Ford Explorer.
It was a 92 Ford Explorer.
And my friends and I always called it the Jurassic Park car because it was the same car they used in Jurassic Park.
And, you know, we always used to get in the car and go... I know.
We were dorks.
What can I say?
No, actually, it never got old.
Kill yourself now.
Awful.
I hope a dinosaur eats you while you're on the crapper.
Oh, Jurassic Park 4 was awesome.
There was no Jurassic Park 4.
There was no Jurassic Park 4.
That's what's so great about it.
I know, I know.
But I do, I miss my car.
You know whenever I think about my car I get all nostalgic?
Why do you have this?
Are you a Closet Jurassic Park fan?
Do you like dinosaurs?
Pink dinosaurs?
No, I just happen to like John Williams.
I happen to like John Williams, is that so wrong?
I reorganized my MP3 collection not too long ago.
That's right, John Williams is one of the greatest composers ever.
They are really making a Jurassic Park 4, though, you do know.
You do know this, because Jurassic Park 3 did really, really well.
So, of course, there'll be a Jurassic Park 4.
It did well?
I didn't know anybody who saw it.
Really.
I would only see it because William H. Macy's in it, that's all.
What the hell?
Look, Thanos is showing... What is that?
Are they raccoons?
Hold on, get this on the mic.
Is this Satan worshipping?
I don't... This is weird.
It sounds like Silent Hill music.
Excuse me.
I'm dying.
Too much nostalgia is bad for me.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Why don't you post the link to that badger thing in the chat room so if they... Oh, did they get... Oh, okay.
Oh, somebody else put it in there.
I see.
I see.
Okay.
Oh, I see what happened.
It's all Wampa's fault.
I get it.
Alright.
Do the badgers ever do anything other than just stand there and dance?
No, they just badger.
Oh, they just badger.
That's cute.
That's cute.
Random Snake, that's good Okay, now this is a part of the show where we usually like to kick off the show with this But, you know, we're a little late tonight, oh well I thought we'd play a little bit of How was your week, how was your day?
This is the part of the show where we go around and ask everybody How was your week, how was your day?
Loki How was your week, how was your day?
I think that mic is off, Loki
I think you're disconnected then, because I'm not hearing it.
Damn it!
Damn you!
Damn you!
Alright, how was your week, how was your day, Loki?
I have bacon grease in my hands.
Anyways, um...
Let's see.
The only thing worth mentioning this week is I went and saw Matrix Revolutions.
It was okay.
It was good.
And I went and saw Elf yesterday.
That was good.
And... It looks like a movie that's going to be really manipulative, though.
It's going to have one of those crybaby endings and like family... Feel good, family fun.
Okay.
I don't know what it is with people making Christmas movies and thinking that at the end of every Christmas movie has to be, for some reason, you have to get the Christmas spirit and then everything is message.
It's like, the whole movie was good until they threw out like the, Oh, everyone must believe in Santa or else Christmas will not be saved!
You know, it's just so awful that they do stuff like that.
But the rest of the movie is awesome.
Yeah, why don't they make movies about real life?
Some people don't get to have Christmas because they're so poor and they don't get to eat but once a week and stuff.
That's a nice, uplifting Christmas story.
Okay, what about the Jews?
I don't know.
We'll go see the movie.
They had a part in the movie though where he's talking to Santa.
He's like, there's been rumors going around that parents are telling their children or that people are believing that their parents are putting the presents under the tree and they're all
How is that possible?
How would they even be able to do that in one night?
He's like, I know.
Then what about the cookies?
Do they think that they eat the cookies too?
I guess so.
They just said it so sarcastically it was funny.
Because there's no Santa Claus!
Thank you, Loki, ruining Christmas everywhere.
I'm not going to go and let my kids believe that there's this fake Santa Claus or Easter Bunny.
I'm going to make it a little more realistic for them.
Mom and Dad have to take out another loan on the house because you want your fucking presents, you little brats.
You know what?
This is a fun little side topic.
I want to pose this question to everybody in here.
How old were you when you found out there was no Santa Claus, and how did you react?
Loki, how old were you when you found out there was no Santa Claus, and how did you react?
Oh, damn, I don't even remember.
I just don't think I cared.
I was getting presents anyways.
I don't know.
All right, Brad.
I think it was like four or five, you know, as far as I can remember.
And I reacted pretty well.
I was like, oh, cool, a new 4-0 hidden in my mom's closet.
So I took it pretty well.
Vambos?
What are you guys talking about, there's no Santa Claus?
And that was like a big joke, isn't it?
Yeah, that's what we do on the radio.
We kid.
I kid.
I kid.
Anyways, I actually found out because my parents told me they got tired of trying to play it off like there was.
And so they said, hey, you know what?
We just put the presents under the tree for you.
So I'm kind of jaded about that kind of stuff.
So that's why my kids don't think there's a Santa Claus either because that's all kind of... He's a silly little red elf.
I was about to say, since you actually have kids who are of the age where they're not babies, they're toddlers now and they're thinking about Santa Claus and all that, did you try the Santa Claus thing with them or did you just say, screw it, you know what kids, I'm going to tell you a secret.
The other kids are going to try to feed you this Santa crap.
That's pretty essentially it.
We told them, you know, he's a funny little elf.
All he does is beg for money to give to the Red Cross, that greedy bastard.
Uh, Will.
I know you're the youngest one here, but the news has been broken, yes?
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Of course.
How old were you and how did you react?
I don't know.
I was probably like nine or ten.
I can't really remember.
Oh, presents.
You didn't care because you were still getting presents?
Yeah.
It wasn't a huge shock.
I mean, by that age, it's not very believable anymore anyways.
I see.
The logistics of it just is what clued me in on it.
I'm like, how can a fat fuck fit down the goddamn, you know, chimney anyways?
So he uses his magic powers.
Oh, yeah, magic powers.
Isn't that convenient?
All right, Bradley, want to share?
I don't really remember.
It was like round five or six, maybe, and my sister told me.
Okay.
I don't think I was really shocked.
You know, that sounds very like you, Bradley, where you just would have been, okay.
I'm kind of surprised by that.
You didn't, like, become emotional?
I was five years old when I found out because my mom just started putting the presents under the tree that said, From Santa, under the tree on the 23rd, because she was just getting lazy and she didn't want to play the game anymore.
And I was kind of like, why does Santa and you have the same handwriting?
and she'd just ignore me.
How come the presents are under the tree on the 23rd?
How come the cookies are still gone and we have to leave them out on the 24th?
How come the reindeer hooves look just like the rabbit hooves?
Because I was totally that kind of kid where like whenever anybody would try to tell me something I'd be all, why?
Why?
Why?
I was that annoying little shit.
Do you want to know what I did?
Why?
I was real into, like, spying and all that cool shit, you know?
So what I had... I am not surprised.
I am not surprised.
So what I had is I had, um, ultraviolet pens, and I marked all the packages that were hidden in the closet to prove or not if they were from Santa or whatever, because they would... They didn't want to mark who they were for or who they were from, so they can get the from Santa ones, and you take my little ultraviolet light, and you go, Ha!
Ha!
You tried to trick me?
I saw right through it.
Loki Everett, Conspiracy Theorist.
Oh my God.
My parents used to leave the tags on the presents because they wanted to be able to return them.
And so when I saw that Santa Claus shopped at the commissary on base, wow, he really saved some money doing that.
I thought he made them.
That's a nice revelation there.
Santa's military.
I didn't know that.
Wow, what a nice sweater from Santa.
I didn't know Santa's workshop was called Mervins.
And why isn't Santa, you know, contributing to the U.S.
economy?
I mean, if he's, like, using all this elf labor and stuff, do they have unions?
I mean, because he's making a lot of, you know, knockoff goods and stuff and selling them, calling them, you know, name brand.
Yeah, I know.
It's not very nice.
Walmart kind of reminds me of the North Pole.
Really?
The North Pole has hicks?
You can't find a fucking place to park at the North Pole on a Saturday.
Alright, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Loki.
You want to finish talking to us about how your week and how your day was?
You saw Matrix, you saw... I saw the Matrix and I saw Elf.
Elf was cool.
I watched half of the Matrix the other day.
I was kind of looking over your shoulder.
Thanks to piracy.
Thanks to Piracy, because you know, all those methods that they put watermarking the goddamn film and checking people's bags and stuff, you can see it's totally put a stop to piracy.
You know what, it's one of those things where I wanted to try it before I buy it, and I tried it, and I've decided, you know what, I think I'll just watch the other half at home.
You know, here's what it is.
It's like, you know, I'm sorry, I don't want to go to the theater and pay $18 every time I go see a movie.
I'm going to watch it once in the theater.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
You pay for your date?
Yeah.
Wow.
You guys are going to hell.
You're stealing from...
I saw Kill Bill three times in the theater to make up for it, so...
Fuck the DeWitchowski Brothers!
Or Warner Brothers Entertainment for a while.
Fuck the Warner Brothers!
They've made almost one billion dollars on the franchise.
They can go to hell.
I don't really care.
And they spent about one billion dollars making all the second and third movies.
Think of all the starving children that could have fed.
Yeah, like Keanu Reeves.
Yeah, think of all the acting classes he could have gone to.
Oh, that's funny.
Here.
Well, if anything, I want to see the Wachowski brothers take on Bill and Ted 3, okay?
That's what they need to make.
That's all that he's good at, just bring it back, bring it back to old school.
Yeah, seriously, just have it like Bill and Ted do something, you know, 3.
But anyways, um...
So what else did I do?
Oh, I made two more remixes, the only other was tonight.
And I did a live show last night, you know, an impromptu Livewire show at like 1 in the morning.
And that was cool, because I was bored.
And I tricked the chat room into thinking I was a person called Death by Syrup from Canada.
And they should have known right there that that was your super bacon.
Right there.
Because that was the bacon you made tonight.
Right?
No.
Well, I got the syrup idea from seeing Elf because he, like, would drink syrup.
So...
No, that's good.
Serb shots, man.
I want to do some of those.
Oh, my God.
We did the Serb shots.
We went to LA.
Yeah, we went to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.
It was right after CyberZone, the big tournament there.
A bunch of us went over to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffle, and it was like, what, me, Brad, Irene, Mel B. It was everybody.
Who else was at our table?
Tons of Bay Area people.
But it was mostly our table that did the Serb shots.
You, me, Irene, Fury, I think was there.
Fury, yeah.
Wendell, Mel B. Wendell and Mel B.
Damn, and it was just this, they give you these little, like, shot glasses full of syrup, and it's like warm syrup to put on your waffles and chicken.
Nice, warm, gooey, gooey butter.
But the thing is, since it's warm, if you've ever cooked, like, soup or something that's, like, thick, when you're heating it up, it starts to create a film on top that gets kind of hard.
That's what happened to this syrup.
So you had the nice little, it's almost like a tequila shot with the worm in it.
It's a hard thing of syrup.
And if you've ever had, like, a...
Cough syrup that coats your mouth or your throat as it goes down.
Think of that times like a hundred.
And that's how the syrup, you can taste it for like the next day.
It's still there.
I still taste it now.
But it's good because it gives me memories.
It gives me memories about it.
Shut up!
Yeah, I jizzed in yours before you drank it.
Give the mic back to Loki.
Give the mic back to Loki so he can finish telling us about his weakness day.
And then today I played more Zelda, but I really don't see a point because I forgot where I was in the game.
So I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
I'm just kind of like going island to island going, well, maybe I'm supposed to go here.
I don't know.
Now, I also have Mario Kart Double Dash on my PC, but in order to play it on the GameCube here, Rob needs to find his copy of Phantasy Star Online.
Because you can use Phantasy Star Online to play any pirated game on the GameCube.
So, yeah.
That's it.
I'm done.
Alright, I guess I'll ask Brad, since he kept butting in on that last one.
How was your week and how was your day?
You already know.
But our listeners don't.
Like they care.
Oh, come on.
Uh, I went out in last week, I believe it was, went out and used my wonderful Circuit City credit card and bought a PS2, an American one, because I haven't had one for the longest time.
I only had a Japanese one.
So I got that in Castlevania because I was fiending.
I had to finish Castlevania because I've been bumming it off of you guys here.
That's alright, I had to buy it.
Matt's saying he'd loan it to me, but that's fine.
So I bought it and finished it up.
I beat it pretty much every different way you can except for crazy mode because it's crazy and whatnot.
I beat it with the two hidden characters.
Like four hours is all it took me to beat it with the second hidden character and three hours is all it took me for the first hidden character.
You can go through it so freaking fast.
Anyhow, so got that.
I've got a job interview tomorrow so I will have a life for once.
Finally.
Yay for me.
Congratulations.
Yeah, I'm going to work for the man, so... And that's pretty much it.
We had a friend over from... Old school friend over for, you know, the weekend and watched movies and... And you got Best Strangers with Candy DVD, so we watched that.
Oh my god.
Please, this is my highest recommendation I could ever give a DVD.
Go out and buy The Strangers with Candy Season 1 and Season 2 box sets.
I almost peed my pants at that episode we watched last night.
Oh my god, that was one of the most disturbing things I've done so far.
It was the most morbid thing I think I've ever seen on a broadcast television show.
Well, it's cable, whatever, basic cable.
But still, it's... It was great.
It was great.
I don't even want to describe it because I don't want to ruin it, but...
One of the funniest shows I've ever seen.
Seriously.
Loki, we'll watch it after tonight's show.
We'll watch that episode because it's just great.
I had to go to the bathroom from laughing so hard after the ending of that one.
Yeah, it was like 2 or 3 in the morning and you're like waking up our neighbors.
I have an infectious laugh, what can I say?
Eddie was pretty loud too when he laughed, so...
I love Eddie's laugh.
I'm sure we'll talk about this.
I wish Eddie was here tonight so I could make him laugh so you guys could hear.
I'm sure we'll talk about this later, but we also sang karaoke.
Yeah, we'll get to that.
We'll get to that.
We'll get to that.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll.
That's a good topic right there.
Next segment.
We'll get to that.
Yes.
I'm awful.
So am I, but anyway.
Okay.
Anything else you want to say about your week?
And I started playing Final Fantasy X because I am way freaking behind all you people who have played it already.
Good for you.
I quit.
Final Fantasy XI's taken over.
I can't go back to Final Fantasy X now.
Yeah.
Hey, if I had Final Fantasy XI, I'd be playing that too, so.
But I don't, because I've got no money, so I'll just play Final Fantasy X until I beat it.
Good stuff.
And then I gotta play Kingdom Hearts, so.
Because I'm way behind on that too, so.
Yep.
Remind me, I gotta give that to you before you go.
Yes, give it to me.
Give it to me now!
Give it to me in the butt.
Ew.
Anyway.
Okay.
Stick your keyblade in my butt.
Anyway, is that it?
What else happened?
Did we do anything else?
Not that I remember.
We didn't do Vanilla Sky this week.
We took a week off of Vanilla Sky.
And by the way, on a rerun of Vanilla Sky, had our highest listener count ever on the show.
And it wasn't even on the right night.
That's why I know Jamie's show whoops mine in the ratings.
Because we moved to Tuesday for a night and boom!
Through the roof, there's a little ego stroking for Jamie.
Yeah, Jamie, if you're out there listening.
Wait, is somebody asking me if I'm going to play X2?
Or is somebody asking somebody else?
Well, let's pretend they're asking you.
You want to play Final Fantasy X2?
I was not interested at all when I saw this.
I was like, what the hell?
Let's just make the three main characters girls that dress weirdly and stuff.
But after reading about it and how they're going to have a job system and stuff like that, it sounds interesting.
I still, since I haven't gone through Final Fantasy X yet, I don't understand what the connection is, but I noticed a lot of the characters are missing from Final Fantasy X. Yeah, and they can piss my fat ass for not having Lulu, a playable character.
Well, Lulu's going to be in it, but she's not a playable character.
What I'm pissed off is, where's Oren?
And don't say, I know people are going to probably sit there in the chat room and spoil it for me, because you guys all suck.
Yeah, remember, Brad and I have not beat Final Fantasy X yet.
I've picked up on some things that might be happening, but let's not spoil, okay?
Because I don't know.
So I will play it if you were asking me.
If you weren't asking me, I don't fucking care.
Fuck you.
I'll tell you my opinion anyway.
Sorry.
That's alright.
I'm really not curious.
I'm just angsty in real life.
No, you are.
I have to get excited.
Fuck you!
See?
Please.
Alright, um, Will!
Will!
How you doing?
Slinky.
Slinky wizard.
Are you still slinky wizard or just slinky now?
Whatever.
I don't know.
Such an apathetic little teen you are.
God.
I don't care anymore.
It doesn't matter.
Well, how was your week?
How was your day?
Well, high school.
So, yeah, high school is high school, and high school sucks.
And, you know, on Tuesday, I got my license, barely.
Missed 11.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, what score is that? 89?
I think the most you can miss is like 13 or 15.
Oh.
Yeah.
Wait, on the written test?
The driving test.
Really?
God, you used to be able to get a 70 and still pass, because I got an 80.
Yeah, they're evil.
I got a B- in driving.
Okay, I got like a 70, I got like the lowest you can get.
Here's what happened.
I got, uh, let's see how we did this, I got knocked off probably four points, so I probably would have had like a 90-something, and I finished the entire test, and I parked, and I parked like shit, I parked all crooked and stuff, and I didn't take any points off that, and we're right about to go inside and get my license, because I got like a 90-something percent, and he's like, actually, you didn't move your head enough, and then knocks off like 20 points, I was like,
Was he just mad because you weren't moving your head up and down his crotch?
I was moving my head like this, and this is only for the people in the studio because you guys, you know, over there can't hear it.
You can kind of see on the cam.
But I was moving my head like this because you have to look, you know, you have to look down a street when you drive through intersections and you look down both sides.
I was moving my head like this.
He wanted me to move my head like this.
Did you take it at Florin or something?
What's that?
Did you take it at Florin Mall?
No, I did this in Auburn, my hometown.
My little hick town, Auburn, where all the races are.
I don't know.
Anyway, so, yeah, but I barely passed.
And I've never been in an accident, except for somebody who ran in the back of me.
We all know.
I took mine.
I got a 70 the day after I got in a car accident.
The only car accident I've ever been in.
All right, enough tangents.
Let Will finish his story.
So anyways, hi, Angel.
See, she says, never mind.
I just would like to reiterate, those of you in the chat room, we can see you on the TV.
Everybody here can see you on the TV, loud and clear.
And Vandalist even has his laptop, and he's in the chat room, you know, talking smack about us when we're not looking at the TV.
I'm just kidding.
All right, so then, you know, just finish out school or whatever and...
Pretty much just been driving around all weekend and trying to cause trouble and stuff like that.
Fun stuff.
Alright.
That's about it.
Alright, cool deal.
Have you played A&DDR at all lately?
I know I haven't.
No, actually no.
We went on Thursday and I did play two games.
I'm working on my doubles.
For some reason I'm in this mood where I have to play doubles.
But enough about me, what about you?
Yeah, I went Saturday morning.
I know.
Just for the hell of it, and... Yeah, I haven't been in a while, so... I was sore.
Fun stuff.
Do you find that when you haven't played in a while, like when you start playing those katas back to back, you're like... Yeah.
Because that's me.
Smoker.
Smokers.
Well... Yeah.
Did you take up smoking?
No.
Oh, okay.
I just...
I see Terry sitting on the computer, so I'll go to Bradley.
If we can get a mic over to Bradley.
Can we get a mic over to Bradley?
Bradley, how was your week and how was your day?
Mostly blah, of course, as usual.
Monday, it was not much.
Tuesday, I called a temp agency and set up an appointment.
Wednesday, did more crap.
More crap.
Thursday I went to this temp agency, basically an accounting type temp agency, maybe find a data entry job or something of that sort.
And I did well enough on their Excel test.
They basically gave me the advanced accounting test instead of the basic one they were supposed to give me.
But I did well enough on that, even though I had studied accounting terms the day before.
It also gave me an Excel test, so he said, hey, you did well enough on this, why don't you go take the certification?
So I took that and passed that.
And so I'm certified now for the general, like the specialist.
And then Friday, didn't do much of anything.
Set up eBay auctions and such.
Then Saturday, I went and saw The Matrix in Davis.
and watch The Matrix.
And I was sort of just sitting there watching it.
I don't know if I was really paying attention to it.
I was just like, ooh, pretty things.
Like ships flying around.
The action scenes were good, but the dialogue scenes were kind of stupid.
So I sort of liked it and sort of didn't like it.
And then today, more crap.
And that's basically everything.
All right.
Then let's go over to Terry and see how your week was.
Let me start by answering this.
Hello, I am... My week has been very busy.
Hey, look, there's boobies on the webcam.
Boobies on cam!
And how that's possible when there's no women here tonight, I have no idea, but go ahead.
Brad, stop showing the boobies.
Okay, I've been very busy at work.
We're hiring for a new position in my team, and so I'm going to bore you guys on my work.
Bull crap, because that's what I'm dealing with, is hiring new people and being in a new organization and fun stuff like that.
But anyways, I watched...
Matrix Reloaded or Matrix Revolutions if you don't see my LJ which is vandalist.livejournal.com nice plug and that is we watched IMAX or Revolutions on IMAX ah how was that it was freaking unbelievable I bet I bet even a shit movie would be great on IMAX the Defense of Zion if you've seen this movie and you watch it on a regular show on a regular screen you go watch it on IMAX it just blows you away the Defense of Zion is unbelievable on that screen I bet
But anyways, the other kind of cool thing about going down there was we had one of my friend's roommates go with us, and he's a guy that'll do anything if you start giving him a little alcohol.
Oh, goody.
And so this guy is about 240 pounds, about 5'7".
He's got about the geekiest glasses you can find.
And they got him to take two triple shots of tequila.
and so his ears were pretty red.
Of course, he's over 21 and all that, you know, this is completely legal.
Of course, yes, completely legal.
And he proceeded to, they convinced him to take off his shirt.
This is, okay, this is Gordon Biersch.
Oh my.
You know where Gordon Biersch is on San Francisco?
It's right on the corner from Barcadero and Harrison, which is right by his peers.
And he took a box out of a trash can, he took off his shirt and proceeded to belly flop it for us.
There was a nice light rail going by.
It was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon in San Francisco on a Wednesday.
And so we needed webcams because we really wanted to capture this and put this on eBay.
He would have been the next Star Wars kid.
But we were unable to do that.
I'm sure someone will post a link to Star Wars Kid if someone starts asking questions.
Other than that...
My week has been just busy with work stuff and everything.
And family stuff and home stuff and boring stuff.
But I managed to make it here because I actually had... I'm a day shifter next week.
I work nights.
I work 11 p.m.
to 8 a.m.
if you can imagine that at the Vampire Shift.
Right.
My old roommate used to work at Vampire Shift, but it was at Walmart.
It wasn't a job nearly as cool as yours.
It was enjoyable, though.
I like working nights and everything.
It's nice.
But I've got to be on day shift all this week because I've got to hire somebody and do all that fun stuff.
I got you.
Anyways, that's about it.
Boring.
No, it's good to have you here.
I'm glad that they switched you to day shift so we could get a chance to have you here.
Even though you may not like day shift, I'm glad for our own selfish reasons we finally got you on the show.
Well, thank you.
I'm glad to be here.
It's fun.
All right.
Cool.
As far as my week and my day, nothing too exciting.
Thursday went out to Golf Land, and I've been working on my doubles game.
I noticed there was one high score list for one of the doubles that had no scores on it, so I thought I'd play just to get my name on it, so that was kind of funny.
My ego talking there.
And what else did I do this week?
Not really a whole heck of a lot.
Just been playing a lot of Final Fantasy XI.
Shane, if you're out there, hello.
He's my buddy out in Kansas.
We've been playing Final Fantasy XI non-stop through the thing.
And the nice thing is we've been using this program, TeamSpeak.
Vandalus, you're a big multiplayer game player.
You probably know about this one, right?
TeamSpeak, the one that allows you... It basically turns your computer into Xbox Live, where you can use the microphone to talk to people and stuff like that.
So it's cool.
I know I haven't really gone into too much detail about Final Fantasy XI yet, that's because I still, even after two weeks of playing the game, I still feel like I have not scratched the surface.
There's just so much more to discover in the game, and it's just so...
Just vast.
There's so much to it.
It's unlike any other Final Fantasy game.
I still say it's kind of odd that they chose to go with Final Fantasy XI as opposed to Final Fantasy Online.
But other than that, I mean, the game's terrific.
It's just not what a lot of you are going to expect.
That's all.
So that was pretty much my week and my day.
I didn't get to go see any cool movies or anything.
Last night hung out with the out-of-town buddy who was here.
Played a lot of Karaoke Revolution and iToy, the new webcam tool for the PS2, is out.
And we've been playing iToy a lot.
And those of you that sit in our chat room during the week saw a random webcam was up on, I think, Thursday night.
We were playing iToy and all that stuff.
So now they have a webcam for PS2?
They have a webcam for PS2 with games and everything.
That is really sweet.
Maybe towards the end of the show we'll hook it up or something.
OMG hi hi to you.
All of a sudden, it's taking a whole new level.
It's going to 8-year-olds on PS2s now.
Seriously, they have this thing where you can do the video messaging on it, but it doesn't make sense because you save it on your memory card.
Now, I'm hearing that you can use your broadband to do it, but I didn't see an option for it.
What would end up happening is you save it as a file, and then you upload it as an attachment to your email through broadband.
Get what I'm saying?
Wow.
So then you would download it to your memory card using whatever software they have for the PS2.
I don't really know.
And then that way you can say, hey, fuck you, and then that would be an attachment.
Can you imagine the social hacking you can do with that by convincing these kids, hey, turn on your camera and click on this really cool link?
And all of a sudden you can get all kinds of really fun voyeur stuff going on in the house.
Let's go out to the street and find a couple of whores and make the first eye toy porn.
No, or like, you remember how they have the little rainbow feature and stuff?
The guy does the cum shot and it's all rainbow-y behind it.
How about iToy Fight Club?
Now, see, somebody's telling me that the longest you can do a video on iToy is one minute.
You know what?
One minute's long enough for some guys.
That's a money shot.
We not only invent...
A new form of, you know, internet porn.
We can invent a whole new porn genre.
The one minute porn.
Film it in segments, just like, you know, like 24, you know, where it's like five second segments or whatever.
We really need Brad.
And he's not here.
To be able to provide some commentary to this.
That's alright.
Um, he'll, we can, we can ask him later.
If we remember.
Angel's got a good comparison though.
She says, EyeToy reminds her of when, remember the old game show Nick Arcade?
They would go inside the game and they'd have to do some kind of stupid thing inside the game.
She says the eye toy totally reminds her of that.
And I think she's right on the money.
I think that's a damn good comparison.
The eye toy is like the last level of Nick Arcade.
Wouldn't you say so, Loki?
Well, if by making that comparison, if you're saying it looks like bumbling idiots playing the game, yes.
That would be a perfect comparison.
All right.
Okay, so I think what we're going to do now is we're going to go ahead and take a break.
We're going to do some more Poppin' Music Part 10 music.
And when we come back, we're going to talk about karaoke revolutions all the rage this week.
We're going to give our thoughts on that.
And Cage Match, too, when we come back.
Alright, in this break, from the Poppin' 10 music soundtrack, you're going to hear the new Revenge song.
Yes, Naoki's little pseudonym, Revenge, has a new song on the Poppin' Music 10 soundtrack.
It's called Erebatia, and it's an Arab song.
Erebatia, or something like that.
And then we're going to hear...
We're going to hear something called Como Tomac by a group called Artemis, and it's in the genre of lonely.
And then we're going to hear something in the genre of symphonic metal, and the song is called Holy Forest, and the artist is... Holy Forest!
Holy Forest, Batman!
And the artist is Sarastro.
So we're going to start it off with Revenge here on Poppin' Music 10 Break.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be back.
Thanks for watching!
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
The legend, keep your face, to stand with the evil back into the night, that will change you all.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Hello and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Some more music in that break from the Poppin' Music 10 soundtrack.
What did you guys think of some of those songs here?
Let's start off with the Revenge track.
It was Arabatia.
What did you guys think of that one?
It was interesting.
It sounds just like a exotic ethnic song.
Fucking Max Unlimited samples.
Seriously, they need to get away from Max Unlimited.
Yeah, I agree.
Stop remaking the song.
Let the Max die.
Step away from the Max.
Yeah, good stuff.
It's exotic ethnic, which is already good, so, good stuff.
Whatever, if they want to use samples from other songs, it's fine with me.
I mean, all these popular European and American DJs constantly use samples.
Yeah, but they use good samples.
That's such a bad sample.
That sample right there makes me really pissed off at the song.
It does!
Just like the ending of Matrix Revolutions, how they fucked up that song and made fun of the Hindus and stuff.
It makes me hate the movie.
God.
God, some people.
I haven't even seen the movie.
What bothered me, what kind of irks me about Arbatia, it's a decent song, it's kind of fun, it's one of the better songs in the soundtrack, but I still picture Revenge as always doing these DDR songs and stuff, and there's no kind of backbeat to it, so I can't imagine myself dancing to it.
And for some reason, that makes me not like it as much.
Listen to the bag.
and DarkSakura.
That's fine.
I mean, Revenge has always been Naoki's, you know, trying to attempt to do, like, ethnic-sounding music, and that's fine if it doesn't have a beat.
That's why it's in poppin' music and not DDR.
Whatever.
Alright.
Okay, the next song was from a group called Komo Tomak, and that's the genre of Lonely, and it's Artemis.
And there's actually a long version of this on the Poppin' Music 10 soundtrack.
Any thoughts on that?
Uh, where's Luna?
and Sailor Moon and Sailor Mercury.
Okay.
Yeah, it does kind of sound like that anime theme.
No, no, Artemis.
You need to watch Sailor Moon.
I don't watch.
Artemis is... Yes, you do have to watch Sailor Moon.
I got the live-action Sailor Moon episodes that are just newly showing in Japan, and it's some of the greatest, like, stupid, silly stuff.
That I will watch.
Send it on over.
We showed the first episode to Eddie, and he was crying.
It was so funny.
I want to see it.
It's just, it's so cheesy.
It's, as he says, ill-conceived.
It can't be better than Strangers with Candy, though.
Oh, well, no, it's not trying to be funny.
It's funny because it's stupid.
I thought you were telling me that the people that translated it or did the fan sub or whatever, that they tried to make it funny.
They skimped.
They skimped.
They did some parody.
Okay, they left in some commercials that are showing on the...
I'll Always Be Watching You Especially When You're In The Bathroom
And then there's this other one where it's these girls in panties, little girls wearing diapers, and it's a diaper commercial or something, and it says, Pantsu Faito, Pantsu Faito, and at the end it goes, Buy these panties, guaranteed pre-worn by a pedalicious girl, just like this one.
It's so great, or the Sailor Moon, like, the memorabilia they sell, like these wands and stuff, oh yeah, but they sell the memorabilia, and it's like, what does he say, buy our Sailor Moon toys so you can transform, just like Sailor Moon, and then at the end it goes, successful transformation, not guaranteed.
or the Hello Kitty one where it's like, Hello Kitty, Hello Kitty, or it's like, I don't know, something Nico, you know, Hello Kitty, Hello Kitty.
At the bottom it says, Evil Kitty, Evil Kitty, Evil Kitty, and then it's like, buy Evil Kitty mind control candy so we can control your kids and stuff like that.
It's great.
Right.
The last song we heard in that break was Sastro with Holy Forest.
What did you think of that?
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DJ Taka, Attack
I mean, why put... whatever, I don't know.
Konami's kind of losing their mind.
So, whatever.
Okay.
Alright, so that was the Music in a Poppin' Tin soundtrack.
We'll do some more later, but first, this is all the rage this week.
Out now, just came out this week, a brand new Bomani game.
Yay!
Something brand new, and it's not in the arcades, it's only for the home, and America Shock got it first.
Karaoke Revolution, out this week.
What are your guys' impressions of Karaoke Revolution?
First, does somebody want to try and describe the game?
Because I know not even all of us here have played it yet, but does somebody want to try and describe the game?
Like how it plays?
Yeah, how it plays.
Because I think a lot of people still haven't gotten how it works yet.
You want to try and explain it, Brad?
Because I can't.
First, you go to the store and you shell out $70.
Okay, after that.
Okay.
Then you bring it home and you look at it, you oogle it.
After that.
You get a microphone headset combination like what Britney Spears and Madonna uses.
You put this thing on, and you go into it, okay?
Now, it's got like a... You pick levels.
You pick a song, and you pick a level, and it's got like a crowd of people.
There's like a band behind you.
There's a character you pick who dances, and they're overdeveloped in the head.
And they sing, and at the bottom is like...
You know, if anybody's ever seen karaoke, words go by, or usually words are there and then they light up.
Yeah, the words, like this whole screen full of words.
Yeah, except with this, at the very bottom, there's like a rectangular section, takes up probably a third of the screen or a quarter of the screen at the bottom, that has the words that go from right to left.
They scroll across the screen.
It's like watching the news on CNN.
Exactly, like a ticker.
And on the left is a line similar to any Beatmania or DDR.
It's a judgment line where you have to start here.
And then from the top to the bottom where the words are, are lines of how long you're supposed to hold a note.
And they go up and down depending on if the note should be high or low or whatnot.
And if some of the notes, and I'm not going to sing, but they'll go like, mmm, they'll rise.
You'll see the little line go up or down.
So you kind of have to follow the...
The tone of it, you know, it just judges on the tone of it.
So you can pretty much make up any word you want or go, la la la la, or like I did for It's the End of the World.
Instead of doing the rap thing that he does, I go, da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
and so on.
I never thought I would hear you sing, but this game finally got it.
If that's on and that person is singing really high, you can drop your octave and it's still great.
It's got a pretty sophisticated tone recognition system in it.
It's really good.
Like a virgin Like a virgin is sung
Thank you for watching!
I have to agree, this is a great game.
I was really skeptical about it at first, but it's fucking great.
It's a great idea.
My only kind of... I have a couple concerns with it, though.
I mean, it's a great game, great party game, but as a solo game, it's not something I could see myself kind of motivating myself to do solo.
Although, it will... Whereas DDR will not make you a better dancer, Karaoke Revolution will make you a better singer.
Maybe.
I don't know yet.
If you're...
It'll help.
It helps show you if you're on key or not, A. B, it helps you to kind of hold your pitch and maintain your pitch.
That's the biggest thing about it.
Really, the way you get better at singing is by singing more and more.
So, Karaoke Revolution will help you be a better singer.
It won't turn you into an all-star, but it'll help you go from, you know, not so great, but to decent.
Well, see, on the songs that it's got on there, it'll point out to you that, hey, you're not supposed to, you know, sing the song this certain way.
It actually shows you the way the song's supposed to be sung.
For most parts, I noticed that in some of the songs, it looks like they programmed the lines in, the grading in, like, maybe a little different than the original singer sang it.
Because I got kind of confused on some of the songs.
I was like, wait a minute, the line is going up, or it stays straight when the singer's, like, actually raising their pitch or lowering it and whatnot, so...
I don't know, but altogether, the biggest thing I don't like about it is that it's coded, the lines that go by, you know, that you're supposed to sing it, are coded in only one way, so you can only sing the song in one way as far as, you know, your tone.
You can't improvise, you can improvise words, but you can't improvise...
Unless you play non-judge mode.
There is a free mode that you're not judged.
And you say you're not judged, so it's almost like not even really worth playing it.
It's like, might as well just sing along to any song.
Right.
I wish that they had kind of like an edit mode where you can edit the lines in any way you wanted to.
Like, say you sing it without lines, and it would record those lines as you're singing it.
Like an edit mode?
Like an edit mode for steps.
Oh, that's kind of weird.
Okay.
A real time edit where you're singing and it records the lines so you can play them back later.
So you can improvise a song.
Because you know a lot of people who go up and do karaoke, they'll improvise a song.
I do, yeah.
To kind of play it up a little more and get people a little more excited.
and many more.
I think it's an advertisement for the Matrix though, because most of the people in the crowd are all like agents.
They all look exactly the same, wearing the same things.
Yes.
Or the best, when you suck, they start walking away.
Yeah.
And then if you totally fail the song, your person breaks down and cries on the stage.
They fall to the ground.
It was great.
You hate me.
You don't love me.
What do you think of the song list?
I've heard some complaints, and this is kind of one of my chief complaints.
It's kind of not enough songs, but...
All things considered, they only license 35 songs or whatever.
There are 35 pretty solid songs.
They have a pretty damn good mix of music in it, I think.
I think there's at least one, two songs that everybody's going to dig.
Like when we fired it up and Broken Wings was in it, Loki was like, oh my god, cool.
Yeah, exactly.
There are some...
There are some great classics in this.
I mean, some of the best classic 80s music and some of the better pop music, because I'm not a big fan of pop, you know.
I'm a mild fan of top 40 pop.
There's a lot of it I don't like, but there's a lot of it I do like.
And I was really happy to see that there were a couple of Michelle Branch songs in there, because I dig her and stuff.
They have some good... Yeah, actually, I think they did a very good job in the song selection, except for...
And I understand the reason why they did this, I think, if it's the same reason I'm thinking, putting in songs like Son of a Preacher or whatever.
You know, or whatever it's called.
You are still mad that you got the Chain of Fools song on random last night.
You are still mad you had to sing that last night.
Like, they put some really stupid songs in there, but that's just my opinion.
I know there are people out there that love these songs.
It's not classics.
Aretha, come on, Aretha is classic.
Yeah, I understand the purpose, it's just like...
What?
I don't want to sing to the fools.
There's going to be just as many songs that you hate as there are going to be that you love.
There's less songs that I hate than there are songs that I like.
And like Bizarre Love Triangle, it was like, oh my god.
Yeah, some of the great 80s songs like Bizarre Love Triangle, um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I hope there's some really good stuff on the expansion.
If it's anything like...
What they released on the core mix that they just released.
And then we got some good music coming out.
Well, what would be nice is, you know, it really depends, I think, on how this game takes off.
Like, if it's really popular, if it goes DDR style, then I think we're going to see a lot of... I think we'll see really specialized discs where it's going to be like women hits of the 90s type thing, expansion discs, then male hits of the 90s type thing.
It's all dependent on how they advertise this thing.
And Konami in America has not been known for the best advertising campaigns.
So it's...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and so on.
and so on.
I hope that the Japanese versions are worthy of bringing over Oh, not bringing over here, but for me to import Because there's a lot of J-rock and J-pop songs that I really, really like That I would love to get to play in Karaoke Revolution I hope some Larkin Seal stuff shows up In Japan, they are doing Karaoke Revolution in Japan, too And if you go to the official Karaoke Revolution website for Japan...
6 expansion discs already out 6 expansion discs are coming out this month I think later this month 6 discs and we're talking and they kind of do the genre thing a little bit because there's one that's specifically for ballads and there's a couple J-pop hits and things like that and there are groups Morning Musume Ayumi of course Ayumi's on there of course what were some of the other bands um
I can't wait to sing Chocoto Love with Petit Love I don't think Chocoto Love was on there Really?
No, I would have recognized it I may have missed it Or the original Freckles, Suboxone, however you pronounce it Alright, Terry, comment?
My parents have something that's kind of like this.
It's this stand-alone DVD karaoke-based thing that does the same kind of thing.
It measures the tone and the timing that you do.
It's got nine DVDs of Korean, Japanese, Filipino, Chinese, and American music.
Oh, my gosh.
And the DVDs are swappable.
This thing was about $400, and it's...
Totally awesome, because every time we go down there, I mean, we spend the first day just doing this thing.
I'm doing gangsters, and it's great because it shows the backgrounds have absolutely nothing to do with the show.
And the song, you know, they had Gangster's Paradise, and the background is showing this peaceful little farm, almost like it should be Amish Paradise, and it's just great.
That reminds me of when we went to, was it CyberZone?
DarkSakura.com
and we had the big fanfare and everything.
That's the thing is, I noticed you guys suck and you still got high grades.
Shut up!
Um, anyway, well, I mean, I read and stuff.
Oh my god, you don't even want to know how much time I spent in that stupid karaoke room at the tournament.
No, I was there, man.
You were in there all the time with her.
I was like, man, we gotta get out of there.
It was so much fun.
We had a blast.
We were laughing our ass off in there.
Like, the great thing is, like, just like Terry says, like, you'll be singing a song and the background is like this nice landscape of Alaska with this, like, these deers and elk and mooses and shit.
Like,
Yeah, exactly, to like a Gangster's Paradise or some weird Britney Spears song.
It's like, what the hell?
This video has nothing to do with anything.
Yeah, it's to throw you off, totally.
Yeah, that's the thing though, is that this game, if you've played, I don't know about the one that Terry's talking about, but I would assume it's kind of like the one that we saw at CyberZone, where it grades you, but this thing is like a really, really accurate grading system, this karaoke revolution.
I was so surprised at how much work they put into it.
Why don't they put some more work into DDR, like they did this?
Some other comments in the chat.
I want to address some comments that came up in the chat room.
One comment.
Why don't you buy Karaoke Revolution for the Japanese PS2?
Not likely to happen unless they release some kind of American songs expansion pack because...
I can't sing in Japanese.
And I'm not going to just fake it.
I mean, I don't know any of the songs.
I don't listen to J music as much as Brad does.
Maybe he would like it, but I just wouldn't know the songs well enough to necessitate buying it.
I think this is one of those rare cases where the American version has something for me and the Japanese doesn't.
Yeah, it's just for those people like, I don't know, like me, I don't understand Japanese, but from listening to a lot of Japanese music and like...
Ayuma Hamasaki, Larkin Seal
Tons of just Japanese pop and rock artists and stuff.
I can pick up a lot of these words and I start to know the lyrics.
And I can actually look at the lyrics and I can sing the lyrics in Japanese.
I have no fucking idea what they're talking about.
They could be saying, you stupid hunky bitches from America, stop buying our shit.
Or, you know, doing this stuff.
But for me, or for anybody like me who's that into it, yeah, you could go ahead and import the Japanese versions.
I might.
and so on.
I have seen, because they do let you bring in your own music, and I saw somebody once, they brought in, it was some kind of, like it was an Indian song.
One of those, it sounded like it was straight out of a Bollywood picture type thing.
And he was doing the dance and everything.
It was great.
I mean, I was entertained by it.
I didn't know what the hell he was saying, but it was totally entertaining.
Yeah, well, you get your freaks in there every once in a while.
I wouldn't say he was a freak.
He was...
Keyboard, something interesting, confusing language.
You're an ass.
You're an ass.
Seriously.
Okay, what were some other...
Mel B has a cameo in Karaoke Revolution and it's actually in a video that you unlock we haven't gotten it ourselves yet but apparently you can unlock the song one week when you beat solo mode and you get a video with it too in the video section and apparently Mel B is in there singing a little bit of one week it's a clip of all these people singing one week and apparently he's in it
So, of course, you know we're going to unlock that shit this week.
Do it now.
And we will play it on the show for you next week.
And maybe we can get Loki to remix it.
Sorry, guys.
We're cutting off the show now.
We have to go unlock Mel B's video.
No, I... Well, I kind of just... I want to wait until the next time he's actually here on the show, which might not be... Hopefully in the next couple weeks.
Maybe we'll unlock it now.
Well, I'm... Well, you know, I'm going to unlock it now so I can see it, but I want to get him here and then play it over and over and say, Hey, Mel!
and play the sound and then embarrass the shit out of them.
Is there going to be a beatbox to it or something?
I don't know.
I don't know what it is yet.
We will see soon.
But I hear it's really cute that they even have a dog wearing the headset at one point that barks.
Which is what the original song kind of sounds like to me.
Any other thoughts on Karaoke Revolution?
Thank God they don't have that stupid song All Star in there.
That's all I gotta say.
Hey, now, you're an all-star.
That one?
Yes.
Why such a hatred on that specific song?
Because they use it in, like, every single fucking movie trailer and shit for, like, all these lame-ass movies.
You know, you have Mystery Man and Shrek.
I like the movie, too, but the trailer song was lame.
Garbage.
Okay, and Shrek 2, which I just saw before Elf, it also had that...
Yes, Shrek 2.
Also had the goddamn song on it, too.
It's like, ugh.
Hey, Loki.
Shrek 2?
Why?
Hey, now.
You're an all-star.
Get your... I'm gonna punch you.
I don't like that song, either.
I don't... What is that?
I hate it, too.
Is that Smash Mouth?
Fuck Smash Mouth.
No thanks.
They're doing all these commercials now because they can't make any more music.
They're constantly doing educational commercials and shit.
It's so stupid.
Any more thoughts on Karaoke Revolution, Brad?
Being one of the only other ones that's played it.
The other ones, I can tell we're boring everyone else here.
They're like, eh, haven't played it.
Go out and buy it.
Please, everybody.
Because we want Konami to get more money off of this so that they can go ahead and make more stuff like this in America.
Mm-hmm.
Then again, maybe if we tell them to not buy it and it does bad, maybe they'll put more of their time and money into games like Castlevania instead of... And DDR.
No, I could give a fuck about DDR as long as I'm getting my Castlevania on.
Alright.
I think now we're going to get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
How does that sound to you guys?
Are you ready to rock?
Let's get ready to rock!
Alright, last week in the Orange Lounge Cage match, Jamie's song won, which is good news for her, because she didn't have to pick something while she's on vacation.
Even though she's not here, though, her song still gets to go for its third win in a row if it wins tonight.
And it wouldn't be any surprise, because it's a pretty darn good song.
It's a group called CyberX, and it features somebody named Rupina, and it's called Little Flower.
The way the cage match works is that we're going to play three songs for you guys, and you vote for your favorite, and that song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani Music and More program.
But you have to be in our chat room to play along, so head over to www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on chat.
Whole shitload of people in our chat room tonight.
It's more crowded than I've seen it in a while.
A whole shitload.
More than a buttload.
That's more than a buttload, it's a shitload.
So, um... Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on.
I vote for Holly.
No, you can't vote for Holly.
Alright, here we go.
Here's a clip.
Because it won last week, you only get a clip of it.
It's CyberX featuring Rupino with Little Flower.
Enjoy.
That's the first song you can vote for tonight.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
Alright, that was about half of last week's winner.
CyberX featuring Rapinoe with Little Flower.
Two weeks in a row winning.
Will it win tonight again?
Everybody says no.
Gosh, you guys are mean.
If it's been winning twice or whatever, then it should be ticked off.
Well, you're not allowed to give your opinion.
You had to give your opinion two weeks ago.
No, this is back.
I'm sorry.
Will it be my pick that knocks it off tonight?
My pick, probably not, but we can try it anyway.
My pick is, they're actually a Bomani artist now.
They had a song in DDR Max, USA.
You remember the song.
It was huge.
A lot of you liked it.
It was Sandstorm.
And Darude has a new song out now that is my pick for tonight's cave match.
It's called Music.
And it's not like, hey, Mr. DJ kind of music, but it's... Or I got a music, don't stop...
I don't think there's, there isn't, Darude's not in Ultramix.
No.
Well, whatever.
I don't care if it's going to be in DDR in the future.
I think it would be good for DDR, though.
But anyway, here's my pick for tonight's cage match.
It's Darude with music.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
I've got superpowers, don't you think?
Thanks for watching!
Alright, that was song number two in tonight's KH match.
Garud with music.
Let's go around and see what folks thought of that.
We'll start with Brad.
Pretty good.
I don't think I'm a huge fan of Garud because they're kind of cookie cutter trance for me.
So, but it's still good.
I would have to vote for that if I can only vote for the last song or this song.
Alright.
And scale 1 to 10?
Scale 1 to 10?
I'll give it a 7.
Alright.
Will!
It's alright.
It sounded kind of rude-ish.
Pretty, yeah, like Brad said, kind of... Didn't you send this to me a long time ago?
Yeah, I did.
You must be sick of it now.
It's not bad, though.
I'd say it's a seven.
Alright.
Loki!
It was like the same four bars or something, just repeated throughout the whole song.
I mean, I've heard very repetitive trance before, but I mean, that's pretty bad.
I mean, even Sandstorm wasn't as repetitive as that.
Now I disagree with that.
But okay.
Strangely enough, I like Sandstorm better than that song.
Maybe it's just because it's got good memories for me.
When we had a very good radio station in the Sacramento area that got taken up by crazy freaking Christian people.
I'm sorry, is your name Loki?
Sorry.
Yeah, I remember when we used to do, like, the secret word of the day and stuff, and we used to, like, be falling down laughing because we'd be making fun of ravers.
Yeah, I remember when Orange Lounge Radio was funny.
Okay, I give it a six.
All right.
Terry, Mr. Vandalus.
I thought it was very trancy and very repetitive, as trancy songs can be.
And I'd give that one a seven.
All right.
I definitely liked it better than the first one.
Bradley, your thoughts on Darude Music?
Pretty much the same as everyone else, kind of thing.
Sort of there and repetitive, but not too bad, so a seven.
I give it an 8, because no song named Music is allowed to be a 10 unless it's Madonna.
Now who's Madonna remixed by Oakenfold, because I know they have one of Music.
Oakenfold does some great Madonna mixes.
Oakenfold can take anything and make it good.
Goddammit, I almost picked the Oakenfolds song for tonight's cage match.
I should have.
What if he did a remix of Goonies Are Good Enough?
Would you like that?
It would probably be good.
I would come.
Seriously.
Alright.
TMI, there is no TMI on this show, okay?
We live in TMI, Bill.
Alright.
The third song in tonight's cage match comes to us from Loki.
Loki, want to introduce this shit?
Yeah, literally, it comes to us from me because I made it last night, or this morning, however you want to look at it.
This was per request from the chatroom, they wanted me to remix this song from Kill Bill, which is Battle Without Honor or Cause or something like that, I can't remember the name.
Battle Without a Honor or Humanity.
Battle Without Honor or Humanity The 88 Severed Limbs Mix
Okay, there it is, a brand new Loki remix for you guys.
By the way, one of two remixes he's going to debut tonight.
So there's actually another remix coming later, but Loki thinks this one's a little better, so he's going to put this one in tonight's cage match.
It's Battle Without Honor or Humanity, 88 Severed Limbs mix.
Um, Brad, your thoughts?
Fucking spectacular.
Oh my god, dude, that was awesome, that's all I have to say.
That is getting 5,000 out of 10.
So there you go.
I'm stroking as you go.
Looks like you're stroking your dick there, too.
That song made you so happy.
Well, I got some sticky stuff on my fingers from licking something.
Will, your thoughts?
Pretty cool.
I like the rap part thing that went with it.
Sounds good to me.
Ten.
Alright, ten from Will as well.
Loki?
I give it a ten.
G, Stroke Your Own Ego Much?
No, I'm just kidding.
Terry.
Yeah, that song pretty much owned the rest of the song, so I'd give that one.
Yeah, I like 23 Maguses.
I'd give it an 88.
All right.
Bradley.
I liked it.
It was good.
I mean, not that as really blown away, but it was good.
I'd give it a 9.
I don't know, I feel weird today, so...
BPM for my songs
So when I'm mixing, it's accurate.
And then I just happened to play Battle Without a Cause, so I went ahead and threw that in there in the acid, and it happened just to fit with the first song I had there.
In fact, the guitar and the main synth to it, you can't even hear it because they're blended together so well.
So I was like, oh, okay.
And then the rap part, I just like that from the, you know, that was my favorite part in that one song anyway, so I just threw that in there also, and it turned out well.
All right.
Fucking fabulous.
What can I say?
All right.
Let's review.
But you know what?
As much as we might like that song, it's really up to you guys in the chat room.
You guys have the vote.
So here it is.
We're going to recap the three songs you can vote for tonight.
You send your votes over private message to Sky in the chat room.
Hello.
I'm there in the chat room waiting for your vote.
Song number one you can vote for tonight.
Last week's winner.
Two weeks in a row now.
CyberX featuring Grupino with Little Flower.
Alright, song number two that you can vote for tonight is Darude with Music.
Alright, and song number three that you can vote for tonight is Battle Without a Honor or Humanity, the 88 Severed Limbs mix.
This is the newest remix from Loki.
Alright, there they are.
Send your votes now.
Place vote now!
Send those over private message to Sky.
I'm looking at the directory of Loki remixes and it looks like he's got about 12 of them now.
Almost enough for a CD.
Almost.
Something.
No, that's alright.
I think, actually, why don't we play that other Loki mix?
Do you want to talk about your other remix that you did this week, Loki, that you want to debut tonight?
I did this one this morning because actually it was something that Angel is working on right now and so I give her credit for the name and DarkTexi also came up with the name and IDA last night.
But I just threw one together to see how it would end up because they were working on it and so I was like okay well I'll work on my version of it.
This is QQQ and Quasar.
They don't really go together, but, you know, I just figured, you know, for the hell of it, just to try it and see if it worked.
And what else is QQ... QQQQuasar, I guess.
Whatever.
QQQuasar.
Alright, so this is kind of something you... an idea you ruthlessly stole from Angel, basically.
Well, actually, just from the chatroom in general.
I just did it for the hell of it, just to see, you know, what it was.
I don't know, whatever.
Alright, let's check this out.
This is the other new Loki remix we have to debut tonight.
It's Loki vs. Tack with QQ Quasar.
All right, that's the other Loki song we want to debut tonight.
Loki vs. Tack with QQ Quasar, an idea that was ruthlessly stolen from our chat room, but you did a nice job with it.
Very nice.
As some folks are saying, well, Brad, tell listeners what you've been saying while that song's playing.
Oh, well, I like it.
I think it's cool.
It sounds interesting, but I don't know.
I don't think Quasar will really fit with any other song.
I think the way it was written and flows and everything, it kind of just, it's a solo, singular song.
It doesn't seem to want to mix with anything, it seems like.
But it still sounds interesting.
I kind of like it.
I think QQQ would have a lot more potential with some other song.
I can't think right off the bat what it would mix better with, but still a good effort.
I like it.
No, not electrical parade music.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe you could make it sound good, but we'll see.
There was some song on, because we had this soundtrack for the Disneyland Park.
It was all the music from the rides before they had Splash Mountain.
Well, it was even with Splash Mountain and stuff.
And there was one of the songs in there that was...
God, I can't remember.
It was something from Tomorrowland, and it had a song that sounded just like that, like the quacking type thing.
It was like, it wasn't Electrical Parade, it was something like that, though.
I don't remember exactly what it is.
But that song would go good with this, because it sounds the same.
Okay.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm going to give a couple more minutes for the cage match votes to come in.
In the meantime, gosh, I'm stretched for topics to talk about tonight.
What's on your guys' mind?
Anything related?
Well, I've been working on my little thing.
I didn't get to meet with Keith this week, so that made me mad.
But I've been working on my list for this thing that I'm doing.
It sucks because I was going on DDR Mania X because they have a thread about remaking banners that would work perfectly for what I'm doing.
The thing is, a certain somebody that we used to know that used to be in our chatroom but got banned from our chatroom went ahead and went and fucked up the DDR Mania X forums.
So if you take a look at DDR Mania X's forums, you'll see that a certain somebody that goes by the name Newt decided to take it.
Take a poop on the forums there and fuck them all up.
So, you can thank him for that.
And, um, I don't know, other than that, um, nothing much.
We've been playing with the iToy.
That, I guess, is supposed to have a game coming out.
Oh, fuck, the iToy is marvelous.
What do you guys think of iToy, those of you that have seen it?
iToy is just, it's like Angel said, it's like being in Nick Arcade.
All I have to say is I want to... Yeah, do... Okay, anyway, I don't want to embarrass myself anymore.
That little dance game with the little gungoro girl, with the fake and baked tan, is so cute.
Oh my god.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Licensed Music in it, and it is a game that will watch your motion and somehow judge your dancing ability.
I don't know how this is going to work yet.
I've seen limited screenshots on GameSpot and all that stuff.
But I don't know.
The iToy is a very interesting piece of technology.
But it's another one of those things that I think kind of loses it.
It's kind of a party game.
I know where it is.
I'll find it later.
It's kind of one of those things that loses its flair when you're playing it by yourself.
It's more of a party game.
It would be the best thing ever drunk.
I could see myself drunk and playing that sparkles mode where all your motion creates little rainbow sparkles on the screen.
I could see that entertaining myself for hours.
That's so a stoner game too, you know, with the bubbles.
Oh, it popped!
Sweet!
Colors!
It's just like so... It's just a stoner game.
It's like a game for everyone.
You can play this game and no matter what, you know, just find something that you'll enjoy in it.
I mean, they've got some pretty fun stuff, and they have a mode in there.
It's a game that's just like that, um, Fantavision, where it's with, um...
Fireworks
It's just so funny because you see, like, on the screen, you can see yourself mirrored in, you know, doing what you're doing.
And, like, everybody, like, when they break the boards, they're, like, using their hands like this.
You can't really see it, but they're pointing it straight out like they're doing, like, a paper and rock, paper, scissors.
And they poke it with their fingers.
Poke the board!
And it, like, breaks all.
And they'll hit it with their elbow.
It's good stuff.
The one that was hilarious to me was the Ice Queen was over and he hates spiders more than anything.
And there's a spider thing on there.
And it's great because what the spiders do is it puts a bunch of spiders on the screen that are attracted to motion.
So if you move a little bit, the spiders will jump on you really quickly.
It's so funny.
They attach themselves to your head and they don't get off.
It made the Ice Queen run out of the room screaming like the faggy is.
It was great.
I loved it.
and so on.
Oh, yeah.
So, iToy, good thing, bad thing?
What the hell is this thing?
Is it going to go the way of the Super Scope and all these other peripherals that only ever had one game out?
There's no way to know where it's going to go, but I think if we get some...
What's the word I'm looking for?
Imaginative game developers to use this peripheral for something else?
I think there's some huge possibilities for this thing.
If anything, you're going to see it used for a bunch of different applications, not necessarily as a full game, but add-on things.
For instance, I'm sure they're going to do this.
You'll be playing a first-person shooter, and you can take a screen cap of your face and post it on your...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All around you.
But it plays, to me, more like Space Channel 5.
You'll do something, and then you have to do... It plays like Parappa to me more.
Well, okay.
I can see Space Channel 5.
It's exactly like Space Channel 5.
I can see Space Channel 5.
I was thinking more Parappa, but Space Channel 5 is probably a better description for it.
And then there's a Beatmania quote-unquote game in there, too, which is the same thing, except it's four speakers in the corner.
And it has a licensed song in it.
Yeah, it has the... Singing it back...
Swing it back, sing it back to me
I think my favorite game in the whole thing, though, was the Fantavision one, the fireworks one.
Yeah, that one's fun.
That was cool, because the little detonating things on the side.
That one's really fun.
You know, like, hitting, touching the fireworks, and boom!
And the music's great.
It's hella, like, ravery, heart-knocking.
Yes.
It's really good.
Good times.
And I love taking the pictures of yourself with little profiles.
I think Xbox should do one of these for Xbox Live.
They would have a ball with this.
And the greatest thing ever is when they do a picture for the high scores.
When you score, you know, top score or whatever, you take a photo.
And their photo gets stuck with the high score.
That's the greatest.
It's funny.
I love how for your profile you get the pictures.
The three pictures, it'll tell you the picture of like a... It says do a happy face, then a sad face, then a silly face.
And so when you go to the profiles to select your character you want to play as, like Matt will have his own and Rob will have his own, it shows their faces changing from like happy, sad...
Silly.
Or then they have some really pointless modes, but they're kind of fun even still, like the window washing.
Oh, the window washing with a weird song in the background.
Like this old 40s, when I'm washing windows.
Like this really hella old 40s or 30s song.
It's just perfect though.
It fits.
Good stuff.
Yeah.
Good times.
Very.
But actually, I remember a long time ago, we were reading up on, they were doing, they were developing a Dance Dance Revolution type thing with motion capturing just like this, and I remember looking and going, that's stupid.
And you know what?
If I think, when I see this new dancing game, I think I'll think the exact same thing.
That'll be stupid.
I mean, because it's a good concept, but it's not, you know, for like people doing it for like accuracy.
It's like, you know, all the PA-ers out there.
It's not going to work.
Yeah, it's not super accurate.
I was getting kind of frustrated because I felt like I was hitting it on time, like rhythm and stuff, but it's just... You've got to be really... Like, there's a game in there where it's a mirror game where you have to hit these... You have to hit the green ones and not the red ones or you get penalized.
They're like these little bubbles.
And what happens is it creates like a mirror effect where one half of the screen changes upside down and whatnot, so you would expect...
When you raise your hand to touch it, it goes in a completely opposite way.
It's hard to explain.
You'd have to see it.
But the thing is that since you're raising your arm, any part of your arm can touch the sensor area on the screen and you fuck yourself up.
So it's just not a very accurate type of sensor.
Or, depending on the lighting in your room, a shadow could set it off.
Yeah, exactly.
It's not the most accurate style of whatnot.
You know what I mean?
What the hell?
Oh, they're... Okay, anyway.
Okay, I think it's time to announce the winner of the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
What do you guys think?
You!
Alright, here is tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
I think this one isn't too difficult to figure out.
It wasn't unanimous!
I thought it would be, but it was not.
But it was a pretty big landslide nonetheless.
This is tonight's Cage Match winner.
Battle Without Honor or Humanity, the 88 Severed Limbs mix, of course.
wins tonight's Orange Lounge cage match.
You guys cool with that?
Alright.
Alright.
Loki's like, hell yeah, I'm cool with that.
Alright, so that'll come back and fight next week and see if it can... The chatroom was saying they want that in all month.
They want to make that one go for a month.
We'll see.
We'll see.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Just the artist is credited with DDR, and it's all these DDR songs mixed together, so we'll hear that.
Good Cool featuring Jeff Coot with Blaster, I promised that one, so we're going to hear Blaster this break.
And, you know what?
Hey, Brad?
I need your help here.
Is Iconoclasm, is that the Taka featuring DJW one?
I cannot, they totally changed their name.
I'm not sure if it's that or not.
The Anthem Trance?
Taka.
Taka and DJW.
Okay, we're going to hear that one, too.
The Taka and DJW in the genre of Anthem Trance.
It's Vatam Stellaru, and they call themselves Iconoclasm, which is why I was thrown off, because I couldn't remember what they had called themselves.
So we're going to hear all that this break.
The DDR Megamix, Good Coolin' Jeff Coot, and Taka and W. When we come back, the FUs of the week.
We'll be back.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you guys for listening.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
Hello, we are back and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 68 in progress.
And they're just talking about popping music right now, kind of Loki promoting his cabinet again.
Let's get your guys' reactions to the songs in that set.
First off, we had the DDR Megamix.
We might have a surprise visitor here.
Hey, Zero and Jason are here.
Hello.
What is up?
Sorry.
My bad.
Alright.
We're going to... Let's revisit the songs in that break.
See what you guys thought of them.
First off was the DDR Megamix from the Pop Music 10 soundtrack.
Oh, great, I played the bag part.
Let me skip ahead.
Alright, what did you guys think of the DDR Megamix from Pop Music 10?
Why is bag in there?
That was my thought, too.
Why is bag in there?
That's not a highlight of DDR.
It's alright, but the thing is, is that, like, do we need to hear, like, Before You anymore?
or D2R or whatever was all those songs in there.
Like, we've heard those so many times.
We don't need them again.
Yeah, I agree.
Maybe we can make some new before you remix type stuff.
Okay, anyway.
Do you have any thoughts on that movie?
It was okay.
I don't know.
I just, I could see them putting this in like another version of DDR just as a thing.
Okay, cool.
The other song we heard in that break was Good Cool featuring Jeff Coot with Blame
I'm sorry, not Blaine.
That was their other song.
This was Blaster.
What do you guys think of Blaster?
I don't know about Blaster, but hi, Angel.
What'd you think of Blaster?
Me?
Yeah.
Okay, I am a huge Jeff Koop fan, dude.
He makes me warm and gooey inside.
It's nothing compared to his... Hey, shut up.
It's nothing compared to his, like, turning the motor over or blame or blowing my heart away, but since it's Jeff Koop, I'll still...
I still say they need to put Rollercoaster of Love in fucking Guitar Freak.
Yeah, that's true.
Whatever, I mean, I like the Chili Pepper version, though.
That's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Somebody in the chatroom says Jeff Cooch.
Jeff Cooch.
Also in that break we heard Taka and DJW coming together as Iconoclasm with a song called, and this is kind of tricky, it's Vatum Stellarum.
A little bit of Latin there.
What did you think of the Taka and DJW one?
I like DJ Taka, but he's been bringing out a lot of more generic stuff lately, and I think he kind of poisoned DJW with that genericness he's been bringing out.
So I'm not blown away by this song, but it is still pretty good.
It's No Rainbow Flyer, which I think is the best song he's done in a long time.
Because it has the word rainbow in it.
Oh, shut up.
But it is...
Decent, I guess.
But it sounds just like emotion.
And I don't hear DJW really in it at all.
If you just told me it was a DJ Taka song, I would have believed you.
You would have what?
I would have believed you if you just told me it was a DJ Taka song.
The DJW part is very subtle.
If I can recall, I heard some quick piano-y stuff in there.
That's kind of like a DJW thing to do.
Really fast piano playing is DJW's thing.
Do you have any thoughts on that, Loki?
It was okay.
I liked it.
It sounded kind of trancy and nice.
Trancy and nice.
I don't know.
Taka just hasn't really... I just don't really care about Taka and Tack anymore.
It's like Tack did better stuff on his album, you know, the remixes, like Paranoia and stuff.
DJ Tarka's last really, really good song was stuff off maybe, or maybe Rainbow Flyer probably was his last really good song.
Like, Fifth Mix was, like, good for both of them.
I mean, that was some good stuff.
You're talking about D.R.
Fifth Mix?
No, Beatmania.
Beatmania 5th?
Or 2DX, I mean.
2DX, oh, 5th Style.
5th Style, yeah.
Like, what songs?
I can't... V?
Yeah, like, Absolute was on there.
Well, Absolute's from, yeah, 3rd.
Whatever.
Anyways, so, Abyss, that was on there.
Sync.
Yeah, Sync, well, yeah.
Hell yeah, Outface, always good.
Summer Vacation, that was the last good thing that... Outface?
You don't really care for Quasar?
No.
I'm sorry.
Sync and Summer Vacation are still way better, but I don't know, Quasar's still alright.
See, it's like Taka is just getting about as old as Naoki Underground.
I mean, that stuff is so generic and repetitive sounding.
Why does it have to be Naoki Underground?
Why don't you just say Naoki?
That's as old and generic as you get right there.
Well, at least he's like, you know, he does different genres of music, even though he may put himself under different names and stuff.
It's just... Well, DJ Taka's been doing a lot of, like with Night Style, like these more J-pop-y sounding songs lately.
So he's kind of changing up his genre, but I don't think he's doing very good.
I don't want to hear Sylvia Drive ever again.
I was pissed off that he didn't even, um, Emotion 2003 anyways.
They've already done a romantic style of Emotion that was in, um, what was it...
See, they made Romantic style, and that was pretty cool.
I liked that better than the original.
But then they're like, we need it to be a little more trancy, so let's do Romantic 2003 or whatever it's called.
Lame.
Yeah, I think it was a little overdone.
So what are we talking about?
Uh, you guys are having an argument about whether Taka sold out or not or whatever it is.
Well, I think Taka's just getting soft.
Alright.
Okay, uh, let's do the FUs of the week then.
Speaking of ranting about things.
I'll leave now.
It's time for the FUs of the week!
Oh, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here is... This is fucked up.
Here.
Well, this is the part where Jamie would usually do her FUs, because this is her little retarded baby that has grown into an hour-long segment every week's show.
But she didn't send me anything over mail, or I haven't gotten anything on email, and I didn't get a phone call or anything.
So, FU to Jamie for not sending me FUs!
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
We miss you.
I'll do Jamie's.
Fuck you to traffic.
Fuck you to being sick.
Fuck you to Xbox, there you go.
And fuck you to Roosevelt Golf Line Children.
Fuck you to bad Chinese food, fuck you to Roosevelt Golf Line Children.
Alright, fair enough.
Okay, so we're just going to skip to Loki then.
And Loki, per your request earlier this week, I went ahead and changed your music.
Oh yes, I remember that now.
God damn it, why does he have to remember everything?
Fuck your goddamn speed music.
I hate it.
And the fact that you make speed Christmas music is even worse.
Because I hate Christmas music.
Why the hell does every store in the face of the earth have to play goddamn Christmas music, like, right after fucking Halloween?
Okay?
It's not Christmas yet.
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
But no, you know, instead of having the songs nice and short, they have to, you know, make extended versions and just speed them twice as fast as their regular size.
Mmm, Gearbox, uh-huh.
Hey now, Gearbox star, get your game on.
Oh, sorry!
My second FU of the week is going to be going to G4 for their poor programming.
I watched a nice segment on Dance Dance Revolution and these people covering it knew nothing about the game.
I don't even think they knew what they were doing there.
They were talking to these people asking them, So, what's your highest score?
And the guy's looking at them like...
Dude, have you seen the new Tetris game?
Aeris dies.
It's just, it's stupid, it's like, we have to recolonize our planet.
It's not a planet, it's a puzzle game.
Puzzle game.
No need for anything else.
Okay?
Um.
Also, fuck you too, a lot of the stupid movies that are coming out lately, like Master and Commander of the Far Sea, I mean, no one wants to see stupid people sailing and ships blowing up and ships, shit like that.
Wait, this is the What's His Name movie, right?
Yeah, that guy who doesn't make good stuff.
What's his name, the Australian guy?
Russell Crowe?
Russell Crowe, yeah.
Who wants to watch Russell Crowe be a stupid sailor god?
Russell Crowe is true.
Oh wait, does he die in the movie?
No.
Oh, then it's not worth saying.
Does he, like, bust out, like, a shield and sword and start cutting people's heads off and stuff and say, I am the greatest gladiator?
No.
So, um, yeah, that sucked, and, um,
I had more at Fuse earlier this week, and because it's Sunday, I just get all relaxed by the weekend, and half of the stuff goes away.
I thought that the music might help, might jog my memory, but all I can say is I hate old people.
I hate them to hell, and old people just really suck.
I hate reality TV, because these new shows that they come up with, like this
And finally, um...
I don't know, I can't, oh, FU Yahoo for covering the dumbest news stories ever, like, for instance, the solar flares, no one cares about the solar flares, didn't happen, nothing really, you know, happened to us, um, also, just, they have, like, um, studies about, like, different things, like, games are addictive, you know, that shit, it's really lame, like, um,
This is what I'm saying, if you set fire to yourself, it will hurt.
So, I'm done.
I like boobies too, but just because I like boobies doesn't mean you have to keep writing boobies.
So, yeah.
I'm done.
And burn this fucking CD!
They sent you Beethoven!
Alright, uh, hold on, I think of something else real fast, I'm dealing with some things in the chatroom, hold on.
Let's watch some gay porn so we can get our hate back.
Fucking A, dude, seriously.
No, I hate fucking pop-ups and shit, and I'm still getting them like hell, and all these people are telling me, you know,
They actually increased my penis size and all this stuff.
It's just really annoying.
They can hit, man.
Did you know that they say my breasts are too small, too?
Yeah, I know, me too.
I get this all the time.
And my clitoris is too small.
My ovaries are too big.
If we were to follow all their, you know, instructions, we'd be titty-fucking ourselves every day, so... Damn, and the only spam I get is Tubgirl.
Oh.
Sorry.
Everyone go to www.tubgirl.com right now.
Well, I'm not going to give it out over the air, because who knows, and everybody's going to send me Tug Girl, because they think it'll be funny.
Okay, everybody, go to www.goatse.cx Jesus Christ, just kill yourself.
Oh, that's it, my turn, my turn.
My F.U.
of the week goes to these fucking retarded internet jokes that are five years old.
Hey, go to Goat Say, it's funny, this guy stretching his ass, ew.
God.
Top Girl, oh, it's so funny, hey, she shit herself, isn't that great, ew, look at that.
God, shut the fuck up.
If you're going to send around an internet joke, at least make it a funny internet joke, like ghetto Barbie or whatever that was.
No, I'm sorry.
I know a lot of people hate it still, but you can't go wrong with All Your Base.
It's a classic.
It's the original.
This is funny because Japanese people actually wrote this this way.
All Your Base was not part of my FU.
That can stay.
But Goat Say and all this other stuff has to go.
Yes, that's dumb.
or at least come up with something else funny.
Like, you know, how about a woman in a new compromising position or a guy doing another amazing thing to his body.
Okay, send me that.
No one's sent me that yet.
There's the new fetish where women kick guys full on in the groin really hard and they get off on it.
That'll probably be a new joke soon.
Yes, somebody send me bum fights.
I haven't seen this yet.
It might still be funny, see?
I'm just joking.
All right.
God.
I just hate it when people post this on forums to try to, like, there's something new that, like, ha, this is so funny, my friend just showed it to me.
Chances are if your friend just showed it to you, it's like five years old.
Your friend's just retarded.
Unless you're me.
Have you seen fart pudding?
I don't want to!
My favorite ones are the ones where they post stuff like about, New DDR Extreme skin for Step Mania!
And it's a link to Goatse.
Or Redirect.
Oh yeah, if you're the one that's... Those are the best.
Hey, you can go to hell if that's you doing that.
This is a special place in hell, just for you.
I want to do one that sends you to, like, install Gator on your computer.
That would be the best.
Dude, I don't even know how to do it.
I'm going to buy... The goats that go down, I'm going to buy it and put in a Gator ad.
I'm going to make zillions of money off this.
What was that other one you were talking about last week?
What?
The one that we were... Yeah, Gain, I think.
Gain, Gator... No, the one that you could not get rid of last week.
It was the... Not Jupiter, but it was one of them in that family.
It's like Jupiter, but with an X. Lop.
Lop.com.
Lop.
Ugh, evil.
Do not visit Lop.com.
You'll be sorry.
Okay.
It's worse than Tubgirl.
Okay.
What's Lop.com?
It's like worse than Gator.
Oh, Gler Gallery.
That kind of stuff?
No.
Alright.
That's it.
That's it for my FUs of the week.
Alright, let's go around the room and get other FUs of the week.
Dark Child has a microphone so he can start.
Okay, before I do my FUs, I have to give a shout out to my girlfriend.
I love her.
Blah, blah, blah.
Aww.
Fuck you to people who go aww every time you say something lovey-dovey.
Fuck you to shitty news sites and their false articles and stuff.
Fuck you to Supreme Court for their regular bullshit.
Fuck you to the president, like always.
Fuck you to stupid customers that come into GameStop asking you about 6 billion video games and have them tell you everything that's new and then they decide they don't want that game, they want Halo for the Xbox.
Fuck you to stupid people, bad drivers, fuck you to angry drivers, don't know who I'm talking about if you're listening, sorry princess.
Uh, fuck you to computer viruses, fuck you to people who are getting a nice new laptop and are getting a 59 inch TV.
Fuck you.
Um, that's about all my fuck you's.
Sounds good.
Fuck you dude.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
Fuck you dude is a back of the line.
No, fuck you to the group that I have to talk to every day.
This group is called Movie Gallery.
It's a chain that's Midwest in the United States.
They're the dumbest fucking idiots ever.
They don't even know what backorder means.
I mean, it's just kind of like common knowledge shit, and I hate them and they're all inbred, um, tics, so, yeah.
Um, a big F you to Pixie Dust for making me say hi to her on the air.
Uh, Vambrous, your FUs.
Do you have any FUs of the week?
All right, I guess I have a couple of FUs.
FU to companies that like to outsource everything to India to save money.
They put all people out of jobs and they all wander around.
It makes it nice for when I'm hiring, but, you know, it still sucks when people are out of jobs.
FU to lots of bills.
FU to triple car tax, my truck tax.
Bill came in this month and I owe $600.
Oh, my God.
Yep, it tripled.
Yeah, if it's tripled, whoever has princesses, it's tripled.
How about... That's all I have, because I can't think of anything.
Alright, fair enough.
Bradley, Arcadian42, what are your FUs of the week?
Fuck you too.
Be on the edge of out of money and all that other stuff and various things like that as usual.
Fuck you, don't have any job yet.
Fuck you to my ladies and gentlemen for not getting the job yet.
Fuck you to bad drivers, of course.
One guy almost tried to hit me when he was changing lanes, but I think the cops caught him, so fuck you to him.
And thank you to the cops for catching that idiot.
Fuck you to disappearing pencils.
They run away from me and disappear to different rooms.
They say, where did the pencil go?
I have, like, four pencils and they disappear at various points.
And, uh, some more pencils.
and, uh, Tentacle.
Okay, um, up next, let's hear from Zero, your FUs of the week.
I don't have a whole lot, but I will have to say fuck you to the customers who come in and tell me that I don't know what I'm doing, even though I sell video games and I've been playing them all my fucking life.
And, yeah, fuck you to people who want Karaoke Revolution and we don't have it, and so I have to go get it for them.
Added in at a decreased price.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, it didn't matter because I wanted to get out of it.
I needed to take a break.
Anyway.
Because we were out.
Um, yeah, fuck you to having a car now, because I have to go and fucking park all the way at Cal Expo, because a stupid fucking mall security little fucking police squad dropouts come up and harass our store specifically and tell us, if you park your cars anywhere else but Cal Expo, we're gonna tow it.
And they're like picking on us, so we're making their job harder.
Um...
Yes, and fuck you to people who tell me to fuck you because I'm getting like a TV and a computer.
You know what?
Those are gifts, dick.
Anyways, Jason, you're a dick.
And by the way, that stuff that I'm getting is a gift, so fuck off.
Not like you don't get to benefit from it anyway, so shut up.
Yeah, and which reminds me, I'm gonna have everybody over Friday night to play games on...
Yeah, this one.
Everybody.
Everybody.
Oh, not on my TV.
Hell no.
You could go stand in the back of the house and do it.
That was a good game, come on.
On a 17-inch computer monitor, how about that?
No, that's really pretty much about it.
Oh yeah, and fuck you to not being here for so long because I didn't have a car.
So yeah, fuck not having a car too.
But I'll be back like every week now.
So yay, I'm done.
Yeah, I know, this is funny, because we were just saying the other day, we haven't seen Zero in forever.
And here I was, thinking it was just going to be me and Loki here tonight, stretching for material.
Uh, Brad, your turn, FU's of the Week.
Can you sing a different song now?
No.
Now?
No.
Anything, I don't care.
Alright, hold on, okay, here you go, here you go.
Here you go.
You can have a line, Suki.
Oh wow, thanks.
Alright, the FUs please.
Okay, uh, of course the old classic FU to this segment, it's stupid, um, and to be the great hypocrisy type thing, you know, I'll go ahead and give another FU.
FU to you people who complain about G4, at least you've got the money to or have G4, like, and have cable.
Because I have to watch the same three channels over and over again.
Thank you Network Local Television.
But then again, I do get at least CSI and cheaters.
What's this?
Hell yeah.
Alright, fuck both of you, because my TV doesn't even get the reception for those three channels.
Mine doesn't, my TV doesn't, but they have, like, this, uh, this little cable thing that's an antenna that's, like, this huge, supposed to be a huge antenna on top of the whole apartment complex, but you know what I think it is?
It's just, like, a piece of tinfoil that's attached to this cable, because I cannot get Fox, like, hardly ever, which sucks, because Fox has, like, I think, Simpsons on it and stuff, and... Fuck it.
Yeah, so...
God, I hate you.
Um, but anyhow, Jurassic Park 4 is awesome, but anyway.
Uh, but seriously, man, watch Cheaters, Sunday nights at 1 o'clock or something like that.
Good show.
Are you done?
No!
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
Sure.
Can I finish?
Sure.
Okay, good.
Alright.
Let's get to the chatroom FUs now.
Stupid Baka would like to say, my F.U.
of the week goes to Konami of America for not releasing the expansion discs yet.
I want them so badly.
F.U.
to Konami for not having DDR anymore.
F.U.
to my brother for coming over for the weekend.
He left today and totally screwing up my whole room.
And F.U.
to the song Bag.
F.U.
to me because I'm broke and I want Time Crisis 3 bundle and Final Fantasy X2.
F.U.
to me because I'm stupid and can't remember any more things I'm mad at.
Wampa164 says, F you to shitty rainy weather that prevented my RX-7 from being tuned after a week of being carless.
Sucks.
Leadfoot says the research paper that won't let itself be finished is an F you.
Stabler X says, F you to people who talk in the theaters, they need to be shot.
I'll never forget the time I went and saw 28 Days Later, and the part where the guy's naked, the chicks behind me went, I have a little man!
Now in that case, that made the movie for me.
23 Magus said, F you to asthma, it wouldn't be so bad if you didn't feel like dying every time you had an attack.
F you to having no way of getting to the show tonight, Sniff.
EvilMalke2DX would like to say, I got me an FU of the week.
FU to those people in Rhode Island who accused Uni of being a moocher.
Well, that's not cool.
Come on, they live in Rhode Island.
What do they know?
Just kidding, just kidding.
Just kidding if you live there.
What?
Zero scares me with pictures of Kelly Osbourne, and why does he have them on his computer?
That's what I want to know.
Oh my god, it's a nude picture of Kelly Osbourne!
No, because I accidentally downloaded her album, because it came up as something else.
You guys are so gullible!
Like, three guys jumped off their chairs.
Oh my god, nude picture of Kelly Osbourne.
She's like 17, you perverts.
That's exactly why I want to see it.
Dude, it's like fruit.
You want it just before it's ripe and ready to be eaten.
God!
She got ripe a little early, okay?
DJ Spector would like to say, F.U.
my stupid Spanish teacher, whose name I can't pronounce, I'm not going to try to.
And DJ Spector would like to give an F.U.
to Politary.
Damn, Britney Spears' tits are nice.
They keep changing shape.
Did Your Angel would like to say, fuck my old job for not scheduling me next week, but that's okay, because guess where I'll be at next week?
Alrighty, we'll be seeing her soon.
DarkTetsuya would like to second the FU of the week to Christmas Speed.
AZNBuddyPaul would like to say, FU to Speed over Beethoven.
I don't see what people like in that song.
FU to Bill Gates just because.
Just because he has billions of dollars you don't have Rice3, or RYC3, Rice, would like to say, fuck you to a boring week, and hi guys!
RYC3, Rice Um... Yeah, I got the FP to Paul Terry, I guess that was it Can I get one more?
Baka wants to give an FU to a family member who will not let him listen to the rest of the show.
So it did me no good to read that because he's not listening anymore.
That's too bad.
Nothing comes between you and your Orange Lounge radio, goddammit.
Alright.
That's it.
We're done with the FUs of the week.
Don't send me more.
I don't want to hear them.
Dez Q with Jack Girls Band Milk
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oki Himawari Sagashini Yuku Toki Toki Yorimichi Shite Konekoto Sareattari
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Thank you for watching!
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of the Orange Lounge mainlining music in Morse Show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's...
on Earthly.
It's like being at a club, except you don't have to actually ask someone to dance.
Alright, we're back on Orange Lounge Radio, and I'm opening up the floor for some quick Ask Orange Lounge before we go off air tonight.
But first, while you guys send those questions in over private message to Sky, let's see what you guys thought of those songs.
The chat room certainly had some strong opinion on these.
The first song we heard in that break was Dez Q, that's Dez Ro and Tack, with a song called Jack.
Um, Brad, what'd you think of that?
The Desque with Jack.
I like it.
It's distress and, uh, frickin' gravity mixed together.
You know what's interesting?
The chatroom, chatroom, worst reviews of the night.
They said that song is god-awful.
They don't like it at all.
Fuck them.
This show isn't for them.
Big fuck you to the chatroom.
I, I, you know what, I, um, I don't think it's awful, but it's, um, for TAC, it's pretty bad.
I expect better from TAC.
So, that's me personally.
Yeah, wah, exactly.
Why don't you go sit on a dick or two?
If, if I could.
Oh, oh, hey, looks like, uh... But you weren't expecting that answer.
Uh, Loki, what'd you think of DesQ?
DesQ.
It's okay.
It's just like every other fucking tax song on the face of the earth.
They all sound the same now.
I could remix it, I guess.
That'd be fun.
Alright.
Anybody else have a thought on DezQ with Jack?
What?
I should just listen to Captain Jack.
Captain Jack is much better than Jack, in my opinion.
It does cue with Captain Jack.
The next song we heard was a band called Threep, and the song was called Milk.
A nice, happy, little, uplifting song.
I remember that movie.
Oh, no, wait, that was Milk Money, where they saved up their milk money to go to a prostitute.
That was cool.
The Place To Be
and certainly those of you that were visiting Bomani Style for a while probably got fucking sick of this song really fast.
Yep, hate it.
At least you got to hear the whole thing.
You just hate it?
Well, after that one... For some reason only?
Oh, oh, I know I forgot some...
Fuck you, Bomani Style, for still having music on your opening page.
You know what?
I love Bomani Style.
Good guy that runs it.
Paranoid is an awesome guy.
Great site.
Great site.
Good stuff.
But I don't like that.
Horrible choice to put the music on the opening page.
Biggest problem is, if it would be nice, here's a suggestion for my staff folks if you're listening.
Instead of having the one song in there and changing it every two weeks or so, put like ten songs that randomize.
So every time... No, better yet, turn off the fucking music altogether.
Do what DR Maniacs did.
It's got like a cookie on your computer, okay?
If you disable it, it doesn't play until you enable it again.
And it does it automatically.
And I love that.
Otherwise, great site.
Or even, you know what, even better...
Just have it load Orange Lounge Radio when they go to the front page.
Just have it load.
And the problem is the thing that turned it off, it takes a while to load up after you know animations and stuff.
Bad business decision, whoever did that.
Brad, what did you think of that song?
The Desiree core groove genre one that got played the hell out on the money style?
What did you think of the last half of it that you didn't hear on the money style?
What?
Alright, you weren't listening.
Any other comments on that one?
It sucked.
Even though I didn't hear the song.
I'm not a fan of Dez Ro.
I was just listening to this in my car, this song, and it's not, you know, I don't know.
Dez Ro is just not that great.
I like Daikin Kai, but all the other songs... I can only take... I liked Daikin Kai the first thousand times I heard it.
I still like it.
Huh?
Alright.
Um, here we go.
We're going to do some quick Ask Orange Lounge before we end tonight's show.
You guys ready?
Let's Ask Orange Lounge.
Some stupid question.
Why wasn't this song in Karaoke Revolution?
Because there's no words, Yamora.
Because there is no words.
But I could have made them up.
I could have made them up.
Konami, email me.
Rob Suckercock.
Alright.
or two.
You know, there's this movement now.
Some of the cool kids in the Bomani scene are trying to flood Konami with requests to put Murmur Twins in... Yeah, I know, I was going to say... What, Zero?
There are no cool kids in the DDR scene, right?
Yeah, that's kind of my thoughts exactly, too.
But nevertheless, the cool kids are trying to get together and put Murmur Twins in the next karaoke revolution.
Here's my advice.
What?
Don't email Konami.
Konami doesn't read those fucking emails.
No, no, they have it on their website.
Don't you want to know?
No, they have a request on their website.
Just click here to request a song for them.
Here's the thing.
If you really want to do it, try and get a hold of ShortyNC or Shintenshi or any of those other old school Bay Area MGL guys from DDR because they all work for fucking Konami right now.
Hey, while you're working there, why don't you bug the shit out of them?
What?
It's not... I think they're trying to be funny.
I get the thing that, like, it's trying to be funny, like, ooh, teehee, let's request Murmur Twins.
It's not funny.
Wouldn't it have been, like, more funny to request Last Message or... See, yes, Last Message I think would have been a little funny.
Murmur Twins, not funny.
I'd like to request DMX be put in DDR.
I'd like to request that no Bomani songs be put in Karaoke Revolution so that we don't ruin the series.
DMX, the singer, the rapper.
No, I'm just saying.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Am I the only person who agrees that Konami's original music is better than 98% of the music that comes out nowadays?
All I'm saying is that DDR music needs to stay in DDR.
Check this shit out.
DDR music needs to stay in DDR.
It does not need to be in Karaoke Revolution.
We like Karaoke Revolution because it has the pop songs in it.
Check this out.
A new version of some Bomani game comes out.
DDR...
Poppin' Music, or 2DX, and then people go, have you heard the new license tracks?
I'm like, what, there's license tracks?
I don't give a fuck, I like Konami's music.
I like the license tracks.
Yeah, because you're a consumer whore, and how?
Fuck off.
Alright, can we actually answer the questions now?
We actually had two... Hey, could I ask a question to the chatroom first?
Yeah, why?
Could I have everyone in the chatroom place FF11 to please post what server they're on and their character name?
I'm on Bismarck.
Oh, Bismarck.
Fuck Bismarck.
Everyone jump over to Ragnarok.
Fuck Ragnarok.
There's already a game called Ragnarok.
Yeah, well, there was a... Yeah, fuck Ragnarok while we're at it.
Yes, Brad?
I don't know.
Alright, let's get to the question.
No, too late.
Same question came from both 23 Magus and Zodiac Knight.
Fuck you to the player in Star Wars Galaxy who unlocked the first Jedi.
You fucking grinding bastard.
You, like, mastered every profession in the game.
You suck ass.
And fuck you to Sony Online for making that the secret way to unlocking the goddamn Jedi character.
Jealous.
Table of one.
Jealous.
No, fuck that.
Fucking piss off because it was just about grinding profession.
It wasn't some super secret.
I thought you enjoyed grinding.
I do.
Grinding a profession is when you like just sit there and build biological chemical effectors all day long instead of actually playing the game.
You just sit there building things forever.
And it sucked because it was supposed to be some kind of cool like different way for everyone to unlock AI and it was just master of four different professions.
I don't give a shit.
I don't get a few segments done.
Same question from Magus and Zodiac Knight.
Ask the same question.
Best song in Karaoke Revolution so far?
They want to know.
Zero says none.
Loki.
Well, what my girlfriend would say would be, you're the one that I want because it was in Grease and she loves Grease.
I really don't like much of the songs, because I can't sing them, so it kind of sucks.
I mean, I like Jennifer Lopez's Waiting for Night, because that's like the only song I like of hers, and then Broken Wings is alright, because I listen to that all the time, but that's, you know.
As far as non-game music, I'd have to say Ladies Night, man.
That's awesome.
Yeah, the first unlock we got, Ladies Night.
I would say it's a close tie between Like a Virgin...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Wait a minute, what am I talking about?
My songs are pretty faggoty too.
I'd have to say, probably, I don't know, there's three really good ones on there.
Bizarre Love Triangle, Huey Lewis and the News with Power of Love, and what was that other one I sang?
I did the Huey Lewis one, Bizarre Love Triangle was on there, and what was it?
There was another one, but yeah.
It's the End of the Worlds, we know it?
No, no.
REM isn't that great.
You just saw me do it.
Chain of Fools?
No.
Chain, chain, chain.
I don't remember the other one.
Your underwear.
I don't remember the other one you did, I'm sorry.
I don't know, but yeah, you get it.
You get the point.
There's some good songs on there.
The one from Back to the Future?
You already said that one, right?
I already said that.
Power of Love.
Power of Love.
That's great.
A couple more questions, both coming from AZM Buddy Paul.
These are the last two of the night, so no more questions for him.
I'm hijacking.
Here we go.
I'm hijacking.
Tough.
This is a live show.
We're coming to you live from the hizzle for shizzle.
DarkSakura, SuchAPiehole, AsianBuddyPaw, Have any of you had a near-death experience?
This is a pretty heavy question.
Yes.
Want to explain it?
Um, hold on.
Okay, I'll go first.
I went on a groupish date with a friend of mine.
It was this one guy and his date and my date.
And he was driving his mom's, thank God, Grand Prix.
Pontiac Grand Prix.
And, um...
It was the first, yeah, well, I say thank God because the Grand Prixs actually hold up pretty well in a wreck.
Um, we went on a date, we went to a movie, then we came home, and right after we got out of the theater, it was the first rain of a season, so in the first rain of a season, everybody starts driving like complete idiots, and since it's the first rain, there's a lot of fresh oil on the road, so we're driving, he's driving too fast for conditions, tailgating somebody, and he's looking behind him, talking to the two girls in the rear seat, whereas I'm the only one watching the street.
He's the one driving, but I'm the only one watching the street, so...
Some truck got in an accident up ahead.
They were parked in the middle of the fast lane.
And I look and I say, Oh shit, look out, stop!
And so he turns his head just in time for him to swerve to the right a little bit.
So only half of the car got hit, this truck with an iron bumper.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura
There was one time... Yeah, he said near death, not deaf.
Next time, pay attention.
I'm such a dick.
Loki, you had one?
Yeah, sure.
There was this one time where I came home and like...
No!
No, there was one time I came home and we were out of Captain Crunch and I thought I was going to die right there.
This one time I had to listen to Christmas Speed.
Alright, uh, other question from AZM Buddy Paul, this is pretty easily answered.
What is the song we use for the Ask Orange Lounge theme music?
We get asked this, I swear to God, every other week.
This is Journey to the Wonderland from Keyboard Mania 2nd Mix by NPB.
2nd and 3rd if you're a PlayStation 2 player, but 2nd if you're an arcade player.
Because there was an N3rd mix in the arcade, which makes me sad.
Shut up.
Alright, uh...
Let's wrap up the show now.
Let's go around and get folks' final thoughts.
Dark Child, your final thought.
www.milkycookies.com Don't worry, it's not porn.
It's actually cool stuff.
Alright, I'll take your word for it.
Why I'm going to do that, I don't know.
Brad, your final thought of the night.
I'm on TV, dammit.
Vandalist, your final thought of the evening.
Have a good night.
Okay, Bradley, your final thought of the evening.
Yay.
Zero, your final thought of the evening.
Metal Slug just ain't Metal Slug without the blood.
My final thought of the evening is MORTAL COMBAT!
And, uh, Loki, your final thought of the evening.
I had too much strawberry soda during this show.
I think I've had a whole six packs.
Does your pee smell like strawberries?
I don't know, but I'm going to smell it right now!
All right, I'm going to give the final word of the evening, one word to sum up the whole show, and we end on that note tonight.
No, Dark Child.
I give the final word of the night tonight to Vandalus.
You can't have it, Dark Child.
You don't get it.
Goat's seed.
No, no goat's seed.
Vandalus gets the last word of the evening because I know he'll keep it clean.
Vandalus, the final word of the evening tonight?
Apple pie.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Trying to save the relationship by talking about having a baby.
You know, like, that's going to work.
I had a great, great experience recently.
I helped deliver one of my best friend's children.
And, wow, when you witness something like that, you see how powerful women are.
That we bring forth life.
I mean, it's...
Awesome.
And I just was so amazed by my friend because she was not just a woman.
She was not just a mother.
At that moment, she was creation.
She was life.
She was God.
And as I looked in her eyes, her pussy exploded.
A piece of it hit me in the head!
Everybody else was like holding each other and crying and I'm like,
The nurse was running around collecting pieces of her pussy in a basket.
She's just panning for pussy.
They had to sew it back together.
Frank and Pussy It's alive!
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
