Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Romani Talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super, thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes, I have.
Look, it's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a Pauly Shore movie.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
DarkSakura.
I've got a sniff.
Skye.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live.
And this is episode number 69.
for November the 16th of 2000 and wait for it, wait for it, three.
You're tuned in to the Bimani scenes most sexually charged for 99 cents a minute.
Radio station of all things between my legs and Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as
Soft Bunny Lips.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the most heterosexual tech boy on the farm, Mr. Loki.
He's a breast man.
Yeah.
Hey, look at me.
I'm acting so...
Also joining me tonight, well, she's not here, but she's somewhere being naughty.
It's Miss Jamie Summers.
She's off in Alabama being very, very naughty.
So in her place tonight, we have a whole orgy of people, starting with the one and only Orange Lounge Madam.
Say hello to Pixie Dust.
Hi.
I want to fuck your brains out.
Oh yeah.
Oh!
Fuck yeah!
No, it's infamous for me coming, being the Orange Lounge Madam, being on show 69 of all things.
Yeah, whatever.
Also joining us for this monumentally huge episode 69, say hello to Nurse Tylan.
Hi, I'm really sexy, am I?
I just broke the queue.
Thank you.
Also joining us, straight from heaven, oh God, oh God, it's DDR Angel.
Bunnies have friends with tricks.
Also with us tonight, say hello to the 69th Magus.
So, put your vibrators on autopilot and enjoy the ride.
Haha, even after you add more numbers, you're still not funny.
Yeah!
There's no turning back now!
Alright, in all seriousness tonight, this is the episode we've been looking forward to for a long time, episode number 69.
So, you know, we had to do something for it, because it was kind of starting to feel anticlimactic, you know, with Jamie not here, unfortunately, and just... Yeah, yeah.
The one thing that's not going to be climactic tonight... I don't think anybody in that corner of the room is going to be climaxing anything today.
I've got to plug the cord in the hole.
Stick that cord, stick that network cord in somebody's hole.
Do it.
Do it, Loki.
Do it.
Ooh, ViolentHyperGirl's going to come out here and she's going to bring her whip.
I'll bring mine.
In all seriousness, we're not crazy.
There is going to be other stuff to talk about tonight.
We have a whole lot of stuff to talk about.
There's DDR Ultra Mix coming out soon.
How was your week?
How was your day?
We have plenty to talk about when it comes to Final Fantasy XI, RekkaCon, and all that fun stuff.
And all sorts of interesting things and...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Right now.
Very naked.
And I have to say, you have such nice breasts, Pixie Dust.
You have very lovely breasts.
Thank you.
You're very welcome.
And plants.
Alright, we're going to start this off.
We're going to take a quick break with some music from Dancing Stage Fever, the new game that came out in Europe not too long ago.
Some classic songs in there.
You may have heard some of these tunes before, but now, if you're in Europe or you have a way of playing Dancing Stage Fever, you can play these songs.
We'll be back.
Okay, we're going to have to can that.
I don't know what's going on.
It's stopping going there, so let's see here.
What I'll do is I'll copy the files over real fast.
We'll do it a different way.
Something weird's running with the network right now.
In the meantime, PastyDust will do her 900 operator impersonation for you.
Ring, ring, ring, ring.
Hello.
Hi.
What's your name, little boy?
My name is Loki.
Loki.
What are you into, little boy?
I'm into sex and big things.
What kind of big things, Loki?
Breasts.
What do you like about them?
They're bouncy.
You're pathetic.
Get off my line.
Flick!
Yeah, something weird's going on.
The network's running really slow today, so I'm not able to run things off the network very well.
Yeah, it's because we have a lot of stuff going through our network right now.
So, sorry, guys.
That's all right.
We'll be okay.
If you want to join our chat room and join in the big orgy that's going on in there, head on over to our website, www.callybimani.com.
Click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
and okay in this break we're going to hear it starting off with Asa Bass with All That She Wants will be the first song we hear from Dancing Stage Fever and then some more stuff that you may or may not recognize so okay now that it's copied over to my drive let's try this again we'll be right back
I say, the boys are back in town
The boys are back in town again Just hanging down at Dino's
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF.
And for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke ass like I am, why don't you come to one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Alright, we are back, Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 69, in progress.
I like that promo because Mel's kind of, you know, she's a, and for an extra 99 cents a minute, he gets into it too, so.
Oh, yeah.
I had to bring that in.
And by the way, for those of you guys that have played Karaoke Revolution yet, once you guys unlock the song one week, we haven't done it here yet because I've been lazy and I haven't played Karaoke Revolution all week, but once you unlock the song one week, apparently you get a video with it, and in that video, Mel makes a cameo.
I guess it's all these different people singing the song or something like that, and he's in it.
So be on the lookout for that.
Yes, Angel?
Actually, my friend is actually in the game.
He actually did voice for the game.
Oh, that's cool.
His name is Bert.
What did he sing?
I only know his first name.
Do you know what he sang in it?
Eagle Eye Cherry Song.
The what?
The Eagle Eye Cherry Song.
Oh, Safe Tonight?
Hey, I can get a good score on that one.
Maybe because Bert's helping, you see.
Maybe if we get bored the last segment, we could fire up Karaoke Revolution and see who's an all-star here.
Because I haven't seen it yet.
Maybe, maybe.
We'll see how desperate for material we get.
We'll see.
Desperate?
Who says we're ever desperate?
It's episode 69.
We're very, very desperate.
Speaking of desperate, hey, Andrew, how are you doing?
Wonderful.
I ain't desperate for nothing.
Oh, really?
Anyway, how about a good joke?
All right, in that break, during... In that break, we played a bunch of stuff from Dancing Sage Fever... Fever?
Fee-ger?
Fever!
Dancing Sage... Feces, yes.
Yes.
and in Dancing Stage Faces, that's a joke for you Sacramento people, in Dancing Stage Faces we have Asa Bass with All That She Wants, Dexy's Midnight Runners with Come On Eileen and Thin Lizzy with The Boys Are Back In Town.
And maybe later on in the show we'll play some of the less good tracks from it, so we'll see.
I came on Eileen.
What'd you say, Loki?
I came on Eileen.
Well, the song did say come on Eileen.
All right.
I figure, even though it's episode number 69, I figured we'd start the show off as we always do, with a little bit of, how was your day, how was your week?
So let's go around and see how everybody's day and their week was.
I will start tonight, because I never start this segment off, so I'm going to start.
Yesterday was the one and only, for those of you in NorCal, Wreck-A-Con.
Which is a small convention they did at a community college for anime and video games and all that dorky fun stuff.
And they did this at a community college in Pittsburgh, California, which is in the East Bay.
And this was my very first anime convention.
And Pixie Dust just had her period right through her pants.
That is amazing.
What the hell did you do, Pixie Dust?
Give her a mic.
Give her a mic.
Oh, that's definitely sweet.
The power's off.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you!
That wasn't even a joke.
Did you catch that?
He just made another nonsense joke.
So it's not really that great.
It just looks like it was a painting, so it's okay.
It just looks like... It just looks like she got rammed so hard that she's bleeding right now.
We won't talk about last night, Rob.
Well, they missed by a long shot, because that's your thigh, and nowhere near where it needs to be.
Well, right here, you know...
Anyway, RekkaCon, hello.
I think we have people listening today that actually went to RekkaCon yesterday.
So hello to all our new listeners that were at RekkaCon yesterday.
Because I whored out the station and the business cards and Jahi, bless his little heart, let me get on the mic and kind of plug things too.
So that was very nice of him.
Thank you, Jahi.
So, what did you guys think of RekkaCon?
Did you guys have a good time?
What kind of stuff did you guys do?
Anything you saw for the first time, got to play for the first time, things like that?
No styling?
I just walked around, man.
You just walked around?
You were just there for the people?
Yeah.
That's like me.
Basically, that's it.
That's like me.
There hasn't been any DDR tournaments in NorCal really lately.
There was one a couple weeks ago, but I couldn't go.
So this was kind of like a chance for me to see everybody because I haven't seen them in a long time.
Did you get to play any new interesting games or did you buy anything at the expo or anything like that?
Oh, it's completely broken.
I thought nothing was necessary.
Okay.
I have to ask, no milkshakes?
No, no milkshakes.
Oh, okay.
None at all.
None at all.
What the fuck?
I find that weird, you know, just everybody comes up to me and says milkshake.
Well, okay, I'm just going to say it.
Your online personality and your in-life personality are so different.
So, so different, no stylist.
I mean, not that it's a bad thing, I'm just saying.
Now it looks like I peed on myself since I tried to clean it up.
Why don't you hand the mic off to Angel over there?
Angel, what did you think of WreckerCon?
Sweet.
Did you get to play any new games for the first time or do anything?
That Tycho one.
Tycho no Tatooine?
The drum game?
I mean, hi.
I got to see the... Did somebody just say that Janae had a maxi period?
That was horrible.
Die.
Anyway, Angel, yesterday, Wreck-It-Con.
Let's see.
I almost brought Battle Royale manga, but I resisted.
Because you're poor.
I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding.
Um, not really, but yeah, I mean, there's better things I should be saving for at the moment, so.
Um, yeah, so is life.
Excuse me.
That's cool.
Anyway.
Did you meet anybody new yesterday you hadn't met before?
Shahi, Mr. Wendell, obviously no style in.
Um, Iwonaoki2DX, StaplerX, let's see, I could go on and on.
Um, and a bunch of their friends who came over.
Dragon Quest Slime Morimori Adventures
Yes, the Dragon Quest with a real sword.
That game looked so sweet.
I didn't get a chance to play it.
It was the most popular thing in the game room, and everybody was kind of crowded around it, but it looked really cute.
I wanted to play it, but I love the way the enemies are drawn.
They updated all the enemies, like the slimes.
Well, not just cel-shaded, but they made them look sweet.
Yeah, the cel-shaded, the redone, it looks good.
It plays pretty well.
I was kind of surprised, though.
I was thinking that the Dragon Quest Sword game was going to be just like... Somebody had told me, oh, it's just the very first Dragon Quest, except you use a sword as a controller.
I was like, well, that's kind of weird.
But it's actually this whole new original game.
It kind of struck me as like a Super Scope game to me.
It looked a lot like a game you'd be playing with a Super Scope.
Like you'd be shooting the slimes, but instead you use the sword.
That was fun.
Good times.
We got to meet a lot of new faces.
Basically met everyone that Angel met.
Yep.
We had a good time.
We watched some AMVs in the video room.
What were some good music videos you guys saw?
The chibi things that kill.
A complete waste of 6 minutes and 45 seconds.
Okay.
And...
This one to In The Navy, where they started spoofing all these Battle Cruiser animes.
Interesting.
Okay.
Cool deal.
So yeah, Wreck-It-Con was just, it was great.
It was my first convention.
I've never been to any kind of anime or geek convention, really, ever, unless you count Rocky Horror Conventions.
Those are kind of geeky.
But actually, that's more of like a sex thing, because people get laid at those, except me.
But anyway, but ironically enough, a Rocky Horror Convention was the very first place I ever played DDR.
but anyway, that was my first non-RockyCon and good times, I just like getting to see people I don't know much about anime, I don't really watch a lot of it admittedly I'm one of those few DDR players that just
I've seen a couple Miyazaki films, and I watched Pokemon back when it was cool, but I haven't really gotten as into anime.
I kind of rely on Jamie for all that.
She's really into anime, and she just kind of tells me what's good and what's not.
And Loki, being the hookup, also knows some good and not good things.
But I saw a lot of great cosplayers.
There were some cute cosplayers.
There was a lot of Final Fantasy cosplayers, and I'm always a sucker for anything Final Fantasy.
And there were some X2 characters...
and there was a whole little group that had like a Squall and a Yuffie and all this stuff in it.
It was really cute.
And one thing that made me very happy is that there was a Mai.
Somebody came dressed as Mai from Final Fight.
So that made me happy.
Or not Final Fight, Fatal Fury.
That made me happy.
Because I love Mai.
Link was cool.
Oh yeah, they had not just one, but like two people dressed up as Link.
Actually, they had a Link and a Saria.
and later on they had like after the cosplay they had karaoke so we had like a guy dressed up as Zell singing Invoke rather well too and if you've ever been to an anime convention at all Ramen and Rice had shown up to this one as well oh my god now people tell me Ramen and Rice are at every single anime convention in the area so it's kind of like but this is the first time I saw them and I was like
They are so cool.
These girls play like everything on their violins.
I want to get some of their stuff for the station.
I should email, do some emails.
I'm a violinist myself, and they're awesome.
Oh, I would have thought you were a pianist.
No, but I have one.
Crap.
Be more funny.
Follow your advice.
Anyway, we wound up requesting, like, Butterfly and Scars of Time from Carameldansen.
Damn you!
Damn you!
You're the one that got them to play Butterfly.
Yes, I'm the one that got them to play Butterfly.
I hope you die, and you burn in hell.
Just kidding.
It's pretty hot in this room already.
Walked right into the pianist's quote, didn't you, Magus?
I would have given my left nut to hear them play Scars of Time.
I'm so sad I didn't stay around for that.
I bet it kicked ass.
Well, I did, and I still have mine.
I did hear them play some stuff from Final Fantasy X, though, which made me all horny, because it was great.
Well, uh, see, at the time they played Scars of Time, you hadn't gotten there yet, Mr. Fashionably Late.
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, bitch.
I'm just kidding.
Love you.
Oh, really?
Let's take it outside.
In a good way.
Oh, really?
In a good way.
Um...
Wow, we have lots of new faces in our chat room tonight, so just hello to all our new chatters.
I see Captain Canada in here tonight, we haven't had him in a while.
Jahi's here tonight, hello.
It was so great seeing you with Kanye yesterday, and I see S-Ghost, somebody new I haven't seen before.
Violent Hypergirl's here, I haven't seen her in a long time.
and all sorts of people.
XVI, as he likes to be called.
Brandon, all these people I don't get to talk to too much.
But they're in the chat room tonight, so hello.
Head on over to www.cali.com.
Click on Orange Lounge and click on chat to join our chat room.
Jahi, by the way.
One of the greatest MCs I've ever seen.
I swear to God I want him to MC a DDR tournament.
Yesterday I would see him on the mic and people were breakdancing and stuff and he's sitting there going, you know, he's doing his thing.
I can't even impersonate it so great.
He's doing his thing.
And then like I come back an hour later and there he goes.
He's still going and he's into it.
He's a man.
He's a man.
You've got to come up and be on the show sometime.
Anyway, so also on How Was My Week, How Was My Day, something worth noting, talking about is this thing that I did on Thursday.
I got asked to promote Orange Lounge Radio in a way at this local high school.
I judged a local high school's American Idol style competition.
And it was very interesting.
I don't know if anybody from there is listening tonight.
Probably not because they only mentioned the station like twice.
I only gave out one business card to...
The guy who I thought was most talented out of everybody Mostly because he wrote his own music And it was fucking funny It was something like Adam Sandler would have done And I'm actually in talks with him right now Trying to get a song of his to spin on the show So you guys can see what I'm talking about But it was very interesting because it was
Me, and two interns from one of the local Sacramento stations, or I don't know, they work in the promotions department or something like that, and two teachers.
So it was supposed to be like all these local celebrities, and I was going to be like the nobody, but I ended up being the only one that actually was on a radio program of any kind, so that was kind of interesting.
I also ended up being the asshole judge, because I was the only one...
Willing to say anything remotely constructive about anybody.
Because everybody, all the other judges are like, Oh my God, you were so great.
You were just like Clay Aiken.
You're better than Clay Aiken.
Oh my God.
You should be an American Idol, okay?
You have an awesome voice.
Yeah, and then the one guy was like, You have an awesome voice.
You are going to go far.
And then the next person was like, You're going to go so far because you have an awesome voice.
And then the next person would come up and go, You...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
You know, type thing.
And then there was another girl.
This was the one that pissed me off, though.
This was weird because I haven't been back to high school in a long time.
This was the first time I'd kind of... Shut up.
Shut up.
I graduated in 96.
Fuck you.
Seven years ago, bitch.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You thought.
Well, you need to think more next time.
I'm just kidding.
I love you.
You've been a bad girl.
I'm going to punish you.
I haven't set foot in a high school in a long time and I remembered why.
There was this one girl up there who, I guess she wasn't that popular or something because she did her thing.
She was singing Hit We With Her Best Shot.
And she was doing a good job.
I mean, I would have liked to have seen her get into it a little more.
But she, you know, had a lot of courage to get up there on stage.
And she was having fun with it.
It looked like she had a lot of fun with it.
And of course it goes, and the first person goes, it goes, Oh my God, you were really great.
You're just like Kelly Clarkson.
And you're going to be better than her.
And then the next person got up and goes,
You have a totally awesome voice and it's going to take you so far in life.
And then somebody else in the audience goes, these people in the audience start yelling, liar!
And while it was like mildly amusing, I was like, okay, that's fucked up and you shouldn't do that when this girl, this poor girl is getting up on stage, you know, making a fool out of herself for your entertainment.
So the mic got over to me and I said, hey, you know what?
Girl, you got a lot of balls to get up here on stage and do that.
And you're going to go, you know, you're going to be able to accomplish a lot in life, unlike some of these people who will be sitting in the dark forever.
And then the guys in the audience are like, rubble, rubble, rubble.
And the teacher next to me leaned over and said, thank you for saying that.
And that made me feel good.
Because I hate assholes.
I hate them.
And most people in high school were just like the ones I hated.
And would call me fag all the time and stuff.
And they need to, like, burn in hell.
Because they suck.
I don't care if they were right, Nelly.
It doesn't matter.
That's beside the point.
You're missing the point.
Anyway, that was my week and my day.
Loki, how was your week and your day?
Not that eventful.
I built a computer and upgraded my... Well, I upgraded mine so much that I pretty much built another computer.
So...
It's odd because this computer runs like Final Fantasy XI really nice.
It's like, just with all the settings on high, it still runs good.
Yet, it won't run ConquerCam, and yet I'm downloading off the internet and I'm only getting like 1kbps.
So it's like, I don't get it.
So I don't, whatever, it's fine I guess.
But it's, you know, I've got a larger hard drive and I have a computer for my cabinets.
I had to go to Fry's a lot this weekend.
That sucked.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Went to that thing that Rob was talking about, and that was okay.
Yeah, I didn't do much.
My week was awesome.
It will take me far in life.
Yelled at people today.
Mostly Andrew.
Yeah, that's about it.
I didn't do much.
Okay, let's hear from some of our guests then, Pixie Dust.
I know you've got a lot to say.
I didn't have my period on my pants.
It was peanut butter sauce, god damn it.
But before that, how was your week?
What did you do this week?
I haven't seen you in like two months.
I know.
Nothing's gone.
You made me sad.
No, I didn't.
I made you relieved that you didn't have to put up with my period down there.
Oh, shut up.
Well, how was your week?
What did you do?
What did I do this week?
I fucking don't know.
It just went by.
Or should I say, who did you do this week?
There's this strange guy behind me, and yeah, he's been kissing me all weekend long, so I don't know.
I picked him up off the side of the road.
Did you?
How much did it cost you?
You're pretty cheap.
You're like five cents, right?
No, seriously, school, work has like occupied all my time.
So I haven't been doing much of anything except been home on the phone.
Have you gotten out to play any Bomani recently or anything?
No.
Now you, I haven't, we haven't had you on the show in a long time.
Did you ever pick up Max 2 for the home?
No comment on that.
Oh.
Kind of, yeah.
Oh, I see a little bitterness there.
I have a little bitterness towards someone.
Oh, okay, I won't say no more.
And you guys all know.
I won't say no more.
I don't know, who is it?
It's alright.
It's you!
You bastard!
It's alright.
And, basically, I spotted, this fool came up to see me, so, you know.
And you went to Rekikon, yes?
And I went to Rekikon.
And I called in sick to work.
Shame on you.
You called in sick to work to go to Rekakon?
I called in sick to work because Victor came up.
Oh, I see.
Not to see your asses.
Oh, I see how it is.
No, we, no.
Shut up.
Bitch, pass that mic.
I'm just kidding.
It's mine now.
She almost said what I want.
You're an ass.
You're an ass.
But yeah, it's been good.
I miss you, Rob.
Oh, I missed you too.
I missed Loki too.
But don't tell Nellie that.
The chatroom was reminding me of a good thing.
The chatroom was reminding me of a good thing that happened at the con.
Something kind of funny.
Richie, EvilMalky2DX, one of the folks at Frigasaur chatroom.
He caught on fire.
No, I'm kidding.
What?
He did not.
No, I'm kidding.
God, people.
You're gullible.
Look up gullible.
Oof.
He had this sign that said, I like maids.
When I first saw him there at the con, we were all outside.
And I'm like, Richie, I think I saw a maid cosplayer inside.
And it was just like, boom!
Have you ever seen one of those Roadrunner cartoons?
Oh, it was you.
I'm sorry.
It was Magus who said it.
I thought it.
You said it.
And have you seen one of those Roadrunner cartoons where it's just like, bing, bing, bing!
That was like Richie.
It was like, oh, there's a maid cosplayer inside.
Bing, bing, bing, bing!
No one noticed me.
I was surprised.
Well, you know us, we know who you are.
But a lot of people don't know who you are.
They don't know you're the Orange Lounge, madame.
Yes, I am.
I'm the only one with my foot behind my head.
That's the only reason they named me that.
No one noticed me.
I guess I was kind of plain the other day.
Anything exciting today?
Hmm.
Cake.
And fried Twinkies.
Alright, no styling.
Let's hear from no silence.
I know he doesn't talk much in person compared to online, but we'll try to get something out of him.
No, I'm two different people, you know.
What?
Yeah, you're on.
Okay, I'm two different people from like online and, you know, real life.
It's okay.
I'm just making this observation.
I would be a little scared if you were kind of bouncing off your walls and changing your nickname every five seconds like you do on IRC, but that's okay.
Multi-personalities, yeah.
It's all good.
Oh, just talk about Angel, all of you?
Okay, I realize this is episode 69 and all, but let's not make me barf, okay, from all this lovey-dovey chat, because I'm the only single person in this room right now who's not dating someone else in the room.
So I feel really like a seventh wheel right now.
Okay, I'll tell you this.
Coming back from Hollywood Video, first time coming to Sacramento and everything, and whoever designs these layouts for these stores and malls, you know,
This huge rock, I ran over this rock and I was clinging like in mid-air.
It was hilarious.
We were like hovering.
Oh my god, a rock.
I was like, I was on the passenger side and I was like, what the fuck did you hit?
I thought it was a fire hydrant.
I was like, well that was an interesting part.
But it was like, oh shit.
So, that was interesting.
Well, I'm taking your time.
That's cool.
And that's pretty much my day.
Or week.
Alright, alright.
Angel, how was your week?
Hi, Rob.
Hi, how are you?
Good.
Didn't your local Scandia get a new Bomani game recently?
Percussion Freaks.
Percussion Freaks.
Now, not Drum Freaks, but Percussion Freaks.
Well, it's Drum Mania, but I mean, it's Drum Mania.
I know, but it's a different name, so that makes it worth talking about.
Well, I suppose it's a different name, except for the fact that it still says Drum Mania on the stupid machine.
Have you gotten a chance to play it at all?
No.
Oh, well then fuck it.
Tell us about your week.
Um, let's see.
I pretty much worked all week except for like school on Thursday, which I was sick for, so I didn't go, but that's okay.
Um, then I just pretty much waited out the rest of the week until I got here.
So yay.
Anyway.
I'm going to be boring now.
Boring and monotoned and meh.
Pie!
Mmm, pie.
Andrew, the 69th Magus, how was your week, how was your day?
Uh, week, long and hard, like, never mind.
Um, over.
Over.
But, uh, kind of went through the motions of
Just going to school, just, yes, I'm making all these terrible puns, and just went to school, went home, went to school, went home, went to school, went home, went to school, went home, all week, and finally, Saturday rolled around, went to Rekticon, and wee, fun.
So, rest of the week was boring, weekend is just all hyper and happy and shit.
If I hear the 5678 song one more time, I swear to... Oh, shit.
No, not twisted earth.
You should see... Nellie, you should see what else I can whistle.
You blow well.
I can blow these lips very well, Nellie.
He's quite talented at the meat flute.
Alright, we're going to take a break and when we come back we'll talk about some more Barmani.
And I think we will have ourselves a cage match.
But the rules for the cage match tonight are a little bit different.
I'll be in the cage actually dancing topless.
So stay tuned for that because we're going to have ourselves a cage match when we come back.
And we'll talk about a whole bunch of other stuff too.
This break we're going to do a segment of a bunch of Mr. T songs.
Because Mr. T rocks.
And I'm not talking about I pity the fool.
I pity the fool who takes my gold chain.
I'm talking about that other Mr. T. The one that we all know from Bomani.
We'll be back.
Thanks for watching!
From the Setsquad to Orange Labs, this PDR sucks!
Holla!
Suck!
Suck!
Suck!
Suck!
Suck!
Suck!
Suck!
I mean, alright, we're back and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 69.
And as promised, we're going to get into a cage match here very shortly, but I thought this was worth talking about this week.
Loki, I know you've been somewhat involved in this.
There's been this movement going on lately.
MTV is holding this contest and they are naming the best game of the millennium.
Now, of course, we're only three years into the millennium, but they're going to name the best game of the whole damn millennium anyway.
Up for nomination?
DDR.
This is MTV and Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Milkshake.
Also up for nomination?
Halo.
The Final Fantasy series, the Super Mario series, yada, yada, yada.
Loki, tell us more about what's been going on, trying to flood the channels with votes for DDR.
It's really stupid.
MTV is really genius, and they allowed people to vote more than once for their game.
So obviously that opens it up for, hey, let's make a script, and I'm going to go ahead and vote for my game millions of times.
And so that's what everyone did, at least the people that are voting for Halo and DDR.
So this went on for like two days, and then finally MTV closed their polls, and they were like, okay, find out the results on January 2nd.
Okay, so that... And we thought, okay, they're done.
So pretty much, you know, Halo and DDR are going to win, you know, according to that.
And DDR was in the lead.
Then for some reason, people thought you could still vote after the polls closed.
So they kept doing it, and doing it, and doing it.
And finally, they opened the polls again, supposedly changing their script, or their, like, webpage or whatever, their submission thing, so that you can't, you know, do this multiple voting thing, yet it's still getting through.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It wasn't like a program, but it was a web page that would refresh like 10 frames over and over again with the voting page.
And we had this artist up to 98% of the vote for the Viewer's Choice Award.
And the day of the MTV Awards, they posted a message on there that said, Well, this person won the web vote, but we're only going to count the phone votes for the real award.
So stay tuned tonight and see who wins.
And a completely different person won.
So MTV, you know what?
If they want to just throw out the web votes, they'll do it.
And what they're going to do is they're going to keep all the advertising dollars for all those banners that loaded.
Because think of it.
Every time you refresh that page, that's like three more banners.
Because MTV.com is full of logos.
Three more banners that load.
So you vote a million times, you're giving MTV $1,000 from all that refreshing.
So kind of something to think about.
At least that's the way I look at it.
You have something to say, Pixies?
Yes.
Well, you want to know something more pathetic than that?
The search for Miss Applebottom on VH1, where they're searching for the woman with the perfect butt.
And the choice host of that is Nelly.
This Nelly?
Not this Nelly.
Nelly with the band-aid.
Oh, boy.
It's getting hot in here.
It's so pathetic.
There was nothing but big booty black girls and adult models there.
I can make it clap!
Look, I do not want to hear about your twat clapping, okay?
I would have thought J-Lo would have been a judge on that show.
She has the queen of all butts.
I have the king, she has the queen.
I literally have a king-sized butt.
Are you the flying duchess?
Yes, because it's so wide.
I'm like, I like Sarah Ferguson, I have like a wide ass.
Yeah.
I like how you throw that, unlike Sarah Ferguson.
Well, you know what's weird is that they're going to be doing that Partridge Family redo pretty soon, too.
I mean...
Oh, Mavis, aren't you in that?
VH1 is a network I'll watch occasionally because they actually play some good videos.
I mean, this is how I know I'm getting old.
Because I prefer VH1 to MTV.
The music on MTV I don't like as much as I like the music on VH1.
It's like, oh God, am I getting old?
Because I prefer the station that plays things like, you know, that kind of skew a little bit older, like Sting and Coldplay and Sarah McLachlan.
And bands that don't play on MTV a lot.
I'm like, am I getting old?
So this is kind of one reason I don't care about the MTV polls.
I don't watch MTV, so I care less who wins.
But word has come from some of the folks from Team Seattle that MTV was actually out there in Seattle filming some stuff just in case.
So if DDR does win, you can expect to see some massive bar raping on MTV.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Much love for Seattle.
So it's just, either way, it's going to happen.
It's just going to be sad.
And you know, I'm almost willing to bet Microsoft's going to win.
Or you know what?
I'm going to be willing to bet that Grand Theft Auto Vice City wins, no matter what.
That's the thing, because it's trendy to like a Grand Theft Auto by Cindy.
It would be like avant-garde for MTV to give the award, because we're going to give the award to a controversial game where you shoot hookers, where you fuck the women and then blow their heads off.
That's going to be the best game of the millennium.
That sums up 2003 right there.
Grand Theft Auto 3.
It's just going to be so retarded.
I just don't like MTV.
Thanks for watching!
Okay, the exposure of DDR to anybody on MTV was that stupid fucking Wade Robson commercial.
That's all they fucking know.
All they know is Afro Man and fucking all his stupid shit like, Oh, you have to go up and do it and do the side.
Oh!
I'm like, I don't want DDR on MTV.
I don't want those people playing my game.
Stay off my dance pad.
Get off.
Like those little girls that come in.
Alright, the new thing is going to be Karaoke Revolution.
Here's...
Goodie fucking goodie.
No style in that something he wants to say?
Um, no.
Oh, well don't tease me like that.
Um.
Oh, but Rob, you love to be teased.
I do love to be teased.
Oh.
We'll talk a little more about Karaoke Revolution and things like that after this cage match we're going to have.
Now, as I promised, tonight is a little different of a cage match.
And because it's a different cage match, we have different music.
I just like to hear y'all mocha.
So, tonight we are having what's called a reverse cage match.
The reason why we're having a reverse cage match tonight is because Jamie left for Alabama and assumed that her song would win for two more weeks and forgot to give me... No, I think she just forgot because she was really busy packing everything.
She forgot to give me two more songs for cage match.
or if she told me, I've forgotten, it's my bad.
So what we've decided we'd do tonight is we'd table the cage match, because we all know Loki's song probably would have won again anyway, because he won last week with Battle Without Honor or Humanity, the 88-7 Lens Mix, which we'll play later in the show for those who... Oh shit, no I don't.
I guess we won't be playing it later in the show, because I don't have the mp3 of it.
Rob?
Yes?
Oh my god, it's a cheeseburger!
Anyway, I guess I can't play because I don't have the MP3 of it.
Unless somebody in the chatroom I sent it to can send it back to me because it was on Loki's old computer, which is not operative right now.
Anyway, tonight in the reverse cage match, this is what's going to happen.
Loki and I, between, we're each going to put in two songs that we believe are some of the worst things we've ever heard.
And they're going to be Bomani or Dance Mania related in some way.
And you guys will vote for the absolute worst song that you heard.
And the loser will be banned from Orange Lounge Radio indefinitely.
You will never hear this song on the station ever again.
Ever.
We will ban the song.
It's gone.
All right, so Loki and I are going to pick two songs each, so you're going to vote for the song you hate the most, the song you want to leave tonight.
All right, so that's the reverse cage match.
Instead of picking a song to win and be in rotation all week long, you're going to pick for a song to lose and be banned indefinitely.
All right, so first up is going to be my first pick, and it's actually a song from Dancing Stage Fever.
How exciting!
This is a song that you can actually dance to in Dancing Stage Fever.
So even if it gets banned from the station indefinitely, you'll still be able to play it if you really, really want to.
Here's my pick for tonight's reverse cage match to ban from the station.
It's the Spice Girls with Wannabe.
Enjoy!
If you want my future, forget my past If you wanna get with me, better make it fast Now don't go wasting my precious time Get your act together, we could be just fine I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want Don't tell me what you want, what you really, really want
If you wanna be my lover You gotta get with my friends Make it last forever Friendship never ends If you wanna be my lover You have got to give Thinking is too easy But that's the way it is If you wanna be my lover You gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta Make it last forever Somebody's got a mind It's all about Somebody's got a mind
All right, that was song number one in tonight's reverse cage match for worst song ever to be banned from the station.
Spice Girls was one of the... Let's go around and see what people thought of that and rate it on a scale of one to ten.
Pixie Dust.
All I gotta say is, I have Scary Spice hair, so I love that song.
Dammit.
Reminds me of my youth, you fuckface.
Dammit!
Fuck you.
I want that song.
My favorite song's still one.
Well, if you give it a one, that means you think it's bad.
Oh, I'll give it a ten!
Alright.
I thought we were doing it in reverse.
Okay.
Okay.
I thought you were doing it in reverse.
No, you still vote on 1 to 10, 10 being good, 1 being bad.
So you give it a 10?
It's not as good as some Spice Girls songs, but, you know, well.
All right.
Angel.
Yes, Rob?
Yes.
Um, well, yeah, I guess old school or something.
Not really old school, but something from my childhood or whatever.
Teenage years.
Um, it's okay.
They're just...
There, okay?
Specials are just there.
Whatever.
Alright.
Hell, six.
Okay.
Yeah, I didn't like them anyway.
No styling.
No styling.
I really liked the Spice Girls when I was young and everything, but... Yeah, yeah, I know.
It's a high school film, but I give it a four.
Alright.
Magus.
Magus.
I think J.K.
in the chatroom said it best when he said that he'd like to bang about three out of five of them, but he'd rather they keep the dick in their mouth so he doesn't have to hear them.
Zero!
Bye-bye!
All right.
No.
It's a zing for him, not for me.
My vote is be glad it wasn't Spice Up Your Life, okay?
I know that whole song.
So I give it a two.
I know that whole song, and I love that whole song.
Up next, Loki, your first pick, because we're each putting in two songs tonight because Jamie's not here, so we're going to have four songs to pick from.
Loki, what's your first song tonight that you're going to nominate to be banned from Orange Lounge forever?
This song is like the worst song ever.
You guys seem to like it, so you know what?
I hope it's gone.
Leave.
It's done.
This is lame.
I give you fucking Holic.
Vote for Holic, you bitch.
You fucking bitch and whiny.
You can't vote for Holic.
Vote for it now.
All right, so Loki is putting in Holic to be banned from the station forever because he's sick of people trying to vote for it in the cage match.
So here we go.
Song number two to be banned tonight.
This is Tack with Holic.
Alright, that was song number two to be voted for eviction from Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
That was Tack with Holic, and Loki's trying to be cute because everybody always votes for Holic in our cage matches, so he just wants that song off the station so people don't try to vote for that shit anymore.
But you guys, here's your say.
What do you think of Tack with Holic?
It's Tack, it's Holic, it's holorific.
One to ten.
Just for Jamie, I'd give it a 10.
Alright, Angel.
It's tackified, it has to stay 10.
Alright, no styling.
Oh, I'd give it a nice 10.
Alright.
Magus.
It's tack, need I say more?
10.
Alright.
Run, because it sucks.
It's the same damn song over and over again.
He thought he was all cool by, you know...
I'm doing it in 7, 4, you know, measures, whatever.
Sucks.
Lame.
Lame song.
Sounds like every single other song is done.
Alright.
I'll give you the one already.
I give it a 9.
Because I'm just not going to give it a 10.
Because I'm just that big of a prick.
Alright.
Song number 3 tonight is my pick, and it's a Dance Mania pick.
This comes from Dance Mania EX1.
And it's a cover song.
And it's a cover of a song that was really famous because it was in a movie once.
And the name of the group that covers it is called Bushida.
And this is their cover of My Heart Will Go On.
My pick for tonight.
One!
One!
One!
One!
My Heart Will Go On.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
Alright, I decided to save you by only playing half of that, because it goes on for four minutes.
That was My Heart Will Go On, by... I don't even remember the name of it.
Originally by Celine Dion, but on Dance Mania EX1, that was by Bushida.
I'm sorry, not EX1, Dance Mania X1, that's by Bushida.
Your guys' thoughts, Pixie Dust.
It's covered of Celine Dion.
It made me fucking die!
Bastard!
I hate playing Neon, so... I'll give this a zero on my list.
Alright, Angel.
Um, no.
Die.
One.
Uh, no Skyland.
I give it a zero.
You know, 0.1.
I don't like this song at all.
Alright, Magus.
Zero.
Goodbye!
Uh, Loki.
It gets a ten because that movie was so sad.
Oh my god.
He's so gone and she's so sad because her love died and became a popsicle.
I am the world's greatest singer and I give my song a ten because I have six crannies and you have none.
Next thing you know, it's Lane Dion Hot Pockets.
All right.
Loki, the final pick in tonight's reverse cage match.
For song to be banned from Orange Lounge forever, what's your pick?
You know, they saved my other song from being put in here, because it probably would have gotten voted off, and now you'd be subjected to it even more.
Well, the song I was going to pick was Eddie Murphy, Party All the Time, but...
We like that song.
So instead, we've got Nancy and the Boys, a wonderful speed group who sucks because it's speed music, doing Complicated.
So eat this.
Alright, from Speed 10, this is Nancy and the Boys with Complicated.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Oh my god, I'm so glad we did this tonight.
The chatroom reactions to these songs are fucking priceless.
This is great.
We've got to do this again.
Such classic lines as, she sounds like a meth addict.
I heard that when I was over at Garrett's house when he first got C-10.
We just rolled on the floor laughing from that crap.
It's unfortunately better than Avril, but, you know.
Who the fuck either turned up or changed the speed on the record player to where it's like, or just, who scratched it by Avril Lavigne CD?
I mean, mine?
Maybe it was Pixie's.
Fuck you.
I don't have Avril.
I have fucking Nancy in the voice.
Get it right, bitch.
No.
On a scale of one to ten.
Angel.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
One being low and ten being high.
One, bitch.
No styling.
Your thoughts on Nancy in the voice.
My thoughts and thoughts is too fast and it sounds like, you know, Disney World or whatever.
I give it a one.
All right.
One.
Magus.
Guy.
Zero.
Loki.
Zero.
I give it a 2.
The song almost killed Andrew over there, so it's got some power to it.
I give this song a 10, and I'm telling you why.
I almost peed my pants laughing at the chatroom reactions during that song, and that is worth something.
Alright.
Let's see, Rob, you almost peed your pants in Vegas or almost died?
and I almost peed my pants on a dead magus.
So what?
Alright.
That could be a fetish film.
Alright, here are your choices.
Remember, tonight is a reverse cage match.
The song that wins, quote unquote, if we can call it that, will be banned from Orange Lounge for all eternity.
Here we go.
Here's a recap.
You vote for the song you want to ban.
Alright, here we go.
Spice Girls with Wannabe, choice number one.
If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get with my friends Making love forever, friendship never ends Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is kind of surprising, but it's Tack with Holic
Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is from Dance Mia X1.
It's a cover of Celine Dion with My Heart Will Go On.
Alright, and song number four you can vote for tonight from Speed 10, Nancy and the Boys with Complicated.
Alright, there you go.
Place vote now.
Those votes come a private message to me, Sky, in the chat room.
Alright.
Oh, wow.
I'm loving the reactions.
They're like, no, don't do the recaps.
Don't play them again, please, for the love of God.
Alright, we'll tie those votes momentarily.
Nellie, you had an interesting opinion on Nancy the Boy's Complicated.
I loved it.
It's beautiful.
Why did you love it and think it's beautiful?
It's funny.
It sounds like the chipmunks.
Yeah, why do people buy Chipmunks albums?
This is what I want to know.
The Chipmunks, maybe were funny in the 50s, but they're not funny now.
Because they're only two bucks.
Alright.
It's cheap entertainment, like you, Rob.
Because all you've got to do is slow down the song, and it's the real song.
The real song.
Yeah.
Alright.
Nancy and the boys should die of chlamydia, from what I understand.
And they...
You can't, a song can't die of chlamydia.
AIDS maybe, but not chlamydia.
You know what, we should send them to Elephant Bar and they can die of hepatitis.
Alright.
Hey, if there's a tie tonight, you guys, we'll kick both songs off.
How's that sound?
Yay!
There probably will be.
I'm thinking there's going to be.
If there's a tie tonight, guess what other song gets voted off?
Yeah, that's right, Holic.
Holic in the song.
I think I see some votes coming in for Holic, so you never know.
My Holic could win, we'll see.
and that Jamie is going to be a pissed off woman if she hears the Holic got banned from the station.
She's going to have my head.
She will never... Not like that, you sick fucks.
She can possibly quit the show if Holic gets banned.
I know Holic's not going to get banned.
Come on, look at the other crap we played.
We'll see what happens, though.
We'll see what happens.
Alright.
So...
Let's go into some other Bomani news.
Maybe the chat room will calm down a bit if we talk about some other things.
Everybody breathe in.
Breathe out.
Alright, alright.
I'm also in Bomani news this week.
Don't touch there, Rob!
Time Magazine, DDR Freak is reporting, that Time Magazine has named as Game of the Year for 2003, Karaoke Revolution.
Why?
Why?
Dead silence.
What do you guys think?
What do you guys think of this?
I'd like to hear Loki's thoughts on Karaoke Revolution, having played this.
Um, it just came out.
How can they, like, say, oh, it's awesome!
Like, awesome!
Oh, wow!
Like, totally freaked me out, I forgot it on!
How did they, like, you know, how'd they come up with that?
I mean, that's just really stupid.
This game rocks, because you can sing the songs!
Do you think it's possibly because it's innovative and people like these innovative games and they think it's going to start a revolution?
Isn't that innovative?
Oh yeah, karaoke was just invented by Konami!
Woo!
But what about the eye toy?
I think the eye toy is way more innovative than karaoke revolution.
Yeah, but you can't sing with poorly recorded cover artists.
Hey, one of those poorly recorded cover artists is one of Angel's friends.
Any point.
Asshole!
God!
All right.
Not like me.
So, Time Magazine named Karaoke Revolution.
Max 2 never got named Game of the Anything.
Ultramix won't get named Game of the Anything.
DDR is just getting shit on left and right.
It may win MTV's poll.
Oh, goody.
What about Enter the Matrix?
That was an awesome game.
Oh boy, you forgot about that one.
Guess it was better than the movies, right?
I'm just kidding.
It was better than Karaoke Revolution.
Karaoke Revolution is kind of retarded.
All it is is you're basically just taking your home console and singing with it.
Poorly.
Singing poorly with it.
That is just me.
And a lot of other people.
All you're doing is encouraging them.
God damn it.
If there's anything in this world we need is encouraging stupid people.
Why do we need to encourage them?
God damn it.
You won't let the stupid Chinese lady just stop asking me for samples.
No, you have to go and interject.
You have to go, Oh, yes, I will take a sample.
We people want samples.
I want to ask them now.
And so, you just won't stop.
Same with this goddamn thing.
People sometimes weren't meant to sing.
Just a fact.
Don't sing.
And this gives them a false hope that someday they'll become a singing superstar.
And in the meantime, they have to torture us with their horrible renditions of crap.
Including complicated.
Lame.
No.
Game of the year?
I think not.
But you seemed to have a good time when you played this game.
Oh yeah, great time was had by me.
Not...
Okay.
Alright, Pixie Dust.
This game encourages my Filipino relatives to go and buy an Xbox and play Karaoke Revolution.
Actually, it's on the PS2, dear.
Oh, PS2.
I thought it was on Xbox.
No, Xbox is Ultramix.
Oh, okay.
I bet you anything Xbox will get a karaoke revolution if it sells well on PS2.
I bet you anything.
It encourages my aunts to go, oh, that's karaoke.
Oh, shit.
Okay, we'll go get that and we'll get some wine and beer and smoke a lot and fight cocks all day long.
Yeah.
Filipino relatives.
Fight cocks.
Fight them.
Oh, fight cocks.
Cock fighting.
Yeah, why don't we just come out with like Blowjob Revolution or something like that, you know?
Didn't we have a list list like that one week where we were deciding what needs a Bomani game?
And I want to say something.
Yeah, I want to say Beat Your Meat Mania won that, actually.
I think it did.
Anyway.
Who knows what revolution Konami will try to start next.
Okay, we're going to take another break here.
And when we come back, we'll announce the winner of the cage match.
I have to take a break to tally the votes.
We have more votes tonight in tonight's cage match than I've ever seen in a cage match ever.
Which makes me think we need to do a reverse cage match every week.
Just kidding, just kidding.
Don't kill me.
Don't kill me.
Yeah, we'll end up having no songs on the station.
I'll just keep voting for Holic.
Also, are we going to get into this add-on crap later?
Absolutely.
When we come back, we're going to talk a little more about Ultramix since it is coming out this week after all.
In this break, just a random potpourri of stuff.
A couple songs from Guitar Freaks and something from DDR that I rather like.
And I know some of you listening like it too.
So enjoy these good songs.
After that little orgy of bad stuff.
And we'll be right back.
Of course, it's all relative.
You can hate all three of these songs.
But, well, sucks to be you.
We'll be back.
It's great man!
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network
Thanks for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
Alright, we're back.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And I have the winner, or should I say loser, of tonight's reverse cage match.
You are loser!
Just out of curiosity, what would you have voted for, gang, and what do you think is going to lose?
I'll tell you, tonight's loser...
Got 79% of the votes.
What do you think?
What do you think should lose?
What do you think will lose?
No silent.
Uh, the second song.
Holic?
You think Holic should lose?
You think Holic should lose or will lose?
Yeah, will lose.
You think Holic will lose?
Okay.
And, uh, the one will stay?
Well, that's it.
What would you want to kick out of the four of those?
Um...
The slow one, the Titanic song.
Okay, my heart will go on.
Yeah, that one.
Pixie Dust, what do you think will be booted and what would you do?
You have just got on Jamie's bad side for saying how it will be banned.
You fucker.
Avril, or Nancy and the Boys.
Will be banned?
Will be banned.
And what should be banned?
What should be banned?
Yeah.
Fucking Titanic song.
All right.
Angel, what song do you think got 79% of the vote tonight?
Probably the Avril Lavigne cover.
Okay, and what do you think should be?
Do you think it's rightfully so?
Either that or the Stupid Titanic song, sorry.
Alright.
Magus, what will be booted off tonight?
What should... Sadly, I think Holic will go...
All right, you think Holic's going to go tonight?
What do you think should go?
Definitely complicated.
Should have gone, but I have a feeling it's going to be Holic.
All right, we'll see.
Magus?
Momentarily.
I will kill you later.
What should go?
What do you think will go?
Not expressing opinion, just Holic should go because it sucks.
Actually, we should remove all tech music from this station.
Jamie will stab you for that.
If Jamie's listening, she's going to come back and shove one of those ferrets right up your ass.
Great.
Alright, but in all seriousness, what do you think will be voted tonight?
Holic?
Okay, well I already know who's losing.
And with 79% of the vote, the song You... I'm sorry, what's going on over there?
They're raping the ferrets!
Bastards!
Uh-huh.
Don't play with the ferrets.
Jamie would be upset.
Alright.
Don't play with the ferrets.
You're going to get beat up when Jamie comes back.
And I'm the one who's going to be here because two of these bastards live in frickin' the Bay Area.
Bastards.
Alright.
What?
Repeat that.
Oh, so the ferrets are stiff.
That's all I said.
Ferrets are all stiff.
Okay, Rob, I'll quiet them down.
Alright, yeah, would you get those... Would you get that... Get them all shutting up, please.
Alright, here we go.
Tonight's loser with 79% of the votes is... Complicated.
It is gone from this station forever.
Bye-bye.
That was my little car screeching noise.
All right.
Okay, so Complicated does get the boot from the station, and you will never hear it on this station ever again.
Even if somebody is trying to play Speed 10 in their entirety, they must skip track one, because you guys have voted Complicated off of the station.
Yeah, I can strip now.
So in celebration, Pixie Dust will be getting naked for you all right now.
Oh, except the cam's down tonight.
What a bummer.
Hey, Rob, where's the music?
What music?
Oh, I only have... My only stripping song was Complicated, so now I... Rob, you got your show yesterday at RecCon.
Wait, what?
You got your show yesterday at RecCon.
You got my... Oh, yeah, I did.
I did get it to show you.
I'll show you right now.
Arcadian is saying I should delete the file off my computer completely, and I think that is a good idea.
So, here we go.
I'm going to... I'm currently going in.
Here's my Dance Mania Speed 10 directory.
I'm going to Complicated, and I'm deleting it.
It says, do you want to send it to the recycle bin?
And I just click yes.
And now I'm minimizing my... So I can get to the recycle bin, and here we go.
Wait for it.
Wait for it.
Oh, wait for it.
Erwin, did you hear that little sound?
That little paper-wrecking sound?
That was it.
Complicated is off my hard drive and gone forever.
Gone forever.
All right.
Loki, you had some stuff you wanted to share tonight with DDR Ultramix, since, believe it or not, we are a Bimani-related show.
They've already announced what the first song pack is going to be.
It's a bunch of Konami originals, starting with DJ Taka with Abyss from 5th Mix, Naoki Burning the Floor from 4th Mix, Tomasuki with Mind Parasite from Dance Maniacs, Mr. T with some guy...
Motolake F, Burning Heat 3 Option Mix from Max 2, and Rick, in my eyes, from, I believe that was 5th Mix, 4th Style.
And that's it, $5 for 5 songs.
Oh yeah.
The one on there you guys probably don't know.
I think everybody knows Abyss.
Everybody knows Burning the Floor.
The few you guys might not know, or you may have forgotten what they sound like.
Let's hear a little bit here of Mind Parasite.
I know I have this.
Or at least I thought I did.
Maybe I don't.
It could have been on Loki's old drive, actually.
Oh, shit.
Well, don't I look like a dumbass?
What's different from any other day?
Yeah, I know.
What's different from any other day?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I love you all.
Bye.
Oh wait, no, I do, here we go, this is Mind Parasite, and this is good because this is Tomosuke, who is half of Orange Lounge actually, so this is Mind Parasite.
Alright, that is a little bit of Mind Parasite.
That's going to be a song that you can download.
It's going to be, what, five bucks for this?
It's like paying for games on my cell phone.
Is it five bucks a month?
No, it's just five bucks and you permanently get all those songs forever.
The other song I was going to play is In My Eyes, except I deleted my Force Style soundtrack to make room for Final Fantasy XI.
So I've got to...
I've got to consult.
No, you're right.
You know what?
I am a stupid idiot.
It is on 5th style.
I'm picturing it right now.
Why was I thinking 4th style?
You know why?
Because I get Love Will mixed up with it.
I should.
If you want to grab your 5th style soundtrack, go get it.
We'll hear you in my eyes in the next break.
How's that?
We'll just save that for the next break.
What do you guys think of this whole... We've kind of brought this up on the show before, but now that it's coming to light and the details are coming out and the song list is coming out, what do you guys think of this whole paying $5 to download songs bit?
What do you think of this?
Is it a good idea, a bad idea?
I could pay $5 to have sex with Rob.
Bad idea.
Oh!
Oh!
Haha, you're not funny.
Seki, seki, five dollars, we love you long time.
Okay.
I paid five dollars to get away.
What do you think, what do you think of this idea?
Does somebody have a serious comment here, Angel?
Um, no.
You know, we already pay enough for Mamani.
If you're like Mamani, you know, addicts like we all are, you know, we already pay enough for like, you know, getting 2DX in our houses and
You know, being able to play that because you have to buy another system for that and all that crap.
What?
Anyway, yeah, so, you know, I mean, we already pay enough.
I don't think we should be paying any more because there's something called... Well, Loki knows what I'm talking about.
Let's see.
Why even bother with UltraVix at all when you can just install Linux on an Xbox and run StepMania?
Let's assume not everyone knows how to do that.
Not everyone's a nerdy genius like you, I guess.
I use that term extremely loosely.
Kind of like you.
Just kidding.
What?
Who's the loose one?
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I love you, Janae.
Pixie Dust, don't get pouty with me.
I'm going to come show you some love, Pixie Dust.
I'm going to show you some love.
I love you.
I'm going to put my head on your bosom.
Somebody get the camera.
I love you, Pixie Dust.
I love you, too.
I'm sorry.
Bear it, love.
Bear it, love.
I can put an Xbox on those tits, man.
Yeah, it's good shopping.
You know, I love you.
I love you too.
Bastard.
Loki, I know you of all people love to pay to download things.
I want to hear your thoughts on the $5 for 5 songs bit.
It's just $5.
I'd just do it so... Well, if I had the Xbox version or whatever, I might download it just so I can rip them.
But...
I don't see a problem with paying $5 for five songs.
That's not that, you know, expensive for just a one-time purchase.
It's just like an add-on CD.
Wow, of all people, I was not expecting you to support this.
Well, I would do it, but, I mean, not to say that it's not going to be a workaround, because I'm pretty sure that there is.
So, you know, whatever.
I'll just download them off of, like, Supernova, because I'm sure they'll have it.
Do you think people would pay for these when they can go off of Stepmania's many dedicated sites and get it for free?
Well, those are going to be the same people that are going to buy the game or not.
I probably will because we normally buy the game, but then I rip the songs and I play them on mine.
You know, I actually think I'd buy the expansion pack, too, but the problem is I don't own an Xbox, and I still have higher things on my priority list to get, even with DDR coming out.
I'm like, ooh, I need a new processor for my computer so I can play Final Fantasy XI.
Ooh, I need a bigger hard drive for my MP3s.
Ooh, I need to buy a hooker.
You bought me last night, Rob!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, I mean, but you from the 99-cent hooker store.
I can afford that.
It's dark, she knew it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
She had to raise her prices due to inflation in the breasts.
Not like that mom and that baby, huh, Rob?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, come on, you're not going to tell them about that?
Why don't you tell it?
You tell it so much better.
No, I won't, because now Loki's saying no, so never mind.
No, don't listen to Loki, I never do.
Well, we were coming out of the grocery store, going back to the car, and this mom comes out with the kid in the cart, and all of a sudden Loki responds with, Oh, look!
They sold a kid or something, and the kid was all happy and whatever, and we all busted up laughing.
Alright, Loki wants to correct some things.
Go ahead, correct it, because I don't... I saw this stupid woman who looked homely with her stupid baby in the car, you know, pushing her around, picking up cans or whatever, and then I'm like, aw, how cute, she's gonna go sell her baby.
And the baby was all happy to be rid of her crack-horn mom.
Alright.
Okay, um, wow.
What else is going on in the Bomani world?
Loki, what's going on in the sim scene?
Anything new in the sim world?
Why don't you give us our sim update of the week.
DDR Maniacs, this site came up, yippee.
And on DDRAmerica.com or whatever, your BitTorrent site, you can find the wonderful Dancing Stage Fever songs, which I played today, and they suck.
Surprise, surprise.
The end.
That's it.
Nothing else going on.
Nothing.
Zilch.
Alright.
We're going to take a quick break and when we come back we're going to do the FUs of the week.
So...
Send those on over to private message to Sky in the chat room and we'll be reading those right after this quick break.
And all three of these songs have something in common.
They may have a different artist's name, but they still have something very much in common.
We'll be back.
Starting off with In My Eyes.
In My Eyes
The end is near, the end is near, the end is near, the end is near, the end is near
Let's get it!
Let's get it!
Let's get it!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Alright, we're back.
and it's about time to get into our favorite part of the show, the FUs of the week.
But first, we want to make a few quick programming announcements.
Vanilla Sky will not be on tomorrow night because I have to do some other errands and with work getting busy and all, I can't stay up late, so I have to take Angel home tomorrow.
Yeah, Loki.
And unfortunately, with my computer being the way it is and the situation I'm in, I'm
and unfortunately unable to do a LiveWire show this week.
And that kind of sucks too, but I didn't plan for it to be this way and try and make sure it's not, but the computer's kind of up in the air right now.
So instead, Vanilla Sky will be on Wednesday this week.
So I'm going to move over to Wednesday this week since there won't be a new LiveWire this week.
And tomorrow night, if we can get the computer hooked up tomorrow, I don't know, I'll play an old episode of LiveWire in an increased bitrate.
So it'll be like a higher quality stream.
So we'll do that tomorrow for Monday night.
If we can't get that to happen, we'll rerun an old episode of Vanilla Sky and a new episode of Vanilla Sky on Wednesday this week.
Pump up the volume, of course, on Tuesday.
Rerun this week.
Jamie is still in Alabama.
She does get back on Tuesday, but we don't expect her to want to walk through the door and sign online first thing.
She's probably going to want to sleep for a little while.
So she'll be back next week though.
She'll be back Sunday for sure.
Season 4 of Orange Lounge Radio debuts this Sunday.
And the catch was that we were going to go MP3 Pro on Sunday, but we'll get into that in the FU's of the week.
Which it is now time for you guys.
Here we go, we are going into the FUs of the week.
I have to get a little bit old school this week with the FU music because of Loki's computer being down.
I'm missing a few files, but we'll start it off.
Alright.
Jamie this week would like to give a big F.U.
to stupid people and us.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Stupid drivers and things that are pissing her off in Alabama.
And I'm sure she misses all of us greatly.
So that's Jamie's F.U.
for tonight, which I am entering on her behalf.
Up next is Loki with his F.U.s.
And he still has the Christmas speed music, I promise, two weeks ago.
Wish you would have thought of this when we did the cage match, huh?
Anyways, uh, F you, or, uh, fuck you to, um, Price, because you suck, because the fact that I had to drive down there to get you to suck.
I spent my money there, I come back here, I'm working on my computer, I look at my processor, oh, guess what, they gave me the wrong processor.
So I drive another half hour all the way back to Fry's, wait an hour, wait in line for another hour, get a new processor, and drive back.
And then finally I tried it in my computer, and my computer worked.
My old computer, something happened to the motherboard, you know, when I was installing it, so that didn't work.
So I go back to Fry's, and go pick up a new motherboard, and come back home,
I wasted four hours because of Fry.
Surprise stuff.
Then there was this guy today when I was driving on the road who was trying to scratch his ass or something while driving his beat up truck and was like swerving all over the road.
Like practically just driving in two lanes at once and stuff like that.
So I hate people and they deserve to die.
And another thing was...
Fuck you, people with cell phones, because your cell phones are going to get taken away pretty soon.
You're not going to be able to drive in your car with cell phones.
So, guess what?
You're going to have to concentrate on the road now.
No.
Two words.
One word.
Compound.
Headset.
So, I just, you know, I hate it.
I hate you guys driving me.
Thank you for watching!
I don't understand why you have to send interns to a stupid competition like that.
They have no opinion whatsoever.
All they were doing was promoting some god knows whatever concert, and I forgot what it was.
Good job on them.
Hey, let's get a look.
Good Charlotte sucks ass.
So anyways, you know, so they suck ass, and the fact that they have 1079 coming to promote their damn show, that's really sad.
Then not only that, that stupid guy had no, you know, comments whatsoever, no constructive comments.
I brought these people in the first place, so that sucks.
Ooh.
Ooh, cat fight.
Anyway.
Well, that's even better.
But anyway, yeah, after the fact that my...
For some reason, my computer is running slow on the internet.
I don't know what the hell's up with our internet right now, and my PC, but the fact that I upgraded the RAM, upgraded the processor, upgraded the motherboard, and everything else does not make it run slow.
Why does it run slow when you upgrade it?
That makes no sense.
So, I have to figure that one out.
What the hell is this?
This is like some, like, Australian guy singing this.
Oh, crikey!
It's Rudolph!
He's going down in history!
Oh, that's awful.
Yeah, so that sucks, and... You know, I had lots of money this weekend, now it's all gone.
More or less.
So that sucks, too.
I think I'm done.
Yeah.
For now.
Alright, my turn.
Of course, we get to hear Lion Suki again, even though we played it in that break.
Which, by the way, was all Akira Yamaoka-related things.
Rick, In My Eyes, Dancer, Duval, Lion Suki.
All 2DX songs, too.
My AFU this week goes to Live365.com, the lovely site that hosts our radio station.
That MP3 Pro live shit was supposed to be rolled out at the end of October, and we're still waiting for it.
And I was hoping we could have a live MP3 Pro stream starting Sunday, but that ain't gonna happen.
Why?
Because Live365...
I can't fucking get things out on time.
I hope we don't get the plug pulled for me ranting on this on Life is Five.
But hey, I'm entitled to my right of speech.
I'm just a little upset.
I'm also upset at them because they're promoting the MP3 Pro thing all over the site when it's supposed to be in beta still.
It's not supposed to be something that was rolled out to everybody.
I think it's a piss poor thing to do to roll it out when half the people can't use it because the live software isn't rolled out yet.
You guys suck that cock and balls and I hope you get your shit done soon before I come to wherever you're at and set your building on fire.
You bet, Tom.
Yeah, I said come.
Let's see, my other FUs of the week go to being single, because being single sucks.
And my other FU goes to my job, because as much as I love my job, having to teach two classes at once is going to suck a fat cock.
And, oh, I'm going to hug from Janae.
All FU to Janae for having a vagina, not a penis.
Same thing to Angel, yes, same thing.
Just fuck women.
Alright, alright.
That's enough.
If you believe the fuck women, that's the idea.
Catch on.
Alright.
Alright, here we go.
Alright.
Here comes the chatroom, not chatroom FUs, the rest of in-house FUs.
Pixie Dust.
F you goes to loaning friends money because they never pay you back.
Well, ex-friends.
Never pay you back because they're bastards.
Or this person is a bastard.
And, yeah, that's one thing.
F you goes to the search for Miss Applebottom because it fucking sucks.
Why the fuck are you going to tell Nelly that you can make your twat clap?
What kind of thing does that do?
What does it have to do with your butt?
What does that sound like?
Let me try, hold on.
All I gotta say is that it'd be cool if we could do it in time with the Addams Family song.
No, no, no, clap.
Um, I had one more, fuck you.
Fuck you to Loki.
I'm going to a fucking good Charlotte concert, you bastard.
And I'm glad about it.
Go hang out with your 1079 cronies.
These are going to be 106.5 cronies, bitch.
Oh my God.
Like there's a difference.
There is a difference.
They don't play Eminem on 1079.
Fuck Tard.
I don't know.
Angel just said fuck Tard in my ear.
Whoa, wait.
I blame y'all.
But, I'm, fuck you Ghost Nelly for smacking me on my ass.
And, well, no wait.
I'm not supposed to!
Not supposed to, but I liked it.
Yeah.
And, yeah.
Fuck having big tits, because I'm actually in studio and I can say that with Loki's face changed.
I'm like, shut the fuck up.
Fuck having big tits.
Jerks don't bait, you're right.
I'm sorry, those aren't big tits.
Big tits are like double G. That's like the stuff that you see on the Amorium.
Shut the fuck up.
They can hold an Xbox between them.
Shut up.
Hey, that is so fake, okay?
An Xbox can hold a small country in it, okay?
I did not really mean you could put an Xbox on those boobs.
Controller, maybe.
Xbox, no.
Fuck, dude, I can't even fit an Xbox in my car.
Okay.
I'm done.
All right, up next, no styling.
Dude, I usually have this huge, long FU for Sky, but now I don't have an FU except for those rocks in Sacramento.
It's like, fuck you, rocks.
Rock on.
All right, Angel.
Your FU is for tonight, Angel.
Stop laughing and rant about something.
This is not a funny part of the show.
You are not allowed to laugh.
Shut up, Rob.
PC Dust is balancing DNL on her boobs.
That's why we're both laughing right now.
But can you crush the can?
Angel.
Okay, okay, okay.
Um... Thank you to my work for not, um...
Thanks for watching, and I'll see you next time.
And, uh, I guess that's it, because I'm not that angsty this week.
Surprisingly enough.
Alright.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, here comes Loki again.
Fuck you to the stupid goddamn commercials on the radio about some truck.
I don't give a fuck if a black hole does not have a hemi.
Okay?
Okay?
I swear to God, if I was that person in this fictitious commercial, I would have gutted those two people talking.
I hated that commercial because it's so fucking annoying.
Hey, I got a hemi, too!
Look what I can do!
How much does that black hole throw?
Does it have a hemi?
I'm a redneck!
Who fucks my own cousin?
I hate that fucking commercial.
That's all.
I'm done.
Magus.
Alright, this has been keeping me for most of the day.
F you to the way that the swap room at Wreck-It-Con was designed, the way they had like the door guards and shit.
There was one way in, one way out.
You could not, you know, go out for like five seconds and then go back in the same door.
You had to go all the way around the building and go back in.
is just a pain in the ass.
And then they had the long lines at the game room.
Then, let's see, FU to Traffic getting into Pittsburgh for WreckerCon and FU to Fog on the way home.
That's about it.
I'm not that anxious.
Well, thank God.
I'm glad we left when we did.
I hate fog.
We took a secret way home.
We went like, we went like on these back roads.
We went up 4 and then we went up 160.
We were like in the wilderness.
It was really scary.
It's a secret to everybody.
We went, we went by a town.
We went by a town that has only 60 people that live in it.
It was scary.
No, it wasn't Susanville.
Alright, let's get to the chatroom FUs.
Alright, sorry.
Captain Canada would like to give an FU to the week.
Beer bottle caps for being so impossible to open without a bottle opener.
And my roommate and myself for not having bottle opener in our dorm.
It took me like ten minutes and a cut hand before I finally ripped the cap off with a pair of scissors.
It was like sitting on the pot and then realizing there's no toilet paper.
Wipe your ass with a shower curtain.
Zodiac Knight would like to send a big F you to his school, the Illinois Institute of Technology, for being such money-grubbing whores who continue to not provide for their students.
And if you can't say the school's name on the air, I understand.
Oops.
Hi, Zodiac Knight, by the way.
Um, let's see.
EvilNauki2DX would like to say, Fuck Seton Medical Center for not telling us that my grandmother suffers from anemia.
Thanks to those asshats, my grandmother is on life support and I have no fucking idea if she's going to live to see tomorrow.
Oh, that's too... That's sad.
This isn't supposed to be about sad things, but... I just... I hope things go better for you.
DJ Spector would like to say fuck you to Speed Mixes, especially Avril Lavigne Speed Mixes.
Fuck you to my Spanish teacher Lucretia again.
Fuck you to Clock Tower 3, the suckiest game ever.
Fuck you to Politary, fuck you to IPL, fuck you to my dog who pissed in my room.
ViolentHyperGirl would like to say F you to programming, the C language, pointers, and arrays.
Fuck you to my fan club who seem to show up at the arcade every time I show up and look like they're watching more than just me playing Initial D. They're watching your breasts, of course.
F you to stalkers in general because they're giving ex-C9CNME creepy looks in terms of smiling and trying to be friendly when it's creepy as fuck.
And F you to midterms because of those I haven't been to be able to go to Orange Lounge Radio.
And I miss the Orange Lounge Radio crew, so yeah.
XVI, as he's known, is tuning in from Las Vegas tonight and would like to give an FU of the week to the manager of the virtual reality zone at the Adventure Dome at Circus Circus in Las Vegas.
That was one of the first places I ever played VR, FYI.
They don't fix their Romani machines, so many locals accuse the workers of their being lazy-ass bastards when it's actually the manager who's to be blamed for it.
F you to myself for being left out of Too Much.
I want to get out of Las Vegas so I can be back with my friends, back with the RTA crew.
Also F you to the Las Vegas bus system known as Cat for making such lame excuses and mostly not on fucking time on their schedules.
S Ghost would like to say F you to you guys for airing erotic songs when my parents invited over a pastor.
Good thing I'm an atheist or else I'd be headed straight to hell.
On the subject of religion, F you to that one pastor who wants to put a memorial in Matthew Shepard's town that says Matthew Shepard entered hell, whatever the name, whatever the date was.
That's the guy who runs GodHatesFags.com.
What's his name?
Fred Phelps, I think.
And he's a total asshat who's just an attention whore, and that's how he does it, by fag-bashing.
So that's why we don't like to acknowledge that he exists, because sick people like that don't exist in my world.
Be sure to tune in to his show, The 700 Club, on the Family Channel.
Yeah, weekdays at 11.
700 Club, great material for having friends over and wanting to talk about something.
S-Ghost, F you to whoever made the horrible S-Ghost parody journal on LiveJournal, which is that LiveJournal user, S-Ghost.
F you to Good Charlotte and all that punk crap.
Punk isn't dead, it just sucks now.
Fuck you, Benji is hot.
John Fields would like to say, fuck you to falling down the stairs again.
F you to getting sick over the weekend and not going home from college.
F you being fat.
F you to not being able to find a new free Ragnarok online server to play on.
Lastly, F you to all the broken glass on the sidewalks at campus.
Someone could get hurt, you drunken bastards.
Go to hell, alcohol.
I hope I never drink you again.
SablerX would like to say, F you to those damn songs in the reverse cage match.
And an F you to the Wrecker game room entry exitness.
Jahi would like to say fuck Monica for trying to give out STDs to people.
Fuck people who talk shit online and can't just step up and get choked out in real life.
Fuck MTV for not playing Insane Clown Posse.
Fuck Leslie Snipes for being a racist.
Fuck the Bubble Sisters Korean R&B group for being racist pieces of shit.
Fuck Nancy and the boys for making that song.
Fuck laws that prevent me from giving out Monica's last name, that dirty bitch.
Okay, I think that covers it.
Monica's a dirty hoe.
Fuck that half-Asian guy that won over the totally Asian guy on fucking Russian Roulette.
The Asian guy would have beat you down with his Asian powers, so shut up.
Asian powers.
And we all know it was Lewinsky, of course.
Ledford would like to say, Fuck you, the MTV poll and the stupid hail of script kiddies and broken P1 pad on the first 8th mix machine I've played for FU's.
F you to commercials showing before movies, especially the RIAA ones.
Actually, that would be the MPAA, but same difference.
Black Lab would like to say, fuck the rain, I hate riding bikes in the rain.
Fuck the initial D noobs at the UCD arcade.
They take up space to make it harder for me to get more games in.
Fuck my birthday for being on the day before a huge chemistry midterm.
I spent my whole birthday studying.
Happy birthday.
Dark Tetsu would like to say, fuck you to the cold bug.
Nince would like to say, fuck you to my internet being down last weekend.
It went out Saturday and I didn't have it back until Tuesday.
F you to things in general, just feeling bitter.
F you to Sky for using this song for the chatroom FUs.
Hey, fuck you, buddy.
And the bad songs continue.
That's right, it's Oha Night.
RYC3 Rice would like to say, why not fuck you to work?
I have to work at 6am.
Anyway, hi guys.
Fuck you to being lazy, got too fat.
That was a lot of FUs tonight.
There's a lot of people in our chat room.
I gotta say a shout out.
What can I say?
I'd also like to add, FU that I have finals next week.
And that's it for the FUs of the week.
I gotta say a shout out, Ryan.
Alright, shout out from Janae.
I gotta shout out to Zodiac Knight.
Where's my fucking sushi?
I really need some.
I'm gonna start stripping any time now if I don't get sushi.
God, where is it?
He practically lives on the other coast.
I know, but he said he'd mail it to me.
He's going to mail you?
Ew, that would be nasty.
I left sushi in the car overnight once and it was all nasty the next day.
But he's my sushi pimp.
I know.
Just make him come out here and buy you some.
I've got to give a shout out too.
Just because, wait, is Jolly still in there?
Hey Johnny, this is Angel.
Yeah, I just wanted to say hi and sorry I didn't get to say bye last night because you were dancing away.
So, I just thought I'd leave you alone and had to go home and whatever.
Anyway, yeah, hi!
And hi to Rice too because you said hi guys, so I said hi.
Yeah, I'd like to give a shout out to all my homies in CB4.
Yeah, peace out man.
Oh my god, you guys, I want to give a shout out to Carson Daly.
This is so fun!
Oh my god!
Oh my god, you guys, this is so fun!
I want to have 10 million of these babies.
It wasn't Carson Daly, it was Justin Timberlake.
Now get it right, bitch.
That was me.
Everybody knows that Lance is the hottest.
Oh my god!
No, my god!
No, Justin is the hottest because he has solo career now and he's like so hot.
Oh my god!
Oh, my whole cheerleading team thinks that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now that we've thoroughly scared our listeners, I think what we'll do is kill ourselves.
No.
What we're going to do... It's like Suicide Club all over again.
Yes.
I'm doing that voice the whole night now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm going to do this voice the whole night long because, you know, it annoys people.
Yeah, this is the ladies, man.
I hope you get your wang hugified.
Your wang?
Yeah, the wang.
Wang hugified.
Wang hugified, yes.
Yeah.
Can we have a fish sandwich first?
Because I really want a fish sandwich.
I love that one where he's like, yeah, I wasn't expecting anything under 9 or 10 inches.
Yeah, that's pretty small.
Like, totally.
I think we'll try to save this show by taking a quick break.
And when we come back from the break, some of us are going to show off our shit in Karaoke Revolution.
All right, so we're going to be singing some Karaoke Revolution with you guys.
And also, we're going to be doing some Ask Orange Lounge.
So send in those questions over private message for Ask Orange Lounge when we come back.
It's going to be a little bit of an extended break because we're going to set up some things for Karaoke Revolution.
So...
We're going to play some songs from Dance Maniacs is going to be the deal tonight.
So we'll do some songs from Dance Maniacs, including Jeanne Jeanne, Happy Hopper, Twin Bee, Quickening, and we'll do, how about, we'll do In My Dreams, because that's one of my favorite Brumani songs ever.
Alright, we'll be right back.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter V, the letter A, and the number 59.
Alright, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and as promised, we're now going to show off our karaoke talents in a round of Karaoke Revolution.
Five of us are going to play tonight, and you guys get to vote for your favorite performer.
And Loki...
Loki, by the way, is taking a request right now in the chat room for your song.
So send a private message to Loki with the song you want him to sing.
And we'll go over the list here very shortly.
I'm going to run over to the other mic real fast.
So here I go, running over to the other mic.
And I'm going to bring up the audio levels on screen here so Loki can see what's going on over the station.
Hi, I'm stupid.
I couldn't find you in the mic.
Okay.
Here we go.
We're at the title screen for Karaoke Revolution.
We're going to do single player.
And... Shit.
Sorry.
Thank God.
Alright.
We're at arcade mode.
We'll make this easy.
We're going to do beginner for everybody.
Alright.
And don't forget, be sending your requests to Loki for what song you want him to sing.
We're going to go over the song list right now for Karaoke Revolution.
This isn't every single song, but it's what we have unlocked right now.
Addicted, All You Wanted, Are You Happy Now, Believe, Billie Jean, Bizarre Love Triangle,
Broken Wings Celebration Chain of Fools Complicated, your guys' favorite Crawling in the Dark Don't Know Why
Every Morning Everything You Want Girls Just Wanna Have Fun Hey Jealousy Hit Me With Your Best Shot How You Remind Me I'm Coming Out
It's the end of the world as we know it, Kiss Me, Ladies Night, Like a Virgin, Red Red Wine,
Save Tonight She Talks to Angels Son of a Preacher Man The Power of Love Waiting for Tonight
When A Man Loves A Woman, Wind Beneath My Wings, You Really Got Me, and You're The One That I Want.
Alright, now I hope everybody who's participating tonight has picked a song already so we don't have to scroll through this list a million times.
No, we're not going to go through it again.
Okay, send your vote over to Loki over private message over what song he should do.
He wants to know what you guys in the chatroom want him to sing.
Well, you're going to have to.
Oh, shit.
Well, okay, don't send them to Loki.
Just post them up in the chatroom because I have Ask Orange Lounge questions coming to my box.
So just post them up in the chatroom in caps so Loki can see.
All right, here we go.
Who's going first?
Should I?
I'm going first?
Okay, now he says I'm going first.
Of course, I have to do my song.
Natalie wants me to do Like A Virgin?
Alright, Natalie says I should do Like A Virgin.
I'll do Like A Virgin.
Here we go.
Alright, and I'm picking Superstar TV to sing on.
And we're all playing as Navi's character tonight that he made on here, Teninga.
That's where I knew it from.
That's where I knew it from.
I made it through the wilderness Somehow I made it through Didn't know how lost I was until I found you
I was beat, incomplete, I've been had, I was sad and blue But you make me feel, yeah you made me feel Shiny and new, like a virgin
Touched for the very first time Like a virgin When your heart beats next to mine And give you all my love, boy My fear is fading fast Been saying it all for you Cause only love can last
You're so fine, and you might make me strong Yeah, you make me bold, all your love thought out Don't sing in the mic.
Yeah, your love thought out was getting cold Like a virgin I don't think you can still hear me.
Touched for the very first time
Like a virgin with your hobby next to mine You're so fine and you're mine
I'll be yours till the end of time Cause you make me feel Yeah, you make me feel I've got nothing to hide Like a virgin Touched for the very first time
Like a virgin, with your hobby next to mine Like a virgin, like a virgin, feels so good inside When you hold me, and you're happy, and you love me
Alright, $45,426 for me.
Sorry about that.
I didn't realize that I didn't have to use the mic.
I guess we were testing that out.
So we're just going to use the headset.
Alright, who's up next then?
Sorry, then I guess the beginning sounded worse.
So, let's go up again.
Who's up next?
Alright, Magus is going to go next.
Alright.
Alright, Magus, what song for Magus?
I got a platinum record.
Save Tonight for Magus.
Here we go.
Alright, here we go, we are, I'm going to make Magus sing at the county fair with Teninga.
Alright, everybody, here's 23rd Magus, the 69th Magus Tonight in Karaoke Revolution with The Power of Love, featuring Teninga.
Here we go.
Power love, is the greatest thing You're the one man weep, make another man sing Change your heart, to a little white stuff Oh, and we have some power love
DarkSakura.com
Don't need no credit card to ride this train It's strong and sudden, it's cruel sometimes But it might just save your life That's the power of love That's the power of love First time feeling it might make you sad Next time you feel it might make you mad
Will you be glad, baby, when you're found As the power of make love around
Don't take money, don't take fame Don't need no credit card, ride this train As strong as sudden and cruel sometimes It might just save your life They say that all in love is fair Yeah, but you don't care You know what to do
It's okay, Magus.
You suck all the time.
Don't take money, don't take fame Don't need no credit card to ride this train Tough and diamond and strong and steamy You won't feel nothing to feel
You feel the power?
You feel the power of love.
That's power?
That's the power of love.
You feel the power of love.
You feel the power of love.
You feel the power of love.
All right.
I had to adjust my seat.
Magus got a score of 8,936.
We've been officially saved.
Why?
Because he's done.
He's done.
Oh, okay.
The, uh, oh, not even a gold record.
I've got a plate, so I have a reason.
Um, basically, since we're kind of, uh, this isn't a popular segment with our chat room.
I think I got the equivalent of a C. I don't know.
We'll let one more person go, and then we'll judge where we're at.
So, Janae, why don't you, uh, pixie dust, why don't you take over.
And, uh, if the chat room says, please, Lord, pull the plug, after Janae, we'll stop this segment.
All right, guys.
Otherwise, we're putting Loki on stage.
Guys, let me explain something to the chat room.
You have the lines that dictate what pitch you sing at, so I had to find myself constantly adjusting my pitch.
I couldn't, like, go my own way, you know.
So, I suck at DDR freestyle, but I can actually sing on my own pretty well.
Alright, what song are you going to do, Janae?
Oh, she's going to do Nora Jones.
She's going to do a little bit of sexy piano loving here from Pixie Dust.
Alright, ready?
Here she goes.
Remember, you want to kind of keep the green arrow on the blue bar.
That's right.
You're going to be singing at Central Station.
Alright, here we go.
Loading.
This is Pixie Dust with Don't Know Why.
In chat room, you can vote if you want this segment to keep going with Loki singing the song or if you want us to end it.
I left you by and had some fun I don't know why I didn't come I don't know why I didn't come
When I saw the break of day I wish that I would fly away Instead of kneeling in the sand Catching a drop in my hand My heart is dry
You'll be on my mind forever Out across the endless sea I will die in that sea But I'll be
I'm running down the road My heart is drenched in love You'll be on my mind forever
Something has to make you run I don't know why I didn't come Feel an empty air
I don't know why I didn't come I don't know why I didn't come I don't know why I didn't come Alright, a score of 31,043 points for Pixie Dust.
Nice job.
and also a Platinum House.
Okay, they know her.
She is a superstar.
Superstar.
I let you guys vote in the chat room if you wanted to keep this segment going because some of you guys were complaining about it.
And you voted, Loki has to sing.
And you picked this song.
Complicated.
Yeah!
A complicated song!
This got banned earlier tonight.
Sing the parody!
You guys wanted to hear it, so Loki will be singing Complicated.
In the meantime, vote in the chatroom.
Do you want no styling to sing?
No styling?
Loki!
Loki!
Sing the parody.
Sing the word out.
No styling will be up after Loki.
I don't want to sing.
I suck.
You'll see why.
I should have just done my live performance as the song that we should have voted off.
What's happening to this microphone, too?
It's like all fucked up.
God damn it!
I don't want to play this song!
Who told the chatroom to vote?
Oh, we just cycled out of a game.
Teninga is the winner.
Alright, here we go.
Going back into a new game.
And we're going to play Teninga again.
Alright, here we go.
Loki will be singing Complicated.
and Loki will be singing at the pit stop.
As will this song sound like a pit stop.
I don't want this.
Dude, I am like a chick on this stage.
She is so lame.
Okay, just so you know, chatroom, I can't sing.
And they're making, they're doing this because they hate you.
They don't like you.
I feel like singing like Paul Perry.
Chill out, Michelle, and Ford.
Layback, it's all been done before And if you could only let it be, you will see He said, what?
When we're driving your car I can't do this, I'm laughing He said only That's what it said
You're watching your back, I can't relax You're trying to be cool, you're looking like a fool to me Tell me, why'd you have to go and make things so complicated?
I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else and it gets me frustrated I hate this song, you suck fucking ass And words, words, words, words, more words, I still gotta green No, no, no, no, no
You've gone over an ounce, dressed up like you're something else I can't hit the pitch cause I can't sing worth a crap You're making me do this, laugh out when you strike your pose Take off all your preppy clothes, get naked on the floor Look around
I hate this, somebody else, not everyone else, you're watching your back, you just can't relax, you're trying to be cool, you're looking like a fool to me, tell me, why'd you have to make me go and play this fucking game, I fucking hate, I see why you're acting like somebody else, but I can't keep up the words, life is like this,
You fall and you crawl and you take it and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and there's tough words.
And with even the stupid thing.
Hey, why are you walking away?
Fuck you, get your ass back in this fucking concert.
No, no, no.
You suck.
Bite my ass.
Chill out, watch who you're yelling for.
Lay back, it's all been done before.
Eat my ass, you could only let it be.
You'll see.
I think this segment is really dead.
We should stop torturing the chat room now.
You're really trying to be cool.
You're looking like a fool to me.
I could have told you that.
Tell me why I'm...
You know they're fucking recording this, god damn you!
Dude, I hate it.
I want her to break down and cry again.
You'll fail and you'll crawl and you'll break and you'll take and you'll get and you'll turn and blah blah blah blah crowd boost so fucking take that up your ass.
No, no, why'd you have to go and make things so complicated?
I see the way you're looking and acting like you're somebody else gets me frustrated Life's like this and... That's it, she's failing!
She's failing!
God damn, this sucks.
You fucking suck!
Alright, a score of 5,824 points for Loki.
Believe it or not, not even a gold record.
Alright, you guys voted if No Stylin' should sing or not, and you voted that yes, No Stylin' needs to get up there and sing.
So, No Stylin', what song are you going to do?
We don't know what he's going to sing because he hasn't chosen me.
He doesn't know these songs.
So, yeah.
We're going to pick for him.
We're going to pick for him.
Sing tonight.
You'll laugh.
You'll laugh.
You'll cry.
It's the feel-good song of the year.
I'm coming out.
Hit me with your best shot.
Hit me with your best shot.
No, that's killer.
Uh, Nostalin will be singing Wind Beneath My Wings.
Yeah, the mic's gotta be really close to your mouth, okay?
Alright, here we go.
Uh, Nostalin's version of Wind Beneath My Wings.
And Nostalin will be singing at the party.
Alright, here we go.
Oh, yeah, okay.
No silent on Superstar TV.
Here we go.
No silent on Superstar TV with wind beneath my wings.
Enjoy.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, us making asses of ourselves on Karaoke Revolution.
It must be happy cold there in my soul To never have some light on your face Your word content to let me shine
You always walk the step with me So I was the one with the whole body While you were the one with all the strength A beautiful face without a name For so long
Thank you for watching.
For you are the one beneath my wings But I've got it all here in my hands
Yeah.
Of course.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
I wish I could be Oh and I, I could fly higher
For you are the wind beneath my wings.
Because you are the wind beneath my wings.
Because you are the wind beneath my wings.
NoStylen has failed his song!
With 2,146 points, NoStylen failed Wind Beneath My Wings, and Teninga has broken down on stage and cried.
All right.
Here you go, you guys.
This is how it's going to work.
You guys are going to vote for a winner.
The winner will come back and sing an encore song, which will be selected at random by the game.
Unless it's a song that we've already done.
Then we'll back out and pick a different one, okay?
So here we go.
Just put it in the chat room, all in caps.
Who you want the winner to be.
You can vote for me.
I sang Like a Virgin.
You can vote for Magus, who sang Power of Love.
You can vote for Pixie Dust, who sang... What the hell did you sing?
I forgot already.
You sang Don't Know Why.
You sang the Noah Jones one.
And you can vote for Loki, who sang Complicated, at your request.
Or you can vote for No Stylin', who sang Wind Beneath My Wings.
So...
Put all in caps right now who you want to sing again and who will play a random song.
We see some Rob, some Nostalin.
There's going to be a tie between Loki and Nostalin.
That's what it's going to be.
I predicted.
All right, you guys have a minute to flood our screen with your votes.
Sorry against people who don't like flooding, but...
But my inbox is already full of your Ask Orange Lawrence questions, which we probably won't get to now.
I love Angel.
She voted for me.
Okay, we see some Janae's.
Oh, I'm starting to see some Loki's.
No, there's about four lines for Loki.
Victor, no styling.
Let's see.
Loki wins.
Loki...
I don't know, it's kind of close, you guys.
It's between me, Loki, and Nostyle, and what do you think?
What do you guys think?
Fuck you guys!
Fucking didn't vote for me, you cunts!
I'm thinking, I'm thinking, you did get a vote today.
I did, me!
You know what?
One fucking vote, you cunts!
I'm thinking Loki is the winner, okay?
Loki is going to do an encore presentation right now.
Loki is the winner!
Damn it!
Red wine.
Red wine.
Alright.
No, I know.
I'm coming out!
No!
No, no, it's going to be randomly selected by the computer.
It's going to be randomly selected by the computer.
If it's a song we've already heard, we're going to cancel it out and do a different one because we want to hear something new.
Alright, ready Loki?
Alright.
This is no scoring mode, it's just plain karaoke fun.
Actually, no wait, no, we'll do, I'm sorry.
No wait, I don't remember how to get it to select random now.
Okay, you ready, Loki?
We're going to pick one completely at random.
Here is the song Loki will be singing as his encore.
The wheel is spinning, and it's landing on... It's the end of the world as we know it.
All right.
Here we go.
Loki's singing It's the End of the World as We Know It at the county fair.
Enjoy.
Why?
Let's sing along.
Yeah, let's sing along.
Yeah, group sing along.
I am so not singing this song.
I don't like this song.
I can't work with this.
I can't hit the pitch.
They're too fast!
Give me a different song, come on, seriously.
This is ridiculous, I can't work with this.
Alright, Loki is about to fail, it's the end of the world as we know it, and he wants a different song.
That means we are going to pick the song for him.
I can't work with this, this is too fast.
Alright, since Loki failed that song miserably, we're going to pick a song for him.
Because we're not going to let him get away with it that way.
What do you guys say?
Believe?
Like a... Girls just want to have a... Alright, I'm coming out.
I'm coming out.
Here it is.
Loki singing, I'm coming out.
At the county fair with Teninga.
Here we go.
Remember, he goes, I'm coming out.
You know?
You know how it goes?
You know how this one goes?
Okay, here we go.
I'm staying in I'm staying in I'm staying in I'm staying in I'm staying in
I'm steaming I want the world to know I'm happy with pussy I'm steaming I want the world to know Got the money to show There's a new me steaming And I'm just happy
He's laughing.
Stop making me laugh dammit!
Breaking out of the shell.
I have to shout that I'm staying in.
I'm staying in.
I want the world to know I'm happy with the pussy.
I'm staying in, I want the world to know I shop on the same side of the street I've got to show the world, yeah, I wanna see All my abilities, there's so much for me Somehow I have to make them, just to understand I've got it all in hand, oh how I've got it planned
I'm spreading the love, there's more for me to fear And I just feel so good every time I hear I'm singing I'm happy with the females, gotta let it show I'm actually passing this song, that's pretty amazing I think Since I can't sing worth a shit
Oh yeah, play that instrumental solo.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Yeah, work in the crowd.
Yeah, yeah.
There's my bitches in the crowd.
Fuck yeah.
I'm coming in.
I want the world to know Let it show I'm staying in I'm happy with hetero Just want everyone to know I'm staying in I want the world to know Women are my thing I'm staying in
I'm sick of this song.
You're gonna really die.
God, this is long.
It just doesn't fucking end.
Just keeps on going on.
I'm gonna kill anyone in the chatroom that has a recording of this.
You're gonna so die.
I know where you live.
As a reminder, the show will be broadcast this week on Thursday.
A score of 6,964 points for Loki.
Not even a gold record.
There is no justice in this world.
Okay.
Alright, we're going to shut the game off now.
Oh my god, I have not laughed that hard.
I laughed so hard my head scared.
I laughed so hard I peed, okay?
I peed a little.
I peed a little bit.
I can't with my jaw anymore, so no sex tonight, huh, Rob?
Oh, that hurt so bad.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe you.
Okay.
Yes, it is.
I should have been like, I'm sliding in.
You know, that would have been even better.
But, all right.
All right.
Luckily, the one person that Loki forgets has a recording is me.
All right.
My hair looks so bad.
We might run a little bit over tonight, but I don't think anybody cares after that.
And to think, you guys wanted to end the segment before Loki sang.
I think we should make him sing again.
Oh, come on.
It should be... Okay, I got it.
It's going to have to be a bit.
It's the only reason people are going to tune into our show now.
It should be a duo between Victor and Loki.
You know what?
When the Karaoke Revolution expansion pack comes out, Loki will sing again.
So, you're my fucking monkey, Loki will sing when I tell you to.
I'm just kidding.
Dance, monkey, dance.
What we're going to do when the expansion pack comes out, we'll do this again.
This is more incentive for Konami to get those expansion packs out.
As promised...
Oh my god.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
I have no idea how we're going to follow that segment, but we'll sure try.
Will Pixie Dust take her top off?
Will Magus take his pants off?
I hope not.
That would be a side to make me blind.
Alright.
Here we go.
First question tonight, ask Orange Lounge.
What happened?
Oh my god, I guess I missed it.
Here we go.
First question.
First question from... I can't find... Okay, here we go.
Leadfoot would like to know, How did Mobomoga get into Xtreme and which one of you made it?
Good, thank God.
Mobomoga is by The Orange Lounge.
And it got into Xtreme because Konami got cheap and stopped licensing things.
One more time, he says.
Woo, I saw her boobies!
All right.
Ledford would also like to know, what happened to Orange Crush?
That was kind of a regular segment we had on the show.
Well, that's Rice Princess's thing.
And since she's not really on the show much anymore, because she spends a lot of time coming over for Vanilla Sky.
But of course, Rice Princess, always welcome at the show.
And if she comes back, I'm hoping she'll bring some Orange Crush with her.
A good substitute would always be Vanilla Sky Video Game Trivia, which you can hear on Vanilla Sky, which is the bad music and video game trivia.
All right.
So, let's see.
XVI would like to know, what songs do you guys look forward to playing on Guitar Freak 10th or Drum Mania 9th Mix?
None of them.
None of them.
It's the same fucking game over and over.
Maybe the Weezer song, One Time, for Shits and Giggles.
I think that would be about it.
I'd like to play Mad Blast, but that wasn't on this one.
I don't think it was.
All right.
John Fields would like to know, Loki...
Which Beatmania sim do you prefer, and why do you prefer it over the other?
BM98 or Beatmania DX?
I don't play Beatmania sims, but I play the emulators, so that was kind of cool.
But I was using a, what was it, Beatmania DX, whatever that is.
There's actually another one, too, that not many people know of.
I can't remember what exactly the name of it was, because I had the link on my old computer.
But there's another sim out there that's comparable to Beatmania DX, so...
Alright, cool.
Question from Jay Kinetic.
Astroglide or KY?
Astroglide.
Pixie Dust says Astroglide.
Nelly says KY.
Warming liquid.
Warming liquid, says Nelly.
I say choice number three, ID, which most of you have probably never heard of.
Janae knows of it.
Anybody else care to answer this question?
No, alright then, moving on.
S-Ghost would like to know, what package are you guys using for Live 365?
I'm trying to start up a station and you seem to have a good thing going.
P.S.
I won't be playing anything on Sunday night, so you know.
Without getting into too many specifics, I can talk about this more with you offline, but we have the personal broadcaster package.
We don't run as a commercial station because we don't run our own in-house ads or anything like that.
and we don't really have that many people that listen that necessitate us needing hundreds of simultaneous listeners.
So we have one of the personal packages.
I can give you the specifics offline.
He says he wants to do his own station.
Hey, sure, why not?
The more the merrier.
But you start a live talk show, I'll kill you.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Because they were voting for the song they wanted you to sing, Loki.
That's why I have all the PMs.
It's one of the personal broadcaster packages and it's reasonable, I guess.
Although I don't like the idea of having to pay to do this show.
But whatever, we have fun doing it and that's what it's all about.
EvilMaliki2DX would like to know, when are you coming over to clean my house and the plumbing?
Anytime, anyplace, baby.
That's it.
I'm out of questions unless somebody else wants to send along a new question.
Actually, we probably should start to get wrapping up the show pretty soon here.
I'm having a lot of people ask me for a copy of the Karaoke Revolution segment.
What do you guys think we ought to do with that?
I'm thinking burn it.
Sell it on eBay, the highest bidder.
Kazaa.
Put it on Kazaa.
We'll see what happens.
I think it could be a good promotion show.
Loki and I have been busting our butts trying to get a new website done.
Right.
And when we have that new website done in our downloads area, we will put that up just for you guys.
Right.
Maybe we'll have like... You know what?
We should get ourselves like a listeners club.
An Orange Lounge listeners club.
Yeah.
Well, we have a message board, but none of us seem to use it.
But it is over at KaliBomani.com if you click on the evil board of randomness.
Unfortunately, our forums have been a little dead lately.
But you can go there and revive them.
We certainly wouldn't mind.
I'm making a sexy pose for Pixie Dust right now.
I was just showing off my pillowy lips.
All right.
I guess we're going to close the mailbag now for Ask Orange Lodge.
That was Orange Lounge, or should I say Ask Orange Lounge.
The segment's over now, so don't send any more questions.
We hope you learned something really useful.
The show's over, so we're going to end the segment right now.
Alright.
Now's the part of the show where we go around and we get everybody's final thoughts.
Let's start with No Stalin.
Thank you for coming tonight, No Stalin.
I know it was your first show.
Kind of an interesting show to have as your first show.
I really like the show, you know.
Good.
Really random and me showing up.
It's cool.
Good times.
Good times.
Good times.
GT, I like to say.
Yes.
Your mom.
Thank you.
Oh, God, that over.
Pixie Dust, your final thought.
I'm laying on the 23rd Magnus, or 69 Magnus, in a salon right now.
I am such a slut, aren't I?
But only one comes home with me tonight.
Well.
That's Rob.
Yes, that's me.
I get to come home.
I'm getting a restraining order.
Shut up.
You fuck face.
Alright, um, let's see.
Uh, moving on.
Um, Magus, your final thought for tonight.
Why'd you have to go ahead and make things so complicated?
Angel, Angel, your final thought for tonight.
I didn't think of one, damn you.
I'm coming out.
Oh my god, it's a milkshake!
Milkshake!
Cheeseburger!
Uh, Loki, your final thought.
I want to sing it to you.
Here it comes.
Loki's going to sing his final thought tonight.
Okay.
No, I'm not.
I'm not going to sing my final thought.
What the hell is this wrapped around?
What the fuck?
Anyways.
At least it's on my chair this time.
Please don't make me sing anymore.
I don't... We have an afterbirth coming up.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Whatever.
I don't care.
Fine.
If they want to be tortured like that, they're masochists in the goddamn chat room.
Fine.
Alright.
We'll see.
Alright.
Is that your final thought?
I'm done, yeah.
My final thought is, wow, I almost peed when Loki sang.
That was amazing.
Loki has driven me to urinary movements in my body.
That is amazing.
The final word of tonight.
Thank you guys for being here.
Next week on the show, season four premiere, Jamie's back in his house and will tell us all about our Alabama trip.
DDR Ultramix is out on the shelves and we'll be giving our impressions if we get a chance to play it, actually, and more craziness.
Tonight's final word I will give to Pixie Dust.
Gets the final word, the one word to sum up the entire show and leave us on.
One man, one way.
One desire.
They went too far.
They broke all the rules.
One man curled the frog as a pimp.
Where's my money?
Where is it?
One man.
One way.
What a weird voice.
That's the only thing that guy could do for a living, you know?
He couldn't be a mechanic or anything.
Hey, how much is that transmission going to cost me?
An arm and a leg.
Thank you.
Just imagine having sex with somebody, that'd be hilarious, you know?
Oh yeah, the desire in your eyes.
The passion between us burns with fire.
Oh yeah, one way in, no way out.
Same babble.
Jean-Claude Van Damme.
In the same crap you've seen over and over and over again.
I'd love to be in one of those movies.
Be like... Crescent Heights was a peaceful community until Amy Anderson moved in.
Hello?
She went to the police, but they couldn't help.
I'm sorry, hasn't done nothing wrong.
So she went to Detective Pablo Francisco.
What's going on?
He's trying to kill me, Pablo!
Double the action.
Triple the excitement.
Get down!
More of the excitement.
Get down again!
With the help of his Mexican girlfriend, Rosa.
Don't worry, Amy, we'll kick his ass, eh?
Call him late at night.
He always can take something stupid and make it cool.
Can't he?
He'll always be like... In the city, he must fight to survive.
He sold tortillas on the corner.
And the mob wanted in.
I don't know who this guy is, but I want him in his tamales.
He's dead!
He had one chance, and his chance was to fight back Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Listen to me, these are my tortillas and I'm not going to give them out.
Listen to me!
In a place where they didn't know his name.
Mijito, who are those men who came here?
What's happening?
Listen to me, listen to me, keep your head down.
They're trying to take my tortillas!
Little Tortilla Boy Thank you very much.
Good night.
God bless you.
Good night.
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
