And now for our feature presentation.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is now on the air.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a live talk program dedicated to all things Bomani and Bensum.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain adult content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen.
If you do let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio, they may turn into evil little demons from hell!
Oh wait, most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Trash, drunk, and stupid is no way to go through, sir.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, makes you look like an ass is what he does, Ed.
Hamburgers!
The cornerstone of any nutritionist's practice.
That was huge.
Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
DarkSakura DarkSakura
Any time, any place, baby.
Loki.
Ow, my foot!
Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 70 for November the 23rd of 2003.
You're tuned in to the Bomani Scene's most underprepared radio station of all things being money.
My name is Rob Roberts, if you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, back from her three-week, two-week vacation, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers, you know her better, DarkSakura.
Hi, long time no talk, I'm cooking, bye.
Tonight she's Iron Chef Sakura right now.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello, I need to, what the hell?
The cords have just...
all mated with each other.
Loki picked up the microphone and it's like taking the Christmas lights out of the box on Christmas.
What the hell is this doing here?
There's like a ribbing cable.
This random printer cord is mixed in too.
Anyway, if we sound a little disorganized tonight, it's because we are.
We have Jamie over here cooking.
We have Loki over here, you know, trying to untangle the cords.
Me, I've been feeling kind of eh this evening.
I'll get into that later.
So I'm just like now getting with it.
My Tylenol is finally kicking in and I can like see again.
Also with us tonight, SayHello20 is here and I know there's no microphone.
Hey, what's up?
Hi, how you doing?
Long time no see.
I was here like two weeks ago.
How could it be that long?
Ah, long enough.
Oh, okay.
Now, what did you bring with you tonight?
It's a surprise.
Alright, don't get... If you really want me to tell them... Nah, tell them first break.
Alright.
Who else did you bring with you here?
Let's have her introduce herself.
Most people who are listening should know her if they go to RBGL, or actually did go to RBGL.
Yeah, but we're a worldwide show.
Yeah, that's right, huh?
Well, here she is.
Miko.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm fine.
How are you?
I'm good.
Welcome to our disorganized mess of a show.
Well, this is fun.
All right.
Well, hey, the fun's just about to start.
We haven't even gotten there yet.
All right.
We're going to take a quick break to try and organize ourselves, and we'll get that surprise ready, and we'll start off the show with it as soon as we come back after a little bit of this and a little bit of that from the Bomani world.
We'll be back.
Thanks for watching!
Hey, did you hear about that show?
What show?
Well, they play a lot of great Fermanian video game music, but if you listen to it, you have to listen to it again within seven days.
Oh, I've heard of that station.
Really?
Yeah, I even listened to it a couple weeks ago.
Hey, what happens to you if you don't listen to it again?
Well, you die.
I, what?
Hey, wait, what's this crazy bitch doing coming out of my computer screen?
Ahhhh!
Orange Lounge Radio, listen or die!
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 70.
If you want to join our chatroom, head on over to www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat, but I warn you guys, it is a fucking madhouse in there tonight.
There's a lot of people there, and I'm having a hard time keeping up with the chatroom, but...
and of course I'm trying to eat as well at the same time.
And Jamie, very delicious.
Good job.
Thank you.
And I usually don't eat fish.
I just made a confession earlier today in one of our buddies' live journal, in Maren Chan's live journal.
I was saying I've never in my life eaten at Red Lobster.
Ever.
Red Lobster's good.
I know, but I've never eaten there.
How do you know it's good if you've never eaten there?
Well, because everybody tells me it's good and I believe my friends usually.
Do you believe everything everyone tells you?
Yes.
You know, Rob, I have some Swampland I could sell you in Arizona.
What?
You have what?
I have some Swampland I could sell you in Arizona.
Really?
Is it by the beach?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Anyway... They have white papers and they're super stupid.
Of course the chat room is going, Of course Rob doesn't eat fish.
He's a fag.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, really funny.
Zero has brought over his sex box.
And with that comes...
DDR Ultramix, which I have not seen at all yet.
And I think a lot of people here haven't really seen this at all yet.
So we're getting to see this for the first time.
Now, a few things first.
A, the wrong cables were brought over.
So we're looking at this game in black and white right now because we're trying to hook... It's overwhelmingly green.
Good.
It's blue, isn't it?
I had heard it was really blue.
Anyway, a few things first.
Component cables were brought over, so A, we can't hook it up to any webcam or anything, so you're just going to have to kind of listen to us.
B, we're looking at it in black and white because we're plugging component cables into a RCA system.
Yeah.
Basically, the way that the screen looks, it's kind of built up as if you're looking at a concert stage.
It's got like a whole little set of Rattray type things on the side, and on the opening screen it has like spotlights on the top, and it's mostly really bright white.
And out of all of those EDR games, it has the coolest menu music.
Yeah, I agree.
So far, just with the menus and everything, I've been incredibly impressed, so... Yeah, I'm sorry, Jamie?
It sort of sounds like porn music, though.
Yeah, it does.
I'm kind of surprised.
Okay, I want to see... I have heard that Do That Fang has a really scandalous gay video to it.
Yeah, you know.
I want to see it.
We figured that you would like this video when you're at my house.
I must see Do That Fang, so if we could play Do That Fang, please.
Alright.
And then you guys can hear this, too.
It's a funny song.
I think we're okay.
I'll just...
Probably better watch the video.
Oh, yeah!
Okay, there's like, wow.
This is the gayest video I've ever seen in my life.
There's like women in fur and half-naked men.
These two chicks are standing in front of a microphone that says the name of their band, Masai.
It's very Britney Spears to me.
They look like Britney Spears clones.
I guess it's two girls.
Oh my god!
They're not wearing pants!
That's awesome!
Goddammit, why can't this be in colors?
Their undies are wide anyway.
My god, I might just have to buy an Xbox for this.
I know the next song you gotta play though.
That was great.
Okay, what's the next song we gotta hear?
Ready Steady Go by Paul Oakenfold.
Ready Steady Go by Paul Oakenfold.
It's an awesome song.
Okay, let's hear Ready Steady Go by Paul Oakenfold.
How did Loki do?
Loki got an A on Do That Thing by Masai.
Yeah, this is a really cool one, and the steps will kind of trip you up halfway through it.
It's really cool.
Oh, it has a lot of steps really close to 3-Days.
All like three minutes?
Oh no.
So edited for length.
Oh yeah, I thought you meant like did I edit?
No, this is the full thing.
But they got all the elements of the song.
Like perfect.
And what I'm really impressed of is the fact that almost all the songs, like the license... Oh my god, a slowdown!
They all have really good steps.
Really?
Except for shiny disco balls.
God, I love that song, though.
It's just so repetitive.
Whoa, speed up!
Alright, that was Ready Steady Go by Paul Oakenfold.
We're playing DDR Ultramix here on Orange Lounge Radio.
No webcam tonight, guys.
Sorry.
We haven't been able to get it working again since the computer upgrade.
And we can't hook Ultramix directly into our video card either because we don't have that either.
They also have a cool song that, of course, most people know it, Castles in the Sky.
Yeah, Castles in the Sky, most people know that song already.
They did a really good job with the steps of that too.
That's cool.
Let's hear one of the remixes.
I'd like to play one of the new remixes for everybody.
The two remixes that are on here right now.
What are the unlocks so far?
The unlocks that I've done so far are the Metal Gear Solid song from Beatmania.
Oh, this is Keep Your Body Movin' by Thuggy D. The cool thing about this Thuggy D guy is the fact that he remixed Absolute and Insertion.
I think most people are pretty convinced that this is just Scotty D from Drop the Bomb.
It's actually not.
Really?
Yeah.
they have a link on the internet to where you can go and get his group information this is very interesting
I haven't heard a DDR song about DDR in a long time.
Really, I thought this was probably the worst song on the whole night.
Yeah, this is definitely like an old Dippy Mania song.
It's interesting, I'll give it that.
Yeah, Ballad For You is in this.
I also unlocked one of the Infinite Prayers.
Oh, cool.
Somebody had told me that Santa Malete, the BLT style, is in Unlock, actually.
No, it's just already in there.
It's out of the box.
Oh, the remix Santa Malete, the new one.
I haven't heard that yet.
Well, it's not new if you play 4-style, but...
Yeah, I haven't heard that.
That's a pretty neat looking background, considering we were looking at it in black and white.
The videos are generally pretty good.
Very interesting.
Alright, maybe one more, for now.
Yeah, let's play the two remixes real quick.
Alright.
Now the quickening, too.
Wait, we'll play a little clip of There For You, we'll just play the clip.
This is There For You by WD.
All right, so this is Absolute.
This is a remix of Absolute by Thuggy D. What is this called?
This is called Cut and Stuff It Mix.
Cut and Stuff It, yeah.
Cut and Stuff Mix.
All right, let's hear it.
And there's the Machine Gun Kelly version insertion once again done by Thuggy D. Well, we'll see.
It gets better in the middle.
Okay, we're going to listen to Absolute Cut and Stuff Mix.
Wow, it sounds like a hoedown all of a sudden.
What the hell was that?
Somebody banging on the piano.
Um, kinda lame.
I didn't like that.
I didn't like that.
Chatroom doesn't seem to care for it much either.
That was disasterific.
Yeah.
Chatroom would like to hear the insertion mix.
It sounds like there's a lot of them that like that little clip.
Alright, we'll play that and then we're going to do some other show and then we'll come back to this later.
Yeah, basically the Absolute sound like a crappy ass happy hardcore slash Disneyland electrical parade.
Interesting.
God damn it, now I'm going to have to buy a fucking Xbox.
No, you'll like the insertion one.
Alright, here we go.
Machine Gun Kelly mix of insertion.
Here's your typical slowdown that you're used to in the normal insertion.
Alright, that was insertion of the machine gun, Cali makes no speedup at the end.
No, and, no, yeah, it was still cool, I like the way that they did it.
I like how someone in the chat room put it, it sounds like a Loki remix.
It kinda does, actually.
It really does.
I mean, Buggy D all around did a good job, except for Absolute.
And I mean, I just wonder if they do make another one for the Xbox, if they do.
From what I understand, this is just more of a promise kept to bring one to it.
What?
Oh, yeah, it's one from Dance Maniacs.
Yeah, I mean, if they do, for the fact, make a new one, I wonder if he's gonna be back doing more stuff.
If he's gonna turn into, you know, Scotty D or... We'll see.
Alright, let's, uh, pull the plug on Ultramix for now.
God, no, turn off the love to me, Jesus.
Alright.
Yeah, we'll play that one.
Maybe later in the show we'll get to the Metal Gear one and the shiny disco balls.
Some people want to hear that too.
Anyway, Ryan, you've been playing this more than anybody else here, really.
Being a DDR fan, what did you think of Ultramix?
And compare it to Max 2 for PlayStation 2.
Well, I mean, you can kind of compare it as out of the box that Max 2 would be better.
But a lot of the redeeming qualities, too...
The Xbox One is the fact that out of the box it's got a couple good remixes and it has a couple new songs that you haven't heard.
And on top of that, it's more of a party game now for the fact that you can have four people playing in your house at the same time.
Which we actually tested around a little bit last night and it's pretty fun because it gets pretty competitive.
Um, on top of that, of course you have the Xbox Live stuff where you can get on there and play up to four people at once.
Um, transferring edits back and forth and stuff like that.
I managed to play against one guy with an edit he had.
And seriously, a lot of these people who made edits are really, really bad.
It almost makes a lot of the Tournament 4 stuff look good.
I mean, it's that sad.
About the Xbox Live, though, can you talk to them while you're playing?
Yeah, when you buy an Xbox Live with the DDR pad, if you look in the front of the DDR pad, it has a part where you can hook your communicator in, and they give you like a stick.
Oh, so it's hooked to the pad?
Yeah, and you can put a memory card in there, too.
Oh.
And the cool thing is they give you a six-foot extension for your headset, because, you know, it only goes down about three feet.
Yeah.
You can get a longer extension for it so you can talk while you're dancing.
It goes into the controller port.
Yeah.
And another good thing, too, that I was really impressed with was the actual pad that comes with it if you buy it.
It's, I mean, I know a lot of people say, oh, we have really good anti-slip stuff.
That pad on the Xbox, I got a running start about 10 feet away, jumped up on it, and it didn't move anywhere.
I was able to play stuff like Suguru really, really well, double ate it.
So, I mean, there's...
No problem with the pad, it's all a really, really good thing all around.
And plus, the online stuff, you're going to be able to download new characters, you're going to be able to download new songs.
And if they keep going at the rate they are with the new songs they've released onto the game itself, and they have those really good steps like that, with the exception of a couple, it's going to prove to be a very good game.
One of my buddies had said he was playing the DDR Xbox online, he was playing through Xbox Live, and he was playing some guy and challenging him, and then at the end he beat this guy, and he heard over the microphone, like he heard a kind of distance, man, this guy just beat me!
Yeah, he says this Xbox Live thing really makes DDR fun.
Well, here's the thing, too, is the fact that if you don't want to go out and spend money at the arcades all the time, and you just want to have a small little DDR at home to play against other people, that's a great way to go, for the fact that you still have your own screen, and, you know, the other person has their own screen, so you're not sharing the screen.
It's a lot of fun, and to hear some of that chatter online is really funny.
Except for the delay, like...
Actually, it's not that bad, because the songs load up on their own.
For one, the chat delay.
Because I know when I was playing PSO for a while, you'd get maybe five seconds in between.
Yeah, it happens occasionally.
But the one thing I like is the fact that both songs don't have to be running totally consecutively, because the Xbox will load it, and it just throws up your... The only thing that it really transmits back and forth is your score, as you play against the other person on the same song.
Have you tried buying the new songs yet?
I hear that you can buy five new songs for five bucks right now on Xbox Live.
Yeah, you can.
I actually haven't had a chance to do it yet because my Cat5 cable is not long enough to reach my Xboxes, so I've got to do it somewhere.
I might do it tonight before I leave here.
Oh.
Or maybe I can do it by the end of the show since we have a spare cable.
That would be interesting.
Yeah, actually, we have a spare cable.
Maybe we could buy the songs.
I can do it with no problem.
I have it all set up to do it.
All right.
So we'll see what comes out.
I don't know if they're selling characters yet, though.
I don't think they're selling characters.
I've only heard that they have the five songs so far for sale.
Um, but there are a couple new songs.
Do you remember?
There was, uh, wasn't Love Will?
No, there was some...
In My Eyes is in it, and, um, crap, I can't remember the other one.
Mine Parasite.
Mine Parasite, and then there was, like, Burning Heat, um, Burn on the Floor, and, like, some other thing.
I heard from what they're gonna try to do is throw as much Extreme stuff in it as possible, as Konami of Japan will allow you.
Well, Colors for Extreme is in here, it's an unlock.
Yeah, I know that.
I've heard, I've heard that.
There's a couple I've heard, but I really wanna see how well they do it.
I'd also heard that Santa Muerte, the BLT style from Force Style is in there too.
That would be a fun unlock, I think.
The problem with the unlocks on here, and it's not even so much a problem, it's like, after you play one song, which anyone who plays this probably won't mind knowing, the Metal Gear song from Beatmania, it's the first song you unlock.
You unlock Santa, if I remember correctly, by, I think, double-a-ing or passing Santa on all difficulties.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll have to try that.
I also know that there's some...
There is supposedly an unlock everything code, like how 2DX had.
If you got 573 or something like that, it would unlock everything.
There's supposedly something like that on the Xbox, though I'm not sure exactly how they plan on having it done.
I wouldn't say Ultramix is better than the Extreme Japanese yet.
Because it doesn't have as many songs.
Out of the box, it's got like 38 songs.
And you can only unlock like 9 more.
Which, that's the real assy part about it.
You know what though?
It's all credit for Ultramix.
It's great because it's like new.
They've made old stuff look really new.
Like, you know, they've kind of...
Redone the interface, and like Loki said, the stage select music is awesome.
They have some innovative new modes with the whole live play and the four player thing.
They've really taken steps in the right direction.
I've got to totally credit Konami of Hawaii making an interesting DDR mix.
Supposedly also there's a mode with the arrows where if you step on a certain arrow it gives more life to your life bar or something like that too.
Yeah, it's supposedly one of the unlockable modes.
There's supposed to be two new unlockable modes.
I just don't know about it yet.
But yeah, I mean, this mix all together is shaping up to be really good if they keep up on those downloads.
I mean, it's really cool if they do have five new songs, but what I don't want to see is they go, you know, maybe a few weeks, because it's supposed to be like every two weeks I think they're going to do that, or once a month, and what'll be stupid is if they drop it after two months and they never do it, because I don't think they will for the fact they can make the money.
But, you know, it's happened with stuff like that before.
Let's see, the unlockables.
They've got, of course, the Metal Gear Solid 2 Mission R by LED from Beatmania.
To unlock that, you get any grade of an A on any song.
Gradient 6 Cyber by Taka.
That's another unlock.
Double A any song.
Put Your Faith in Me Saturday Night Mix.
Quit a song.
I quit it because my phone rang.
and Paranoia Rebirth.
Get a C or higher for Paranoia Eternal on all three difficulties.
Colors for Extreme.
Play a lot of songs.
It starts getting like that.
Healing Vision and Angelic Mix.
Get a C or higher for Healing Vision on all three difficulties.
Santa Mor... whatever.
The BLT style for Santa is...
Gasee or higher for any Santa song, or for Santa on all three difficulties.
Max 300, AAA any song or pass it on Roulette, and Orion 78 Civilization Mix Beat Challenge Mode.
Those are all the unlocks.
I mean, that's good unlock stuff, though, right there.
I'm just curious to see what they're going to sell.
If they sell any of the other Maxes or anything.
I still don't like the idea of unlocking old songs, but since this is Xbox's first mix, we'll let it slide.
And the fact that there is some really good stuff that you do unlock in there.
There's the one concern, though, is how people are going to cheat the system.
and the only... I think that people are going to find a way to do it, though.
To copy them.
Not that I would encourage it, you know.
I would expect for people to... To copy the downloads?
Well, yeah.
Like what we do for Phantasy Star with the Game Shark.
And a laptop.
That's all you need.
But, you know, I'd just like to encourage, you know, for anyone who's listening who has the game or plans on getting it for the Xbox, go ahead and buy your downloads.
Don't, you know, don't try to cheat the system.
In this case.
Yeah, because then they'll make new DDRs and blah blah blah, everybody's happy.
I mean, for the symbol case, I mean, you bought, I mean, if you're buying Xbox, if you're buying the Xbox version, obviously you're buying it so you can play online and so you can download new songs.
You know, if you're gonna sit there and steal the songs, then what's gonna end up happening is they're gonna be like, oh, well, we're not making enough profit off this game, so there's absolutely no reason for us to make another game.
Then DDR will be dead and it'll be all your fault!
Yeah, I mean, this is a really cool game.
And if you make it so another one's not going to come out, I'm going to come out and personally kick your ass.
You know what I'm hoping?
I'm thinking, this may be a way out here statement that I'm going to get my butt kicked for.
Way out there statement I'm going to get my butt kicked for.
But maybe if DDR is successful enough on the Xbox, Microsoft will have the balls to tell them to bring 2DX over here.
Pray, pray, hope, hope
Rumor is, now take this with grain of salt, rumor is apparently this was published in some Konami newsletter in Japan this week.
Seven styles on its way, 80 songs.
So we'll see.
Happy.
We don't know any details yet, but we will keep our eyes posted.
Well, you know what I was thinking that could be possible for them to do, especially on Xbox?
Keyboard mania.
There is a US keyboard mania release for PC.
I remember we talked about it on one show here and information was scarce as it is so it was a really under-promoted thing.
I mean, just think about it.
If it's on the PC, it can go on the Xbox, no problem.
Right.
So, perhaps they might decide to try that one.
It'd be the way Keyboard Mania was, a very small market, but bring it out, put enough of a price tag on it, and they'll make their money back.
I know, if there was enough interest to keep that PC one alive when we barely know anything about it,
and, you know, some people actually consider our station a source of news.
Shock.
We barely know anything about it.
I don't know how this Keyboard Mania thing is making its money on PC.
One last thing about the Ultra Mix that's kind of cool is if you have a metal pad for the PlayStation 2,
You can go to Fry's or whatever your main heavy hitter electronics store is and buy a little $20 adapter and you can use it on the Xbox because it actually does work because it's mapped out to the buttons.
So you can actually use your metal pads or even if you don't want to spend the money on a new Microsoft pad and you have PlayStation 1s laying all around, spend $21.74 and go and buy an adapter.
And you can play all your games.
And it's really worth it for the fact that, I mean, some people also don't like the Xbox controller for pretty much anything, or fighting games and stuff.
You can always use the PlayStation controller, too.
It's worth using.
Okay.
You guys want to take a break, or you want to just go into some how was your week, how was your day?
Because I know we've got a lot to talk about here.
Alright, well, Jamie, you were gone for some time here Two whole weeks Two whole weeks, that's a long time, you know
Well, how was your month?
How was your day?
Well, Mara and Sean went with me to Alabama.
We stayed at my grandmother's place.
Basically, it was a lot of running around in my grandma's car and finding people and seeing old friends and visiting and doing some gaming, which made me happy because I haven't done any gaming since the last time I was in Alabama.
I got to see a lot of people I really missed.
We watched so many movies while I was there.
Finally saw The Ring.
Finally.
Multiple times while I was there.
And then we rented Ringu and it was okay, but I like The Ring.
And then we saw Scary Movie 3 and Kill Bill again.
And the third Matrix movie, which was...
Um, which everything in that movie happened exactly how I expected it to except for the very end, which I'm not going to spoil for anybody.
Um, I'm not answering any questions on that.
Yeah, he turns into a bunny and scampers off into the sunset.
Um,
And you thought all those how far does the rabbit hole thing go was all just like, you know, metaphors.
Uh-uh.
He was going on a skateboard in a little, you know, vest with a pocket watch going, I'm late.
He was fighting Smith and then all of a sudden the wild stallions come in.
Yeah, all of a sudden Alex Winter shows up like, dude, we're in the wrong movie.
Kill me now.
Anyway.
You know, I really wanted to go to the French Quarter while I was there, but I didn't get to.
We just got into New Orleans, drove back, although we did eat at a really nice buffet at the Beaurevage in Biloxi.
And it was free.
And, let's see, I played DDR at Cyber Station.
The Dance Maniacs machine is gone and that made me cry.
Really?
Yeah, and the DDR machine there was kind of crap.
I twisted my knee playing on that machine, but then again I hadn't played any DDR for a month because of that nasty sinus infection I had.
I never got a chance to go find the Beatmania machine.
I found out where it is.
It was at the mall.
I used to work at it, Springdale Mall.
And they're renovating the mall.
They're rebuilding the whole center of it.
So they moved the machine, actually, to a little, I think it's like a network gaming place slash arcade.
But it's over, for anyone who lives in that area who might be listening to the show, it's on Moffett Road by University.
Just this little sort of hole-in-the-wall gaming place.
But I didn't get a chance to go.
I have an off-topic question.
Oh.
What is up with those networking gaming places?
I've seen them popping up everywhere lately, like here in Sacramento, where Orange Orange is based.
I've seen at least three brand new network gaming places in the area.
There was one that we passed on the way up here.
Are they really that popular?
I've never been to one in my life.
They're going to go the way of the dot-com business.
They're like QZAR to me.
I'm not talking bad about QZAR.
I'm just saying QZAR is everywhere for about a year, and then suddenly they all disappear like that.
That's because Kezar Corporate went under, and then all the places stopped, you know, they stopped making the things, and now you have to play with the guns that are already built.
Different reasons, same outcome.
Sorry, Jamie.
Um, yeah.
Um, anyway, uh, I have completely forgot where I was, thank you very much.
You were playing DDR in the Beatmania Machine.
Yeah, I never got to play the Beatmania Machine.
What I had been told was a sixth mix, and I wanted to play it.
I took my mom out to dinner for her birthday at the original Oyster House, which is like the best seafood place in the universe.
All the seafood that they cook there is all locally caught stuff.
This is really yummy.
Fresh catfish and... Wait, wait, wait, wait.
All kinds of food.
Better than Red Lobster?
Red Lobster, okay, Red Lobster's good, but nothing beats fish caught in the Gulf.
And I have to say this, you eat seafood out here, all the West Coast seafood, does not taste as good as seafood caught on the East Coast.
I'm sorry, it does not.
It has this sort of weird flavor to it.
Real seafood is in the south.
And I got to eat fried okra, which made me happy because nobody out here knows how to cook fried okra right?
Because they make it all slimy and icky.
I ate the Cracker Barrel.
It made me sick because I'm not used to country cooking anymore.
But it was pretty good.
I enjoyed it.
What else did I do?
We rented lots of movies, like I said.
I got to see Undercover Brother.
That was like the funniest movie ever.
Not really much else happened.
Oh yeah, we went to Walmart a lot.
Super Walmart.
There's two of them.
I was so happy because I loved Super Walmart.
Now I've heard that associated with the South before.
They're, well, they can't have Super Walmarts out here.
There's like one, and it's in, what, Chico.
Well, they're going to open a Super Walmart in Chico.
But Chico is, you know, just like most rural parts of the nation, so.
It's, well, Mobile's hardly rural.
I know, but, I don't know how to put it.
Forget it.
But, um, but then maybe it's this College Town thing, I don't know.
Maybe.
But, um, the, uh.
We went there like practically every night.
It's like, we're bored, let's go to Walmart.
It reminds me of college.
When I was going to school, it was Walmart or Bruno's, the grocery store to go get liquor.
But, I'm sorry.
I got my transcripts from school.
Yay, so I can go back to school.
Man, this pisses me off.
I ordered two copies of my transcripts.
You know, two sealed copies.
So if I go to one school and want to go to the other, I can have both of those copies.
They only sent me one of them.
So I have to call them and bitch and fuss and moan.
Complain, complain.
Um...
The flight back was bumpy.
We went through this torrent right before we got into New Orleans.
There was an accident and it was all kind of crappy.
But our flights left within five minutes of each other.
We had everything timed so well, you know, when our flights were leaving and everything.
The ride to Denver was bumpy, the flight to Sacramento was pretty smooth, and then I got in town and was like, hey, it's cold.
By the way, Mobile has the most bipolar weather ever.
It's like, I'm hot, I'm cold, I'm hot, I'm cold, I'm hot, I'm cold.
It's like menopause or something.
Anyway, it was really kind of warm.
Of course, it was humid the whole time.
But around Thursday-ish, it got really cold, like in the 50s or so.
It was coat weather.
And then Monday, hi, I'm hot.
It's 80.
Look, the sun's out.
And people drive really slow there.
And...
I came back feeling really happy That's the best place anyone can go for a vacation because it's relaxing
No one's going to rush you or anything.
People are polite.
California sucks.
I mean, there's more to do here, but I think the vast majority of people out here just suck.
I said vast majority, not everybody.
Of course the people that I associate with, that I consider my friends, are in the non-suck portion of the community.
Well, okay.
But most everybody else...
There's not as many polite people.
No one's going to smile at you when you walk down the road or nod their head high or hold a door for you or be considerate.
People are too much in a hurry.
I smile at other people when I've gotten a raise.
And they probably look at you like you just escaped from the asylum.
Like when I've gotten a raise at work or something.
You never see the difference until you've been away from it for so long.
That it was just, I don't know, it was sort of almost disappointing to come back.
Almost disappointing.
But I mean, this is of course where my home is and I couldn't imagine living anywhere else.
But still it was just, I found myself getting homesick right when I got off the plane so it was really weird.
And as for my day, I got back and decided to try the test server for Ragnarok.
So I'm on the Sakurai server, enjoying it.
I'm supposed to be finishing up the last chapter of my fanfic, but I've only barely started it.
And, you know, work was work.
One good thing, though, I realized once I counted everything up, I only worked six days this entire month.
But you get paid for it all, right?
Oh, hell yeah.
Right on.
Because we got two holidays this month, my vacation, and plus we get two days off for Thanksgiving.
So it works out cool for me.
Anything else?
I am glad to be back.
Don't get me wrong.
Welcome back.
I am glad to be back.
You didn't miss a lot on the show, just Loki singing.
Oh, good.
Anything else you want to share?
All right.
Loki.
How was your day?
How was your week?
Today was okay until the power went out.
Then I went down to Golfland to meet with Keith again to show him something that he wanted to see.
He wanted to see the iPack to see how big it was.
So I went down there to go see him and he wasn't there again.
Surprise.
So I ended up playing some Guitar Freaks and some 4th Plus and No Extreme and a little bit of F-Zero.
and earlier this week I was still set on my computer getting it all working fine I'm busy in the I'm kind of in the process of right now of
Getting my copies of certain programs that I don't own to put them on my computer.
So I was busy downloading my updated software and all that.
I got a few other games I need to try out.
I just got Simpsons Hit and Run, which looks pretty good.
And then Celebrity Deathmatch, which looks kind of fun.
And then Midnight Club 2 didn't work for me.
For some reason, the image...
I've been working on
A list of something for a secret something that I'll be doing later.
I can't really say right now because I just can't.
It's not close to completion yet.
But on this list right now there's a good over 600 things on this list.
So it's a long list that I need to work on.
Anyways, so I've been doing that and I was going to work on the webpage.
Orange Lounge, but I never got around to it.
And... Yeah.
And also... Yeah, I don't know.
My show's in limbo right now, too.
So... I don't know.
It's been like that.
Kind of like a whole week's been in limbo.
That's pretty much it.
Alright.
Yeah, more programming notes to come after the next break.
There's some important programming notes that we'll need to get out of the way and take care of.
Thank you for watching!
I went out to Spike and Mike's Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation over downtown, and it's the third year in a row I've gone, and there's some pretty funny shit this year, namely the ninjas was funny, and what else was there that was good?
Something about this giant stick figure that was a condom, that was pretty good.
Happy Tree Friends, as always, was a winner, but the best...
By far, here comes Dr. Tran.
Fucking hilarious.
If you want to visit www.beyondgrandpa.com and get all the information on, oh shit, it's Dr. Tran, it's great and would be well worth your visit.
So that was fun.
And then yesterday I hung out with Jamie for a while where we worked on a couple of the new promos you'll be hearing.
And got to see my buddy Eddie who's in from out of town.
Made some home movies.
Yeah.
DarkSakura.com
and my eyes started hurting which kind of sucked but I took Tylenol and it's better now and I'm hoping I didn't catch whatever LankyStyle had because he had an eye infection the other day but
I don't think it was Pink Eye though.
It was just something where the eyes were like really, really hurting.
I don't know.
But I think I'm okay because I took Tylenol and I feel better.
So maybe it was just psychological.
I don't know.
So that was pretty much my week and my day.
Anyway, Zero or Miko, you guys have anything you want to share about your week and your day?
We haven't heard from Miko much this show.
Does she have anything you want to share anything about your week and your day?
You talk into the microphone, you just say, hi people, and this is what's good and this is what sucks, or whatever.
Yes, it is on.
Yes.
If you don't talk, they'll make me sing.
Please, talk.
Sing!
Yes!
No!
Yes!
No!
Loki does not sing.
We bring that out on special occasions and rating stunts only.
What'd you do yesterday?
I can't remember.
Did you go to Golfland at all this week?
Yeah, Friday.
Did you play anything interesting while you were there?
DDR Extreme.
Right on.
What was the last big song you passed in DDR Extreme?
Ooh, Cartoon Heroes!
Right on!
But I already passed that, like, when it first came out.
Oh.
But we just did it again, though.
I mean, you see, I could pass Cartoon Heroes when it first came out, but then I didn't play DDR for a while, and I started getting... Who's Rice Princess?
Um, that is Rice Princess.
And she goes to RVGL, too.
Oh.
Hi.
Irene?
Oh, hi!
Mika looks like a poor deer in the headlights right now with a microphone in her hand.
She's like, they can hear me?
Can they?
Oh my god.
Hello, is this thing on?
You know what, I could pass Cartoon Heroes when DDR Extreme first came out too and then I didn't go for playing for a long time and I got fat and older and then I couldn't beat it, but I can beat it again.
Likewise.
Yes, but I'll go...
After I Beat It, which isn't a lot of fun, so I only do that at birthday parties now and special occasions.
So, that being said, anything else you'd like to share with our listeners, Mikael, for now?
About your week and your day?
What do you think of Ultramix?
Oh, I think it's cool.
It is pretty cool.
I just need a pad that needs to be slippery so I can do the moonwalk.
Do you have an Xbox?
No, but my dad was going to buy me one.
I wish my dad would buy me an Xbox.
No fair.
But my mom said no because she's a loser.
Well, no.
She just wants what's best for you.
Which means less games and more chores.
Oh, exactly.
I have three jobs, by the way.
Dang, what jobs?
I'm a caregiver downtown.
Okay.
And I work for 31 Baskin Robbins and Rancho.
Okay.
Is that the one that's at Dunkin' Donuts, too?
I guess not, forget it.
No, but we have the coffee dunk by Dunkin' Donuts.
Alright, good enough.
And what's the third one, if you wanted to share?
Um, and I work at my school.
Alright.
Hooray for school.
Yeah, that's why I like going to school, because I get paid.
All right, right on.
Okay, so let's hear from Zero.
We haven't heard from Zero yet.
How was your week and your day, Mr. Zero?
Bleh.
No, it was okay.
You have your lower lip sticking out like you're pouty about something.
I had to spend, like, every dime I had on my piece of shit fucking car.
Oh.
You know, I only paid $100 for that car, so I wouldn't feel so bad if I set it in a nice, happy roll and then jumped out and let it crash into a wall or incoming traffic.
It's... God, my door doesn't shut.
So I had to tie it with a shoestring.
You're telling me it's ghetto.
I know my car's ghetto.
Nah, it's something easy to fix, it's just I don't have the 50 bucks for the stuff I need to fix it.
Um, I'm kinda pissed off for the fact that it says that the song pack 1 for Ultramix is released and yet they won't update their fucking sites.
to tell you what's out.
There's a lot of stuff that Xbox Live is screwing up on right now.
Somebody had showed me a site that had the X... I thought it was an Xbox site.
No, I know it tells... No, it's not... I'll tell you right now it's not Xbox because I'm on it.
Oh, okay.
They're just totally making it look like crap.
They're still stuck in...
I think you need an Ultramix party.
I was thinking about it.
I just gotta figure out how to plan it and when to... I mean, I know how to plan it, I just don't know when.
I think I need to finish my cabinet.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I got these two, like, wonderful DDR pads not being used at all.
They're just kinda sitting there.
Dude, you have your coin door.
That is hella cool.
I have everything, and that's why I'm broke.
We're gonna install the coin door into the laundry machine for the meantime.
I like that idea.
It's a lot of people.
It's just a joke.
And she cooked us dinner tonight, so do laundry here all you want.
Bring fish and you can...
Now I know why we couldn't download anything.
I'm looking at their service status, and it says that it's down.
Oh, that sucks.
And I bet you if I go back to it, it'll say that it's up, and then it'll say it's down.
But, um, no, yeah, I want to get everybody together, just to come over and have another B-Money party, because I miss it.
But money parties are fun, and I'm sorry I missed your last one.
I, um, I think I just was having my period.
You didn't miss much.
The only person who was there was Garrett.
Well, Garrett's cool, I know, I know, there's nothing to say he's a bad person, but hardly anybody showed up.
It was kind of, yeah.
But, um, oh, and my friend Alex from my work came, too.
But, um, yeah, I want to try to get something big and just have a bunch of fun.
We should do, like, a Christmas party or something.
and we could have a gift exchange, wouldn't that be fun?
you're the only one who finds that entertaining I think instead of a Christmas party we should have like a Hanukkah party because nobody ever has Hanukkah parties we should make up our own type of holiday everyone else is doing it everyone else is making up a holiday, why not?
or a winter solstice yeah, we need the Yule party where we like burn a log or we get the TV log
Great.
No, I don't know.
I want to get everybody together just because we haven't done it in a long time and every time we get together it's a lot of fun.
No idea.
We don't know a lot of these people in our chatroom, Miko.
They're just there.
They just start showing up.
They just started showing up and we haven't kicked them out yet, so...
There are our neighbors, your friends.
No, we love all our new chatters.
Hello to all the new chatters.
I've seen some new faces pop up this past couple weeks, so it's exciting.
And our old chatters, too.
Yeah, and Xbox Live's up now.
What are the odds of that one?
It's everywhere now.
We're not just... We're fucking big.
It's sad.
Anything else you want to share about your week and your day?
I managed to make it here today.
Congratulations, that is an accomplishment.
Honestly, throughout this Christmas season, I have no idea how many days I'm going to be here.
Because I work in the mall.
I mean...
Yeah.
It's alright, you know.
Well, the thing is that I'm trying to get coming back here every week.
Now that I have a car and stuff, kind of, that walks really fast but doesn't run.
Once I get this work schedule figured out, there'll be some nights hopefully I'll get here.
Either that or I'll just come here late, if anything.
Yeah, the mall closes at 6, right?
Yeah, the mall closes at 7.
Extended hours now.
Dope!
Yeah, so I mean, there's some people closing way late for no apparent reason.
So we'll see.
I'm still going to try to get here, and if not, I'll just get here late.
I've got to at least show up at some point.
They can't work you too hard.
There are labor laws.
Yes, but there's ways to get around labor laws.
It's very easy.
Anybody can lie these days.
You know who his boss is.
Yes, I know who his boss is.
And you think his boss would be sympathetic to the situation that there's this Orange Lounge radio program.
But no, that just makes him want to make him work more on Sunday nights.
Anyway.
What?
You heard what?
What'd you hear?
I heard that TDX is going to be at Sunsplash.
Eh, that's a rumor that always comes up, but we don't... I think they want to get it, but maybe the people that actually buy the games don't.
Oh man.
Okay.
They were going to get Derby Owner's Club.
That's before they found out it was going to be $60,000 for a four-player cabinet.
And they said, fuck it, because it's been out for a while and it's not making the money it used to.
And it would take over a year to make the money back on it.
So they said, fuck it.
But they do have $120,000 to spend on arcade games for this coming year.
So, it's a possibility.
I honestly don't want it there, because I think it'll get fucked up the same way that, you know, the one that Scandia does.
And I'd rather them, like, upgrade their Complete Mix 2 to a Beat Me in the Final, or even, like, I don't know if it's possible, upgrade Machine 2 to a Beat Me in the Final, or something like that.
But I'd rather them do that because at least it gets some play out of it and clean up the machine a bit and replace the coin door on it and stuff.
What else?
Oh, they were... Well, they're supposed to get another DDR machine there.
I can't say.
But there's possibly a new DDR machine coming in there.
It's touring.
It's from another golf land.
Yeah, one, uh, speaking of arcades, let's bring up hell and talk about Scandia.
Scandia, you thought Scandia was ghetto before.
You look at the Xtreme machine, it has no top.
It's, uh, they totally ripped the whole thing off the top.
There's no speakers, there's no marquee, there's no lights.
There's, for Xtreme,
No, it gets even better.
They left the bass speakers on there because you can't really get rid of them.
It's like they went to Kmart and bought a $150 little mini stereo system because there's two really shitty speakers on top, like the detachable ones off of a boombox or something.
They're sitting up there, like, you can't hear it, of course.
I mean, who... It wouldn't even matter.
They don't care anymore.
I've actually heard them say they don't care anymore.
That was the, you know, the shift managers were saying that, and also the main guy there doesn't care.
They care more about that stupid fucking Hick shooter game than they care about anything else.
Because people have been blowing money in their left and right.
That's what we need to be teaching the people in the ghetto, to shoot white people.
I would love to take the camera over to Scandia and get a picture of that assy machine, though.
It's there, but hey, their 2DX machine works.
Wow.
And it's a miracle.
I've got some Scandia tokens I need to blow.
You know what, I think I want to actually call the owners.
I think I, you know... Have a ball.
I have all the stuff to hook a recorder up to my telephone.
Record the conversation and put it on air.
It'll be funny.
I'll do it.
Not if you said that you're recording at the beginning of the phone call.
That's why every time you call a customer service place, they say this call may be recorded.
Say you want to interview them for a local radio station.
I'll do it.
Why does your arcade suck so bad?
Yeah, nobody cares.
They're losing money.
They asked me that again.
The other day, the Shift Magic guy comes up, and this is the guy who's like, oh man, you should apply here because it seems like you really care about the games.
I'm like, no, thank you.
But he's like, why are all your friends not coming here anymore?
I said, look at your DDR machine.
He said, what?
He said, it looks like my computer on top of some speakers.
There's nothing on there.
He said, yeah, well, that's because the speakers didn't work.
I said, if the speakers didn't work, you don't have to take the whole top off.
and he's like, yo, there's some other legal issues coming up.
How about this?
Keith went to RVGL.
Well, no, it's not that.
They said legal issues came up, so I wonder if someone, you know, ragged on him about having their extreme or something like that.
Oh please, that would be the first case I've ever heard of anywhere where somebody said something like that Well for the fact that they said legal issues makes me wonder what it was They're retarded, they don't know what the hell they're talking about Some stupid baby fell off the machine and now they have a lawsuit My kid was climbing the machine, fell down and cracked his head open So you need to remove that so he doesn't climb Darwinism at work
The music coming from that machine is making my child gay.
You need to remove that machine.
It's making people gay.
Why do we have to listen to all this Jap music?
We live in the United States of America, not Japan.
Keep your music to your own country.
Thank you.
No, one funny thing last night, too, I was standing there playing 2DX, and I was playing Dancer, and I didn't have the effects on, because it sounds like absolute shit with the effector on, and this lady's all, that's too loud, they can't hear the music game, and I was like, oh, I'm sorry about that, when she wasn't looking, I hit the effector, which was on Surround 1, so it was just this loud, blaring, screeching noise the whole way through it, she started, like, crying about it, it was pretty funny.
Miko's just kind of sitting in the corner, and sometimes, like, she's kind of like, she'll just sit there, and then she'll point at something in the chat, and she'll go, I know her!
I know her!
I know her!
I know him!
I know him!
And then you try to give her the microphone so she can say hi to them, and she does nothing.
Immediately clams up.
For the record, I love the artichoke dip from the Hufflepuff bar.
Hufflepuff bar.
Hufflepuff bar.
Anyway, let's take a break because we've gone like an hour now without a break.
So I think we need to take a break.
When we come back, we're going to have... I want to do a cage match first.
We're going to do a cage match first?
Fine.
We'll do a cage match first.
We'll do FUs later.
Cage match when we come back from this break with more just cornucopia of Bimani music.
We'll be back.
Thanks for watching!
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bomani Music and More program.
Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights.
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki?
The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now, if any of you sons of bitches...
Got anything else to say?
Now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 70.
In progress.
How's everybody doing?
I'm getting pissy because I can't find the cage match pick I want for tonight on my computer.
Hold on.
It's been on the whole time.
No, it's okay because it's muted.
Dude, I can mute them here and then they don't go past my computer.
Well, what's up?
Hi, Rob.
Hi.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
I hate you.
Hey, Rob.
What?
So did you hear about last week's cage match?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, because I didn't have a song for you.
We did a reverse cage match.
And we nominated four songs to be booted off the station forever.
And did you know that Loki chose as one of his songs to be banned from the station forever?
He picked Holic.
Bitch.
No, I would so overrule that.
I know.
I'd use my chickly veto power.
Your tits.
Where's the other ferret?
Anyway, yes, last week in the Orange Lounge Radio cage match, we had a reverse cage match, and Nancy and the Boys Complicated from Speed 10 was banned forever.
Are you okay with that?
Yeah.
Okay, making sure.
Would I have a problem with that?
Nope.
Okay, so Nancy and the Boys Complicated, gone forever.
So now we're back to our normal cage match, so we have to flash back to episode number 68, where Loki had a brand new remix that debuted, and it won.
So this is the way the cage match works, we're going to play three songs for you guys, so you guys head on over to our chat room, www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
and you can vote for your favorite and your favorite by your votes determines the winner which goes into rotation all week long on Orange Blouse Radio.
A message for S Ghost?
Yes.
By the way, go to a strip club or hire a hooker.
What was that for?
Whatever.
Oh, I see.
Okay, so let's hear the first song you can vote for tonight.
I would say last week's winner, but it's actually two weeks ago's winner.
Battle Without an Honor or Humanity, the 88 Severed Limbs mix by the one and only Loki.
Enjoy!
You only get to hear a clip of it because it did win last week, so we'll start about halfway in.
Alright, that's the first song you can vote for tonight is Battle Without a Honor or Humanity, the 88 Severed Limbs mix.
And, um, so, um, you can vote for that one.
Or you can vote for this next one, which is Jamie's pick.
Hey, Stop Fighting About Par Par.
We're trying to do a show here, hello!
Jamie, what song did you pick for tonight's K-Dress?
I brought something by Utah Saints.
Yes, it's FIFA 2001, actually.
I think it was done for FIFA 2001, but it's something else and I couldn't find the title again.
So we'll just call it FIFA 2001.
Okay.
Alright, so this is Jamie's pick for tonight's K-Dress.
They say the title in the song, though, somewhere.
Okay.
Something Hyper Beat or something.
Alright, well any particular reason you're picking this song?
Because I like Utah Saints, and we've never had one, so I picked one.
Alright, here it is, second song you can vote for tonight, Jamie's pick, Utah Saints with FIFA 2001.
Enjoy!
Check it out!
Power!
Power!
Power to the people!
Power to the people and the beast!
Okay, that was Utah Saints with, what was the real name of that song, Loki?
Power to the Beats.
Oh, thank you, DarkSakura, Power to the Beats.
We were calling it FIFA 2001, because it was from the FIFA 2001 game.
Well, not from the game, it was like, for reference.
It was in the game, too.
Okay, so your thoughts, Jamie?
I like Utah Saints, it gets a 9.
Loki!
I actually really did enjoy that song, and I wish I would have heard it before now.
Because I think it was definitely a good song.
I would give it an 8 or 9.
I would ask Miko what she thinks because she's on the phone, so she loses.
Alright, so their song number two you can vote for tonight.
Utah Saints with Power to the... People?
Beats.
Power to Beats.
Power to People!
Alright.
The song I wanted to pick for tonight's cage match I couldn't find and that kind of pisses me off.
Well, it's okay.
I have this backup because I was going to do this song at some point eventually anyway.
I just didn't want to do it tonight, but I'll do it tonight.
Okay, what did you think of that song, Mika?
Here, catch.
Come in!
Hello.
Hey, Jonas, what's up?
Mika, what did you think of that song?
You thought it was, is it on?
Oh, yeah, hi, oh, sorry What did you think of the song?
I thought it was cool I think, I wasn't really listening And what did you think of it on a scale of 1 to 10?
Lower, lower, lower I don't know, can we listen to it again?
No, we can't listen to it again
I don't know, I've heard better.
It gets a duh, alright.
I give it a three.
I want a three.
Okay, three and a half.
She says it's good and then gives it a three.
Okay!
I think that vote doesn't count because she wasn't paying attention.
Well, none of our votes count.
It's up to the chatroom in the end, so fair enough.
Maybe it's for the best that way.
Anyway, my pick for tonight is from a new dance compilation out there.
It's Now Dance 2004 from Britain.
And this is Mel C, one of the Spice Girls, but that's okay.
It's the Spice Girl that can sing.
Baby Spice?
Sporty Spice.
The one with the bad teeth?
On a mission, yeah, yeah, yeah If you're with me, raise your hands, yeah, yeah, yeah Got no inhibitions, it's our decision We're gonna have a good time It's easier to let go Than giving to yourself tonight
Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're with me raise your hand Yeah, yeah, yeah, got no inhibitions
Alright, that was Mel C with Yeah Yeah Yeah.
Jamie.
What?
Mel C, Yeah Yeah Yeah.
It was kind of repetitive and made me think of that Britney Spears song that's in Fifth Mix.
So, no offense, but it gets like a 6.8.
Alright, Loki.
You know, this just goes to show you...
You know, they can leave the Spice Girls, but they still suck.
I don't care if I turn to you, this is crap.
It gets a 3, because it's good.
It gets a 10.
Loki doesn't know what he's talking about, and LC's awesome.
Zero.
You chose this song, didn't you, Rob?
Of course.
That explains all of it.
Um, the song really, really sucks.
Probably the worst song I've ever heard next to... Peanut Butter Jelly Time?
So, I've got a whole arsenal of MP3s I can dig out for you, Zero.
I don't care.
It still sucks and it gets less than a zero.
It gets less than me.
No, that sucked.
I never want to hear it again.
It gets like a one.
That's it.
Alright, Miko?
It's good.
I give it a one.
Battle Without a Honor or Humanity 88 Severed Limb Mix
Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is Utah Saints with FIFA 2001, the, what the hell is the name of it again?
Power to the Beats.
Power to the Beats, thank you.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Mel C with Yeah Yeah Yeah.
All right, send those votes over private message now, now, now to Sky.
I'm in the chat room.
Hello, how are you?
Wait, Jamie, before you get to the picture thing, because we're not ready for a break yet.
I wanted to talk, because I know you wanted to talk about this earlier.
You picked up a new game this week.
You passed up Ultramix to get your Eurobee collection, but you did get a new game this week, right?
Final Fantasy X-2, not X. Final Fantasy X-2.
People, it's 10, not X. Run the numerals.
Say it with me.
Ten, two.
Everybody?
X2?
12?
Is it Final Fantasy 12?
To piss Jamie off, I'll be calling it X2 all night long.
X2.
So what did you think of X2?
I don't know.
That game doesn't exist.
What did you think of Final Fantasy 12?
You know, the posters for that game look pretty neat, and the main character's hot.
And actually, yes, they do have pictures of the game up on the internet now.
So what do you think about Final Fantasy, I mean, Charlie's Angels, the game?
That was just like... That was great.
I love the game, I'm having a great time with it, although my big disappointment came when they brought in my man, because in the Japanese version my favorite voice actor is his voice, the guy with one leg, and his voice is okay in the US one, but I'm getting a Japanese one coming up probably in a month or so, so I get to hear it later.
It's not bad.
The whole Albed thing is back, you know, where you pick up the primer and everything, but it doesn't really interfere with the game.
It's pretty neat so far.
I'm about, I think, up on the fourth, fifth mission.
I'm enjoying it.
Although, make sure that you have plenty of healing implements and as much magic refill things as you can right at the beginning of the game because it gets pretty tough.
But the whole Dressphere thing is pretty neat.
I'll probably pick it up and play through it because I played through 10 and I played through all the other ones and it's what I do.
But yeah.
Ah, Darkchild says that at E3 they called it X2.
They're idiots.
Just saying.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, X is not actually how it is.
Thank you.
This isn't Mega Man.
They're just tailgating off the X-Men.
I don't know.
You see, because I really... I would find that person and shoot them in the head.
X this.
You know, I really liked Final Fantasy VIII.
It was really cool.
But this one's okay too, I guess.
I think everybody should get over it.
It's a game name.
But thanks to a link provided by... Who did I get that from?
From Nikari earlier.
We've got an MP3 of the English opening.
Yes, and I have to... We're going to need to skip forward just a little bit in the MP3.
Well, I'm going to have to unpack it first.
But we'll get to that after everybody's review.
We'll get to it after everybody's review because I have to unpack it first.
You know what?
They had another version of the intro.
They translated the intro.
The one that they were going to do, oh my God, they had the worst singer ever.
It sounded worse than the Best of Move 2 music.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, they actually had an English speaking person doing the intro, the last person, and it really sucked.
Kota Kumi was actually pretty good, her English one, but she put very odd pauses in it, and so it wouldn't have worked out.
Too many people would have just been really stupid over it and not liked it.
Even though her voice is absolutely awesome.
And I like her voice better than the one they got.
But the final person they settled with though has a really nice voice and did the song justice, I thought.
But it's still, you know, the same intro for everyone who's seen the Japanese intro.
So...
and probably pre-show next week I'm going to have the song Real Emotion on our pre-show.
Um, yeah, so I got to see a little bit of X-2 yesterday, and it's interesting.
I really liked how there's... I mean, this is to be expected when you have a direct sequel to a Final Fantasy game, but a lot of the same areas.
Like, you know, I was watching the beginning of the game, and there's a lot of Luka in it.
And so it was kind of cool to see the same areas, but with these new characters and different things.
I don't know, I'm easily amused, I guess.
But the gameplay overall, it looks like they kept the same...
engine for everything outside the battles and then totally redid the battle engine.
It's all active battle.
Yeah, it's all active battle now.
So you have to be really fast.
And they have the dress fears.
And that's the first thing I noticed was, my God, the battles are fast-paced.
Wow.
But it's pretty cool.
I like that.
I like the idea of some fast-paced battles in a Final Fantasy game.
The dress fears are fun.
But this is, yeah, between the dress fears and the whole just blatant Charlie's Angels theme going on with it, it is seriously, it's a cross between Final Fantasy and a Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen shopping game.
Wow.
No!
Do not insult the game like that.
And then, you know, you go to these tells, you're talking to people, it's like, you totally scored like 1,500 kills.
You open a chest that says, you scored Phoenix Down.
You know.
And everything is awesome this, awesome that.
Oh my god, you were so awesome.
You're going up a level, babe.
That particular scene where they're talking about the awesome sphere.
Girl, you know how to work that level.
It's just like that in the Japanese version.
You're so fired!
I did notice some changes.
In the Japanese version, there's the seagull team, and there's the gull wings in the US one.
That's like little changes here and there.
But they got all the same voice actors.
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
Don't get me wrong, just because I say it's a cross between a Mary Kay and Ashley Olsen game, I'm just, I'm poking fun at it.
It really does look like a pretty neat game.
I wish I could have, like, played it a little more, but I'm too consumed with Eleven to give a shit about any other Final Fantasy right now.
Um... Addict.
So... Ragnarok is cooler.
Ragnarok is cooler.
Yeah, and I need to beat Ten first anyway, so... Um...
Final Fantasy X-2, not too shabby.
It's kind of what you'd expect.
It's definitely kind of made for the fanboys, although, I don't know, I would say it's very J-game.
It's more for like teenage girls and gay men, but that's okay.
Fanboys will love it too because, you know, I guess they're hot or whatever.
It definitely gives the fan service.
Yeah, it's definitely for the fans.
And that's good because they need to sell a lot of copies to make up for how much money they lost on the movie.
Well, you know, I really, though, I really think that the different job changed just a little.
They have like set animations, like when you change into the singer role.
She has the spotlight on her and the lights behind her and it's dark, so it looks all dramatic.
Like when you change into the thief, she hops across the moon.
You know, there's a moon in the background and they hop across.
When you change into the sword fighter, you see their reflection in the sword.
And Yuna has Titus' sword.
That was really cool.
Yeah, that's pretty neat.
It's pretty cool.
It actually doesn't look like it ruins a whole lot.
I still haven't beaten Final Fantasy X and it hasn't really ruined a whole lot, really.
I mean, you can kind of pick up something that must happen, but I'm kind of appreciative that they didn't wreck the whole storyline to X with X-2, you know what I mean?
Does that make sense at all?
It makes sense.
Alright.
What did you think, Loki?
You got to see the game a little bit.
He's running away.
Have you gotten to play X-2 at all, Zero?
What did you think of what you saw?
A little bit, and what I saw, I wasn't sure if I was going to like it or not.
It just looked kind of girly to me, but I mean, I saw a couple battle scenes, I thought they looked really good, so I'm definitely going to be at some point picking it up.
The strategy guide is really cool, especially with the limited edition one, with all the artwork and stuff in it.
Going by reading some of that strategy guide and seeing some of the stuff I saw and from what other people have been telling me, I think that I actually will like it, because I really didn't like X too much, because it just, I don't know, I just didn't really get with the story, but it looks like this one, with its more fast-paced action, I think I'll be able to keep up with it a lot more and enjoy it.
It really does feel like you're coming in at the end of 10 because it's like what you can do is already advanced as far as where you can go.
And you get choices of different missions you can take.
It's neat.
I enjoy the game.
Okay, you guys want to know tonight's cage match winner?
Alright, let's unveil tonight's cage match winner.
Back to the cage match.
I've tallied up all the votes and we have a tie in tonight's cage match.
Yay.
There's a tie in tonight's cage match between Loki's pick, Battle Without a Honor or Humanity, the 88 Severed Lindenix, and between the Utah Saints song,
Oops, that's not it.
It's this one.
Sorry.
There it is.
That's the one.
Sorry about that.
My bad.
So we have a tie.
And in that case, I get to break the tie.
With a hammer?
Sorry, you can't send in house votes.
I'm on to you.
So I get to break the tie vote.
Oh, well, this is tricky.
Um, whereas, what?
There's a tie between the first and second songs tonight, and I get to break the tie.
And whereas, I think I do prefer Battle Without a Honor or Humanity, I didn't quite care for what Loki had to say about my cage match pick, so I'm choosing Jamie's cage match pick tonight.
Yay!
Oh no, now I have to make another song, oh no.
But, but, but, I would like to vote that I vote that that goes into permanent rotation.
Well, okay.
Sure, why not?
Since we're all Kill Bill fans anyway.
All right, so there we go.
So you'll hear both of those songs in Orange House Rotation pretty soon.
And yes, there were votes for the Mel C song, so don't go thinking.
By people who have no musical taste.
I don't like where you're going with that statement, buddy.
Hey, I gave you a 6 on that song.
6.8 even.
If she wasn't singing, it would have gotten a 9.
Okay.
We're going to take a quick break.
We're going to play that real emotion.
We're going to play that Real Emotion from Final Fantasy X-2 and something else in this break.
Then when we come back, we'll do the FUs of the week.
We have to skip forward, though, a little bit.
We'll probably play both versions.
We have the Japanese shortened up one?
Okay, so we'll play both versions then, I guess.
We're going to skip forward a little bit in this MP3, so pardon us while we navigate this MP3 a little bit to find you the actual words.
So we'll hear both the English and Japanese versions of Real Emotion.
and we'll be back with the FUs of the week so send those in over private message to Sky.
RUN!
Hey.
Hey.
What can I do for you?
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Are you one of these staffers by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bomani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi everybody, we're back, and both versions of a real motion back-to-back there, and there's a third one out there too, Koda doing the English, but we don't have that currently.
We'll just have to play that later!
Yep.
Anyway, it's about time to get into the FUs of the week, but Jamie's not here just yet, so Loki, is there anything going on out there in the sim world you want to tell us about?
Um...
I guess, um, people are working on, um, skins for, you know, the rest of the Bomani games, like, you know, Extreme and stuff, uh, here, Poppin' Music's in development for Step Mania, support for that, and, um,
Key Sound BMS files for NinthStyle will be up on MyStyle later this week.
Also on SuperNova.org, they've got the hard drive images for some of the rest of the Beatmania games.
Almost all of them are covered now.
So if you have the latest version of MAME, you can play those as well.
So go get those if you want to play the actual arcade game of Beatmania.
And yeah, there's other stuff, but I can't mention the other stuff too.
But that's more local anyways.
So that's it.
Oh, and I'm sure people are going to be ripping Xbox stuff, but nothing yet.
And as I mentioned last week, DDR Fever stuff is available on DDRAmerica.org or whatever it is, I can't remember.
It's a DDR BitTorrent site, and you can download the craptastic songs that they have on there.
That's about it.
Okay, well, let's see, I think we're about ready to get into the FUs of the week, so you want to send those over to me, Sky, private message?
and try to limit yourselves on the FUs of the week.
I'm getting several people who are writing me novels this week and forget it.
I'm capping you guys after like three or four FUs because it's too much.
So there's a lot of people sending them tonight, so send me your best ones.
In the meantime, Jamie, what is the FU segment all about?
When we're pissed off and tell everyone about it.
Um, my first FU of the week goes to people who are consistently negative and have nothing positive to say.
Like someone who, um, never mind, I'm not naming names, but someone who is listening right now.
Now I'm not mentioning names, they know who they are.
Trust me, who always says, oh, this sucks, oh, that's not my style, or I don't like this.
It's always negative, always negative.
Anyway, another one goes toward having to go back to work.
Although, honestly, when I went back to work, we were having a Thanksgiving potluck.
It was pretty cool.
and of course it's also no longer our busy season of the year so we're really slow so I've got tons of time just to get stuff done and think.
Effie goes to my cat for meeting a bath so I have to go wash my cat.
I always need to make sure that the pussy's clean.
Well, at least she's well petted.
Anyway.
Another FU goes toward the upstairs room at my house for not being clean, so I have to clean that.
I don't want to do that.
And then all the stupid people in California, which are most everybody.
Not everybody.
There's smart people in this.
Everybody in this room I can say is an intelligent human being.
Most everybody else though sucks and none of them can drive.
Stupid people.
And another one goes toward me for leaving my aura gel at home because my tooth hurts.
And then, I think that's about it.
I'm really not full of angst today.
Oh yeah, 10-2.
10.
10.
Not angst.
Okay.
Oh yeah, and another one goes towards Square for closing the Final Fantasy XI beta right before I could install my beta copy.
Square Enix.
Squeenix.
Squeenix.
Big F you to Squeenix.
And then a F you toward me not having more money.
Okay, I'm done.
Matt.
Um...
The first one, well, it's kind of minor.
The first one was FU to Final Fantasy XI because I was wandering into a tomb where I didn't know I was going and I got jumped by two goblins.
See, now, if this were real life, I would kick the goblin's ass without thinking about it, but this is a game, so I can't do that.
You're playing an MMORPG.
Ha ha ha ha.
No, I'm playing Final Fantasy.
I play Final Fantasy.
I don't play online games.
You're playing an on... It's an online game!
It's half of an online game.
It's half Final Fantasy.
I'm only breaking half the rule.
You break half of it.
You break the whole thing.
You don't understand.
I'm playing it leisurely.
I'm not like going out there.
I have to be out there all day because I have to level up every day.
Every day.
Oh my god.
If I'm not in this world like most of my life, I don't know what I'm going to do.
I dedicate the Nelson laugh to you.
Um, Second Nephew goes to leaves.
I don't like leaves.
And the fact that every single leaf that's in this apartment complex fell, like, during one day.
It's just like it's snow outside, but it's leaves.
There's just like so many leaves out there.
It's kind of funny because the Mexicans were here the day before, like blowing off the leaves, like the few leaves that were there.
And then like a few days later, just every single leaf falls all at once.
Man, I wish I could see their sad face when they come to work, you know, next week.
But oh man.
Anyways, also...
Um, FU to, uh, stupid power outage that we had today, because that means I had to, you know, get up and do stuff, so that sucked.
Um, and, I don't know, I really don't have much.
Um, FU to people that are, like, doing this, they're talking about Michael Jackson and already, you know, victim him of, you know, molesting this child.
Here's my opinion on it, and you're going to listen to it anyways, because I'm making you.
Um...
Basically, I think he's an easy target and that they're just taking advantage of him because he's an easy target and a freak that sleeps with children.
Now, while he may be a freak that sleeps with children, doesn't mean that he's groping them.
So, you know, I just think he's just a freak, but I think he's innocent.
And yet people are like, man, I wouldn't let my kid next to that chum, Lester.
He's been convicted.
He hasn't even gone on the trail yet.
You haven't heard any of the details yet.
It's just, it's annoying.
But, I hate the media.
Because now they're talking about this instead of Kobe Bryant, and then, you know, next thing you'll hear is like, I don't know, Bob Barker will have, like, chicken heads stapled to his walls, and, like, some of the models will be missing, and he'll be a cannibal or something, you know, and that'll be that, so...
It's just like, it'll never end.
And thank God we don't have to hear about J-Lo at least.
She's probably pissed off that she's not getting any media coverage about her marriages or... I don't know if I should get married!
Maybe?
I don't know.
Maybe?
I don't know.
It's just like, it's really annoying.
I don't care.
You know, like, if something like that happened, Bob Barker would have a bunch of kittens and puppies killed all in his house.
And then he's talking about Spanning and Pets.
I just had a horrible thought and Rod's probably going to hate me for this.
He's probably got the preserved corpse of Rod Rod in his closet so that he can open it up.
What would you do in this situation, Rod?
What would you do?
I would sell it on eBay.
Anyways, um, yeah, I'm done.
Oh, FU to, um, Iron Chef, for not, like, last night we watched the, they tied, okay, so they go into an overcooked round, and, um, they had, the first round was the potato match, which was awesome, because I love potatoes, so, I was watching that, and then the next round was sweet potatoes, I was like, you know what would be cool, is if they put something in there that, like, no one would want to cook, like kittens, they should have the kitten, you know, Iron Chef cook off, and it would be great, because, you know, they'd just be like,
All grossed out and stuff, but they have to create awesome dishes using kittens.
Live kittens.
So, that's it.
I don't know.
I still want to see the live octopus one.
Like from the intro.
Giant alien.
Alright, I'm done.
Dog.
Horse meat.
Rob.
Rob.
Give me a mic.
Try giving me a microphone.
I'd love to give some FUs.
I have a couple FUs this week FU to the power going out earlier today that fucking sucked and I thought I thought you know what though FU for not staying off longer I wish it was still off right now then I would have had an excuse to just stay home and not do a show tonight true I could have just gone over to Jamie's but I would have taken the easy way out you would have left me to do this by myself no I would have taken the easy way out and said no show tonight but the power couldn't stay off longer I would have run away anyway because I love our listeners so do you
They could live without us for one week.
They could go outside and find something to do.
Let's see.
F you to people that hate on the show Survivor because it's cool to hate on reality TV.
Yet this show is still consistently in the top ten for some reason.
and the show rocks and yes this week sucked because the best person on it got voted out but the show itself is still good and next season is going to be like the best television ever so F you to people that hate on reality TV just because it's reality TV because this show rules the only reason it's doing so well is all those two year olds watching the show that and you know the other show anyways that sucked
Fucking A that he got voted off, but, you know, that's alright, because, you know, vicariously through someone else, he will have his revenge.
You know what, I kind of view, a lot of people hate on it, because, like, you know, it's fake or whatever.
I kind of view it as a sport.
For me, Survivor is my wrestling.
You have the drama, you have the competitions, you have it way played out, it's, you know what... But wrestling has hotter guys.
Mmm, I don't know about that.
If you like those muscle guys, meh.
Not all of them are... Yeah, they can make it on Survivor.
Okay, not all of the guys in wrestling are like Brock Lesnar where their neck muscles are growing out of their ears.
There's like the really hot guys like Billy Kidman.
He's hot.
Wrestling's okay.
It's just, you know, it's not my cup of tea.
But I don't hate on wrestling just because wrestling is popular.
Yet people hate on Survivor because Survivor's popular.
So I'm saying F you.
I don't watch wrestling because they don't wrestle against little kittens.
God damn it, I want to see the big people smash the kittens.
Is that so much to ask?
And to be honest, I actually rather enjoy wrestling when Chyna's involved, except she's gone now.
She's trying to be a singer now.
And I like it when they get out the tables and the ladders.
That's always entertaining.
The TLC net, tables, ladders, and chairs.
And cookie sheets.
I also liked how the one icon on Jamie's wrestling data for some game was a little spinning ladder.
Yeah, on the new SmackDown game.
That was cool.
It's a ladder.
Yes, that rocked.
Anyway, let's hear from other folks in our room.
Zero, you're up for use of the week.
Um, I can say fuck you to my car, obviously, because it's a piece of shit.
Um, fuck you to about half, no, not half the people.
Everybody in the mall except 14 of them, and those 14 of which I happen to work with.
Everybody else is a big group of assholes who don't know how to park and yell at you because some guy almost makes you crash into them, and yet they're the stupid asses who keep going and driving like they're stupid morons.
Um...
FU to still not having quite enough cash for absolutely anything.
FU to having to go to the dentist because that shit sucks.
Um, FU to Mortal Kombat 5, should have stopped at like 3.
There's a Mortal Kombat 5?
Supposedly, they already have screenshots of it and it looks totally stupid.
But I thought that's what Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance was supposed to be.
Deadly Alliance was Deadly Alliance.
I thought it was just Mortal Kombat 5, but they didn't call it Mortal Kombat 5 because they didn't put it in the arcades.
No, it's just Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance.
But now they're doing Mortal Kombat 5 because they realized, oh, Deadly Alliance is kind of popular.
Maybe we should have put it in the arcades.
Yeah, which is absolutely ridiculous because they should have stopped at the failure of 4.
Deadly Alliance was okay.
I mean, it was no Soul Calibur, but it was entertaining.
It was more entertaining than a lot of fighting games I've played.
Fatalities are still cool.
Fatalities all sucked on Deadly Alliance.
They didn't even put friendships or anything in there because those were the funniest out of everything.
Not really much else to say fuck you to because there's just not a whole lot going on.
But yeah, fuck you to people who are telling me I'm lying when I have proof of what I'm talking about.
And really, that seems to be about it.
I don't have a whole big
Well, we have, um, Jonas is here, hello This is Mr. Explosive himself And just realize that the FU music right now is the Butterfly Pikachu mix So you might want to keep it short I'm gonna keep it short, there's not gonna be any FUs though Alright, what's up?
The first FU is Bitches on the Damn Road Fucked up the, um, you know the, you know the song when you go down and it goes up?
Fuckin', um, scratch the bottom of my car
Yeah, Dips.
Yeah, I'm not sure if I'm gonna get a new bump or not.
Nah, I have speed bumps, though.
Just some... Hell nah, I'm not getting that crazy, but drop 70 miles an hour on speed bumps.
Anyways, anyways.
And the FU2 beat getting my right arm injured, in a way.
I'll show the videos later.
and basically not many FUs except for people emailing me about the upcoming tournament I'm trying to organize for April which I have no place at yet.
People saying, when is it going to be coming over?
It's coming soon.
And people are issuing about bar raping versus no bar raping on PA.
So that's a whole other discussion we could have later.
Yeah, I don't want to doubt you with that.
Some of the boys just read it, dammit.
And they have a few two fanboys all over.
All they talk about is the same old shit over and over and over.
How they say like, Neonix is cool, or Cloud is the best character, she should be in Final Fantasy.
All the Final Fantasys.
Etc, etc.
And especially the new, upcoming movie of Final Fantasy, Children's Advent.
I already know, you know what, as much as I love Final Fantasy 7, I'm already convinced this movie is going to be a huge disappointment, so... That's what I'm thinking.
I'm not looking forward to it.
I've already seen, like, The Spirits Within, but all I'm going to do is throw fanboy shit, like, ooh, let's throw in Cloud and Sephiroth, fight together, pow pow pow.
There, that's a movie.
But I'm not going to judge it from its cover, I'll see what happens.
I will judge it by its cover.
Big disappointment.
I'm just kidding.
I'll watch it, of course.
Okay, that's all I have to say for now.
Miko, do you have any FUs?
Yes, Miko, do you have any FUs of the week?
Not really.
Okay!
Then let's get on to our Charm FUs, shall we?
Jamie, would you like to enter an FU on behalf of Miko?
FU to not having an FU.
Alright.
Moving on.
What is up with this Mary Kay and Ashley DVD?
Moving on.
Zodiac Knight would like to give an FU of the week to Squeenix for using a sucky version of Real Emotion as the X2 opening song.
Okay, that version did not suck.
Darketsuyu would like to say FU to this cold that still hasn't gone away.
Jason would like to say, F you to Cable One, while I'm happy that I have cable, it's really stupid that me and my friend are separated by four houses and one street, and that he can't get cable, hurry the hell up, uh, fuck you boss, name withheld, for calling me fat, I haven't gained a pound in quite a while, Jason would also like to say, fuck myself, for not listening in a while, and not having a reason not to listen, yes, unpermissible, fired, you have a microphone, oh, the other ferret,
Where the hell did it go?
I threw it at you.
Well, then it's your fault for throwing it at me, isn't it?
Oh, here it is.
I don't throw it again.
Yeah, F you, Jason.
Shame on you for not listening.
DJ Dark Knight would like to say F you to the game attendants at my local Putt-Putt for not fixing the 2DX and initial D machines because the 2DX machines still have the black void on the top of the screen and you can't watch the videos and the initial D machine for not fixing the two player side wheel because of that I lost a match racing Friday night
Here's a suggestion, stop playing Initial D Hey!
Just kidding Here's a suggestion, get a JPS 2 and play it at home Play Initial D at home like I do Dark Child
DD Arcaholic, I don't know, I think it's Dark Child sending most of these FUs, but they keep switching their name back and forth.
Dark Child likes to say FU to people who call others stupid for saying things differently than they do.
FU to people who act one way and bitch at others for doing it themselves.
FU to the cat shit smell creeping in on me, and FU to Pillar Boy of GameStop Arden, whatever that means.
S-Ghost would like to say, F you to my job for being bipolar.
Last week they scheduled me less than 10 hours and this week they scheduled me 30 plus before schedule changes.
My boss and his wife are morons.
They should learn how to schedule before starting a business.
F you to my dreams.
I'm sick of being a Secret Service member for a bag of salad.
What?
I'm sick of being a Secret Service member for a bag of salad.
Okay.
Oddly enough, I always die at the end.
I think Freud would have a field day with me.
F you to anyone who thinks I'm a pervert now.
I was making a reference to an earlier statement like that tits equal veto power.
I'm not sexist, and I'm sorry if anyone thought I was.
But, but, but, but they do.
And F you to Gunbound for taking over my soul.
That's four.
John Fields says, F you to Insomnia.
F you to my clothes washer having an electrical fire leaving my clothes soaking in water.
F you to this freaking wait for Phantasy Star Online Episode 3.
And F you to everyone who can't time attack on Phantasy Star Online Change Mode.
I quit PSO.
Interesting.
Oh, you finally quit PSO?
We're canceling PSO to get Final Fantasy XI.
Good choice.
23rd Magus would like to say, F you to Insomnia, it lasted all week.
F you to screwing up on Karaoke Revolution last week.
Could have done better, folks.
F you to concert tickets being so damn expensive.
And F you to stats and sort of mana being incredibly unbalanced.
Thieves own all, not surprisingly.
And I'm set.
Jazz would like to say, F you to people who accuse me of cheating on Ultramix.
It's not my fault that you can't be as great as an arrow-smashing fairy as I am.
Aw.
From one arrow smashing fairy to another, you show them who's boss.
DJ Spector would like to say F you to my Spanish teacher.
F you to Sam's Club for not having the digital camera they supposedly had.
F you to school and F you to optical illusions.
And that's four.
Minst would like to say, F you to teen night at the DDR place by my house.
Home from college for break, and I forgot they did that on Fridays.
The place was filled with various small children acting even more stupid than usual.
Minst would also like to say, F you to people who angst over initial D. I've seen it for the first time and it's not a pretty sight.
Oh yes, and F you to being on dial-up for 10 days.
And F you to the people in the general area where I live, as for some reason they've decided it's now popular to goth.
Angel would like to say, I can't give you my F.U.
as much as I'd like to, but here we go.
Oh, she's trying to omit names and stuff.
F.U.
to friends hanging out with enemies and expecting me to be cool with it.
Stop trying to think that I'm friends with you still.
I'm over it.
Why can't you be?
Okay.
Okay.
S.A.E.
would like to say, Hey Sky, an F.U.
to Initial D for ruining my confidence to drive in real life.
Here's a hint, stop playing Initial D. Just teasing.
DarkLion.
16, XVI, whatever he prefers to be called, would like to say F you to sleep deprivation.
I didn't get any much sleep last Wednesday for some reason.
I slept at around 4 a.m.
and forced myself to wake up around 6 a.m.
to take my cousin to school.
F you to name changing in some of the games and anime in general.
I know there are some good name changes.
Today should at least be a good reason for it.
Lastly, F you to the tourists who visit the Adventure Dome, who break the Maman machines and act like idiots.
Okay, that's it.
Oh, Mika thought of an FU.
Alright, well, wait a minute.
Okay, go for it.
I would have to say FU to the people who don't wear seatbelts.
because Haley something from my school just passed away because she did not wear a seatbelt and she was driving in the pouring rain and speeding without a seatbelt so she lost out of control and she crashed into some other cars and she's dead well that's Darwinism for you
What?
Sorry.
Well, hard lesson learned, unfortunately.
It's too bad.
Wow.
At least she wasn't drunk.
At least she wasn't drunk and driving.
Because that's even worse, if you ask me.
You throw like a girl, Jonas.
I'm just kidding.
Ah, blow me.
Alright.
Wow.
I wish it was that easy.
I wish I could just walk up to some cute guy.
Ah, blow me.
Okay.
God.
I wish it was that easy.
Depends on where you go, when you go.
DarkSakura, yes.
You had a thought?
There was my thought.
Here's another one.
Hey, Rob.
Rob.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
I hate you.
All right.
Let's see.
We are going to take a little breaky break here.
And when we come back...
We're going to play some more Ultramix, I think.
And we're also going to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
How's that sound, kids?
Sound like fun?
Yes, I thought so.
Alright, so we'll take a break.
And we'll be right back.
You can send those questions for Ask Orange Lounge now to me, Sky, in the chat room.
A little better you and me A little better such a friend
Thanks for watching!
A little bit of agency
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
From the Step Squad to Orange Labs, this DDR sucks!
Holler, holler, holler, holler, holler, holler, holler!
TTPO!
Hello and welcome back everybody to Orange Launch Radio, episode 70, our season 4 premiere.
A few programming notes, things we need to tell you guys about.
Vanilla Sky is going to be moving.
It's not going to be on Monday nights anymore, it's going to be on Wednesday nights.
Those of you that were listening to the show this week know that LankyStyle got a brand new job, which he started tonight, best of luck to him.
But it's going to require that he's not available Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday nights.
So instead, we're going to move the show to Wednesday so he can still be a part of it.
and because they've been really good on that show and we've talked about a lot of interesting game things and non-game things so if you haven't tuned into that you should also back live this week on Tuesday is my show pump up the volume the unabbreviated pump up the volume hint hint pre-show at 7 show starts at 7.30 hang out in the chat room if you make a request if I have it I'll play it it's that easy
And make sure that you get 20 people to sign in and listen to me this time.
Or I'll cry.
Okay, some of you may be asking yourselves, well, if Vanilla Sky is moving to Wednesdays, what's happening to LiveWire?
Well, I guess Loki would be best to answer that question, but I'll kind of answer it for him.
He's going to be doing some intermittent stuff on Monday nights from now on.
He doesn't really want to go through the effort to make a new LiveWire every single week, because believe it or not, it's a lot of work.
It's easier than just, you know, turn on the microphones and throw on some music like the rest of us do.
So he's just going to do some stuff for Mondays intermittently.
And hopefully we'll still have some special programming for you guys on Monday night.
And Condition Zero will be back one of these days, won't it?
Condition Zero will be back one of these days, won't it, Zero?
Yes?
Yeah.
Alright, good.
Alright, as promised, let's go back over to Ultramix.
And they've just unlocked BLT style.
So let's hear this.
Let's play...
Ooh, this might be too loud.
Sorry, guys.
Well, yeah.
So did on a fourth style.
Alright, play it.
Of course it's sped up just like you would have thought it would.
Huh?
Yeah, a little bit.
It's sped up the same way as it does here in the fourth style.
There's a lot of runs in this.
It's very... Jonas is saying it looks like a mix of Orion and A.
That was interesting.
It was a little fast, but it's cool, I guess.
Well, it's in 1.5 speed.
Some fun steps.
Alright, Chowroom wants to hear Shiny Disco Balls.
I like this song a lot.
I'm hoping they didn't fuck it up, but apparently Zero says they have.
Discord, Discord, Discord, Discord, Discord, Discord
Um, some folks in the room are saying this song has very karaoke steps to them, which, yeah, it kind of does.
A lot of disco, disco, one, two, one, yeah, very karaoke.
This song is definitely one that you'll want to edit for the fact it's like just, disco, disco, disco, and that's the steps throughout the whole thing.
And then when it gets cool, they just go back to what it was.
Like, right after this.
It's kind of disappointing.
Have you noticed any new katas?
There's, I think, Castle in the Sky is in CatEye.
I know that.
Oh, on doubles I know this.
On singles I know this.
Definitely not.
But this song is the worst.
So it would be freestyle-able though?
Yeah, it's freestyle-able.
Definitely, but if you're just trying to play it for fun, you're not going to find a whole lot in that one.
What I don't like is that they ripped the background from Fantasy from Max 2, the one by Lockout.
It's a total rip-off of that background.
Completely ripped off.
You know what?
This song over music sucks, though.
Chatroom wanted to hear the edit of Castles in the Sky, so here you guys go.
And the background is a castle in the sky.
Go figure.
I was expecting there to be a slowdown there, but no.
It slowed down marginally.
It's still slowing down.
Lots of freezes.
No, it's a consistent tempo change like with Insertion.
Yeah, you usually don't see 16th note runs like that in licensed ones Yeah, there's been quite a few in this Some strange gallops there
Interesting.
It wasn't so bad.
Okay, and some folks wanted to hear the Metal Gear one, so we'll play that too.
We're playing a DDR Ultramix here on Orange Lines Radio.
Oh, this isn't the one I was thinking it was.
No, it's the one from 6 and Core Home Version.
I'm kind of surprised this is only a 7.
It's a little more 8-ish to me, especially with the 16s in it.
Oh, it is an 8?
This doesn't look that hard at all.
I'm sorry, this looks more like a 6.
It doesn't look hard to us.
We're kind of jaded because we've beaten, you know, kind of stuff.
But usually songs, once they get 16th notes in them and stuff, they're 8s.
So that's all it surprises me.
I would honestly rank this song a 7.
But if they're opposing, they're easy to do.
If it's just the same step being repeated, it's easy.
Hmm.
Very interesting.
So folks want to know what the videos are like.
Pretty much all the videos are just generic videos, just like you'd see in Max 2.
They're recycled stuff.
It looks like there are some new inserts, but even the new ones are pretty generic stuff.
You know, lights and colors and dumb things like that.
The only song that has a music video to it is the one with the half-naked men in it.
The Maasai one.
Do that thing.
That was the only one.
So is that it for Ultramix?
Do you guys want to play one more or what?
Okay, we're going to do Keep Your Body Movin' by Thuggy D. Yeah, I played that one.
Oh yeah, yeah, you did that one.
We're going to do the There For You.
It's the one you haven't heard.
No.
Alright, we're going to do There For You by Thuggy D. This will be the last one for now.
And then we'll do Ask Orange Lounge.
Yeah, one thing that sucks about this, for some reason, it can't run at slow speeds.
It starts getting all jittery and crap.
And it says it's like it's trying to load everything up, which it's the Xbox and it should be able to do it.
But on really slower songs, it's almost like the arrows start shaking.
It has the solo dogs.
You know what?
I don't like freeze arrows.
I don't like freeze arrows.
Freeze arrows are good when used in moderation.
Yeah, but too many ones are just excessive on the freeze arrows.
And the thing is, I don't play with freeze arrows anyway because of my angle.
Yeah, Shining Polaris freeze arrows was real much...
Wee, that was fun.
That song did not excite me.
That background looks very familiar.
No, it's not Eat You Up.
Alright.
The one thing in the 2DX video, because for the one for Let's Talk It Over, just had this girl there.
Remix Remix Remix
Remix
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake, can you hear what I'm saying?
Well, this time the chicken man, they won't step back I'm gonna kill, I'm gonna beat him, kill him all Damn, what am I gonna do?
Damn, what am I gonna do?
Damn, what am I gonna do?
Damn, damn Have you ever seen a cool game like this?
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
This is a heartbeat This is a heartbeat
Alright, welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are, Season 4 Premiere.
Hope you're enjoying it so far.
We're going to MP3 Pro soon, probably over Thanksgiving, so don't be surprised if you hear a lot about how we've gone MP3 Pro.
All that means is that if you have a special codec installed on your MP3 player, that you will be able to hear DSL quality streaming at a dial-up.
Thank you for watching!
10 bucks for a 56k modem.
I will buy you a modem.
If you are seriously on 28.8 still, fucking email us at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com so we may mock you openly before the switch.
But it'll take them an hour to email us, Rob.
Yeah, it'll take them an hour to email us.
But if you're on 33.6 or 56k, you'll still be fine.
But the bitrate will be up in a little bit.
Alright, I think my cell phone connects to the internet faster than 28.8, that's fucking sad Okay, as promised, we have a whole fucking ton of questions for this tonight, so let's get to it
Let's Ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
Will that ferret ever shut the fuck up on this show?
I sure don't think so.
As long as Jamie's around, she's gonna drive me nuts with that fucking ferret until I set it on fire.
Alright.
Question number one tonight, from Zodiac Knight.
What Bomani songs of those that were never released on any DDR mix before?
So what Bomani songs, not on a DDR mix yet, would you guys and gals like to see come out in future downloads for Ultrix?
Infinite Prayer, Floating Flock Isn't that on there?
No, that's... Oh, so the original Infinite Prayer, so you want Floating Flock, okay.
That it, Amor?
Uh, Loki.
Um... Oh, crap.
Um... DJ Army.
And, well, speaking of official, though, The Safari.
Duh.
Um, for me... All the other tech songs that weren't released.
Um, Power... Bad Bye Baby Balloon is already in DDR.
He asked for ones that are already in DDR, Migo.
Starmind, Power Dream, Akira Yamaoka, Bitmania
Love Me Do would be fucking the shit.
Showa, the night style, the other night style one that's not Lion Suki.
But Lion Suki would be good too, so just about anything in Kiriyamaoka.
Panorama.
Or Goonies Are Good Enough from Poppin' 10, please.
Thank you.
Panorama.
Yes.
Anybody else have a thought for Bomani songs for Ultramix downloads?
I think it would be cool to either see Traces, either the original or the remix, or to see... I can't think of it right now.
Crap, I went blank.
But it would be cool to see a good QQQ.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, Rizlam.
Rizlam, please.
Rizlam.
Okay.
Wouldn't it be cool if we knew someone that could make an upgrade for an arcade cabinet?
And they could put all these songs in there.
That would be cool.
Yeah, that would be fucking great.
Let's listen to the answer to the question.
Let's see.
What songs for the Bebani?
Let me see.
There's some songs from DDSInfalls.com that seem good, like the V-Techno remix or the Abyss, the Heavens mix.
That would sound good.
Cool.
I like 23rd Magus' idea.
You should too, Jamie.
Schlagwerk.
How about Schlagwerk?
You know what?
Fuck 2DX.
Let's put some Loki remixes in a DDR machine because he's got some pretty sweet ones.
Miko, you have an idea?
I like Monkey Dance.
Monkey Dance.
Yeah, and I also like, what is it called, Deadline.
Oh, Deadline would be a good one.
Yeah, Deadline would be great.
What about Beauty of Silence?
All right.
Cool.
Thanks.
Okay.
Let's go on to the next question, shall we?
Dark Child.
How long is it really?
Limp and fully extended?
Zero is going to answer this.
I don't know how he knows the answer, but he wants to answer this.
Well, if I bend at the elbow, it's about a foot long.
God damn it, you stole my joke.
If I put my arm straight out, it's about... I would say kind of limp.
My finger is about two and a half inches, and when I fully extend that middle finger, as I'm doing right now, when I fully extend that middle finger, I think I'm hitting a good three inches there.
It's not about the size of the boat, it's about the motion in the ocean.
Okay.
It's as big as you can airbrush it.
John Fields would like to know, will you please play my remix of Air for everyone to hear?
No.
Maybe in the afterbirth.
S Ghost would like to know, do you know why all the release dates for Ultramix are screwed up?
I didn't know they were screwed up.
Let's say thank you to Microsoft.
Let's ask the guy that works at GameStop.
I believe you.
No, it's actually not that the release dates were messed up.
It's that they, at the last minute, announced, basically about four days before they decided to do it, that instead of being out on December 3rd, it was actually going to be out with the pad and the game packaged.
It was going to be out on the 18th.
It was kind of something they didn't really push out.
And then, as far as I know, check it, December 3rd has always been the original release date.
I'm getting yelled at for not answering that limp question, honestly.
Let's see.
Microflacid.
Ninst would like to know, this is a good question being asked by Ninst here.
Why, oh why, are Magus' jokes so horribly bad?
Okay.
Look at the originator of the jokes.
What?
and the amount of a true sense of humor.
You're so mean.
I know I am.
That's why I'm here.
No.
It's just like you have to understand your place in this world.
I wasn't meant to sing, so I try not to.
He wasn't meant to be funny, so he should try not to.
See, it's really cool.
You gotta look at it this way.
Okay, his jokes are so bad because he takes all that power from his freestyling and he puts it into his jokes.
And it just makes him so bad that, I mean, you know, you can't help but say a horrible error.
Speaking of freestyle, imagine how he's gonna... I wonder what the judge is gonna say if he even participates in the tournaments.
Go ahead, Jonas.
But, that's all I got to say.
No comment.
You're saying fuck you to Jamie when I'm the one who just totally, like... Buffer.
Don't forget there are about a minute and 30 seconds left.
That's all I got to say, you know.
But you know what, in all seriousness, he's a good sport for putting up with our shit, because we're really fucking mean to him.
I swear, just translate it into Portuguese and he'll be hilarious.
Even funnier if he tries to read it.
Okay.
Moving on.
Shit happens, 23rd of August.
Yeah, shit happens, but eventually you flush.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya would like to know, did Jamie ever get to hear QQQAzar, and if so, what were her thoughts on it?
Um, no.
There's two versions.
There's the one that Angel did, and there's the one that Loki did.
So there's two versions, and she's heard neither one.
No, that I ever have, yeah.
So, maybe we'll send them to her later.
Um, let's see.
DJ Dark Knight.
Oh, he has DJ in his name.
He must be a 2DX player.
Hmm.
Just messing, just messing.
I don't like that shit.
I don't like people that try to tell other people what they can and can't put in your name.
If you want to be DJ whatever, go fucking for it.
Thank you for watching!
Did you have something you wanted to say?
I was going to say F you for people who call themselves DJs and everything.
Well, you know what?
Let them.
What does it take to be a DJ?
Not a lot.
Look at us.
Oh, yeah.
Look at us.
We're radio DJs.
I have every right, by those standards, if you have to be a real DJ to call yourself DJ whatever, I have every right to go around and call myself DJ Sky.
And she can call herself DJ DarkSakura, and he can call himself DJ Loki.
We... What do we do?
We're on the radio.
Yeah, that's right.
So we're radio DJs.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So we have every right to call ourselves DJ.
And my DJ Celica is actually from 2DX.
I don't want to be a DJ.
I didn't like her in Full House.
Okay.
Oh yeah, he did have a question.
Oh, a question.
I heard rumors that Sony was going to do a karaoke revolution game themselves.
I saw it on a website.
Is that true?
Meaning that Sony was making a karaoke revolution type game themselves.
Yeah, there is something like that.
Well, we did report it on Vanilla Sky earlier this week that Sony has asked the folks behind the iToy, because the iToy has done so well, to look into the possibilities of doing something karaoke related.
Stop!
Stop!
I don't care!
How's it going under my foot?
I swear!
Oh, I have to address this in the chatroom, though.
They're saying that they have the right to call themselves BJ.
Then go do it!
Anyways, no, um, you don't happen to remember that one karaoke game I showed you at the store.
I do remember that, the one in the really ugly box.
Yeah, the one we put at the very back of the store, hopefully nobody would see.
Yeah, piece of shit.
That's what... What the fuck would I play that shit for?
I'm just curious.
The only cool thing, it comes with three discs of karaoke music and nothing else, because it's shit.
No, you threw it too low.
You know what?
I hope no one buys that because you know what's going to happen.
If one person buys it, they'll send your store 20 copies.
Alright.
Maybe I ought to go in and buy it then, just to see.
You know what?
One of the things I'm thinking of doing is actually getting the PC version of Pump It Up.
Okay.
To get the new one with all the newer songs on it, though.
So I can play it in my new room upstairs.
All right.
I love Pump It Up.
We'll have more news on that as we know it.
But Namtai's working on something.
They're also doing a dance game for the iToys.
So they're ripping off Konami's ideas left and right.
So we'll see what happens.
Jazz has a question.
When is Rob on Final Fantasy XI?
You can find me on the Bismarck server on Final Fantasy XI, usually in the evenings.
Loki has a smart ass answer, I'm sure.
All the time.
I was just going to say I was on there too.
Since he says I have a smart ass answer, yeah, he's always on there because he doesn't have a life.
He just plays Final Fantasy XI all the time.
And sleeps.
I'm on there too.
I'm Tomosuke.
You'll see me butchering rabbits left and right because that's what I do.
You butcher rabbits.
I butcher small, innocent animals.
Since there's no kittens in the game, rabbits will have to suffice.
Okay.
You know what?
I don't know that I can play that game because I got motion sick watching Rob.
Just play it blindfolded.
Blink Blink
Play more Ragnarok.
All right.
You can play on the Ragnarok server or from SC11.
No.
I'll play Ragnarok.
Thank you.
Okay.
Almost done.
No more questions, please.
We have to wrap up this segment.
Jazz would also like to know, and why don't you listen to me and check out Graduizic Cyber on Doubles Wii?
It's not Graduistic.
It's Graduizic.
Whatever.
It's Gradius.
New 10-footers, especially on American Mix, should get talked about.
It's a new 10-footer on doubles.
Yay.
Hooray, 10-footer.
It would be nice if it was easier to play doubles at home.
Oh my God.
That's the first Otakuto video reference I've seen in like 20, like forever.
Jason would like to ask, why is it that when I have Orange Lounge Radio turned up high and Papa Music 8 turned up just enough to hear it,
that I can do so much better on songs than when Papa Music Aid is blaring and of course the only music sound being made.
So why is it when Orange Lounge Radio is on he does even better?
Any thoughts?
I don't think that that made sense.
Because our enchanted voodoo powers make it possible.
Because we're great.
End of story.
and Dark Child would like to know how long is my penis but unfortunately we're out of time so we'll have to table that question next week sorry gang and we're going to close up the whole I'm such a bitch we're going to close up the whole little Ask Orange Lounge hope you learned something and now it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought Zero, your final thought for tonight
If you don't know how long it is, you probably can't see it.
Hey now, I don't like where you're going with that.
That's kind of where it stops.
Shut up.
Jeez!
Moving on.
Who's next?
Jonas.
Any last words?
Any final thoughts?
Not really much thought about it.
Just...
Really not much.
Except the fact that I got 23rd Magus thinking about the next tournament, what he's going to do.
Dude, Dark Child, you know I'm joking.
Shut up.
Alright.
Miko, any last thoughts?
Any final words?
About what?
About anything.
Your final thought.
Jerry Springer's final thought.
What is it?
Be safe.
Okay, be safe.
DarkSakura, be happy too, be happy too, DarkSakura, your final thought, Portobella Mushroom, Portobella, Portobella, is that it, alright, Loki, your final thought, go visit Japanese sim file sites, because they're better than US ones anyways, because I just decided to do that, my final thought is, hi,
I guess.
I guess I have nothing better to say.
I like cheese.
Yes, Jonas?
I got one more to say.
Something extra?
Okay.
Here's some advice.
Quit the goddamn Edison, Bimani style.
No one wants to play a 10-foot Edison from Max 300 or Pink Dinosaur or whatever.
It's time.
It's been a 10-
I have a word of advice for those folks making 10-foot edits to Max remixes and things like that.
Go outside.
Seriously.
Go outside and take in some fresh air.
Seriously.
Please.
Make some friends.
Get a girlfriend.
Get laid.
Do some good.
All right.
Tonight's final word, I'm going to give tonight's final word of the show to Miko.
So one word, one word that sums everything up for you Miko right now.
A one letter word?
Just one word, no one word.
One word.
Bye.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
I grew up in San Francisco.
I grew up in the midst of Polk Street, Hanky Code, Poppers, San Francisco.
So that's like my childhood.
So I feel really comfortable in talking about it.
My parents owned a bookstore on Polk Street, and my mother was in charge of the gay porn.
Which is like crazy.
She would pull out these books and show me to talk about it.
This book, this book, it's called Ace Master.
What is an Ace Master?
What is that?
I don't know what Ace Master is.
Why do you need an Ace Master?
This book is an Ace Master.
I thought this is a gay, the book for gay, because mommy know about the gay.
The gay, they like ass.
They do.
They like ass so much.
They like ass, but they like ass too much.
You hear two people, ass in moderation.
You cannot have an ass all the time.
You know?
Because if you have an ass all the time, then it's not special.
You know what mom is saying?
Like that, that is...
There is a boy, and his name is Paul.
And mommy like Paul.
He's a nice boy, but he's gay, and he only like to sing.
He like A.S.
and Judy Garland.
And that's all.
And what kind of life is it like that?
That's all.
You know, there's an ace and an ace over the rainbow, and that's all.
I don't know why they do this.
Well, I have to look at this book with the ace, mister.
Somebody's going to look at this book.
I'm going to look at it.
Mami, look at Mami, gonna look at Ace Mister now.
Mami gonna look at Ace Mister now, look at Mami, okay, look at Mami, look at Mami.
Ace Mister.
I can't... I thought I was shocked, you know.
I was so shocked.
It was just ass right away, you know.
It was a miracle.
Oh my God.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Welcome everybody to the Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth for the parts that were too hot for Orange Lounge Radio.
You can hear them now.
So any afterbirth thoughts, Jamie?
You were looking at some interesting movies earlier.
I think your mic might be off.
Check the mic, make sure it's not off.
This has got Sable in it in a bad fake porn thing.
But it's widescreen so it's forgiven.
Because Pan and Scan sucks.
Yeah, I don't like Pan and Scan either.
Pan and Scan is bad because you lose a part of the picture.
Everyone who says that the black bars cut off the screen is an idiot.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
A show-a-thon?
We need a show-a-thon.
How so?
Like, just take those two DVDs and watch them back-to-back.
Fine by me.
And I have her new CD, except I left it at work.
Don't.
It's okay.
And then, just to break up the show-ness, watch Rejected.
Okay.
You know, I hear that on Bitter Films, that Made Rejected has a new compilation coming out, which should be good.
It's going to be a bunch of their stuff.
And they showed Billy's Balloon at Spike and Mike's and that made me happy.
Because Billy's Balloon is great.
Because I love when balloons beat up little children.
Have you seen Billy's Balloon?
No.
That's fucking great.
You've got to see it.
I guess that's pretty much it for our little afterbirth.
Tonight in the post-show...
I'm going to start it off with that air remix I promised.
If I can find it.
I know I've got it in here somewhere.
TikTok, TikTok, TikTok.
I had it.
Did I get rid of it?
I don't think I would have deleted it, but I don't.
Oh, there it is.
There it is.
If your anus is bleeding, use a tampon.
I just got a copy of this Japanese say of max 30,000.
It's two seconds long.
That is the stupidest idea I've ever heard of in my entire life.
Are you going to play it?
For the word of God and all that is holy.
Play it.
My anus is bleeding.
We're going to hear max 30,000.
Wow.
That's great.
That sounded like me shitting.
That sounds like a robot taking a shit.
Aw, bye, Zero.
Bye.
Nice knowing you.
Bye, Nico.
Have fun staying in the castle.
Take care.
Okay, tonight's post-show, we're going to start it off with that Air remix, and then after the Air remix, we're going to go into that Now Dance 2004 compilation from Britain, because it's neat, and lots of good songs in it, including some Kylie Minogue, some Ian Van Dahl, and some other artists you may know from Bomani releases.
Enjoy.
Have a great night.
Pretty Green Eyes It's full of sparkle and such light And let me remind That you chose not to cry But it's alright For your lover has come home By your side alone with me You'll never ever be alone
