We're sorry. You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry. You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
Why, why, 365?
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
Bye bye, 365.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please great
here.
We're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please great
here.
We're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please great
here.
sorry you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time, please try
again later.
We're sorry you've reached the station that is
unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time. Please
try again later. We're sorry you've reached the station
that is unavailable at this time please try again later we're sorry you've
reached the station that is unavailable at this time please try again later
we're sorry you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time please
try again later we're sorry you've reached a station that is
unavailable at this time please try again later
we're sorry you breached the station that is unavailable at this time please
try again later we're sorry you breached the station that is unavailable at this
time please try again later
we're sorry you breach the station that is unavailable at this time please try
later. We're sorry, you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time,
please try again later!
We're sorry, you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time, please
try again later! We're sorry, you've reached the station that is unavailable
at this time, please try again later!
3 65 We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again
later. We're sorry, you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again
later... Why, why... 365 We're sorry, you've reached the station that is unavailable at this time. Please try
try again later
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time please try again
later
Why three sixty five
We're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
We're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time please try again
later
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please try again later.
Why, why 3-65?
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please try again later.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
Bye, bye 365.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
Bye, bye 365.
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
We're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time, please try again later
Why, why 365?
We're sorry. You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry. You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
Why, why 365?
We're sorry. You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry.
You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry.
You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry.
You've reached a station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
Five, five, three sixty five.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
365
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
an
we're sorry you've reached a station that is unavailable at this time
please try again later
we're sorry
We're sorry you have reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry you have reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
We're sorry you have reached a station that is unavailable at this time. Please try again later.
Sorry, you've reached station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
Sorry, you've reached station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
Why 365?
We're sorry, you've reached station that is unavailable at this time.
Please try again later.
We're sorry, you've reached station that is unavailable at this time.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Be sure to tune in every Sunday night at 6.30 p.m. Pacific Standard Time for our live talk program,
where we talk about everything Balmani and then some.
In the meantime, enjoy our 24-hour Bahmani Music & More program.
Live 365 gives you all access to great music and talk all the time, with no ads.
Get it now at Live365.com slash VIP.
Live 365
You
Rock over Chicago orange lounge radio. It's a good place to listen to the music
Hello everybody and welcome back to orange lounge radio episode number 67 now in progress so happy
Jamie tell me about I'm gonna go sit in the living room so I can show up on cam because otherwise the cams very boring
and if
if you want to
Don't trade
If you want to join us on cam, head on over to our chat room, www.calibomani.com,
click on Orange Lounge, and click on chat.
And in the chat room, by the way, chat room is up on the television screen
so we can all see what you're saying.
So it's interactive when you're in our chat room.
Jamie, first tell us, I want everybody to know about these games that you brought
to the show tonight, because they're pretty cool.
I have them all in the chat room, sorry.
Well, I'll put them up on, the cam's updating, right?
I'll put them up on the.
Yeah, once and once in a while.
Well, you have to explain for those that aren't going to be on the cam.
You're going to have to give the.
Okay. I am an old school gaming freak.
I love old games.
So. Nothing wrong with that.
When Dan and I discovered that Sega was kind enough to release updated versions
of their older games, we hopped right on it and grabbed our three favorites.
Right on.
Of course, one of them was backordered, so we're still waiting for a Phantasy Star collection.
No surprise there.
Well, actually, this is the remake of the first Phantasy Star.
If anyone ever played it on the Master System, you know what I'm talking about.
Right.
But they put out another two games that are probably about my second and third favorite game ever.
And what will be the first game ever?
Guardian Legend.
Amen, sister.
I seriously doubt that's ever going to get a release.
But the first one I'm putting up on cam right now is probably my other favorite game, like, ever.
ever and for those who can't see the cam i'm trying to get to where they'll adjust it's
fantasy zone the game that brought us the opa opa which is this cute little ship with angelings
with feet and when you're on the ground he has little legs and he's super cute see there it is
on the camera fantasy zone um and then the other awesome game it's funny because the way you held
did that be still have Loki on part of the picture now let me see this may be a
little bit better okay so space Harrier being the other game which is some those
that may not recognize space Harrier by name because I didn't at first I kind of
had to I kind of had to get visuals of these games so let me kind of describe
them for you fantasy zone is like this it's like defender but in beautiful
beautiful pastels, and I never thought I'd refer to pastels as a beautiful thing, but
Fantasy Zone really pulls it off.
It's like uber cute in the way it's painted.
It looks like a color by number.
And when you're looking dead on, it looks like it's fully 2D, but they're really actually
flat, self-shaded polygons.
That's kind of the point I wanted to get to about these re-releases, is that they didn't
Now it's not like a Namco museum game or an Atari museum game where they just took the old games
Put them on a CD and emulated it. Basically. No, they took these games
Totally redid them. I'm guessing maybe they took the original code and redid the graphics. Yep completely and
About it. I mean actually I think they're they're fresh from scratch, but they play just like holy fuck. Are they beautiful?
I was impressed. I mean these games I
I wasn't like huge fans of them like Jamie was when they were first out, but I remember
playing Phantasy Zone.
I read it one weekend.
I played it on the Nintendo where it looked like barf because the color palette isn't
the same as it is on a Sega, so it looks all messed up.
The reason why is that the Nintendo was not set up for pastel color where the Master System
was.
So I played them and they looked like barf, but coming back now and playing them again, I'm just like,
oh my god, this is so beautiful. Finally we're using a next generation system
to make our 2D games look even better.
It's so cool. Dear 8-bit companies like Nintendo, anybody that was big in the 8-bit days,
even Konami.
It would be nice to have Super Konami World Collection
in 3D. Seriously, I want you all to take up this project.
Do your old 2D games in 3D like this because they are so cool.
It's just, oh man, especially when you're going to release one of these old
kind of like old school game packs and re-release this like a new thing.
I just, oh it's so beautiful. Words can't express.
They also come with another little neat thing though. If you bought the special edition
of Phantasy Star, which we actually didn't get, it came with a little binder.
And in the binder you would put these
cards
Okay, that are basically just description of the game some of the history of it. I'm putting
Up on the cam. That's still kind of neat though
So, um, but they're also they're bringing out more games the ones that are out right now in the series is
There was of course a fantasy star
Space Harrier, Fantasy Zone, Monaco GP
the Golden Axe, the other one.
Golden Axe is pretty.
Oh my God.
There's a site, actually if you go to the live stream of Community Girl Gamers and just
look for my post, I put a big post there about it with a link to the Japanese site where
you can watch a streaming video of screens from the first five releases.
I'm thinking you need to make that a cross post to the Orange Lounge community.
I'll go look for my old post, but the next ones that are coming out, and actually I didn't
find those out until I looked for the pre-orders on Licksang, but the next one out is Columns,
and then the other one, I don't remember what it is, it's the game that didn't come out
over here.
I'll have to check out all of them.
Oh my God, please tell me they're going to do Alex Kidd.
Wouldn't it be nice?
Yeah, Alex Kidd was a Sega game, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
What would be really cool is if...
And Shinobi?
Oh, they did Shinobi.
Yeah, but...
Okay, I'm not counting the new Shinobi, the new...
You know what actually I think would be cool?
Is it Michael Jackson Moonwalker?
And Michael Jackson Moonwalker?
Oh, yeah.
What?
What?
Moonwalker was kind of 3D to begin with.
It was one of those cheap...
It was still a 2D game, but it was 3D, like it was like the Ninja Turtles where you can move up and down, but you know what?
Well, this is the last thing, and you know how in Sonic Adventure 2, how they had the bonus?
That was the remake of the Green Hill Zone from the first Sonic game?
Wouldn't it be cool if they took, like, the original Sonic games and did them like that?
Absolutely.
And then of course, this was just kind of brought up, I think this was brought up in the chat room, I think this is where I saw it, but my very favorite old school Sega game of all time, they badly need to do this port 2, Altered Beast.
Rise from your grave.
I cannot wait for them to do Altered Beasts like this.
This is, man, I'm just picturing, like, I'm kind of picturing, I'm going back to Castlevania
because for those who were listening to Vanilla Sky on Monday,
we were talking about the new Castlevania and kind of got into a discussion on, like, you know,
is Castlevania good or what have you because of the 3D-ness of it now.
I'm just thinking, oh my God.
And why would you play it in Japanese without the shitty US voice acting?
Oh my God, that's so much crap.
But I just go back and think, oh my God, what if like Simon's Quest were done like this
Fantasy Zone thing is?
I would have an orgasm.
You know, SEGA's always been really smart with their games.
They've just had, you know, bad advertising and, you know, going up against basically
a major monopoly like, you know, Sony is.
You know, they say that they didn't have, you know, take from their other facilities,
but you can tell they put major money behind the Playstation even though the Saturn to
this day is still a better system.
The Dreamcast to this day still had better games than many of us do.
You will go to your grave a Sega fangirl.
You know I used to be a Nintendo fangirl 100% and now my whole support of Nintendo comes
just because Sega is supporting them.
Isn't it so weird now to fire up a game like F-Zero, and you see on the first screen Sega
Nintendo.
It's like, wow, ten years ago you're picturing those ads in your mind, Sega does what Nintendo
does.
Well, you know what?
I remember on one of my tapes, one of my old tapes off Japanese TV, watching the monkeys,
these two little monkeys playing TV, and one of them was playing a Saturn, playing Burning
Rangers on the Saturn if this dates this for you and the other one was playing like
Some other game on like an older crappy game on the PlayStation and the PlayStation monkey went to go play the Saturn
I have to address something that came up in the chat room. We have some new chatters tonight
So hello to all our new folks. We love seeing some new faces in our chair room
I love a guy named Bargo who says a bunch of numbers is a little bit
disgusted by the thought of me having an orgasm over a game. You know what? There is nothing
better than an orgasm. You name me one thing in this world that's better than an orgasm.
Two orgasms! Two orgasms! Thank you, Loki!
Really good ice cream. Maybe if you're a woman, but...
If I was sitting between the best orgasm ever and a bowl of Chocolate Decadence Blue Bell
ice cream. Chocolate orgasm. Ooh. And this may be TMI. Is that a cold stone? Actually
the best best thing ever is the bowl of ice cream you eat after an orgasm. Is to go out,
fuck a bunch, and then eat a bowl of ice cream. For some it's the cigarettes, for some it's
the ice cream. Next time I'm going to go into Cold Stone, I'm going to be all, yeah, could
I get the, I'd like to get the vanilla cream with the orgasm mix in.
You know what we need to do, we need to sit and create, call it the orange lounge orgasm
at Cold Stone. And keep, and like, put the right flavors in it.
Oh, like write it in.
I don't have those anymore. You can't do it.
I was going to put mine in.
I used to have my cherry cheesecake flavor.
That I just called the dark soccer club.
How original.
It was graham cracker, brownie, cheesecake, and cherry pie filling.
It was so good and so bad for me.
I want ice cream now.
God damn it, I want ice cream!
As good as that sounds, Jamie, orgasms are better.
Anyway, I think we got off on a little bit of a tangent there.
Sorry, kids.
That's what we do here on Orange Island.
Welcome to the Fantasy Zone.
Get ready.
I was so happy because it's in there.
Does it actually have voice acting?
Well, yeah.
It's like, okay, this is what happened.
I wish we could play it for the chat room, but we really can't.
When you start off the game, it doesn't say welcome to the fantasy zone, get ready, at
least the first time you did it, it's like, get ready, Harrier, or something like that.
I bet you were pissed when you heard that.
Oh, I was, and then four games later, watching Dan play it the other night, it finally said
it.
I remember when I first ever like saw your post back on DDR Freak I remember
that was your signature welcome to the fantasy zone get ready and I always
thought it was actually from fantasy zone common misconception I'm sure is
set in the same universe as fantasy zone I think a lot of people don't realize
that yeah I know you've mentioned that to me before watch the if you look at
the original games your fantasy zone has the big plaid floors and everything and
And then you have the Checkered Ground, and then the Checkered Ground is in Space Harrier, the originals.
And it's set in the same universe, although they made it completely different for these two.
They look completely different.
So, here's my final thought on the whole 8-bit games being redone.
Guardian Legend remake, Guardian Legend remake.
Deer, Broderbund, and who else put that game out?
I don't remember.
Broderbund was the publisher of it.
Please do a Guardian Legend remake.
make. Oh my god, I would never leave the house, ever. It's done. It would be more addicting
than-
You know, there was, there wasn't a game that came out-
Guardian Legend Online.
Oh my god.
No, I don't know. Guardian Legend is not a game to be played online. Guardian Legend
is a masturbatory game. It's a solo experience.
Yeah, it's, you know what? They need to freakin' do-
It's a solo orgasm.
You know what? It was the original, it was the original survival horror game.
I don't know if I'd call it a horror game.
Well, okay, but it was the original survival game, if you think about it.
Because here you are, on this planet, by yourself, you know, this is before Samus ever did her
deal, I think, because there was the, what do you call it, Guardia, that came out before
that on the MSX.
Yeah, okay.
I mean, if you want to get technical with that.
Didn't the MSX come out before the Famicom?
It did.
Okay.
But yeah, I think it was on the MSX.
But anyway, you know, you're there and you can turn into a ship, but you have to go find
weapons.
I mean, she was doing it before Snake ever did his thing.
It's the same thing too.
It's tactical, survival, espionage, horror shooting game.
I always, I don't know if I'd go as far to say that it was this new genre of game that
was fabulous, but what it did is it took two genres of existing games like Zelda and Gradius
to kind of name two more like life force maybe but took these two days and brought them together
so beautifully.
It's just like going to a wedding and crying at the beautiful union of these two things.
And it had the little thingies from Adventure of Lolo.
What?
The blue thingies from Adventure of Lolo.
It did.
They've had the shots.
I don't think they were, I think they were supposed to be, they're related to the blue
things from Zexes Z-E-Y-X-Z that game Zexes? Yeah I think it's related to those
blue guys not the Lolo guy I think Lolo is a different blue guy. So I was like hey the guys
from adventure from adventure Lolo left they're boycotting. It was I you know it
had really good music in it too and I also knew the trick where you could walk
through the the wall the divider walls in the center like if you held your
controller at an angle and you could walk through the wall and get to the
other side. Epic games are great. And you know the other neat controller trick was
the one for Mega Man 3. I submitted the thing to Nintendo Power
way back when because I was the first person on the world that found this little trick. You know
everyone knew about the double jump in Mega Man 3 where you hold down your
left and right and I think A button or something like that on the second
controller and you can I put it on the floor and sit in a chair and hold it with
my feet but if you fall down a hole and then you let go and then hit it again
you'll hear the die noise and then you can jump out of the hole and you have no
life really and you can use the only way that you can shoot anything is to use
your special weapons because your shot is also your life but if you hit a power
up you know a life refill then you have to do the trick again but it's really
convenient when you're going against a boss and they can't kill you because you're already
dead. So that's, you know, I'm going off on a tangent right now.
Hooray for aggression. That's all right. All right, we need a topic
change. So you're going to be gone the next two weeks. So what's going on? For those that
are just joining us tonight, because I know we have some new folks, what's going on? Why
are you going to be leaving us the next couple of weeks?
I'm going to see my family.
The fifth is my mama's birthday.
I'm very pissed off that this is going
to go into the Vikings of the week
because I can't buy my mom her Alan Jackson tickets
because I can't afford them.
Which I'm really not that upset about me missing Alan Jackson,
but mom is really good.
And unless the credit card I signed up for arrives,
I can't get her tickets.
So I'm going to take her out to eat.
I'm going to try to do something nice, but the general itinerary is spending time
with my family, spending time with my mama-san and papa-san, who are really,
really good friends of mine who took care of me when I needed some place to stay.
Going to my college and getting my transcripts, because you know technically I'm still enrolled
at the University of South Alabama.
Technically, I'm still enrolled at a school in California, too.
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to have to get a SARS mask to go visit my mom's house
because she and her husband both smoke and also have a dog.
What am I super allergic to?
Cigarette-smoking dog.
Didn't you, oh, I don't, I'm a fan of Tangerine.
Well, yeah, but.
But it was the cigars because I wasn't allergic to them.
But I think it's different.
Once you quit, like, it can.
Well, it's really stupid to me because I had asthma.
It can really affect you.
Honestly, and I know that probably some people who are listening smoke,
I know that some people do every so often.
But I still think that it's probably the most retarded thing anyone can do to themselves.
That, and it's also pretty, and forgive me for saying so, this is how I feel about it.
It's also pretty inconsiderate of other people because you're poisoning their air.
If you think about it.
They have to breathe the smoke.
And oh my God, I went to the casino and I thought I was going to die.
You went to the casino?
I went to Thunder Valley yesterday with Iguana Girl and Islander.
You know what's weird about that casino?
No arcade.
Yeah.
I'm such a dork.
The first time the casino opened up, I'm like, oh, maybe there will be a cool DDR machine
because that's just what an addict I am.
No arcade to be found anywhere.
Where do the kids go when mommy and daddy go to gambling?
I know that happens a lot.
I think that they lock them in the trunk.
The whole reason we went was to play bingo.
They have bingo there?
They have bingo.
It's pretty fun.
When?
They do it once an hour.
It's basically 45-50 minutes of bingo.
Holy shit.
You can do the electronic or you can do the paper play.
In the paper play, you basically get twice as many cards.
Is there a separate room for bingo or something?
Like a convention room.
I have never seen the bingo room.
It says bingo and big old letters inside.
Like when you go in the door and head off to the right
and around past the snack area, there's the bingo room.
But it's $12 for the paper play and the lightning progressive round and the validation.
But it's pretty fun.
And, you know, I was really close to a blackout.
I mean, I was like three away.
Right.
So.
Did anybody win anything?
Do one of you get three folks on the floor?
Oh, bummer.
But I, we went back to play on the slot machines trying to earn money for the next game.
And I just, when we sat down in front of a machine, put a dollar in it and got 15.50 back.
It's one of those, you know, where you can play up to 15 lines or nine lines or something.
And I got, I only played one line, get this, I played one line, the middle line,
and it was the one that's all like, like the poker faces, like 10 and up.
And I got all 10s across.
So I actually won like 17 off of it that I played a couple more rounds.
My future strategy for casinos, I've learned from Lanky Style,
one of the folks you hear on Vanilla Sky, video poker is where it's at.
Honestly, when I was in Reno last time, the only place I made money was video poker.
And that is all I'm ever going to play.
I lost all my video poker skills.
I don't know what happened.
That is all I'm ever going to play in the future.
When I was in Vegas for the ZDF Freak Moderators trip,
I was at the end of my money when we were leaving.
I had fifty cents in my pocket and I turned it into ten dollars
because I needed a cap there.
I'm looking at the chat room some of the comments on bingo we have some folks
that say they
hate bingo, you get complimentary prune juice, my grandma plays bingo with shuffleboard
was it a lot of old people there playing bingo?
There were old people there but there were a lot of young people too.
I'm noticing bingo seems to be like a younger and younger thing because
We had a girl in one of my classes where I work and we asked everybody, why are you hired
at work and why did you decide to come to this place and work?
One of the girls actually said, I have to fund my bingo addiction.
She had a daughter in her purse.
Not like a son and daughter, but like a bingo daughter, a dauber, not a daughter, a dauber.
She had a dauber in her purse with her, always.
You think we're obsessed on this show?
Well, the thing is, is that they actually have, you know, they've got site machines, but they also have like
soda fountain machines, and coffee,
and tea, and I made a latte
there for myself. I think I played bingo and had a latte with whipped cream.
Well, they have a Starbucks in the casino. You know what they have in the casino?
A fatburger. I can't either. I know, but it's...
Although I did hear they have turkey burgers, so I'll have to go there for a turkey burger.
Oh my god, I ate a pork cutlet. It made me sick, too.
Did you go to the buffet there?
No, I ate it at my friend's house.
We wanted to go to Fresh Choice, so we could come back.
When you come back from Alabama, we'll go play bingo,
and we'll go late so we can go to the buffet,
because the buffet is so good.
The thing is, we played the five and seven game.
And the thing is, though, is that you
don't get a second chance on the five and seven game.
So we need to go play the earlier games
if we're going to go.
Interesting.
So you can get a second chance to win, because I was close.
Is it going 24 hours a day?
No, I don't think so.
Oh, well shit.
Because the buffet is like, I know
this is really interesting to all our listeners out of town,
but just bear with us.
The buffet is only like $6 after 11 o'clock at night.
Holy crap, we should go.
You have to go late.
But man, if you don't eat all day and then go, oh.
What's it like during the day?
Pricey?
Like $15.
That's still not bad.
Not bad, but considering everything you get, not bad.
The one I went to at the, I wouldn't say the Beaux-Rivage, but that's one in Biloxi where
my friend works, but it was the Rio Casino.
They have a seafood buffet, it was like 30 bucks, but you get like Maine lobster on the
buffet.
I was like king crab, Alaskan snow crab, and everything.
I was like, oh, fish.
OK.
But that's, 15's not bad compared.
Well, we'll have to go and get back.
But have fun in Alabama.
I don't know what we're going to do on the show
without you while you're gone.
Because Loki and I, the last time
we did a show by ourselves, it was very interesting.
Yeah, that was the first time Loki made super bacon on the air.
I'm hoping we have a temporary fill-in somehow.
Oh, we'll get somebody.
to find a woman because we need the female perspective on the show you know
what we need to get yeah we need to make melody come down now we'll figure
something out we need to get pixie too I haven't yet to meet her I've heard good
things about her but I have to meet Oh pixie dust I'm thinking I'm thinking of
the other pixie there's two pixies and then I'll have to like call you know
I'll just we'll just get all the women here in your absence. We'll get Irene and melody and Janae and
Violent hyper girl, we'll just get them all here one night, and you know we'll have a we'll have a girls night on orange lounge
And I'll just be sitting in the corner making fun of everyone else
We'll see
We'll see
Well, so who knows what's gonna happen when when you're gone, but we'll still be doing shows you're gonna miss episode 69
I cry that's okay
But some more announcements about what's coming up to the station. So big changes coming in November all through the month, really?
So we'll talk about that in a little while. Oh my god, my voice still isn't all the way back
Well, I was just about to go into
I was just about to go into how was your week? How was your day?
So, I'll let you continue your bitching by asking you, how was your week?
How was your day?
I didn't have a voice most of the week, and as everyone can tell, it's barely, barely back.
I felt lots better, you know, progressively throughout the day.
The cough is, I guess, as everyone can tell, mostly cleared up,
although I still need the codeine at night.
I'm on happy drugs.
I took the last of my antibiotics today.
Whee!
I didn't touch my bimani except to lend it out to people while I'm out of town.
And.
Shit, I should have gotten my ignition pad back.
Oh well.
That's all right.
He's going to have the super ones done soon enough.
Okay. Yeah, I haven't been able to play DDR while my asthma has been so bad.
But I'm going to play an Alabama and I'm going to play the BeatMania 6 Mix Machine
if they still have it in the middle of the wall.
I'm looking forward to that.
Really, I didn't do a lot, much of anything.
Dan and I went out a bunch.
We, on Halloween, my work, every department decorated for a contest.
And like there's this one group that's in another building at the, at the, I just told Bob where it is.
But there's another building back there that they did, Studio 100M.
So they made it up like a dance club.
And it was really nice, but like one of the rooms upstairs was the super VIP room.
And they had like baking powder out on a mirror with a laser blade to the liquid cane.
And everyone was dressed up all 70s and everything.
Oh, that's a lovely picture.
One of the other places was they did it up like the Old West.
It was really nice the way they did it.
You know, had a bum in the jail and everything.
And another one was the haunted pirate ship.
And one was the 60s.
They did the 60s theme.
And you know they handed out the snacks, brownies, and this stuff called bong water.
Oh, how nice.
It's a drink that these people are making in Arizona,
and they're going to be marketing it here now.
Coming up in the next few months or so, and I tried it and it's really good.
It's not really carbonated, but more like a flavored water beverage.
It's really good.
Now, customer service was the best, and we won best, of course.
Did you?
We were haven and heck, and I decided that I was going to be in hell, so I wear my evil
boots.
Where you belong.
I wear my evil boots that I wear at Anima Expo for my Mad Hatter costume, the ones that
make me instantly fight it just taller.
Black pinstripe pants, this black corporate looking top, and my black wings.
I had lots of really gothic makeup and carried my whip with me, and I was a modern day angel
of death.
And all the chemicals were lined in black, and the walls were black and red, and we had
a guillotine, and we had the grim reaper hanging out in the corner.
Off with their heads.
Fire.
Did you have any watermelons?
We had these fakes coming into the major walkways, and they had fire erasing from them.
We had little torches, fake fire everywhere.
Cool.
And we had the lights off.
Fire's great.
So it was all red and fiery and everything.
I totally missed Halloween in my work, but I'll get into that later.
But one of the girls at my work, her costume was the best she did, the girl from The Ring,
the TV girl.
Cool.
Keep in mind, I haven't seen The Ring, but I knew her costume.
She won scariest costume, and it was perfect.
It was absolutely perfect.
The Ring, for a contemporary horror movie, it's really, really good.
I need to watch Ringo.
I have actually heard that some people, even folks that usually prefer Javanese cinema,
say the ring is better but i've heard mixed well i've heard that the first
one's more the japanese ones more suspense and the american ones more
horror
yeah i could see that and i would go for the suspense over the other
and i watched movie trailers today
preview for a movie i have to see what's that alien vs predator
oh give me give me a break that looks like crap no i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm
I'm going to see it because I've read some of the comics, I love the game.
Alien vs. Predator needs to stay a video game.
I know it's nothing like the comics.
I have a question. I have a question that will determine if this movie will suck or not.
Is Sigourney Weaver in it?
No.
Fuck this movie.
But I'm still going to see it.
I'm still going to see it just because I want to see all the action that ensues.
I don't care about the story.
I'm there to see predators and aliens beating each other up.
This movie ruins the continuity of all the sequels.
Seriously, it makes no sense with this movie being there.
It makes no sense.
It's just retarded.
I would rather see Freddy vs Jason ten more times.
I'd rather go see The House of the Dead than this movie.
The story is utter shit, but I think the action is going to be good.
And I want to see the decapitations and shootings and blood and crap.
I want to see all...
I'm going...
I want to see the production.
Alright, fair enough.
So you're in it for the violence.
I'm in it for the violence.
Alright, fair enough.
That I can...
That for me is going to be a gore test.
The cheesy gore, I can deal with that as a reason.
I don't...
The story is shit.
However, let's see Alien vs. Predator vs. Ash.
How about it?
Huh?
How about it?
I'll just bring out the boomstick.
The question from Chat Room Jamie, is the featurette on the web somewhere?
If you go to apple.com slash trailers, it's actually in, I think the, either,
I think there's four columns and it's in the, the second one.
Cool. So what other movie trailers did you watch?
I watched one for Resident Evil Apocalypse.
That was funny.
Is that the sequel?
Yeah. It's a commercial for the stuff called Regenerate.
And this woman, and you can tell it's obviously touched up, a young woman,
but she's got it looking all wrinkled and everything.
And it's like, it looks like, for the people who saw Resident Evil,
it looks like the T-Virus thing that they dropped at the beginning.
It's like using T-cell technology.
You know, I wasn't a huge fan of the Resident Evil movie.
I mean, there just aren't a lot of good video game movies.
I know a lot of the hardcore date gamers really did like the movie.
I'm kind of in a minority there, but maybe I'll check out the sequel when it's on video.
You need to watch the trailer, though, because it is hilarious.
I'm sorry, the best movie, you know, game movie adaptions have to be, without a doubt, Street Fighter and Double Dragon. They rocked like nothing else.
Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
No, I thought you were going to see Super Mario Brothers.
Has there been a really, really good one?
Well...
Mortal Kombat was decent.
Mortal Kombat was good.
when I was at that age.
You know what I thought would have, was better than,
and actually it's another Van Damme movie,
but I thought it was better than the Street Fighter movie
that they did, because it seemed like it fit more in it.
What was it called, The Quest?
Yeah, there was a Van Damme movie called The Quest.
That made me think of the Street Fighter flick,
what Street Fighter should have been.
I had that whole impression when I saw it, and I went and saw
that one in the theater because it was a dollar movie.
The whole reason I was there is because I went there
to play one of my favorite games ever,
Starblade because they had the one in the big crane set up when you paid 75 cents and you were in this full 3D motion.
Cool.
And they told me that I had to see a movie to keep playing the game so I went and saw that.
And then I went and saw that because I was like the only person who could.
The Last Starfighter.
Wasn't that, that was the game?
The game came out after the movie.
The game came out after the movie.
The game came out after the movie.
Whatever, it still ties together.
Last time I thought it was a good movie.
You lose, try again.
But no, I never was a good one.
I just can't think of what it was.
Let's ask our chat room.
What?
What do they think?
You know, we need to do a list tonight.
What game needs to be made into a movie?
We can do it.
Just three of us?
Sure, why not?
We'll put four things on instead of three okay fair enough, okay?
Okay, I'm cool guys. We haven't done that ever no. Well. Okay. We'll do that. I thought we had to
Well, I'll ask the orange lounge historian that such as dark to be our angel that follows the show better than we do
If you've done that before I don't think we have I don't think that we've done that one I
I know we've joked a lot about DDR the movie on this show, but I don't think we ever did that one.
What a big hoax. You know, I laugh to this day about the people who thought it was going to happen.
I still think, especially after seeing the Para Para manga, which I think came up on Vanilla Sky, I don't think it came up on this show because we didn't find it until Monday.
Actually, the Power of Harm manga was the exact same story they were going to use for the DDR movie, so I'm thinking that, uh, people bought the story for the DDR movie and go,
Well, let's just put it within the other Bomani game. They're never going to know the difference.
So, back to your week and your day.
I'm still waiting for Battle Royale Volume 3 to be out, and I haven't had a chance to go by Kinokuniya to pick up the others that I'm missing.
So, apart from that, I decided that I'm going to start picking up another manga series after I'm done with Battle Royale.
And that's Berserk, which is still going and very expensive, but I don't care. And that's really about it.
Spent lots of time with my boy.
Loki, we haven't heard much from you this show. Hey, chat room, no flooding.
Alright, you're getting kicked.
Every last one of you.
Loki, we haven't heard much from you yet this show. What's up?
I've eaten too much rice. I had two bowls of rice. I should have known better than that.
But, I didn't do anything this week.
And, just kind of hung out.
Got a costume for Halloween, wore the costume for Halloween, and was working on my pads,
or not my pads, my cabinet was working on it.
I was going to finish it, or well not really finish it,
but start actually putting it together today.
But then I realized my measurements were off because the plans called for 5 eighths
of an inch MDF to be used when I was using 3 quarters of an inch MDF.
So I have to readjust some, but at least it's, you know, trimming down pieces, not, you know,
not screwing myself over with pieces being too short, so that's always good.
Still a pain in the ass.
And then, I don't know, not too much other stuff has been going on.
Just been sitting at home and stuff inside because it's cold out and went
down the golf lane yesterday and I was okay and stupid people there.
I don't know, not much, you'd think I'd be playing Castlevania since I bought it, but no I'm not, because I don't care, and thought about playing Zelda today but never actually got to play Zelda today, and I don't know, just broke waiting for more money, that's about it.
My week was interesting because I was on vacation this week
and originally my plan was to go to West Hollywood for Halloween.
Because, you know, I want to be with my people on Halloween.
But it didn't end up happening.
We decided to cancel the trip, mostly because of the fires that were going on in SoCal.
We kind of didn't want to end up in the middle of all of it.
My friend has really bad asthma and was afraid that the ash in the air might get to him.
Contacts as well, things like that.
And just some other stuff that came up.
So we ended up going on the trip.
So I've kind of just been having a lazy vacation.
I've just been sitting on my big butt.
I literally think I've gained three pounds while on this
vacation, and I don't care.
Because I've kind of just needed it, I think, because
I've been working really hard nonstop for the
past couple months.
And it's going to be crazy.
This holiday season right up until Christmas is going to be
really crazy.
I'm just not going to have any time for anything.
So I'm kind of glad I kind of got a little vacation before I
have to go back.
Sometimes a vacation can be taken in your living room.
And I played a lot of Final Fantasy XI.
I'll talk about Final Fantasy XI a little later in the show,
much to Jamie's dislike.
But she'll just have to deal with it.
It means I have to buy a new freaking graphics card
if I want to get it.
I don't feel like spending the money on it.
When Ragnarok is hitting me just fine.
So that was pretty much my week and my day.
Today not a whole lot going on.
and I've just been sleeping in, I try to get myself back
on a regular sleep schedule because I've got to get
up early and go back to work tomorrow, so I don't want
to be on too crazy of a sleep schedule because I don't want
to be an irritable bitch tomorrow.
That's pretty much it.
Oh, at least you're not going in for the 5.30 shift.
No, but I am going in a half hour early tomorrow,
which means we're going in at 7, which for me is early,
so we'll see.
I think we work the same shift.
I work 7.30 to 4 usually.
Oh, 7.30, 4.30.
I only take a half for lunch.
I have something to tell you later though, which might be interesting.
Oh really? Yes, my work is moving in a few months.
Oh, to near me? To the area I used to work in.
Oh, okay. That's cool. Cool deal.
Okay, well I think we're going to do this break is we're going to
take another break actually right now and then we're going to come back and we
actually have some Bahmani things to talk about so we'll do that.
We have the cage match still, the FUs of the week, of course, all that fun stuff.
What do you want to hear?
Talk about the break.
Okay, we're going to, since we did a TAC break last time, I think what we're going
to do this time is we'll take a TAC break.
Won't that be fun?
Yay. So, we'll be back and some Bomani news to talk about, among other things.
Join our chat room, www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on Chat.
And while I look for the MP3, I want this break.
I think that later on during the show, though, we need to do a break of another's.
We could do that.
We could.
Because, you know, I'm really, really, really, sometimes today,
wanting to hear leading cyber another.
We'll see if we can arrange that.
Alright, we're going to take a break with some Taka music and we will be back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You
You
Maybe they've seen us, and welcome us all So many like you to all, and things to be found
I'm still not alone, it turns out
The final countdown
The final countdown
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Howdy. We're back. Did you miss us?
Orange Lounge Radio episode number 67. We're in the middle of it right now.
right now.
Yeah, and it's gooey and sticky.
Big station news.
Big, big station news.
There's a lot of shit coming to the station in November.
First off, this Wednesday is the return of Live Wire.
So you better be listening, because we don't want
Loki to have another fit.
But no, if you're not listening, you're seriously
missing out, because it's some good stuff.
Oh, if you're not listening, you're a poopy head.
That's right.
you're missing out on live mixing of dance, trance, and sometimes,
sometimes once in a while, a bimani song.
Of dance, trance, and antsy?
Is there anything you want to say about Loki?
He's too busy thumbing through my Final Fantasy XI manual.
No, he says no.
Isn't, oh.
Loki, you're being awfully quiet tonight.
Is everything okay?
Are you feeling all right?
I have a headache.
Aww, he has a headache.
Do you want some?
You want some new bread?
Advil?
Mine is just outside.
Oh, it's outside.
So we have Livewire returning on Wednesday.
This week, by the way, this week and one week only, Vanilla Sky
and Pump Up the Volume are changing nights.
So Pump Up the Volume will be on Monday.
Vanilla Sky will be on Tuesday.
Just so you know.
And I'm probably going to be away from the computer quite a bit.
Don't tell them that.
Well, no.
But that has to do with Jamie's trip because she's leaving on Tuesday.
Yeah, because I actually, I packed today.
My clothes are packed today.
Oh, okay, cool.
I just have, you know, my other little things to pack.
But, and I'm hoping that people actually make requests this time around.
And lots of people listen, make it a good show for me because I won't be able to do it
for two weeks, but you get to hear old shows.
But apart from that, you know, listen, request.
Also coming to the station in November, something that you guys have been asking me
about for a long time, Sunday, November 23rd, mark your calendars,
Sunday, November 23rd is season four, excuse me, of Orange Lounge Radio,
the debut, and that's going to be Jamie's return, because she'll be back
from Alabama, and it's episode number 70, and that is when the station
is going to go to MP3 Pro.
Depending on Live 365's setup, we may or may not be able to have the live
shows an MP3 Pro, but our Bahmani Music Amor program will be an MP3 Pro. For those who
don't know what MP3 Pro is, we'll have details on our website at that point about how you
can get DSL quality sound over your modem connection with MP3 Pro. It's very cool.
Why are you being so biased? What about cable quality?
Okay, cable, highest, and better quality, because life uses five buttons that is DSL
quality.
I'm teasing.
Way better quality. How about this?
Broadband Quality Radio over your modem.
That would be great.
Oh, I had the ferret in the air.
And also, just before Jamie gets back from break, we will
be setting the ferrets on fire live.
No!
I will hide the ferrets.
Hey, babies.
The ferrets love me here.
Look, don't kill the babies.
You fat murderer!
You're going to have to take them to Alabama with you if
You don't want them to die.
You are anti-ferret.
I think that's all the news for now, coming up to the station soon.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm anti-ferret.
There is one other thing.
I was hoping tonight we would have new Papa Music 10 MP3s to debut for you because we've
gotten the connection to get the music for it.
There is some great stuff on the Papa Music 10 soundtrack, honestly.
I know a lot of people have always been kind of,
pop and music stuff's kind of cheesy, things like that.
But seriously, there's some good shit on pop and music 10.
And you guys have to hear it.
For instance, Tack doing a duet with Desrow.
Oh, God.
Very interesting.
It sounds a lot like Distress.
That would just make me so.
Tacko with a new trance song and he got together with somebody
and I can't fucking remember who it was.
I apologize.
I'll have to see when I get the soundtrack.
And then, this is the greatest one of all, Mr. T doing Goonies Are Good Enough.
Cool.
It is the coolest thing I've ever heard in a Bobondi game in my life.
I cannot wait.
So I can't wait.
That's going to be great.
And I'm still looking for a attack.
What I'm thinking is maybe Thursday or so we'll have like a Pop and Music 10 debut special.
will be pre-taped. It won't be a live thing. Just some music so you guys can hear it.
That's going to be awesome.
I still remember being all happy about hearing the Yamato theme.
Yeah, the Yamato theme from Pop'n Music. Maybe we'll play some Pop'n Music MV3s later.
And the Lum song.
Yeah, that song?
The Lum theme song.
Oh, okay.
the
so hopefully we'll have those pop music ten mps for you soon
uh...
there's also the trial freaks uh... new music that's out to but uh... i don't
know if there's anything on our land right now maybe we'll be able to get to
a later in the show we'll see
i still need to be more home versions of the guitar freaks games
I do too.
You know, I have a freaking drum mania controller and two guitar freaks controllers
and no session.
No new sessions for me.
And they need to figure out how to get keyboard mania to work with it too.
I agree.
My poor
dust collected
keyboard mania.
I haven't played keyboard mania. I never even did bother to buy second and third.
Oh yeah, second and third did better than the first one.
You know what's nice? What's nice is I'll finally be able to dust off my 2DX controller because they have the
signatures they needed or whatever to get the
get the new
consumer style made.
Well, I'm hoping that if I have the money available I might just
when they do the new arcade style controller release
just breaking down and ordering mine through Himea.
I'm hoping that in the new 2DX consumer style that they have every Konami original from
7th, 8th, and 9th style.
That would be so beautiful.
I'd cry.
That would be pretty cool.
And you know, now that we've seen DDR Extreme, we know that Konami is willing to put 100
plus songs in a home mix.
So there's no reason why they can't do DDR without it.
And then they need to put TAC in a box and ship them to my house.
It can mix for me all day at gunpoint.
Well, let's see some other news going on right now in the Bamani world.
I wanted to read this for you guys.
I've got to pull up the story, though.
Jamie, feel time.
Hey, I hear it.
You know what?
What?
I'm sitting on the floor, and I don't know why.
Why are you sitting on the floor tonight?
and it's not in front of the camera.
I can hide here effectively.
Not many places I can hide effectively from the webcam.
Actually, yeah, there are.
There are plenty of places.
All right.
Here's what I wanted to get into.
The song list is released for DDRXBox, also, DDR UltraMix,
because a lot of us have been calling it DDRXBox.
The full song list is out, and so I thought we'd go over it
and get your guys' reactions to the songs that are on it.
What do you guys think?
Loki, you with us?
Okay, cool.
0.59 by DJ Taka.
We.
Absolute, The Cuff N' Stuff It Mix by Thuggy D,
which would pretty much be Scotty D.
That's stupid.
What?
It sounds kind of stupid, the name.
Yeah, The Cuff N' Stuff It Mix sounds a little,
I'm worried because I'm wondering
if it's gonna be like a rap version of Absolute, you know?
Okay, that would suit.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That would suck more than anything has sucked before.
Except for that, don't move.
I'm going to, I'm going to just have high hopes.
Hi, we're still here.
Also on DDR UltraMix, after the game of love, notice it's not after the game,
but because Xbox will be a little more scandalous, they're going with after the game of love.
A new transplant song from 2DX, Ballad For You is going to be an ultra mix, that should
be interesting.
But it's Thomas Howard, so all you Thomas Howard fanboys and girls will be...
That is not a good Thomas Howard song.
Like it or not, there it is.
Candy Heart will be in the new DDR.
Can't Stop Following in Love, the speed mix by Naoki.
Oh yay, speed mix.
A new license song, Castles in the Sky, Ian Van Dowell featuring Marsha, will be a song
in Xbox.
Marsha, Marsha, Marsha!
We'll play that for you later in the show if we have time.
Does it suck?
It's pretty good.
I like it.
It's on the same par as Will I in Max 2.
I think I like Will I a little bit more, but Castles in the Sky is not bad.
Dive by B4U.
Oh, the joy.
Do That Thing by Masai, that's another licensed song, I've never heard this song.
What's That Thing?
It's Do That Thang, with an A, it's a thang, not a thing but a thang.
Is that like Thing's cousin thang, you know like a foot that comes out of a box?
The thang, you know it's the new thang.
Drop the Bomb, the System SF remix.
Oh Joy, Oh Rapture.
DXY by Tack.
Electro-Tuned by Tack.
Exotic ethnic by revengee.
Oh, yay.
Uh... healing vision by desire. At least it's not the stupid angelic mix.
What? You don't like the angelic mix?
The angelic mix is like one of my favorite remixes of any DDR song ever.
The angelic mix gives me a splitting headache every time I listen to it.
Is it just the beep? Take the beep out though and it's a beautiful remix. That's okay, I still like the original better.
You are weird.
Hypnotic Crisis by the Blue Destroyers, that should be interesting.
My First Cata, Hysteria by Naoki190, because you have to have your generic Konami trying
to do rap song.
Another transplant from 2DX, and this is a really good one in my opinion, Infinite Prayer
by LED, and what's most interesting about that is I had heard rumors that LED had left
Konami, I don't know if they're true or not, but if I'm not mistaken we haven't had any
new LED songs in a while, but kind of interesting.
Infinite Prayer is going to be in DDR.
Which mix, is this the standard?
It's the standard.
Wouldn't it be cool if they put the floating block in?
Because that's my favorite mix of that.
It would be nice.
And there are still 10 unlocked, so you never know.
But this is the original that's going to be in it.
But the original original was, if I'm not mistaken, was a
club mix song before it was a 2DX song.
I think so.
Insertion, the Machine Gun Kelly mix, a remix of
of insertion by Thuggy D. So we can look forward to a wrap
mix of insertion.
That should be interesting.
But that might be kind of good, because there's a lot of
good rap out there about insertion.
Oh, by the way, that's something else I need to do.
Oh, I'm going to stick my what?
I need to bring up something after the list.
All right.
Keep on moving the DMX mix by NMR Type G. It's kind of new,
very interesting.
It's not new, says Loki.
Where is it from?
It's from Dance Maniacs.
Oh.
Oh, I'll be damned.
It sure is.
My bad.
My bad.
Oh, maybe we'll have to listen to that later.
Keep Your Body Movin' by Thuggy D. It's a new Konami
original there.
Thuggy D.
Oh, you have it?
Are we going to hear it?
OK, so this is a little bit of Keep On Movin' the DMX mix.
Just a little clip.
I'm curious how different this is in the original.
It's kinda ghetto. I don't think I like it. Whatever. Turn this shit off.
It sounds like a bad another.
God, I'm a stupid asshole. DMX mix, of course, that means dance maniacs mix. God, I'm a tard.
You do know some rap mix. Call the truth.
Kind Lady by Okiatos. We all know Kind Lady. It's been in every DDR mix.
We need the 80s one.
I like Kind Lady, too. I'm glad it's there. La Senorita Virtual by T.M.E.
The worst version of that song.
I've heard much worse DDR mixes than La Senorita Virtual.
I never really cared for that one.
OK.
Also going to be in DDR UltraMix will be Let the Beat Hit Em,
classic R&B style, because it's just not DDR without some
crappy mix of Let the Beat Hit Em.
You know that the only version of that one I really liked was
the one that was in Max.
I think that's it.
That's the one.
Then that's the good one.
Let's Talk It Over.
That's decent.
Look to the Sky, the True Color mix.
Love to Me, the disco mix, by Yamato, On the Jazz, Overblast by LED Light, Paranoia Eternal,
the fan written Paranoia, A New Transplant, new to DDR UltraMix, Quickening by DJ Taka,
that's a very cool one, a licensed song, this will be a lot of fun, Paul Oakenfold with
Ready Steady Go. I don't know the song but... Hey, I have the CD. It's on my CD. Oh, cool.
It's like the first track I think on the Buka CD. Maybe we'll get to that song later. Santa
Melente Nante, of course, a fan favorite. Togo Project featuring Sana. That'll be good.
Secret Rendezvous by the Divas. Ooh. Sexy Planet by Crystal Aliens. Kind of one of those
songs that a lot of people thought we wouldn't see because American audiences can't handle
the word sex. It's Sensual Planet. It's Sensual Planet, but believe it or not it is coming
to DDR UltraMix. This is the licensed song I'm most excited about. Shiny Disco Balls
by Huda Funk. I love this song. I can't wait to play it. I've never heard it. Late night,
rock and roll fellas. Oh, we're going to hear a little clip of Shiny Disco Balls right here.
here. Can we hear a clip of it? I'm not hearing it. Get to the lyrics. We're skipping around
the mp3 a little bit. This is an extended mix of the song. I love this song. It's really
I love this song. It's really repetitive, but I love it.
Ready, steady, go is better, stop doing this.
Anyway, that'll be fun.
So In Love by Caramel S.
Okay.
That'll be in Dior Ultra Mix.
Superstar, DJ Rich featuring Tell Brothers.
God, has there been a home mix that Superstar was not on?
Sweet, Sweet Heart Magic.
The Heart Magic, by June.
The Earth Light, by L.E.D. Light.
That's cool.
A new Konami original by ThuggyD, once again.
There For You.
That should be interesting.
Trip Machine, The Love Mix, by 2MB.
The Love Mix.
And lastly...
Yes, Logie?
Go ahead.
Lastly, Tsugaru, Revenge vs. Desire.
Yes, Logie.
one that they didn't put on there, but it's going to be an unlock.
Mind Parasite from Dance Maniacs is going to be on there.
Also, Colors is rumored to be in the game as well.
Now, this is the interesting thing is don't forget there's ten unlocks,
but also DDR UltraMix is going to have the pay for new songs feature,
which is going to be interesting.
And this is what I've heard, this is what's come off of DDR Freak.
I read in some post by Order of Chaos, who's the producer for DDR UltraMix, said something
about five songs, $5. What do you guys think? Is this a good idea for DDR? Shitty idea?
Only ten unlocks this time, but five songs, $5. What do you think, Loki?
That's fine, I'm sure, because it's obviously going to download to the hard drive. So whenever
If there's a transfer of files, there'll be a way to pirate the songs anyways.
And it doesn't matter anyways, because someone's going to buy it for five bucks.
Put the same files online, I'll give it a free.
They apparently have forgotten about the little device called the Xbox GameShark, and people
with laptops.
Who can save those files to their laptops?
All illegality aside, let's assume we played by the legal way here.
What do you guys think of it?
That's five dollars I could get a sandwich with.
That's only five bucks.
I mean, I throw $5 down for lunch, so, you know,
I eat at home one day, I get five songs.
As long as they're not shit, because I can see it being,
like, utter shit that they're going to put on there,
but if it was good stuff, yeah.
Let them move, the Let Them Move remix, the, you know,
like, Forever Sunshine.
They have like a set of five that's all newt remixes.
Yes, they're going to have a pack with Forever Sunshine and Let Them Move and God, what else
is DDR song no one likes?
Crash.
Crash.
Thank you.
And more B For You songs.
And then an original with Yoko Ono.
bag for you the Thuggy D remix. Yes, it'll be bagged for you by Thuggy D.
Featuring, um, what's-her-face from, from, uh, you know the song that used to be in DDR?
What? Shit.
Shit? I don't know that song. Panorama.
You know what's interesting about this mix? You know what I'm just noticing that is very
interesting about this mix? There is only one song in this entire mix that has Polteri
in it I'm thinking I'm thinking one of those expansion packs I'm gonna call it
right here one of those expansion packs is gonna be five now keep featuring
Polteri songs god help I'm gonna bet you anything that's anything I don't people
there's people who like yes there are people there's people who can't sing
there's people who come to this show on Monday nights this week Tuesday who like
voluntary so there are people out there who like voluntary but I just think that
you're saying you know I was feeling to be in in a shitty DDR song I forgot
about when was all coming out again when was this coming out ultra mix is out
I don't know.
I'm out November.
Sometime this month.
I don't remember the date.
I think the 18th.
The 18th.
We'll see.
I want to get an Xbox anyway, so we'll see.
Hold this for a second.
I'll find out.
You're weak.
Oh, Jamie's going to make a phone call.
Actually, somebody in our chat room will probably post it.
But Jamie's going to get an official word.
Yeah, it's in the same.
Oh, hello.
It's in the same post as the song list.
Thank you.
It is the November 18th.
So also rumored to be in the mix that we haven't seen any
proof of yet, but Metal Gear Solid 2, the
theme, I think it is.
Or maybe it's that mix from Six Mix.
That would be awesome.
Very cool.
Do you have that Paul Logan-fold song? Do you want to play a little bit of that?
Oh, you don't have that one? What about the other one that was in there? There was another one we said we want to play.
Oh, Castles in the Sky, I have that one.
You have that?
Let's race and see who can pull it up first.
This is really good radio. I know, this is great radio. Loki and I are having a race right now.
By the way, I vouch for chloroceptic.
It really works. Okay, got it.
Here's Castles in the Sky.
That's Castles in the Sky if you're curious.
It sounds pretty typical.
Yeah, it sounds very much like Will I. I prefer Will I to that song, but I heard a rumor that
the steps were going to be insane to that song, so we'll see. They might have some really
good original steps to that.
I have a little bit of news.
Oh, really?
Have you read anything on Yahoo?
Give me your news.
Now the FCC has said that it is okay to say fuck on national television.
What? Really?
As long as it is not used to describe fucking.
That's the same way, you know what, that's the same rule you can use to say the word fuck in a PG-13 movie.
You can't say asshole, but you can say ass.
Sweet.
So now you can say fuck on TV, I can't wait for next week's South Park.
if this is fucking annoying, or this is fucking stupid, or fuck him, or...
I cannot wait for next week's South Park.
But yeah, and that all came up, I think it was someone who was accepting an award,
they go, well this is fucking awesome, and the FCC got a bunch of letters,
and they were like, well, he didn't actually say that, like, I'm going to go fuck this person, so...
I'm going to go home and fuck my wife!
Chat room's itching for us to get our cage match on.
What do you guys think? Let's do it.
Alright, let's do it.
I didn't have to think of one this week.
Yeah, I know you got saved this week. Let's do the orange launch cage match tonight, shall we?
You know what sucks?
What? I think I deleted Holic off my computer.
That's okay, I know it's on Loki's, I can get it through there.
How dare you delete any tax? I had to delete so much stuff. Buy a hard drive! To make room for Final Fantasy XI is not even funny. Get a hard drive!
That's alright, we have Holly. You know what?
I have a 120 gig hard drive.
And I've used um...
50 of it.
I need to start burning off stuff off of my hard drive.
Alright, ready? Because I'm lazy.
from the Orange Launch Cage Match.
Last week in the Cage Match, Jamie won the Cage Match.
And her song was, do you want to introduce it?
It was Little Flower
by CyberX featuring Rapina, wasn't it?
I think it was.
And it won by quite a landslide.
So will it win by a landslide again tonight? I don't know, we'll see. The way the Cage Match works,
the three of us are going to pick a song
and you're going to pick your favorite.
And your favorite, determined by your votes,
that are sent to me in the chat room
once we've done playing all three songs.
Your vote will determine what song goes into rotation
all week long on Orange Lounge Radio.
So here it is, song number one
that you can vote for tonight.
Jamie's pick from last week, which one?
And you only get to hear a clip of it
because it is the winner.
This is CyberX featuring Rapinoe with Little Flower.
Enjoy.

Me
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
Konnazura gite mou keshite Akira nazuni
You can't leave me without my love
I'm not afraid of you
I'm not afraid of you
I'm not afraid of you
I'm not afraid of you
All right, that was song number one, last week's winner, CyberX featuring Rapinoe with
I forgot to put that in the chat room.
Usually I announce what songs 1 and 2 are.
So Jamie, tell us how wonderful that song is while I do that part.
It's a 9.
It's chancy.
No, no, no, no.
You already rated it last week.
You just have to go on about how great it is.
It's awesome.
You really, really like the song because you already really seem to like trance.
It doesn't get much trancier than that unless it's das Scrockenspiel which puts me in a
trance every time I drive and I usually run into things.
Alright, Loki insists I do his song next.
Oh, he's going to find it, well then I'm going to go next.
My song I picked tonight, it's an older song, it's a few years old and actually those of
you that listen to Understation Live on a regular basis may recognize this song because
I know it's one of Travis' favorite break songs, but I've just been really addicted
I think it would be awesome for DDR, in fact I'm gonna convince Loki to put it on his bootleg mix.
I love this song a lot, and I hope you guys do too. I really didn't have any other good choices for tonight so I picked a nice little poppy techno song for you guys.
I forgot to make a comment on chatroom.
OLK is not spelled with an H, it's OOKI if you're going by Papa Romaji. Thank you.
Well thank you for clarifying.
Now, back to Gage Match, the song I picked is Tina Cousins and it's called Mysterious
Times.
Enjoy
Life, a serious life, never moving around, dancing the rhythm of life.
Time, mysterious time
We're counting the hours and days till the end of all time
We're feeling the change and we don't know why
Choose one direction, just one more time
Don't say I'm thinking too much if you see what's behind
And these are mysterious times
Mysterious times
No truth of my mind
For this moment I feel like we live in mysterious times
If you feel what's behind, these are mysterious times
So, I feel my soul
For this moment nobody could stop me from flying so high
Real, nothing is real In a war of illusion you only see what you
feel You're revealing the change and we don't
know why Choose one direction, just one for time
Don't say I'm thinking too much if you see what's behind
And these are mysterious times
Mysterious times
The truth of our minds
For this moment I feel like we're living mysterious times
If you see what's behind, these are mysterious times
Okay, that was song number two tonight, that was Tina Cousins with Mysterious Times.
And what did y'all think, Jamie?
Um, it was pretty good. It was, uh, kind of repetitive. I'm eating rice. I got good rice, too.
It doesn't taste like minute rice, either.
Um, but no.
I know.
It was okay. I give it an eight.
Loki!
It was okay. Seven.
Um, I was kind of strapped for songs this week, so I know that's not the best I can do.
But I still like it, I mean it's a perfect DDR song, it's so perfect for DDR, so I give it eight or nine, eight and a half.
Alright, Loki, what's your pick for this week?
My pick for this week is Cool and the Gang, and it's a song called Get Down On It.
It's the DJ, Jewie Jams, I gotta get the full title here, what is it, Scrolls on Boy here.
It's a Brute Lake remix by DJ Jimmy Jam, whatever that is.
And it's Get Down On It in 2001 by Cool in the Gang.
All right, let's try it out.
Here it is, Loki's pick for this week.
Call the gang. Get down on it.
I say, people, whatcha gonna do?
You gotta get off the groove.
Tell me, baby, how you gonna do it if you really don't wanna dance?
by standing on the wall.
Tell me, are you going to do it if you really
want to take a dance by standing on the wall?
Well, I heard all the music.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
Pull you down.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
Shalalalalala.
What you gon' do if you want to get out?
What you gon' do if you back up off the wall?
Hey, come on.
Standing on the wall, get your back up, up, up.
Tell me, baby, how you gonna do it
if you really go take a chance?
By standing on the wall, get your back up, up, up.
Listen, baby, you know it when you're dancing, yeah.
You show it when you move, move, move.
You know it when you'r dancing, yeah.
You show it as you go across the block.
Get down on it.
If you really want it, you got to feel it.
Get down on it.
Come on and get down on it.
While you're dancing, get down on it.
Get down on it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, yeah.
You can do me, baby, when you move.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Get down on it.
Get down on it.
What you gon' do, if you wanna get out?
I wonder if they're gonna do it for me?
okay sorry about that um we were um sorry i had to get food eating let me turn that
down bobby all right uh cooling the gang with get down on it 2001 jamie it made me think
think of roller skating for some reason
uh... it gets uh...
seven point five for nostalgic coolness
i give it a nine because it's like the second song that's on my cd that i'm listening to right now
first one being last week's pick that no one seemed to like
i give it a three it was boring
i didn't like it
you get no rice now
hope you choke on it
you give my song shitty scores all the time. I gave it a 7 you ass. This is an exception.
I didn't like it. Deal with it.
Cool in the Gang is usually good.
Cool in the Gang is usually good. That just wasn't good.
And what if it was Jungle Boogie?
Alright, who gives a shit what I think. It's up to the chat room now.
Send your votes in the sky over private message once we recap here.
Here are the three songs you can vote for tonight in tonight's cage match. Last week's winner, CyberX
featuring Rupino with Little Flower is the first song you can
vote for this week. If I can get a clip of it.
All right, song two you can vote for this week is Tina Cousins
with mysterious times
alright and song number three you can vote for this week is cool in the gang
with Get Down On It, the DJ Jimmy Jam mix.
Get down on it, get down on it, if you really want it.
Get down on it, you gotta feel it.
Get down on it, get down on it.
All right, send those votes in now over private message
to Sky in the chat room.
All right, Loki, is there anything
going on in the Sim world this week
that's worth talking about?
Uh, no.
I have my beeps. I apologize. If you guys... Oh, sorry.
If you guys are hearing beeps over the air, I apologize. I don't...
They're not turned off for some reason. They got turned back on, so just deal with it.
Um, no. Nothing really going on, unless you count, like, turning makes fourth plus, but, uh, no.
Yeah, why don't you turn it off, you lazy bastard?
What do I turn it off at?
Yeah, people don't like hearing beeps.
Shut up.
I'll see if I can find the sounds option.
Well, sort of simulated, I guess.
It's been noted on a few of the message boards that that
stupid bootleg DDR Megamix is actually running off a ported
version of StepMania to the system 573 boards, which, you
know, for those who don't know what that is, that's the
hardware that all DDR machines run off of. So it's technically StepMania running on that
and some special software and a hacked security chip. So why did the Freezeros look like shit?
Because some of the files were corrupted on the disk, that's why. It was supposed to look
nicer than that but doesn't matter though because it's still just DDR
extreme they didn't add any new songs that's my favorite though is don't fall
off yeah don't fall off or the AT-ST will step on you anyways yeah that's
pretty much all that's going on nothing really big other than that I mean I'm
I'm sure, I think they're in the process of making DDR, or Dancing Stage Fever, converting
the songs over for StepMania, and they're still working on DDR Extreme, even though
I could have had them done weeks ago, but I just don't care anymore, so.
You don't get them from me, so there.
And that's pretty much it, nothing really, oh, well, we can talk about Into the Groove,
I guess that's simple.
Why not?
Go for it.
So, this is a new arcade dancing game that's being developed by the people that do StepMania,
Chris Danford, Kiehl, who you might remember, we have a song of his in rotation, and also
Foyboy, I guess, or Fuby, I forget which one it was. I think it was Fuby, because he does
the steps on DWI Insanity, and so basically they're making their own home version, or
home version but eventually he's gonna go there but right now they're doing arcade mixes with
this Into the Groove thing which it sort it's like DDR it's more like um I don't know it's just
really weird looking that's all I gotta say it's really weird looking they're testing it right now
in a couple arcades there's one in Seattle I think it's a couple arcades now yeah there's one
They're doing one in Seattle and they're talking about doing one in Wisconsin. It's like one of the arcades.
Wisconsin.
Yeah, so they're doing those there.
They're doing those there.
They're actually doing those in Wisconsin.
But so far it's like, I don't know, I've listened to some of the music on there and it sucks. It sucks really bad.
I mean, Keel's good and all for, I guess, making music.
Yeah, I like a lot of his stuff.
I don't like any of the music that's in there so far.
You just think they picked the wrong ones to put in the game?
I don't know. They're just lame. They suck. It's just like playing that other game I was playing earlier.
Oh, we'll have to talk about that later, too.
But, um, God, no, it's not very good. They're like, this one guy posted this MP3 of the song Utopia that he loves, and I downloaded it and listened to it, and it's crap. I don't like it. I think it's retarded.
Well, now that's just your big, fat opinion.
Well, my big, fat opinion counts because, um...
You have a microphone.
I have, yeah, I have a microphone.
I have pretty good-tasting music.
There's a lot of music created by people, like custom music
that's made by people that doesn't sound like MIDI, OK?
This is what the stuff sounds like.
It's just MIDI stuff.
You can totally tell we're making this shit in Fruity
Loops because everyone's like, oh, Fruity Loops is so
awesome, so awesome it is.
And then you go listen to these Japanese artists who do
the independent music also.
And, you know, it doesn't sound like, for loops, it sounds like a well-polished track.
And this is the stuff that should be in there, but isn't.
But they're going to, you know, license music, they say,
which I don't think they're going to actually physically license music.
But anyways, the whole thing runs off of, off of Linux, because they don't want to, you know,
pay for Windows XP for every single machine.
So it's running off of Linux.
It's pretty much a reworked StepMania.
It's more or less StepMania and they have different arrows and new mods and shit and
mines and all the crap that StepMania has.
It's just, I don't know.
I watch people play.
Oh, and there's songs with 11 and 12 footer steps.
I think that is so unnecessary.
It's retarded.
I guess I shouldn't knock it until I've tried it, but I think the whole notion of songs
that were built to kill people is just unnecessary.
Honestly, Max Period was overdoing it.
Was overdoing it.
That end where it gets 600 beats per minute and stuff,
that was just, it gets gay.
Not to mention that the song was ass.
It's just, it was really, really stupid what they're
doing with it.
But you know, whatever.
If they say it's 50% done, it's not, you know, they can
always change that stuff later if people don't like it.
But the people they have testing it, if they're like,
ooh, I get the bar rape on this song, it's harder than
Legend of Max.
With all due respect to the folks up in Seattle, there are
the unreal players up there who can do this 11 and 12 stuff
no problem.
I worry that that's going to influence the
development of the mix.
And it's just like, OK, maybe one or two songs, yay, great.
But keep it to a minimum.
Me, personally, I enjoy those fun Seven Feet songs.
I liked some of the Max 2 USA steps.
I realize I'm in a minority.
But I kind of like the fun stuff more than I like the let's kill me steps, you know.
The whole point is, I mean, sure people like a challenge, but people like fun, intelligent steps too.
There's a lot of songs that have intelligent steps, like Superstar.
Superstar is a fun song to play, and it's not that hard.
It's just fun.
That's the whole point.
And people play them over and over.
I mean, once you play like a really hard song, the only reason you play is
to show off the friends and say, oh, look, I beat this song.
I mean, that's pretty much it.
It's not like you play it for your own benefit, but I don't know.
The whole idea about, you know, what the hell?
Just let Jamie play with a webcam.
She's having fun.
Okay, okay.
Anyway, it's the whole point of like people, you know, making these bootlegs and stuff.
It's just, I don't know, it's very interesting to me and how Konami,
See, because technical economics can't really do much about it, because they're not,
the machines aren't supposed to be over here in the first place, and they're kind of just,
you know, getting by licensing in various manners,
by like pretending they don't exist type of thing.
And so, kind of people have free reign on doing that.
The only people that can come down on them are people in the United States,
like the RIAA and stuff like that.
Now, I think where they're going to run the trouble is
because they're selling the machine, and that's the problem.
Now, my thing on it which I was posing to our local arcade here is that you just do one custom homemade upgrade for one arcade.
I think the damage done by that would be minimal and the risk on it isn't that bad.
that bad. The repercussions would be like nothing. So, I posed that idea to our arcade
manager and they're actually interested. So, I don't know. We'll see. But I know later
this week I'm going down to the arcade and we're going to rip open the machine to see
what we can do as far as feasibly, you know, upgrading it that way. And all I got to say
is if I do end up doing that, it's going to look nice and it'll be a lot better than all
this other shit.
And it's this, I've got word from, I heard this, this is
pretty big news.
Well, supposedly, I don't know.
They posted this about the next generation DDR, but it's
going to be coming out in like two or three years.
Oh my god.
What about this Euromix that they're getting that's going to
be on the new hardware, supposedly?
Well, that's Euromix.
But still, they get stuff.
Well, remember, if you remember correctly.
It'll be a preview of what we can expect.
We're supposed to do new hardware with DDR Extreme,
but they never did.
True.
True.
So.
Whatever.
I mean, for all this talk that DDR is dead in Japan,
I mean, then why was Extreme the number seven selling game?
It's debut week.
You know, in the top 10.
It's not dead.
Look at 2DX.
Yep, they're freaking, you know, begged for a new game.
That's a whole other story, though.
That's just Konami being dicks.
All right, you guys want to know who
won the cage match tonight? Tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge cage match is Holik.
No, it's... It is a tie, ladies and gentlemen. The tie tonight...
Stop tying people, God. I know, they always tie like every week.
We used to never have ties, and lately, in like past eight shows, we've had like six
ties. Anyway, the tie tonight is between two songs. It's between last week's winner, Little
Flower, and the second song that tied this week is Cool and the Gang with Get Down On
It, the 2001 mix. So, as you know, when we have a tie in the Orange Lounge Cage match,
The host, who did not win in the tie, would get to break that tie, and oh, that's me tonight.
My song only got one stinking vote, because your song sucks.
That being said, this is a no-brainer.
I vote for Jamie's.
Yay!
I know, let's pick another one.
Loki, you the man, but that song is the suck, so I pick Little Flowers, this week's cage
match winner for two weeks in a row so um enjoy i like the dog
i was gonna pick something really shitty but i could not find that damn track for the life
of me it was boys for love oh what boys for love and it was a song about being gay but
i couldn't find it and it was really funny it's just like it's a ddr song i have i can't
find it. I don't know where it went. Are you going to put it in your mix? I could, that
would be funny. If I find it, maybe. All right. So, I think I'll take a break. When we come
back, we'll do the FUs of the week. So send those over private message to Sky. Hi, I'm
in the chat room and if you have something to bitch about, we're going to get it out
in the open on this next break. In the meantime, we've done a tack break, we've done a taka
break. I think now, like it or not, I think it's time to do Naoki break. What do you guys
think?
Cry.
Don't cry. No, we're going to play some good Naoki stuff. So we will be right back after
this break.
Why did you have to go away?
Always thought you'd stay
And keep on going over, over you
Tell me was it really true romance
Or just fantasy
I can't believe what we've been through
You're hanging out with someone new
Still you're in my heart, baby in my heart
Always in my heart
You'll never leave my heart till, till you've been my heart
Feet down in my heart, fill me with ecstasy
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, baby, no, baby
Can't take you down to me
Was it just a fantasy?
What I've done for fear in reality
Oh baby, can't you just see
That I can't go on
Living without you
Still, still you're in my heart
Never leave my heart
Now it's forever more
Still, still you're in my heart
Always in my heart
When will I ever break free?
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter D, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hello everybody.
It's time to do the FUs of the Week.
Jamie, what are the FUs of the Week all about?
We get pissed off and tell everybody
My first F.U. of the week is a very important one
F.U. to Adultery
i'm not going to go into specifics about it because it involves a pretty good friend of mine
um...
but there's no
excuse for it
and i can't really
vouch for anyone who goes through with it who is
i'm not getting into details but just in general
i can't i can't stand it
next thing
Um, F.U. to people who go ten miles under the speed limit in front of you.
And then people who match your speed in the lane next to you so that you can't change lanes.
Um, you know what, I'm not really all that angsty, because I'm still looking forward to my vacation.
Mmm, casp.
FU to probably not having reliable internet access while I'm in Alabama, but I'll do what
I can.
And of course, FU for no remote way of me contributing to the show.
That's really about it.
I did, however, notice something.
Radio Shack logo looks remarkable like the battle royale logo. I think it's a government spot
With remote-control cars batteries and walkman
And cell phones a PCS for everybody, okay
E.t. Salio
All right, Loki you ready
I got the mic actually yes I am no fuck you with stupid bastards at Golfland not
necessarily people cuz you know people will be stupid and they'll flock no
matter yes I'm saying the bastards working behind the snack counter at
off land yesterday around 7pm. You suck because first off you have to go make a stupid comment
about my shirt. Yes I know what my shirt says and the fact that you comment about it does
not make you seem any more intelligent. I don't care if your friend is afraid of ninja
monkeys or ninja squirrels or any ninja rodent of whatever the case may be. I don't care
and I also don't care that you're out of the large cup size I want a soda give me a fucking soda
and just because you're stupid enough to drop the piece of pizza on the floor
and you give me the larger slice by calling this special piece of pizza I don't really care
and the fact that you tried to give me the piece of pizza attached to the giant uh cardboard circle
it was on there to begin with
I won it on a fucking plate
and you tried to get me on this giant piece of cardboard, what the hell am I supposed to do with that?
this guy was a complete idiot
not surprising, you were working at golf land
um, other than that
um
I don't like the cold, so fuck you mother nature
for making it cold
all of a sudden, it was like ninety degrees one day
And then it dropped down to 50.
You can't just drop the temperature 40 degrees
and expect anyone to not care.
I have a comment to make.
OK.
I checked what the weather is in Alabama right now.
And at nighttime, below is 66 degrees.
That's cool.
And fuck you to my bank, because I
was overdrawn on my account for like $5, and they charged me 60.
So, they suck.
Sue them.
I can't sue them.
All you have to do is get a credit card with your bank.
So, if you overdraft a post from your card and you're not charged any fines,
you can just put it on your card.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
See, I used to do that too.
I used to have a credit card.
That's a big mistake.
Because not only do they charge you the $30 for overdrafting,
they charge you a fee on your credit card too.
It's just a big scam.
So, I think the problem.
What bank do you bank with?
No, no wonder. Hell's Cargo.
So anyways, yeah, they suck. But, um, whatever.
So, I'm done.
Alright.
My FU this week is a real no-brainer for me, actually.
Usually I have to sit here and think about what I'm going to say FU of the week to, uh, for a long time.
for a long time, but this week it's easy because I got really pissed off
at Final Fantasy XI earlier this week. So my nephew used to play online, the Sony people,
because when you put in your credit card information, you can't put in a space bar.
Your name is not allowed to have spaces.
If you don't, I'm sorry, if you have a space in your name, you don't exist to
the Final Fantasy people.
So I had to call tech support and all that stuff and they don't take
They won't register you over the phone at tech support for whatever reason
I don't know why I'm sure if I bitch to wind enough
They probably would have but luckily the guy and I were able to make it work somehow
So I finally was able to get online the guy on the other end of the line at play online was actually very nice
It was very good text customer service and tech support
So it it helped ease my anger a little bit
But whoever thought that one up to disable the space bar?
Come on, why do you disable keys?
You never know when somebody might need to use it.
And for the record, I go by my middle name, actually.
So I use my first initial.
My bank has me in the system as my first initial space middle name.
So I'm something space Robert in the system.
So that's why.
Yeah, I know you know, but we can keep it a secret.
I promise.
So.
And it's a nice name for me.
So screw you, who ever decided to come up with that disabling the space bar?
We're out in hell.
And it took me, also FU to file fantasy 11 because it took me about 5 hours to install.
But once I got in there, oh fuck it's beautiful.
I'm wondering if I installed the data I have.
If it would work.
Either way, you're going to have to sit there and download the 2 hour patch.
I doubt it will work, but it's worth a try.
It's worth it.
You don't have to pay for anything.
Cause I know there's people who already have.
I think the beta people had to upgrade, I think.
Stupid.
Thank god for Ragnarok.
Alright.
End of the chatroom, FUs.
Bag4U says,
Hey Sky, send an FU to Konami for being anal about the 2DX release.
agree that was kind of stupid of Konami
23rd magus says if you to slow leveling in Ragnarok online f you to my DDR skills slipping
I can't pass Sakura anymore and a big f you to concert tickets being so overpriced
I'm sorry, but $30 a seat what you want to rate my wallet some more damn pay $30 is actually pretty cheap
I was pricing the tickets for Alan Jackson in there 45 apiece
you want to go see Elton John in Vegas prepare to pay a hundred dollars to the
cheap seats crazy god it's just not so much some tickets cost John Fields would
like to say F you to Microsoft your piece of shit software thinks my D drive
is corrupt now I have to rebuild my computer while trying to save as many
files as I can fuck you fuck you fuck you Microsoft and your XP OS fuck you to
of twisting my ankle today oh and fuck you to Microsoft again you know what so
when I install Final Fantasy 11 something similar happened to me where it was
trying to boot for my disk drive I am Brad thank God Brad was here because he
was able to fix it I wouldn't know what to do I would have broken down and cried
at the $50 I would have wasted on nothing all right let's see Joe mama
I would like to say my FU of the week is to the shitty PC controls for Final Fantasy 11.
I got used to the PC controls myself but I received a tip from Lanky Style who was a
beta tester for Final Fantasy 11.
He says use a kinky joy, it makes it a lot easier.
Get the Playstation controller hooked up to the computer and you'll enjoy Final Fantasy
11 a lot more.
I will try that in the future.
Snub Disrenoid says fuck the children that didn't come to my house and left me with about
five full pounds of Kit Kats, Twixes, and various other assorted candies.
You're complaining?
I'll take them.
Now I have to eat all of this crap or throw it out.
Thanks a lot you fucking overprotective parents.
You're saving your kids but killing my bowels.
Runs to bathroom to shit out chocolate.
So that's lovely.
Maybe I should have poisoned my candy to give those parents a real reason to keep their
kids at home.
Then you'd still be stuck with it and you'd just have to throw it away.
God, it's wasted chocolate.
I know.
You know what?
Take it to school.
Wompo164 would like to say, fuck you to the Hot Topic raver wannabe 14 year olds who spend
their entire weekend from Friday until Sunday at the malls arcade and causing me to not
single digit grade exotic ethnic going from 4 grades within 15 seconds left to 14.
T-underscore-T brought to you by me.
Minst went home from college for the weekend, that's the basis of my F.U.
F.U. to the local arcade, they now have a pump it up machine, it lags every time you hit an arrow and sometimes the song will just cut out.
They should have gotten the second DDR machine they said they were going to get.
Fuck you to it raining for 11 days straight over here.
Maybe they don't miss the difference between pump it up and DDR.
1. Zodiacknight would like to say I have no f**k you's because I love everyone equally.
Awww, hairball. Sorry.
2. Pixidust would like to say ok f**k this, I'm actually happy, I only have 3 f**k you's this week.
3. F**k Bacardi151 and being drunk to the point where I passed out when I got home.
Fuck dieting because I'm still the same damn weight and as always just because what if you wouldn't be complete without pixie dust saying
Fuck having big boobs. I can't do step aerobics properly with these things flapping like two puppies
Okay, I'm done and love you Rob. What?
Love you, too. You know what and notice how no love for Jamie or Loki. It's all me. Oh, sure. I'm the best
No, you know what? They make an exercise bra that's really good for big boob women.
I used it for a little while.
Boobs?
Yes, Loki? What are you doing, Loki?
I'm going to go to the next FU.
There's something for someone to comment on.
What?
Oh, what do you want to comment on?
BananaBoobs.com
about the dieting thing, don't diet, do a lifestyle adjustment.
That's, that's good.
Oh, and she says, she says in the public chat room, love you, Jamie.
Yay, we love you too.
What's the link you're going to post?
Some boob thing, some straight man thing.
this game rocks and this is for you pixie disc frontal assault the ultimate boob game
okay this game rocks okay it's just awesome DJ specter would like to say fuck you to max
300 i agree it's been a while since i've said fuck you to max 300 but god damn the maxes
suck get over it uh DJ specter would also like to say fuck you to my fucking asshole
a Spanish teacher that I have. You know my Spanish 2 teacher, my least favorite teacher
of all, no my second least favorite teacher of all time. You know what Rob? What? I never
took Spanish. I took French and Japanese at the same time. Como te llama? Fuego! El telefono
Luce libre!
Just like all the words in Spanish right there, Luce libre and last F U.
Telemundo.
Wampa164 would like to say, fuck Halloween for being a shitty holiday that's more of
an excuse for people to vandalize people's houses and property by teenagers.
Well, that's the best recipe.
The end.
Are they ever?
What the fuck is this?
I love Loki too, but don't tell Nellie.
As Loki brings up the world domination of the boob game that Jamie is watching, it's
this giant pair of tits that you kind of use your hand to kind of throw.
It's kind of like DDR in a way because these little things scroll down the screen and you
have to do the steps.
You have to do tricks with the boobs.
Like you either have to swing them one way, or you do like a
spiral, or you have to just bounce them up and down.
It's all very interesting.
I swear.
OK.
As Jamie is fascinated by the boob game.
This game is stupid.
I think what we'll do is we'll take another break.
Eh?
Eh?
OK.
And this break is going to be an LED break.
Somebody suggested to me.
I forgot who, but I'm sure they'll be happy to hear that.
We're going to do an LED break, because LED is awesome.
And we need to hear some more LED songs, so we're going to
play some right now for you guys.
So enjoy this break, and we'll be back.
And we're going to do a list list when we come back, yes?
Yes.
All right.
we'll do that
Don't you ever let me go Don't you ever let me go
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
You
I'm sick of all your pieces, mama
Well, I like your good, good, good, good
But I'm just in the sky
Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no
I'm just gonna go and find my way
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah
.
.
.
.
.
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge radio staff meeting.
Xtreme Bimani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what's funny is that promo predates DDRXtreme.
That promo was when, that was made right before the second show, because I was gone for the
second and third shows.
I was in Alabama.
I swear to God when you get back from Alabama before season 4 premieres we're going to sit
down and do new promos for season 4 and that's going to be our treat to everybody.
Well, I'm back the whole Wednesday with nothing going on.
Well, yeah.
We'll see what we can do.
Get together.
All right.
As promised, tonight we're going to do a list list, and earlier in the show we said we wanted
to do a game they should most make a movie out of, but we put our brains together and
we could swear that somewhere in the history of Warren Tontroy we have done the topic before.
I'm almost positive Castlevania came out on top when we did that list, because I remember
Somebody said Guardian Legend, because Guardian Legend comes up on every list, and something
like that.
So I'm almost positive that was done before, so we decided to shelve it, and instead we
thought we'd go the other way around and say movie they most need to make a game out of.
So we haven't done listless in a long, long time, so I'm going to explain how this works.
This is excluding ones that have already been done, by the way.
Yes, excluding ones that have already been done.
Or similar, because that lights a calf of mine.
Yeah, because, well, I kind of put one that they did have a game a long time ago, but
need a new one.
So, cheater.
Anyway, yeah I cheated.
Deal with it.
Basically, the way this works is that we're going to go
around the room.
And we're going to name our top fours.
There's only three of us, and I usually only do top three.
But since there's only three of us here tonight, we're going
to do our top four list.
And then we're going to have our big list, the definitive
list, and then we'll go around.
And the fun part is, we each take one off.
One that we feel is not deserving to be there.
It really shouldn't be there, so we're going to take one
off.
Then the chat room gets the ultimate say.
The chat room gets to vote on the definitive top three list.
Tonight's topic, movie they most need to make a game out of.
So here we go.
First up, we have, what do you want to start, Jamie?
Sure.
All right, Jamie, your number four pick for tonight.
The number four should be The Never Ending Story.
Make it an RPG.
Any reason why a never ending story?
just
because it would have a kick-ass theme song
yes, fight. Dear God I hope... I want the whole... I want a whole...
Ring then!
Okay then take that off the list
on PC, PC games don't count. Okay, take it off.
Do a labyrinth.
I know they had a labyrinth game on Converse 64, but that could be one of those really old
games that needs to be updated.
Okay. Alright, labyrinth.
Because then that means Rendered David Bullies.
Exactly.
Alright.
Okay.
Nobody played it.
It was on Commodore 64, nobody played it.
Yeah.
Um, anyways.
Loki.
Um.
My pick is going to be, um.
God, there's so many.
I'm gonna have to go with Showgirls.
Because, um.
You.
I can see it now.
You're struggling to get to the top of the world.
You know do whatever it takes. It's a story about survival. I
like that I did that sounds like you could be a
It would just be a really emotional kind of game with a really great back story. You don't know shit. You don't know shit
One of my very favorite movies of all time a pick close to my heart Loki. Thank you
All right
My number four pick is a game that it actually did have a game back in the 80s and they even
updated it somewhat recently, but all it was was a newer version of the 80s game, and it
sucks. I want them to just scrap it all and do a new one. The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
They did a game? They did a game, and it sucks ass, so they need a new one. What was this
on? It was on Apple IIe, and then they did an updated version of it not too long ago,
but it was just an updated version of it. It sucked. They need to totally just scrap
the concept and do a new one. I'm going to give them a do-over. And technically it's
It's a game based on the play.
It's a Rocky Horror Show game.
So they haven't done the game for the Rocky Horror Picture
Show.
So that's my loophole.
So it'll be just a couple of songs there.
My number four pick is the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
All right.
My number three.
Number three, Jamie.
Is Monty Python and the Holy Grail RPG.
Just think of the potential, especially with the
I did a Terry Gilliam doing all the artwork for it.
It'd be awesome.
It'd be awesome.
I'd love it.
And, of course, they need to insert the one-on-one
with the Black Knight.
The Ministry of Coconuts, you know, little snippet of it.
It could be a rhythm game.
Proper use of the coconut.
That could be a special controller.
You'd play as, what was his squire's name?
Patsy.
Yep.
And then you can eat the minstrels.
Message for yourself.
You can eat the minstrels.
And that was much rejoicing.
Yay.
Loki, your number three pick, a newer one that just came to my head right now.
Orgazmo, the video game.
What would be a first person shooter?
Now you're a man, man, man, man.
Oh my, I will let you borrow my tape.
I have a tape somewhere.
I have a tape.
Let the woman borrow it so she can see it.
Okay. Go ahead.
Oh, it's great.
All right, Orgazmo the game, good idea.
All right, my number three pick is probably a small movie you may not have heard of,
but those that have seen it know why this needs to be a video game.
Pink Flamingos, the game.
Pink Flamingos is a John Waters early movie.
It's one of the most disgusting films ever made, and it's about two people,
or I should say three people, because there's a couple, and Divine, of course,
in one of her best roles ever, they're in a competition
to be the filthiest person in the world.
And imagine if you could participate in that competition to be the filthiest person in the world.
And at the end, like the last stage, you can eat dog shit.
I just had an odd thought.
What?
They've made the creative machine that merges two people into one.
And so they take John Waters and John Hughes.
Imagine.
They just get hairspray.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Anyway, your number three pick, Jamie.
My number three pick.
I'm sorry, your number two pick.
My number two pick is Kill Bill.
Having to go through your enemies, and then all the fight scenes play like Bushido Blade.
God damn you, that was my number one.
Bitch.
You better not take my number one or I'll kick your ass.
Alright.
You know what my number one is.
I can guess.
Loki.
Oh, this one should be easy.
The Oral Adventures of Kravenmoorhead.
I can see this one playing out like Commander Keen or something like that.
It's a porno movie, folks!
But hey, it's got 17 videos already. With a franchise that large, it needs a game.
I mean...
Alright, fair enough.
My number two pick...
Right...
My number two pick is a movie you probably have never seen, but I'll explain it for you.
It's Trick, the game.
Trick is a nice little piece of gay cinema that's about two guys that just run into each other on the subway
that are trying desperately to find a place to fuck.
And I'm thinking this will make an exciting video game.
It could be like one of those stealth games.
Have you ever played Thief? That could be it.
It could be like, we've got to find a place to screw right now.
And there's a time limit and everything.
trick the game and who could even have a cameo from Tori Spelling just like the
movie did be beautiful so I trick the game is my number two pick my number one
yes you're number one now I was thinking of scanners but then again there was
Galerians where you have people thinking of people hard enough that makes her
heads explode they already did that and all kinds of others I figured in keeping
with because it's me right would have battle royale of course game and it
would work and make it like you have survival horror mode or you have
multiplayer mode and your friends if you've got xbox put it on xbox network
those bad boys you could have the whole classroom who would win think about it
excellent catch all right like your number one pick for gay or movie that
most needs to be a game no one except for maybe the people in the studio have
actually seen this movie since it's that awful but it needs a game and I will put
the picture up on the cam it is cheerleader ninja yeah cheerleader
ninjas I would love to see a game for this
awesome any other can you briefly explain what this movie is about for
those that may not have seen it it's about these cheerleaders who are being
blamed for smut on the internet and they have to fight these nuns and there's
this gay guy who's like the head no person of their group or whatever of the
nun group and he's just pissed off because because he never got he never
got into the cheerleading squad and it's just it's so horrible and the movie has
all the stunt doubles are blow-up dolls and it's just great it's a great great
Great, great B movie.
I'm not sure if this movie had a...
Jamie took my number one, so I'm having a stretch here, but I'm thinking the more I
think about it, this would be an awesome game.
It may have already had one.
I don't know though.
Did Starship Troopers have a game?
Yes.
Damn it.
It was a 3D first person shooter game.
Damn it, damn it, damn it.
I got one.
You can do contact the game.
No.
You play through the whole game and you find out the end boss is just her dad, and I don't
Fuck that. No contact the game. I don't want that to happen.
Geely the game. You struggle to keep your...
No. No Geely the game either. I need more ideas.
I think, I think, um...
I'm liking the idea of Jay and Silent Bob strike back the game.
I was gonna say that.
Or better yet, Clerks. Let's do Clerks.
Clerks the game.
That was on my list.
That was on my list.
We're gonna do Clerks the game.
I'm not even supposed to be in this game.
I'm not even supposed to play this today.
That could be the tagline, it could be beautiful.
Or it could be like a sports game, Clerks Rooftop Hockey.
Yes!
It's a collection of mini games.
But you can get the alternate ending.
Oh.
Where everyone dies.
Wasn't that what happened?
Well, he got shot.
Oh, he just got shot.
The original ending.
Alright.
So here we are.
This is the list we have so far.
Next up is the elimination round.
We have Labyrinth, Showgirls, Rocky Horror Picture Show, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Orgazmo, Pink Flamingos, Kill Bill, The Oral Adventures of Kraven Moorhead, Trick, Battle Royale, Cheerleader Ninjas, and Clerks.
Jamie, what has to come off this list?
I'm sorry, but I don't see how that could be made into a game.
Jamie!
You're killing me!
Unless it played like the Spice Girls game, which sucks.
You're killing me, Jamie.
It could be a dance game.
They would never be able to do it justice.
You're right, you're right.
They could never do it justice.
You're right.
Thank you.
I'm okay with that pick now, Jamie.
Okay.
Loki, your turn to take something off the list.
Here comes Loki, here comes Loki.
A glass of something, is that blood?
Yes, the blood of all fruit.
It's tropical punch blood.
Okay, anyways.
Loki, what's coming off the list?
Painful Mingos.
You bitch.
That's gone.
I like the idea of Trick as a survival horror game, but I thought it was like a stealth game, but as painful amigos, I can't do that.
Alright, you bastard.
You know what? I'm sorry, but The Oral Adventures of Craven Moorhead, it's way too obscure. I'm letting cheerleader ninjas slip by, for God's sake.
The cheerleader ninjas would own it.
The Oral Adventures of Craven Moorhead is just a little too out there. It's a little too out there, so I'm going to have to take that off.
that off okay so here's what's left you guys you get to read it I get to post it
first and that when I post it you guys can send your vote you're only gonna
vote for your favorite and we will somehow come up with the top three out
of this so if you wouldn't mind Jamie take it away labyrinth rock you our
picture show maybe tell us a little bit about each movie that you know I'll fill
in if you don't know labyrinth is David Bowie in tight spandex oh yeah and some
Sheik has to rescue her little brother.
Anyway, who was it that played her?
Jennifer Connelly.
Yeah, Jennifer Connelly.
Next up.
I hope, just sorry to interrupt, but I hope Zex and Shadda is listening
because there is nothing better in this world than Labyrinth for him.
Labyrinth is, okay, I picked up the Superbit edition.
I think he would come in, if he's listening, I know he's going to come
in the chat room for once just to vote for that.
Well, that'd be cleans up after himself.
Next up, Rocky Horror Picture Show, Tim Curry, Best Singing Voice Ever, The Tattoo, and The
Guy Grunting.
Anyway, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Polka Dots, Unladen Swallow.
What is your speed of all Stephen, Unladen Swallow?
Was it Africans Swallow or Europeans Swallow?
I don't know.
Anyway.
What was the guy's name who ran the sushi bar?
Sushi Fresh?
Or something?
G-Fresh.
It's all about G-Fresh.
Kill Bill.
Uma Thurman with a sword and being able to do wire work.
That was really impressive.
Kuriyama Chiaki as Go! Go! Yubari with her swinging ball of doom, and Sunny Chiba, speaking
very bad English. Your Japanese is good! Anyway, um, Chick, fuck if I know.
It's about two gay guys who are trying to find a place to screw.
I was making a mistake. Oh, okay. Oh, fuck if I know, I get it. Okay,
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Battle royale, dead children.
And beat Takeshi.
Children ninjas.
Blow up dolls.
Pretty much.
And clerks.
And girls who fart.
And nerds.
And nerds.
And clerks.
That's not supposed to be here today.
And rooftops, uh, hockey.
Those are your choices.
Send those votes now.
Oh, and Death By Cocksucking.
Yes, Death By Cocksucking.
And The Airplane Story.
All right, while those votes come in, we're going to take our last break of the night.
Any requests what we're going to do this break?
We want to do the anothers this break, right?
Okay, we're going to do the anothers.
So thank you, Zodiac Night, for saving my ass and sending this song to me.
Here it is.
Enjoy during this break while we tally the listless votes for a movie that you would most
like to see a video game made out of.
the definitive list coming back when we come back
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
This is fucked up!
Oh, this is bad.
Fucked up.
This is fucked up This is fucked up
I know the suspense is killing you but here it is the definitive list as decided by us
Loki, Clark, and Skye.
And a little help from the chat room.
www.calibilmani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
All right, here it is.
The top three movies you would like to see made into a game.
Number three, Kill Bill.
A lot of people, when they were voting, said, you know, I was going to vote for
Kill Bill, but I think they're going to make that into a game anyway.
You guys are probably right.
I would say on this entire list, Kill Bill is the one I think is most likely going to
be a game, if anything.
We'll see.
But Tarantino is such a big nerd that I could see it happening.
So, but Kill Bill is your number three pick.
But there were two films on this list you want to see even more than Kill Bill.
And number two is Clerks.
Clerks the Game.
Yep, so you guys want to just be lazy in your video games as well as your real life, I guess.
Because there wouldn't be a lot to do in Clerks the Game.
The animated series would be fun, I think. So, there it is, Clerks the Game.
And your number one pick, I think this is pretty much a no-brainer, you guys, Battle Royale the Game.
Best, I mean this could be a Doom killer right here. Fuck Quake, Fuck Doom, Battle Royale would be where it's at.
I don't know, so they should make a Quake mod.
I talked to someone who was actually trying to do an encounter strike, but of course it wasn't really going to work.
So there you go, the list has decided by you and us.
There's no disputing it.
That is it.
That's the list of movies that most need to be a game.
OK, so now that we're back, we haven't even really
referenced this yet in the show, but Loki would like to
share with you this new game he downloaded this week.
And Loki, you want to tell us a little more about this?
First off, the chair is being attacked by the microphone
again
maybe that should be a movie or a game
attack of the killer microphone cord
you ok there?
you need some help?
you gonna make it?
you're just in the middle of traffic i think is what happens to it
i was the one sitting in it and i didn't do anything she was spinning around and around and around
Okay.
You're okay, Loki. You gonna make it? You gonna be okay? Alright, he's ready. He's ready to tell you all about the game.
I thought I was on camera.
I am safe. Okay.
Um, this game is...
This company's answer to DDR. Yes, this game will take the world by storm and you will never know what DDR is. You'll just go, oh my god, this game rocks.
At least that's what they would like to think.
This game is called Tap-A-Jam.
Tap-A-Jam.
And Tap-A-Jam is, well, it's interesting.
Tap-A-Jam loading.
And what wonderful songs can you expect in Tap-A-Jam?
Well, let's see.
It's all public domain music.
So we have wonderful songs like Cannon and E.
Fight of the Bumblebee
Wow, these are top quality songs, you guys.
Moonlight Sonata
Blue Denimy
Danube
Simon Says Disco Fingers
Who knows what that is?
And more shit
Oh, and Chopsticks
Yes, Chopsticks
And you can see Loki and I are so mature when we play at our high score table.
Asses in first place and cunts in second place.
Because we're so mature.
Okay, so now we're going to show the game here.
We'll get Jamie's reaction.
And I'll describe it for our listeners.
Basically, I changed the controls, sorry guys.
Ah! Basically you have this up, down, left, right arrow, but it's on the left side of the screen.
So we've had, you know, we've had DDRs at the top, Beat Manias at the bottom.
Well, now we have a game where it's on the left side of the screen.
And so you have the up, left, right, and down arrows.
It's left, Loki. That one's left.
Ah, okay.
And then right and down.
And as the notes scroll over to the left, you have to hit them when they come in this column, is the way this works.
Okay, what happened to my mouse? There it goes.
Okie dokie.
And what website can they download this from, Loki?
It's at like...
That you really want to?
It's like a game house, is what it's at. Just do a search for tapa jam.
It's like, oh my god, beatbox bonus feature. I didn't see this before.
Oh, a beatbox bonus feature, huh?
Oh, it's, it's... just go, go to the game.
It's like a music generator, it's gay.
Alright.
So he's gonna play this, so...
And it even has a little wavelength in the bottom of the screen, so it's like instead of pretty videos, you get waves like Winamp.
listen to loki make that sweet music
aren't you happy? doesn't this game make you just
go mini! go in that base, yeah!
do do do do do do do do
i feel like breaking down, come on
Give me your thoughts.
Actually, combo, oh my god!
Okay, okay. Perfect.
I think this is an interesting way to get around having to license any song.
They just put in a bunch of classical songs.
That's a pretty smart idea. Hey, we like our classical songs, don't we?
But, um, I think we like our classical songs better when the renditions don't suck ass.
When they're played by an orchestra and not some $2 Casio keyboard from Walmart.
Ah!
So if you've ever wanted to play BeatMania in the comfort of your own home, go buy a BeatMania machine.
Do not settle for this shit.
This is, I think, sort of as a guitar freak show.
Oh, Loki failed Chopsticks!
It's because I'm running the camera software.
It's like, the notes are all, like, one size fails and jump.
If you thought night style had bad lag, try playing tap and jam with the camera.
Ugh.
But anyways, yeah, this game sucks.
But isn't this interesting?
Here, this ties into what we were talking about last week.
We were talking about, you know,
this into the groove thing is going to get its pants suit off of it because it's copying Konami.
Well, shit! This is a blatant rip-off of BeatMania if I've ever seen one.
I mean, they've differed it enough, but it's still, it's shit! It's not even a good rip-off.
This sounds like shit. Stop broadcasting this shit on the radio.
We have little enough listeners as it is.
And, oh, I only get seven more sessions.
They only limit me to ten.
I think I'm going to go be violently ill.
Oh, it's at gamehouse.com.
That's where you can find it at.
And what other games do they have?
They have Collapse.
Somebody posted a link in our chat room.
A tiger posted that for you guys.
Yeah, lame.
Well.
This is what happens when people start making.
This is what, if they have problems licensing music, and if we're into the groove, this is what it's going to be like.
Yeah, we're going to have MIDI sounding classical pieces, and we'll get to dance to Chopsticks and the Beganoob.
I'd like to play the one song real quick that I...
This is Utopia, this is one of the songs that's going to be into the groove.
Sure, go for it.
And I didn't really like it that much, but you know...
Alright, we'll let our listeners judge for themselves.
This is by Kaa, which is Gil's new name if I'm not mistaken.
Smiley is the name that I think he's under for this one, you know, he's doing the Naoki thing.
How cute.
And, um, well here it is.
Alright, judge for yourself, here's Utopia from Into the Groove.
I always think of the Madonna song.
Okay, come on.
I can't get away from being Madonna.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go, let's go!
Let's go, let's go Let's go, let's go
That was Utopia by Kaa, Smiley, Keel, whatever the name is.
It's a song that's going to be an Into the Groove.
You guys' thoughts?
Loki, I know you already said you didn't like it, so I thought we'd see Jamie's thoughts.
Jamie's curled up in a little ball going to sleep, so you don't think you'd want
to dance to that one, Jamie?
No, not much.
I think, I think, Loki, I think you guys are being a little hard on it.
I think it's a good song.
The problem is, it's a good song, but it's badly produced.
And I'm not blaming the author for this, because I think he's very talented and he's writing
good music.
I think he's just probably very limited in what he's able to write, because he probably
only has so much equipment, but I think with an actual recording studio, if this guy worked
for Konami, I think the song would be sweet.
I think it would have the better sampling.
I think you were exactly right when you said it sounds like a MIDI.
I think the sampling he's using is not good.
It's kind of a poor choice.
The piano sounds a little too MIDI-ish to me.
I think if he had the right equipment, it would be a kick-ass song.
I think it would be better produced, basically, is what it is.
I think it's a good song, badly produced.
I just don't think that it's a dancing game.
It just doesn't seem like something I would enjoy playing.
It's a good song.
I just don't think I'd enjoy playing it.
I almost see it more as like a 2DX song, in a way.
I think if it were more...
It's funny you should mention that, because it's like a 12-footer in this damn game, so
the steps are like 2DX.
You know what?
And see, that's just going to ruin the song even more, to throw it away on these 12-footers
and stuff.
I mean, that's just...
It's stupid.
There's no need for it.
Come on.
You're going to have...
Why don't you have a couple 11-footers to kill people, you know, but stick to Fun Steps.
That song could have some fun steps.
I think that song could have some really fun steps.
What they're saying is like they have like a maniac level or whatever and already 10
of the songs have like 11 and 12 player steps.
I think the problem is people are trying to think,
people think that the way they can squeeze more life out of DDR is to make it harder.
And it's just kind of like, you know what, the human body is going to reach a point.
And there's a point where it's just not going to be fun for the rest of us anymore.
You're making the game to satisfy the 1% of people who could pass max period on the first try.
I'm sorry, but in my eyes, Max Period is no fun at all.
It's a bad DDR song because it's no fun at all.
Speeding a song up to 600 beats per minute at the end, that's stupid.
It's inhuman and doable.
It's too bad.
And the song sucks.
That's a big factor.
It's a big factor, you know.
If they're going to do hard ones this long, at least these would be good.
Okay. Well, any other, any other thoughts on this?
Any other thoughts on Into the Groove, Tap a Jam,
any other DDR knockoffs we need to address while we're here?
I'm just thinking that we can do it way better.
And like I said, I'm going to take my attempt at it.
So we'll work on it.
As I said last week, I'm going to try pushing that and seeing
if an arcade will take my idea.
I'm just saying, you could do it a lot better than what
you're doing right now.
Whatever, but that's fine.
I mean, I understand that they have their limitations with
going the legal route, but a lot of people don't care about
the legal route.
That's why the DVR machines are here.
So, that's the way you've got to look at it.
Joe Womma wanted to make a point, kind of defending max period a little bit, I guess,
or whatever, playing devil's advocate.
How many people play max 300 on two speed, he says, because that's just
as bad as 600 beats per minute.
Honestly, I've seen one or two.
I've not seen that many people that brave it on two speed.
I mean, some people do it for the challenge, but I don't really see it
as something practical.
Most people that do it on two-speed honestly
haven't memorized it.
They've played it so goddamn hard.
Here's the thing is, people don't like BPM-doubled songs,
songs that the steps are going quite well.
Yeah, because honestly, Max 300 is only supposed to be 150
beats per minute.
Yeah, I mean, we understand that.
And same with Dropout.
Dropout's the same way.
And I understand they go with the bass line on it.
And they do the bass line goes in eighth notes or whatever
for max period, not one point.
And that's why it goes 600.
But the only reason, the steps for max.period aren't that
hard, it's just so hard to read.
It's just stupid.
And the steps in the beginning are stupid too, because it's
just jumping.
It's tons of jumping.
No one likes that, it's just retarded.
That's true, a lot of step files in Turnamix 4 got reamed
for that, right?
Too many weird jokes and stuff.
If that were a step file in Turnamix 4, they would be
bitching, it wouldn't have even made it into the final.
They would just be laughed off as first off being a horrible
Max remix, and then two, they would have been like, oh, well
this is the step file for this is stupid, why did you double
the BPM at the very end?
That's retarded.
They would have laughed at that thing.
I don't even know why they did that.
I don't really think they know what they're doing as far as
step files go.
I don't think they know what they're doing.
I don't think they know what their customers want.
And so, they're looking at symphyls, unfortunately looking at really shitty ones,
and they're like, well, people like this.
So, this is what they're doing.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Okay. I guess at this point now, we'll open it up for final thoughts
of the evening, because that's about it.
Actually, I did want to say, though, Jamie, have a safe trip, fly safe, have fun in Alabama,
have twice as much fun for me, three times as much, so Loki's covered, too,
because California's going to suck.
I know, it'll suck until I get back.
No, I'll have a good time, you know, I'm going to see my family.
Hope they don't drive me completely insane by the time I get back.
But, and I'm going to have, I'm going to have my child with me.
So, flying sort of parallel flights, so we're going to have lots of hanging out time.
So it's a girls trip out to Alabama, that should be fun.
All right, final thoughts of the evening.
No, I was just thinking.
Oh, I was just thinking kind of a question opposed to a chat room.
Sure. If you were to like say go to your normal arcade, you've got like, you know,
your DVR extreme has been there forever and say it was upgraded with something that was homemade
but not necessarily like, you know, into the group or its own things.
Like say someone puts StepMania on there and put like a bunch of like, you know,
of the old tracks and some of the new tracks, would you be
that against it if it was a pretty decent
collection of songs?
Are you going to be all pissed off that it's just its own
independent software and not an official Konami thing?
Or are you just going to be like, hey, this is cool?
Because that's what I'm getting at.
I'm just trying to see if people would be so pissed off
at having a well put together set of songs, but not
official, because this is into the groove stuff.
If it was a well put together set of songs, it might be all right, but I don't know.
Just a little question to throw on there and, you know, discuss.
All right, well, let's go on and get final thoughts and we'll see
if there's any answers to that when we get back.
Somebody wanted to share their final thought with us, somebody who's going
by the nickname of Skywhore, thank you, thanks, that's great, says their final thought is
that 2DX has met its match with TapaJam.
Have another bud, buddy!
A. You're my whore, for Christ's sake.
B. No, 2DX has met its match with the, um, I would love to see a mix of songs, like, to do, like, just kind of like an independent thing.
Have the artist from 2DX and have, like, some of the homebrew artists.
He has some of the home brew artists fight against each other like, you know,
like kind of a DJ battle type thing.
Because there's a lot of home brew artists out there that make really kickass songs
and animations that go with them, so.
All right.
Well, I'm looking to see in the chat room if there's any response
to your hypothetical question to them.
And there is not.
Nobody cares.
So I guess it's time to end the show.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I better get working on my show this week, so I don't have to do it the same day as I usually do.
Tune in what day?
Wednesday.
What time?
It'll be at seven.
Sounds good. Jamie, your final thought?
I have to get up at four in the fucking morning.
Oh, I'm sorry, final thought.
thought don't forget my shows gonna be on Monday and Tuesday I'm gonna be on a
plane so just hope that I don't die or something and that's it
my final thought is I have nothing more to say that's it Jamie you're gonna have
the word tonight because I know you enjoy always getting the word and
You're going to be gone for a couple of weeks, so here you go.
We go.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sabra, Sky, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Well, I object to all this sex on the television.
I mean, I keep falling off.
Thanks for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio, the afterbirth, the part after the credits have crawled across the screen and everything you think has come to an end, but it's still going.
Loki, you did finally get some feedback to your hypothetical situation you posed.
Okay.
I think, Zodiac Knight says, I think the potential for any DDR homebrew lies in the song selection.
Okay. Sounds good.
zodiac night also says i would take a look at it at least
give it a try
the thing i'm concerned about is i want to do this and i think we might have the
potential to actually put it in the arcade
but i'm thinking people
are going to go and see it and they're going to get
go like on ddr free and go
oh my god i saw this in the arcade and people were getting pissed off
and now i'm just going to be bitchy about that
it's kinda ironic that the people that like the game so much would actually
ruin it for themselves
But interesting thought.
Pixie Dust says, I suck at DDR, but I'd still try it.
OK.
Because, like I said.
So I think everybody's kind of like, OK, I'll try it.
I'll try it once.
I'll try it once, twice if I like it.
Three times to be sure, exactly.
OK.
Well, if they had good music, then I
suppose it would take off and work.
So that's what I'll have to work on.
I'll have to work on it.
You should use my evil edits.
No Stylin says, no Stylin says he's going to miss you, Jamie.
And he's going to miss, pump up the volume as well.
Well, it'll still be playing.
You'll get to hear some of the old ones.
And, you know, maybe, maybe the Tuesday night I get back, if I'm not like dead to the world,
I'll toss on some Eurobeat for you.
I have a couple things I was going to be planning.
Livewire for the 19th of November.
I'm going to have to do something special for that, some Bomani related thing.
And then, what was it, also I think, I don't know,
might try to do something special for New Year's.
I don't know, depending on what I'm doing.
We should do something on New Year's.
What day is New Year's?
I do something every New Year's though.
Yeah, I'm thinking if anything runs on New Year's,
it's going to be taped because I don't want to be here.
We always do an anime marathon and get really drunk.
Yeah, I'm thinking I want to go out and get wasted because I didn't get to do it for Halloween,
so I'm going to be doing it for New Year's.
You can come get wasted with me, Loki.
Come on.
Drunk Rob is awesome, isn't it?
Drunk Rob is funny, Mr. Piata.
I got called by somebody drunk last night three times.
I won't embarrass them on the air by saying who it is, but it was really funny.
It was great.
And he called today to apologize.
I'm like you don't have to apologize you're funny this is cool so it's funny
drunk people are hilarious you know what what I I you've seen me get drunk but I
don't think I'm funny when I'm drunk because it doesn't last
ah you've been funny when you're drunk oh just I've seen you I've seen you be
funny when you're drunk I go around giving other people drinks because I
I want them to be as junk as me.
People are calling on the phone, not realizing we're trying to do a show in this house.
Who's the goober that called?
Yeah, I can have him call you.
Who was the goober that called?
That was Matt, so you can yell at him.
are you still doing that? Yeah, we are. It's only been 67 weeks now, I think. Yeah, we're
still doing it. Oh my God, you guys, we've been doing this for 67 weeks. We have technically
been doing it for 69 weeks because we've had our two. True, we had two tape shows. Technically,
technically, technically, this is the 69th show. So you are here after all. But the way
We've been counting 69 is coming up in a couple of those are half episodes. Yeah
This is it's so weird you guys I can I don't I can remember back to the first episode
Well, I already said when we hit a hundred I'm quitting
We're gonna keep going all right, we'll keep going we're gonna be geriatric and
PC just wants to take me to LA for New Year's. I'm down with that. I
I want to go, I want to go, I want to go far away for New Year's.
I want to travel.
I want to have money and travel.
That's what I'm going to do.
Yeah, but I want a cookie, but I can't have that.
All right, your post-show tonight is going to be a recycled preshow,
one of Jamie's old preshows, and it's one I like.
So I've decided that that's going to be tonight's post-show.
Oh, and which one, pray tell?
It is the one with all the Svensson and Gielin mixes.
Oh, that one was fun.
Yes, it was.
So, um, oh wait, now I'm curious, now before I get into the post-show, somebody says, Joe Mama says,
The first episodes were fun. Did we jump the shark or something? What's wrong with the recent episodes?
I think there's, like, like a fine wine we've improved with age.
I don't know, I've been noticing that.
Or, like, a mold gotten bigger.
I've been less bitter lately.
And it's like I get to Sunday and I'm already like relaxed like I'll be angry all throughout the week
And I just kind of calm down on the weekend
It's not because I'm getting laid more anything. It's just because I
Don't know. It's just calming. I'm the only one not getting laid. I should be the bitter one
But even when I wasn't I was I mean even when I was I was still getting I was still bitter
It's just like I think I don't go out enough and get like people
pissing me off enough or it's the same people pissing me off so it's like yeah
been there so has orange lounge radio jumped the shark yet you think or you
think we still got a ways to go I'm very scared to think of 23 makers with a man
slut well now oh I see Joe mama is thinking back to those days when only
like six people frequented our chat room during the shows and now we have and we
We just didn't give a fuck, and guess what, we still don't give a fuck.
Yeah, I mean the number of people has never been that important to us.
I mean, because obviously if we were numbers, we don't get that many people in retrospect to listen to the show.
But in internet radio terms, quite a few actually.
Quite a few for an internet radio show, which is...
We are loved.
And we have all you guys to thank.
it's getting bigger every week I see new faces coming in the chat room it's
awesome it's awesome and we love you guys I'm sorry that you haven't gotten
laid that's pixie dust I know I'm sorry that you haven't gotten laid you come
over pixie dust I show you good time I'll show your boobs some loving people
You don't need to get laid to be happy.
Some people are perfectly happy being asexual.
But, but, but getting laid definitely like takes the little like hyper dog out of you,
you know, it's just like mellow.
And to be honest, I can think of a few people that could use a little mellowy.
Sorry. You know what, I'm sorry, but getting laid just does one thing for me.
It makes me want ice cream.
That's it.
Just remember.
Yes, could I order vanilla cream with an orgasm mix in?
No, come back here and make your comment on the air.
That was great.
That was brilliant.
Just remember, without sex, Ben and Jerry's wouldn't be doing so well.
Orange cream, anyone?
What else am I thinking of here?
Vanilla chunk.
I don't know, it had something to do with the show, but I guess it wasn't that bad.
Oh, I know what it is. I know what it is. It actually has nothing to do with the show. It has to do with getting laid, which is even better than the show.
It has to do with the show.
You know what? For some people, some people don't need to get laid. Some people just want to cuddle.
Aww.
There was a funny line in, um, what was it, in, um,
Boondock Saints, where they're talking about cuddling,
because the one, uh, cop who's the perfect investigator,
and he's, he's a gay guy, but he acts like a straight guy.
It's kind of weird, it's like this guy's trying to cuddle with him,
he's like, what the fuck you want? You want to cuddle?
He's like, man, you're so gay, and he, like, gets up and walks away.
That was funny.
Alright, let's get it, alright.
The bear's been getting it on!
Alright, um, that's it. We're gonna go into Poshaw now.
It's, uh, Benjamin Guillen music, started off with a little bit of Ayumi Hamasaki, huh?
Would depend on you, I can't wait to mute these microphones.
Say goodbye to the, say goodbye to the ferrets, Jamie.
They're coming with me! You can't take them back, you'll never see!
Oh wait
Oh
Oh
I'm gonna take some time to lose my way
From the dark to the light to the sun and light
Put your hands in the air
Put your hand in my hand.
Put your hand in my hand.
my head
Let me show you the way
and you will understand
Let me show you the way
with your hands in my hand
Let me show you the way
and you will understand
Oh, shove you away
Oh, shove you away
Down the trees, down the alley, down the trees, any way
I'm gonna die to the light of the ocean in the dark
I'm gonna die to the pain of the future in the rain
I'm gonna die to the light of the ocean in the dark
You're running right
You're running right in my head
Let me show you
What you have in my head
Let me show you
The way that you will never die
Show you the way
Show you the way, show you the way
I'm taking you
I'm taking you
I'm taking you
Put your hand in my hand
Show you the way
And you will understand
You don't like it when you see a better day than the things that I wear
You
