The PlayStation Vita preps many games for launch, and Sony adds a controversial new
section to the PSN terms of service.
Hello and welcome to episode 429 of this derpisode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I am your hostess of the evening, DarkSakura, and with me always is our techmaster, Loki.
Hello.
Yes, this is take two because someone was forgetting to start recording.
Because someone's very jealous that Rob's off seeing Ladytron tonight in San Francisco.
Blah.
So anyway, what are we?
We are the video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
Be it digitized, or if we're saying it for you, or whatever.
So over the next few hours we will be talking about game stuff, and we tape live every week
on allgamesradio.com.
And that starts at six o'clock pacific time, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you're listening to us live, get in our chat room.
It's chat dot Orange Lounge Radio dot com, and we are on Game Surge server.
So Loki, again, how was Earth Defense Force?
It was good.
That's what I've been playing this week among other things like Grand Theft Auto.
Of course, as I was saying, the survival mode in that game, it's difficult because they
basically give you the lowest tier weapons possible, and then they put you up against
lots and lots of really hard bugs.
And thankfully you do get up to six players, which is kind of cool, although we didn't
get to play very long because our internet connection at work is kind of sketchy.
It drops us every now and then, or more often than every now and then, pretty often actually.
And then, you know, Grand Theft Auto.
That was the usual Grand Theft Auto stuff.
Still trying to keep my winning streak going.
And what else did I try?
Well actually, it wasn't really game-related, but I did mess around with the Xbox Marketplace
a little bit.
I watched my wife on the Watch An Episode of Up All Night, and so we watched that real
quick and it actually worked out pretty good.
I never really used the Zune Marketplace before, so that was kind of neat.
And then also got to check out, well, I browsed and buy some of the Xbox Live and E Games,
and man, there's some weird shit on there.
I don't even know.
There was a game I saw that was about prank calling people.
There was the Babymaker Extreme 2, I know, and we've talked about that before.
Looks hilarious.
I didn't pick it up though, but just a lot of stuff that's on there that's not great,
but it is kind of hard to navigate everything, so hopefully they fix that and maybe with
one of these updates, maybe the next fall dashboard update will fix the store a little
bit so it's easier to find stuff.
I think that's really all that I've played.
Maybe a little bit more Zelda.
I don't remember if I actually played that or not this week, but yeah, that's about it.
I played well.
That's it.
Well, you're consistent.
So moving forward, as has been mentioned, Rob isn't here, so we're doing a short show
tonight, but everyone needs to be a little pumped for what's coming on a little after.
I'm doing a throwback to the past so that people don't feel like we're shortchanging
them because we love you, not in a romantic way or anything, but in a way.
We do.
So why don't we go ahead and get right into our stories of the night.
All right.
Well, it's been kind of the longest anticipated announcement, at least this year.
People are starting to get worried that Star Wars The Old Republic wasn't going to be coming
out this year, and maybe it prompted them to announce a release date for this year based
on the fact that certain other games may be coming out a little later.
But yes, The Old Republic will be shipping on December 20th, and of course they do have
some details on what it's going to cost you.
They have different subscription packages.
You can go month to month, which is $14.99.
Of course, each game does come with a 30-day subscription that runs out, and after 30 days
you have to pay for it.
If you choose to pay for some of your months in a lump sum, you will save a little bit
of money.
Three months at a time will break it down to $13.99 a month, and then six months at
a time, $12.99 a month.
So if you're dedicated to playing this game for a long time, maybe the lump sums are the
way to go.
You know what?
What?
I had the opportunity to get a lifetime membership for Star Trek Online, and now I'm very glad
I didn't because it's going free to play.
So, I would advise everyone, hold off.
Well, lifetime memberships, yeah, you might hold off on that because you never know the
life cycle of these games nowadays that a lot of them grow up free to play, but six
months isn't bad.
I imagine that Star Wars games are going to be around for at least six months.
Yeah, well, who knows?
I mean, I quit playing, well no, that was February of, no I started playing in February,
I quit actually a year ago.
Star Trek Online.
This month.
No.
Nope, in two months, sorry.
Anyway, but yeah, I'd say though, six months is fine, but if they offer any type of lifetime
thing, don't do it.
Don't do it.
Not even if they give you a lightsaber that works.
Well, maybe that's worth it.
Well, in other news, we have something about Sega of Europe.
John Smedley is saying that they're a free to play model for DC.
Sony.
Sony.
Sony Entertainment.
I don't know why I said Sony.
You know what?
I'm derp.
I'm still mad at Rob.
I'm still mad at Rob.
I'm not really mad at Rob.
Okay.
Sony Online Entertainment has a free to play model for DC Universe Online.
So it's going to be three membership levels.
There's free, premium, and legendary.
And they have full access to the game that has different levels of flexibility.
So free players will have two character slots and new downloadable game packs and updates.
Additional character slots, you can pay for them.
I refuse to use the term micro transaction.
Premium, so that's going to be people who have spent at least $5 on the game.
That's including former subscribers and in game item purchasers will have additional
character slots, inventory slots, and higher cash limits.
Legendary will have the maximum, including free DLC.
More than 15 character slots and more than 80 inventory slots for $15 a month.
And this is happening really soon, as in next week.
Yeah.
So that means I can play the game.
Yeah, because it's funny.
Because I ain't going to pay for it.
We got the message there.
Yeah, you need to tell all your customers to send them back their copies of DC Universe
because we're making it free to play, so they don't need those discs anymore.
Well, I will be trying it out, but honestly I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
Yeah, I think a lot of these MMOs should go free to play.
I'm telling you, if Final Fantasy XI ever goes free to play, god I don't know.
I may have to get back into that.
And Nelly will wonder what happened to you.
Well no, it's not that big a deal because really the whole thing is I couldn't see myself
paying I think it was $13 a month or something like that for Final Fantasy XI, but I was
only playing it maybe one evening a month.
I can't see myself paying for that because it's just a waste of money.
But free to play, that would be fine.
I really wish I hadn't sold my, you know, or not really sell my stuff, but give away
my stuff that I had in my bar.
But whatever.
Yeah.
That would be fun.
Some more information going along the lines with, it's not really an MMO, but maybe the
reason why the older republic did announce to be shipping this year, Diablo 3 is actually
going to launch early 2012.
It's not going to make it out this year unfortunately.
They did mention that they're going to extend the beta period of course since obviously
the game's going to be coming out later on, they have more time to test it and hopefully
get any kinks out of it.
Of course they're saying, you know, while the news may not be a complete surprise, I
know many of you were hopeful that Diablo 3 would ship this year.
We were too.
Of course, they're ultimately, we felt to deliver an awesome Diablo sequel that lives
up to our expectations and yours as well, we should take a little more time to add further
polish to a few different elements of the game.
So in other words, it was buggy and they needed to fix it.
So that's fine.
Well what else is new?
There's too much stuff coming out this year anyways.
Yeah, I just, they actually were starting to put out little warnings on World of Warcraft
by the way, that if someone messages you saying, oh you've got the Diablo 3 pass here, give
us your password, blah blah blah.
If you give anyone your password, you're stupid, sorry.
I don't even think that people sending out ones for Diablo 3 should be enough to make
people lose control of their facilities.
Should people like to-
Their faculties.
That'd be funny.
I said facilities.
Whatever.
Their brain.
Whatever.
Well anyway, so let's move forward into other news, shall we?
We shall.
Speaking of Blizzard, they are talking about patch 4.3, which everyone has been all abuzz
about in-game.
You know, we get transmogrifying.
That means you can make your new shit look like old shit.
So that people don't all look the same.
And then there's gonna be, and I was reading up on this the other day, and it's actually
kind of exciting, is that there is a new raid content that's gonna take place all over the
world of Azeroth.
I thought for a second there, and I know this is wrong, that you said rape content, and
I was like, what?
That's weird.
Well you know what, actually in the Firelands, there's a, the first boss has a dog with him
named Rageface, but everyone calls him Rapeface.
His attack is called Face Rage, so we just call it Face Rape.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Anyway, Deathwing's just not sitting around, you know, because before all he had, you know,
all he was doing was showing up in areas and burning people to death if they were on the
ground and not in the air.
Trust me, I took forever to get that stupid achievement.
So he's going to be a raid, you actually have to go into the future, go into the past, and
the whole thing is gonna end on the dragon's back, so you have to pull off pieces of his
plate armor as he's spinning down into the Maelstrom, ooh, and then, you know, get all
stabby on him and maybe try to kill him, or at least, you know, make him really pissed
off at you.
It's supposed to be really, really huge, and I was reading some of the technical development
behind it and said that they've had to really pull some technical strings to get it to work.
I'm looking forward to seeing it, although honestly right now it's gonna be forever.
And then like I said earlier, there is transmogrifying, so basically you can only change, like, one
type of armor to look like the same type of armor of another level.
So like, you can't change cloth mail to plate mail, you know, make it look like plate mail,
and you can't make your axe look like a polearm.
It has to be the same type of stuff, and it's gotta be something with stats on it.
And then void storage is coming out, which is basically if you've got a bunch of stuff
that you were tired of sitting in your regular storage, and you think, I'm never gonna get
back to it, but for some reason I'm a pack rat and can't sell it, ew, then you can put
it in your void storage and it removes all enchants and socketing, and you have to pay
a lot of money to get it out.
So that's it.
And then of course, like I said, the Deathwing smackdown.
This is kind of interesting, there was a story on Rock Paper Shocking this week, talking
about, you know how there's a lot of these folding projects, the Folding at Home is a
really popular one, well there was one, I guess it was a little bit newer, called Foldit,
and what Foldit is, is it's not just folding with your actual system or PC or whatever
that you're using, it does require some human interaction as well, so think of it like mind
folding, I guess.
Basically they were using this to kind of figure out how viruses like the AIDS virus
worked and stuff like that, also cancer and Alzheimer's as well, and guess these are related
to proteins and what the project does is I guess, basically it's spatial recognition
or something, where players will, I'm not really sure what you do, but apparently it
has something to do with matching stuff and based on your results and what they have in
here, they have I guess figured out how these actually work now, so it's kind of cool, because
apparently this is going to lead to obviously research and testing and whatnot, but it will
actually lead to maybe even a cure for these diseases, thanks to this folding project,
and it's pretty impressive I guess.
So yeah, they're saying Foldit players leverage human three-dimensional problem solving skills
to interact with protein structures using direct manipulation tools and algorithms from
the Rosetta structure prediction mythology, and says players collaborate with teammates
while competing with other players to obtain the highest score, lowest energy models, and
proof of concept tests.
Foldit players, most of whom have little or no background in biochemistry, were able to
solve protein structure refinement problems in which backbone rearrangement was necessary
to correctly bury hydrophobic residues.
Here we report Foldit players' successes in real world modeling problems with complex
deviations from native structures leading to the solution of a long-standing protein
crystal structure problem, and they said basically, yeah this is going to possibly lead to a cure
for this stuff, so that's pretty amazing.
Seems to me like in some cases education might get in the way of intuition, don't you think?
Yeah.
Some people have a natural aptitude towards solving puzzles as long as you give it to
them in a term that they're going to understand it.
Yeah, and then they go on to comment a little bit more, they said, the critical role of
Foldit players in the solution of the M-PMV PR structure shows the power of online games
to channel human intuition and three-dimensional pattern matching skills to solve challenging
scientific problems, although much attention has been recently given to the potential of
crowdsourcing and game playing, this is the first instance that we are aware of in which
online players solve the long-standing scientific problem.
These results indicate potential for integrating video games into real world scientific process.
The ingenuity of the game players is formidable force that if properly directed can be used
to solve a wide range of scientific problems, so you never know, they may be just using
this for other diseases, obviously potential is unlimited, new forms of energy, who knows?
I was reading before that they had broken what was one of the HIV virus models, right?
Yeah, this is what that's about.
So think if they've come to that, this could be applied towards cancers, tumors, just about
anything.
Yeah.
It really is a good way to get new resources, because any type of research, if it hits a
dead end, it's going to need a fresh pair of eyes and a fresh brain to go with it.
And the folded thing hasn't even been around that long, it's basically 236,000 players,
which as far as compared to folding the home, I think that's a lot less than what they've
got.
Instead I guess that they've been working together the last three years, and it only
took them 10 days to unravel that actual scientific problem there.
So that one alone, 10 days with that many people, can you imagine if they just integrated
this into all the places that the folding the home stuff is, it could be pretty powerful.
And another thing too, this actually says a lot for the spirit of cooperation.
This is a lot, even though they have it set up as a competition in the end, it's a lot
of people working together, and they're getting results by people having a common goal and
working towards it.
And I think that we could all stand to learn something from that.
Yeah.
Cool.
So, moving forward, man that's actually super cool though.
I mean I'm still kind of, whenever I try to think about the possibilities for that it
actually makes my brain hurt a little bit.
So how about something that won't make my brain hurt that much, because honestly it's
not surprising.
28% of 3DS users do not like the 3D feature, they say it detracts from their games.
There was a study done out by the research firm Interpret LLC that said 22% of those
thought the 3D improved gameplay, but 13% were so put off by the effect that they turned
it off altogether.
56% also found that their ideal 3D gaming experience was a 3D capable console connected
to a TV, with only 7% giving a nod towards the 3DS.
I think right now it's still really early, I think a lot of games aren't using it correctly.
And even this goes to Nintendo, some of their design choices in games are really stupid,
especially with Star Fox where they have the tilt controls and then the 3D, that doesn't
work.
It's going to break the 3D because your 3D method requires people to basically have a
certain perspective that you view the screen at, and if you're turning and tilting the
screen around it's going to break that and it's going to turn it 2D anyways.
Granted you could turn the 3D off and play with the tilt controls or turn it on and play
with it without tilt controls, but to fully utilize the game it's kind of impossible the
way that they have it I guess, unless you're supposed to tilt your whole body with that
which is kind of stupid.
But yeah, 3D consoles I think is definitely the way to go.
Have you noticed though that some people when they play a game that requires turning and
things that they'll lean with their controller?
Yeah when you're 5, I mean I don't think anyone does that anymore.
I do if I really get into it, like when I was playing Katamari though I'd get motion
sick so I'd actually follow the direction of the TV to keep from getting motion sick.
Yeah I see and I...
Then again the 3DS makes me motion sick anyway.
I don't know.
The moment the 3D breaks my head hurts.
Maybe people they don't play games a lot because they just get really into it, but I don't
think I've ever done that.
I don't need my little pony in 3D.
I just, I don't know, I don't really...
The only time I ever see that nowadays is when they have a stupid, you know, PR shot
of people playing a video game and they're so excited!
They're so psyched to be playing the game and they're just really getting into it.
But I mean it's just, it's just not real.
Now this is something that I think is a little derpy.
Is that they basically said that awareness of the device was up 60% on this time last
year but 28% of that total weren't aware that it required, that it didn't require 3D glasses.
Well yeah because they're probably interviewing people that have no idea what these consoles
are.
I mean there's a lot of people out there that don't know what, you know, the gaming consoles
offer.
I mean how even some celebrities.
I remember that video they have of Orlando Bloom and Mark Ruffalo signing him an Xbox.
Orlando Bloom didn't know what, you know, what that was.
He thought, you know, is this the one, Blu-ray?
I mean he didn't know because he's busy fucking making money and working.
He hasn't had time to, you know, game and that kind of stuff but there's a lot of people
out there that aren't really into games and aren't really aware of what's out there.
I mean, granted, I think they've stepped up their advertising quite a bit for the 3DS
now especially since they've dropped the price.
They're kind of highlighting what's coming out in the fourth quarter with, you know,
the Zelda and not, well they still show Zelda, Zelda Star Fox, Mario 3D, or Super Mario 3D
Land and Mario Kart 7.
So there's going to be a lot of awareness going into the fourth quarter about, you know,
the 3DS.
3D stuff for the Playstation a little bit, I think no whatsoever mention for the 3D stuff
that they have on the 360 because there are a lot of games that do support 3D on the Xbox
360 but there's no mention of that because first party wise they don't really, well actually
I guess Gears 3 did, but first party wise they don't really support 3D too much.
It's mainly just the third parties, the cross platform stuff like, you know, Batman Arkham
Asylum or, yeah actually Arkham Asylum had 3D support, not the stereoscopic, you know,
shutter glasses 3D but the red cyan glasses and then they also have, but Arkham City does
have 3D support and there's some other games that do support 3D.
It's just, it's not really advertised widely I guess.
Huh.
Well it, you know what, now I'm trying to picture playing through, not like the old
school cyan magenta, like the newer ones, right?
That you don't really see cyan and magenta.
I've honestly, I haven't used those types of glasses in a long time and I still think
that all I see is cyan and magenta and that stuff.
I mean, it would be awesome if they had some sort of glasses like that that I didn't see
that but I've never, I haven't seen anything like that recently that doesn't affect the
color.
I went to a movie not too long ago that used one of the services that was a cyan and magenta
but it was a very pale one.
It was interesting.
You really couldn't see it.
But moving forward, shall we?
Release dates.
Yes, Wii has release dates.
The US is still gonna have a lot of stuff coming out this week.
Of course, because we're in the fourth quarter technically.
So starting things off, we've got FIFA Soccer 12 on the Wii, coming out a little bit later
than the rest of the platforms.
Some re-releases from THQ, they've got a Beach Fun 2-pack, it's just some of their old party
games, and a Game Show Fun pack which is Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy, that's on the Wii.
Sun Slinger from Valkon, it's a generic on-rail shooter game for the Wii.
Quest for Zoo from Activision.
Cabela's, there's the first of four Cabela's games this year.
We've got Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2012, it's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and
of course they've got the Top Shot Elite bundles and the Swell with those.
Another game from Activision, X-Men Destiny, which is kind of an X-Men themed brawler game.
It's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
Atelier Totri, The Adventurer of Arland, coming out on PlayStation 3 this week.
Also on PC, Dragon Sang Complete Saga.
On PS3, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, Classic Trilogy HD, re-release of some of those games
in HD now.
Child of Eden on PlayStation 3 this week, one of those games that does support 3D.
Prevolution Soccer 2012, coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week, rest of the formats
later on the year.
Brunswick Pro Bowling 3DS for the Nintendo 3DS.
Eco and Shadow Colossus Collection on PlayStation 3 finally making its way out this week, definitely
a must-buy.
FIFA Soccer 12 on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PSP, Xbox 360, 3DS, and the Wii.
Of course, as I mentioned earlier, I believe the Wii is actually coming out later on.
It's not supposed to be this week, I believe it's next week.
Let's see here, Sulatorobo, Red the Hunter for Nintendo DS this week from XSeed.
Air Conflict Secret Wars on Xbox 360, Driver San Francisco on PC, Touch and Play Collection
for Nintendo DS, just kind of another mini-game collection.
Sid Meier's Civ V, Game of the Year Edition on PC, and finally, one week from today, Tetris
Axis on the 3DS.
That's it for US, and then let's see here for Japan.
I've got a few things coming out this week.
Over there, Monster Hunter Frontier Online, the Forward 2 premier package coming out in
Japan on Xbox 360.
They also have a Monster Hunter console bundle over there, 250 gigabyte system, including
an online trial pack.
Game called Code 18 coming out over there in Japan, and looks like it may be another
dating sim.
That's from Cyber Front, yeah, definitely looks like a dating sim adventure game or
something like that.
Yeah, adventure game.
Let's see, moving on, also we've got the collector's edition for the Monster Hunter Frontier Online
Forward 2 premium package, and let's see, that's it for a 360.
Moving on down here to PlayStation 3, I believe.
We've got some weird games from Konami.
Formula One 2011 in Japan, they're getting their release over there for that game.
MLB Bobblehead, that's coming from Konami.
Let's see here, Shin Sengoku Musou 6, that's coming out both regular and a premium box
set as well.
That's it for PlayStation 3.
Next we've got, let's see here, nothing on the Vita yet, that would still be quite early
for the Vita.
PSP, a couple things on PSP, looks like Bullet Butlers coming out, Bullet Butlers from Boost
On, that's coming out in both regular and limited edition.
Also they're getting code 18 as well, regular and limited edition there.
Dead End Orchestra Maneuvers in the Dead End, that's a weird title, that's coming out as
well, regular and limited edition.
Lots of stuff this week, let's see.
Getting Iyu Densetsu Eo no Kiseki, that's both regular with a drama CD and limited edition
as well.
Evangelion Shin Genki Joban 3rd Impact.
Oh great.
More Eva Games, the series that will not die.
Hakuisei Renee Shokoden, that's coming out as well.
Man, lots of games this week on the PSP, I'm surprised.
Holy crap, there's a ton of stuff.
Let's see, also Neon Genesis Evangelion 3rd Impact.
I'm assuming that's maybe a localized version, Asian version or something like that.
Secret Game Portable, Yeti Best, that's coming out as well.
And they're even doing a, I guess a branded memory stick duo or whatever for 3rd Impact.
They love their Evangelion over there.
And then finally, Wanda Fortune 2 and Tantei Buu Detective Club, that's coming out I guess
as well.
Lots of stuff on the PSP, which is kind of odd because in the US man, there's like maybe
three titles this year left and that's it.
And then on the Wii, not a whole lot, they're pretty much just getting that Biohazard Chronicles
value pack, which is the Umbrella Chronicles and Dark Side Chronicles set, the two gun
shooter games that they had, that's it for the Wii.
And let's see, 3DS, few things, Hanatu Ikomo no Ritai Zukan, no idea what that is, but
let's take a look here real quick.
No idea what that is, looks like it has a butterfly on the cover.
Maybe it's a bug collecting sim.
Yeah, it's a bug collecting game.
Bug collecting or maybe just photos or something, nature.
Bird feeding, you collect the bugs and feed the birds.
I think it's something about photography because it's showing they have stuff for shooting
flowers and they've got a kind of like a collage, yeah it looks like just nature photos or something,
some sort of, I don't know, very niche.
And finally let's see Nintendo DS here, don't know if they've really got anything, oh actually
it's kind of neat, they've got some re-releases on Playstation 2, Grand Theft Auto 3, Rock
Stars Classic Edition, also San Andreas and Vice City Stories, all making their way out
as well.
Haru Kannaru Jinku no Kade 4, that's getting re-released as well.
And Nintendo DS, nothing in Japan right now.
Nintendo doesn't love you Japan.
At least no DS's this week.
Well how about we hop over a couple more oceans and get to Europe, sound good?
In the UK, we have Stuff.
On the 27th, Resident Evil Code Veronica X for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, Ico and Shadow
of the Colossus Collection HD for PS3 on the 28th, also on the 28th Mercury HG, Roshard,
The Binding of Isaac, Worms Ultimate Mayhem, Zelda Four Swords Anniversary Edition.
On the 29th we have Katamari Amore on the iPhone, and on the 30th we have Game of Thrones
Genesis, Child of Eden, Driver San Francisco, FIFA 12, We Sing UK Hits, and X-Men Destiny.
That's pretty much it.
Alright.
You got anything else for us?
Yeah, we've got some stuff here.
Really, I think we should do the Classic Game of the Week.
Really?
Okay.
Well then let's go ahead and do the Classic Game of the Week.
As soon as I find the music.
Since we're like, you know, flipping things around here and it's a very short show, might
as well.
Well then let's go ahead and get right into it.
This is the Classic Game of the Week where I take you back in time in my TARDIS and show
you games that you should have been playing, but did you play them?
No, because you probably weren't born.
Damn kids.
Today's game is one called Quartet that anyone who actually is a fan of Project Diva might
recognize the game.
You know, Quartet came out in 1986 and it was an arcade game put out by Sega.
You could have one to four players lead your characters through a base taken over by an
army of robots.
And it was set in the Fantasy Zone.
As in Fantasy Zone and Space Harrier.
In fact, Dan was telling me that Sega had this whole thing where their set of games
back in the day were all set in the Fantasy Zone that they were going to say every one
of their games were set there, but that didn't quite catch on.
At any rate, you've got a character named Joe, Mary, Lee, or Edgar and you go through
side-scrolling levels and you have to advance through the level and fight opponents that
come out of portals in the walls and eventually defeat a boss that has the door case you can
go to the next level.
And you've got different power-ups like a jet pack and springs for jumping and boosting
and different kinds of fun like that.
So I'm going to go ahead and actually get the music playing since I didn't think about
that so you can hear what it's like.
I'm going to start it over so you can hear it from the beginning because this is actually
one of the best pieces of gaming music ever.
If it will play.
This is from the Master System, so that's actually pretty good, but then again Master
System games really did have a lot of great music.
At any rate, you've got different weapon types, different orbs that will give you power-ups,
but if it's another player's color, then it just gives you bonus points.
And it came out around the same time as Gauntlet, sort of like I guess Sega's answer to Gauntlet.
But it did come out on the Master System, but you could only play as Mary or Edgar and
it was misspelled E-D-G-E-R.
So it came out in Japan as Double Target, but over here it still came out as Quartet.
There is also home versions.
There were Commodore 64, Amstrad, CPC, and Sinclair ZX Spectrum.
And the Okie Wrap and FM Funk music from the game were actually used later in the 1991
Spider-Man video game.
So Quartet 2 is an updated version that was done in a conversion kit that you could only
play two players in the arcade one, but you could still select your characters.
So that's the game of the week is Quartet.
Now, I was mentioning that fans of Project D.Va should be able to recognize this song
because a version of the song was used in Project D.Va 2nd.
I know it was in Project D.Va Arcade, so I was going to play a little bit of that for
you guys now, but if you stay tuned after this show, I'll play the whole thing.
So here it goes.
And that was the version from Project D.Va.
Pretty cool, huh?
Sure.
What next?
All right, let's move on along here.
We've got a few more stories left.
So let's see here.
Since we were talking a little bit about Project D.Va, and it kind of reminds me of actually
some of the Bahmani games, there's actually a new Bahmani, well, not technically a new
Bahmani game, but a new game to the arcades, I should say.
Dance Evolution, which was basically titled Dance Masters over here in the US, you may
remember it as kind of the Kinect dancing game from Konami, that didn't really sell
very well, but it was like Para, I guess.
But now it is making full circle and going to the arcades, where they have an actual
cabinet that's being location tested right now.
And I love the first licensed song, because it does kind of sum up everything.
So the first licensed song is Irony, Irony by Klarius, and a couple other Japanese songs,
one from AKB48 and Morning Musume.
And then of course, some of the Konami originals on the cabinet as well, Geisha's Dream by
Naoki featuring Smell Decay, Into Your Heart, The Roughage Remix, Naoki featuring Yasmin,
Keep on Movin' by NMR, Kimono Princess by Joon, My Summer Love by Mitsuo with Gala,
and let's see, Open Your Eyes, Naoki Maida, featuring JB, and Still in My Heart by Naoki,
and Unity by The Remembers.
That's fun.
We'd have to really do a lot of the upgrades to make it compete with just getting a home
version.
Well, it's basically, yeah, from the look of the cabinet, it's got a camera in there
as well, and they didn't really show any sort of actual game stage, it's just basically
the cabinet from the looks of it, and I'm thinking it's going to be very similar to
how the home game played, it's basically just kind of in front of a camera.
Unfortunately, they don't really have too much to go off of other than just a shot into
the cabinet, which looks like it's just got an HD screen.
They better have a lot of Eurobeat.
That kind of stuff in there.
Because honestly, that game just lends itself to Eurobeat.
Yeah, I mean, looking at the screenshots, it looks just like a straight port of the
game, so yeah, interesting I guess.
I mean, I'd play it, and again, I like Dance Masters.
I don't know if I would, but I just, it lacked some stuff as far as cues on what the hell
to do.
But I mean, if you're used to playing Para, I guess it's not too different, well, especially
not too different if you're playing certain songs in the game, because the Para routines
are basically the routines from the game.
So yeah, I don't know.
Well, that's still pretty neat.
But I actually really want to see a machine before I pass judgment on it.
So maybe we'll get one over here eventually.
And in other news, now there is a game that I have mentioned to everybody before that's
called Snatcher.
And there was a radio drama called Dature, S-D-A-T-H-E-R, and the first two episodes
of it have been translated.
So that's actually pretty cool.
And I will link that to the chat room so that anyone who is a Snatcher fan will be able
to see it.
I would actually just like for them to do another update of the game so I can play it
again.
Oh, maybe as soon as he finishes all the other damn projects he has on deck, like the Metal
Gear Solid 3D game for 3DS that's still not out yet, or, oh, I don't know, the Metal Gear
Rising game that's...
I don't even know where the hell it happened with that game, I mean, it's maybe the end
of the next year.
And then of course he has his new Fox engine that he's working on games for, so it could
be a while.
Well, I would very much like to, see, that's the problem with talented people that get
too much on their plate, is they don't get the right stuff on their plate, at least to
come out anyway.
Yes, I agree, Zeether, Snatcher kicks ass.
I've actually got Snatcher for PS1, but of course it's all in Japanese, and my husband
lost patience with it really quickly.
But who knows.
So let's go ahead and open up Ye Olde Skypline, I will change this to online.
You can give us a call, our number is 1-866-877-GAME-OLR, and you will be live on air and we can embarrass
the crap out of you.
Ooh!
Are you afraid?
While we're waiting for calls to come in, just gonna read a couple other things, a third
round of songs have been announced for D&D Revolution 2, in case you're interested in
picking up the Wii version, I'm glad to see that DM Ashura is still getting work, he has
a song in there called Aftershock, also of course Kay with Dirty Digital, Dummy by Ram,
In Love With You, Kotaru featuring Aya, Sakura Storm by Ryu Star, also Delta Max by DM Ashura
as well.
It's really funny seeing all the old Bomani, DWI, step mania artists getting songs into
these games nowadays.
He said DWI.
Yeah, fans with intensity stuff, it's old school, John's not old school.
Well looks like no one's, oh we just got a caller, so I will go ahead and pick this up.
Hello, you've reached OLR, who's this?
Hi, it's CD Thunder.
Hello CD Thunder, and a happy belated birthday to you.
Thank you very much.
Welcome, so what's up, what's on your mind?
Not too much, just have a couple things to discuss.
Okay.
First thing is, I'd like to talk about one of my favorite video game characters of all
time.
And who is that?
Mario.
Oh.
So why is Mario your favorite?
It's one of my favorites.
One of your favorites, okay.
So what do you want to say about Mario?
Well the reason I like Mario is because I really like his outfit.
I love his hat and everything he can do with the fire flowers and all that stuff.
Is the fire flower your favorite power up for him?
For me it's the tanooki suit.
It would be the fire flower and that feather that gives him the cape.
Yeah.
I'm actually really a fan of Pull's boot, not Pull's voice, I'm thinking of the little
boot thing.
The kuberu shoe.
Kuberu, thank you.
I don't think I've seen that before, actually.
That's in Super Mario Brothers 3.
Oh.
Well, I, yeah, I mean, I haven't played many of the games.
I mean, I play like Super Mario, the new Super Mario Brothers for the DS and a lot of others,
but I just like everything about him.
That's cool.
So you said there were a couple of things you wanted to talk about, what was the other?
The other one is, I want to talk about prototype.
Prototype, okay.
What I like about that is you're a guy who's basically a human weapon.
You can do pretty much everything.
So like, you could blow up the earth if you wanted to?
What did you say?
You could blow up the earth if you wanted to?
Well, maybe, but I like how you can, what is it called?
You can, yeah, you consume other people and you can actually turn them to them if you
need to, to sneak around places.
That sounds like episodes of Supernatural.
Now are you looking forward to the sequel coming out next year?
Prototype 2?
I haven't actually seen anything about that, so I'm not sure what I feel on that yet.
And what you basically do with your character is a lot of free running, the parkour stuff,
because you can run up the walls and do flips and all that type of thing.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
I didn't ever play it.
Oh really?
Yeah.
I wasn't too busy playing WoW.
Addicts?
Rob's my dealer and I can't yell at him.
I just wanted to see what you guys thought of Mario.
What are your opinions on him?
Iconic.
That's all I can say.
That's a good character, I guess.
Good franchise for Nintendo.
Well, yeah, that was pretty much all I wanted to call in about.
And yeah, birthday was yesterday and I turned 19.
Party time!
Happy birthday!
You're only two years away from the big party.
Yeah, I know.
It's scary.
Well, you have a good one.
Thanks for calling in.
Uh huh.
Bye.
Bye bye.
So, any other callers want to give us a call?
You can call us at 877-GAME-OLR or reach us on Skype or Orange Lounge Radio.
Please call.
While we're waiting for more calls here.
Kind of neat, Assassin's Creed, one of those games now that they're going to be adding
more content to the Playstation 3 version in the form of an older game.
Kind of like how Bioshock Infinite's going to have the original Bioshock in there.
Assassin's Creed Revelations is going to have the original Assassin's Creed on the same
disc because, you know, hey, the game doesn't use up all the blu-ray space and they can
do that.
And unfortunately they haven't really done anything to the original game as far as adding
trophy support or anything like that, but hey, you get another game in case, you know,
maybe you don't have the first Assassin's Creed.
I don't know.
Neat, I guess.
Also, I was going to mention Final Fantasy XIV is actually getting some updates.
We have a call.
Can we hold that one for after?
Sure.
Okay.
Hello, thank you for calling Orange Lounge Radio.
Who is this?
This is Kaijuto.
Can you hear me?
Yes, we can.
Hi, Kaijuto.
Long time no talk.
Hey, what's up?
This is what I was thinking.
Really don't know what to talk about, but your last caller, he was talking about Mario
and it made me think about something.
Why the hell doesn't Mario have a kid yet?
Like how old is he by now?
About 40, 50?
Yeah, but they say that sometimes obesity affects fertility.
Ah.
God maybe he seems to be a very well, maybe fungus people and humans aren't compatible.
Yeah, maybe so.
Yeah, I forgot that Princess Peach isn't necessarily from this dimension.
Either that or she's produced spores, but they mutated and turned into goombas.
And I don't know, I guess the next thing I'll talk about is games I'm looking forward to.
I've been going over my game list, like what I plan on buying, and I just realized that
I don't think I'm buying anything for the Xbox 360 for the rest of this year.
Really?
Yeah, I think everything that I'm buying is basically going to be for PlayStation 3.
Battlefield 3, I'm getting for PlayStation 3 just because it's like single disc and your
promise there's...
Uh oh, sorry.
Give us a call back, sorry.
Alright.
What was that?
Definitely picked up a call by accident, so my bad.
Okay.
I'm going to try to call, um, ah.
Yeah, this is ghetto ass broken radio.
Sorry, I didn't mean, I called you again by accident, we're going to have Rob edit this
out.
I will call you back as soon as this call is over.
How's that?
Alright.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, now I'm trying to figure out how to accept the call again.
Resume call.
Hi, sorry.
Are you, are you there?
Do you have me here?
Do you hear me?
I'm so sorry.
Um, I, we got another caller pop up and accidentally hit the answer button so it put you on hold.
Yeah.
No problem.
So, my apologies, I'm normally not the one that handles the Skype line as you can tell.
Yeah, I'm getting like double talk now.
Oh, fun.
Well.
Oh, wait a second.
Alright, there it is.
Okay.
I turned down, turned down my computer.
That would help.
Yeah.
So, I'm sorry, what were you saying?
Anyway, yes, so I mean, every game that I'm getting is pretty much going to be for PS3,
I just realized that, so.
I don't know, I don't think I'm the only one.
I think maybe, ah, 2012 is going to be the year of PS3 maybe.
Well, it seems like it's about time they did something right, huh?
Yeah.
It's about time.
Well, you know, it's like we said, the system's only as good as the games that are on it.
Yeah, that's true.
Yep.
Yep.
Alrighty.
Well.
Goodnight.
Alright, sorry for the mix-up.
Yeah, it's no problem.
Okay, buh-bye.
Okay, now, um, I will try to get a hold of Zither again, who was calling and I was being
a derp.
Hello, Zither, are you there?
Hi, it's Zither from the chat.
Hello.
Um, I was thinking of something to call about and I finally thought of something, um, you've
heard of Retro Game Challenge, right?
The DS game?
Yeah.
The, um, I've been watching the show that it's based on, Game Center CX, and it is awesome.
It is just one of the best things I've ever watched, one of the best Japanese television
shows I have ever watched.
So what do you like about it?
Um, it's really fun to watch because it has this guy struggling to get through the games
to get to the end and it's just, it's just cool watching him constantly try to make it
through and spending out these hours planning things out and getting through it.
That sounds pretty cool.
So it's just, you like the struggle.
Yeah, it's, it's very, they make it like overly dramatic sometimes.
Like, he'll be at like this impasse and they'll be like, and they'll be like, oh, how is he
going to get through this?
Is he going to be able to beat this enemy that's giving him trouble?
Like in one episode he was doing ghosts and goblins and the red demon was constantly giving
him hell and it was like, how is he going to get past this guy?
He's stuck in game over hell.
Oh, that I can imagine too, because like that last level is especially crappy with the red
demon.
Oh yeah.
And when he found out he had to do it all over again, he was like, I'm not going to
do this.
I'm going to just hand it over to one of the other guys.
He's going to do it.
It's.
Oh yeah.
He's going to beat the game and then it's like, no, go back.
No, you have to do it again.
That was, that game was like one of the ultimate in rage quits.
Yeah, it's definitely.
And um, he actually, I actually found out that the guy who was on, the guy who did,
the guy on the show who does the games, playing the games, his name is Arino.
He was actually in um, California at one point that like a couple of weeks ago he was doing
a special tape special that was going to be him going to the U S and, and a lot of people
showed up.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
The retro game challenge game is also extremely fun.
It's definitely one of my favorite DS games.
I might have to check that out given, you know, my husband and I are like the huge game,
old school game people.
It's very good.
It's got some, it's got some really, really good games in it.
The sequel didn't come out here, but there's actually a group that's working on a fan translation
for it.
And so far from what I can tell, it looks pretty close to what we got here for the first
game.
That sounds awesome.
Yeah.
And uh, yeah, Snatcher, really good game.
Snatcher is fantastic.
I've still been trying to find a Sega CD copy.
Oh yeah, it's really hard to find it.
I've just had to emulate, but it's, it's really good.
I, I really like it.
The plot is great.
I still, I need to get back to it because I've gotten pretty far into the, pretty decently
far into the game, but it's really good.
I like the music.
I like the voice, the voice acting.
It's very, very well done for a game that's from like the early nineties.
The little Metal Gear cameo.
Yes, Metal Gear walking around.
I especially liked, um, the club, the Outer Heaven Club and when you were, when you went
there, you got to pick a mask and I picked the Moai head and there was all the Konami
characters there and, um, who was it, um, Gillian was like, I don't know if we fit in
and Metal Gear is like, I think we fit in more than you think.
And I kind of caught that subtle Gradius reference.
Very, very cool.
Yeah, that's super neat.
Well, pretty cool.
So you got anything else for us?
No, nothing else.
All right.
Well, I'm sorry that I hung up on you earlier.
It's all right.
I attribute that to derp because it's the derpisode.
It's mad buggy.
Bug report.
All right.
All right.
Later.
Later.
All right guys.
You can give us a call.
We'll take one more call.
It's a eight seven seven game O L R. Do you have any other last minute stories for us?
Yeah.
I was going to finish up real quick.
Yeah, that's right.
The yeah.
Yeah.
Final Fantasy 14, you know, they didn't really fix the game yet all the way, but they did
add chocobos and uh, you can get a three, they have three different chocobos stables
in the game, um, which you can eat your very own chocobo whistle and you can ride chocobos
pretty much anywhere in the game.
Also they have added materia so you can add materia and augment your weapons as well.
And then finally airships, um, have been added into the game as well so that you can actually
ride across everything.
I don't know.
It's just really, you didn't have chocobos or airships in this game.
I mean you had it in 11.
Why is, should this be any different considering that you're reusing everything anyways?
Well, we got another call in.
This is the last call of the night.
Hello.
You have reached orange launch radio.
Who is this?
Yo, it's Xenocore from the LKC.
How y'all doing?
Doing good.
How are you Xenocore?
Uh, well rested from my trip.
I think you might've heard a bit when I spoke on Bobby, but yeah, driving to Florida and
back is no fun.
Uh, that doesn't sound like fun at all.
Yeah.
Especially when it's just for family duties, not a real vacation, but anyway, we're here
about games.
Yep.
So what is up?
Uh, not much.
I did want to include a small thing, uh, on top of, you know, uh, Arino playing old school
games on Game Center CX.
He also does do interviews with some of the game makers in Japan.
He's already talked to the guys in charge of Castlevania.
He talked to Kojima about Metal Gear and its history and other things like that.
There's a lot of stuff that, like for instance, Kotaku is covering the gaming that he's doing
and doing some awful voiceover on some of the stuff.
But there's an account on, uh, YouTube that somebody has been putting all the fan subs
that have been done online.
And I put a link to one of them in chat, but, uh, they've got over 24 of the episodes already,
including the one where he went to Korea and talked to some gamers over there as well.
It is really an outstanding show.
I'm going to have to check that out as, I mean, it sounds like something totally up
my alley.
I just had never, I mean, I've heard of it before, but I haven't ever seen any.
Yeah.
Right around 903 in chat, if you take that link, that'll give you the account name.
I think it's like active circle or something like that, but he's putting all that stuff
on there.
You can give it a go.
And, uh, the other thing, um, I'm still curious as to whether or not I should, as much as
I love Space Marine, I've heard rumors that the multiplayer population has already died
out.
Really?
It's kind of sucks.
I'm not sure if that's accurate or not.
I mean, it's probably just fanboys complaining, but I hope not because that game was awesome
and I, I played it from game fly.
I do want to get a full version of it, but I'm not going to do it if the multiplayer
isn't there.
Cause that's the only thing that's left in there for me.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, if the game doesn't give you what you want, what's the point, right?
Well, it gave me everything I wanted, but it was a multi, the single player, you know,
once you go through that, you pretty much know it as fun as it is.
I'm not the kind of guy that can just do that repeatedly and get enjoyment out of it.
So yeah.
But, uh, I hope, I hope they make another one cause that was an outstanding representation
of what to do with that franchise.
So they can keep her fingers crossed, right?
Mm hmm.
Offer a little prayer.
Yup.
Yup.
But, uh, awesome job today, guys, uh, sky isn't missing the thing.
So good job.
He actually just texted that he made it to San Francisco and I was going to reply that
I'm hateful and jealous, but nah, that's okay.
He has to stay in there and the audience with the rest of the granted lady Tron's playing,
but he's going to get, you know, funk right all over him.
So you know, yeah, he's going to come back smelling like pot and then he's going to get
sick.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
Well thank you for calling.
Did you have anything else?
No, that's pretty much it.
Pretty light today.
So alrighty.
Well you take care and we will hear from you next week maybe.
Oh, hopefully next week we actually have a special guest on the show.
Another host.
It's Dan.
So I guess he's not that special.
I mean he's special, special to me.
Just a little bit special.
Just special.
Okay.
Bye bye.
All right.
Later.
All right.
That was our last call of the night and sorry anyone else who was trying to get in because
believe it or not, we did have people trying to get in, but nope, that was it.
And I actually do have another story.
Just a little story that came to us courtesy, courtesy, courtesy of a tiger claw and that's
that Microsoft is allowing a small number of mistakenly banned Xbox 360 players back
on Xbox Live.
So they actually, Steven Toulouse wrote a blog about that some of the suspensions were
mistakenly made by different software being used and so they are bringing those people
back there and banning them and will give them a free three month subscription to Xbox
Live Gold and 1600 Microsoft Points.
And they said it was very specific issue and it happened between August 29th and September
9th.
So they've got it lined up.
So I guess that's nice of them saying, oh, we screwed up here.
Do you have anything else for us?
Just one thing real quick and it's more of a PSA than anything.
All right.
Remember we talked, well, I talked about the Tommy Wee Show that I guess is something that's
running from Makima on YouTube and stuff like that.
Well, they had the first episode featuring Tommy with so and it is fucking stupid.
First off, it's a rip off of Mr. Science Theory 3000.
Secondly, Tommy with so cannot form English sentences.
He's just, it's just so fucking stupid.
And the only humor that you'd find in this is that he's really stupid.
So I mean, if you like watching stupid people play games, I'm sure there's plenty of videos
out there on the Internet of people playing games, but it is seriously a rip off of Mr.
Science Theory 3000 straight up to the set, to the logo, to everything.
Wow.
That's just.
And it's not even to the fact that he's mocking a game being played.
It's him playing a game while this alien's mocking him.
And I mean, at one point he accidentally hits the PlayStation button and it goes to the
cross menu bar and he's just, how do I get out of this?
I mean, it's dumb, so please don't watch it.
Just let it die in a fire.
Lame.
Well, that's it for OLR, but I'm actually going to go ahead and play, um, oh, actually,
you know what?
So never mind.
I'm not going to play anything, but I'm going to give everyone a little bitty tip.
Stay tuned after the show and you will hear a blast from the past in the form of a modified
pump up the volume.
So, uh, do you have any final thoughts?
Uh, no.
Yeah.
I don't have any either except that I'm just going to do some music for about an hour so
that you guys don't feel like we've gone, oh, don't want to.
Okay.
So anyway, thank you for listening.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
