Tonight, September 4th, 2011, a former QA tester sues one developer.
Details on Dragon Quest X are soon to be revealed.
Will there soon be a museum dedicated to video games?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of that show
where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live.
It is Sunday, September the 4th of 2011.
It's Labor Day weekend and we're live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com where we are
live every week at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show,
although not tonight.
He had the night off.
He's at Dragon Con and I know he's going to have a full report on all of that next week.
In the meantime, let me introduce who we have here in studio.
My name is Rob Roberts and not joining me tonight, sadly.
I know this might come as a surprise, but Dark Sakura is not here.
She has the night off.
She's in San Francisco.
If you guys know Maren from Las Vegas, she's in town visiting San Francisco.
So they're doing girly things in the city like going to have shrimp at Pier 39 and then
pillow fights and braiding each other's hair and chocolate sundaes and all that.
So filling in tonight as hosts, we have a guest who used to come to the show all the
time then has been taking a little break.
So say hello, welcome back, whatever the case may be to Salacious Pop.
Hello.
How are you doing tonight Salacious Pop?
I'm doing great.
So, okay, for the listeners that don't know you, well, let me introduce, I'll come back
to you in a minute, but also it just wouldn't be a night at OLR without the one and only
tech master, Loki.
Hello.
And everyone was wrong.
It was a big, and Loki, oh my gosh, we're having so much feeling that you're not plugged
in tonight.
Loki.
We're having a little bit of fail tonight and I'll get to that in a minute.
I'm sure everybody's like tonight.
What is that?
Every night you have all our fail.
Okay.
Try again.
Look.
All right.
Tech master Loki.
And everybody had it wrong.
It wasn't anything.
It wasn't double bacon strips.
It was a double Western bacon cheeseburger from Carl's Jr or Hardee's I guess on the
East coast.
And he is talking to chat.orangelandtrader.com, our live chat room where we are live every
week.
Come join us sometime for a live show.
Although I will say tonight was, you know, usually the podcast people are like, man,
we get shafted because the live listeners, they get the music breaks and the live listeners
get that little bonus segment at the very end that isn't on the podcast and so on.
Live listeners make out well tonight, podcast listeners, you got the better end of the deal
because we are 25 minutes late and starting tonight and the live listeners have been waiting.
It's a very struggling evening.
Yes.
And we've just had tech.
We've had tech fail.
We've had can't get into the studio when Jamie's not here fail.
We've just had all sorts of problems.
So I apologize, but, um, we'll find our rhythm eventually and, and put on a show.
So Dan is yelling at us in the living room to quit complaining.
So anyway, uh, let's go back to Salacious Pop and, um, you're here, but you haven't
been here a little while.
When was the last time you were on the show?
I want to say it was either April or before.
I think it's kind of funny that, uh, now that I actually live up in Sacramento where Studio
OLR is roughly, um, I'm on the show far less than I was before, even though I'm living
with one of the co-hosts.
So for those that are new to Orange Lawn Radio, maybe haven't heard you on the show before,
tell us a little bit about yourself.
Like what, what kind of games are you into?
What do you like?
Uh, I've been gaming since I was four or five.
My first system was an Atari 2600.
Um, most of my gaming was probably done during the SNES and PS1 generations.
I own all the systems and have a ton of games, but I don't really console game much anymore.
I'm mostly a PC gamer.
I mostly, I'm more into gaming culture.
Um, those are my people, but as far as actually sitting down when we'll get to this, when
we get to my, um, gaming week, don't really play as much as I used to.
What do you mean by like gaming culture and those are my people when you say that?
Just the various fandoms and, you know, following the sort of, you know, I still follow the
news for games that I know I'm not going to play, but I still find it interesting and
yeah.
So, but, but there are some games you still do play today, right?
Of course.
Of course.
You still have all the, you have all the systems, 360, PS3, right?
Yep.
The only one I didn't get this generation was the Wii.
So top, not missing much, uh, top three games ever, not to put you on the spot or anything,
but three, if you can't think of your top three, just like three really freaking great
games.
Super Metroid.
Good pick.
Valkyrie profile.
That's a good pick too.
And street fighter alpha two.
Ooh, why alpha two and not just straight up two, which is the most notable, I suppose.
I think the alpha or zero series is the best street fighter has ever been as far as art
design play style, combo system, music, everything.
Dan came in here and give the big thumbs up.
I think all is forgiven now.
All right.
So a welcome once again, salacious pop, and I know you have some, uh, big shoes to fill
and a you're even putting on the heels tonight just to, uh, fill in for dark soccer.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
But you will pet Shermie and plays a dark soccer.
I'm sure.
Yes.
Sure.
Me is still here.
Sassy in her kitty bed is always pet.
Sure.
Me instead of dark Sakura.
What?
That's what it sounds like.
Cause in place of dark Sakura, Oh, shut up.
All right.
Anyhow.
You guys are crazy.
All right.
We're going to get into how was your gaming week, but first we weren't here last week.
Not only have we had a little bit of fail and, and, uh, starting a little late tonight,
but we were not here at all last week.
Um, salacious pop and I were at Disneyland, which was awesome.
I don't have to tell you twice.
Yep.
There's a lot of lolsy, funny stuff about the electronica event that happens at Disneyland.
Because if you guys don't know what electronica is, it happens, um, at Disneyland, uh, California
venture, the second park down there, Westcott, if you will, uh, it is, uh, an event that
happens at night.
Which is becoming more like the first park, to be honest.
Well, they, they, they're getting more of the thrill rides and so forth, and they're
doing this huge make over there and cars land and the most expensive ride they've ever done
is supposed to be at that park, but that's to get people to go there because a lot of
people weren't going there.
One of the things they do is electronica.
And we've talked about this on the show before, uh, go back to the E3 shows this year, because
we took Bobby, uh, for the first time to electronica.
They have a replica Flynn's arcade, where, uh, all the arcade machines from the 80s,
and they work great, because if they don't work great, they take them out.
We saw him removing a machine, which I thought was kind of funny, like-
Taking it out back to shoot it.
Apparently, apparently, I don't know what they do, but yeah, they have to take the machine
out of there, because they won't have any-
So he's a bit loose, take her out back, put her out of her misery.
Fail machines.
And, uh, you know, all these cool little Tron decorations, and people dressed up in Tron
gear, and they're basically having like a giant rave, and, uh, playing like Daft Punk
and that sort of music.
I don't know, am I, am I saying everything correctly here, Salacious Pop, about electronica?
Yeah, sounds about right.
So we love electronica, because we're nerds, and we love Tron.
Like Tron is like one of the greatest Disney products there is, right?
Electronica was not supposed to be at the park anymore, it was supposed to finish not
long after the movie came out, and it's been extended time and time and time again.
And the most recent news on the net was it's being extended through spring 2012, which
that's great news, because, uh, that means, uh, you can enjoy Flynn's arcade, and the,
you know, perfect 80s actual arcade machines for just that much longer, and those of us
that are nerds and huge fans of Tron's are happy.
But while we were at the park, I was talking to an employee kind of candidly about electronica,
and he said, well yeah, you know, it's closing after Labor Day, and we were like, what?
It's closing after Labor Day, but we heard it was spring 2012, and we have like all these
people that we know that are coming to the park in October, like just to go to electronica
and check it out before it closes.
And he was like, well yeah, it's closing after Labor Day, and it's, you know, it's probably
going to come back in a different configuration.
And we were like, oh my gosh, so making posts to Facebook, angry friends making comments
about how could electronica close before they see it.
It was like telling a bunch of preschoolers that Santa Claus had died.
Yeah, basically.
They were like, what, no!
It was, yeah, or just like just slapping ice cream out of their hand.
Same reaction.
What is that?
What is that thing?
Coning or whatever.
It's like that where you grab the top of the cone, that dumbass thing.
So it was stupid.
Yes, it was.
So anyhow, to make a long story short, too late, I know, we found out that yes, a lot
of electronica is closing after Labor Day, but for three weeks, then it's coming back
weekends only.
You have to understand, they're putting electronica in the Disney vault, and then they're going
to re-release it later on as a special edition, because that's what Disney does with everything.
So finally, we figured that out.
So my friends that are going to the park in October are happy because they'll get to see
it because they're going on a weekend, so it doesn't matter that it's weekends only.
It's fine.
Nick Latov was going to be going the week before it reopens, and now he's pissed.
So I'm not supposed to probably be talking about that on the show, but oh well, what
are you going to do?
And look at that, he just joined chat to stomp and pout with our chatters at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
So, yeah, so we had fun at Disneyland and electronica and all that, and so that's where
we were last week, and we just ended up having the show off, because Jamie was helping a
friend move, and you know, Logie's got the kids, so he enjoys a week off.
When electronica reopens after this three week renovation or whatever, it's going to
be smaller, right?
Because of all the construction they're doing, or was that just a-
Oh, probably.
California Adventure's a mess right now.
And Flynn's Arcade, is that still going to be there, or do you think they're taking that
out?
I hope they don't take it out.
I don't know how it ties back into gaming, because I'll tell you what, if you're in Southern
California, I do think you need to see electronica at least once, because that arcade is awesome.
It's like, it's just like the arcade in the movie, and all the machines actually work,
and how often do you get to go to an arcade where the machines freaking work?
That's when Starrcade is ruined, they should make it permanent.
Dan is saying since Starrcade is ruined, they should just make it permanent.
They should.
They should move Flynn's into Starrcade.
But here's the rumors about the replacement.
I don't mean to turn this into a Disney podcast, but deal.
They're going to replace electronica with the mad tea party.
Based off of the Tim Burton.
Based off of the terrible Tim Burton version of Alice in Wonderland.
But if you think about it, it's going to be so easy to convert.
All they have to do, get Zeus a mad hatter outfit, get all the dancers little, you know,
wacky colors and stuff, and then close Flynn's Arcade or turn it into a tea room or something.
I hope that doesn't happen.
I think Flynn's Arcade should stay a fixture, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
Well, they need to move Flynn's Arcade to the part that's next to Space Mountain.
Because they're used to have Tron stuff in Tomorrowland.
Well, you see, here's the thing, though, is that since Star Tours is all new, they want
all that business in the area or what have you.
So I don't know.
It would be nice.
But sadly, there's just not a lot of arcade love in the world anymore.
And I think that even at Disneyland you're seeing it.
Get rid of that stupid, imaginary, spinning piece of crap that was there.
How fucking badass would it be?
If they would take that dome and turn it into some type of, like, light disc battle.
Like a battle arena.
Like a Tron battle arena.
Where there could be a ride where you go around in a little light bike or something and it
could just be all neon inside.
I mean, it would cost hella money to renovate that place, but it would be awesome.
Like a battle grid or something in Tomorrowland.
It would be so badass.
Or it would have been even more badass as if, well, I know people keep killing themselves
on the goddamn rides, but like, remember when they had the rocket rods and stuff like that
and it would go around on that, make that as a Tron.
In the 80s, it was a Tron thing.
The people mover had a Tron tunnel.
The light speed Tron tunnel.
Yeah, I remember that.
Back when the first Tron movie was new.
So it was very old.
I remember that, but remember the rocket rods went really fast.
So have like some sort of motorcycle ride thing that'd be sweet.
And you can find Marvel merchandise at Disneyland now because of, you know, not really a merger.
They bought Marvel outright.
Right, yeah.
In a lot of the Disney merch stores, you can find Thor, Captain America, Iron Man, action
figures, the three 16 week games, all that stuff.
So we're going to see some of those themed rides because you know how like all these
Six Flags stuff have the DC rides.
Yeah, that's right.
They have the Superman and Superman, Batman and all.
I again, I don't mean to turn this into a Disney podcast, but whatever.
It's an off night tonight anyway.
Here's the thing.
I think if Disney ever does do a third gate in Anaheim, which they have the space for,
but it would mean California Adventure has got to be successful.
I think if they do a third park, they might do like a third park about like Marvel stuff
and it could even be a thrill ride park to compete with Magic Mountain.
But I don't know.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
And the Disney doesn't really have thrill parks because they're not very family friendly,
but I don't know.
I think one could be successful there.
I think that's what kind of California Adventure is kind of, it started off as, okay, we're
going to try everything that didn't really kind of fit in Disneyland.
And now it's like, ah, we need more Disneyland in here.
Coming to our chat room for some comments, the chat.orangelandtrady.com, at least the
chatters are into this tonight.
Tiger Claw says they will bring Electronica back when Tron 3 comes out.
You know, that's a distinct possibility.
I hope to God it's true they're making a Tron 3.
I heard the Bruce Boxliner interview that 2013, and they certainly have loaded it and
set it up for one in the Blu-ray.
So I really hope that does happen.
Dark Tetsuya says Rob should work for Disney Imagineering.
Act Def says if any Disney employee is listening, they should hire Rob as an Imagineer.
Oh, I would love that.
In fact, I would just turn everything into Tron in Tomorrowland.
Hey, I'm down.
Autotopia, Nickatron.
I can Imagineer like Space Mountain Tron.
I can Imagineer like anything.
I mean, just whatever you need, I'll Imagineer.
Build it?
No, I'm not really good at doing that part, but hell, I can imagine all sorts of crazy
things.
Okay, the last thing I'll say on Disney, Frisbee in our chat room at chat.orangelandtrady.com
says and have Rob host the new Disney podcast, Orange Lounge Disneyel.
Well, you know, we've been teasing the idea of a third podcast for a while and I will
say this isn't it.
But one of the ideas that was tossed around was doing like a Disney type podcast.
But the problem with that is that Disney is supposed to be a very family friendly thing.
And we have a lot of very foul mouths around.
So I don't know if the two worlds would combine very well.
I think there would be a niche audience for a Disney mature podcast like, you know, fuck
the kids Disneyland's for me like that would probably be the name of it.
But I don't know how well that would do and how much Disney would approve of something
like that.
So didn't happen.
Disneyland's just something we really like.
So anyhow, let's go back to games.
So we were off for a week.
So we don't have a lot of news in the show world tonight about what happened last week.
But I've got to talk about must say PAX happened.
But I don't think that was really PAX happened and surprisingly not a ton of news out of
PAX.
I mean, a lot of it was seen and so forth.
Yes.
And expansions, a few things like that.
But nothing major.
And I was proven wrong.
You know, games analysts aren't always right.
I thought for sure Nintendo would announce those games, Xenoblade and so forth coming
out here.
They did not take the opportunity to at PAX.
I don't think it's happened.
They didn't do much of anything at PAX, did they?
No.
In fact, I didn't really hear even what they were showing at their booth.
I imagine it was all the 3DS stuff.
That's got to be what they were.
Well, they announced what some new 3DS stuff.
But we'll get into that later.
And then yeah, it's it's pretty and it's funny is they haven't really even announced the
dates yet for the two Mario games on the 3DS.
It's just we know it's November, December.
But you know, they've already announced everything up through the end of November.
Where are those titles?
Oh, well, we'll we'll come back to that, you know, figure it out, you know, see how well
these other games do.
So the big news that happened last week was about a company I've been critical of on this
show in the past.
It was GameStop.
As I like I like Bobby's name for him.
I think I might Jack the name Evil G is what he always calls him on the show.
I might call him that.
But I don't mean to disrespect the people working the front lines at the stores and
so forth.
Because, you know, I understand those of you that make very little money serving the customer
directly are in a very thankless job and my beef with Evil G is not with those people.
Although I some do get a bad rap and I have been to some stores where those guys are a
holes.
But that's not my beef.
My beef with GameStop has to do with a much higher management and some of the ways some
of the decisions they make and some of the ways that they run their company.
And funny enough a lot of that came to light this last week.
I'm sure I don't need to report this I'm sure all of you have heard this or read it on a
gaming blog somewhere.
But if you've been living in a cave I'll kind of sum it up for you.
New game was released last week.
I always say Deus Ex but it's Deus Ex Deus Ex.
And the PC version came out and it was announced on the Internet about two days before it came
out that it was going to come with a coupon so you get the game for free on on live which
of course is the streaming service that everybody laughed at three years ago until they showed
up at E3 and was like no really people you're going to stream these games over the Internet
and it fucking works.
And everybody's like holy fuck it does work.
Now on live's biggest challenge is they have no games like they have very few games on
their service.
But to get a new game like Deus Ex is a big coup for them.
So they want to show off their service try to get more people on on live and get people
buying games over there.
So they put in a coupon some type of partnership with Square Enix where you would be able to
get a free version of Deus Ex on on live with the PC version.
Well Evil G didn't like that because Evil G just recently bought one of these online
streaming companies a competitor of on live if you will and clearly plans to launch their
own service.
So an internal memo was leaked to the Internet where Evil G told their employees essentially
to go open all of the boxes of Deus Ex on the PC take out the code and throw them away.
And that's that.
And so obviously a lot of people not happy to know that the employees opened the product
and took something out of it and then sold it as new and then sold it as new.
Which is funny to me because this isn't a new policy at the G. This is not something
new for them.
We've heard for years on the Internet and so forth about how they open games let employees
rent them and take them home and then bring them back to the store and sell them as a
new game.
Sometimes they reshrink them.
This is nothing new but I guess for whatever reason this is what has pushed people over
the edge and I think what it is is that now it's really something of value came out of
the box.
You know that coupon for all practical purposes was a fifty dollar value although let's be
real I'm sure you can't cross save the on live servers don't talk to the PC yet.
So this on live thing and you're playing your normal version on the PC anyway.
This on live thing is really just a oh neat I have it I play it for five minutes and then
need I saw it I'm done.
Like I bet very very very very few people are truly using that coupon.
But because that coupon you feel like it's a fifty dollar value now evil G has ripped
that out of your hands and you're pissed.
And now there's an issue with the policy that they've been doing for years.
And so this all came to light and it's been really really bad for them.
Here's the surprising thing.
I'm slightly sympathetic towards GameStop.
I actually think it was kind of screwed up of Squeenix to include a competitor's coupon
and not tell evil G what they were doing.
The appropriate response is what GameStop did at the end of the day.
Finally the next day or maybe very late that day they said you know what we're taking this
game off our shelves altogether and we're sending the boxes back to Square Enix.
That's what should have been done in the first place.
If it had been done in the first place none of this would have ever happened.
They wouldn't have had the bad rap.
I mean sure there'd be people to go oh GameStop won't sell Deus Ex on the PC too good huh
but it's not like it's unheard of that a store doesn't sell a certain product right.
Like most RadioShacks don't sell video games.
If you go in there and ask for a copy of a new game on the PC and they say we don't have
it.
Well what the fuck you don't have it right.
You just oh OK I guess I'll go next door to Target or whatever right.
But what it did is it just brought this whole thing to light up.
You mean they're opening new things and then reselling them as new like who the fuck does
that.
Best Buy doesn't do that.
Target doesn't do that.
Walmart doesn't.
Because if you think about it like let's just take it to the extreme here what if they were
say there is some bonus download content that came with a game like say Gears of War something
like that comes with like a map pack or something like that and they say hey you know what we're
going to break open all the copies of Gears of War we're going to take it out and we're
going to sell that map pack separately and then we're also going to sell the game as
new.
So it's brought this policy of theirs to light and part of me of course is doing the Nelson
laugh pointing and going you know I've been telling you guys for a while this is part
of their crap policies and so forth but you know whatever I'm sure people will forget
about this in a couple weeks and continue to buy their games from there.
But it was interesting to kind of see that all come to light and I think the appropriate
response was what happened at the end of the day.
But unfortunately GameStop is too comfortable with let's open new things and then resell
them as new and finally the public was like wait a minute you can't do that.
When I go to Fry's and that's been done there's an open box that's cheaper that I buy because
the box has been opened.
That's the way it works right.
They thought that no one would know.
They thought that no one's going to know that they did this and then on top of that they
also thought hey you know what well and this is actually what they did because they they
made Square Enix apologize to them and they're like oh yeah we're OK with them taking that
stuff back.
Yeah you know why?
Because they're GameStop.
GameStop says oh no fucking you didn't we're not going to sell your fucking games anymore
and they're like oh wait a second we'll go ahead and take those games back we're sorry
we shouldn't have ever done that.
And we as the consumer have given GameStop that monopoly.
Oh yeah.
And if you want that shit to stop you need to take it away.
You need to take that monopoly away.
There is nothing.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
There is nothing.
Why do people go to GameStop in the first place.
Oh because you get a little bit extra download content and stuff like that.
Think about it.
Do you really care if you get an extra skin.
Oh if your hat is orange now instead of green or something like that.
I mean just they're not the only company out there that sells games.
They're not even the best company out there that sells games.
I mean they're just it's just something you know a product you can go to a bunch of other
stores and buy that product and guess what those stores didn't take out the coupons for
on live.
It's because they feel that they have this new service.
Well can you wait and see what's going to happen when that new streaming service comes
around.
That's going to be fun.
I think that it might have been on a Bobby Black Wolf show last week or the week before
someone had called in and said that they had worked at a indie game retail shop and that
they offered much better trade in credit for used games and GameStop did but they could
not get people to shop there because oh if I get the game at GameStop and my green dude
will get a costume code for a slightly lighter shade of green.
And people eat that shit up.
They do eat that shit up and it's sad.
It's sad because that's what they're such a big company now that they can make those
deals and those deals ensure more people come to those stores and it screws everybody else
out and even sometimes they'll be like yeah we want to have the exclusive on that special
edition or whatever or they'll put out some other thing and it's all funded by the publishers
because the publishers will do whatever the fuck they want because they're the majority.
If they don't have the GameStop business they go under.
Yeah if your game's not a GameStop that's a huge coverage of distribution that you've
lost.
I have a comment in our chat room at chat.ornislandry.com Cajudo in chat says in GameStop's defense
Square Enix and OnLive were in the wrong on the coupon side.
Both parties were not in the right.
I actually agree with that and I do think Square Enix needed to apologize to GameStop
because that wasn't cool to include a competitor's coupon.
This is truly a case of though two wrongs don't make a right because who got hurt in
the end?
Did Square Enix get hurt?
Did GameStop get hurt?
No.
The buyers got hurt.
I don't really feel so bad for GameStop because their service is not live.
It's not done yet.
It's not even launched.
It's not even in a beta yet.
I don't feel bad for GameStop because they've been opening shit for years and reselling
it as new.
I understand that but I'm saying there's no reason they should have had to apologize to
them in the first place because it's like saying oh I'm gonna sell this at Walmart.
Walmart's like oh well we're gonna take the code out because we're gonna come out with
our own streaming service five years from now.
Oh well I'm sorry I didn't confirm with you to see if you have a streaming service coming.
I mean big fucking deal yeah you bought a company and you say it's coming out in the
spring of 2012 but is it really gonna come out then?
I mean this thing could be delayed till 2013 and really what?
First off, not that many people buy PC games in the first place and second off, not everybody's
gonna be using that coupon for the free game on OnLive so I just don't know.
If you're worried that your service is gonna be that much threatened by OnLive then you
better figure out some way to save yourselves because OnLive sure got a jump on you.
Alright I don't, go ahead.
They never, they didn't do this with Portal 2 which came with the Steam integration code.
But they don't have, well and actually that does make sense because it's, they're streaming,
they're talking about streaming.
See if there was some sort of streaming copy but that's, but they also have their digital
store that they do sell stuff in.
Anyhow all I gotta say is that as long as the consumer continues to give GameStop the
monopoly this shit's gonna happen but GameStop's scared because they're looking five years
ahead and I think they are a little worried and I think they should be to some extent.
You know stories like this aren't helping it's just pushing digital distribution up
faster and the life cycle of the GameStop store.
Think of it guys, GameStop is going to go the way of Blockbuster in five to ten years.
Think about it.
Digital distribution is never gonna, it doesn't matter.
Just because it's just another segment of the business that's not gonna take over the
business.
And the reason why is because people like physical copies of things.
Some things though people can get away with getting digitally like certain games they,
I don't care about that.
And actually it's kind of the publishers fault a little bit because nowadays hell they're
not even throwing manuals in there it's just a case with a disk in it and that's it.
Alright I wanna get to this week's news but let me do a couple more comments from our
chat room.
After all it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
SonicM88 in our chat at chat.orangelandtrader.com says I also have a good friend who works at
GameStop so I'm a little partial.
And that's in response to something you said earlier.
I go to GameStop for the knowledge.
Their employees always know the most about gaming.
And so yeah you know I think every store is different in that capacity it just kind of
depends and there are I mean like I said at the top my always my beef is GameStop has
never been the front line employees.
It's like any other business.
Some of them are jerks and I don't want to shop at those stores but there are some really
decent people who work at GameStop and that are very knowledgeable about games.
However the bonehead mistakes of management such as what occurred here is just gonna hurt
all those people and it's unfortunate.
And I understand that it's good to have knowledgeable staff at your stores but at the same time
the consumer needs to educate themselves on games.
I mean you don't go blindly into obviously if you're going into a game store you kind
of have an idea of what you want.
I mean and we're talking in a day and age where there's the Internet.
I mean if you want to educate yourself on any about people who come into game stores.
Does Dan want a mic?
People who come into game stores ninety percent of time don't know a dick about what they
want.
OK.
Nothing.
You know what you want when you go into a game store.
But that's because you're an ultra gamer.
Most people come in they're just like oh and they come to you and they're like tell me
what's good.
That's why there's a GameStop.
That's why GameStop even exists because you can't get that at Best Buy because ninety
six percent of people who work at Best Buy don't work in the game section and the two
that do are never fucking there.
The reason GameStop exists it's not that they sell the most games and again it's not like
they sell them the best.
It's just that they're the one store left in the fucking world that you walk into and
it's just all games all the time and if it's any store with a staff that's worth a fuck
everyone there knows about all the games.
Bring it back.
Bring it back motherfucker.
Do it!
Well then those type of people anyway should be shopping at Walmart anyways because they're
you know brainless drones that will just stumble right in to buy any game that you say is good.
Well right but exactly.
Yes!
They're not going to do the difference and all you have to do is educate yourself.
Hey well these people are stupid they're just going to buy whatever you tell them to and
they're like okay.
That's why GameStop exists.
That's why GameStop makes money and that's why GameStop is important because they've
got tremendous pull in the industry.
The people who go to Walmart are either just pointing and shooting and hoping for a good
game or it's someone like you who goes I ain't going to GameStop I'll just stop by Walmart
or Target and hope they have it on the shelf and just bag it.
But for the unwashed masses that's why you hope that you go to a specialty retailer with
a crew that knows about games.
And there's plenty of other specialty retailers out there.
Plan trade.
No no no no no.
Lots of indies.
Right right sure there's a couple.
Look at Sacramento.
How many plan trades do we have?
Do we even still have one?
Folsom's gone right?
Yeah Folsom's gone.
Okay and how many indies do we have?
Three?
A few.
You know there aren't many left and I think that's terrible because I loved independent
game stores.
Oh yeah.
That's the reason I ended up working at GameStop because I was going to use Funco Land at the
moment to teach myself to run an independent game store.
But the problem is is that you know the Akira wave hit and they just engulfed all the other
retailers and what killed GameStop was when they was when they got EB.
Because when they got EB there was no incentive to be a better company because they were the
fucking company.
And now they're only competing on an area where they're so concerned about oh the intangible
competition of this coupon.
Right OnLive was really really competing with GameStop's non-existent streaming service.
Good job guys.
Way to embrace the added value.
I'm sure all two dozen people who keep OnLive because of that coupon are going to never
go to GameStop again right?
Dipshits.
Of course let's also remember that like seven GameStops still sell any amount of PC games
anyway.
Fuck.
I'm done.
All right Dan's rant from the front lines.
He's been there in the front.
And I do think we need to also fairly you know in the chats there's some chatter in
our chat room fairly slap Square Enix on the wrist here too.
They are not without fault in this whole story.
Seriously Final Fantasy 14 what's going on?
It's really Final Fantasy 14's fault when all said and done but no seriously I mean
they do have a responsibility.
It was not cool of them to two days before springing on everybody including the retailers.
Oh by the way we're pushing OnLive in this.
You know that wasn't cool.
Uh you know I think it's cooler than you know say THQ going oh by the way we have this thing
where you have to buy the game new otherwise you got to pay ten dollars to play online
ha ha ha ha suckas.
By the way you need to be connected online all the time to play our game Ubisoft.
I agree and I agree all around.
I think we've given those companies fair razzings where they need to go.
I just want to say this on GameStop and then I swear we'll move into our gaming weeks and
so forth.
It's just like you know I still think the problem at the end of the day although I think
Dan does make a very good point that they're one of the few places left that's all about
the games and the completely clueless can at least kind of have an idea of a place where
to go.
I think even people like that when they hear about this in the mainstream media and it
was on CNN it was on CBS news dot com this was picked up by the mainstream media and
it's funny we have a story later tonight that's going to get into the lols about the local
news and how they can skew stories and so forth.
I think when they do this stuff and communicated to the masses the masses like oh GameStop's
ripping people off well I'm not going to go there anymore.
You know these people that are completely clueless about their games are also pretty
fickle and I think when they find out that there are other options available to them
you know this is this is a great opportunity for companies like Best Buy.
I think Target I'm trying to think of who's been trying to strengthen their gaming lately
I know we've heard the reports about the Best Buy's doing something and I think I want to
say there was a Target initiative too because they were doing buybacks to games and so forth.
In the end of the day this is going to work out really well for them.
It's about seizing this opportunity I think.
So anyhow I think Amazon don't they have new gaming stuff but Amazon's weird because they're
such a huge company but we never see them like they're just out and on the internet.
Well and I think if you listen to what Dana just said about people needing advice on like
what freaking games to buy I think that kind of answers the question as to why Amazon will
never be the only store.
It will always be an option for the people that know what they want for the people that
don't know what they want Amazon doesn't work.
And granted for the people that I would say listen to our show I mean I would hope that
a lot of them that are pretty knowledgeable of games that are coming out but if you're
not I mean there's message boards out there you know hey you know I'm interested in blah
blah blah blah blah you know what games would you recommend that I play.
Dan's yelling from the living room but we can't hear him so all right let's move on.
We talked like for a half hour about GameStop and that whole story last week I want to move
on.
Let's move on into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that you have been playing.
Loki we'll start with you tonight.
So Star Stalker is not here.
How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I still haven't been playing a whole lot of stuff.
I played a little bit more of VVVV and I have all the shiny objects except for one and it's
the probably one of the hardest ones to get.
It's four screens of dodging spikes and then you hit the top reverse and dodge four more
screens of spikes it makes you want to pull your hair out and I just said you know what
fuck it I know what I get for getting this I get the whole game upside down and I don't
give a fuck about playing this game again so that's it I'm done with that game and then
it's still a great game though it was a great game yes but and I understand it's supposed
to be really hard but it's just like I don't care I don't care it's like they're like ha
you have to go through four screens jump over this one little like ledge that yes I get
it my character can't jump but he can reverse gravity you think if you have the technology
to reverse gravity you can I don't know step over something but of course you know whatever
rules of the game so okay um but yeah I'm just not playing anymore because I don't care
to get to some secret laboratory or whatever that's got you know some bonus stuff I don't
care about whatever um played more Earth Defense Force inside Garmageddon I have my first character
leveled up to tier eight my tactical guy and I guess gotta start working on some of my
other characters like my trooper jet and was it battle so very fun game still and hopefully
gonna be playing a little bit more co-op on that because I haven't gotten a chance to
lately been playing lots of Grand Theft Auto still still fun still trying to win as many
games as possible so I can get my ranks up because I not playing for about six months
drop me about 30 30 ranks in the rank death match so that kind of pissed me off a little
bit but nothing really I could do there just a lot of people not necessarily beating me
but played less game so if they you know have a streak of 10 or whatever counts a lot more
than what I get I have to I'd have like a streak of 30 and if I lose one it's just going
back just as far so it sucks cuz I played so many games and then what else did I play
not much download my 3ds NES games so have those on my 3ds now so played them though
trying to play something else on the iPod now that's pretty much it all right so pop
how was your gaming week mostly World of Warcraft a lot of World of Warcraft at the Flint's
arcade at Disneyland I got to play our type in an actual stand-up machine just as hard
as it is on the Super NES and every other incarnation of our type that's ever existed
also the classic I think this even this may even predate Street Fighter 1 by Capcom which
was an awful game but Konami's I think it's kung-fu master if anyone remembers that game
you're the little guy in the little white g with the black belt does you mean you are
kung-fu or something like that isn't yeah it's a tsunami fighter and these you are kung-fu
and like the big like yeah and I think the very first villain or combatant is like this
big chunky dude bald-headed that that game I'm I used to play the hell out of that game
at the pizza parlor when I was in junior high because you know we all played video games
at pizza parlors back then so yeah those two games were what I focused on it at Flint's
arcade there wasn't a lot there that really you know struck stuck out to me if they had
they had gauntlet and a bunch of other stuff but I've been checking out the games on Google
Plus because they just got their gaming API added and I've been playing believe it or
not a game I've had a lot of disdain for the Apple Store playing it on the iPad going I
don't get this why is everyone losing their mind over this game angry birds I'm playing
it right now actually on Dark Sakura's machine why oh that's very appropriate for not being
here why why angry birds I don't understand the allure of this game why why is does America
have and I'm assuming the rest the world to this sick fascination with angry birds it's
boring I don't know I I I am with you I played it it was alright it's kind of neat you know
yeah it's a physic puzzler and you launch birds in the things you need I but I don't
I'm not obsessed about it I like it was like it was alright you know it's cheap iPod game
as far as these iPod games go I like cut the rope but I wouldn't buy the guy on a t-shirt
and I've literally like while I was at Disneyland I saw like a ton of angry birds t-shirts they're
making a fucking movie based on this why why oh I know why because Hollywood's really run
out of ideas I mean it's like let's make a game I don't know if it's in our show role
but we've able is making a movie based on some like a doom clone no I didn't make our
show role because I saw it label and I was like it's like some doom clone it's like you
would never know it you know I didn't realize this obscure game is it's basically excuse
for him to make a zombie movie he's like okay what games a zombie thing okay I'm gonna base
my movie on this all right but we're we're we're digressing so slices pop you're playing
angry birds right now justify yourself look at your life look at your choice I know it's
it really takes just no brainpower to play this game you have unlimited retries you just
fling birds at shit until you kill all the pigs that's the whole game I know I have no
room to talk and there's a game I've been playing this didn't hit the pig when I aimed
it high so let's name it no and try it again no I did it and then like you're you know
it's now 3 in the morning and your iPhone is out of battery life I don't know I don't
get it but yeah I'm that and also I need to look up the name of it there for those
listening who enjoy bust a move or puzzle bobble it is as it is more appropriately called
there is a clone of that game on Google Plus called a ripoff of worms right there I'm not
sure but at the monkeys in it it was that monster world that character looked hideous
that was like a that was like a divine but not like a like Charlie the tuna dressed in
drag what was that like a monster world or something like that forget it it's called
for it's called bubble island and there's this little raccoon and he's like it plays
exactly like puzzle bobble bust a move so if you like like those games and have Google
Plus and you want to you can't really spam the shit out of people on Google Plus and
also Facebook has copied that format it all goes to a totally separate tab if you want
to support indie art or indie developers all they can do is make fucking clones of really
awesome games just you know the cash in then go right ahead is that iPhone developer game
loft or whatever they they thrive on ripping games off and they do it really well yeah
but that's that's the thing they do it really well I mean and to the point they fucking
got wow on an iPhone it's pretty pretty amazing I gotta say it's sad it's like you know it
would be like having Spielberg doing remakes of something we have we have some Angry Birds
defenders in our chat room at chat.com and every gamer does get a voice here act-def
says Angry Birds is fun not the best game ever Izzam says Angry Birds is just something
you can let your mind go numb on and waste time with Kaijuto says Angry Birds is the
best we all love to knock down stuff act-def says Angry Birds is fun because of the cute
destruction it happens in the game it's also like a puzzler so people like to knock things
over yeah I guess that's the allure of Jenga I don't know all right so Angry Birds fine
anything else Angry Birds wow the two games at Flynn's arcade and that oh um I play your
3ds when you're at work and I'm bored so what games on 3ds uh Metroid Ice Climbers uh Zelda
2 oh the ambassador games yeah the master were you kind of doing that thing where you'd
play them for five minutes and you go yep it's Zelda and then switch to another game
yeah do you feel yourself needing to yell at Zelda 2 so why is this game so damn annoying
and games like that were easier when I was nine I don't know look look look there it
is like that it's not did you see that character like what the hell was that was that called
Monster Island it was like Charlie the Tuna in drag all right um all right so I guess
that's it for your yeah see wild ones that is a fucking ripoff right yeah that looks
like a worm it's a panda bear with a gun how could that game not be good all right moving
on I want to talk about my gaming week of which actually since you know I was out of
town I don't have a whole lot to talk about Flynn's arcade I played Frogger I don't know
why much much to Loki's dismay I love to play old school Frogger in an actual don't get
me wrong old school Frogger is cool I just don't see the need of the constant remakes
of Frogger I'm with you there because they weren't good and I played Donkey Kong Junior
like I've just been I don't know like I wanted to play that in the arcade hella bad and then
finally you could download that on your I know ironically enough that ended up being
one of the 3ds ambassador games and I played it there too and one of my whole like fun
it but it's funny I played it not even a day after I played the arcade version and I could
really see the difference like right away not like graphically but just in how the game
was a little easier on the NES than it was in the arcade that's for sure but that's you
can't like if you fall even a little bit from one platform to a platform that's underneath
you you die yeah you can't there's no yeah has to be you can do like a slight fall but
not not because I'm thinking it's like Mario where if it's not a pit where it just goes
off the bottom of the screen you can just jump down there no you're you die no yeah
so been playing some 3ds ambassador games as well played Metroid probably the longest
out of them all actually played Metroid for a little bit so that was kind of fun I do
loves me some Metroid and as far as other real games go I'll tell you what the game
that ate up the most of my time that wasn't wow was Civilization 5 I played an epic multiplayer
Civ 5 match over the weekend it went on for six hours me and two of my friends from the
Bay Area started up a game at 8 o'clock on Friday night and it was like 2 15 in the morning
and we were like oh my god it's like after one we should probably like go to bed so we
need to save the game and I don't even know if we're gonna be able to recover from the
save because like I couldn't save the game only the host could save the game so I really
hope we are able to restore from that save gamer it's gonna be very sad but at the same
time it was a lot of fun and just goes to show how freaking addicting that game was
but it was it was neat like I found that my two friends are very expansionistic whereas
I'm more about get five cities and make them just fucking fortresses and build them up
as best you can it's the year you know 1700 and they have laser beam technology or whatever
yeah actually yeah we had riflemen in the year 1500 we had to end the game around like
1600 of course we were on kind of dumb dumb difficulty because we didn't want the computer
to kick our ass too much so I don't know I just I love Civilization and the Civilization
series and Civ 5 is my favorite since the original so nothing will ever top the original
to me because I'm just stuck up that way but Civ 5 is pretty freaking great and I'm having
a lot of fun playing that online and I want to like do that again any iPhone games you've
been playing um tiny tower which whatever shut up don't don't taunt me I will say this
I've also been I besides Civ 5 and stuff and light light console stuff here and there keep
in mind guys my Xbox is still out of commission remember the hack it's been three weeks I
need to call Xbox tomorrow where's my money if they're even open it's Labor Day I don't
know so I only really have a ps3 and I was gone for most of the weeks that's why my gaming
week was a little bit sad but I will say this on Facebook speaking of sad I've got sucked
into sim social hanging my head in shame allowing I'm shaking my head in shame I know smh smh
it's just it's I will say this it's a pretty darn good ripoff of the sims and you know
I think everybody got addicted to the sims at some point not like there's definitely
varying levels of difficulty but okay why are you giving a big thumbs down slash spot
it was like a year maybe even two years after the sims one which came out what 2000 2001
came out it it had beaten mist as like the top selling pc game ever I played it for a
weekend I did not get it I thought it was so boring and I have not looked at the sims
franchise since and that was 10 years ago wow no I just I don't think people get sucked
into it like Jamie level Jamie plays a lot of sims but you know I played the first one
for a couple weeks and thought it was a lot of fun and you know kind of got sucked into
it and the lives of my little sims and now they have it on Facebook and of course here's
the thing I think they've done a good job of translating the sims into a Facebook game
even though the whole energy thing is very limiting but what can you do the game's free
you know there's got to be some limits but here's the thing I think sim social is also
like everything you fucking hate about a Facebook game is in this game like the spam on people's
walls and ask all your friends for a cookie or whatever and all this stuff like it's just
bullshit like how much this game fucks up your Facebook wall and this is why people
hate Facebook games like I really want sim social to be on Google Plus because I don't
think it will be because it can't be as invasive on Google Plus you're grinning over there
salacious pop yeah I have I have not added sim social to my Facebook in any way so it's
I don't technically have it installed or whatever it's called but if I go to my games tab on
Facebook there's at least 10 people that I know very well in real life that are like
join sim social and send me a little fluffy pillow because I'm trying to renovate my living
room and I need it for my couch send me a pillow and I just want to say like no I'll
send you fire to burn down your goddamn house stop bothering me they actually do have fury
anyway but yeah this is why people hate Facebook games it is the fastest growing game since
Farmville though it's the biggest it's going to be the biggest Facebook game since Farmville
I guarantee you don't you have to like mow your lawn to earn points yeah you can crop
all the grass and you have to you have to do that like if you don't want to actually
take care of your real lawn in real life you can mow your digital lawn well it's just like
okay not to get too tangeny too late but we went to go visit my mother this week because
it was my dad's birthday and you know my mother's a very animated character and she was talking
about her friend that plays Farmville right and what was she telling us about her friend
like her friend is afraid to leave the house she was going on vacation and she had to give
her daughter because I think this was a retired aged woman had to give her a 70 year old woman
had to get her 71 had to give her grown daughter her Facebook password so that her daughter
could log in once or twice a day to click on all of the farm to feed her chickens to
feed the chicken or they might die yeah she didn't want her farm to lose the progression
of points when she was on chickens yeah Farmville chickens I mean that's like what these games
have become to some people and if the chickens ever do die she could just take out a credit
card and buy five dollars worth of Zinga bucks and just respawn her chickens that's how they
make money yeah taking advantage of I'm very I'm very proud of my mother for not getting
sucked into all that she does she always she's very staunch I'm not getting on Facebook no
one wants to see my face but I don't know if I should say this on the show but she she
got she's on don't ask do not ask me she's on Twitter she got a Twitter account and she
asked me how to upload her picture to her Twitter account and she's following like Rosie
and and what share and stuff on Twitter and it's really cute but yeah she doesn't want
me I told her I would plug her Twitter and would get her some followers but she doesn't
want it she doesn't she she gets creeped out by people following so don't try to find her
guys she doesn't want to be found so but she's she's on there and it's really really funny
so I'm proud of my mother for finally embracing technology because for the longest time she
was one of those people that thought the CD-ROM drive was a coaster why are you paying two
hundred bucks for the coaster so anyway let's move on then that's it for our gaming weeks
housekeeping join us on Facebook if you are on Facebook you can follow orange launch radio
we'll spam your wall not really we'll just we'll just tell you when new shows are posted
and get updates and so forth and you can you know like us and help spread the word facebook.com
slash orange launch radio we are also on Twitter at twitter.com slash olr you can find us there
on Twitter so I guess that's it let's get into this week's gaming news after plenty
of talk of last week's news and our antics this week let's finally talk about what's
going on this week Loki this weekend was the call of duty XP event in LA it was kind of
their call of duty con if you will where they were talking about the new elite service and
also the hardened edition of modern warfare 3 so the first thing we're going to talk about
real quick is the hardened edition which thankfully this year it is only one special edition no
prestige this time around no RC car that's way overpriced or some cheap ass night vision
goggles that really are just some toys this time you get basically the game plus is a
field guide that it's over a hundred pages some avatar clothes or did you know animated
theme if you're on a PlayStation Network also one year of call of duty elite membership
which is apparently a $50 value and all that's gonna run you 80 bucks and I have to say you
know I did watch the least a part of their streaming coverage of the one they're talking
about the multiplayer and the elite service and I gotta say man they they really have
got their shit together as far as how to do an online community and how to give the fans
what they want for that it's it's kind of interesting because like you know what they're
not going to do too bad without infinity Ward I mean the old infinity Ward there's still
infinity Ward but in the game out but it's not all the old people from infinity Ward
but they got their shit together as far as online community and that's really what's
going to stand them apart from battlefield 3 elaborate a little more like why why is
it so awesome well there's a bunch of stuff to the offer for free and it's all on this
basically you can create clans you can you can it links in with Facebook you can find
your friends on Facebook and build to play games with them you can join up groups that
are necessarily like say for example I'm a fan of the Giants or something like that I
can play with other Call of Duty players that are fans of you know the San Francisco Giants
or whatever so nothing I'm a Giants fan I hate sports but they have that kind of stuff
they have where you can break down you can see what other players loadouts are like say
for example you you know playing against somebody and somebody kills you and you can see you
know you can pull up all this information all the hotspots on the map you can see what
their loadout was you can try their loadout if you want you can create your own game modes
you can upload those share them with friends they can tweak them they can you share them
back again you can capture 30-second clips and post them up in HD to share with friends
you can compete in tournaments you know for real prizes that of course that's the paid
service and they're gonna have different tournaments based on people's skill levels so it's not
gonna be just all you know crazy Call of Duty elite players and stuff like that they also
with the elite service you're gonna be able to get all the download content for for free
and you're gonna be able to get it first so they're gonna put out download content every
month instead of every quarter like they normally do everybody else you know that's not paying
for the elite service or doesn't buy the hardened edition you have to pay for that separately
and that's 60 bucks if you were to buy all that on top of you know the membership or
without the membership I guess so lots of it just is interesting and lots of different
you know game modes and basically just kind of they retweet you know their whole perk
system and stuff like that and it just sounded interesting for someone that I'm not really
into the series at all I mean it's just for me it feels like if I hadn't been playing
the first one and haven't been playing solid like you know like I do with Grand Theft Auto
I'm don't really feel comfortable playing Modern Warfare 3 you know I probably could
it's just you know some of those players play you know Call of Duty like I played Grand
Theft Auto so yeah DDR Dalla Billinor Chatham is with you I'm just not interested in the
Call of Duty series so you know and I'm not really into those games as well but I can
also see I recognize that they're huge games in the industry and that more importantly
where this succeeds other games might follow do you see something like this coming to other
games I hope so I would love this for like Grand Theft Auto it would be awesome there's
not that many people that play Grand Theft Auto multiplayer which I hope changes with
the next one but you know whenever that may be sooner than you think I think next year
for sure but I mean it would be great I would love that kind of stuff and they kind of had
something sort of like that with the whole social club with Rockstar Games and stuff
but it's not really in game it's more of just you go to a website and you can interact all
the stuff whereas this is actually in the game you can do all that before with Black
Ops I guess you could do that on the website but now it's actually in the game and you
can do everything you can on the website which is pretty awesome so yeah I hope I hope they
do that and I mean if it as long as it delivers on what they say because honestly prior to
this information I would have said Battlefield 3 is probably gonna be the better game and
I still think you know they're two different types of games but I mean it looks Battlefield
3 looks really good so if they have you know some decent multiplayer you know community
features and stuff like that it still might be you know a toss-up between the two but
don't you think most people just end up with both probably you know what and there's nothing
wrong with that you don't have to draw you know pick sides or anything I mean this isn't
a competition it's just it's a competition between develop or you know publishers and
developers and stuff but when the players come involved it just whatever buy what you
want I mean this is you don't have to make a choice it's whatever so some other things
they talked about go with the elite stuff real quick mobile apps they're gonna be putting
out some mobile apps so you could check out what your friends are doing and make all those
tweaks and stuff on your iPod or iPhone or your Android or whatever PC so they're gonna
have that as well other fun stuff let's see here's the basically the bonuses that they're
gonna offer customers the first subscribers will get a year's worth of download content
for modern warfare 3 and they're saying it's over 20 pieces of content and they're gonna
be putting out monthly content drops instead of quarterly and they'll include new maps
new game modes with you know the value being 60 bucks elite subscribers will have access
to daily and weekly competitions and events which will offer both real and virtual prizes
subscribers will be able to level up their clans in competition so that's kind of cool
and and also see they'll have eight times more video sharing capacity than standard
users they'll have access to expert strategy and analysis including tips on guns maps perks
whatever that was one of the other things I kind of liked is you can level up your preferences
on different weapons so instead of just leveling up your character if I use like a p90 all
the time I would get skills you know be able to put scopes on it or whatever you know different
modifications which is kind of cool they're gonna have elite TV which is this like premium
service thing it's gonna have different different like shows I guess like Friday night fights
which they're gonna I guess it's being produced by Ridley and Tony Scott and they're gonna
put like different rivals like okay they're this one week is gonna be like Democrats versus
Republicans or something like that and so you can watch the games play out and that
kind of stuff they're gonna have noob tube I guess which is some clips or whatever that
are gonna be kind of they're gonna have people making commentary on them including Will Arnett
and Jason Bateman they're gonna be smack targeting over I guess user created videos from the
game so I mean that's kind of cool and that's definitely unique content I would say but
you know is it for everybody you know is it for like someone that you know like me that's
not really in the call do you serious yeah probably not but it's it's definitely some
stuff to kind of go hey that's kind of you know I'll have to check that out and a lot
of this stuff was for free you know you don't have to buy into the subscription there's
a lot of that stuff that's already available for free and if you want that additional stuff
later on you can buy into it I guess or buy the hardened edition you get all that for
free and then finally the announced of course you know with a big game like that they're
gonna be doing an exclusive Xbox 360 bundle it's gonna come with a modern warfare 3 branded
console and couple controllers 320 gigabyte hard drive also custom startup and loading
disk sounds and that'll be I guess they're also gonna say those controllers are also
available separately for 60 bucks and they're gonna be doing a new headset which is also
coming out non-branded modern warfare 3 for 70 bucks that also is a Bluetooth headset
and those are the new Microsoft headsets now be coming out for $3.99 probably around the
same time as this the system. Interesting comment on our chat on chat.org.com ddrdollarbill
says should this shit really be taken that seriously and cyberbeast says to some people
yeah and I'm kind of inclined to agree with cyberbeast because I think I think everybody's
kind of got their thing even in gaming you know like I'm sure some folks paid an insane
amount of money to import those plastic instruments from Japan and the Bomani games that came
with that or a World of Warcraft game comes out in a limited edition that has you know
the uber book and soundtrack and all that stuff and people sign up for that and they
have premium services as well I mean I think either you have your thing or none of it's
really interesting to you you play a variety of games and like I said the $50 a year may
not be your thing especially if you're already paying for live you know that's already money
out of your pocket but a lot of the services on there are free so I mean check out at least
a free portion of it because why not I mean if you're playing it it sounds like it'd be
a good value but I don't really think a lot of people need expert tips or need to watch
Will Arnett make fun of videos I mean no one really needs that right and the download content
bonus is kind of cool because you're saving some money if you're planning on buying all
the download content I mean they're just trying to make money on the digital end because they're
making a lot of money on the digital side and then once again you know the the only
thing that kind of leaves a sour taste in my mouth would be you know the fact that this
company puts it out as Activision so yeah it's like yeah I really want to support Activision
I will say that you know again I'm not really into the series but I'm looking at the screenshot
of the you know hardened edition that is a lot of crap for a game that's a lot of crap
but I guess if I was really into this series I'd probably buy it I don't know if there's
a limited edition for Skyrim I'm probably gonna get it you know we all have our things
yeah there is it comes with the map they actually sign me up there's actually is kind of funny
the limited edition for Lord of the Rings war north comes with a an arrow quiver a leather
quiver wow that's awesome also of note it sounds like this Call of Duty Expo thing was
kind of a success for them too oh yeah I think so I definitely will be doing next year so
very interesting whatever the next game is all right well let's shift gears a little
bit and talk about Nintendo they are doing an event of their own now you know Tokyo doesn't
or excuse me Nintendo does not usually participate in the Tokyo game show hey they don't usually
go and this that's no new news they're not going this year either but they are going
to be doing a special press conference it's gonna take place on September 13th and that's
two days before the Tokyo game show now some folks are kind of reacting to this with what
could it be this could be a new 3ds maybe because there's always there's that rumor
going around right now that there's that 3ds is supposed to have a second analog stick
and all that stuff to which I say no no no that can't be true I mean it might be true
Nintendo's always working on something all the game companies are working on something
you bet you you bet your ass Sony's I station for it even though they're not sure that's
gonna piss off a lot of people and you think you think that price drop pissed off a lot
of people putting out a new system with six months you know with the holidays still to
come I have no doubt Nintendo is working on the next 3ds model for 2012 or 2013 they're
not gonna be okay let me put take it from the like the PSP they're not gonna add another
second analog sick because now you're gonna have games they're only gonna work on the
one system and not the old 3ds well there was talk about at having an add-on that would
plug it I don't know how it would work but it would plug into the existing DS and give
you the extra analog stick it could work it could work I could see how they could do it
you could plug something into the back of there like what the charger usually goes and
kind of have it reach what you're grinning that reminds me of the logitech rumor that
they were making a UMD accessory for the PlayStation go it's kind of funny huh it's I'm grinning
cuz it reminded me that story here's the thing I think people are freaking out Nintendo doing
a press conference before Tokyo game show is nothing new they do this all the time because
they don't participate in Tokyo game show and what does Nintendo have going for them
right now I already told you they're not gonna show the Wii U again I bet you that wasn't
at PAX was it that's one I don't think so that's one thing I did call right they didn't
show the Wii U at PAX something this show they don't have anything it's like a proof
of concept still yeah exactly it's too soon so they're not showing it now either and they're
not taking it Tokyo game show and it's not this so what else does Nintendo have going
on right now the 3ds so this is probably where they're going to announce what we have to
look forward to in 2012 whatever that might be I don't know it's probably too early to
say so but I don't think a redo of the 3ds is one of them now if here's what I am here's
what they could do is if it's true that they're going that direction they could announce the
plug at this Tokyo like whatever plug is going to give you that second analog stick they
could announce that and if that's announced then you fucking know what a new systems coming
out in 2012 but I just my gut tells me no I think they still have to really prove this
for you know it's kind of like one of those they've they've put it out there they need
to stand behind it it's not good why why why would you do that because that's basically
saying you know what we fucked up we should have put a second analog stick on there no
you can't do that six months out you know you just say you know what damn it you know
we should have put a second analog stick on it well our next console is going to have
to have one you know it people will live I mean the PSP did just fine one analog stick
granted it's suck you know that they're you know some games have to use the buttons to
have a second analog stick but you know what we can use the touchpad as much as I hate
doing it as a second analog stick or just make games that don't require a second analog
stick gripper oh one in our chat room says pretty assuredly he's she he says it's a mother
collection for the 3ds hi I wish my friend I don't think so yeah yeah they're gonna be
announcing that also it's gonna be bundled with last story and you know I I would say
so they're probably just gonna like focus on Kingdom Hearts maybe give a date for Kid
Icarus and some of the stuff we already know about and maybe like a new Nintendo we have
it there right now are no dates for Kid Icarus and the two Mario games well then maybe that's
what we're gonna hear we're gonna get some dates finally I think that's what you're gonna
get out of this and maybe a teaser of some Nintendo franchise coming back on the DS in
2012 I would think like zero the fanboy in me really wants to say f-zero but not with
Mario Kart still not out fan f-zero is still a ways out Pikmin seems like a pretty logical
choice some type of Pikmin game or like a Donkey Kong on the on the 3ds they those seem
like very logical candidates especially Pikmin Actraiser 3 he's trying to do to me don't
troll me all right other speaking of we screwed up so forth the ambassador program some more
details came out on that we kind of referenced it at the top of the show but if you didn't
hear the free Nintendo games are now available to those that bought the 3ds they came out
a little early actually they came out the night before they were supposed to and I think
that's because it was the first in Japan it was like the you know the 31st of August here
and the full list of games that you can get for free NES games Super Mario Brothers Donkey
Kong jr. balloon fight ice climber Legend of Zelda Metroid NES open tournament golf
wrecking crew Yoshi and Zelda to the adventure of link those are the games that came out
Yoshi by the way is not Yoshi's cookie it but it's a different puzzler it's it's kind
of crap it's the one where Mario was on the bottom and you can flip the things around
and you line up the characters and a little Yoshi eggs it's bad I played it I was like
oh this was not a good puzzler game they kept trying to it's like they had really good success
with Tetris and then dr. Mario isn't it a columns clone and columns isn't very good
either I guess it's kind of like columns but not really Mario's at the bottom and he flips
these platters around and that's that's what you're doing but I don't know I don't want
to talk too much about Yoshi it's not worth your time they really should have just done
dr. Mario see ya but you have five I would say in that list you have like five epic Nintendo
games Mario Brothers Zelda Zelda to Metroid and out of Donkey Kong jr. balloon fight an
ice climber probably one of those you go that's epic too is something that speaks to your
interest and then the rest of those stinkers but you know whatever again but whatever I
don't think I still I still to this day say Nintendo really didn't have to do anything
yeah so for them I mean when you early adopt this is the risk you take and so I think it's
neat that the games are out and that I didn't have to pay for them and I look forward to
the advanced games as well but having metroid in my pocket is kind of rad not gonna lie
it's kind of nice so looking forward to seeing how that multiplayer and all that stuff pulls
out because it might make a game like ice climber way more fun to be able to like actually
play that are they adding that later on I think so they were supposed to be doing that
for the NES like same room multiplayer but no longer with the cords that you had on the
Gameboy old school and all that and then of course as I already mentioned there are rumors
about a redesigned 3ds it's coming from a French website 01.net and normally you would
write that off as oh well who cares it's just some website to know what they're talking
about however I believe this is the same website that talked about what else did they blow
the lid on before they broke the Wii U and they broke the PS Vita and those specs so
it's kind of one of those they were right on these so take this early this but that's
where the whole rumor of the second stick comes from this the second analog stick rumor
for the PSP original plague to that console for years and years and eventually there were
leaked photos of what if they were all fake I can see him doing if they want to do like
an Excel or something like that that doesn't piss me off big deal so it has a larger screen
you know I'll I'll get over that but you know the change it so much to where oh we're gonna
play a second analog so come on that's that's gonna piss people off yeah it's like the expression
you've made your bed now lie in it you know Final Fantasy 14 and they're not just coming
out with a new game yeah I mean it's just like well shouldn't this been part of the
it's just like it's not as bad as like Wii motion plus or something like that but it
is pretty bad it's like yeah we really should have had these extra sensors in there but
we want to drop the crap you know the cost of this but now we're just like yeah we're
gonna fuck you guys so um what made him change their mind though if this is true I still
I mean I realize this website has a record and so forth you know people have said the
same thing about us like why believe them when we were right on something early but
um I don't know I there's still a big grain of salt I'm taking this with but I feel like
well why would they suddenly change their mind maybe it's developer pressure maybe because
the lack of games you know there's been a lack of games in the beginning here maybe
it's because they're worried that they're not gonna be able to you know port the hardcore
games over like some of these first person shooters or whatever the you know like a Call
of Duty you know Modern Warfare 3 is not gonna be able to be on that because we're not gonna
be sitting here after Christmas going there's a lack of games on the 3DS how could you be
you have Mario Kart Mario Kid Icarus all coming out by the end of the year and a bunch of
third party stuff those are pretty strong games and it's gonna be enough for the 3DS
granted it should have been what the system launched with but whatever 3DS is gonna be
in a much better position come December than it is currently you know what I mean like
it's like I feel like this whole like there's no games for 3DS that's that arguments gonna
get old at the end of the year and it's gonna be difficult to you know I wouldn't think
that they would announce like a revision to their system right before the holiday yeah
what that would be shooting yourself in the foot for real that would be just dumb of them
to do but again like I said a minute ago they could be working on that and this French website
might be right but that doesn't mean that's what they're announcing before the Tokyo Game
Show Nintendo always does a press conference before the Tokyo Game Show because they don't
participate I'll tell you what they're doing they're doing some sort of bundle it's like
oh look it's a Mario console with Mario okay yeah that makes sense I'm with you yeah absolutely
did they already announce something like that really and that's a red console but yeah I
bundle makes sense perfect sense and I think I think there will be a tease of a new game
in 2012 yeah we still have that Smash Brothers game and I want to play and this is weird
I want to play that Lego City stories because that is fucking Grand Theft Auto I recognize
Grand Theft Auto I played enough Grand Theft Auto to know what Grand Theft Auto is and
that's fucking Grand Theft Auto and it also has the same moniker as the PSP Grand Theft
Autos hold on a minute you don't care that it's Lego though and it's made by rockstar
games I'll play that shit all right fair enough by the way we have some comments in our chat
room going back to talking about the games that were in the ambassador pack let's see
balloon fight act F says balloon fight is awesome and Sonic m88 says I love balloon
fight and orange right says balloon fight is only good for balloon trips there's there's
a lot of love for balloon fight in the chat and some some some in the middle of the road
but yeah balloon fight if you never played it is basically Nintendo's joust ripoff you
know joust the game where you you'll flap a little birdie it's like that but with balloons
but yeah what made the game stand out was that it had this mode called balloon trip
where now imagine joust as a side scrolling game that's what balloon trip is except it
scrolls the wrong way too which is interesting it scrolls the other way but I think it's
I think it's neat so all right so let's move on with some more news so I should pop a former
take to interactive employee is suing them and is also trying to scrape up some other
people that might have the same grievances as him for a class action suit is suing them
for unpaid wages when he was a employee in their quality assurance department which is
based in California and basically saying he worked overtime didn't get paid for it doesn't
really say how he left the firm whether if he was laid off fired or quit but he says
that there's a lot of unpaid wages owed to him and other people in the QA department
that he's trying to get together for the class action suit also in the state of California
they're very strict on if you work eight hour days you have to get a 30 minute lunch like
by law legally they have to give you that and also breaks 15 minute breaks every couple
of hours he's also saying he's saying that they basically said too bad so sad for you
you don't get those lunches and breaks because of crunch time where they had to get a game
out the door so I guess the QA department was written really hard and he's trying to
sue them for the fact that they had that department run with no lunches or breaks and had people
who weren't salary their hours hourly employees not getting paid for their overtime and he
worked he started working there in December of 2006 it doesn't say when he left the firm
and the case the original complaint was filed in June of 2010 so this is already a little
over a year old but legal things are always so slow I always go to snail's pace and it
looks like it hasn't been thrown out or anything so this may actually go to trial you know
he's trying to scrounge up multiple people to both strengthen his case and also to get
the class action thing going I kind of hope it does go to trial because I feel like I've
got nothing else to say on this because I'm not in this dude's shoes you know and it's
one of those cases where I think there's always you know there's three sides to every story
right your side my side and the truth right and so I'm I kind of want something like this
to go to trial just so we can kind of hear like I know we always hear those horror stories
in the industry about you know what these claims he's making totally seems legit based
on other things we've heard from other companies when I worked in a call center when we had
you know like in a call center your your company has these service level agreements like you
won't be on hold for more than two minutes all that bullcrap our wait times were like
40 minutes so our metrics were total shit show and I was working 10 hour days and basically
they said we're going to put you down for a 30 minute lunch but if you could only make
it 20 eat fast and you know could you do that because we're really short on call coverage
you know that's the kind of shit they pull in real sweatshop environments like a QA Center
where you've got all of these testers trying to get a product out the door because it has
to go gold in a certain amount of time I think basically what I'm saying is I've experienced
that firsthand where I've worked at a job where management was like can you can you
eat at your desk while working also this is such a tricky scenario because you do want
to say you know yeah stick it to the man stick it to the corporation so forth and these things
should be fair but then you kind of also look at the other hand and go well they'll probably
just turn around out sources to another country because that's unfortunate where a lot of
these jobs are going and I don't want to get too political and so forth but I mean that's
just the world we're in right now you know what I mean and we've even heard of QA jobs
being outsourced and so forth and I at the same time I don't think that it's right that
somebody has to not claim time or you know not say the accurate time they worked or what
have you but I think there needs to be better foresight in the planning of games and it's
oh shock and awe mismanagement in all of these cases right mismanagement bad staffing planning
bad you know what a shocker well yeah it's because the managers they're managing these
employees probably get paid on how early the game is done and they get a bonus based on
that so they want their bonus to be big because it's all about their pocket money and people
fear that if they don't comply you know what and and such pop when you were in that situation
what were you gonna do tell them no well in my case when I had to work the mandatory overtime
I was paid for it but um yeah it's like this is really shitty and I want to walk out of
this building for 30 minutes and clear my head but I can't because they're basically
telling me that I don't get a lunch but I got rent to pay I got to pay bills I'm not
just gonna flip them off and quit your job will end up overseas if you don't do it yeah
so and that's like that's that's the real problem that's and is there an easy answer
I don't know but I guess the the fact that this guy is making such a big complaint it
sounds like this is a pretty widespread you know supported by management abuse of an entire
department rather than you know an ugly week where they had to do sketchy things it sounds
like this was just really and the release the case that he's trying to present is that
they you know it was run that the QA department was run very terribly based on on how long
we've been doing this show or how long you all have been listening in the stories we
read week in and week out about what happens in the gaming world does this lawsuit surprise
anybody any anyone surprised now why not just comes with the industry exactly but does that
make it right no well also um so he he's an ex take to interactive employee the division
that he was in is now called visual concepts formerly 2k sports that held the Sega sports
licenses so I can imagine in a that QA environment if you know EA's BS they're putting out the
new Madden or whatever they need to get their game out in time for what EA is doing so basically
all of the sports games that take two has put out since 2006 those are the games that
would have been affected by this QA department so I could definitely see how you know if
Madden comes out and your game is supposed to come out a week before and you don't make
your gold pressing of it then that's Monday down the drain well let's let's see it go
to trial I want to see I might might I want to see this case defended I want to see what
happens I want to say that for once can we not settle out of court and let's let's do
it the good old American way and waste taxpayer monies on the on an actual courtroom trial
lawsuit because this is something I'm generally I would like to see how this plays out but
it'll get settled they all do yeah if they take this unless this guy's totally full of
crap and he doesn't have the documentation it very well could be and we just don't know
but I think it says something that we look at this and we go yeah not too surprising
right I mean so I think we're kind of saying well this doesn't sound like it's full of
shit I mean it could be in this case we don't know this guy this guy could just be a bitter
Betty but we don't know that's why it has to go to trial so we can find out anyway let's
move on with more gaming news oh yeah well we thought it was gonna be a short show tonight
we're already an hour and a half into part a anyhow we'll go quick on you watch so Sony
is talking smack about Microsoft yeah when when they're are they not basically their
comment is publishers are getting the living crack or living crap kicked out of them by
Microsoft according to Rob Dyer Sony's SVP of public relations yes he is an expert of
everything that Microsoft does basically there is a recent interview concerning Microsoft's
publishing policies basically the thing that he was pissed off about was Microsoft's content
submission and release policy which forbids its games from being released first or with
exclusive content on other platforms so for example titles for Xbox 360 must ship at least
simultaneously with other video game platforms and must have at least or have at least feature
and content parity on disk with other video game platform versions in all regions where
the title is available if these conditions are not met Microsoft reserves the right to
not allow content to be released on the Xbox 360 it's actually interesting for a few reasons
because I know for a fact like was a Dead Space 2 and stuff they had you know content
that was on the blu-ray version of you know the for the ps3 and that wasn't on 360 version
you mean like what it was the HD remake of Dead Space the Wii one that they had you know
the on-rails shooter one they had that and then also I believe on the battlefield 3 might
have something there's is like the original battlefield 1942 I think was supposed to be
on one of this it's a lot of EA games they'll do that where they'll have exclusive thingies
so but we don't know if this is really true or not right this is according to their policy
I don't know of course you know Xbox is defending them they're saying we're a little biased
so obviously we're gonna look to our product or to protect our own space as best we can
and get exclusivity in other words we're gonna bully the shit out of everyone so that we
don't die it's like I think I think what Chris and other representatives at Microsoft are
doing is protecting inferior technology and this is according to that Rob Dyer again if
they I think they want to dumb it down and keep it as pedestrian as possible so that
if you want to do anything on blu-ray or if you have extra content above nine gigs or
you want to do anything of that nature you better sure as heck remember that Microsoft
can't handle that I just bickering ballots it's almost like the exact same story the
salacious pop just read except this time it's not the manager it's Microsoft using their
whole to strong arm developers to get what they want because they're out there in the
marketplace more than PlayStation but see here's here's where I kind of question this
whole thing I have a big question mark about this not just the examples you gave but Japan
Microsoft can't get away with this in Japan no how could they possibly and maybe even
Europe I don't know what the sales numbers look like in Europe but I think you know America's
the only place for the Xbox really dominates the ps3 and that gap is closing I think is
important to note too so this might be Microsoft's way to kind of make sure that the Xbox doesn't
die but it's going to have the reverse effect isn't it like I look at this ago this is just
done this is already if this is already in effect I don't think it's really hurting the
many I don't know it's just but if Sony were to do the same thing who loses the consumer
well that's what here's what you didn't just do then it's pretty simple and they were done
this is you put out free download content you put a voucher in in the game and you get
free download content on PlayStation 3 it falls within all that no here's what you do
you make your game for the PlayStation 3 and fuck the 360 I mean if that's if you think
you've got a good enough game I mean PlayStation 3 is allowed to have good exclusives and they
do have good exclusive souls and little big planet yeah but sometimes it it helps to have
the whole market share of Xbox 360 as well because you know they have more of a market
share than the PlayStation 3 and yeah there's good exclusives coming on to the PlayStation
but I mean if it's that minor of a thing if you're just adding a few extra missions or
whatever you can do is free yellow content it still falls within the requirements that
they want and you can still market it as an exclusive I'm not trying to come off as a
Sony fanboy either because I do love a lot of what Microsoft's done with Xbox I mean
obviously Xbox Live Arcade is something everybody's trying to copy now Xbox Live set the bar and
so forth granted I liked Microsoft a lot more before my account was hacked for 125 bucks
I've been able to play for three weeks but I digress there's a lot of things that Microsoft
does right but the unfortunate thing is this type of act of desperation is almost what
this sounds like I think that quote about trying to make up for inferior technology
really hits the nail on the head yeah it's kind of like they're using their clout in
the marketplace to bring the PlayStation down to their level because they're not capable
of coming up to Sony's level hardware wise perfect example and I'm sure this hasn't been
announced yet rage rages on one blu-ray on the PlayStation 3 rages on three to four DVDs
on the Xbox 360 that sucks it's not a big deal I don't give a shit about this deal I
don't give a shit fantasy 13 was on several DVDs didn't really change the game lost odyssey
yeah wasn't it the atlas game Catherine that came out there isn't room on a 360 360 disc
for the Japanese dialogue with English subtitles so because they can't fit it on the 360 version
they took it off of the ps3 version is that right or else or else the 360 words and what's
gonna sell it think so because I mean I've seen you know ISO rips of that and Catherine's
not that big a game it's like it's 40 45 gigs I mean they've got room but I I just think
they didn't bother sometimes they just don't put the extra language track in there I mean
a lot of video games don't put the Japanese language tracks in sometimes game fighting
games and so forth do but you know the the speech in that is very short but you know
most role-playing games out there don't and I don't have it's not an RPG but most RPGs
don't bother with the second track it's actually kind of really cool when they have it there
you know and you can play in either language but very rare right so anyway I guess we'll
see if this kind of holds out to be I don't I want to say if it holds out to be true but
it I guess we are hearing it is kind of fact but you have some cases where it's not so
yeah I mean I don't know when this one effect if it's just something that they just now
put out but all I know is like I know that there's been titles and I think there's some
that haven't come out yet I actually I know another perfect example for was it of course
now that the titles of disappear Bioshock Infinite is going to have the first Bioshock
game on disk for the PlayStation 3 version not so much on the 360 because they have the
extra space for that but I know EA think had I want to say is 19 Battlefield 1942 I'm not
sure if that was on the PlayStation 3 version of Battlefield 3 but one of these games is
coming out had they did a few of these like that were had like another game on the disk
because they have so much space Microsoft's got to be but I mean look Microsoft's got
to be a little worried because it for the first time in this whole generation of games
where it's been PS3 versus Xbox we were hearing a lot more favorable things about the or about
the PlayStation 3 back in May was a May when Portal 2 and Mortal Kombat came out most people
opted to get those games on the PlayStation 3 and that was really the first time you were
hearing that because you had an extra character on the PlayStation 3 version Kratos right
of Mortal Kombat and when it came to Portal 2 you had the whole steam integration and
a free copy on the PC I mean which wasn't even remotely close to what the 360 could
offer and again I'm not trying to dog on 360 360 is is proven the better system and then
a PlayStation 3 in some cases but you know I think now it's going to a point where Xbox
can't just kind of rest on their laurels of well we were the cheaper system for so long
that more people have Xboxes in their houses than they do PlayStations because that gap
is slowly closing at the end of the day it's going to be the games that speak for themselves
it's going to take developers if these rules are true is standing up to these rules and
saying forget it we can survive as a PlayStation 3 exclusive it worked for Demon Souls it worked
for you know whatever other first-party Sony games are out there and 3d game heroes and
so forth so guys you know in chat says la noir wouldn't have so much DLC if they ran
it on PlayStation 3 only and maybe sometimes the DLC is part of the whole plan we're gonna
get you to pay 60 bucks and then another 20 paid unlock exactly paid unlock content all
right quickly let's talk about a Wii game that's right a new Wii game more information
coming out on it tonight Square Enix is going to be revealing more information about Dragon
Quest on Ustream at 2 p.m. Japan time September 5th that's 10 o'clock Pacific tonight so in
about two hours they'll be starting that event who knows we might still be live at this pace
tonight but they're probably gonna be showing more information on Dragon Quest 10 although
it could be a new announcement they announced a long time ago some of you forgot Dragon
Quest 10 is going to be coming on the Wii they said that back in 2008 but they have
yet to show off anything about the game it's going to be interesting to see if they stick
to their guns and they put this game out on the Wii relatively late in the Wii's lifecycle
because they would have to announce this and really have a date ready to go relatively
soon I worry it's gonna suffer a little bit from what Dragon Quest 8 suffered from and
that was it came out he was on the ps2 right towards the end it was on the ps2 at the very
very end and it's the same thing that hurt Final Fantasy 12 both those games came out
I don't think very far apart from each other and both those games you know for the hardcore
gamer got overlooked a little bit because everybody was putting 360s and Wiis in their
homes and so forth just 360s and other new stuff 7 was ps1 right so they've been really
like those games don't have really come out as often as they used to know and the Dragon
Quest 9 was on the DS obviously and now 10 is you know was announced some time ago on
the Wii because for a while there especially back in 2008 it seemed like the Wii was everything
it's going to be interesting to see if they stuck to that or if maybe one of the announcements
we're getting today is and it might show up on other systems I kind of don't think they'll
do that keep in mind Dragon Quest is still a very Japanese centric game yeah Dragon Quest
9 everyone went clown shit for that game in Japan and over here like people that know
what Dragon Quest is bought it but it wasn't the phenomenon that it wasn't that it was
over there you can I bet your ass it's not coming out on Xbox period it's just not you
know it's a Japanese game and Xbox is not what it is here PlayStation 3 I just don't
think so I don't think they have a need to maybe Dragon Quest 11 probably not Dragon
Quest 10 well I mean different studio obviously but through the 360 did have Blue Dragon which
was by what mist Walker studio and also the artwork was Akira Toriyama who did Dragon
Ball Z and Dragon Quest so there's that connection there it wouldn't be unheard of it came out
on the 360 because we've had a game that looks like it already true true all right so we'll
see what happens by the time most of you are hearing this on the podcast actually we'll
have more information on that so be looking for that on Labor Day by the way just real
quick there is going to be a Dragon Quest 10 trailer in the Wii anniversary collection
I mean this just really strengthens that yes they're committed to the Wii I don't know
if you've heard but they are bundling I think it's 1 2 3 and the Super Nintendo remakes
of 1 & 2 are all going to be on a Wii anniversary debt disc it's very it's like that Mario collection
they did it's like that for Dragon Quest which is cool but it won't be it won't be on the
U.S. to be fair though it's still more content that was on that fucking Mario disc hey Lisa
you know what they put more than one game on there guess what Nintendo you could have
done that those discs they can hold more than a Super NES ROM well it's just 1 2 & 3 I would
have loved to see that rip one meg it's like okay I'm looking for a disc I'm I wish that
anniversary collection would come out in the U.S. actually I really love the first Dragon
Quest game excuse me Dragon Warrior remember so all right anyhow that is coming out by
the time most of you guys hear this so look for it so let's pop a couple weeks ago we
we reported on a story about the video game history museum project and how they were trying
to get the money they needed to get the thing off the ground the video game history museum
is I think it's not like it's just three or four dudes that are running this and they
usually have an exhibit at the classic gaming Expo in Las Vegas where they would have floor
space for their video game history pieces and all the information there and they really
wanted to give this thing a permanent home somewhere in the Silicon Valley near the San
Jose sort of you know the southern Bay Area of California which of course is where Apple
and Google and eBay and all of those companies are located I'm also I think EA is down there
and I'd awesome so that's that's where it's going to be and their Kickstarter was a success
and the story is that they are $20,000 over what they initially wanted I got the oh I
had the Kickstarter page open but I closed it but it's like I think they had 700 donors
and the target goal was 30,000 on their Kickstarter page and now they're at 50 something so yeah
no real update yet as to you know whether like what what the building's gonna look like
or if they actually have a space for it like bought if they're gonna buy the plot to build
it on but yeah they made their money so hopefully within maybe a couple years we'll have a permanent
video game Hall of Fame history museum in California for us to go to why remember kind
of reporting on this a couple weeks ago and it sounded kind of cool at the time so I'm
glad they kind of you know got their kinks worked out what have you so what do you say
road trip actually I've seen their exhibit at Classic Gaming Expo before and it's pretty
cool so I think it's neat that they're kind of going to have a place for this and if you
go to their Kickstarter page which I can find and post into chat if you dare certain landmarks
if you donate 10 20 $50 and so on there are perks that you get once the museum is a reality
like a ticket to admission or something like VIP a ticket to get in first before everyone
else or whatever yeah creative most most Kickstarter pages are like that right right all right
well let's go around the world and check out some release dates and see what is coming
out in a country near you hello and welcome to the fourth quarter we have lots of stuff
for you yeah I know it's not technically the fourth quarter of the year but you know what
no one really counts December and it's on after Labor Day that's when that's when Michael's
is gonna start rolling out the Christmas decorations that's when you know it's on and as far as
the game industry cares it is the fourth quarter so let's start off get fit with Mel B coming
out on the weeds the game has been delayed for God knows come on I thought you said it
was the fourth quarter well there's crap in the fourth quarter Dead Island coming out
they just had another baby she's gonna need to play your own game Dead Island is coming
out on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and PC this week challenge me word puzzles on the DS Junior
mystery stories on the DS penguins in Madagascar dr. blowhole returns again that's on PlayStation
3 Xbox 360 we and the DS resistance 3 on the PlayStation 3 this week driver renegade on
the 3ds driver San Francisco on the PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and we this week no PC yet PC got
delayed to the end of the month I really want to see how fast their DRM gets cracked they're
doing a uncharted dual pack on the PlayStation 3 the first and second game with some download
content thrown in for $39.99 it's kind of cool rise of the nightmares the first M rated
connect game it's by the guys that did the house of the dead series and that's on Xbox
360 Disgaea for a promise Unforgotten on PlayStation 3 and see here junior island adventure please
pop did you know that was coming out are you a Disgaea fan yeah I don't have three yet
so I'm behind but I have one and two on PSP Tiger Woods on PC finally coming out that's
kind of delayed there Warhammer 40k Space Marine on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and PC and
then now one week from today we've got the flame red Nintendo 3DS and of course Star
Fox 64 3D on the 3DS alright yeah it's definitely looking busier this week than it was last
week alright moving over to Japan and looking at the Japanese releases on the Xbox 360 in
Japan this week on the 8th of September biohazard revival selection of course biohazard is their
name for Resident Evil get this it's Code Veronica and Resident Evil 4 on one disk for
the 360 it's pretty cool huh I believe ps3 has a version of that as well so that's pretty
neat especially if you kind of missed out on those get those games also in Japan this
week day sex human revolution on 360 rise of nightmares as well that's a Sega game coming
out in Japan this week on the 360 not sure if this is a port of something we have over
here I'm trying to look at the screenshots real quick but it's definitely a survival
horror game with scary ass clown looking people and all that is that art look familiar to
anyone hey something that's here oh it's a Kinect game that's rise of the nightmare oh
I didn't know that something is out here really yeah it's coming out next week I told you
the first mature rated Kinect game oh it's very bloody got evil clowns yes it does alright
well Japanese gets that Japan excuse me gets that game as well that's on the 360 then going
to the PlayStation 3 and seeing what's coming out there we have Disgaea 4 makes its way
I'm sorry that's a US state sneaking its way in there biohazard revival selection also
comes out on the PlayStation 3 on September 8th deus ex human revolution there as well
Mina no golf 5 gets a move version that comes out this week that's what hotshots golf right
yeah and gets a price reduction overall there is a new console which comes with tales of
Zillia comes out from Namco Bandai this is the newest game in their tales of series it
is written and designed specifically for the PlayStation 3 they're doing a console bundle
to support that in Japan so pretty big week resistance 3 also finally getting its release
in Japan this week moving on to some of the handhelds trying to look at the PSP dates
here Ace Combat X2 gets a price reduction this week otherwise nothing really big on
the PSP this week trying to look really quickly at the Wii Super Sentai Battle Ranger Cross
from Namco Bandai and lastly on the 3DS there's really nothing until the 22nd this month so
nothing to look forward to there alright how about the UK Alan in the UK we have resistance
3 on the ps3 we have Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12 the Masters on Mac and PC blood rain betrayal
on the ps3 Crimson Alliance on the 360 a game by Konami called lead me's if I'm saying that
right LED me es for the 360 I clicked on the link for it and they don't have any xbox live
arcade game okay yeah no content on the page I was looking at other than that the publishers
Konami so it's also connected okay lead me is a Dead Island on PC PlayStation 3 and the
360 now we should die ascension of the Metatron on the ps3 and the 360 and rise of nightmares
with the game we were just talking about on the Kinect also is arriving in the UK on the
9th for the 360 that's it all right very cool we're just a little bit away from the classic
game of the week even though dark soccer is not here we're still gonna do one but first
we have a couple more stories to cover let me actually read a couple comments from chat
because during the release date some of our chatters were talking act deft found the size
of the Mario collection on the Wii that Loki was asking about which is basically the lost
levels ROM right act F says the American version of the game is 13.31 megabytes great waste
of fourth you know was at 4,000 megabytes on a you know over 4,000 megabytes on a goddamn
DVD is seriously that layer don't forget some games like Mario Galaxy and Xenoblade are
doing they should have put on a dual layer that just to be extravagant that this great
there has so little on it you can literally put your fingers and rub it all over the disk
and it would be just fine you know what you could do is if you you know if you were into
the the backup quote unquote you know what I'm saying you could do a GameCube size disc
and put the ROM on that and load it off a GameCube disk but with the we know it was
a we disk I don't know it's just that's pathetic is what it is they really should just really
say no matter why you mad though and then lastly let's see a cyber beast is talking
about I really need the Nyko or Nikko zoom that's the whole thing on the connect and
yeah I got delayed wasn't supposed to be coming a hole would have been out already if it was
coming out in time but it's September now well and Japan's getting it and I I want one
too I it's I think so many people are interested in that and by the way if you haven't heard
of that that's the thing that you can actually put on your connect and it will help a smaller
room be more effective with the we like it's just it's basically like a wide-angle lens
basically for your connect the connect and it's a great idea and I wonder if Microsoft
isn't going to just kind of change the connect because it seems like one of the this is so
badly needed you know so we'll see all right anyhow let's move on with a couple more quick
stories for you guys Loki avalanche the developers behind the just cause series they have some
comments regarding DRM they believe it's a threat to the entertaining experience basically
was it a Christopher Sundberg he said if a DRM system constantly needs to be defended
something must be wrong as a developer you will never win over any fans if you constantly
let everyone know how much it costs to develop a game and how much money you lose I don't
like always on DRM solutions at all since they offer nothing to the consumer if you
continuously give something extra for registering and being online and award them for actually
playing a pain for and playing your game it'd be different but always on DRM says thank
you for buying our game we trust you as far as we can throw you and yeah that kind of
makes sense and I love how Ubisoft likes to spin it oh well you know what if you buy our
game and this isn't even necessarily always on stuff this is I would say going to the
the little codes that you have with your new games where you get multiplayer we're offering
you free multiplayer with this code no you would have had multiplayer in there anyways
but you're being a dick is what it is you just don't want people you know to be on your
online service if they didn't buy the game new whatever I just it's stupid well isn't
it true that when all this DRM stuff kind of the person that loses is the people that
are buying these games legitimately exactly and I I'm very curious and I will definitely
be reporting on that how quickly the DRM gets cracked on driver it will be fast I guarantee
it all right well before we get to the classic game of the week tonight we have a new segment
here on orange lounge radio because you know we just see we see too many new stories that
are like this and so we just need to give it its own segment on the show and it's called
local news making gamers look bad that's right local game for local news making gamers look
bad and for tonight's local news making gamers look bad we're going to go to the station
WSB TV channel 2 and where are they located they're in Georgia but I don't think they're
in Atlanta station I think they're like northern Georgia so we're gonna get to a story that
they ran this week that I captured some of the gaming blogs about pornographic drawings
that were found inside a used Wii game and I know what you're thinking this isn't really
a news story I really this makes it on the news yet no this is this is the whole point
of this segment it's local news making gamers look bad so yes it does have to do with gaming
because it's your local news station oh it isn't Atlanta station it's action news 2 in
Atlanta oh Bobby had had a show tonight he would have been all over this this is in his
backyard this isn't by the way the town and remember this in the back your mind coming
Georgia and that's c-u-m-m-i-n-g like I'm coming right that's exactly where the story
takes place so here we go pornographic drawings from action news 2 in Atlanta when a six-year-old
boy found pornographic drawings inside the box of a Nintendo Wii game the packaging says
it's suitable for everyone channel Napier Viteri is live tonight in Forsyth County with
the discovery parents were not prepared to explain Amy and I apologize for the audio
is very very low on this I might have to fix it in post-production a little bit but again
the local internet news is very not good at equalizing their audio so sorry Jervita Tracy
Turner bought her six-year-old son this game at a local GameStop it says on the on the
outside of the box rated E for everyone but what he found inside is for mature adults
only let's find this one Tracy Turner has a stack of kid-friendly video games for six-year-old
JT and four-year-old Madison the kids are cute I'm not gonna talk bad about the kids
and it's it's cute that they do have these Wii games that they play so her son pick out
this game for their Wii system it's rated by the way it's this the game they're showing
I don't know why they don't name it this is kind of like when the local news here did
the story on us and then never named our station remember that they were doing the story on
podcasting and they interviewed us but they never said it was Orange Lawns radio they
just said these are three local guys that do podcasts about video games never named
it the game that they're looking at here is Mario and Sonic at the Winter Games okay E
for everyone appropriate for all ages but when her son and some of his friends opened
the box the images he found inside were anything but they were extremely inappropriate it was
very of sexual nature Turner showed me the drawings on the inside cover they show sexually
suggestive images and detailed human anatomy my favorite part is that they show and I realize
it's a radio show but they're showing parts of the picture cropped yeah but they're very
cropped so it just looks like it looks like these happy little faces and somebody does
have some artistic talent here it looks like some it looks like someone just drew stick
figures with like a giant dong or something on it with like it with like a sharpie marker
exactly exactly not prepared for to answer the questions of what was going on in the
picture so Turner tells me she called GameStop to let them know what was included in their
merchandise she says an employee thanked her for calling and hung up she even called the
corporate office but tells me she got the same response it kind of shocking because
I expected them to like have a little bit more of a reaction like I did oh my gosh that's
bonus content okay you should be thanking us oh well didn't you know GameStop has the
exclusive with Mario and Sonic at the Winter Games you get free wiener pics with every
purchase how much sex goes on at the Olympics in real life okay I'll have you know that
we should charge the extra for those wiener pics you bring it to us I apologize you know
I'm so sorry you know like let me see you know like something else and we just did not
receive that I took the game cover and went to the GameStop in coming wow this is investigative
journalism and I love this shot of the reporter walking in the GameStop like I'm gonna go
march on in there and get to the bottom of what happened here to the same employee who
took Turner's call she says no one apologized that you just said thanks for letting us know
and then hung up I actually apologized to her five times I also called the corporate
office and someone told me they would get back to me these compelling shots of the reporter
on her iPhone like I'm calling them right now and I'm looking very intently at the phone
motive I just wanted them to say I'm sorry I got an email from GameStop's corporate office
this evening asking me for Turner's information so they can look into what happened further
as for Turner she tells me from now on she's going to buy new games spend a few more dollars
so she can avoid this happening again we're live in Forsyth County Amy Napier-Viteri channel
2 action news Nightbeat that's it it's propaganda propaganda from the developers and the publishers
of these games they're just trying to get people to think you know what if I buy used
I'm gonna get fucking dick pics in my my games buy new no dick pics in new games here's the
thing I I'm not making fun of the mother because she has a legitimate complaint yes she she
really does I mean the fact that it's on the fucking news in Atlanta is a little weird
to me like okay but let's let's be real well let's let's just it's probably one of those
things where she went to GameStop she got kind of like well thanks she got an apathetic
and then so she went to one of those consumer activists you know that things and the local
the local news feeds on that shit the local news feeds on that fucking like call the news
center and and whatever show it is that works and sometimes you know they do they do help
out like in cases of this isn't one of those cases that really need is like yeah that's
unfortunate but but this is just a seized opportunity I mean for local news station
this is really okay look at the what what does she want she wanted GameStop to fucking
say sorry about that man like any of us in the GameStop employees shoes you know what
to say I'm really sorry to hear about that ma'am if you wouldn't wouldn't mind bringing
the game back to the store we'll get you a full refund or we'll get you a replacement
copy Dan you're shaking your head no you disagree get Dan a mic it's like we did get Dan a mic
you disagree that the woman who would have just laughed at her you would have been like
you got a game with drawings in it you're stupid and then hung up damn well that's not
what you would have done I would have actually cop to drawing him would you have done it
in a humorous way though no I don't know I would have had her if she was mad I would
have just told her to bring the game but yeah exactly thank you Dan you bring the game back
and we'll replace the game or give you I would have replaced the game I just would have wanted
to see what was done on the inside of the cover come on yes you would you replace the
game and or give her money back give her a different manual it's it's a used game anyway
like fucking GameStop makes hella money on those games you could have afforded to give
more that's added value that's like a deus ex coupon but better all right you're not
helping Dan no no I never help all right but you know to be honest and now it's on the
local news because she didn't get that apology or that reaction that any one of us with a
shred of customer service in us knows that she should have had just an apology yeah so
it sounds like the GameStop employee that obviously looked at the bass back of the disc
to make sure it was scratched when they took the trade in failed to notice the PP drawings
on the inside cover that the previous owner drew in there when he wanted to get his five
bucks used credit which you know okay wake up call maybe GameStop needs to be thumbing
through those pages I mean I wouldn't have thought to oh I better look through the manual
to make sure no one drew a dick in here you know and to be fair the person who probably
drew it probably forgot it was in there like if you do something stupid before usually
before you sell a game back like remember back when it was cartridges and like if you
name your character cunt like you're going to erase you're going to have the courtesy
probably to erase that file before you say oh all right some of you won't you get yeah
you get a game from blockbuster and it's like boobs butts turd it's like Oregon Trail but
you just name your Final Fantasy six characters after it I'm sorry you know they're like how
old is six and four maybe they wouldn't know what's really going on but I would have like
I would really ha ha that's funny yeah but here's my point guys is that is that this
really isn't a big issue the woman has a legitimate complaint a manager needs to spank an associate
at the front line of game stop here and this this could be done Dan but it doesn't need
to be on the fucking news gamers are dirty ass people though and that well and that's
what this new story is conveyed it's like gamers are all sex crazed maniacs who draw
pee-pees in Mario and Sonic at the Mario's got a pee-pee it gets way better than that
I cannot even tell you the amount of times I was pulling in a system for trade and I
popped open the disk drawer and there was porn in it it was a lot and not like you know
you know fake porn either like real fucking hardcore porn and you're just like really
pal you couldn't have like open it up and pulled your you know your disk out and put
it away I just to get a reaction out of you though you know it was like people they were
always like I can't believe oh my god you know you'd give them the disk you'd wipe off
your hands I swear to god I opened a disk once as a CD case and there was a cock ring
inside I'm not even fucking with you and you can tell cuz it's got that funky latex e condom
smell sort of thing going on oh my god close it is handed back said that's yours drugs
there have been you know joints and shit in cases gamers are dirty ass people so someone
graffiting inside their game cases and forgetting about it that's nothing PSP memory cards were
awesome if you ever audited them the ones that we took on trade I bet you that like
50% of them had porn on them we sold one to a kid once his mom came back she was so mad
at us she's like don't you check this it's like no take it home format it you know if
you're if you're 14 year old decided he was gonna look around on it and keep it on his
PSP that's because he's a 14 year old who's not like LSD or something like that exactly
so so you're saying you're what I'm hearing out of you Dan is that it could have been
a lot fucking worse and this is nothing yeah gamers are skeevy fucking terrible people
you guys all know you are all right we got a new name for the segment here it's orange
lounge radio featuring Dan making gamers look bad I had a friend confide in me that he had
to call Netflix because he wanted to send back his copy of there will be blood or kill
bill 2 and he just accidentally put there will be cock yeah it no case it was like it
was like it was like boner bros 12 return of the skater teens or whatever and he's like
I Netflix hello there's a movie on the way to you and their little return cardboard night
I have the movie here I sent you the wrong thing and they're like oh this happens all
the time we'll send it back how do you make that mistake like I would imagine the pictures
a lot different between you know what what movie was it do you remember it was as far
as a porn as far as porn names go it was not a tasteful one I'll put it that way I'm not
the porn like the actual Netflix movie let's just there's a big difference between like
sense and sensibility and sniffing balls like big difference between what those DVDs probably
look like you know yeah and he was worried that there that the disc web whatever it at
Netflix Netflix is all automated so it would have sent that on to the next person in their
queue and they would have ended up on a local news so he did his due diligence and called
and said there's porn on the way to you but yeah this yeah this stuff happens all the
time doesn't surprise me and I imagine the person who bought the sonic game at full retail
you know was up late at night and like this game is terrible so he took the instruction
booklet he's like here's what I think of this game he just threw a big dick this game is
cock and then he put it away that's why what happened fantastic we need to go back to a
time when gaming was much simpler and easier back before people were drawing penises and
instruction manual I just kidding people have always been drawing penises and instruction
manuals right it's a classic game of the week every week here on the program Dark Sakura
takes a trip into the gaming vault and pulls out a game that she thinks you all should
be playing this week but she's not here so not this week so this week Salacious Pop is
going to take a trip into Dark Sakura's gaming vault and pull out a game that he thinks you
all should be playing this week Salacious Pop what is the classic game of the week I'm
finally giving up the whole Sierra Online classic PC thing I've sort of written that
into the ground so I'm taking it to Lagoon on the Super Nintendo all right let's hear
some music from Lagoon so Lagoon got its notoriety because it was a RPG that came out
near the beginning of the console's life obviously those of us that remember when this Super
Nintendo launched there was Final Fantasy 2 or 4 that was a launch title the really
big heavy hitter RPGs like Chrono Trigger Final Fantasy 3 didn't come until much later
in this in the SNES's life cycle. Final Fantasy 2 wasn't technically a launch title but it
would be that launch window it was it was the Christmas that turn that Nintendo loves
launch window yeah so Lagoon came out within a year or a year and a half when there wasn't
really much in the way of RPGs to play after you've beaten Final Fantasy Lagoon was a top
down sort of think like Zelda style game it was a pretty unabashed Wanderers of Ys clone
before there was a Zelda game on the Super Nintendo it's important to say because Link
to the Past didn't come out till that was like the next Christmas or the Christmas after
and the Ys games which I think came out on the TurboGrafx-16 wasn't a system that most
people owned really so Lagoon is pretty much a clone as it's sort of like Secret of Mana
that style of action RPG I played this game I didn't actually beat it I borrowed it from
a friend and I played it for about a week and had to give it up give it back but uh
yeah the plot is that you live in Wakeland which is a very lush beautiful world of you
know water and everything and this evil wizard has been poisoning the water by the underground
castle of Lagoon which is where all of the magical water comes from he poisoned it because
he wants to raise a big bad demon very cookie cutter JRPG plot line I remember this game
very vividly I love this game too in fact I want to do this classic game at some point
but it's very Zelda-esque and uh so yeah so you of course are raised to be the champion
of light for no reason you're just raised to be this hero that's been prophesized you
know so don't ask questions about the story this is Super NES RPG you are the hero of
light and so yeah so the water's been poisoned the evil wizard has taken the castle of Lagoon
out of from the bottom of the sea and he's made it float up into the sky you have to
go eventually go from village to village and level up and beat dungeons and get treasure
and eventually you go up to the final dungeon the castle and the opening sort of has a sort
of anime intro or as much as you could do on the Super Nintendo and for those of us
that are familiar with YIS the art style they have like the big anime bright eyes that were
that was in Wanderers of YIS so that's kind of how the art direction was a bit just a
competent RPG not really groundbreaking it was kind of buggy a lot the boss battles were
actually pretty hard if you didn't know how to avoid the little bullets that they would
shoot at you so it was difficult until you figured it out this game also came out on
the Sharp X68000 which was a Sharp PC home computer product that was released only in
Japan I was saying nobody had that here yeah that only came out in Japan I think it kind
of bombed there it only had a life cycle of a couple years but this was a game that came
out for that esoteric system so I'm sure that Dark Sakura would like that it was published
by Kemco who also put out a lot of the Warner Brothers Bugs Bunny and Snoopy games I believe
they also did the Drakken games Drakken and Dragons view yeah and that was one of the
also another Super NES RPG where it was kind of your option if you were an RPG freak like
me your options were limited I had Drakken my parents bought me Drakken when I got a
Super Nintendo for that Christmas I got Super Mario World because it comes with it and Drakken
because that was the game that the Sears person told them to buy or Montgomery Ward or wherever
they bought my Super Nintendo so yeah so Lagoon if you've never played it it's a competent
top-down action RPG that a lot of you know gamers my age ended up playing just because
you know any port in a storm and it wasn't terrible by any means one additional audio
clip that I wanted to have you play is when you kill the boss you know you just hack and
add in a dies it had this this sort of shriek that played when you killed the boss and every
boss whether it was a robot or a dinosaur made the same noise let's play it and see
if we can recognize what wave file this is so here goes the boss but you always skip
ahead a little bit to the actual path here yeah here we go he's exploiting this first
boss by finding a spot in the back of the room here we go sounds like an elephant it
is it is the wholesome stage elephant sound industry from Street Fighter 2 whether that
came first in Lagoon copied it or probably what happened this actually happens quite
a bit in the gaming industry where there's these public domain sound clip files that
you will find sometimes like you know how even public domain just like sound like archives
that they buy so it's like usually there's little samples of like yeah boy or things
like that that you hear like in a DDR song that then you'll hear later in a game somewhere
else and it's really weird like I want to say one of the big DR songs you hear the samples
somewhere else it's really weird Max 300 the fire that whole thing like those those clips
you hear those elsewhere so anyway yes I just thought it was funny that I didn't put this
together at the time but you have the boss noise when you kill a boss is the elephant
cry and awesome stage Street Fighter 2 nice but the the dungeons in this you know had
some pretty clever map design more clever than it probably had any right to you know
you could get lost but it was a it was a pretty fast paced game you didn't really have to
grind too much you just hit from town to dungeon and there was always something to do so all
right good pick classic game of the week everybody Lagoon from Kemko Seika for the Super Nintendo
although technically it was also released on the x8600 was the name of the sharp sharp
computer yeah over in Japan and there it is your classic game of the week good job Dark
Sakura would be very proud did you did you screen your pick with her in advance I know
she she knew you were gonna do it but she know what game you're picking no I think she'll
like it she'll approve all right we're gonna take a quick break here though guys um gosh
I thought it was gonna be a show short tonight part a has been two hours and eight minutes
it's like the longest part a I think I've seen in a long time so good thing it's a three
day weekend how we got plenty more show to come including your calls some news about
resistance persona for a Super Mario Brothers and portal crossover game that's gonna be
very interesting and your tweets at twitter.com slash olr as well as your emails at mailbag
orange laundry calm when we come back after this break with more of orange lounge radio
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we are live here on this Sunday evening September
4th of 2011 Labor Day weekend with the 426th episode of our program we're gonna we're running
long to a little long tonight part a was about two hours I don't think part b will be quite
as long and we had a late start life tonight too which I know doesn't affect the podcast
ease but good thing it's a three day weekend let's just put it that way we don't have to
get up early for work tomorrow during the break I had walked out in the living room
and I watched Dan was watching some playthroughs on YouTube which I thought was kind of neat
he was watching a Zelda link to the past which is a classic from the Super Nintendo days
we need to really have a retro night back at the house salacious pop and play something
retro and play through like I always kind of thought like I don't want to say it's weird
to like watch playthroughs because I get the allure of that you know like who doesn't like
to sit and watch someone else play a video game and the Internet's made that very interesting
where you can kind of do all that through YouTube and so forth but I don't know I like
to kind of get my hands on and play and all that stuff and so I kind of want to do a play
through Super Metroid or something retro I'd love to record a let's play and put on YouTube
but I do not have the attention span you don't have the attention to that you too this was
a short game 30 hours of let's play of Tetris you know I did a four block we're done we
could do a let's play you want to do a let's play we'll do that someday it'd be fun pick
a game that's only a couple hours we could do Metroid one I could be Metroid one and
about if I kind of remind what I'd have to do is I have to play through it the day before
and then I could do a play through the night of and once I kind of remember where everything's
at least one of those things you never forget but like you kind of want to play it one time
refresh your memory I could probably play through it in a couple hours once I just kind
of remember where everything's at you know that amnesia game that's big on steam oh god
where if you if you are in pitch blackness you go crazy and there's the scary monster
that you have to hide from it the let's play of though of that of that game are hilarious
because there are people that are just like in tears hiding in the closet scary it's a
scary it's a scary and the for the people that record commentary of that what they're
doing in the game amnesia let's plays look for the one on YouTube that has a couple hundred
thousand hits and you will laugh because this poor man he's he thinks that he's really dying
in real life he's very scared I need to find some sound clips from some of those and play
them on the show I bet they're hilarious they're like the reaction videos to two two girls
one cup right something like that all right let's move on with some rapid fire news and
we'll start off with Loki can I give us some quick news yes there's some rumors I mean
this is kind of a given that there will be like an epic Mickey tube something did pretty
well but coming from a really I thought it didn't do too well from what I heard it pretty
well for a Wii game all right of course there there's some surveys going around asking people
what their preferred packaging for epic Mickey to would be and a little bit because some
details are kind of derived based on that apparently epic Mickey to will feature Oswald
the lucky rabbit as well it almost looks like as another playable character and you know
looks like it that they may do some sort of split screen with that as well and it looks
like that Oswald can use his ears is kind of like a helicopter no real word of course
you know one I'm sure this is maybe like a 2012 holiday game if it's being worked on
right now but they're probably not happy that this leaked if it is holiday 2012 yes so yeah
I mean it's definitely something that they're working on could it be something where they're
just gauging interest and it may not actually be being made at all or do you think something
like this happens I mean because games aren't developed overnight so maybe this one of those
things where the games are ready in development it's like you know I don't know about that
I would think they're actually working on it says like the the screenshot that they
have is now we would like to show you a few more packages for Disney's epic Mickey to
video game please indicate which package design makes you most interested in purchasing Disney
epic Mickey to I think the third one is the best out of those I agree with you yes which
is just the two guys kind of it's not really an action shot everything else is an action
shot and that except that second one where they're kind of jumping off into the two you
can't really see their faces which is a little weird to me yeah I don't like the best shot
third one's pretty good yeah here we are taking the survey all right what else this is kind
of cool apparently cat or was it mad cats has announced that they're going to be doing
some official licensed major league gaming controllers now normally if it were the case
of you know the major league gaming I wouldn't give a shit about it and their fight stick
it's expensive it just looks like one of the normal mad cats fight sticks that they put
out for you know a street fighter or something like that that's fine but what makes me interested
though is actually their controller the controller that they've got out yes it's wired but it's
got a neat bunch of neat features like for example you're able to swap out the analog
sticks if you want and you can swap them between basically the playstation 3 and the xbox 360
ones also you'll be able to swap out the d-pad and you can put in either playstation 3 or
you know the 360 d-pad that is awesome whoa whoa whoa whoa so I could have playstation
3 controls on my 360 yes style controls I'm just I'm a little bit flabbergasted I'm partially
kind of like why haven't we seen this before like the 360 would be great if it had the
playstation 3's controller yeah and it also includes placement so like for example you
could put you know the analog sticks you can move them around or whatever if you want really
Dan's saying they used to make a controller like that I just don't even remember old school
playstation era no prices have been announced yet but these controllers include the base
controller two pro module d-pads one that's you know like the xbox 360 one that's like
the playstation 3 for analog sticks you know two that are like the 360 to they're like
the ps3 two faceplates a matte finish or glossy finish a braided three meter cable that actually
screws onto the controller integrated weight compartment so you can adjust the weights
on there it's getting more expensive and pro case that the whole thing is stored in plus
they're saying that they're gonna be able to sell additional add-ons later on like customize
you know analog how much they haven't said I do know that the fight stick is like 150
bucks so I would hope that this is around the same price as a regular controller although
I'd imagine it's probably around like 70 80 bucks yeah I was gonna say that looks 69.99
right there that's not bad if it's 69.99 because regular controllers are 60 bucks so 10 bucks
extra yeah that might be worth it yeah I'm uh yeah yeah and dark tattoo is in our chat
room see saying see I thought Rob might like this considering the 360s d-pad is ass exactly
I I do like this actually interesting all right all right and then last but not least
dance central to the announced some tracks for that and actually some of these are pretty
awesome they had a way what is love oh my god yes it's awesome that by the that's that
song from the club guys the Saturday night live the night at the Roxbury that's what's
called digital underground with the Humpty dance sir mix allowed baby got back the mix
mix not really sure what that is Bobby about my prerogative Curtis blow the brakes and
a sure featuring little John and ludicrous yeah so not bad it's got a pretty kick-ass
song list so far definitely interested in this game no surprise there had a way was
love that's gonna be easiest routine ever can't wait just pop your head back and forth
that had if that's not in there this whole this whole game is a sham and I'm gonna write
harmonics and tell them so they've got a head no head bobbing and what is love your game
is they've got to have that at least in part of it I mean come on you gotta that it's only
that song famous it wasn't the song itself right right all right well I got some news
for you guys it starts off with news on Zelda Skyward Sword there's going to be a $70 bundle
that comes I'm sorry to interrupt you real quick go ahead I was gonna say they do member
have that mode or maybe doesn't just answer you but where you can create your own routine
so maybe I don't think that was in dance I don't think it's just dance damn it all right
there's going to be a $70 Zelda Skyward Sword bundle and it comes with the Wii remote plus
it's a gold one that's good for those that never did buy a Wii remote plus including
myself I never bothered with the attachment or anything but this is one of those like
all-in-one Wii controllers so IDK I might have to pick this up I'm not sure yet I'm
still not kind of sure how I feel about Zelda Skyward Sword but you do you have to have
the Wii motion plus you really should get one of those I don't know if I'd spend the
extra money well it's not bad I mean the controller itself is gonna be what 40 so I might as well
get the game I just bought Wii motion pluses so you know a big deal my controllers a little
longer now just so you know it also comes with a CD from the Zelda 25th anniversary
concert this all comes out on November 20th they are saying that the initial print of
both the Wii controller and just the regular game by itself will have the CD that's pretty
cool and the gold the gold wiimotes kind of neat I guess if you're into color collecting
burnout crash coming out of Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network and the date has been
set September 20th and that'll set you back either 800 Microsoft points which is 10 bucks
or $9.99 on PlayStation Network so you can save a whole penny radiant silver gun is coming
to Xbox Live Arcade and it's been dated for September 14th 1200 Microsoft points that's
15 bucks no word on a PlayStation Network version but yeah it's it's not just a port
I believe this is like a little remake it's gonna have an online two-player co-op Saturn
and arcade style game variants different graphical modes an Ikaruga scoring system it's gonna
say that was a big Saturn game when the Saturn tried to you know survive here and I think
that's a former or previous class game of the week oh I'm sure I'm sure Jamie probably
has highlighted every treasure made game at some point so radiant silver gun on Xbox Live
Arcade I know anybody who's a fan of shooters at all has got to be at least a little curious
about this if not just downright excited so all right let's move on slice pop professor
Layton for we're getting it we're getting it soon we're getting it in October it is
called professor Layton and the last specter it is the fourth game in the series it was
just announced that we're getting it on the 3ds even though it's not technically a 3ds
game on October 17th and it's at the Japanese version of the game came out with a little
sort of Gaiden side story thing within this within the same cartridge called professor
Layton's London life RPG we are getting that as well translated so we're getting the bonus
game along with the proper sequel this October and also in a quickfire news we have a bundle
coming out for the Kinect which is going to come with child of Eden and the price point
is going to be $150 I'm not sure if that's how much how much is the Kinect right now
by itself retail 100 150 Loki do you know off the top of your head is it 150 150 yeah
yeah and so yeah that is coming see when the story is I think it's September 20 if I remember
correctly yeah I'm not seeing a date on this story going out of me but yeah if you loved
rez which is an amazing music and special effects game child of Eden it believe it or
not is easier to play with a controller but seeing how so yeah seeing how the Kinect interface
interfaces with the game is neat but yeah so the Kinect is getting the bundle game child
of Eden soon I talked about this when I first reviewed child of Eden but I honestly think
it's going to be better on the move but that's just me yeah and finally let's see if I can
pronounce this right d3 is coming out with new Oni Chimbara Oni Chimbara thank you game
basically you are bikini clad Japanese school girls it looks like it's kind of a like a
bastard on Dreamcast or Devil May Cry slasher game very gory you're basically bikini school
girls killing zombies and when you kill a zombie blood everywhere blood splash oh god
so much blood bikini and a cowboy hat yep and where it's an Xbox exclusive game coming
out in Japan this winter so yeah Oni Chimbara 2 and we don't have part one here in the States
but it sounds like something we do yeah oh yeah so if it comes out over there then maybe
we'll get the sequel here and babes killing zombies what's not to love and they're the
first game is kind of lame but the second one looks a little bit better because it's
not just zombies you're fighting it's like actual monsters and stuff so it looks a little
bit like a little bit like bullet which but not quite as cool all right I want to throw
one more plug for the upcoming indie segment here on the show I'm was finally go figure
the week we're not here I'm finally getting some bites on this so I think we're ready
to roll this out next week but I do want to say one more time before we roll out the segment
if you have an indie game if you're developing one or you know people who are and they could
be for a PC it could be for Xbox Live any arcade it could be iOS I don't really care
as long as you're independent we want to feature more independent games here on the show after
all we are an independent podcast so reach me at rob at orange laundry.com or of course
you know I send it to the general mailbag as well mailbag at orange laundry.com or use
the contact us forum on the site I don't really care just get in touch with us if you think
your game is worthy of being highlighted on the show in a new segment that I really hope
will start next week because I did get several interested people like it's when it rains
it pours right I wasn't getting anything for a couple weeks and a lot last week so I'm
really excited so we'll be getting into that very soon also one more plug for tweets tonight
twitter.com slash o l r we'll be getting to those shortly but first couple more stories
according to Howard Stringer he is saying that the PlayStation Network is bouncing back
way Howard Stern the stock shock jock DJ Stringer Oh Stringer not Stern he is basically saying
the PlayStation Network is more secure and better than ever and added that the company
is working to expand the service which has added three million new customers since the
attack and sales have actually increased relative to the pre-attack levels so interesting told
you people would forget about it in a few months yeah well that's very not surprising
that everybody's going to forgive and forget after a few months except maybe those people
who sold back their systems in a fit I don't know but I you know what I honestly think
might be happening I think people stole all the Sony information has been using it to
hack the Xboxes like I think that's why the Xbox like I could swear I had different passwords
on 360 and PlayStation Network but now I'm thinking maybe I didn't and maybe that's how
my Xbox was hacked I don't know but just interesting so all right anyhow story for you guys about
something that was announced at E3 this year that had a lot of people very excited it was
the PlayStation 3D display bundle yes remember when they were going to be selling the monitor
with resistance 3 for $4.99 but then when they were like actually we're not gonna put
resistance 3 in there we're gonna put a motor storm apocalypse in there and some retailers
were like well fuck you we're gonna be of resistance 3 anyway so that way they pre-order
with us well actually this is interesting Sony has apparently made this their plan the
whole time resistance 3 is going to be included with any 3d display that was pre-ordered before
September 30th motor storm though will be included no matter what so that's why Walmart
Amazon and GameStop were putting out all these deals I guess the whole time Sony was like
yeah you can offer this deal and so it was to look like a pre-order I don't know is it
a brilliant marketing scheme or do you feel a little used or and who cares it's just a
TV I don't think it's selling as well as they'd hoped really well come on it's a $499 piece
of yeah but it's 3d and it comes with two games it's 24 inch it's not that bad that's
perfect for like a dorm room I would love yes in college for a dorm room but then you
gotta buy another pair of glasses if you wanna you know it it's expensive and there's a small
part of me that's interested but then I go but if I kick down like another $300 I could
just get like a large 3d they're just trying to they're just trying to get you to buy now
but then you wait wait just a little longer and you can get like you're gonna be able
to get a you know full-size HDTV that supports 3d you know for less money and think of how
fast the technology is evolving I mean right now they have they're trying to sell us on
these active shutter glasses which I've used them and they gave you a headache and they
don't have Sony TV too but just wait until they've come out with some technology where
well they already have it out but you know where it becomes more mainstream where it's
either the non shutter glasses because each one of those is fucking $70 $70 for a pair
of glasses wow when you can you know I hope they got that the technology that they use
for you know the Disney stuff or whatever and in theaters with those cheap ass $5 glasses
you know that's what needs to become mainstream yeah so I can't steal a pair of glasses from
the theaters and use them on these TVs oh yeah cuz no they're active shutter no but
it's not what the fucking like Sega Master System used that's what all the old 3d systems
used it was active shutter technology you know even way back to the Vectrex was active
shutter you know the old school 3d stuff in IMAX was active shutter stuff but what they
need if they just you know really adopt that format with those cheaper glasses I think
that'd be the way to go because then it's not a big deal to get I think people will
be more interested in that it's like okay I only have to drop money on this it's like
well if I want to watch 3d my family I've got to drop you know another I had to buy
another four pairs of glasses and there's another $300 hmm I don't know slices pop what
do you think about these TVs do you think this is something I should get for the house
knowing us we'll just save up and go to fries and get the real the real deal we don't need
the TV we don't need the starter kit I guess that's true that's kind of where I'm at with
this so all right for college kids I guess if you're in college did you need a 3d TV
that will fit in a door I need a 3d TV in my dorm room amongst all the college expenses
well hey you know what my Super Nintendo and it wasn't that wasn't even the cutting edge
thing Nintendo's the the kids upstairs had a Nintendo 64 and they were like the most
popular kids in the dorm but I was probably second popular with my Mario Kart nights in
the dorm room yeah and Duke Nukem 3d I mean just wait I mean if they're putting out if
Sony is able to put out a monitor for $499 and Sony I mean they're known for being pretty
high and as far as price points go on their products just wait there's gonna be they're
gonna be able to do that I just the right now people aren't putting out 3d TVs that
are 24 inches because who the fuck's gonna buy that I mean if you're gonna buy an HD
TV and have a 3d it's gonna be something that's being you know used in your living room you're
gonna want it to be pretty big so if there's a demand for it people put it out and they'll
put it out cheaper and it'll be better technology so just wait you don't need to jump in the
3d right away all right let's visit the mailbag and see what you guys think after all we are
the show where every gamer has a voice I'd like to share your voices not just through
chat but through email and Twitter and so forth mailbag at orangelandtrader.com this
place you can send us emails to get your longer thoughts out more than 140 characters and
salacious pop sitting in for trying to fill Jamie's shoes tonight it's gonna go ahead
and take over the mailbag okay our first email tonight is from Oscar and he writes I wasn't
drunk Oscar I swear haha hi guys hugs I miss you all and it's been a while since I wrote
in so here goes first off as you saw on Twitter I was in Disney World for a week and just
returned on Monday the 22nd I remember Rob mentioning something about electronica in
Disneyland and being the huge fan that I am of Tron legacy I was looking forward to seeing
something like that at Disney World it turns out that there was nothing Tron related there
other than some blu-ray discs of the movie on some store shelves what exactly did I miss
out on Tron was on the monorail for a short time but nothing but a painting really Disney
World they didn't do anything for Tron there it's true also I've always wondered why there
isn't a Kingdom Hearts attraction at any of the parks probably because it's I'm wondering
that too that's a brilliant question I it's like Disney refuses to acknowledge it maybe
because it's a more square you probably have to share the characters money royalties with
square well first off I think funny that he brought up electronica it makes me feel justified
for the 10-minute tangent in part a but I think we kind of covered it in part a so I
don't think I need to elaborate further but as far as Kingdom Hearts I will tell you the
one thing one thing do two things I've ever seen Kingdom Hearts related in the park once
I was a store called off the page in California adventure and now I go there every time because
when I was there once I saw a Sora figurine and it was one of those like nice ceramic
figurines going for like a hundred bucks like it was that type of quality like a ceramic
doll and I really wish I bought it and I regret not buying it and that's the only thing
Kingdom Hearts related I've ever seen in the park besides number two some parents drop
brought their little kid once dressed to Sora and I saw them standing in line for the haunted
mansion they were from Australia you know how sometimes little kids want to dress up
and big kids can't dress up by the way they don't let you in Disneyland you have to be
like seven or under if you want to wear a costume unless it's Halloween and you're at
the Halloween party but we saw some Australian parents bring in their like six-year-old in
a Sora costume and it was adorable and even if you ask a Disney cast member that's working
at those memorabilia stores that are really into Disney lore they never really heard of
Kingdom Hearts it's not on the radar for a lot of Disney employees it's a shame. Dark
Tetsuya says there was a Sora statue in interventions and that I wouldn't you know I don't go in
interventions a lot I gotta be honest interventions kind of weak and they really need to convert
the building into something interesting but I wouldn't be surprised that they had a nod
to Sora in there as well especially because last time I was in there which is a couple
years ago they had Xbox 360 units that were the exact same things that were on the E3
show floor earlier that year so you know that's they get some use out of those year-round.
Does no one else think that a ride of some sort would be pretty awesome again this is
in regards to Kingdom Hearts or is it just something that Square Enix is holding back
on for when they launch their own amusement park smirk or sigh I guess my dream shall
suffice for now. I would assume Disney Sea in Tokyo has more but that's of course a huge
assumption and I don't really know I would have to rely on a Japanese listener who maybe
has been there to tell me if Kingdom Hearts has more of a presence there I'm assuming
but I could be wrong. Secondly while I do think that sending bees to Nintendo would
be pretty amusing I cannot do so due to me being absolutely terrified of them maybe Operation
Rainfall members can send bottles of their tears instead. I like that. Was it a campaign
to send bees to Nintendo? It was on the show a couple weeks ago. And I'm going to end this
email with one last question regarding 3DS colors. You guys mentioned that the flare
red 3DS would be coming out in the US in early September. The thing is I'm holding out for
the release of the purple 3DS that was shown on the floor at E3. That thing looked freaking
beautiful and he included a link to it and it does it's a gorgeous sexy it's very Prince
Joker shade of deep purple like yeah it's like the cool purple it's a metallic purple
not like the like girl it's not let's not lavender it is that's a kid at Chris color
if I ever saw one I and I didn't you know and I was at E3 that year to have an eggplant
purple right there eggplant wizard yeah like that I I wish I remembered seeing that because
that is a sexy 3DS well I may consider getting the flare red system is there any word on
more colors coming out in the near future no they've announced anything other than the
flare red one and they're not going to I just wait for them wait their announcement yeah
wait for that Tokyo event because that could be but that's you know that's probably gonna
be more Japan but you never know I would still say hold out until after the Tokyo event which
won't be that long after the flare red DS is out anyway 3DS is out anyway besides you
probably want to hold out anyways until you know more games come out because they could
and I hope they don't do it but they could very well even though they've been saying
Mario Mario 3d land and Mario Kart and be out this year they could very well go up that's
next year now you watch it could it could well they haven't said anything yet makes
me wonder thank you as always for reading Oscar so that's the first email next we have
and I I really don't want to be rude to this person this was written in by Holly Holly
D the first or the two-thirds of the email is basically just a verbatim talking about
the Deus Ex GameStop removing the code controversy so the first 30 minutes of this show sure
is really for you Holly sure I'm not going to read it just because it's it's literally
just saying what happened and how there was a leaked memo and blah blah blah so the commentary
seriously I've been off GameStop for a while but I still went in and look now and then
and I still considered buying things from there but coupled with what sky has been saying
lately in this referring to the code scandal with Deus Ex well this is the final straw
no more now now it's power gamer Best Buy or online retailers GameStop can stop it yeah
I mean we kind of talked to death about it the first 30 minutes of the show but I think
what Holly saying in her email echoes what quite a few people are thinking this week
it will be interesting I would like to go back and ask these people in a year did you
stick with it I would ask myself that near to did I stick with it or did I break down
because GameStop had some stupid exclusive that I had to have I'm trying to think get
a Skyrim exclusive I'm gonna be so goddamn I don't remember the last time I ever I was
in a GameStop me neither for anything I think I remember the last game I look when we go
in the mall I'm not gonna you know I we've gone in the mall and looked but it's more
of a well what's what's new what's I forget what games are out you know even though I
do this show sometimes I forget I think the last time I was in there well one times I
remember was when I was picking up extra copies of episodes from Liberty City just to stock
the other machines we have but I don't think I don't think I bought a new game from them
for a long time I don't remember the last thing I bought at one do you I don't remember
usually when we go in it's to see what they what obscure thing that they have for 360
or ps3 that's used at a decent price and usually oh that's price too high for a used game and
we leave mm-hmm I still have a gift card there it's like that same story every time isn't
it I like their magazine and sometimes we're just fucking bored and you want to go window
shop you know like even though everything I said about the place is just kind of whatever
it's here let's just go in and look I'm not gonna buy anything but I'll look and sometimes
you know and then this goes for a lot of places they may have good deals on like rock band
equipment or something like that if you need some of that I mean because it's so dirt cheap
nowadays okay and our final email is from Chiggers this is sent through our comment
system on the site reading an article recently on IGN entitled what games have taught me
and it got me thinking about historical facts in games as a way of teaching kids they referred
to one nest game at North and South which I which I have as an example can you think
of any other more recent games that have historical facts and whether or not you think it would
be used more in today's games as a teaching tool I can think of like God a war would be
good for like mythology I mean well you know it makes a stretch but okay no I won't be
right we're aware of like you know what different gods were Titans were the pantheon is accurate
Athena Aries that's all all the edutainment games that I think of that I learned shit
from is obviously very old and dated I think of Oregon Trail Carmen San Diego number munchers
absolutely Carmen San Diego math blasters but all that shit's old but at the same time
actually a lot of that shit is still around like I believe math blasters still exist in
some form I want to say Oregon trails been working trails been remade now it's a Facebook
game and kids have that on 3ds right now this year yeah so a lot of those games actually
still exist like they've been updating them forget we just don't follow them because we're
not six or seven anymore except the occasional retro cool oh lol Oregon Trail on Facebook
ha ha ha I made slashes pop die of dysentery right like that's that's about the extent
of it but who really sits down to play an edutainment game I don't think I learned anything
from Oregon Trail you learned that if you killed 4,000 pounds of Buffalo you can only
take 10 pounds of it back I learned that that was fun yes you learned where what where where
did where does the Oregon Trail start yeah independence Missouri and that's why I remember
that from the game see I learned nothing from the Oregon Trail of course I hope I got that
right or I'm gonna sound hella stupid I guess I didn't learn anything for the Oregon Trail
whatsoever it starts in Florida no I'm not I need to click on this IGN article and see
what what's actually being quoted here but I'll come on you know there's nothing valuable
there for those that played Bioshock the first one the whole story of rapture the under under
the sea city was based off of and Rand the fountainhead Atlas shrugged the objectivism
approach to politics which is some pretty highbrow adult concepts you wouldn't really
know who and Rand is from playing that game but the antagonist was Andrew Ryan obviously
a play on her name so that was a game developer saying let's take this whole you know way
of thinking that a lot of adults you apply to their politics and make a video game based
on based on it I don't know that that was kind of an intellectual angle for a game did
you play Bioshock did you pick up on any of that I played a little bit of it but I more
picked up because I didn't get to that killer twist ending that everybody talks about because
I'm terrible at first-person shooters I was more like wow this game is really good-looking
great game yeah I know I know well here's the thing now that you just told me that if
I wait for Bioshock infinite on PlayStation 3 I can get the first game for free yeah that's
like in a year it's over a year from now dude just seriously is played is there a skill
level where like any dope can get through yeah you can play it on easy okay yeah and
is it like you pray where you never die that's the only reason I could play okay you die
fucking die but there's respawn points and it's not like you're dead forever I mean all
right I could do that yeah and steam has had like Bioshock what to on sale for eight bucks
you get one free two I wasn't a big fan of although I should really go back and play
it but one was great it was a great game that's why I'm so for infinite looks it looks great
I just can't wait to play it didn't the romancing the throne games talk about like the empires
of China and Mongolia and all that those words that historical yes but a great comment from
somebody who just joined our chat room but didn't change their nickname so it's just
anonymous person in chat says the civilization series excellent point the Civ series are
amazing Dan just handed me a copy of Bioshock on the PlayStation 3 from the vault and gave
me that here take it look so I guess I'm playing Bioshock it's all right I'll fucking keep
it I don't well can I keep it as long as dark soccer keeps some of my shit because
I think she had my copy of clue for like two years they can't hear you they can't hear
you Dan all right moving on yeah so that's it for the mailbag all right thanks thanks
for writing in thanks for reading tonight mailbag at orange lounge radio.com if you
want to do that in the future I like that I can't believe I didn't think of that answer
I just talked about that my freaking week civilization games absolutely you learn about
some of the great leaders and you know sometimes there sometimes the units that they get that
are special talk about their culture or kind of something to that culture you know you're
not going to learn detailed facts but sometimes you're playing scenarios and things like that
and maybe even that's a great answer maybe some of the World War II like Call of Duty
games or a battlefield games from you may learn a little bit about history and stuff
there hmm all right moving on let's talk about the F use of the week oh every week here on
the program we get angsty why because we can we have a microphone and your attention so
we're going to rant that's what people do Loki wants to start us off tonight fuck you
to the mark system for those who are unaware of what the mark system is think of it like
an enhanced version of the Dewey decimal system or like a bibliography for everything in the
goddamn world I fucking have to learn that shit this week and it was boring as hell it's
like libraries are so fucking old school get with the times they have to like it's ridiculous
all the crap that they break down about each individual thing and mainly I was looking
for DVDs and games but oh my god is boring and I had to learn the Dewey decimal system
for a little bit which actually Dewey decimal system isn't as complicated as I thought which
is great but I still don't care so fuck you though slashes pop do you have any F use the
week this might be taking from your F use but F you to giant huge spiders that like
to make webs above our front door so we have to not walk into them he's big I don't want
to I need to spray acid on him or the pesticide the raid he's a bits of big spider you need
to open the door spray it and close it real fast no I'm gonna do it from the patio oh
that's a good idea stun him with Windex follow up with Buck spray afterwards so I did that
with the fly it it basically knocked the fly out of the air he couldn't fly anymore got
him with a ray turned upside down who knew what we were gonna learn bug killing trips
on tonight tips on tonight's orange launch radio yeah he hides up in the corner in the
day then he just parks in the middle of his huge ass web at night and he's like you walk
into us I believe your face it's a big fucking spider people it is a bit like I if the spider
is not playing and also F you to cats who become manic and agitated when they're left
home alone for four days when their owners go to Disneyland and they eat AV cables did
I mention that she lost a $50 set of headphones this week we came home from Disneyland and
said oh yeah the cats didn't you know shit and pee everywhere and we turned on our PCs
in the bed and we look at our our headsets that we use for ventrilo on World of Warcraft
and they on mine they chewed that thing clean through yours was just not up it's unusable
and horrible thank you but yeah they've already been right I replaced them Rob was without
his headset for 48 hours I know it was painful 48 hours of my life no it's I had a backup
headset but yeah and of course the generous and graceful and wonderful dark Sakura did
play cat sitter she did she came in and fed them and clean the clearly she did a terrible
job because I'm kidding my cats are assholes they don't know her they ran away from her
and they decided we're gonna because they see us at those computer desks all day so
they just ate ate our headsets for fun ass asshole cap just to just teach us a lesson
yeah and then we're by the way we're leaving again at the end of the month yeah for another
four or five days I saw you shut the door to the office last night I saw oh I did yeah
were you afraid of that happened I thought maybe you were afraid of that happening overnight
I left I left my computer on my computer's loud okay I'm see I'm seeding torrents who
what porn did you get all right moving on going on to my F use funny enough not the
F use I was thinking of the F you I'm thinking of tonight F you to the fact that this morning
I was supposed to get up at 9 a.m. but I set my alarm on a weekday alarm on my iPhone the
same one as my work alarm you know something's just changed the time on the alarm I'm not
thinking it yeah I was only set for weekdays you're supposed to meet some people for brunch
at 10 30 we go to gay brunch every Sunday I try to I get a text message at 10 20 we
have a table it's in the back but the text message woke me up to a off fuck like this
I think that's what you heard this morning right that's what you woke up to yeah oops
so if you to myself so yeah we had to flake and say that we are lazy slugs and we we slept
and I missed brunch the sound of gay man judgment coming through the phone you could just you
could just feel it you know you know what I'm talking about all right now moving on
more news stories and then the Twitter and skype line coming up at 1 877 game olr toll-free
numbers back this week hooray so there's been a new break in the console hacking scene if
you will apparently there is now a new exploit called the reset glitch hack that allows any
Xbox 360 any from now before and in the future to be turned into a JTAG console period apparently
it is an exploit that cannot be patched and people have already found a way to that sounds
pretty definitive they've run away or found a way to load this program called Zell which
is kind of like a front end for they don't have any read was like rebooters yet which
means you can't run a custom firmware on it yet but right now you can launch homebrew
stuff and they have a video someone actually running a Nintendo 64 emulator on their slim
and already different people out there and you know the mod scene of already created
new tools to enable people to do that so it's a matter of time before the JTAG prices drop
and people will be able to do more crazy homebrew stuff or piracy I guess you know a lot of
people are using for piracy well at least right now there's no way to take JTAGs online
without them being banned immediately once people figure a way around that then yeah
so it's interesting you have a JTAG so it doesn't matter I don't know I'm just I don't
know like it's it's I talked about this on the last show which is two weeks ago about
when I talked about how I finally did the Wii because joystick put the instructions
up that made it look so easy and it's kind of like you know I have to really have a reason
to do it and now my reason for at least the Wii is being able to play shit that Nintendo
won't release in this country it's kind of nice so I don't know I don't have a reason
yet to do that to my 360 but well my 360 I use a lot for editing Grand Theft Auto so
I use it to test stuff instead of having the burn discs every time it's back in the day
when I first started doing Grand Theft Auto mods I did have the burn discs every time
and I had a stack of discs that were just ridiculous so it does save me a lot of money
in that sense plus you can do mods and trainers and stuff like that on games and it's kind
of fun alright moving on to a game series that I'm sure a lot of people are very excited
about this is going to be a system seller I'm not even kidding for the PlayStation Vita
a lot of people are going to be excited about this Persona 4 Persona 4 now this was already
a PlayStation 2 game but they are going to be actually making a portable port of this
it's going to be out in Japan in 2012 they're going to be enhancing some things new animation
one new character new voice acting wireless support where you can call others if you think
you're about to die in a dungeon and so forth crazy also announced however which is very
interesting a Persona fighting game it's by Arc System Works you know them Blazblue right
it's Persona 4 the ultimate in my account my Onaka arena it's going to hit arcades in
spring of 2012 apparently PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions will come out later in the
summer so persona fans have a lot to be excited about so yeah I have persona 3 the hella edition
that came out for the ps2 because it came out twice persona 3 in the second edition
and then I hear that the PSP port of persona 3 that came out a year or two ago is even
better than that and aren't those games like I haven't gotten really into a lot of persona
games aren't they very big on like it's it's kind of like a do whatever you want type of
RPG isn't it some are a lot of them run on a like a calendar system where you do you
have a certain amount of time in a day to do something but persona 4 address some pretty
adult concepts that aren't really that controversial but they are because video games are for kids
of course that they handled very maturely and I'm glad that that content is there but
yeah and I have persona 4 for the ps2 I didn't know that collector's edition yet said it's
on our shelf never touched it now this edition for the vitamin is what may as well wait for
the new one it's got more shit in it the adult content he's talking about is dick pics of
course drawn in the instruction manual of course of course tastefully tastefully all
right anyhow so let's just pop why don't you give us another news story this was pretty
huge on the internet last week maybe a week before basically a fan YouTube or a flash
animation of Super Mario Brothers with portal gun because of portal to portal gun is awesome
everyone watched it on Newgrounds or YouTube and everyone laughed and it was great well
a student let me play a little clip here in the background so you can hear the noises
a studio it's a two-man team that calls themselves stab yourself so stab yourself studios oh
what a pleasant name they are make that's like one of the old-school Nintendo emulators
remember Nestle and Genesis yeah charming names they are making Mario Super Mario Brothers
with a portal gun for real they are working on it hopefully valve and I won't shut it
down but um they have a proof of concept so valve will just hire him yeah okay yeah absolutely
valve will just hire him to make a Mario clone that has the portal guns in it watch that's
how valve responds to things and they have sort of an alpha proof of concept YouTube
up and you can see what the game plays like and it looks pretty awesome it's nice it's
cool of course is it gonna be one of those games you play for five minutes and you're
like well I know on Newgrounds there was the big um I'm it's Super Mario Brothers but you
can play it as Samus and Kid Icarus and one of the contra dudes Super Mario crossover
it reminds me of that yeah it does a little bit but yeah they're saying that they're working
on it and they've got a YouTube channel up for progress but who knows if this will ever
see the light of day or it's gonna go shut it down we'll see yeah all right just a couple
more news stories for you guys before we get to calls there should really get Gordon Ramsay
to do the announcements for when they're gonna shut it down you're thinking Hell's Kitchen
right yeah Gordon Ramsay yeah oh yeah no I've seen that show it's like that show has been
on how long it is terrible and it's on season eight or nine so particular every challenge
ends with a tie I know this isn't I do video games but I gotta say like what wait what
what shows this Hell's Kitchen it's been the same fucking show for nine years like it really
has like at least something like Survivor or Big Brother has the different people they
get into the different conflicts there's different twists and so forth but in Hell's Kitchen
the twists don't even matter like you I I just turned it on randomly one day I had no
idea who the fuck any of the people were what season it even was but I was just like lol
he's yelling at him he's really mean this show's funny it's that's it's the same fucking
thing every week someone on my Facebook who I went to high school with he was one year
below me he had him on Facebook a couple months ago and I guess he's a trained chef from some
San Francisco called Culinary Academy he's trying to get on that show okay so he's trying
to audition for either Hell's Kitchen yeah he may as well go on Top Chef it's a better
show that's right people tell me I should be on Big Brother and I'm like I'm not cute
enough for Big Brother but then they point out well you know Adam's on there here's a
tip for anybody that's going on Hell's Kitchen that menu is always the same learn how to
cook the things on the goddamn menu and you'll be fine that's it it's always the same there's
always a fucking risotto there's always a fucking like chicken there's always a fish
entree it's always the same goddamn thing just learn how to cook that you're done you're
set you're gonna have your own fucking restaurant and don't talk back I think you need to go
on Hell's Kitchen I don't know how to cook although if I did I would learn how to cook
the risotto and cook all that shit and they way he's like he's all this is what risotto
supposed to taste like that's right bitch that's right you should have done it this
way and you just don't call me if you fucking call me a bitch no I wouldn't talk to him
though I'd talk to the other people that when you piss them off I love the stunt cake shows
where they have to make this huge SpongeBob SquarePants with like a fucking Ferris wheel
and like a waterfall you know Food Network challenge or whatever it's always it's always
a cake once they replace the host and host is terrible and it's it's always awesome when
because they have to carry it from the kitchen to the judgment table sometimes the whole
thing was fucking fall over there's $300 a cake on the floor there are two Food Network
shows I can actually watch one of them is the old-school Iron Chef from Japan which
I don't even think they show anymore on food TV or it's a the cooking channel now and then
I watch I can watch Unwrapped with Mark Summers because Mark Summers I was really in a Top
Chef until I got to replace of it replays are no new shows oh that's a bummer easy thing
yeah I watched a ton of Food Network a ton of food when I lived with him Nelly would
come over and they would watch Food Network like that's how I got to watching some of
these shows because I just be kind of sitting there I go I fucking food looks so fucking
good oh my god oh my god this shows about oh my god it's an unwrapped on Pringles died
what to have and watch a lot of Food Network and it's great it's I like watching Chopped
because it's like a mini Iron Chef it's actually pretty good I like it's pretty cool hosted
by Ted Allen from your Queer Eye I really wish that shows on TV I love that show it's
sad it's gone I do I understand so my guilty pleasure shows are makeover shows I love makeover
shows you know it's not necessarily people makeover Loki is the straight one on the show
you know not necessarily people makeover shows it's like you know like the car makeover shows
you know like there's my ride there's a home there's a house makeover show I don't watch
that but but like they have a restaurant impossible now it's a restaurant makeover show do you
watch Extreme Makeover no did you watch The Swan no no I don't I don't watch the people
makeover so I like I like them like building stuff you know like I used to watch Junkyard
Wars and stuff like that you know stuff where they're taking a pit my rides kind of dumb
I mean they're like 50 TVs in there it doesn't make any sense but like I like watching them
you know do stuff to cars and like you remake them and stuff like I used to watch the the
Jesse James one or whatever monster garage and stuff like that you know those shows are
awesome yeah and Queer Eye was a good show I liked that show it was it was good you know
because the people that were on the show like the five guys that they had there were great
and now they have all their own stuff and Ted Allen's awesome he's one of the best people
on the show the Blondes on Dancing with the Stars Carson the blonde who was in charge
of clothes I think he's yeah he's on Dancing with the Stars and people it's so funny because
people are not even talking about like when Lance Bass a gay guy was on Dancing with the
Stars you know middle America was all oh my god I can't believe why don't they partner
you with another man it's so gross it's a family show like people aren't even fucking
talking about Carson because they totally upped the ante by putting a transgender person
on this year with Chaz Bono it's like no one no one cur that you're gay because we got
a transgender and they're oh my god it's ruining Americana and all this bullshit like just
how are we talking about before I don't remember now I don't know but my point is if Chaz
Bono wants to dance god damn it let him dance shut the fuck up just because you can't dance
and they'll have Gordon Ramsay come out and yell at him yes and that'll be that'll bring
it back to the top story there you go but I do I do hope Asa Case comes back this fall
because I miss that show the way it ties into video games is there's a fucking DS game for
every one of these goddamn shows we just mentioned Iron Chef and it was terrible yes I played
that at PAX one year it was it was better than Cooking Mama yeah but it ended up being
terrible all right can we move on low key with the gaming news story we can move on
EA is trying to downplay the whole origin exclusivity of their their titles they're
basically saying competition and choice go hand in hand so the fact that we only distribute
our own games on our own platform I don't see that he explained that basically the company
is in discussions with other publishers that have their games on origin but EA's key focus
is to develop an oppressive consumer experience where people are happy to play and buy game
you're just fucking competing with valve okay just stop dancing around it you're trying
to compete with valve and it's just an awkward situation because you publish valve games
as well so whatever so battlefield 3 won't be on there oh big big deal you know what
I don't care you know I heard a story later in the week though about I guess valve games
are now showing up on origin yeah the PC ones like the actual physical games that EA published
are showing up on their site but not any digital stuff all right one more story for you guys
Square Enix is going to be expanding and they're expanding Eidos Montreal they're going to
be adding 350 employees over the next few years up to 2015 of course they're not saying
exactly what it is they're developing they haven't really officially announced this either
but there's a report that's out there from la press affair it's a French name la press
a a fairies I don't know le press affair that talks about how they're going to double in
size and accommodate these employees their report says that a tentative agreement was
made between Eidos Square Enix and all that and investment Quebec that will give them
tax credits and a 2 million subsidy to square and you know I think this is important to
point out because with all these news of game studios closing and going under it's nice
to hear about some expanding isn't it Montreal Eidos I believe is making the fourth thief
game remember the thief series that's one of the big games they're working on so that's
pretty cool and of course I'm sure their secret products and all that good stuff so all right
well that brings us to phone calls so if you want to give us a call you can one eight seven
seven game OLR or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give us
a call and we'll talk to you otherwise we're gonna go to the Twitter and get some Twitter
topics I got a load up Twitter I forgot to load up Twitter but you know what I did load
up for Loki actually I didn't get Twitter up but I did get this up for Loki
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this this is me hi my name is Shane whatever you
want to call me hi miklotov Shane whatever you want to call me what's on your mind tonight
well first I would like to say that I really just ditched a group in Wow to call so we're
all gonna die because I'm the healer but I just got up off my computer and went to the
other room we're more you know what they say real life greater than Wow what well no not
always but in this case sure why not all right well what was worth ditching the group to
talk to us about tonight well first off I'm still really mad about electronica not going
to be you know up and running when I go to Anaheim in a couple weeks I told well what
about Oscar what about what about Oscar who emailed us saying that he went to Disney World
expecting to see a version of it there and he got the shaft he got Tron on blu-ray that's
what he got well you know that's a good movie so I mean get something out of it I'm gonna
go there and I'm not gonna get anything because there won't be a store there won't be no I
said go to D Street the D Street store has like the Tron jackets are all the hats and
jackets haven't you seen my Tron jacket like didn't you see that you were like oh you haven't
seen the hat oh you saw the four different jacket my jacket is awesome did you see that
picture of me on Facebook with the disc and everything forget it no you need to go find
it but I need the jacket apparently like now there's some awesome yeah there's a windbreaker
there's a jacket there's a parka there's a but they're really expensive well get a Tron
parka that's awesome well okay since you were I'm gonna find that picture on Facebook in
my jacket and while you talk about whatever else you want to talk about tonight oh um
the other thing is I like origin over steam I've decided so even though a lot of people
have been slamming origin you are a fan of it why is this I just think it looks cleaner
um it's easier to navigate in my opinion I've been playing Mass Effect 2 on it it's prettier
was that I'm it's prettier yes and that's all that matters usually for me so because
it's prettier and I can navigate it and I don't know I just like it better I wish more
things were on it like VVVVVVV or a portal loaded through it I'd be cool but no no it's
not there but I still like it better I sent you a link by the way are you at your computer
or did you leave no I left oh because I said I sent you my computer I sent you a link to
that picture of the jacket I don't want to go by my computer I don't want to see me get
group kids I've never been group kids so do you think okay then do you think people are
just being unnecessarily rude to origin because of all these stories about how you know they're
kind of trying to bully their way in with exclusives and making people use it for battlefield
3 which is gonna be a huge game and all that or is it just like you don't care it's really
more that you know steam's been around so long everybody loves steam and here's something
new and nobody wants to try it because it's not steam and so now that they're trying to
pull well we want to put our own games only on our service that's offensive to these people
that like steam only I mean it's not like GameStop's freaking platform that sucks because
it's GameStop and they're terrible it's just EA and they used to be terrible but Activision
has that title now so we can be okay with EA people need to realize that Microsoft came
out with their game purchase client game for windows yeah games games for windows which
was a steam clone and they had exclusives I think it was the only way to buy fable 3
or fable 2 at the very beginning and no one cared because it was just an ugly application
that didn't have a library and it had game room making sure that no one cared because
it was just a fable game so it was overhyped and not worth the money well yeah that and
even the third-party games that they got licensed to sell on their store the library wasn't
there so like oh you could buy fable 3 or Arkham Asylum which is a great game but between
the two I'm not gonna start giving them my money through their you know game platform
so you think people actually have good games you think you think people need to cut origin
a break and just check it out already yeah I mean you don't have to get all upset because
you were going to buy battlefield on steam no well you're not gonna use your steam client
it's a big deal you'll still get it anyway and origins not that bad like I'll install
it and check it out white and orange I just don't I don't like having like five different
stores on my computer I already have the games for windows thing which granted I don't even
use it well you can delete that I know I can delete that but that's I I have game room
believe it or not I bought game room stuff for my PC so I kind of have to keep it to
play that but otherwise you know steam but if origin sells a crazy ass like two dollar
game sale if they have the state if they have the sales like steam does I will definitely
I might have to do it yeah I don't want to but I will all right well anything else you
want to talk about me you can have two things running it's fine I have steam and origin
running all the time together they're friends all right well is there anything else you
want to talk about tonight me to talk I'm working on Pokemon right now too so I'm like
trying to divide my time easily between this phone call Pokemon World of Warcraft hard
I have a Pokemon question for me Klotov if I were to buy one of these two things and
it was going because I've never played Pokemon so I'm okay oh my god yeah so leave right
now the studio and go to what time is it there's something's got to be open that can sell you
it between either black and white or heart gold and soul silver I have to pick one of
the one of the two generations and that's going to be my definitive Pokemon experience
which one do you think I should get black and white black and white black and white
I think it's amazing like soul silver and heart gold are pretty cool because you can
get like all the old starters and it's all nostalgic but if you haven't played them before
you're not gonna get nostalgic for that crap and black and white is just overall better
made like they actually have the sprites that move it's very annoying playing one of those
games it's like I do an attack well my guy is frozen but he slightly moves forward because
he tackled you and it's stupid but at least he's like kind of wobble around and they have
animations and I felt the story was kind of darker too which is which was neat and plus
everything that I like comes out download wise is going to be for the newest ones and
not for the old ones anymore so like you'd be stuck with no cool downloads no special
events just plain old silver and gold but remain to be more fun than they used to be
but not worth it black and white act deaf in our chat room agrees black or white what
act deaf in our chat room agrees get pokemon black or white because I just heard from pokemon
phantom that gen 2 which would be silver and gold is like the best but I guess that's a
lot of nostalgia talking so I'll yeah I'll pick up white oh which color are you gonna
get oh I'm not I don't know I still need to use that card for the evil store so I might
pick up one of those oh it's like like I want you to get pokemon but not in that way all
right I feel really disgusted me glaDOS you guys are gonna have to talk offline I gotta
get to other calls tonight fine whatever all right bye enjoy getting cake from your group
all right hopefully he'll see that picture too and he'll be very hateful let's get to
another call there's more calls coming in hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
hey guys it's ddr dollar bill ddr dollar bill what's on your mind not much first off great
show tonight thank you a little long but that's all right it's labor day that's cool it's much
for fun that way all right I'll just make a sort of brief but uh they had a sale this
week at Best Buy where they were so enchanted even for $10 oh yeah I heard about that huh
yeah I I was like me and about three other co-workers were busy going to Best Buy website
and trying our best to get our hands it again because they were they were just being sold
out or back ordered everywhere it's just insane um but I did pick up a copy eventually and
I want to say I was impressed but at the same time I wasn't well let's let's break it down
let's start with the bad why why why did you leave with a feeling of me why weren't you
impressed because I was trying with the kinetic controllers and waving my hands and it didn't
feel responsive it really didn't feel responsive right like I couldn't I the controls confused
me a bit because I couldn't tell even from a tutorial which was to lock on what was the
auto fire what was this it was just bizarre please tell me you tried the controller at
some point though uh not yet but only because I figured it's part since eventually I got
the hang of it and since I was used to playing rez a lot I'm like okay now I got the hang
of let's just play like rez yeah try try try the controller it's just like rez at some
point try the controller you'll you'll be like okay this isn't so bad and plus it is
instead of because there's different uh scoreboards for connect versus controller and so forth
so you do get something out of it true I mean the opening visuals although a little long
were very good I mean I loved it and I did love some of the uh backgrounds and graphics
used and the music was okay it's just I didn't really pay attention to it because it's just
it didn't seem to blend in so I couldn't hear the music I was just too busy focusing on
the screen uh I think the problem is that so many people were talking so much hype about
it I felt like I felt like I was gonna get this game and I was gonna go outside and start
touching people and healing them because I always get the way the god power or something
like maybe maybe the artsiness of the game was was hyped up too much yeah which is probably
explains why I didn't like braid so much like I still love braid it's a great game I mean
yeah some people like the people like to smell their own farts like are really into oh braid
is an experience but yeah I just think braid is a solid game like it's a for like a download
title it's just it's fun it wasn't bad it was just it was like the gameplay itself was
nice the hype killed it the hype killed it the hype killed it yes and the ambiguous storyline
sort of left me feeling let me feel a sense of blue balls like what the hell just happened
all right well let's let's try to wrap on a positive note what did you enjoy on child
of eden what you said you were left with mixed feelings so there was some good what was the
good that you liked um the fact that like I said after I got used to connect controls
and use the gameplay I figured okay it's kind of like rez but a little easier because rez
at a few points got to be really insanely hard to the point of where you had a time
everything precisely otherwise it just didn't work so but child of eden just played a lot
easier and flowed a little better so you know I was okay with it I thought it was a good
game I just didn't think was god's gift game but I thought it was a really good game though
well I think the best news of all is you only paid ten dollars for it most people paid fifty
so yeah and the craziest part was the pre-owned was 35 uh that's a little backwards I know
I wonder how many people bought those just to sell them back to another store make some
money all right uh ddr dollar bill any other thoughts tonight um I had them and they went
out the window unfortunately you gotta write them down all right send us an email then
when you think of them all right take it easy guys all right have a good one buddy take
care bye uh 877 game olr or username on skype is orange launch radio let me get to some
of these tweets here I've been neglecting the twitter because the phone's actually been
uh uh lighting up here uh steve merryfield uh tweets us saying olr just got tickets to
video games live here in salt lake city have any of you been to see it it will be my first
uh yes I've been to see it it was the first time I ever met salacious pop for like five
seconds was at video games live actually um right remember yeah in person I mean I knew
you online but it was the first time I met you in person because I I found spike and
you were with spike I think and no I was with uh frat mad actually yeah and uh I was like
but I knew I knew I've known him for a long time we've been following each other on live
journal for years and then right when we shook hands the lights went down yes to go sit but
the show itself was a lot of fun um I think it's a very fun high energy show whereas like
uh the final fantasy dear friends was very much a night out at the opera uh tommy talarico
puts on a fun show and he's definitely about fun and bringing music you know and fusing
fun we did an interview with him and I don't remember what episode number it is I'm sure
it's on the olr wiki somewhere and it was a few years ago so it's back there I was in
the episode 200 somewhere probably uh but it was great and uh you check that it was
a long interview uh maybe somebody in chat will shout it out if some of the olr historians
who know their wiki really well uh will find that so um yeah so uh I thought I had a really
good time at video games live and so I think it's worth seeing at least once in your life
uh do you agree alan did you like video games live yeah no yeah good stuff all right let's
go to the phones you're getting another call hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
yo it's zino core from the okc how y'all doing hello okc zino core what is up buddy not much
not much I hope everybody's been paying attention to what the hell good old gains has been doing
lately because I've been playing the hell out of my copy of wind commander one and two
I have not had the chance to bring this up I was thinking of it during the break and
I forgot thank you for reminding me I did play good old games this week I finally made
an account on there but do you know it wasn't the wing commander thing that put me over
the edge although I think that's awesome it was the fact that they were giving away Ultima
4 quest of the avatar for free oh yeah that's right I did hear about that one too god I
miss the Ultima series it was a great series I mean yes I realize there's still Ultima
online and all that stuff but man the Ultima series is a great series and you know you
know they were gonna make a tenth one a few years ago and they just it was a canceled
project yeah it was a 3d a full 3d engine and everything and I think it just got too
big for what they were planning on yeah it's unfortunate but yes I made a GOG account this
week to get my copy of Ultima 4 even though I could probably download a copy on an abandonware
site somewhere but what I love about good old games or at least so far that I've experienced
is that they have the little DOS box thing fine-tuned to work like I don't have to think
about all these settings on how to emulate it just works and I like that I like that
it just works yeah it's worth the six bucks especially with the Wing Commander packs that
you're getting both Wing Commander one and two and the secret missions I think for one
both one and two and on top of that they actually have the I what I think is the game development
Bible for Wing Commander one and two because it covers every character every facet of the
game through Wing Commander one secret operations Wing Commander two and three so it's like
good lord it's the 50 megabyte PDF file what the hell's in this thing and it literally
it's like the the resource document for a game design so it's like that that's kind
of cool you know it on top of my purchase of Crusader Nora Morrison it's like I got
to give props to these guys are finally getting the games I want to buy from them so yeah
yeah so yeah good old games is you know if you if you are like why don't they make games
like they used to or you just want to play something from your youth that doesn't seem
to work on the computer check out good old games I will say this their library isn't
vast right now like one of the first games I went to go look up on good old games because
I like I would have paid 10 bucks for this game if I could find it it's a Sid Meier game
that's not civilization it's not even colonization and this is actually one of the games he said
he he in retrospect says it wasn't very good because they try to be too ambitious with
it but I disagree and it's covert action Sid Meier's covert action is like this James Bond-ish
type of game and its problem was that it was basically four separate games all thrown together
but I love covert action and I was hoping it was on good old games but it's not I was
hoping they pick up that one game spy craft that they ran back in like the early 90s that
was all full motion video and stuff and all James Bond-esque even had live torture in
there it's kind of weird it's done in our chat by the way is verifying it still free
right now is at the time we're recording and put a link in chat at GOG.com for Ultima 4
if you want to check it out yeah so everybody go get it now go on do it now anyway that's
all I had make sure you love your old games guys as I show your old games some love I
think that was a great tip thank you for bringing it up because I want to mention GOG but I
got sidetracked with all the Disney talk well here I am putting you back on check all right
thank you very much I appreciate it looking out for us take care all right bye all right
interesting we've had a lot of calls that are tonight kind of endorsing online services
it's kind of neat so wow some people in chat remember covert action I feel loved DDR dollar
bill says fuck yeah and Kai's you know says covert action is the best I love that game
oh my god act-deaf to by the way also went in the wiki and found it was episode 285 from
June 29th 2008 had the Tommy Tallarico interview that would have been right around our seventh
anniversary show it was probably the weekend before so there you go 285 as to where you
can find episode 285 come into chat that or associate calm at some point and hell I might
have it still somewhere but I'm sure is it some folks like dark to see and so forth have
the old episodes and it might even be on the ol archive dot TK our FTP server thanks to
the generosity of the web people to put it on including VX Jason XV is just the man that
helps our website have a place to be up to our FTP some time ago so we haven't actually
deleted anything from the FTP in like one or two years so you might it might still be
on the FTP I'm just not sure so one thing that I thought was funny about that video
games live performance we went to is that I feel that Bay Area geeks are kind of pretentious
and how serious you know they take everything and that video games live was where they debuted
their orchestra performance of the time scar Oh scar of time scar time from Chrono Cross
and they they it was like a medley with a big song from Chrono Trigger and it was like
the world premiere and everyone of course loved it but we were all so serious in the
audience that like no no one made a peep because it was such an awesome moment for those those
beautiful songs to be played but I think Tommy Tallarico was like like he didn't like it's
like they're all just dead in the audience but we were just all in there and I was just
really into it like they are it very people don't fuck around yeah and he kept for us
to play this next song everyone stand up say yeah and like pump your fists and we're like
we don't do that here bro we're very serious we don't hoot and holler in San Francisco
we're serious business I think that kind of went against his personality but I mean but
also I I Tommy does great things I'm not slamming what he does but I think to do that like like
fist pump for Chrono Cross not really like you fist pump for Halo you fist pump for you
know those those other types of high energy games I'm not saying that Chrono Cross is
a boring game or whatever but it's just you know role-playing games are a little different
it's art damn it yes yes thank you it's art damn it all right there's hella people in
our chat room that are like fuck yeah free Ultima 4 I will say this I had Ultima 4 on
the NES it was so good like it's just it's hard as fuck but it is good it's a good game
all right anyhow back to tweets we keep being derailed from tweets tonight let's see going
to redertainment which game coming out holiday do you think will be the biggest bust I think
Skyrim will disappoint but uncharted 3 will sell poorly oh that's an interesting question
entertainment says which game do you think will be the biggest bust this holiday I actually
disagree I think Skyrim is gonna do awesome but that's total fanboy in me what do you
think Loki you're grinning over there what what game do you think will be a bust Skylanders
I fucking hate Skylanders I hope it burns oh is that the the game with the pets and
stuff it's a game from Activision starring Spyro Skylanders yes you ran it about this
before fuck that burns and fire um I'm see I would have said Star Wars connect but they
already bumped it to 2012 so now I'm in a predicament what do I say is going to disappoint
this holiday I don't know I feel like everything that might have disappointed got bumped to
Christmas I don't think I can say the 3ds because it's no longer got the Vita to compete
with well I could say one but it's probably just a no-brainer Silent Hill but yeah but
I don't even consider that like a big title with high expectations I I don't know I don't
know what would possibly disappoint so then I reloaded somebody's gonna really hate me
for saying this I think the game will be great but Dance Central too I think that I don't
think it's gonna be quite as huge of a deal as the first one and it's because the market
has been saturated because now you have the Just Dance and so far I hope it doesn't but
I don't know there's this weird part of me that's kind of like I don't think it's gonna
make waves like the first one did I hope I'm wrong I hope I'm wrong because I really like
those games but I just think the markets gonna be very saturated and I'm a little worried
Knights of the Old Republic MMO you are just going for the throat and all of those wow
players that are really don't like wow and want Knights of the Old Republic to just finally
take me away from wow please Jesus God six years have been playing this shed be the promised
land and they're gonna play and it's gonna be like oh no this isn't the solution I was
looking for that's that's a clever response I like that all right anyhow moving on to
other tweets spazinator sends us a very interesting tweets well it finally happened I have become
an ex-bot fuck Sony I'll pirate their shit before I buy any of their stuff again sorry
I won't be in chat personal stuff going on now if you've been listening to orange on
radio for the past I don't know a couple of years spazinator calls in pretty reliably
once a month if not a little more often that and talks about the latest going on on PSN
especially the video marketplace but he's also run into some major issues when it comes
to he's had like three of them break down on him so I'm very curious to see what sent
him over the edge like was it one more breakdown was it one bad customer service call like
I've got to know like what fucking just because that and I wouldn't I would not see those
tweets coming from spazinator like what fucking broke him like I've got to know I've got to
know right yeah and he had problems where he would buy games and then he would get a
new console but they wouldn't unlock his games for him yeah yeah he had a lot of problems
with them I don't know so pod culture sent us a tweet that says hello from dragon con
so we want to say hello right back to pod culture sorry you and bobby couldn't get
on the show tonight we had a late start live we miss you guys and congrats on your parsec
award that you won for your podcast the tardis interruptus the name escaped me for a minute
there but thank you the doctor who podcast moving on to some tweets from tiger claw a
couple tweets here I read this right before the show this is fascinating to me League
of Legends shutting down mac support tweets tiger claw a story that after a year of beta
testing riot games is just canceling mac off support for League of Legends it will be ending
at midnight on Tuesday they've said quote our current approach regarding the mac platform
won't guarantee the quality and frequent updates we deliver today on the pc they're not ruling
out a mac version in the future they say they are committed to building a solution that
will work on the mac in the long run but it will take some time the shutdown will be effective
midnight on September 6 now the beta testers who used League of Legends they can either
get a full refund if they use the store or they can keep their accounts open and play
on a pc all the mac players will get a code for a champion pack a mac player means that
the majority of the logins came from the mac client those have to also be redeemed before
Tuesday so if you're a mac player League of Legends go get your free ship before they
shut it down right pretty much is what it is that's a bummer uh let's see also another
tweet here uh he sent us a tweet about that whole comcast story it's not directly related
to games but did you hear about how comcast uh in a nutshell hurricane irene happened
and shut down the power and comcast won't refund people for it because they say that's
an act of god but if you don't believe in god tricky tricky uh no you're right it could
be i don't know but i'm sorry i don't believe in god so they consider a hurricane part of
that but here's the thing i also kind of why don't you just call it act of nature you can't
dispute it is nature whatever i'm not going to get into that because it's way too controversial
for our little video game show however i will say this i i it's not that i'm siding with
comcast in this i kind of just think you should do the goodwill thing and you know it was
a pretty big event you should just chip in the extra extra couple days internet and suck
it up but i mean you guys you guys power outages are gonna happen and like you will be without
cable tv and you know i understand that's gonna happen but they're you know the power
company doesn't charge me for power that i'm using when there's no power and you know what
comcast could easily fucking bury their goddamn lines in the ground we wouldn't have any of
this problem i i i do think they should just suck it up and do it out of goodwill but i
also at the same time i'm just saying you know what they're these are risks you take
and i kind of think it's justified a little bit i think it's bad at customer relations
but it's it's it's not a illegal business decision i just think it's not gonna keep
people in their good graces that's all
when i worked at pac bell and we had a two or three day outage of dsl broadband in a
certain area or just just like our email service went down for a couple days we would say okay
you're paying 20 bucks a month it was down for three days i have supervisor approval
to refund you for seven cents and of course the customer would go completely batshit but
it's like this this is in our it's in our terms of terms and conditions that we have
outages right and you're agreeing to deal with that right all right sorry it's probably
not the popular response you were hoping from us angry people at olr but you know we you
have to kind of look at both sides of it i'm just happy that the hurricane didn't end up
being as horrific as they thought i mean yes i understand vermont flooded and some people
were in bad situations and that really sucks however i'm glad it wasn't as terrible as
they were saying in the beginning right like we were thinking it was going to be even worse
so i'm just really glad it wasn't even worse anyhow uh one more tweet from tiger claw and
this is interesting because it's about i didn't hear about this for the show tonight but i
guess there is an uncharted 3 trailer that is uh out and it is a portuguese trailer and
they did a version of it that i guess i guess the way they translated the trailer or whatever
and the way the voices sound and so forth isn't going over very well in brazil and they're
going to naughty dogs forums to just basically yell at people and say that you know you don't
even know what the hell you're doing basically it's kind of like you know when you get a
really bad english dub here like come on who didn't see one of those videos for heavy rain
jason jason like you know and it was very obviously french people doing english accents
you know it's kind of like that similar thing but we take a lot of that for granted because
you know if it's english the most you know between that and japanese like the two languages
used in most games we just take for granted that uh the other languages probably sound
all right too and this is a case where it doesn't so there you go all right and a couple
more tweets here uh dart ditsuya tweeted us and said here's confirmation the anaheim move
for wondercon was confirmed there will not be wondercon in san francisco next year it's
in anahine moscone center is being completely like that wing of it is being shut down for
renovations so the weekend that they would want to have it no choice it's yeah no choice
all right and lastly tonight shad leland tweets us saying forgot to mention on the phone dance
central two crews are awesome and it sounds like they have big plans for them reminds
me of bust a groove bust a move now those were good fucking games i just saw a little
gameplay clip of one of those games the other night and i was like god i know that game
busted bust a move as it's more properly called uh had a third game for the ps2 yeah it was
uh um oh god it had that wacky controller shane has it he brought a dance summit yeah
that's what it's called yeah i completely missed it yep i didn't even hear about it
till last year so we are running so late tonight that uh the press event for dragon quest 10
has started it's it's now 10 o'clock on the west coast 1 p.m this has been a long fucking
show tonight i'm gonna go ahead and close up the skype line it wasn't ringing anyway
i think we got everybody the one to get through i will ask loki real quick though if there's
any last minute story no he's like no i want to go all right that's going to do it then
for another episode of orange launch radio thank you guys so much for tuning into our
show tonight and staying up for a long show easily a three and a half hour show tonight
really appreciate it you guys um especially with the late start to live so it was long
and late so um thank you guys as always for downloading our show and supporting us you
know what we always say we don't have advertising dollars behind the show we don't have a lot
to um really you know market our show so all we ask if you like orange on radio tell a
friend or two about it um help us out by leaving a five-star review on itunes or whatever podcasting
client you used to discover this podcast we could definitely use the promotion word of
mouth is all we got so we really appreciate it salacious pop i want to thank you so much
for sitting in tonight and filling in for dark sakura i'm sure she'll be very proud
of the work you did tonight thank you thank you very much um do you have any final thoughts
for our listeners tonight um no anything you want to plug any twitters or anything like
that if olr fans so desperately missed the sound of my voice since i haven't been on
olr proper in so long i do guest on horde house oh yeah which i forgot to plug tonight
hordehouse.com world of warcraft because wow is all i play so yeah there you go all right
well thank you for being here uh my final thought tonight is uh now it's so late that
now pinkberry's closed what am i gonna do cry sob ball loki your final thought tonight
freddy wong's awesome all right thank you guys so much for checking us out tonight we
will be back next week dark sakura will be back next week and we'll do it all over again
when we resume next week with more of orange lounge radio have a great week everybody and
have a wonderful for those of you in the us have a wonderful labor day holiday don't burn
yourself on any barbecues all right don't be stupid have a great week everybody you've
been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views
and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire
staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next
week.
