This is your host, DarkSakura, Sky and Lowkey!
Tonight September 11th, 2011, details leak on the new 3DS circle pad, Xbox Live issues
bans for theft, and is the Wii U running into problems?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of that show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday night and you can head over to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com
if you want to participate live in our chatroom.
If you want to hear the stream, hopefully you're already on the stream,
but I'll say it for the sake of the podcast listeners,
you can tune in Sunday nights at www.allgames.com
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at about 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First off, say hello to the one, the only, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Summers?
Hungry.
You're hungry, but it looks like you're eating over there,
so you're getting that hunger problem fixed, right?
Yes.
It's very nutritious.
Nutritious, delicious?
It's brown rice and tempeh with okonomiyaki sauce.
I love brown rice and vegetables.
Really?
Alright, no.
It's worse than dog food?
Really?
Dog it, chow.
Also, say hello to the one, the only, tech master, Loki.
Hello.
And how are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
And of course, to answer the question in our chat room,
what did you get for dinner tonight?
Well, I got another double bacon western burger,
but I'm not even really that hungry,
but I figured if I don't eat something, I'm going to be hungry later,
because I had a big lunch, but it was round one.
If I don't eat anything between 1 o'clock and 11 o'clock or whatever,
I'll probably be starving by 11.
You know what I had to hold me over for tonight's show is a frappuccino.
That's the food I had this week.
But I will be getting something more substantial after the show.
Hey, it's pumpkin spice frappuccino.
It's really good.
Alright.
What is your kick with pumpkin spice lately?
This is my favorite time of year.
I love pumpkin.
I love pumpkin pie.
They have pumpkin pop tarts now, and oh my gosh,
they now make Hershey's Kisses that are pumpkin spice flavored.
It's heaven.
It's great.
And they don't pay me to say that.
It really is that good.
Or to quote Rob from Wow last night,
it tastes like world peace.
It did taste like world peace.
Alright, we do have a guest on tonight's show.
At least he's going to join us for at least the first half here.
And it's someone that used to come to OLR all the time,
but we have not seen her in a very, very long time.
I think you guys will be pleasantly surprised to hear back on the show,
Miss Irene is joining us tonight.
How are you?
I'm good.
You guys might've known her as Rice Princess about a hundred episodes ago,
but I think she has left that name behind.
You know, it's okay to use it for Orange Land Radio,
because that's how people know me here.
I don't understand when you do want a nickname.
Like when does Prince want to be Prince?
He's always Prince.
Oh yeah, I'm like Prince 2.0.
Alright.
Well, welcome back to the show Rice Princess.
Thank you.
What's new in your world?
Let me have you reintroduce yourself for those that are like newer to Orange
Land Radio who weren't here a hundred episodes ago.
You're a gamer girl, obviously.
Sort of.
I mean, like, yeah, I don't know.
I've kind of...
What, you don't play games anymore?
I thought you did.
It's not that I'm not interested in playing games.
I just don't have time.
But I would if I could.
Have you been playing anything lately?
No.
Really?
No.
I thought you and your boyfriend had a Wii,
and at least were playing stuff on that, or is it mostly him?
It's mostly him.
I have a Gamefly account, and he'll get games,
and then I'll watch him play them,
but I just don't have the energy to play anything.
Well, then get off the show.
I'm just kidding.
But you do love your classic games at least, right?
I do.
And I mean, like I said, I will play games when I have the time.
Just I'm very busy.
Alright.
You kind of sound like a lot like Salacious Pop last week who mentioned
when he was here that he's more into like gaming culture.
Yes.
That's kind of the thing.
Yeah.
So that's kind of where you're at too.
Well, what would you say are like some of the best video games ever made?
Your favorites?
Well, like my favorite is Chrono Trigger.
Final Fantasy Tactics is like it's pretty close to Chrono Trigger.
Super Metroid.
Just like really from the Super Nintendo era,
most of the games on the Super Nintendo.
Like Super Nintendo was just like perfect gaming, wasn't it?
That was the golden system.
Yes, it was.
I agree in many ways.
I don't know if gaming will ever be that good ever again.
Like gaming is just different now.
Oh, yeah.
It just is.
Especially like a game I was playing this week that I'll get into later
in my gaming week is like it's like interacting with a movie now.
It's like it's like it's not I mean, it's not a bad thing.
It's just you know, and maybe this is a little bit of get off my lawn
syndrome, but it's just not the same like it was.
No, no, you know.
OK, so if you have been listening for a while, you know that I hate
Microsoft and like the Xbox systems that they have.
But we actually ended up buying one.
Like I finally allowed my boyfriend to let to have one in the house,
which is a huge deal because when you were on the show before,
you were very staunch, anti Microsoft, anti Xbox.
Yes, but.
Oh, what?
Yes, I am.
No, no, I just mean console wise, like I don't like Microsoft,
but the Wii is a piece of shit.
The PS3 is way too much and they don't have any good games.
And it's just he really wanted one.
And I'm like, fine, you know, I can't hold them back any longer.
It kind of I have to admit that it's probably the best system out right
now, console wise.
So but when we get games on that console,
I really feel like an idiot, like a retard.
Like, I don't know what I'm doing.
They're all first person shooter controls.
And like you kind of have to go to game college to to like learn the
controls on these games.
It's crazy.
You want to go back and just play puzzle fighter?
I want two buttons on my controller.
God damn it.
I'm tired of all this stupid bullshit.
But no, I mean,
I guess it just takes a little bit more effort to learn how to play a game.
But I don't know.
Some of the games are pretty good.
Do you have anything you want to plug while you're here on the show tonight?
Usually our guests want to plug something.
No, not really.
OK. Thought I thought I'd offer.
All right.
Well, you'll be joining us throughout the show and offer your witty insight
and commentary. Please do.
Maybe as we continue on throughout tonight's show.
Dark Soccer wants her mic back.
I really like your Avengers T-shirt.
Thank you very much.
All right.
I just looked over and saw Ms. Marvel and it made me happy.
I want to get into a couple discussion topics before we get into tonight's
gaming weeks and all that, how we always start off the show.
But I have to mention this at some point.
Today's a very big day.
I have to address the elephant in the room.
It is September 11th, 2011,
which obviously 10 years ago was a horrible,
horrible day that we should never forget.
I was fortunate when I was 17 years old.
I got to go to the Trade Center and I have a very vivid memory of being on
the roof of the Trade Center.
But I drove by it with a big hole in it.
Oh, when you it was right after the bottom floor got bombed.
Oh, gosh.
That's when I was 17.
Wow. And it's just, you know, the whole thing,
watching it on TV was just just just so difficult and everything.
And, you know, we have a lot of listeners in New York City and Washington
and back east and all those places that were affected.
And it's like, you know, the impact we felt three thousand miles away.
I can't even imagine just that experience.
So, you know, we should never forget what happened.
However, it is important, you know, video games.
It's something that we do to escape sometimes the pains the real world.
I know when I have a shitty day at work,
I like to come home and blast things on my Xbox. It's fun.
So, you know, if we can make you laugh on what is otherwise just kick the cat.
Stop. You do not. You love your cat.
If we can make you laugh on what is otherwise,
she wouldn't feel it. No, she wouldn't.
I do pet her with my foot, though, so I don't have to bend over.
As I was saying, if we can make you laugh on what is otherwise kind of a tough day for some people,
then I think we've done our job. So and fuck terrorists like seriously.
Fuck them. They suck. So if we do what we do.
Then they don't get it. We can commemorate something else today.
That's right. Let's move on, because something else monumental happened today 31 years ago.
And you know what that is? Loki was born, everybody. It's Loki's birthday.
Yay. Happy birthday, Loki.
So in commemoration, it looks like Irene has actually brought over some bacon cupcakes for Loki.
I love this. Did you get a picture up on the website?
Yes, I did. Awesome.
They should be on orangejonesradio.com. Go look at it now.
I'll eat them later. I can't eat them right now. I'm too full from the other bacon stuff.
I really shouldn't have eaten that. It was too much.
It's like milkshake or bacon burger.
It's like bacon burger. Should have gone with the milkshake.
So any good video game related loot for your birthday or not yet?
Nope. Well, someone, I really hate not remembering. Someone gifted me Xbox Live code last night.
I didn't get to check what it was for yet.
So that's kind of cool. You'll have to check that out. Let's see.
I was going to look up real quick. Ryan Belnap gifted me something from Xbox Live.
I will go check that out and I really appreciate it. I didn't really get on my Xbox today.
It was like last night sucked. My cat was being an asshole.
So I didn't get it. Hardly any sleep. Maybe a few hours.
Today I ended up sleeping in and then it was out to lunch and then came back.
I was messing with Grand Theft Auto stuff. Didn't get a chance to boot it back up again.
Well, I hope your birthday is awesome and congratulations.
Thank you.
We're all in our 30s now. So it's the podcast. Oh, not Irene, but you're just visiting tonight.
So yeah, we're now the podcast for those in their mid 30s. Awesome.
Whatever. I understand what's hip and cool nowadays.
Except for toy trends, I don't understand that crap.
I think they're just making all sorts of weird shit up now and kids are just buying it and I don't get it.
You know what? When kids are maybe about one and a half and younger, they don't care.
They'll play with the box, save some money and buy them a box.
I seem to recall, Josh, your kid really loved the Kinect calibration card.
Still does.
Still does. The wacky, creepy happy face.
They're like, babies are like cats.
You can go buy the most expensive cat toy ever, but they don't care. They want to play with the twist ties and the box.
So if you drop them from six feet, they'll land on all fours?
No. I said they're like cats. I didn't say they were cats.
And besides that, it's not like they have clear vision until they're, you know, 10 months old anyway.
It is pretty true that they do like all sorts of random stuff.
Usually, I mean, he'll chase after sunlight on the floor.
So pretty much anything amuses him.
Save money, everybody. Don't buy them toys. Buy them twist ties.
There you go. All right, going to a couple of discussion topics here before we get into our gaming weeks.
I want to mention this comment from our chat room. Of course, the chat room is always live with us.
chat.orangelaundry.com
This, I think, is an interesting follow-up to what I believe Irene was saying a minute ago
when she was kind of talking about how she had a distaste for Xbox for so long
and kind of just got over it and has one in the house now.
I like this comment from Eric K. I'm curious what you guys think about it.
I'm more loyal to games than systems anyway.
Kind of an interesting comment, and I see Irene shaking her head over there.
What do you think of that comment?
I was nodding my head.
Shaking it up and down, of course.
Yes, of course.
No, I mean, I can understand that.
Well, really, okay, when we grew up, we only had one system in the house at a time.
We didn't have a Genesis and a Super Nintendo and all that stuff.
I think we all grew up in families that couldn't afford that.
Except for you.
No, I didn't have a Genesis and a Nintendo and all that stuff at the same time.
I only ever had Nintendo systems.
I had a Nintendo, Super Nintendo.
Well, I lied because then I had a PlayStation, but I didn't have a 64.
Yeah, I've been pretty loyal to Nintendo.
I threw away a 64 one day.
Oh my gosh.
Well, I bought it from my ex-girlfriend's brother at the time, and then I was just like,
I don't want this, so I threw it away.
You just threw it away.
Exactly.
No, it wasn't even, it was way later.
I just decided one day I didn't want it anymore, so I threw it away. Carry on, carry on.
No, it was way later.
We're talking like in the 2000s when I bought the Super Nintendo 64.
It wasn't, you know, it wasn't a new system by any means.
We still had our Clicca vision when I was a kid, and then we got, my dad got me a NES,
and then I had a SNES, and then I traded with my friend and had his Genesis for a while,
traded back, and then rented a TurboGrafx for like my graduation deal or something.
And then my friend's, my roommate's boyfriend left his PlayStation in the room
because he didn't have a TV in my dorm room.
So I did have multiple systems, but it was because of circumstance.
So I think it all goes with the golden rule of gaming, going back to the comment, you know,
what we always say here on Orange Andrea, the system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
I was very much, you know, an Xbox hater for the first generation of Xbox systems,
but then after that, it was just kind of alright.
Well, when I borrowed my friend's Genesis, he had a power-based converter
and tons of Master System games too, so.
I think PlayStation 3 is coming an awfully long way too.
You know, when they first came out, they were kind of the laughing stock of the industry,
and for many good reasons, but you know, despite the hack earlier this year,
which I still say, Microsoft isn't as invulnerable as all y'all think.
Remember, I had $150 stolen just last month.
I have a follow-up on that I'm going to get to in a minute, by the way.
But I think PlayStation 3 is coming off a long way since then.
I think they got a lot of really good stuff going for them there.
Obviously, Little Big Planet is like one of my favorite games ever to come out this generation,
so lots of good stuff.
Anyhow, other things I want to talk about.
I guess I'll mention the Xbox Live hack.
Okay, if you go back about, what, four weeks ago on the show,
I talked about how I had money stolen from my Xbox Live account,
called Microsoft, was told that in 21 days, they'd get the money back and whatever.
I got an email from them about 25 days after.
It was about Wednesday, saying that they, you know, apologized for the inconvenience,
duh-duh-duh, but they did the investigation and that they concluded it was indeed fraudulent
and I will be getting the money back on my account.
And then they sent me like three separate codes for one month of Xbox Live Gold.
So I guess the cool thing is, even though I haven't been able to play my Xbox for the past 21 days,
25 days, month basically, I got the codes.
So now I got to extend out my Xbox Live Gold for three months.
So I guess that's cool, but I'm still waiting for the money because the email I got said,
it may take up to 10 days for the money to actually get credited to your credit card or whatever.
And I'm just like, oh my God, it's been over a month.
That's 150 bucks I had to eat for a month.
I mean, luckily I have a savings account, but it's just kind of irritating.
I mean, really, it takes that long to figure out that a different IP and different MAC address,
Xbox, probably in another country, logged in and did it, you know, it's just, come on.
But whatever, at least it's on the path to getting fixed
and I was able to finally play the 360 this week a little bit.
I'll talk in a moment about some things I was playing on there.
One other thing I want to bring up because I was thinking about this today.
I was at Fry's, which obviously is a big retailer out here on the West Coast,
a big electronics store, and was looking at 3DS games randomly.
And, you know, Star Fox 64 just came out.
And I was looking at the Namco Generations had just come out as well,
which is, you know, for us folks that like our retro games, it's like a Pac-Man reimagining,
Pac-Man Championship Edition, I think Galaga.
It's a Pac-Man and Galaga Legions, or Dimensions, I'm sorry.
Yeah, you know, Dimensions, so it's all like 3D and all that stuff.
And I was really tempted to get it.
Don't.
Well, here's the thing, I looked at the price tag and I was like, it's 40 bucks.
40 bucks?
3DS games are 40 bucks.
I get that, but...
I know, it's Pac-Man.
It's interesting to me because they just recently cut the cost of the 3DS from $250 to $160.
But I don't know if that's really the problem.
The problem are those games.
Those games are too expensive.
I'll talk to my Namco guy.
He's like, dude, I got tons of 3DS games.
Well, I just ended up giving them away to my friends.
I'm like, sweet, cool, send me some.
I mean, I'm not gonna say no to that, that's for sure.
But for the masses and everybody out there, and even other games, like Star Fox 64,
I might have considered buying it if it was 20 bucks.
Yeah, you know why?
It's because they claim that it takes extra development time to develop the extra dimension
or whatever it is.
Or maybe the dev kids cost a little bit more.
No, the cost more for the other dimension is a load of turd because they came out and
they said any game that uses a z-axis in calculation, you can easily adapt it to 3DS.
Well, yeah, it's just another virtual camera.
It's ridiculous.
Anybody who says that that extra dimension should cost more money is full of crap.
No, it's just because it's a new generation, they think they can up the prices.
And I think that's gonna be the problem holding it back.
You know, and it's interesting to me because there's been a lot of talk lately about how
stubborn Nintendo has been and how much they have really not liked the mobile gaming stuff
because 99-cent Angry Birds has been cheapening, quote-unquote, the game industry as a whole.
And I'm kind of like, well, I don't think 99-cent Angry Birds is the reason why I feel
like a $40 Pac-Man Galaga game is a rip-off.
I don't care how many dimensions the fucking game has.
I'm just like, $40 is a lot.
Nintendo's dumb in the sense that they think that a game like Angry Birds, a very basic
physics puzzler game, I mean, didn't take that much to develop.
I mean, it was probably just a couple guys in a room, you know, putting it together real quick.
Done. Game, you just create levels and you're done.
They could make a Super Mario Bros. game, like a Super Mario Bros. episodic game running
on the All-Stars engine or something like that and make new levels in a level editor,
charge 99-cents, and people eat that shit up.
You could have just like 20 levels in it.
It wouldn't take that long to even make.
You don't have to do anything new.
Just make new levels.
Done. 99-cents.
You put it right out there, everyone will buy that shit.
The price of all these games really has to make me stop and think about what I really want.
I mean, you know, even $60 for a 360 or PlayStation 3 game is asking a lot of money.
And there's only a certain kind of game that I'm willing to pay that for.
Gone are the days that you would just pick up a game on a whim.
You know what I mean?
Like, remember when you just, yeah, pick up a game on a whim.
It looks interesting. I'll try it.
You know, those days really seem gone.
Looking at the holiday, there's so many games coming out and I'm really having to choose,
like, okay, I gotta drop 60 bucks on all these games.
What am I actually gonna buy? Skyrim.
See, that's the thing, though, is, yes, gone are the days of buying something on a whim,
not necessarily playing something on a whim, especially some, you know,
how easy it is to pirate things nowadays on certain systems.
Yeah, but that's a whole nother Oprah.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's just, not even going into the piracy angle.
Let's just say that most people don't do that.
I don't, I don't...
A lot of stuff, like, I'll look at games, you know, they're coming out, I'm like,
hey, you know what, that'd be kind of cool to get, but then I ask myself,
am I really gonna play this?
Because I have a lot of games that I buy and end up not really playing or finishing or something,
and I figure I should just finish the ones I have first and then buy the ones I really want
and end up just not missing the ones I end up skipping on.
You know, interesting comment in our chat room.
Part Machine in our chat says, if people played PC games, this would not be a problem.
Interesting that that comment is said because one of the places where I do buy things on a whim,
just because they're cheap and they look interesting, is Steam.
You know, I bought a game on there for like $1.50 the other day.
Why? Because it was $1.50 and it was a puzzler and it looked interesting and I like puzzle games.
And if it sucks, eh, it's only $1.50, right?
So, funny enough, that is the place where I tend to spend a little more frivolously.
So, I don't... maybe he's right.
Well, just like, you know, like virtual console stuff. Remember, virtual console stuff is like $6 a pop for NES games.
I mean, fuck, you can get those NES games in NES form on cartridges for a lot cheaper than that.
And I just, I don't see the point, especially when they're not doing anything.
They're dumping a ROM into an emulator. Why should I give you money for that?
I can go download that for free.
Is this a rant about the Mario 25th Anniversary Collection disc?
Oh! Well, that's just stupid. And I knew that from the get-go.
I'm like, okay, whoever buys this is retarded because all it is is it's just, it's literally a port of the game and they did nothing to it.
Nothing at all to the game.
And, oh, it has a soundtrack in there, but because it says Mario 25th Anniversary Edition, people are gonna eat that stuff up.
And you know what? That right there, that game is a perfect analogy of Nintendo and its consumer base.
People will bitch and moan that they don't get their import game in there, but you know what?
You're the same dumb fuckers that are buying a game that they didn't change, that they released on the system a long time ago,
and they're selling for, I'm guessing, more than what the game actually costs anyways.
You only have yourself to blame for Nintendo having $40 games on the 3DS.
It's because you're an idiot and you will buy this $30 Mario game. That's literally wrong.
They could have put it on the Virtual Console, sold it for $10, and went with it in the same damn game.
But no, Nintendo being smart, they said, hey, you know what? We're gonna charge $30 for it.
We'll call it limited edition. We're actually gonna make it limited.
And now that shit goes on eBay for like $80 because people are dumb.
Well, at the same token, today I said no to buying that game.
I looked at the game and I said, this looks really good, but I'm gonna wait for it to end up in the clearance bin.
Yeah, and I know, I mean, I said the same thing about the Mario game. I'm like, eh, screw it.
But at the same time, a lot of other people didn't, and they're all sold out.
And I understand, yeah, they may have been quite limited, but we're talking limited as in a few hundred thousand copies.
I mean, that's a lot of money that they made from a ROM.
Speaking of PC games, that chat comment has me thinking, and Steam and Good Deals, I've gotta plug this.
I just, I have to. As a fan of this game, Civilization V is on sale right now.
And probably by the time the podcastees hear this, the sale will probably be done, because I think it was just the weekend.
But at least for the live folks, it's like $12.50 right now for Civ V.
My favorite Civilization since the original, for real.
That's the game that last week on the show I said I was up until 2 in the morning playing one night,
because, wow, where did the time go? With friends.
So, if you like strategy games, even in the slightest, or if you've ever enjoyed a Civilization game a little bit,
you should drop the money to check it out. For real.
So, anyhow, I guess we should move on and talk about our gaming weeks.
So, we always like to start off the show with talking about our gaming weeks,
even if we're not really starting the show with it, but whatever, play along.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played WoW.
WoW? What a different week for you.
I got Rebecca Black to 80.
I think it's funny you have a character named Rebecca Black that hasn't had a change.
I made it as a total joke.
That hasn't had a change your name yet.
No. Well, I'm not gonna pay to change your name. If they want me to change your name, they're gonna give me a free name change.
They usually do.
And then I'm gonna name her Becca Black.
Or maybe Lady Ark Music.
Friday?
Friday, that'd be funny.
Well, I was gonna change Fatty Cakes to Ursulal, but I like Fatty Cakes.
And then I played some Tiny Tower and Sims.
I played Sims 3 and the stupid other Sims.
This freaking addicting as I thought.
Sims Facebook.
I just completely rearranged my house while you were here.
Sims Facebook is one of those things I am ashamed to admit I play.
It's fun.
No, it's terrible.
It's great. It's really actually just like playing Sims except, you know, you can't rotate your house.
Here's the thing. They have got to cool it with the posting to the wall and all that stuff.
Like, I thought that they went after the makers of Farmville because that shit was spamming everything too much.
And you can't tell me. Sims Social, like, Slices Pop was telling me.
He tried to find a video that he posted to my wall and he couldn't find it amongst all the bullshit Sims Social posts.
And you can block the app, but that only goes so far.
Like, then when you go to the page, it doesn't show anything.
You keep having to load because that Sims Social posts so much stuff.
I mean, it's just...
I want the game to come out on Google Plus because at least Google Plus kind of exiles that all to one.
Like, the game stuff all has to be on a separate page.
Yeah.
I really want Sims Social on Google Plus, but they probably won't bring it there for that reason.
That's probably how they've got an assload of players is because it's all over Facebook.
And people are like, the Sims? I love that game.
I'm pissed off that my mother hasn't become my neighbor and I'm going to fuss at her.
No, I'm kidding.
But I'm apparently, though, in the game, randomly dating, like, one of my old friends from the AOL days.
I am actually a dating Mistress Tia, if you remember her from the show.
We're boyfriend and girlfriend in Sims Social, and she came over for some woohoo the other day.
I can't woohoo my girlfriend in-game because she doesn't have a double bed, but we can play in the bathtub.
Wow!
You can click on the bathtub and woohoo in the bathtub.
It's going to be one of those weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I found the mod, by the way, for Sims 3.
Wait, don't you have a spa in your house? You can't woohoo in the spa?
At her house.
Trust me, you can woohoo in the spa.
At her house.
Oh, okay. I see.
But I did find there's a patch for Sims 3 where you can change woohoo to fuck.
Nice.
And they're finally breaking the animations where they're doing items with custom animations, so everyone look toward Sexy Sims 2 for new mods.
Because I had a ton of them on Sims 2 because I'm a little prevert.
I also played some Osotatakeo Endon while I was at school because I was bored.
I started reading a book, but I don't like it, so I'm not going to read it anymore.
I have to write a review on it, so look on Geek Life for the Too Long Didn't Read.
Alright.
Plug.
Let's move on to Techmaster Loki. How was your gaming week?
Didn't play a ton of different things, mainly just Earth Defense Force, Insect Armageddon.
I'm starting to level up my jet character now, so that's at level 5, I believe.
And my tactical's at 8, and just playing a little bit more of that.
We were trying to play some of the remixed missions on Inferno.
It's as hard as Inferno on the first game, which is really hard.
Then more Grand Theft Auto stuff. I've been messing around with that.
And made some new mods that no one's done yet, so I'll have to work on that stuff later on.
What else did I play?
I think that's pretty much it. I tried that vid rhythm once, and it was just kind of like, eh.
Which didn't end up being a game. Although the app itself is kind of a neat concept.
It's a fun little, huh, neat. You run it and you go, huh, neat.
But it's not a game, and I was kind of disappointed by that.
Because I wanted Harmonix to do an awesome frequency game on the iPhone.
That didn't happen. I'm sad.
There's nothing really rhythm about it. It's just vid record clip.
Vid clippin'.
Pretty much, yeah.
Anything else in your gaming week?
That's it.
I know, Irene, you said you've been very busy at school lately.
Is there anything that you have been playing in the past week or so that you want to acknowledge?
Guild Wars.
Oh, you've been playing Guild Wars. Like old school Guild Wars, huh? How's that been going for you?
Well, it's been going well.
What do you do in Guild Wars? Why do you keep playing Guild Wars?
Because it's free and I don't have a lot of time to play, so I won't feel like a stupid bitch if I pay $15 a month for a game that I never play.
So Guild Wars, I've always kind of called the game, at least there's always Guild Wars.
You know, when you have to quit WoW and Final Fantasy XI or whatever your MMO addiction is of choice,
at least there's always Guild Wars if you've bought it at some point, whether it be back when it first came out or one of those ridiculous Steam sales.
If Final Fantasy XI goes free to play, I don't know where my life's going to take me then.
Well, not to change the subject, but there's an interesting rumor I've come across.
They did a survey for the Final Fantasy XI player base about what systems people are playing Final Fantasy XI on.
And people are drawing conclusions from this that Final Fantasy XI is looking to ditch the PlayStation 2 because that's what's holding it back, tech-wise.
If Final Fantasy XI could ditch the PlayStation 2, they could do all new textures, the game could get an overhaul.
That would be very interesting because then Final Fantasy XI could hypothetically look like Final Fantasy XIV but not suck.
It'd be very interesting.
Why don't we just get rid of Final Fantasy XIV and just pretend it doesn't exist?
Tell everybody, hey, you know what? I know you bought Final Fantasy XIV. We're just going to make it XI.
We'll call it XIV. We'll just upgrade XI to XIV.
Let me go back to Guild Wars for a minute because I got to say, I am really excited looking at the Guild Wars 2 footage even though it doesn't really look like Guild Wars 1 at all.
And I know you can kind of start earning stuff for Guild Wars 2 in Guild Wars right now.
Are you excited about Guild Wars 2 at all?
Fuck yes, I am. Oh my god, it looks so awesome. I'm so excited.
Why does it look so good?
Because it's not WoW. Every other fucking MMO that's come out in the past five years, all cheap imitations of WoW, this does not even remotely look like WoW.
They really try to go out of their way in their developer stuff to really say, this isn't like other MMOs.
We're trying to not approach this like other MMOs. We're not trying to emulate other MMOs.
But my only issue with that is that's what everybody else has said too and it just ends up being WoW.
But you know what, they're able to back up their claims. If you look at the gameplay footage, if you look at the screen art, all that stuff, you know that it's different from WoW.
So it's not just another WoW clone.
Is that supposed to be a 2011 release or is that not until next year?
They haven't even done beta for it. So it's not going to be out for a while.
Gotcha. Well good, that's one less game I have to buy this year.
It looks pretty awesome from the stuff I've seen.
I'm way more interested in that than even like Old Republic. Sorry Star Wars fans, but Guild Wars 2 looks awesome.
Yeah, I could talk for hours about it, but I won't.
Oh, but you should. Why don't you start right now?
And then you're just going to cut off my mic.
Alright. Anyhow, anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Nope.
Alright. My gaming week. I finally, after like weeks and weeks, and I know this is old news to a lot of you, but this is why I've been playing.
I played L.A. Noire finally for the first time, which was what I was referring to earlier when I said I was playing a game that felt like playing a movie a little bit.
And yeah, L.A. Noire. Wow. I gotta say though, I like it more than I thought I would.
I'm not usually super into these Grand Theft Auto games and certainly there's components of L.A. Noire that kind of feels like, oh, it's Grand Theft Auto in the 40s.
But that's really just like the driving around stuff and a little bit of the combat stuff.
I liked the interrogation and the clue finding and all that stuff, even though I am so fucking terrible at interrogations.
I can't believe how much I bombed what is supposed to be like the easiest fucking case in the game.
And I think my biggest issue is I am unable to figure out why there is truth.
Well, I figured it out, but at the beginning I couldn't figure out why you have truth, doubt, and lie.
Because I was like, isn't doubt and lie like the same thing?
Either they're telling the truth or they're not.
I mean, there's no middle ground, but what it is is that lie means you have the evidence to back it up, that it's a lie.
And doubt means you just don't believe them.
But, you know, even in the first case where it's so, like their expressions are like over the top, like you can really read them.
I was, I got every single question wrong my first time. Like multiple times.
Like while I was trying to figure out what's going on.
Thankfully the game didn't be all like, you lose, game over.
It just kind of, I just got yelled at repeatedly by the boss and finally I got through it, figured out the right answers.
But, um, I liked the expressions and the faces look really neat.
And the voice acting is well done too. So, you're laughing over there, Irene.
Yeah, I mean, the, you know, faces looked neat.
Have you played it at all?
I have not played it, but I watched one of our friends play it.
And I think it's a stupid game.
Why do you think it's stupid?
It's corny. It's just, I mean like, okay, so you chase after a guy.
All right, fun. And then you like interrogate and it's just, it feels unnatural when you're trying to interrogate them.
And then if you do it wrong, that stupid ass sergeant guy just like is crazy and he yells at you like he's a psycho.
I don't know. And that just wasn't the point when I tuned out because I didn't care.
It's just, it's, it's almost like being on a game show because like you find out right away if you fucked up or not.
Like you hit the button and right away it just fades up. Incorrect. And you hear a little doo doo doo.
And I'm like, God damn it.
Yeah.
And then they'll yell at you like the chicks all, get out of my store, you're an asshole.
I'm like, but you totally looked like you were lying, bitch.
Set your store on fire now.
See, that's where the game needed more Grand Theft Auto because like, bitch, I'm gonna set this store on fire then.
But I couldn't do that because you're supposed to be a cop and cops don't set things on fire randomly, you know.
Yeah. Elianore is not Grand Theft Auto.
I listened to Dan play the whole thing cause I was in here and I was like, wow, this is historically accurate given the dialogue.
And then like I saw the ending, I'm not going to spoil, but I was like, what? That's the ending.
Well, they had to leave it for DLC, I guess. I don't know the ending, but.
I'm not, no, I'm just gonna say it's what? When, when you see it, that's all.
Well, we'll see. I don't know. I have the attention span of a three year old, so I don't know if I'll get that far, but I'll probably at least play it a few more times before I return it back to Loki.
I've only had it for like two months. What's another month gonna, gonna hurt?
It's funny you say that because a three year old was watching me play well last night and she would not stop asking me questions.
Really? What kind of questions is a three year old asking?
I was an ice crown too, which was really boring.
What kind of questions does a three year old ask about World of Warcraft?
Are those bad guys? Yes, they're bad guys. I like bad guys. They're strong.
Yeah, but I have to beat up the bad guys, so I'm stronger than they are. Oh, well you're pretty cool too, but that bad guy's a big bug. Do they eat other bugs?
You're playing, you're playing Horde, right?
No. Playing Alliance.
Oh, well then nevermind.
Also, you have to remember, Horde isn't the bad guys. It's just an alternative lifestyle. No, I don't know what you'd call it.
It's the other, it's just the other faction, you know. Either you're a goat person or you're a cow person. It's just whatever.
Space goat, coast to coast.
Exactly. Exactly.
Other games I've played this week besides L.A. Noire. I revisited the Wii a little bit this week because if you were listening to the show a couple weeks ago, I hacked my Wii and I have a drive now that I'm loading all my games to, which I'm, they're my games.
I've been dumping them to the drive just because I can. I don't know, I just thought it would be fun. And now I never have to get up from the couch.
Yeah, it's actually forced me to revisit a lot of old Wii games I haven't played in years, so I'm actually kind of glad I did it.
And these are all games I've talked about on the show years and years ago when I first bought them. But I played Geometry Wars for a little while today, because you know Geometry Wars had the Wii version, but it's really weird because you have to actually point, you don't have two analogs on the Wii, right?
So you have one analog and then you actually point on the screen for your other analog. And the nice thing about it, I don't know, it's a different way to control it. It's kind of cool, you can actually just point at the ships and it's, I don't know.
But I like that the game had all sorts of different maps, all sorts of different types of modes. It's a fun game.
And then I was randomly playing New Super Mario Brothers Wii today. Why? Because I could. And it was, they really just tried to remake Mario 3 with that game, I think.
As minimal effort as possible.
Well, it's not a bad game, though.
No, it's not a bad game.
It's actually a pretty, one of the better games on the Wii.
But see, that's the point. The point is, you don't have to spend a lot of development money to make a game. You could put out, you know, something that's very similar to another game, just change up the levels and then you don't charge as much. I don't know.
So, let's see, what else did I play this week besides revisiting the Wii? Oh, 360! Since that's up and running again, I played Insane Twisted Shadow Planet. Because I was really into that game and then the Xbox got hacked and I was pissed off, so I played a little more of that.
And it's getting to the point where it's getting a lot harder, but I basically have determined that this is like Metroid, but kind of like more of a puzzler. Which is kind of awesome.
So, yeah, Insane Twisted Shadow Planet. I think you would actually really like it.
Oh, did you try it, Irene?
I've tried it. It's okay. That's the one where the robot flies around and he has to use his different like...
The spaceship.
Yes.
Yes, yes, that's it.
Yeah, it's alright.
Yeah? I like it. It's really fun.
Yeah.
So, I'm in the ice world right now, which supposedly the game's only supposed to take like seven or eight hours to beat, but some of it's like really hard. Like, the difficulty really amped up really fast from the ocean level to the snow level, I noticed, is kind of interesting.
I didn't even know there were other levels.
Oh, yeah. Oh, did you just play the demo?
Yeah, just the...
Yeah, there's more. Like, kind of like how in Metroid you had, you know, the fire area where Ridley was and then like the plant area where, you know, Kraid was. Something similar to that.
So, not nearly as good, but I mean, yeah. No, I know what you mean.
No, it's not. Like, the thing is Metroid kind of had the characters to kind of stick out and everything in Insane Twisted Shadow Planet kind of just looks like film noir and because it's so vague as to what the story really is, like, it doesn't have that strong character that Nintendo has a lot of their games.
But the game itself is still worth it. Absolutely.
Yeah, the environment's pretty immersive. I mean...
Yeah, and the art style's pretty rad.
Yeah.
It's pretty good.
Alright, so that's going to do it for my gaming week. I think that's enough for that. Let's quickly mention some housekeeping here.
Join us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to follow us on Twitter. Also, you can follow us on Facebook at Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
We will be here back again next week with a show, but we will not be here in...
Oh, I'm sorry. I will not be here in two weeks, but I believe they're going to have a show without me. So tune in to hear more on that because I'm going to San Francisco and I'm not going to be here in two weeks.
So I think they're trying to find a guest host or something.
I want to go with you.
I already bought the tickets. I'm sorry. You're expensive.
Yeah, that's okay. I have to thank you on air, by the way.
Why?
For my present for kitty sitting.
Oh, and at the Disneyland show when we were gone last time.
I has a Duffy now. It's a Duffy purse, but he's cute and he lives on my wall.
There you go. Glad you like it. Thank you for house-sitting the cats who chewed up the $50 headphones I own while we were gone.
Well, someone left them on the floor.
I didn't, you know, you don't think, oh, I got to make sure that the cord isn't dangling a little bit from my desk.
Honestly, if I had known, I would have taken care of it.
I can't expect you to know.
Can you tell me that you've watched that trailer that I just linked you to?
No, I haven't. Uh, what is this all about?
This is the brand new trailer for Saints Row the Third. It's highlighting their third gang called the Deckers.
Oh boy. All right. Let's check this out before we get into the news.
You're going to like this. You may have to buy Saints Row the Third.
I'm already thinking I have to buy it.
I think you should. And this, this is.
All right. I'm looking at a trailer rated M. Here we go.
And this makes for a great rate.
Oh my God.
They are dressed up in Tron like gear, like their jackets are all glowing, glowing blue.
Keep watching.
All right.
What? Oh, no. Keep watching. Okay. They're all racing on cars.
Oh, yeah. Oh, please tell me they're going to get on light pipes and shit.
Wow. They're not even like trying to hide the fact what inspires this, are they?
Dude, they're going to get sued right now.
I can't wait to play this fucking game.
How is this at all like the other two games?
I'm, I'm just confused.
You don't understand.
Because, because with Saints Row, they've decided to just say, you know what, fuck it. We're not even going to just try to be a real game anymore.
This is all about excess. This game is just excessive. It's unnecessary and excessive.
Each trailer, they go more over the top than the last one.
And this, I don't know how you're going to get more over the top than going into a virtual world and fighting stuff Tron style.
It's awesome.
I want, I want now.
Tiger Claw in our chat room also points out the fact that they're called the Deckards is a reference to Blade Runner.
So it's not just Tron that's inspiring this, although visually it's certainly very, very Tron-esque.
So yeah, Harrison Ford was Deckard.
So anyhow, here's the thing. I'm almost sold on Saints Row 3, but it's also one of those, you know what, I don't want to buy into trailers.
Just, I'm going to wait for the game to come out, see the reviews, see Loki's review. Very important.
I know he thinks he's going to love it.
I got to hear, look, dude, dude, what I was listening to Bobby's show before we were live tonight, right?
As I usually do on the car ride over and Madden came out this past week, which is usually like a huge release.
Apparently Madden has, I mean, I don't really play the Madden games, but I know they're huge and everybody buys them.
And they're very important, very, very high profile games. Probably only second to like a Call of Duty game.
And apparently the menus fucking freeze and shit. Like just basic shit is broken in Madden, it sounds like, from what I'm hearing.
There's literally nothing that this game could do to make me not want to buy it.
I mean, there's nothing. Absolutely nothing.
And come out and say the next gang is My Little Ponies and I wouldn't fucking care.
Although that would probably make me want to buy the game even more because it's so ridiculous.
What if you have to play Raiden for the rest of the game? Would you like play it still?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
I don't even understand, what?
Wasn't that his name from Metal Gear Solid 2?
Oh, okay. I see.
Was that his name? Raiden?
Yes.
Okay. Nevermind.
Alright. BlackWolf is in chat actually and points out deckers are also the term in Shadowrun for the grid hackers.
So lots of references there.
That is very true. I've played one.
Yes, I did play Shadowrun.
Alright, well thank you for derailing the show with that trailer. It's actually very interesting looking.
Alright, let's actually get into the news we were planning on discussing tonight. 45 minutes into the show.
And we'll start off with almost an immediate follow up to something last week that came up at the end of the show. Right, Loki?
Yes, last week right before the end of the show they were doing an announcement.
Square Enix was talking about Dragon Quest X. Or at least they were going to make an announcement about Dragon Quest.
That announcement was Dragon Quest X Online. It is an online RPG.
And it is going to be, I'm not sure if it's still being, it looks like it's still being developed by level 5.
And of course they're responsible for Dragon Quest VIII and IX.
The game is coming out on the Wii. Also I guess it's being developed for the Wii U as well.
And I guess they're saying also they're considering the 3DS as some form of character transfers or something like that.
It does of course require an internet connection being that it's an online MMO.
And it's going to require a fee as well. So there's going to be some sort of usage fee for that.
It's kind of interesting because there's really no MMOs on the Wii.
And considering the Wii is pretty much at the end of its life cycle already that's kind of weird.
Yeah, I got to admit. We were talking about this briefly on the show last week because the press conference is about to start when we ended the show last week.
And so I drive home, I get home, I go in the house and I fire up my reader to look at what news I missed while the show was going on.
And there's an announcement about Dragon Quest X and I'm like, oh Dragon Quest X is going to be online? On the Wii?
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Online? Wii? Syntax error? I don't understand. How does this compute? You just divided by zero.
The Monster Hunter game over there was, I believe, had paid online as well. I'm thinking though that this is mainly just going to be a Wii U game.
But that they're like, well you know what, we're going to make it.
Since we promised it on the Wii.
Let's make a version also for the Wii because, you know, we still have a user base for that.
It's like a Zelda-esque type of thing because remember Zelda Twilight Princess was a launch title but they had to make the GameCube version because they had originally announced it for GameCube and it was kind of the same hardware.
Yeah, really more like, oh it was ready for the GameCube but they delayed it so they could put it as a Wii launch title.
That's exactly what they're doing here with Dragon Quest X.
But that whole MMO thing, they haven't said MMO, right? Because when I was looking at some of the stuff and reading about it, it felt more like White Knight Chronicles to me, which kind of was a single player game that had a huge multiplayer component.
Or like, Phantasy Star Universe. I don't consider that game really an MMO. It's kind of like, I don't know how else to explain it. It's like multiplayer.
It's Momo-ish.
Yeah, it's Momo-ish but it's not, I don't know.
I guess. So they would probably have an offline component as well. I don't know if it's going to be online only, but when I hear usage fees and requires the internet, that screams MMO to me.
GameGuru in our chatroom says, from the makers of Final Fantasy XIV, from the publishers of Final Fantasy XIV, it is a different studio putting this together, right?
Level 5 had nothing to do with Final Fantasy XIV, or any Final Fantasy game for that matter, that I can think of.
So, no. These are different teams, it's important to say. I get your joke, but hopefully the MMO experience doesn't completely suck.
Or whatever online adventuring experience they come up with, which I'm convinced is going to be more like White Knight Chronicles, which was kind of, like that game's really kind of a cult kind of game.
It didn't really break through, but there's definitely a player base playing that game.
But, once again, this also begs one simple question. This game is definitely niche. It is very, very niche.
You're talking about an online game. First off, an online MMO on the Wii. Not a lot of people are going to bite on that.
And, it's an RPG. A Japanese-style RPG on the Wii. That's talk about narrowing the user base down quite a bit.
And yet, no Last Story or Xenoblade or anything like that over here. But, yet, they're going to bring that out.
DDR Dollar Bill in the chatroom says, Explain how you guys define MMORPG. Here's the thing, I mean, obviously it's a massively multiplayer online role-playing game, right?
But the reason why Phantasy Star Universe kind of doesn't fall out of that category.
Not Roleplay.
MMORPG. Yes and no. Here's the thing. And I'm not saying it's a bad game. God no.
Phantasy Star Online, we wouldn't have fucking MMOs if it wasn't for that and Ultima Online.
But Phantasy Star Universe or any of those games, it's kind of like you have lobbies where you can interact with people and then you have the game.
You form your parties in the lobby and then you really go play the game.
But you have chat. You have voice chat. And that was a big component.
But there's nothing else. There's no game component really in those lobbies outside of shops.
And playing hockey.
There's no PVP.
And playing hockey.
I don't know. That's why...
And the giant choo-choo rocket level.
I don't know.
Well, I think that it better be an MMO because what am I paying online then for? Because the Wii, it's online and it's free.
Why would I have to pay to play a game I just bought online?
Because MMOs, you pay to play.
Well, yeah, MMOs you pay to play. But if it's not an MMO, if we're just talking about a game with some 4 player, 16 player online...
And White Knight Chronicles doesn't charge.
Yeah.
And the sequel's actually coming out here, which surprised me.
Sequel's coming out here and also includes the original on the same disc.
Yeah, as it did in all the other countries too.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So for those that missed the first one. I did play the first one. I didn't play a lot of the...
You didn't play a lot last week.
Oh, did it?
Or...
I might pick it up.
It's either last week or this week.
The first one's not bad. It had its challenges. And it's weird because you can't actually do the online component until you've played single player for quite some time.
It's weird. It's a weird game, but I bet it's a lot bigger in Japan than it is here.
And just like Dragon Quest, you know this shit's gonna be crazy in Japan. All these games are.
Oh yeah. I don't doubt it's gonna do well in Japan, but their user base is different than what it is over here.
Unfortunately, over here, they really wanted to get consoles out, so they got consoles to all these non-gamers because the whole thing was,
oh, we're gonna expand our audience to non-gamers.
Yeah, how fucking well did that work out for you guys?
A bunch of non-gamer people that aren't buying your games.
Great idea.
And then you totally ignored your hardcore gamer user base in the process.
Yeah, that's gonna work out really well for you for this next console as well.
It's just, I don't think it's gonna do very well.
I mean, just look at all the other niche hardcore games that have been out there.
RPGs and, you know, non-RPGs, they just haven't done well.
And I understand this is gonna be published probably by, I don't know if it's Square Enix, I'm guessing Nintendo,
because they did the last Dragon Quest game and Dragon Quest Monsters 2 and stuff like that.
So if it's published by Nintendo, I mean, there'll be some more marketing behind that,
but it's gonna be tough, especially convincing people.
First off, I don't know, it'll be tough.
I just need to really see more of the game before I can really make a call.
I gotta play the game, see some reviews, see some trailers that aren't just cut scenes.
Oh, you skeptic.
No, I mean, I just love Dragon Quest VIII.
Oh my god, that game was so fucking good on the PlayStation, but, you know, I just...
We'll see.
Again, if it's worth the pain.
But it sounds like there's gonna be still at least a full single-player game,
and that part I kinda like, at least.
I mean, Phantasy Star Universe is the same way.
Yeah, if it's got that, then that's fine.
Then it's worth a purchase, because then you don't have to play the online portion of it.
And if they're gonna go the whole Phantasy Star online route, then that's fine.
But it's just if they're going just an MMO route, that's gonna be a difficult sell.
Alright, well, let's see if this is going to be a difficult sell to people.
It's basically been confirmed by Nintendo that it is true.
Some of the rumors that were rumbling last week and the week before is playing out.
And you can thank Famitsu Magazine for leaking an earlier picture of this.
It is a 3DS circle pad attachment.
The 3DS will plug into this kind of, it looks like a docking bay sort of thing that has, yes, another analog stick on the right-hand side.
Along with this announcement came an announcement that they are making Monster Hunter tri-G on the 3DS,
which, you know, requires a second analog controller just the way the game is.
So now it's kind of confusing is, did they do this circle attachment just to get the Monster Hunter game,
or is this the future of the 3DS right here?
And so, you know, a lot of early adopters of the system, now, at least I can speak myself, now I'm getting a little pissed.
Like, I wasn't pissed when they cut the price.
I especially wasn't pissed when they said, we're gonna cut the price and to help ease the pain, we're gonna throw you 20 free virtual console games.
Cool, fine, I'm fine.
But now that my original 3DS may be just kind of now irrelevant and I'm gonna have to buy this extra attachment for it,
if I have to buy, I mean, I don't know if I would play a Monster Hunter game,
but if this ends up being the norm, which I worry it could be?
They're, they're obviously, I mean, if Nintendo's making a peripheral for this game,
and I know Monster Hunter's gonna be big in Japan, it's if it even comes out over here,
if they're making a peripheral for this, you better damn well believe that it's gonna be used for something other than just one game.
I mean, why even bother if it's gonna be for just one game?
And yeah, as you said, the cost thing, you didn't give me free games because you dropped the price of the system,
you know what, you didn't even have to do that, because I understand the price is gonna drop,
yeah, it was a little bit sooner than I had thought, but whatever, you know what, that's so bad, too well.
Whatever, so I bought the system back in March, I had it a few months with no games,
and you know, you dropped it and it gave me some free virtual console games, which I've not played.
And, you know, that's fine, but this is gonna split your user base in half now.
Now, this is great, because now everyone thinks that the system is gonna be redesigned, whether it is or not,
and all the people that are thinking about, hey, you know, I really need to pick up a 3DS this holiday
to pick up some, you know, Mario and Mario Kart games and stuff like that,
and whatever else they have coming for the 3DS, people are gonna wait.
It's gonna be interesting to see what Nintendo says to this press conference,
because I'm looking at our chatroom, of course, it's lighting up on this story, chat.orangelandradio.com,
if you want to join us live. Zether in chat says, as of now, that add-on is only for Monster Hunter tri-G.
And I'm kind of going, okay, yeah, as of now, but there's certainly that skeptic in me that's saying,
but now that that's out there, who else might use it?
Now, granted, just because the peripheral exists doesn't mean everybody's gonna use it,
like I think of, okay, that Metroid pinball game had that rumble pack in the DS, remember that thing?
That was a real flash in the pan, right? And I don't think any other games really used it.
Yeah, there's a bunch of games that used it.
Were there? Huh, I thought there were like one or two.
Not a lot, but that thing right there, though, that's not necessary to play the game.
Rumble, eh, whatever, so my system doesn't rumble. That's not a big deal.
None of them do nowadays anyways.
But a second analog stick is kind of important. That's like saying, oh, you know, we added some buttons.
In fact, that does add a couple shoulder buttons to the thing as well, and a trigger, I think.
So that's a big deal, because now you have dual analogs,
so you could do first-person shooters on that system quite well now.
I do want to point out it is not only adding a second analog stick. I haven't mentioned this.
There's also going to be shoulder buttons on it.
And what's also interesting that some have pointed out,
this little docking bay now will make your 3DS match the configuration of a Wii U controller.
Not saying that it can serve as a replacement for a Wii U controller yet,
but some folks are going, isn't that interesting that now it matches the configuration of a Wii U controller?
And could it be all this call about, gee, what do you mean the system's only going to come with one Wii U controller
and we're not going to buy a second controller separately?
Could this be the path we're going down?
Yep. That's exactly what they're doing.
Because you know when that controller first came out,
listen to the episodes of OLR leading up to the reveal of the Wii U,
because it's very interesting, because we were theorizing and theorizing,
and then all of a sudden it just kind of dawned on us that, duh,
everything we have heard about this was clearly just the Wii U controller is a freaking DS without the top screen.
That's what the Wii U controller is. And a few more buttons.
Well, here's your few more buttons now. It's very interesting,
and this Nintendo conference that's coming up, what, tomorrow?
Going to be very interesting.
So, I just can't wait to hear their rational-
I just- I want to see if they only announce the Monster Hunter thing for this,
or if they say a new Pokemon game, and the Pokemon game's going to use two analog sticks too,
because then it's over, all the games are using it.
It's not just one game. I mean, come on, it's a peripheral that, you know,
I think a lot of developers would be like,
hey, that's awesome, now we don't have to do some crazy control scheme with the touch screen or whatever.
I mean, it would make a lot of games easy to port over.
Especially stuff that they're going to be doing on the Vita,
and then porting over to the 3DS and stuff like that, it would make it a lot easier.
But, at the same time, you should have fucking thought of this when you're designing your system.
Hey, I don't know, let's see, there's the PSP.
What was the number one bitch about the PSP?
It doesn't have a fucking second analog stick.
What'd you think, hey, you know what, maybe people want a second analog stick.
Huh, could that be possibly what people want, since they're saying I want a second analog stick.
Nah, that's not what they want, they just want one analog stick.
That's what we're going to do, we're just going to leave them with just one analog stick.
Oh damn, you know, a big game comes out that needs a second analog stick.
Ah, crap, we better make another adjustment to this.
Yeah, I'd be pissed even if it isn't an accessory or whatever.
Not only does it make it, you know, how the fuck am I supposed to carry that around with me now?
It's not going to fucking fit in my pocket.
Now, again, we have to really wait until after Nintendo makes the official announcement,
because I think it's still, even though we have the picture and everything,
it's still too early to say what the point of this is.
Is this a Monster Hunter add-on or is this, we don't know.
But we're all looking at it going, gosh, it makes your 3DS look like a Wii U controller,
yeah, a lot of people want to have that second analog stick,
we've heard rumors about a 3DS redesign anyway,
it would all add up, this is probably happening.
I kind of akin this to, and I see some folks in chat are talking about,
well not every peripheral goes on forever, like the e-reader, printer and so forth,
and I go, and none of these are ever required, but then I go,
but what about the Wii Plus motion thing?
Wii Motion Plus.
Wii Motion Plus didn't come out until later,
and now it's like if you want to play the new Zelda game, you have to have it.
So it would not be unheard of for Nintendo to require this in the future.
This is more along the lines of Wii Motion Plus than it is the e-reader.
E-reader, those are all gimmicky things that weren't necessary, like the rumble pack.
That's not necessary to play a DS game, it was just a gimmicky thing.
The e-reader was actually a really kind of cool idea, I gotta say.
It was a cool idea, but it was still a gimmick.
You could have done something else, you know, to...
How awesome was it to have an old school NES game on five cards in your pocket?
That was kind of cool, I'm sorry.
Yeah, it's pretty cool, but at the same time though, this is another analog stick.
This is adding another joystick. This is very significant.
And it's a few extra buttons on there, which by the way,
it's kind of interesting now that I think of it,
it's probably gonna use that IR port that's on the back of that fucking 3DS
that everyone's like, what the hell's this IR port for?
Great.
But, it's just...
Alright.
I mean, we've got more stories to talk about, you know, the 3DS and...
Well, let me bring some of these up real quick.
3DS, obviously the price cut happened and a lot of you are very happy about it.
How many of you are happy about it?
Over 260% are buying this now than were before.
3DS sold 185,000 units between the price cut and the month's end.
That's a 260% increase over that same time period in July.
So it does mean that this has motivated sales a little more
and this is a trend that's gonna continue through Christmas, guaranteed.
I still think, especially now that the Vita's not around this Christmas,
this thing's gonna sell like crazy over the holidays.
Despite all this other crap we're talking about.
Soccer moms don't know about... Soccer moms are not reading Famitsu magazine in Japan.
I honestly think that the whole thing with the 3DS was really very carefully planned.
They knew they didn't have a good thing out quite yet
but at least at the higher price anyway with the intention of dropping the price
because they knew it would...
I mean, sales would happen after a price drop.
I don't think so.
I kinda actually disagree because I think Nintendo saw the reception at E3
and was like, holy shit, we've struck gold with this thing.
We gotta get it out now.
And they put it out in some ways too soon.
But where I will hit is that I think the strategy all along was a build up to Christmas.
I think they released it at the end of the fiscal year to pad the low sales a wee
and then it's gonna just...
The price drop, on the other hand, I don't think that was planned.
No, because if they were planning on doing...
Well, no one plans on dropping the price of that.
I mean, they've gotta be selling at a loss now.
And if they weren't selling at a loss and they had that much of a margin in there,
they could have fit a second fuckin' analog stick in there.
I mean, an analog stick doesn't cost hardly anything.
It's maybe $10 to put in that system.
I doubt it's even $10.
I've bought replacements for my PSP.
The 3DS production cost is $101 per unit.
Wow.
So, including overhead...
They're probably still pulling a profit on it.
So they could have charged $10 extra dollars in what they're charging now
and added a second analog stick all along.
And you know what?
Hey, guess what, Nintendo?
It's a good thing to have things on your system,
like say a second analog stick that,
yeah, you know what, you may not have a use for it right now,
but publishers would probably want that.
You know, it makes development of games a little bit easier.
There's some funky right analog stick using the touch screen.
I find this fascinating, one other little thing about the DS family,
because this is about DSi XL, which is still out, still selling,
at the same price as the 3DS.
I was at Fry's today, and Salacious Pop really wants a DSi XL,
because, you know, he has a lot of DS games and he just kind of wants one.
I'm not going to question if somebody wants something.
You know, and has been talking about it,
but it's the same price as the 3DS right now, which I find fascinating.
And it's not dead.
It's far from it.
They've just announced that on September 18th there will be a metallic rose DSi XL.
It's fucking pink.
It's a fucking pink DSi, and it's coming out on September 18th.
You know what, I kind of want it.
In the same way that I wanted my pink advance that I have the afterburner in,
I kind of want this now.
I mean, you know, whatever.
The DSi XL, you know, the screens are really big, it's kind of nice, whatever,
but it is weird that it's the same price as the 3DS.
That's a little weird to me.
DS Lite, by the way, are still on shelves.
There's a really pretty blue one.
99 bucks for DS Lite.
That's interesting to me.
Huh, all right.
I don't get empty.
You know what, these people that buy this pink system that's coming out,
the same price as the 3DS,
you deserve all those high-priced games and shit.
All right, well, we're going to revisit all of this again next week
because the Nintendo press conference is happening in a couple days,
and who knows what curveballs are going to come out of that.
There could be that.
I mean, if a Pokmon game is announced, good lord, it's...
They already have a Pokmon game.
What Pokmon game would...
Not 3D.
I'm sorry, yes, they have a Pokmon, but it's a Pokmon...
It's like Pokmon Snap.
Pokmon Snap is not really a Pokmon game, you know what I mean?
Like, they need a Pokmon magenta, and Pokmon...
There's no Pokmon game that's going to need a second analog stick.
Maybe you just haven't thought of it yet.
A Pokmon first-person shooter.
That would be all sorts of lame.
No, that would be awesome, are you kidding?
No, it would be stupid.
Pokmon first-person shooter, wasn't that pretty much Pokmon Snap?
Pretty much.
Because you're shooting from a first-person perspective.
Oh, get out.
You know what, no, I agree.
It was a first-person shooter.
You just shot photos of them and not, you know,
shooting them dead with bullets into their, you know, cute little fuzzy heads.
I'm just saying Goldeneye would have been that much better
if it was Pikachu killing people.
Just saying.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
How about Crytek?
Fail.
Um, one of their, I guess, former employees decided
that they were going to go off on Tumblr.
There's an anonymous account which I took the liberty
of reblogging everything on our Tumblr.
Hint, hint, hint.
Orangelangeradio.tumblr.com.
And, basically, he's listing this whole, just crazy line of stuff
that, you know, they've done that's illegal.
Going over this, he said, I'm going to read a little bit.
From the outside, Crytek produces some of the most graphically pleasing games around.
Those being Far Cry, Crysis, Crysis, Warhead, and Crysis 2.
Four games in ten years.
The work of the individuals should be proud of what they've done.
But they've basically said that there's a bullying mentality given at the CEO levels.
Where they're delivered lines like, you should be proud to work for Crytek,
yet demanding six months of crunch time due to project management failures.
This caused certain members of staff to suffer both in medical and personal ways.
And he's listing, alright, this polluted the work atmosphere that resulted in the resignation
and or unlawful firing of global talent manager, global head of resourceful humans,
lead game designer, lead community manager, community manager, lead researcher,
storyboard and concept artist, and a whole list of developers and designers.
And, so basically, the article, you know, he's just there on Tumblr pretty much blasting them.
I mean, nothing really specifically listed, just said that a lot of senior staff was made redundant
and that employees were, quote, allowed to work longer hours and weekend days.
Which, again, Crytek's a German developer in violation of German law.
Now, the co-founder, Avni Yearly, said, and he spoke with Develop about these practices
and said that they were misleading accusations and, quote,
is very distressing for us to think that an individual thinks we've been treating them unfairly.
It's very disappointing. So, I actually found a rebuttal on the same Tumblr.
And he goes on saying, as previously mentioned, we do not aim to mislead or give erroneous opinions
as this would ultimately decrease the strength on which the blog was first created.
And it is nothing but bring into doubt the levels of truth featured within.
So, he said, if German labor codes were being met and strictly adhered to,
there would be no need for the successful court cases against Crytek GmbH in which a company lawyer was present.
Crytek, if you can provide proof that no one has ever successfully claimed compensation due to an illegal firing,
then please do so. You cannot.
And, so basically, just going on. You can read this all if you want to.
I've linked them both on our Tumblr. But it's, like, it really goes long.
And he's talking, just, this is clearly somebody who was there.
It's one of those cases where I think you go, okay, you know, you read this and you go,
well, another person complaining about the development industry, what a shock.
It's probably true. But then you look at it and you go, well, he probably does have a lot of bitterness issues.
Obviously, something happened there.
None of this reads like anyone bitter.
I just, I still think the answer's probably in the middle somewhere.
It's probably, you know, and I think I just said this two weeks ago on the show in a very similar story.
There's your side of the story, my side of the story, and the truth somewhere in the middle.
It's probably what's happening here, too.
Well, there's another line on here, though, that I think is a very good point.
Enforcing weekend work and expecting them to come in are two different things.
As an employee, you know that if you aren't showing the drive and ambition to become a team player,
your direct line manager may take a negative stance on your progression in the company.
So basically, it's talking about the impact it has on home life, on employee well-being,
which is actually something that I think is a big problem here in the U.S., to be perfectly honest.
But I don't, I really don't read any bitterness into any of this.
This is someone who loved his job or her job and was proud of the work that they did
and found that the entire, just from reading the whole thing, found that the work environment is what soured it.
They're very proud of their work, very proud of what they did, but it was all environmental.
Well, it'll be interesting to see if this anonymous person is forced to reveal themselves later on or what happens.
I just want to end it with the last line.
We make and made great games, and we just want to see the atmosphere and blatant disregard for employee morale improve.
All right.
So, more power to you. Good luck.
Let's move on.
All right. So, we talked a little bit about Ubisoft and their different DRM that they're going to have for upcoming games.
One of the first ones that was going to take place on console was this new Uplay Passport thing that they were doing with Driver San Francisco.
Problem was, it didn't quite go as planned.
Driver San Francisco on Xbox 360 was supposed to include a Uplay Passport code required to access multiplayer beyond a 48 hour trial period.
However, they forgot to put the codes in many of the copies that went out.
Brilliant work.
Yes. So, what ended up happening, and this is only really in North America.
What ended up happening, though, is the people that bought it, you can actually get the Passport for free.
You just either sign in and there's two options.
There's one to start my two day free trial, which will not expire now, or select Uplay Passport Purchase, which will be provided at no charge.
So, if you wanted to right now, you could purchase that game for, you know, used or whatever and still get online for free.
Because they fucked up.
So basically the whole thing just went out the window.
Yes, on the Xbox 360 at least. Still going on the Playstation 3, because they didn't forget that one.
But, Xbox 360 at least, they forgot.
Well, that's nice and fair.
And, surprisingly, the game got pretty good reviews. I didn't think it would be that well, but it did alright.
Also, From Dust on PC had that wonderful online, you have to be always online in order to play the game.
Well, now they have a patch that removes that DRM.
So, the title can be played in offline mode as well now.
I guess a follow up to that had come up a couple weeks ago.
I know that some people were pissed that an extra layer of DRM was added to the Steam version.
Not cool.
Alright, well, moving on to a story about Xbox and some bans going on on Xbox Live.
Apparently, Xbox has actually put out a statement this week that they did ban quite a few users this week.
And it was a result of, theft was the keyword they used.
The company, quote, discovered users who were illegitimately accessed Xbox Live Marketplace downloadable content.
This access was intentional and not accidental, constituting a blatant violation of the terms of use for the service.
But they won't give any more specifics about what's going on.
I guess it's known around the internet that there are some ways that you can steal the stuff and Microsoft is finally clamped down on it.
It's not entirely stealing, but yeah, there is a way.
What do you mean it's not entirely stealing?
It has to do with different profiles. People basically importing a profile over downloading that content and then, you know, it's basically recovering a profile.
Oh, it's like content sharing.
Yes.
I wonder if somebody did that when my account was hacked.
Because you know I have a lot of games.
Yeah.
So I wonder if they did that.
Basically, it's recovering a profile. So you have like people made certain profiles, say they bought like Grand Theft Auto as a games on demand thing.
And so what happens is you recover that profile and you can put it on your system and you can play offline, you know, without that profile and you know, because it's on your system.
At least I think that's how we're never tried it.
I want to say that there's got to be some type of hack that goes there because like for instance, when my one 360 red ringed and I had to get another, I put on the hard drive with all my old games on it.
And if I wasn't connected to the internet, my game would show up as a demo at first, but then it would turn into the real game after I was like signed in.
So I think something happens there where it's just the demo version, but when Xbox Live talks to it.
So I'm not sure how they're pulling that off. There's got to be something a little shady there.
I was hoping at first that this meant they caught the people that were stealing all the people's money, but I guess it doesn't sound like that.
And Microsoft still has not said anything about that.
No, they, in fact, there's a forum I browse all the time that had a section where they were swapping games like that and it's gone.
That whole forum section is no longer, which I'm guessing they just banned everybody.
Nice.
Yeah.
Alright, so this is one of those cases where you don't want to share.
Maginomicon in our chat says, I wonder if that also applies to the free Fable 2 glitch that happened a few months ago.
I seem to remember that. I don't think so.
No.
No, because that was a legitimate mistake on Microsoft's part that a lot of people went in and just took advantage of.
But at the end of the day, that was Microsoft's fault for leaving that switch open.
People weren't like hacking their consoles or going around to get it.
They had put it up on the marketplace for free.
It was kind of their own damn fault.
They were mad, but, you know, be mad at whoever did that.
Don't be mad at the people who took advantage of it.
So, alright.
Alright, moving on.
Dark Soccer, why don't you move on to the next story for us?
Yeah.
Okay, the next story actually has to do with Pinball FX.
This is the developer says that Microsoft is pretty okay in their book.
Basically, it's kind of putting down on team meat for what they said, putting down Microsoft.
And there's a quote on here from Millkirk, who is then studio's vice president of marketing.
It says, they totally have the right to talk about it.
It's terrible they had a bad experience like that, but where we're coming from, when is enough enough?
Let it go already.
So basically, they're just like, why are you trying to put them down?
We're not trying to discredit that you've had a bad time from this, but that it's time to get over it, time to move on.
And so they're apparently sniping back and forth like children.
It was interesting to read.
I don't know if the tweets are still up, but they're archived around on the internet somewhere, I'm sure.
And it was really one of those cases where I read it and I went, really? Like people don't think more about the fact that everybody is watching these two companies fight?
It wasn't very flattering for either one, I think.
But there was obviously a lot of very, it's like anybody who fights on Twitter or on Facebook or whatever.
It's just emotions are running high, so you don't think before you click post and then later you sort of regret it.
But it was nice to see that it all ended with a, you know, how about a super meat boy skin for pinball or whatever they had said at the end that they kissed, made up, cuddled.
Well, yeah, well, it's even says on here that, you know, they're like good for them, they had a good time, you know, that's great for them.
Right.
I mean, that's what the meat boy people said.
Mm hmm.
So, I mean, it's working out in the end.
But you should have seen the tweets because the tweets were the equivalent of fuck you, you fucking fuck.
Like, that's really how they read to me.
Oh, like I said, children.
Yeah.
So, but it's like someone smacked them on the hand and said, now make nice.
Well, those are, well, this is the internet, you guys look dumb right now.
Well, and they're two great games too.
Yeah.
I love both those games, pinball FX2 and meat boys.
It was kind of sad.
It's like watching your friends fight and you're just sitting there helpless.
You can't do anything about it.
You know what I mean?
I know how that feels.
I know.
There you go.
Alright, let's move on.
Travel the world and check out some release dates.
What is coming out to a console near you?
Loki, let's start in the US.
The US is actually, well, it's still continuing on with quite a few games coming out.
Starting on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, we have NHL 12 coming from EA.
Also this week, was it from Twisted Pixel?
The Gun Stringer for Kinect.
And of course you get, was it Fruit Ninja Kinect in there as well.
So if you're interested in those games, that's this week.
White Knight Chronicles 2 is coming out this week as well.
That also includes the first game that's on Playstation 3.
Camping Mama, Outdoors Adventure on Nintendo DS.
Yes, she is still making games about different things other than cooking.
New Cooking Mama coming out later this year.
Thor, God of Thunder on the 3DS.
It was basically the same version as the ones back in May, but now for the 3DS.
Deck of Sports Extreme coming out for the 3DS.
Bit.Trip Saga, which is the collection of all the Bit.Trip games.
That's on the 3DS this week as well.
Puzzler Mind Gym on the 3DS.
Bit.Trip Complete, which is on the Wii, and that also includes the soundtrack for the game as well.
Call of Juarez the Cartel on PC.
Red Orchestra 2, Heroes of Stalingrad on PC.
Nicktoons MLB, that's on the Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
The God of War Origins collection on PS3 coming out this week.
Pooka Power Up, that's on Nintendo DS.
Aren't Pookas the little guys in Dig Dug?
Oh, no.
Oh, Pooka P-U-C-C, I was thinking P-O-O-K-A.
Is it P-U-C-C-A?
Yeah.
That's like the candy.
Well, when I heard it, I thought Dig Dug.
Silly English language.
Emily the Strange Strangress on the Nintendo DS.
There's some Dual Packs coming out for the PSP.
I don't know what I'm aware of here.
Mega Man Dual Pack, I believe that's Mega Man Power Up Legends and Mega Man...
There is a Mega Man X game as well.
That's on PSP.
Then Monster Hunter Freedom Dual Pack, that's the two Monster Hunter Freedom games that were out on the PSP over here.
And that is it.
Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out the releases over there.
On the Xbox 360 on September 15th, Dunamis 15 is coming out.
That is not a series I recognize over here, but it is an adventure game that's coming out on the 15th.
I don't think it's actually the 15th game in a series, but you do get bikini-clad anime girls as part of it.
Actually, she's wearing a little bra.
They're kind of cute.
I don't know what type of game this is.
Probably another type of sim game, but it looks like it has these mystery elements.
I need to stop trying to guess what these games are, because I'm probably getting it horrifically wrong.
But it is kind of fun to guess.
Otherwise, though, probably not a game we're going to get over here.
So that's really it on the 360 this week.
Going to the PlayStation 3, they're getting that same game, and that's really it on the PlayStation 3.
There's some more stuff coming next week, just so you guys know.
And then going to the handhelds real quick.
Trying to pull up the PSP releases here.
God Eater Burst gets a price reduction.
Otherwise, as far as new games go, there's Gekka, Rioran, Romance comes out from Idea Factory this week.
And this game, it looks like it could be based off an anime.
I'm not sure.
I just know one of these screenshots says,
Dessert, Prohibited Fruits Scenario.
So apparently, there's no no fruits in this game.
I don't really know how else to say that.
Prohibited Fruits Scenario is an awesome band name.
Right?
And on the 3DS this week, nothing.
Nothing on the 3DS.
But next week, Frogger, Loki's favorite.
So that's it.
Next week is going to pick up a little more in Japan.
But for right now, really nothing else.
Dark Sakura!
Well, in other news, this is of course coming out in the UK.
On the 13th, we have Hard Reset and Red Orchestra, Heroes of Stalingrad.
And on the 14th, we have From Dust, Radiant Silvergun for Xbox Live Arcade, Renegade Ops, TrackMania 2.
And on the 15th, Moto Heroes.
Alrighty.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we got the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Yes.
Infinity Ward is going to get their day in court next year in May on the 7th.
This is, of course, the whole trial where they were suing Activision for royalties unpaid.
They're seeking $125 million in unpaid royalties from the sales of Modern Warfare 2.
And also wish to reclaim their contractual rights to the Modern Warfare brand.
Can you imagine if they win that?
That's going to be some interesting shit right there.
I don't think they're going to.
I'm excited one of these is finally going to court.
Like, we always hear settle, settle, settle, settle, settle.
But like now, oh man, Michael Jackson popcorn eating gift.
You know which one I'm talking about, right?
You've seen that animated file.
That's going to be me while this thing's in the courtroom.
Because even though this isn't a series I'm a big huge fan of, I'm, I'm, I'm excited to see somebody do battle with Activision.
It's going to be interesting.
Any bets?
I don't think there's bets on the court.
I don't think they're going to get.
They probably will get their royalties.
I don't know if they're going to get the Modern Warfare 2 stuff.
And even if they did, they just renamed the damn franchise.
Right.
I don't think they're going to get the same thing though.
Call of Heroes.
No, they'll still be Call of Duty.
It'll just be, you know.
Modernized Warness or something.
Warfare Modern.
Exactly.
Well, Sony created a new job this week.
They hired a chief information security officer, which probably makes sense considering, oh, you know, they had that huge information breach earlier this year when their system got hacked.
Well, they're not fucking around with who they've hired for the position.
They have hired a former US Homeland Security official.
It's Phillip Teitinger is the new chief information security officer at PlayStation Network.
No word as to exactly what that person does.
However, what I'm assuming is that he's going to make sure that system never gets hacked again.
Because if it does get hacked again, they'll probably hire someone new instead.
So, yep.
Apparently, he's not just that, but he's also going to be a senior vice president.
So, I imagine he'll have a say in some of the higher level goings ons of the companies.
He will be reporting to an executive VP in the company.
And, of course, Sony is making no really hold backs saying that they are confirming that it's because of the PSN breach saying, quote, we are looking to bolster our network security even further.
So, they are going to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Because if it does happen again, it's going to be really, really bad for everybody.
Alright, let's go back to a simpler time when the systems weren't being hacked.
And our credit card information wasn't saved on the console.
Remember when we had consoles and we didn't have to put our credit cards right on?
Remember when your consoles didn't have the memory capacity to save anything?
Exactly.
Well, I think this week's classic game did have a memory capacity of some sort.
But not on the console.
It was about 16 blocks big. That was it.
Yeah.
So, let's take a trip down memory lane with a segment we always do.
The classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the gaming vault head first and pull out a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be re-experiencing this game all over again.
I got to say, this week is kind of one of those weeks where you go, really? Dark Soccer has been doing this for about 150 weeks and she never did this game?
Kind of on purpose, but this morning's conversation over breakfast really inspired.
So, what is the classic game of the week that surprisingly has never come up before?
It's Final Fantasy VII.
Final Fantasy VII came out, well, it started development in 1994 and it was supposed to be on the SNES and then to the Nintendo 64.
But when PlayStation came out, they hopped right on it because the Nintendo 64 couldn't handle the storage.
It was designed and produced by Hironobu Sakaguchi and the music was by Uematsu, which we all know.
But this is the first one that Yoshitaka Amano didn't do the character designs for.
It was done by Tetsuya Nomura.
So, this is one of my favorite games of all time for the record, I would say.
So basically, you're this emo boy named Cloud with his hair in his face and he goes around being pissed off and not so talkative.
And he runs into this whole bag named Aerith and this really cute girl named Tifa, who's really sweet and nice.
And then kind of a vampire-y dude named Vincent who you find in a coffin.
Well, my team freaking had Vincent all the damn time.
And Yuffie? Yuffie was fun and she had the Conformer?
Can I for real say the first time I played through this game, I never got Vincent.
I didn't even know he was in the game because the internet wasn't really around the back then.
I mean, it was, but nobody used it like they do now.
You know, and it's, I didn't have Vincent and I had Aerith in my party as one of my main people that I would constantly use.
So let's just say I wasn't happy by the time this two rolled around.
I was legit, like I wasn't sad, I was fucking mad.
I have my save file still where she dies.
Spoiler, she gets ganked by Sephiroth. Ew.
I mean, a lot of people were pissed off and sad.
Look at Aerith. She's a man stealing hoe bag.
Aerith dies is kind of like the video game equivalent of Darth Vader as Luke's father.
We all fucking know.
Yeah, but at any rate, you know, it's one of my favorite games.
I bred chocobos like you would not believe.
Yeah, you can breed chocobos and you race them and if you get the black chocobo, it can run over like the, over the mountains.
You can get another one that runs over the oceans and then you can get the gold chocobo that runs over everything and then you get the airship.
And there's, you know, all the little drama, the little side stories that end up like, especially with Vincent.
You know, the whole Lucretia thing being Aerith's mom, Sephiroth's mom and a bunch of crap.
But this game has some of my favorite music in it too, Rob. You should totally play.
Sure, we'll go back from the battle sound there and check out, let's see, you marked this as your favorite song.
This is my favorite in the game.
Just a little bit of it.
This is the first Jenova battle theme.
This is like my favorite music in the whole damn game.
And then my second favorite is actually more Jenova music.
The one that basically takes the battle theme and kind of redoes it.
If you don't mind.
Sure, I'll go to that one too.
Let's see.
And then I'll keep going with.
Here we go, here's a clip.
It takes it so minimalist and then just makes it super dramatic.
Anyway, so you've got all these other characters.
You've got Barret who cusses.
And Sid who has the best line in the whole game.
Is sit down in your chair and drink your goddamn tea.
Which ended up being quoted in like AOL chats for years and years and years.
And of course there's Red13 who is a kind of a lion-y looking guy.
And CatShe which for the record that is how it's pronounced.
Because it's Celtic.
It's not Cait Sith, it's CatShe.
Just thought I'd let you know.
I'm muddying the whole internet now.
I love Cait Sith, what are you talking about?
Who ends up being like a Tarte controlling the body and everything.
And of course there's Sephiroth because Sephiroth is what you got.
And by the way the story still makes no fucking sense to this day.
Yes it does.
Okay, because basically it's like the whole Shinra, the big corporation in charge.
Is sucking the life dry out of the planet.
And they're using the energy to do genetic experiments.
And they find this alien thing that lands.
And they're using that in their experiments too.
Hence Sephiroth.
Who's fucking crazy go nuts.
So anyway.
He uh.
He decides he's gonna do what Jenova came to do.
And that's destroy every fucking thing.
And Aerith's like uh uh bitch.
Even though you know she's a hoebag.
What?
I got corrected by my husband.
Danny came in and said sit your ass down in that chair and drink your god damn tea.
Yes.
Um.
Which by the way I did do a little bit of a double take.
The first time I was playing through this game and the game said shit.
I was like they can do that in games now.
Apparently.
Welcome to the Playstation.
Right.
Um so at any rate.
For a little bit more in the development side of that.
Uh.
Basically there are a lot of people involved in this.
This is a really big deal.
Um.
It uh was designed on Power Animator and Soft Image 3D.
Which is early 3D.
Ooh.
This is before my eye kids.
You know before you could just download 3D software.
You know.
For fun.
And uh.
But they.
The story was pretty much.
Um.
Pretty much what they had in mind for the Famicom.
But they were able to develop it a lot more and bring the 3D in.
Um.
They also included um previews of other games.
Um.
Basically the demo disc was a pack in with Tobol No. 1.
In Japan.
Which Tobol No. 1 was also a good game.
And uh had previews of Bushido Blade and Saga Frontier.
And uh there were just lots of cool stuff.
There was a PC version that came out um on Windows.
But it was uh.
Really.
And when it came out for systems at the time.
It was really uh.
Requirement heavy.
It really pushed systems.
And it played really slow.
It was.
Molasses.
Um.
Although now I've found that people have done um.
Different uh.
Patches form.
Where they have the Advent Children thing.
There's a whole Advent Children remake.
Um.
Using the Final Fantasy 7 PC version.
They've reskinned.
The music.
They've done uh.
HD versions.
It's pretty crazy.
And then I saw someone actually um.
Going through and using the um.
Unreal Engine to re-render whole scenes.
And I was hoping that someone was like.
There's a fan remake project out there too.
But they haven't.
Uh.
Really put anything concrete out there.
So.
I was really disappointed with that.
But I mean.
Like.
You've heard the music.
It's fantastic.
I've got the soundtrack.
It's wonderful.
Now there's um.
A few things about this game.
That.
I got an old.
I have a strategy guide.
That was based off the Japanese version.
So I really wanted to play the Japanese version for a while.
And so I finally got to borrow my friends.
And there's this little thing.
I was telling you about it this morning Rob.
These little things called Test Zero.
That look like blocky Dobermans.
And if you go into the gold saucer in the prison.
And go in the well.
They hide out in the well.
There's three of them.
It's a random encounter.
And if you keep attacking them.
And attacking and attacking and attacking and attacking.
Um.
They will uh.
They just beg for their life the whole time.
And then when you kill them you get like a million experience.
So you can like power level.
But it's not in the US one.
I tried.
Not in the US one.
Um.
There were.
Safe.
There were.
This was in the days of Dex files.
You know.
When you could download.
When you had the Dex drives.
You could download the uh.
Memory card data.
Is uh.
I got.
I always got the Tifa date.
Because I hated Aerith.
But I downloaded like a safe file that had all the other dates.
You could do a date with Aerith.
The ho-bag.
You could do a date with Barret.
And a date with Yuffie.
Which.
The Barret date was just.
Funny.
Total bromance.
Anyway.
Um.
And you play the whole game to find out the clouds fucking nuts.
And Sephiroth is even crazier.
And uh.
Aerith is dead.
Which is the best part of the game.
Um.
But yeah.
There's been rumors of Squeenix doing a remake.
And they said they would.
There's people who said they would love to dedicate the time to it.
To do it with the Final Fantasy 13 style.
So basically doing it in Unreal Engine.
Um.
There are other games related to the series.
There's Crisis Core.
Which is basically the tale of Zax and Chibi Cloud.
And there's uh.
George of Cerberus.
Which is a shooting game.
Well kind of first person shooter-y starring Vincent.
Which I sadly have but have not yet set down to play.
Um.
There were the phone games.
Remember?
What was it?
Um.
After Crisis?
Before Crisis.
Before Crisis.
That was it.
Yeah.
Um.
It was Before Crisis.
Um.
And then there's any.
There's you know.
The Advent Children Complete.
The DVD thing.
Which is awesome.
Actually the ending song has a cameo by Gerard Way of My Chemical Romance.
Just wanted.
Only in the Japanese version.
Which is stupid.
But anyway.
Um.
Just one of the best games ever.
And of course.
Um.
Amano went back and did a lot of special art.
Um.
As promotional material for Final Fantasy 7.
So uh.
I.
I.
The only ones that I have of those are what's in my huge mungus Amano art book.
Um.
But you can find them online.
They're out there.
And so that's Final Fantasy 7.
It's considered.
I mean.
I think 6 was a more solid game.
But 7 is what sits on.
I.
I.
I'll put it this way.
I owned two games before I even had a Playstation that I could say was mine.
One of them was Final Fantasy 7 and the other one was um.
A Dragon Ball GT Final Bout.
Which I wish I'd kept on.
Held onto because it was worth money and I traded it for uh.
What's that?
Blue Stinger on Dreamcast for the Japanese version.
But that's it.
Those are the two games I owned.
Alright.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week everybody.
Final Fantasy 7.
As we listen to Dark Soccer and Dan have a fight about what they did and they didn't
own.
Anyhow.
Uh.
That's gonna do it for part A of Orange Lawn Studio.
But don't go anywhere you guys.
We're gonna come back for more of Orange Lawn Studio with part B.
Where we're gonna talk about uh.
One internet service provider might be throttling your bandwidth when it comes to games.
Also we're gonna talk about some possible serious problems with the Wii U.
It might not really work.
Oh shit.
And of course rapid fire news.
Your tweets at twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Your emails at mailbagatorangelawnsradio.com and your calls on the skype line.
All when we come back with more of Orange Lawn Studio.
But before we go to our break tonight.
I gotta say I believe Irene unfortunately is going to be leaving us.
Um. Because uh. She's uh. Got like homework and like real world stuff.
Mhm.
Geez.
But uh. Thanks for sitting in on the show.
I'm sorry you didn't get to talk too much.
But.
That's okay. I talked enough.
It's. It's nice to hear from you.
Don't be a stranger.
Sure.
Is there any uh. Parting words you want to say to our listeners tonight?
Not really. No.
Okay. Well then get out.
Bye.
I'm just kidding.
Well thanks for being here.
And uh. Maybe we'll hear you at least if not on OLR in the future.
Maybe a future episode of Hoard House.
Or somewhere in the Orange Lounge Radio family of programming.
Indeed.
Alright.
Alright.
Alright. So. There you go.
Uh. We're going to take a break guys.
But don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening.
September the 11th of 2011.
With the 427th episode of our show.
And we just had a fun Part A there.
Acknowledging the fact that it is Loki's birthday today.
And if you missed that in Part A.
Uh. Irene showed up tonight.
She's left sadly.
But uh. She brought Loki some bacon.
Well they're not. They're bacon cupcakes.
But basically she's.
Bacon garnished.
Bacon garnished cupcakes.
Like there's not bacon inside the cupcakes.
But it is pretty good I guess.
We finally dived into him during the break and ate them.
We have a present in here now.
So there you go.
Dan the man is here in studio joining us.
What have you been playing lately Dan?
Dan of course. Dark Soccer's husband.
What have you been up to?
I'm working.
You're working? You're not playing games?
I haven't got to play many games.
What is up with that?
Everybody's been saying that tonight.
I've been working too much to play games.
I understand though.
I know you just recently started employment again.
And all that good stuff so.
But that's good. That's a good thing.
I did just pick up a copy of Left 4 Dead 2.
Yeah.
But I'm like too cheap to pay for Xbox Live.
After getting it for free for the last six years.
Right.
And I'm kind of like oh man.
Three months is 25 bucks?
Screw Xbox Live.
Why didn't you guys go over to PlayStation 3 then?
Because none of the people I play games with have a PlayStation 3.
You know I um.
I apologize. I forget who said this in chat.
It's just a question that came up and it scrolled by.
But it was while Dark Soccer was doing the classic game of the week.
So I couldn't bring it up.
But to summarize the question was.
If a game is available on multiple platforms.
Including PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
What goes into your decision to decide what console you get the game on?
And for me.
Certainly price weighs into it and bonus features and things of that sort.
But it's really about like where are my friends playing?
And most of the time if it's online they're probably on Xbox Live.
But there have been games that I've bought on PlayStation 3 for the simple fact.
I am not going to use the fucking Xbox controller to play this game.
My decision for playing some of these is who can I borrow it from?
I'm kind of the opposite. I like the 360 controller.
Really? Aw. But for some games I can't stand it.
Like Super Street Fighter 4. I bought it on the PlayStation 3 simply because.
Can't fucking stand the Xbox 360 controller for fighters.
That's why God made arcade sticks.
Yeah but I don't want to buy an arcade stick.
Yes you do.
I kind of do. You're right.
Told ya.
There are some games I would like to play with an arcade joystick.
Alright so Left 4 Dead 2. I'm going to get back into that.
I guess you've got some friends.
I've never really started on that. I played like the demo.
I've liked both Left 4 Deads and I was always like.
Yeah it's like a first person shooter.
Seems like it might be kind of cool if I was playing with other people.
But it's no fun to play by yourself.
I've watched Salacious Pop play a little bit of that and it looks interesting.
But I tried to play it and I am fucking terrible at it.
It's easy to find more people that have it in the system link.
It's such a team based game. I just bring the team down.
Well the problem is one of the people we're going to play with is in Washington.
We don't have that long of an ethernet cable.
If anyone has an 800 mile ethernet cable, hook it up.
Actually X-Link Kai. You can do that.
That's system link over the internet.
Oh yeah like the game spy tunnel thing they used to do.
Yeah.
Nice.
The one component that I have a hard time defining when I would buy a game for is the PC.
Because I'm kind of like.
Oh PC games are usually pretty niche.
And a lot of times the games I buy on the PC are only on the PC.
Diablo 3 would be a good example.
Although it's very likely Diablo 3 is coming to console.
I'm not going to wait for it.
I want it when it fucking comes out.
And I bought Starcraft 2 on PC.
I bought Civilization 5 on PC.
Those games only exist on PC.
The cross platform stuff, I tend to gravitate towards the console strictly because I like to curl up on the couch.
Play the game.
Like I don't know. There's just PC games has a different.
Maybe it's ridiculous. I don't know.
But just like sitting in the office chair playing my PC games is not the same to me as being on the couch.
I love Steam.
All lazy.
Yeah and Steam will occasionally have those really fucking good sales that will make me want to buy a game on it.
So.
That was broken.
But like Portal is a good example of a game I bought on PC because it was a really good fucking deal.
I prefer playing it on PC.
I mean for me it's just easier to control even with my trackball mouse.
Now that's a keyboard mouse thing right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I play, but see I played Portal on my PC because it looked better but I used a 360 controller.
Interesting. Okay.
I tried playing it with a 360 controller and I just didn't like it.
It wasn't very intuitive to me.
Yeah I played DC Universe on the PC but I played with a controller.
Now I was, you know, I was stuck on using a controller forever like when I played Final Fantasy XI.
I used a controller.
I had all my macros queued to my trigger buttons and everything.
And I played PSO, you know, with a controller and it wasn't until I started playing World of Warcraft that I started playing keyboard and mouse.
Something that came up on this week's Hoard House, Plug Plug, the show I do all about, all things World of Warcraft at www.hoardhouse.com.
Never too seriously though with Extifer.
One of the things he brought up this week was that his brother in law likes to play World of Warcraft.
I guess something he's been getting into on a PS3 controller.
And like it actually kind of works.
And the way it, it's very similar to how Final Fantasy XI played on the PlayStation 2 controller where you have to kind of macro things to buttons.
But it actually kind of works.
He was doing quests with them and everything.
I guess the only thing that gets a little wonky I think he said was the camera gets a little weird.
I can see that.
But I found that to be very interesting.
But you know if he's fast enough with macro attacks I bet using a controller would make it really good for PvP.
Yeah. Could be very interesting.
Because I can't do PvP because I can't mouse turn with my mouse.
I just do hide in the corner while everyone else does PvP.
That's why the big battlegrounds are fun.
Yeah that's why. I like the big battlegrounds.
Yeah so I guess it's really just a number of factors that go into the decision.
I can't like sit here and say, oh I would always go PS3.
Because I don't.
It just kind of, where's everyone else going to be?
What kind of game is it?
Where am I going to be playing it the most?
All those things kind of weigh into it.
For me I really just prefer almost anything on Xbox 360.
The controller feels pretty comfortable to my hand because I have to have a slightly wider reach on the PS3.
And the way that the little parts that stick out sit on my hand is because of my surgery really.
So it's hard for me.
I will say this.
I'm glad I have the choice.
And I realize not everyone invests in the 360 and the PS3.
And a high end PC capable of running today's games.
I realize not everybody can juggle all those things.
But you know I like that I'm fortunate enough where I have been able to have all those so I can make the decision.
For the record I just got completely light headed once the sugar hit my brain.
From those cupcakes.
I know.
Good times.
And my stomach aches.
The butter and the buttercream is kind of making me feel sick.
I only ate one.
I'm eating it anyways.
I had a frappuccino on the way in here and that was enough sugar so I didn't need it.
We'll get you the other lid for that other container.
You guys all know how I feel about pumpkin and pumpkin spice frappuccinos are back.
I want a pumpkin spice muffin right the hell now.
No I've been wanting one since breakfast.
So.
You better go now before all the Starbucks close.
So tomorrow.
You know what?
They should have had pumpkin at um.
No because I didn't like the pumpkin at Pinkberry.
Oh I love the pumpkin at Pinkberry.
It was good.
It wasn't as good.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Let's get into rapid fire news.
Back to gaming news.
A lot of quick stories we want to talk about with you guys.
Before we get to some of the other stuff.
Loki start us off.
Just like they did with the Resident Evil series.
They're going to be bringing HD remakes of Devil May Cry 1, 2, and 3.
To the Playstation Network and Xbox Live Arcade.
And this is coming to us from an ESRB leak.
Or well.
A rating I guess.
It leaked out that they were putting that stuff out.
But.
It's been rated for all three games.
On um.
On the consoles.
So.
Uh.
Very interesting that those will be coming out.
And uh.
They're kind of the trend lately.
Just do some HD remakes and.
Pop them up on there and people will buy them.
So.
Look for an announcement I'm sure.
Soon.
Um.
And the kind that go along with that.
Crisis.
Rumor to be coming to the new consoles.
Um.
Now has um.
I guess it's going to be coming to the Playstation Network and Xbox Live Arcade this October.
Also coming I believe from a leak as well.
Um.
And of course these games are going to be remastered.
They're going to be also available in 3D.
And they're.
They announced that they're going to be 1600 Microsoft points or 1999.
Um.
So that's kind of cool.
And those will be coming soon.
And the original crisis was a really good game.
Just.
I couldn't finish mine on the PC because.
Well.
It wouldn't let me.
Bad glitches.
And then last but not least.
There's this trend.
I wouldn't say it's a.
Big trend.
But uh.
Something that they call swatting.
It's a griefing trend.
Basically one of the Xbox Live mods.
I had this happen to him.
Swatting is where somebody basically calls up the FBI or tips off you know the police
or whatever that.
A certain person that you say may want to grief.
Has you know bombs or hostages or whatever in their house.
And of course since police have to take things like that seriously.
They go and storm the guys house and.
What not.
Um.
So yeah apparently this guy had it happened and.
They.
The police chief believes that the griefers hacked into a nine one one text messaging
service to pull off.
Um.
The griefing.
So they're all we have officers respond in lights and sirens.
To call they think is an emergency in progress and they get there only to find out it's a
hoax.
So apparently that's fucked up.
There's a hundred hundred documented cases.
So far the FBI is tracking so.
All the way from like Oregon to Florida.
That is so fucked up to do that like that in juvenile that better fucking come around
to bite these people in the ass because not only is it just fucked up to do to somebody
but that is such a waste of money because the police department the fire department
all that they've got to take that shit seriously you know.
And that's thousands of dollars of our money that's spent on these laws and it's not fucking
funny.
You know what I mean.
It's just sad.
Very unfortunate.
Although I'd have to ask is how the fuck do they get the guy's address.
That's a very good question.
Unfortunately probably more hacking of some sort or could it be as simple as the guys
in the yellow or the white pages.
Does that even exist anymore.
I guess there are still phone books.
Yeah they they drop a phone book off at my doorstep every once in a while.
This is a big advertisement for all the companies so you know what.
The day and age that we live in right now with the Internet I just throw that shit in
the garbage.
The phone book's a waste of money.
It's unfortunate.
Anyhow.
Moving on to some more news.
The Sim social we mentioned earlier.
It is currently a more active game than Farmville on Facebook.
So Sim social is now actually surpassed Farmville in the amount of daily active users.
The Sim social is seeing an average of nine point three million active users per day.
They play on the average three times a day in 15 to 20 minute increments.
Of course if you're dark soccer that's backwards.
She plays 15 to 20 times a day in three minute increments.
Just kidding.
That's pretty true.
Okay I'm not kidding.
Anyhow Farmville still has eight point one million people but the most popular game on
Facebook right now.
Cityville also by Zynga.
Thirteen point nine million users a day.
The only app that gets more traffic than that is Windows Messenger Live which is somehow
integrated into Facebook.
I've never even used that.
There you go.
So what isn't said is how much fucking wall spam has gone out because of this app.
It's one of those things I hate that I play it but I can't stop playing.
Argh.
I would block people that did that.
Here's a game that I can't be sad about enjoying because it's really fucking good.
Little Big Planet 2.
Well okay so I haven't really played the sequel like I've played the original.
But I will at some point.
It just went on sale.
I need to get it.
Little Big Planet 2 just got its move patch.
I guess it's.
I could loan it to you.
It's not.
Oh that'd be great.
It's not going live just yet until the move pack goes out.
But update 1.06 is out which does release some new censors.
Some limiting players on homebrew levels.
You can control the basic game with the move controller now.
So all that stuff is setting up to take away for the move support officially in Little
Big Planet 2 which comes with the move pack very very very soon.
Lastly if you build games a little more seriously than Little Big Planet 2.
Not to say Little Big Planet is a serious business.
But this is real serious business.
Raw source code of popular games.
How popular?
Wolfenstein 3D Platinum and Doom Classic.
Don't worry guys.
This is legit.
ID Software actually released the source codes themselves.
You can go get the source codes for these games.
And there you go.
It's update 2.1.
And you can go grab the source code and tinker away at that.
I'd be excited to see what kind of games come out of that.
I think the Wolfenstein code had been released before and this is some type of upgrade.
But there you go.
Moving on Dark Soccer.
What do you have for us?
How about some DJ Max Technica?
I know that you like that game right?
I do.
The arcade game is pretty awesome.
What's coming to the Vita?
It's going to be.
Yeah it's actually DJ Max Technica going to be out on the Vita.
There is not a date yet but they say it looks like it's going to be really hard.
And that it's going to use both the touch screen and the rear touch panel.
So who knows?
That makes a lot of sense considering that you know when I heard about this I was like
oh yeah cause the game is basically on a giant touch screen.
It's basically Elite Beat Agents.
Yeah.
And then other news.
Microsoft says 42% of US Xbox Live Gold members watch an average of an hour of video content a day.
And that's including Hulu Plus, Netflix, and Zune on Xbox 360.
So it looks like there are going to be quite a bit more going on.
In fact it was reported by Terry Farrell, not to be confused with the lady that played Judzia Dax.
Who is the Senior Product Manager of Xbox Live Entertainment.
This report comes from him.
So they're going to definitely be working to up that in the fall dashboard update.
And then sad, sad, sad news.
Game writing pioneer Bill Kunkel passed away.
Very sad.
He died on September 4th.
He was the Game Doctor.
Does that sound familiar to anybody?
I totally remember the Game Doctor columns from the old magazines from back in the...
Oh god that was like the 80s.
Computer Gaming World.
Video Game Computer Entertainment, right?
Yep.
And the original Electronic Games, not to be confused with Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
The Commodore 64 magazines.
We had them all.
That and the Commodore 64 magazines.
But Bill wasn't a part of those.
I don't think.
Well he was 61 years old.
And he'd been working on video game columns since 1978.
And he co-founded EGM.
Wow.
He will be missed.
As I understand it, he was working right up until the unfortunate...
Because the death was unexpected as I hear.
So he was still doing some work on websites and so forth.
So it's surprising.
It's very unfortunate.
I'm pulling up a list of other things that he worked on.
Because he said he also did stuff for DC and Marvel.
Actually also worked with KKWD, Fogg Studios, Metropolis Media.
Busy guy.
Lots of stuff.
And did a lot of the strategy guides for Prima.
Oh wow.
Maximo Carnage, Descent, FPS Baseball, Gex, Die Hard Trilogy, NFL Quarterback Club 98, Madden 64, and Brady.
So he was actually getting into game development at some point.
He did Madden 64 for a Brady game. Sorry.
Oh I see. Okay. Interesting.
So yeah, pretty crazy stuff.
It's too bad.
Yeah.
Too bad.
Well that's it for our quick news tonight.
So let's get back into more news.
I don't know why we have the quick news and then the long news.
But I don't know. It's just the way we've been doing it.
Whatever. Let's move on. Loki.
So you may remember that during Gamescom they announced that the PSP is going to be getting a new version out in Europe that was going to be Sans Wi-Fi.
And we're kind of wondering why they went ahead and did this seeing as the Vita is going to be coming out soon.
Well one of the things that they're trying to do is target teens.
They're saying it's all for the audience.
If we're going to take PSP very young, teens and much younger, they're happy to just play the game.
If taking Wi-Fi out is the price to pay, we're happy to do it.
And they also believe that the price point will give the console a much needed sales bump, especially during the upcoming holiday season.
And they're saying that at 99 euro it'll make a great Christmas gift.
Of course the new system is dubbed the E1000.
Honestly, if you're really looking for a PSP system, you can buy a new system for less than that with Wi-Fi.
But it's what the gamers want, Loki. It's what the 13 year old gamers want.
Wi-Fi doesn't cost that much. I mean, come on.
And you know what? Teenagers nowadays have smartphones. They have iPods, iPhones, whatnot.
Teenagers do not need a PSP. They need a school book.
I understand that, but they are connected to the internet.
It's like they're saying, well, teenagers are just happy to play the game.
Yes, some of them are just happy to play the games.
But you know what? You can still buy one of your older PSP systems and have that functionality in there for the same price, if not cheaper.
Have you heard that whole, not to deviate too much from the story, but have you heard that whole story about how the kids at some schools in certain districts are now, instead of getting textbooks, they get iPads with the books on them?
Because, believe it or not, a $600 iPad or whatever, well, what's the lowest one cost? Maybe $400?
Those iPads are cheaper than some of the textbooks for all those classes combined.
It's like the iPad is becoming a cheaper alternative. It's crazy.
To the textbooks.
Yep. How about this? How about instead of spending $500 on an iPad, which granted is a good piece of technology, but how about you spend it on a cheaper e-reader and you can put those books on there?
Dude, you can get HP touch pads for $100. They should have got in on that deal.
I mean, if it's reading just books, that's all it's doing, I think there's cheaper alternatives out there than just that.
Or, here's an idea, pretty much everybody, you know, nowadays in school and stuff, and I know that there's people out there that are, you know, without a substantial income, but you gotta admit, most people probably have a PC at home.
Right.
You know, the majority of people out there have a PC. Just give it to them in like a PDF format or something like that. I guess if you're bringing it to the school, but...
What are the authors of those books? I mean, a desktop. You could have a desktop computer at each one of these desk...
I think a lot do now.
Yes, and then just have the book on there.
Geez. Alright, going to our chatroom at chat.orangetonshade.com, taking you back to what the story was originally about before we got on that tangent, ToaGak in our chatroom says,
You want to know what my PSP is used for? 99% WiFi, 1% games. You know, I've heard that a lot. Not so much the teenage crowd, but the college crowd really loves that the PSP is a web browser, an MP3 player, and it happens to play games.
And I've said this a million times on the show before. I'm starting to sound like a broken record. The PSP's biggest strength was always the fact that it didn't just do games.
It did, well, like their little tagline, it only does everything, and that really is Sony's strength.
It's not going to do much, though, when it doesn't have WiFi.
Exactly. So it's like, it only does nothing, is what this system does.
I just don't understand what the point is, because it will help bump sales. I don't know about the Europe region, but in the US and North America, there's not a lot of PSP games coming out.
There's like five. Five for the whole fourth quarter.
I was fascinated to go to Fry's today, as I was talking about before, and see that they are still selling the PSP movies.
You can still buy PSP movies.
Yeah, probably got them for a good deal, because no one's selling them anymore.
Five to ten bucks.
Sony was the only one for the longest time that was putting out movies on that system. The last movie I remember on the UMD format was 2012.
That's a Sony title, so obviously that makes sense why that would be on there. Well, it sort of makes sense.
Those things are dirt cheap now. They're definitely not manufacturing them anymore.
Yeah, I don't understand the point. Of course they want their system to sell well, but I think removing a pretty integral feature from the system that, once again, with the whole PSP Go and stuff,
you don't need to reinvent the system to help it sell. Why are you going to spend more money on a system that does less?
That's the whole point here. Why would I spend more money on a system that doesn't have Wi-Fi when I can use this in preferred, but you know what?
Those so-called teenagers probably don't give a shit that it's a little bit used, and it will come with games for less than that.
In fact, I think I was taking a look here. I saw some new, well, some used PSP systems on eBay.
We'll see here. They've got the Giga pack or whatever. $65 starting on those used.
Also, if you just want the PSP Slim, they have the Slim with Crysis Core, the Final Fantasy VII bundle or whatever, and silver. $89.
And I know that the Euros, that's almost one and a half times the US dollar.
I mean, shit, you can buy a new system here for $129.99, brand new. And they're region-free, so why not?
Or at this point, you might as well just wait for the Vita.
Alright, we'll get something else.
Well, moving on to a totally different topic. This is about not getting between somebody and their bandwidth.
You know, nothing gets the internet rabble-rabble more than hearing about internet service providers and their recent restrictions.
Well, this has to do with a Canadian provider, actually. It has to do with Rogers Cable and Telcom, who's Canada's largest broadband provider.
Apparently, they had some complaints from World of Warcraft players saying that the World of Warcraft traffic was being throttled.
Now, oh my gosh, that just goes double so. Do not get between, and I say this as a Warcraft player, do not get between me and my WoW.
Do not try to limit my bandwidth and lower my ping times.
And there was accusations that Rogers was apparently throttling the bandwidth and so forth.
Rogers has admitted that the game's online traffic might actually trip the monitors that kind of monitor this stuff and result in throttling.
They are calling this inadvertent, but that doesn't fix the problem.
I guess Canadian regulators have even gotten involved.
The Canadian Gamers Organization, I didn't even know that existed. That's kind of cool.
They actually filed an inquiry into the practices of this company.
So I guess what happens is because you've got the peer-to-peer traffic going on in World of Warcraft, it's being misclassified as something more nefarious.
By the way, the same thing apparently is happening in Call of Duty Black Ops.
I guess the rule is that if something is transmitting 80 kbps or more, it is what is enabling the throttling.
So, now Rogers says that the games can all run underneath that rate.
So those who are experiencing the throttling must be running some type of other application with the gaming.
But I kind of sit there and go, what about Ventrilo and some of the other stuff?
I'm notorious for playing WoW and surfing the web at the same time. Just put a renew on somebody and then go alt-tab and check my email.
Anyhow, let's see. I guess the co-founder of the Canadian Gamer Organization said,
quote, rather than fixing the issue and actively whitelisting gaming systems to ensure they are not affected, Rogers is continuing to rely on consumer input and complaints rather than put forth the active testing needed to ensure compliance with CRTC policy.
We believe this approach is inappropriate under these circumstances.
So the Canadian Gamer Organization is going to ask for a new law requiring providers like Rogers to have a formal way for customers to report complaints.
Canadians are pissed and you don't hear that very often.
Honestly, I think I would be too.
Oh yeah, you don't get between somebody and their WoW. You just don't. Call of Duty, all those people.
Especially, the shitty thing is that it is legitimate use of the internet and it's being throttled.
Like, I understand why they want to throttle bandwidth and so forth, but you know, unfortunately, legit people pay the cost of somebody else.
All the time, the common thing. Same thing we've said about DRM time and time again.
Let's get to the emails.
Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
DarkSocker is going to dive into the email bag and pull out a few of her favorite emails.
Ew, it's so sticky!
Alright, the first one.
Hi all, just wanted to point out that you could actually surf the net on the DS.
They just didn't release the attachments in the USA. When I was in Japan, I bought it and it was one of the ones that used the GBA slot in a different way.
As for the 3DS vs Vita, well, I just got a 3DS. The PSP never appealed to me. I love the 3DS.
Although I did buy mine on eBay for $195 for 3DS games included and the Nintendo Ambassador program.
With the Vita, and by the way, it's V-I-T-A, not D-A.
It would have to pull off something really impressive because Netflix on my 3DS is awesome.
Not going to buy another system if the one I have now can do it already and that's from Holly D.
You know what, that is correct. I could have sworn we would have made that clear because I was aware that the DS had a web browser but only on the DS's that had the eShop.
And that would start with the DSi and above. However, I do remember that I did forget that Japan did have a cart.
Actually, I found one for sale at the local dimple.
The US also had a cart.
Did they really?
Yes, it came with a memory expansion slot that goes in the Game Boy Advance slot.
Well, I did forget about the browser and the cartridge.
But still terrible.
Yeah, I don't like browsing the web on the 3DS either.
It is terrible.
It's clunky, I don't know.
Well, moving forward.
Needs to be optimized. Ok.
Evening. I would have sent this last week but didn't realize you had a Labor Day weekend show.
Anyhow, I see the mobile game Flight Control is now available for WiiWare.
Fairly nice to have this one on a full display with local multiplayer, although the lack of versus is somewhat disappointing.
Also, it really puts the infamous Wii Remote jitter front and center.
Sorry, I believe last year Firemint was supposed to have a PS Move version of the game.
Did they say why this never came out in North America?
And that's from Robert M.
No, and I got to admit, I'm not very familiar with that game.
What is it called again?
Flight Control?
Hmm.
Loki, is this a game you know about?
I think Flight Control is one of those air traffic controller games where you control the different planes that are taking off and stuff.
I think they have that kind of stuff on the iPod.
It might have been a WiiWare game.
It said it was originally a mobile game.
Yeah.
I'm looking at a trailer here for the game.
I'm so visual, I need to see this here.
Oh!
See?
Once I see it, this is based on an iPad game.
This is where you draw the path of the planes and you don't want them to collide.
This is based off an iPad game.
See?
I just had to see it.
I do know this game.
I didn't know that they had ported it to anything besides the iPad.
That part's news to me.
So there you go.
Sorry, I don't know the other answer to your question.
I'm sorry.
Rob, you're going to need to pull up this email because apparently there's a YouTube link.
I'm going to copy it to you.
Yeah, just copy the YouTube link to me.
But I will read you the...
Let me just paste it to you real quick.
Live radio, kids.
It's what we're all about here.
Hey, I'm fast.
With my damn trackball.
Do I play it now or when you say?
After this.
I'll go ahead and read this.
Yo homies, Xenocore here.
I'm sad that I just discovered this song, but you must use this for Listless this Sunday.
Okay?
For Listless?
This is from the Rubber Bandits, Horse Outside.
And don't use the clean version.
This song is freaking awesome.
I think they're talking about Cage Match.
Oh, yeah.
It's probably Cage Match.
But, hey.
Don't be going fucking dumb stuff and around like one of them covers, you know?
Dudes with accents.
Let me forward a little bit here.
Yeah, I think this is something for the Cage Match segment, not the...
Veto.
That's it.
I'll check it out later.
Veto.
Not when we're live on air.
Okay.
Well, that's it.
That's it?
That's it.
We need more emails.
Well, the other one was someone trying to get us to, like, post his stuff, and I'm like,
no.
Yeah, yeah.
Orangelauntrader.com.
Free plugs.
You have to disguise for free plugs.
I'm not free.
All right.
All right.
Let's get to the part of the show where we...
It costs a lot of money to be this cheap.
Let's get to the part of the show where we get ranty.
It's the FUs of the week, and we do them here on the show because we can.
FU to finding out about emo crap during the show.
Ugh.
Loki.
Fucking my cat for being an asshole.
Um.
I don't know.
FU to the fact that this weekend was shorter than last weekend.
No, FU to the three-hour nap I took yesterday.
This is the first weekend in forever where I had literally nothing planned on Saturday.
It was amazing to just sit at home all day and veg.
But what did I do?
I napped literally the whole damn day away.
But I feel really rested, and I feel great.
So, I guess I needed it.
But FU to what felt like a wasted day.
All right.
A few more news stories for you guys, then we're gonna open it up to you guys via Twitter,
Twitter.com slash O-L-R, and our Skype line at 1877 game O-L-R.
But don't call yet, because we still have a few more stories to get through.
Yeah, Origin has been doing pretty well.
EA's new, um, kind of e-commerce site for streaming game.
Well, not really streaming games, but downloading digital games and stuff like that.
They have four million client installs.
That doesn't really translate into purchases, but it's been installed on four million computers.
They're gonna be adding third-party content very soon.
And, of course, they're saying that it will use its collection of 130 million users and various payment methods to attract third-party games to Origin.
So, wait a second.
So, what they're saying is they have four million client installs, yet 130 million users?
That doesn't really make sense to me.
Whatever.
I guess they're talking about maybe the Electronic Arts site and how they have that, like, uh...
Oh, like when you do Dragon Age and stuff? You have to sign up for their stupid online thing?
Yeah, I like how they count all those players in there.
They don't have a choice. They have to sign up on that site in order to play those games.
It's not like, oh, I love EA. I'm gonna totally register an account with them because they're awesome,
and I love their products, and I really...
You have no choice.
But I like how they skew that. That's awesome.
And then, of course, there's some information from Origin regarding a new remake of Syndicate, that series.
Apparently, it's gonna be done by the developer Starbreeze, who did Escape from Butcher Bay and The Darkness.
And I guess they're showing off some stuff. Some stuff, I guess, leaked out from their website.
Looks interesting. They're saying that the story's penned by the guy that did the Crysis 2 script,
and he also wrote some books and stuff.
Also, that it's supposed to debut next week in the Game Reactor magazine, which is a Swedish publication.
And, I don't know, it looks kinda cool. So, I guess, check out the EA Origins store if you wanna catch some details on that,
or just check out the web, because it's leaked out.
Alright. I have yet to use the Origins store, but I remember we got a call last week saying it's not that bad, you guys.
But it is interesting that it has so many installs, but isn't that because it's kind of forced on people?
I don't know.
Well, Origin, I mean, some of it's probably voluntary. Some of it was, didn't it become Origin, like it was something else,
and then it just translated over to Origin?
God, well, whenever I hear Origin, I think about the old school publishing house, or studio, that would make,
like the old Ultimate games are all Origin.
Yeah, I think that's what this is.
No. No, no, no, no. This is Steam. This is their Steam competitor.
Well, I understand that, but Origin was that company, and now it's the site.
Right, EA sucked them up, and then never used the name, and now they just brought back the name for this,
but the two uses of the name have nothing to do with each other. Does that make sense?
Oh, yeah, it makes sense.
Anyhow, Wii U, this has been some big news talking about this week, and, you know, while this reeks of being a rumor,
this is coming from that French site that's been getting a lot of smoking guns lately.
They've become quite the site to get the early gossip, because they leaked the news about the Vita, right, I think?
They leaked the news about the extra thing on the 3DS, which now we have a picture of,
and now they're talking about this, so take it with a grain of salt, but it's very interesting we're writing the Wii U.
Apparently, they're saying that Nintendo is having big problems getting the Wii U up and running.
Apparently, the Wii U is not up to wanting to do what Nintendo needs it to do.
It's not just running the console, but beaming the data to the touchscreen controller as well.
Apparently, developers that are working on the console, they use tethers to ensure that the communication,
so basically it has to do with the wireless aspect of it, and right now the developers have to use a wire to the controller
to make sure the information gets across fast enough.
Even then, apparently things aren't still working out that well.
Progress is halted daily with repeated software updates for the pad. Hmm, interesting.
Apparently, these problems are causing a delay in the console's launch.
Originally, they had been looking at June 2012, but now they're saying September 2012,
which to me, personally, I would have said, well, that was the timeframe I was thinking for the system anyways.
That doesn't seem like such a huge setback.
Now, obviously, you can't prove these allegations. Nintendo, even though the blogs are trying to get them to comment,
they're not going to. They're going to say, we don't comment on re-imagination and speculation,
but it definitely kind of says, hmm, maybe this is not going to be ready by the time it needs to roll out,
or at least it's going to be really gimped.
So I'm sure Loki's just ready to unfold on this one, right, Loki? What do you think of hearing all this?
It's still really early. I mean, I don't know. It's hard to say. I mean, it's not good.
I mean, I just don't know. I just don't know if it's really going to end up being true.
Obviously, they're not going to launch the system if it's, you know, not going to work.
If it's flat doesn't work, they're not going to launch it, but might they have to downgrade it a little bit to get it to work?
Or I guess it could go the other way around. They'd have to upgrade it to get it to work too, huh?
I'm not sure which way it goes. Do you downgrade the processing power so that way there's not as much data to transmit?
Or do you upgrade, I guess, finding the balance?
But it is interesting that the PlayStation 3 kind of does this with the PSP right now.
It's a little lag though. I mean, it wouldn't, the technology has to get a little bit better than that.
I don't know how it's going to work with the PS3 and the Vita, but you know, it's a little bit laggy.
And obviously, they don't want that on the Wii U.
So, I'm wondering though what it uses because I was just looking this up.
Just a theory here. One reason why we may be seeing the whole 3DS getting a second analog stick is maybe they're just not going to put out the controller at all.
It's just going to use the 3DS and because the 3DS has 802.11g, it's a lot more bandwidth than say, ad hoc wireless, which I'm not really sure what speed that's at, but I don't think it's as fast as wireless g.
So, if that's the case, then they'd be able to fit more data through there. Plus, it's a smaller screen. Maybe? I don't know.
Interesting comment from Imaginomicon in chat. In all fairness, Kinect had basically the same situation.
That is, it couldn't do what they initially advertised and was eventually gimped.
Weren't there early rumors about the Kinect that the Kinect couldn't see certain races and things like that?
Yeah, that's not true though.
Okay, that was just bad PR for Microsoft.
They're all, oh, I can't see black people. No, that's not true.
Well, obviously I can now, but you know.
Well, it could before. It was just like, if you're playing on, you know, it depends on where you're playing. If you're playing with something with a lot of light interference or if it's too dark or something like that.
Well, I can't play Kinect in the dark either. I mean, you gotta have some, you know, some light.
So, it was stupid because it was like, well, actually it won't detect anybody in those lighting conditions and not necessarily just people of a certain race.
So, yeah, that was just...
But I do seem to recall that it seemed like the Kinect, I want to say there was a story about how they did have to kind of change the Kinect too.
Well, I think they dropped the resolution down so they could have more bandwidth to go between the sensor and, you know, the system.
But, you know, that's just a little bit of data going back and forth via like USB, but this isn't even close to that. This is going to be like streaming video and inputs and stuff like that.
You're talking about being able to play games streaming from your console onto the...
Which, I don't understand why it's not possible. I mean, you can do it on the PSP, but you can do it on the PSP over the internet and over that 802.11g.
So, maybe like I said before, more bandwidth there and allow you to be able to do what you can't do on the console.
Although, why couldn't you make the controller connect to your WiFi network?
Hey, then you can even add it. So, hey, look, you can surf the web on this controller, but it's not going to let you do that.
All right, well, let's move on with a few more stories before we get to the Twitter topics and phone calls.
I'm expecting to hear about this and some phone calls tonight.
Dark Soccer, our next story.
Well, how about the scariest Xbox 360 game? Ooh, what do you think it would be?
Scariest Xbox 360 game? I don't know.
Well, it looks that the major vote goes for Dead Space 2. That that is considered to be the scariest game.
And this is coming just ahead of... What they did is they actually tested core and casual gamer's heart rate, sweat levels and body temperature, while playing Alan Wake, Resident Evil 5, Dead Space 2, and Condemned.
It was sad that Yaris wasn't included in there.
Well, that would have been just... That would have been nausea inducing, not scary.
How about connectable? Some of those fuckers are pretty frightening.
They said that core gamers dealt better with the scares than the apparently wussy casual players.
But they all experienced rapidly increased heart rate, stunted breathing, and a rise in skin temperature.
And there were pretty vocal about some of it too, like one of them started screaming, oh my god, oh my god, this shit is so scary.
It sounds like Shane when they're playing Silent Hill or something.
Other games that were considered but not found scary enough were Left 4 Dead 2, Gears of War 2, Condemned 2, Fear 1 and 2, Dead Space 1, and Silent Hill Homecoming, Alone in the Dark, and Mass Effect 2.
But they aren't scary enough to be.
I told you about how Silent Hill Homecoming made me basically scream like a little girl and go shut the front door that had blown open from the wind, and oh my god, that was a horrible night.
Hearts.
Like who sits at home alone in the dark and plays Silent Hill? You're just asking for it.
Well, remember when Miklotov was visiting a while back and played through Silent Hill 2?
And we were all curled up in your living room, like on the couch, in the dark, watching him play.
I don't think I was in there.
Actually, no, you weren't. You weren't there. I was there, and it was like, I think Irene was there.
And, um, Eddie. I think Eddie was there.
But yeah, that was pretty funny.
Well, Christopher was there.
Because it was when you were living with Christopher.
Ah, no, I probably just was out.
Yeah, you were gone.
I was probably on a hot date.
While you nerds were playing Silent Hill.
Dude, that shit was awesome.
Loki.
Um, so of course, you know, one of the pioneers of Project $10 was EA.
And EA's been doing this for a while now.
Since June of last year, starting with Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11.
They were including, basically, a voucher in their new games that allowed you to get online access.
Their online pass, if you will.
And if you bought the game used, well, that might not be in there.
And so you would have to pay $10 to be able to play online.
Well, EA has come out and said that they have made between $10 and $15 million from online pass.
And apparently the revenues they said that they derived from that haven't been dramatic.
Um, but since they initiated the program, but it's not a failure at all.
And when you consider that, that's spread across quite a few games.
You know, Tiger Woods, NCAA football, both years for NCAA football and Madden.
EA does a lot of sports games.
EA, MMA, um, lots of stuff.
I don't think any non-sports games have been part of this so far, but it's just been sports games.
But also figure, though, that nowadays, especially the EA Sports MMA and some of the older games,
it is still cheaper to buy the game with the $10 pass and use rather than buying it new.
So, you know, some people might not really think of it as a big deal.
And really, they only have to, that's about 1 million people that have bought into this.
They've split that across, you know, over five games or whatever.
That's, you know, quite a significant amount, I guess.
But 200,000 per title, you know, split across platforms and stuff.
Wow, they, you know, despite, what do you want to call the number, big or small or whatever,
EA made money appear out of nowhere.
Yeah, good for them. It's not deserving.
I don't think that they need that money because, once again, you know, their complaint was,
oh, well, those people that buy the game used, you know.
The tax breaks they're getting from the government just aren't enough.
Did you read about that this week?
Oh, yeah, I read about that.
Yeah, and their excuse, well, those people that are buying used, you know,
we can't support the online, you know, if they're buying the game used because we don't see any of their revenue.
Yeah, that's a nice way to spin it except for the fact that the person that first bought that game brand new
already paid you that money to, you know, keep up your network.
So, too damn bad. Suck it up. You're EA. You can survive.
Well, if you really want to stick it to these developers, you could just say, and publishers and so forth,
you could just say, fuck it, I'm not even going to play these games anymore.
I'm going to stick to free shit.
Or, if you want to play those games, don't play them online.
And I'm not talking about piracy. I'm talking about actually designed to be free to play games.
And I'm not talking about a crappy little Facebook game like SimSocial, which is a crap that I love.
Anyway, but this is a game. It's a free to download game. It's in beta right now.
And it's a game called Oniken.
Oniken is, I guess, a tribute to challenging 8-bit action games from the NES.
They say that the game is actually NES hard.
And there's a little clip here I'm going to play in studio, and I think Dark Sakura would be into this
because it looks a bit like the guy's weapon he's using is very Strider-esque.
But, yeah, once again, this is not like a NES ROM. This is actually-
Oh my god, it does look like a cipher.
Doesn't it? This is actually designed to be a game on the PC that is just NES tribute, NES style hard.
I don't know if that means, like, we're talking La-Mulana.
For what?
It's like buying a command element.
No, not to me.
Well, like, the backgrounds.
Oh, yeah, the artwork is very Bionic command element style.
The gameplay, no, nothing like it, though.
It looks really fun, though.
Fast forward to some of these other levels.
Dude, that almost looks like a rip of the Ninja Gaiden sprite from the original game.
Like, they just switched it up a little bit.
Like, even his stance and the way he moves and stuff like that.
A little bit, huh?
Apparently, what's available right now to play three missions in the game.
Oniken, again, is the name of the game. O-N-I-K-E-N.
Lots of good visuals and so forth if you want to check it out for yourself.
Oniken.net. H-T-T-P colon slash slash W-W-W dot O-N-I-K-E-N dot net.
And I will go ahead and paste that in chat for the live listeners.
Those of you on the podcast, I hope you were writing quickly.
Or maybe I can get Dark Soccer to Tumblr or at least the video there, so you guys can check that out.
Did you link it? Oh, there it is. Yeah. Okay, I'll put it on the thing.
Cool.
That was kind of fun. I had to check that out.
Big Brother Blade?
I like the fact that it's free.
Or Ogre Blade? Maybe? Ogre Blade?
Free is my favorite word. Absolutely.
How about we open up the phone line and take some of your calls right now.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Speaking of free, you can call us free on that line.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to talk about anything we've talked about tonight,
or if you have something gaming related that we haven't quite got to yet,
we will talk about that as well.
Meanwhile, we're going to fire up the Twitter and get to some of your tweets this week at Twitter dot com slash O-L-R.
Going to the tweets real quick.
JVMon sent us a tweet tonight.
When did WoW, Warcraft, get so fun?
I can't stop playing. I blame you. Hugs and kisses.
When Cataclysm hit?
It's so interesting because to a lot of the hardcore, so to speak, Cataclysm was not so well received.
So it's very interesting.
I think the changing of the level 1 to 60 areas, though, is great for those that weren't quite yet into WoW.
So, I think that was kind of cool, I guess.
But yeah, Cataclysm hasn't been all bad news.
It's just I think the early game is much more improved than the end game was, if that makes sense.
Anyhow, we've got calls coming in, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's the one and only Ranma.
Hey, Ranma. What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, last week's podcast. That's what's on my mind tonight.
Why is that? It was long, wasn't it?
Yes, yes, it was long, and that was the first time in history I've had to listen to it again just to absorb all that big G bullshit, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, last week's show was long because we had an almost additional segment of the show just about the evil G shenanigans.
It was something else, and really good discussion last week.
An impromptu appearance from Dan in the middle of that discussion, who was on the front lines for some time. It was good.
What'd you think of all that, though? Surely you have an opinion.
Coming from somebody who has worked in retail and for big chain companies, I strongly believe that Square Enix didn't do anything wrong.
The big G is just butthurt, and they're blowing smoke up people's asses.
I don't know. I do think it was in bad form for Squeenix to spring that on people, and I think GameStop had the right to know what was in that box and choose not to sell it.
And, you know, as I said, I don't want to repeat myself from last week, but as I said, the correct answer was what they finally did too late was just push the game back to Squeenix and refuse to sell it.
If they'd just done that to begin with, there wouldn't have been a problem.
To be perfectly honest, I do not believe the whole 48 hours thing.
Now, during my time working in these big chain companies, when companies like Square, Nintendo, and everybody else, when they're going to do something like that, they send a notice out.
Usually about two to three weeks prior before do this.
So, I really believe that the big G knew about this, but they were just waiting what to do, what to do.
So, I feel that they decide, oh, let's wait about this time, pull the code out, and just start all of this.
Part of it could have been a publicity stunt, which I find hard to, but from my retail experience, I don't believe that they just found out two days prior.
Because if I'm sick of not understanding how any other chain had an issue with it, you know what I'm saying?
It does seem like the memo went out to pull those codes really early on.
Like, you know, I don't know, I don't know.
But what do you think, though, did you buy Deus Ex on PC out of curiosity?
No.
Okay, let's assume you had.
Yes.
Do you think you would have used that coupon for OnLive?
Probably not, no.
I kind of theorized that I don't think that coupon's really that big a deal, because I think people are going to go use it to kind of check out OnLive and go, ooh, that's kind of neat, and play it for five minutes, and then be done with it, because the games don't really tie.
It's not like, I don't know, Portal or something. I don't know, it's not as rich as that kind of connection.
But it was just the whole thought that, oh my gosh, you're taking out a $50 coupon.
And here's another thing, remember Valve did the same thing, I don't remember the big G having an issue with it.
I don't believe the whole spin on how they had this agreement with Valve, you know?
Because to be perfectly honest, let's say Square Enix says, oh, because of this, we're no longer selling our products to you.
And you know, since Square Enix is one of the big players out there, it would not surprise me if other manufacturers were like, you know?
But that's a note, I don't think it's as easy as that, because, you know, Evil G, or as I like to call him, the Evil Genus.
The Evil Genus has a huge hold on, you know, the share of the games that they push through is gigantic.
True, but I prefer to call them gazpacho stop.
I'm sure we could sit here and think of names all day.
I know.
Alright, alright. Do you have any other thoughts you want to get out before we let you go and get more calls?
I've said my thoughts, and one more thing.
Yes.
Now, whenever they do these price drops, and I know on one episode Arrow was questioning about the whole DS price drop thing.
By consumer law, if there is a price drop within 30 days of the price, wherever you bought it from, by law, they have to give you the difference.
State or federal.
State or federal.
What?
There's no if, ands, or buts about it. If there's a price drop within 30 days, they have to give you the difference.
State or federal law.
They don't.
That doesn't sound like a law at all.
That could be a state.
It's consumer law. It's one of the things I had to learn about.
But is that consumer law for New York, or is it for federal?
That might be the deal, Rama. It might be, because I've never heard of that here either.
Well, I do know it's New York state law. Also, same thing in Jersey, Connecticut, and a bunch of other states.
It would not surprise me if it was a federal law, but you know how some people do that whole federal law dance thing.
It's one of those things we don't get out here on the West Coast, like hurricanes.
Which I slept through, by the way.
I heard a lot of people did, but I don't mean to make light of a bad situation, because unfortunately, people in Vermont did not fare as well as people in New York City, from what I understand.
Pretty much.
Hope everybody's alright.
Alright, we're gonna let you go, Rama.
Thank you.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Alright, I want to go to this aside real quick before we take another call. We've got more calls coming in, but I want to do this real quick.
Because we were talking about scary games earlier, and several people in the chatroom brought up Amnesia.
And here's the thing, though. The story of The Dark Soccer Road was about 360 games, and Amnesia is a PC-only game.
However, it goes without saying that Amnesia is a pretty scary game.
And Salacious Pop has been telling me about reaction videos on YouTube.
This is a big thing people like to do on YouTube, is reaction videos.
Like, I'm sure we've all seen, like, Grandma Watches Two Girls One Cup for the First Time reaction videos, right?
But apparently there's reaction video of, like, frat boys playing Amnesia.
Well, I asked Salacious Pop to go find me some.
So, I've never seen these. This could be a horrible statement.
But I want to try playing one of these on air here.
So, this is, um...
What is this called here?
I don't want your stupid advertisement. Let me get through the advertisement.
This is Funny Freakouts here, to Amnesia.
So, let me, um, get to this.
And, uh, let's see.
A Funtage, I guess they're calling this.
I want to get to... He says a minute thirty-three.
So, let me start it there.
Oh, shit!
Shut up, shut up!
In there, in there!
Jump in, jump in! Close the door! Close the door! Close the door!
Close the door! Close the door!
Fuck!
No! Don't think!
Don't be crouched, crouched, crouched. Don't just...
Really carefully, carefully, guys.
Oh my god!
Shut up!
Oh, oh, Jesus Christ!
Oh, Jesus Christ!
No! No! Run! Run! Run!
Run! Where do I go?
I hide in there! I hide over here!
I love you!
Jesus!
Run!
See, that's the problem, is that when you do 360 only games, you can't include amnesia.
I don't want to pay twenty bucks for that.
Oh, I have amnesia. You should come over, and we should make a reaction video to amnesia.
Because we'll both scream like twelve-year-old girls, we will.
I want it, but I don't want to pay twenty bucks for it.
I have it. You should come over one night.
Like, we could do this on Halloween.
Okay.
I was, I, who was I, were we talking about this at breakfast, or was I talking about with Salacious Pop?
I'm getting old, I forget things.
We were talking about it this morning.
We were talking about it at breakfast, because, uh, we were talking about Castlevania, or something.
Yeah.
And I was like, no, we gotta play something really scary, we gotta play amnesia.
Which I have yet to, I bought it, but I haven't played it yet.
So, like, you'd get some genuine reactions out of me.
Okay, I'll do that, I'll be down for that.
We might have to have an OLR Halloween special, kind of like, like Nickelodeon would do the Mark Summers Halloween mansion or whatever.
We'll have to do Amnesia Night with Dark Sakura, Rob Roberts, and maybe Loki.
You hear?
You know when I scream when my voice goes away?
Salacious Pop, be quiet.
Alright.
Let's get to some more calls.
We've made these people wait through amnesia reaction videos.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, what's up guys, this is Kaijuto, can you hear me?
Yes, we can. Hi, Kaijuto, what's up?
Hey, not much, I just wanted to tell you, Rob, last week you spoke about the game Covert Action.
Yes, Sid Meier's Covert Action.
Yeah, that was actually a favorite game.
And that's the CIA calling you right now.
Hello?
Hi, we can hear you.
Okay, anyway, that was a favorite game of mine, too, and I found it about three years ago.
You can play it for free online on the PC, and also, you might like this, you'll be able to play it on your Nintendo DS.
What?
If you have an R4 card.
What?
I actually play it while I'm in the bathroom.
What?
Doing some espionage of your own.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's where I do my best work, man.
So yeah, if you have an R4 card, it's really simple, I'm pretty sure Loki can help you out.
You get the R4 card, you get the Covert Action ROM somewhere online where you can find it, and then there's like some type of application.
I think it, because I have a few of them on my R4, so I don't know which one it is.
I think it's the Apple II emulator that you can put on your DS with the R4 that gives you the Covert Action, or it might be one of the others, but it's really easy to find.
Wow.
Interesting.
I don't have an R4 cartridge.
I have a spare R4.
I'm saying maybe Loki will let me borrow one of his.
That's awesome.
I loved Covert Action.
I don't know what it is about that game either.
Dude, Sid Meier, he's the man.
He's just, he's played so many good games.
And he doesn't like that game for some reason.
I think you mentioned yesterday, people said that it was like too many games in one.
Sid Meier, that was actually Sid Meier said that they tried to do too much in one game.
It was like four separate games that none of them were really fully realized, and you know, and to be fair, the driving game was always kind of dumb anyway.
Like the best part was the actual one where you broke in to the facilities, and then there was the cryptogram, that's really easy, and then the switchboard puzzles, the logic puzzles.
For the record, Civ V is on sale for 75% off right now.
At the top of the show, where were you?
Not listening because I don't play Civ, but I'm repeating it.
Alright, fair enough. It's worth repeating.
And my favorite part of the game was the fact that you can play it over and over again.
Like there's always like some type of game tree that you can follow that's never the same kind of like choose your own adventure looks.
And that's what I liked about it the most, but definitely check it out.
And the cool thing is that when you play the, remember the little top-down game where you're like running through the building?
Yeah, that part was like the best.
Yeah, that, with this hack on the DS, you could actually use the direction pad to play that version of the game.
Now, ActDeftInChat says piracy lounge radio. No, no, I legit own this game back in the day, thank you very much.
And just to let them know, the game is officially free online. It's not like you're pirating the game.
There's somewhere where they provide it to you for free.
And also the Apple II emulator is just a free application for the R4, so it's not really any piracy going on.
Nice.
This is all just like freeware that's available to you.
Oh, this just occurred to me. You know what covert action is like? It's like where in the world is Carmen Sandiego with guns?
Okay, this game looks awesome.
Oh, it's Cthulhu Saves the World.
Yeah, I've never played it.
Yeah, those are on Xbox Live in the marketplace.
I'm going to hang up and let you get to your next call.
Thank you for being courteous, Kaijuto. That's very nice of you. Take care, buddy.
Cthulhu Saves the World and Breath of Death 7 are three bucks.
Yeah, I want to say there was a story one week. I don't remember how long ago.
They sold more on Steam of those games in one weekend than they did the entire time the game was on Xbox Live in the arcade.
Wow.
But of course, the games are really cheap. They're fun. They're cute.
They're definitely a throwback to the old school Super Nintendo RPGs with humor.
I like the Cthulhu one because Cthulhu is cute.
So you have to check. Did you ever see Hello Cthulhu? Yes, I have.
It's like the Hello Kitty doll, but it's Cthulhu.
Well, it's it's actually Cthulhu ending up in the Sanrio universe and corrupting Hello Kitty.
They personally did like a few of them, but they're super funny.
Would that look like the Hello Kitty in the Ursula outfit doll that I bought Salacious Pop?
No, it's just a super cute Cthulhu, like a little SD Sanrio-style Cthulhu hanging out with a goth-doubt kitty.
I still really want you to have your World of Warcraft character named Ursulol.
Well, maybe I'll remake Fatty Cakes into Ursulol, but Fatty Cakes is a good name, too.
I'll make Ursulol.
All right, let's go to another call. Hi, you're on Orange and Orange Radio. Who's this?
Legend is off of you.
Hey, buddy. How you doing?
Pretty good, as usual.
Good, good. What's up?
I guess what I wanted to bring up was the fact that Activision is kind of like trying to get the folks currently on the fence like myself from Modern Warfare 3 on the PC by just like re-adding things that they took out.
Case in point, LAN support, in addition to adding dedicated servers.
So it's like, I don't know, on one hand, they're trying to make amends, but on the other, you know, I have to believe it has to be like a bait and switch.
Interesting, because I remember hearing that they took it out, but I did not hear about them putting it back in.
That was for Modern Warfare 2.
Interesting.
Yeah, so Modern Warfare 3 will actually have LAN support.
Well, you know, Blizzard is a huge part of Activision, obviously, and they've come under fire lately because, what, Starcraft 2 does not have the LAN, and Diablo 3 is not going to have it either.
Yeah, they're all going to be online for better or for worse.
I hate to say it, but I sort of support it with Diablo 3. I don't know.
Here's the thing, like, the thing with Diablo 3 is that, let's face it, Diablo 2 was hacked to hell and back, and it, like, you can't play that game online with strangers.
It's so broken. You can really only play with people you trust.
I think if they had kept, like, a LAN campaign separate from an online campaign, they could have done it, you know?
It's kind of disappointing, but, eh, there's always Torchlight 2.
Well, that does help.
The $20 price tag that was confirmed this week helps, too.
Right now, I guess I could, I'll probably give them the benefit of the doubt, but seeing that this is Activision and the fact that they reneged on it back in Modern Warfare 2, when they promised that they were going to have dedicated servers and so forth, only to find out a few weeks before launch that it was quite the opposite.
Right.
So I don't want to, it's like, I don't want to get fooled again.
Um, what did you think of the whole Call of Duty expo that they did, the Call of Duty XP or whatever?
I heard bits and pieces, like, people actually doing paintball matches to some of the maps in there.
I mean, it's like, I guess they're trying to hype it up to the point where, you know, it's all marketing at this point.
I mean, the idea is that Call of Duty is for, you know, quote unquote, kind of like the douchebags game of choice in that regard, whereas Battlefield 3 is mostly for the hardcore, the hardcore nerd gamer that plays these types of FPSs like Team Fortress 2 and Counter-Strike.
That's the type of, that's the type of demographic I see EA targeting, you know, with BF3.
Right.
Whereas Call of Duty is kind of like the dumbed down, basic, um, that's like the one that they're trying to get everyone on board with.
It was like a frat boy type game.
I know I'm generalizing and you can, you know, you can sue me if you want, but I'm just...
No, it's fine.
I'm so uneducated on all those games and it's not that I dislike them, they're just not my thing and I'm stuck at them.
I'm so terrible at them.
It's like some people in DDR, some people think DDR is just, what the hell is that music that's coming out of that machine, you know, and not everybody gets it.
Right, right, but I mean, I guess what Activision is banking on is the mere fact that they can sell a shitload of copies of that game, of Modern Warfare, without having to change a lot.
And hoping that, you know, as long as you hype it up to the point where they kind of need to have it or else they're going to be the, you know, the unluckiest kid in the block without their copy of Call of Duty.
It's kind of like they're trying to create a mindset where you have to one-up your friend or your neighbors and get, you know, and covet that copy of Call of Duty that he has.
Whereas Battlefield 3, on the other hand, is going for more detail, more replay, more, let's just say, a lot more features than what Activision is offering.
Let's be real.
Actually, it's aiming towards being a simulator.
Let's be real.
A military simulator.
Let's be real. Aren't most people just going to get both?
Yeah, you're right, they're going to get both, but I could see a lot of those, you know, uneducated, regular token gamers.
They're going to just get Modern Warfare 3.
Like the really hardcore ones, they're going to get both.
They're going to balance time in between the two.
Yeah.
It's kind of like there's so much I want to play this holiday season.
Well, isn't that the case every holiday?
Somehow I will have to juggle my time between Skyrim, Diablo 3, Torchlight 2, and God knows it all, I'm forgetting, the Mario Kart on the 3DS.
I thought Diablo 3 wasn't coming out this year.
I think it will.
They haven't said one way or the other, but the friends and family beta is going on right now, which means the public beta is probably next month.
I think they're going to announce at BlizzCon that it's coming out within the next month.
Why wouldn't they try to make End of Year and have a huge thing?
Because Blizzard hasn't released anything else this year.
They don't release Diablo, they've released nothing.
And they still have to get the expansion pack for Starcraft 2, which is probably next year anyways.
That's probably next year.
Actually, I didn't make the show world, but there was a story, Blizzard has committed to six games in familiar IPs over the next three years.
And most people are speculating that's the two Starcraft 2, Diablo 3 and an expansion, and two WoW expansions.
That's it?
Which makes sense.
And most of them are going to, and pretty much all of them are going to be on PC unless they do like second hand ports.
I guarantee Diablo 3 will end up on consoles, it's just not going to be the same time as PC.
Yeah, and this is why you always want to, with Blizzard it's always PC or nothing.
People forget, Diablo was on the Playstation, Starcraft was on the 64, well some things are better left forgotten.
Yeah, some things are better left forgotten than Blizzard's half-assed ports of their properties back in the day.
Warcraft comes to mind.
It's been 15 years since Diablo on the Playstation 1, so you know, it's worth a try.
See, I enjoyed it on my PC, enough said.
Alright, Zaku, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show and have fun.
Alright, take care buddy.
Have a good one.
I think he's going to be broke this holiday season too, I forgot to ask him how much money he plans to spend.
Alright, sadly that's going to do it for the Skyplan.
I want someone with money to get me a Moonkin hatchling.
They're what, 10 bucks?
Yeah.
Not too bad. But it's virtual pets.
I know. That's what I said, I want someone else to get it.
How about I donate $10 to a charity in your honor?
Okay.
Alright.
Dude, what the hell?
Alright, moving on, I want to finish up the tweet so we can finish up the show tonight.
We just had a handful of other tweets.
An interesting one from Tigerclaw, tweeting OLR at twitter.com slash OLR.
Study suggests virtual goods purchasing differs by ethnicity.
Oh boy, this could be a, alright, let's see what this is all about.
This is a report for, this is an article from Gamasutra that we were linked to on twitter by user Tigerclaw305.
New study published Friday by mobile game community MocoSpace suggests that virtual goods purchasing behavior may be affected by ethnicity.
A survey of anonymous data from 40,000 mobile social gamers revealed that both Caucasians and African Americans over indexed on virtual goods spendings.
Caucasians in particular were responsible for 26% of virtual goods purchases made during the study period, despite representing only 18% of those studied.
African Americans made up 36% of the respondents and made 38% of the purchases.
Those calling those Hispanic under indexed despite compromising 31% of the sample pool, they made only 21% of the purchases.
Alright, what does this all mean? You know, numbers, numbers, numbers, numbers. What does this mean?
According to MocoSpace CEO Justin Siegel, the rapid growth of virtual goods industry means that it, quote, makes sense to really start segmenting it.
Quote, we've started to sort our data by a number of criteria, including ethnicity and gender.
Over time, this sort of information will change how mobile game developers and publishers create content and market their titles, something that already happening in console and online gaming industry.
I'm not really understanding, like, how, but whatever. People get paid to break that data down, just so you know. Somebody got paid to do that study.
Last tweet to us tonight from WatchDragon. Beat Space Marine on hard. What is Space Marine? Is that just Halo?
No, it's Warhammer 4K Space Marine.
Aha! That would explain the rest of this tweet. I play the tabletop Warhammer. It's true to the story and fluff.
And fluff. Very cool. Thank you for educating me, Loki, because I did not pick that up.
I did not play Warhammer tabletop. The only Warhammer I've ever played was that MMO they put out a couple years ago.
You played Warhammer tabletop, didn't you, Darkseid?
Hell no. I dated someone who did.
Oh, that's-
So sick of those stupid little-
Oh, you had figurine trauma in that relationship.
Yes, because-
I tried playing Warhammer 4K Space Marine.
Did you?
Warhammer 4K Space Marine was more of the larger scale battles, smaller scale figurines. The actual Space Marines were 6mm tall figurines.
I did not paint those. I tried painting them and I'm like, fuck that. It's too damn small.
Alright.
And I threw it all away. Because I'm like, I don't get this game.
I haven't played Dungeons and Dragons in like four years. I should play some time. I don't know. I just sound like a total nerd.
Maybe I didn't throw it away. I think I might have it in a box somewhere.
Alright. That does it for Twitter topics tonight. Tweet us for next week. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Let's go to Loki and see if he has any last minute stories.
Um, just real quick. Rookies won't appear in NBA 2K12 until lockout's over.
So, there's gonna be an update or something like that for free once-
Lockouts are ruining everything.
Once that happens, you won't be able to play as, you know, till it happens you won't be able to play as the rookies.
Um, there's some mysterious move game in development from the people that did Linker in Shadows.
Remember that really weird dog flying thing with the basset hound and the shadow creatures that look like the squid from The Matrix or whatever?
Actually, I don't remember that and it's probably for the best.
Probably is kinda artsy. Um, so now they have a teaser, uh, trailer thing on YouTube.
I don't even know if it's really a teaser, but it's a thing called the Odd Forest.
And it basically looks like some sort of move game where you're interacting with objects by touching them and stuff.
I would almost go and say, you know, they could very well be like trying to put some sort of, you know, touch sensitive glove or something in play.
Cause it's almost like all this stuff is just, you know, focusing on the textures of different things and obviously with the movie you're not gonna be able to feel any of that.
So, I don't know. But right now, weird video that's online so you can check it out.
And that's pretty much it.
Alright, well this is the part of the show where we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So, Dark Sakura, we'll start with you. Your final thought tonight?
Duffy.
My final thought tonight is tacos! Again. And baking cupcakes causing sugar headaches.
Those cupcakes single-handedly are gonna make me diabetic.
I have a sugar headache right now.
I know, right? That's why I ran to get water during one of the reports. Crazy.
Anyway, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I made a flamethrower in Grand Theft Auto. And no one else has.
And happy birthday once again.
Thank you.
So, hope you had a good one.
Alright, that's gonna do it guys. Thank you as always for downloading our show. Thank you for supporting us. We really appreciate it you guys.
You know, it's a commercial free show. We don't ask for much. But just please, tell a friend about the show. That's all we ask.
If you've enjoyed what you've heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a person or two about the show. Help us spread the word.
We really appreciate it you guys. Have a wonderful week guys. We'll be back here to do it all again next week on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
