Today, September 18th, 2011, Nintendo reveals the future of the 3DS and its pink.
The PlayStation Vita preps many games for launch, and Sony adds a controversial new
section to the PSN terms of service.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining you live here on this September 18th, 2011 for episode
number 428 with my co-hosts, first off, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie
Summers.
We're also the show where every gamer has access to chicken.
You can ask him if you want.
I see.
Yes.
Dark Sakura's eating chicken.
Tech master Loki is in the house over here as well and he's eating chicken.
Yeah.
And I am chickenless.
But I do have-
You can have some chicken.
I do.
No, it's okay.
I actually don't really want chicken.
I have a pumpkin spice frappuccino.
So I'm good.
I had a pumpkin spice latte.
I had one of those brunches that was so big, like I'm still full.
So I'm just like, I'm not even hungry.
It's weird.
I can't explain it.
Okay.
Anyhow.
By the way, I'm still laughing my ass off over that Cracked article.
Which was, what is this article you were reading about?
It was one of those little photo shop things where they do rejected book covers and one
of them was, it's okay to be a douchebag by Ayn Rand.
You know what's interesting about that website is they have really made, you know, I'm not
knocking it.
This is just what I've noticed about them.
An observation, if you will, they really seem to have made a name for themselves.
I always thought, wasn't Cracked like a magazine, like the answer to Mad Magazine like 20 years
ago?
I think so.
It was Mad Magazine Lite.
Does that still exist?
Mad Magazine.
I don't even know.
But now what I notice is that Cracked is on like dig in those websites all the time because
it's like they specialize in top 10 lists or something like that.
I think it's awesome.
That's all they do is like lists.
I'm going to do one for them.
Do they take user submitted articles?
They, well they do, but they also, the better, like the better that they are, like they'll
start paying you for them or something.
There you go.
Okay, cool.
New industry for you.
Hey, I want you to join our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
We do tape our show live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern
live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Although to be fair, Bobby had the night off tonight, but nevermind if you're listening
on the podcast and you've never heard a live show before, he'll be back next week.
So again, if you are listening to us live at All Games Radio though, join us in the
chat room.
Again, that's chat.orangelaungeradio.com where we do often read comments from chat tonight,
which actually I got to admit, chats a little more dead than I usually see it.
And I don't know if that's just, we didn't have a lead in tonight cause Bobby was off
or is it the Emmys?
Like is everybody off watching the Emmys?
Like I know that's our competition.
We are always up against some stupid award show.
Like Sunday night is like the night to have an award show in Hollywood and et cetera.
And tonight it's the Emmys.
The shmemmys.
I don't know the Emmys or whatever.
I barely watch any TV.
I can't wait till it's over so I can see Kathy Griffin's roast of the Emmys.
Is that a thing she does now?
She's doing something now where she like bashes the Emmys when it's over.
Didn't she get all that hate mail one year cause she said something at the Emmys?
She said, Jesus has nothing to do with me winning this award.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Oh boy.
All right.
Crazy lady.
Uh, anyhow.
Uh, also speaking of Emmys, actually Emmys kind of had me thinking about like video game
television today and kind of like how, you know, I don't think we'll ever see a video
game show nominated for an Emmy, although I'm sure there's some type of technical award
or something.
Some has won, but what part of the shmemmys, what is it about video game TV?
Like why hasn't there really been a lot of good video game TV?
And I know, I know some folks out there are fans of X play and some folks might be fans
of attack of the show, although I don't know.
I don't even know if attack of the show is really like a gaming show anymore, more than
it is just like a testosterone filled young guys kind of show.
I don't know.
Like the last video game show I remember myself getting really excited about was Nick arcade.
Like that was an awesome or star K do you want to go like way back back in the eighties
like the video game game shows.
So I don't know.
Are there any video game TV shows you guys have ever been into or are into?
I was, um, I watched that one and I can never remember the name of it where, um, they would
send the team through this like labyrinth with, uh, these Velcro vests and they would
attach the prizes to their vest.
I vaguely remember that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it was on Saturday morning after my cartoons.
So I would watch it all the time and I was like, you can't stick a turbo graphics to
your front, put it on your back.
They were empty boxes.
Probably it was just props or something like that, but I needed to grab games and stuff
and it was pretty cool.
Yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
I can't remember the name of it was, um, that was like something like labyrinth or something.
But no, it wasn't that it was, it had this guy.
I'm sure somebody in chat was probably JD Ross.
He's in every goddamn eighties game show.
Do you know what he's done now?
Thank you.
Wikipedia.
Do you know what he does now?
The big show that he's a producer, right?
Yeah, he's a producer, but there's a really big show on TV that he, you can thank him
for.
The biggest loser is his thing.
Well, how appropriate for him.
There was another show that was on to that he will always be fun house to me.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
That's what it was fun.
No way.
It wasn't fun.
The fun house was like the double dare turned up to 11.
Um, but it was also, um, well you remember that, that show, what was it?
The quest of the kingdom or something that, but that's not one of the thing of, there's
another guy who had Brown hair, he'd always wear like a member's only jacket.
This was the eighties.
Is that John Davidson?
Wasn't he on Hollywood squares?
He sat in a chair that looked a lot like captain Kirk's chair.
And I remember the show very much because they did a big special on the Neo Geo and
about taking the cards and switching them out, you know, putting them in the machine,
saving your game and coming home and playing it at home.
And I, for the life of me, I cannot remember what the name of the show was.
Let me ask this question while you guys try to think of the show or while the chatters
that shout it out.
Why, why is it that video game, video power, why is it that video game television hasn't
really seemed to work?
And I mean, there, there has been a few exceptions, like, you know, I know some of you guys dig
X play.
I know there's that show on spike TV that gets to break a lot of exclusives.
The one that Jeff Keeley does, you know, there's been a few things here and there, but like,
you know, G4 TV was supposed to be all about video games, but you know, it didn't work
cause it went like this whole different direction where it's aimed towards young guys.
Like is it just that, you know, we're too busy wanting to play video games, then watch
people talk about it on the TV?
Like why doesn't it work?
It's because it's too niche of an audience and it's hard for them to convince people
to sponsor the shows or put advertisements on the show because they're not getting as
many views as normal, especially in nowadays, you know, it's kind of irrelevant to have
a video game show unless you can lock in those kinds of exclusive interviews and sneak peeks
and stuff like that, that you can't do on the internet because you know, internet's
faster than TV or print media and that's just the way it is unless they're breaking news.
That's kind of the way it goes.
I'm positive one of them was video power.
You know, we have a story coming up later tonight.
I'm not going to totally get into it now, but you know, one of the big consoles is launching
a TV related thing and we'll talk more about that later.
But that does kind of seem to be like the future, especially when we talk a lot about
like a video on demand and how huge Netflix and Hulu and all that stuff has been on PlayStation
as well as Xbox.
And do you think it's possible that as these consoles become more like entertainment devices,
like almost for some people may be replacing cable someday.
I don't know.
Do you think we'll see more gaming related content on those consoles?
Well, yeah, if it's on a console, I can imagine that they're going to try to put some gaming
related content on there.
They'll probably feel like infomercials more than anything like kind of like the, you know,
majors minute on Xbox 360 is as nice as that is.
Let's let's be real.
It's just a product awareness thing for for Microsoft, right?
Yeah.
Well, I'm trying to find there is an article I saw talking about some new video game shows
coming and it was by the guy that did like The Room or something like that.
Not Silent Hill The Room, but like actually like the horrible cult movie The Room.
Yes.
The horrible cult movie.
It's actually him.
Yeah.
And it looks so fucking terrible.
I can't remember what the parody or it's a joke or something.
I don't think it is all to take too seriously.
I am your something.
Interesting.
I don't remember what it was.
It's just retarded for the record.
The show, both shows I was thinking of is actually the same show, but different seasons
of it.
It's video power, video power because it started off as like a tip show and then it became
a game show.
Oh yeah.
I remember that one.
Yeah.
It was like game show.
It had tips.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But no, it started off I think it's just tips.
Interesting.
And it was like 1990, 1991.
I thought it was earlier than that.
Yeah.
It was like in the mid 80s.
I'm going to double check.
I don't know.
Um, let's see.
What else do I want to say?
Oh, Oh, I know what I wanted to say about like television on the consoles and so forth.
Like this, this is still a sore point for me to this day.
1992.
Wow.
Was it really?
In two different formats from 1990 through 92.
Gosh.
I'm, I'm with Dan in the other room.
I thought it was way earlier than that.
Of course Wikipedia is always right 100% of the time, right?
Directed by Stevie Piskoski.
I'm going to double check IMDB.
Um, let me, let me hit on this.
I want to mention this and that is, you know, one thing that I think would have made an
awesome television show would have been, um, the one versus 100 on Xbox 360.
Like I really feel like Microsoft was sitting on a gold mine with that and they let it go.
And I don't know if it's because of licensing reasons or what have you, but man, I know
so many people that were so into that.
It's really weird that they let it go.
And it really made me think like, why hasn't like game show network tried to pick up like
an actual game show that runs through consoles or something?
I don't know.
All right.
I found it.
It's called the Tommy Wee Show and it's featuring Tommy Wiseau.
And basically it's supposed to be this weird, I don't know, uh, they're saying it's, it's
going to be, um, presented by Makima.
And it's basically, it follows him as he repeatedly gets abducted by different races of mysterious
aliens transported to distant planets where he's forced to test popular video games.
So it's, it's a terrible idea ripped off of Mystery Science Theater 3000 with this guy
that looks like he's the undertaker or something like that.
It's just ridiculous.
I don't know.
Hey, guess what?
No one care.
All right.
So the screen, like where the screen freezes, he looks like he's about to throw up or you
know, fall asleep or something or both.
It's wherever this, that guy is very strange.
Anyhow.
Um, yeah, so I'm, I'm a little upset that, that Microsoft kind of let that thing go,
but I guess it wasn't very profitable for them or whatever.
They're probably losing money on it, but I think they should still revisit it at some
point.
Oh, one other, uh, we'll get into our gaming weeks here in a minute, but one other like
game slash TV related thing that I can think of that I know is coming soon is the whole,
um, uh, sci-fi TV show that's supposed to be like tied into an MMO.
Like I can't, I just, it popped in my head.
It was something I think they had talked about at E3.
Do you remember anything about that?
Loki?
It was like some time.
I know what you're talking about, but I don't know what the hell it's called.
And nor do I care.
It's a sci-fi show.
I mean, come on.
Um, one game series that I actually watched while there was a bunch of old ones, you know,
back in the eighties and nineties and stuff, game shows, you know, for sure.
Um, but I watched, um, well X play when, um, or extended play back when it was, you know,
tech TV, I used to watch that all the time.
Um, even next play, I used to watch it when it was G4 tech TV.
Um, and then of course, Starrcade, which was, you know, rerun like hell on that network
before it started sucking, um, and they got rid of it.
Um, what was the other one that was, yeah, portal was kind of lame.
They had that on there.
Um, I just watched all the online reviews now.
It's called Dave, where you go running around in MMOs and they do mock you.
Wasn't that the one that Wil Wheaton hosted or was that?
No.
Oh.
I just really watch YouTube like, like the Angry Video Game Nerd and you know, uh, crap.
What's that other one that you watch?
Classic Game Room.
Classic Game Room is pretty cool.
Maybe that's it.
Everybody's turning to YouTube now and amateur programming such as, uh, the show you're listening
to right now, although we're more radio than TV, but hey, we have a YouTube channel.
We just don't like really do anything with it.
There you go.
So I use mind of post pic, uh, videos of Shermy and, uh, my best friend's son.
Hmm.
I post grants that thought of related videos and one video that had an uploaded trailer.
So I can link it on a newsletter I was doing.
Funny enough, that trailer got more comments than most of my other videos I put on there
because it's some really crappy hunting game.
Hey, you know what?
I don't care if it sucks.
I had to put the trailer up there.
All right.
Tiger call mentioned, um, something about a Gun Stringer game that was put out by Troma.
You know what Troma did, right?
Toxic Avenger movies.
I was gonna say they do all the like really campy B movie stuff, like Troma and Juliet
and stuff, right?
It's just, it's SARS.
What's his name from?
Troma.
Um, Lloyd McCoffin or Kaufman or whatever.
He's in there.
Um, yeah.
All right.
Let's stop trying to get into the stories that we make up for later on bastard.
Let's move.
You listen, you don't control the show.
Okay.
Now I don't care.
We don't, I don't think we're even talking about that tonight.
Let's move on.
Let's talk about our gaming week.
So I always like to start off the show talking about what kind of games we've been playing
this week.
Dark soccer.
Wow.
Wow.
As in the worlds of Warcrafts.
Wow.
Nerd.
Wow.
You're a nerd and sound get a life and Sims.
I've been playing Sims three.
Okay.
And um, I played some tiny tower and of course these are all the same games I play, but I
like to make and I played as Espa galuda.
I can never say it as blue to two on my phone.
Did you check out radiant silver gun on X-Box yet?
That seems like something will be up your alley.
I know that came out this week got like, but don't you want to see the super Uber HD version
prettiness?
I don't think that we got it yet.
Now that I think about it.
Yeah, that came.
I just, I was thinking to you when I saw that on X-Box live the other day, I was like, oh,
I want to play the crap out of that.
Well, I was actually going to sit down and play, um, some, uh, symphony of the night
today, but I've had a bad headache for most of the day.
Damn Dracula causing those migraines.
Yeah.
Damn him.
It is not by my hand that I was once again given my migraine.
Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was all right.
Didn't really play a whole lot of stuff.
Um, mainly just three things, uh, earth defense force, insect Armageddon, played lots of that.
Uh, I think I have my jet guy now almost level seven, um, and Grand Theft Auto, we went back
to Lawson Dam again cause they got, they got tired of getting punked in, um, Battle of
the Gay Tony, so now they're getting punked in Lawson Dam, so, you know, mixing it up
a bit, I guess.
Um, and then I played Zelda on, um, virtual console on the 3DS, so I've been playing that
right now.
I'm on the fifth dungeon, and, um, it's, it's fun, um, you know, the virtual console stuff's
all right, but it does make you realize one thing, and I don't know if anyone's really
covered it before, I'm sure they have, um, but, man, that D-pad, I mean Nintendo is known
for pretty good D-pads, you know, especially with the NES and stuff like that, you know,
great D-pad, or, no, I think pretty flawlessly, but that D-pad on that 3DS is terrible, and
that, what do they call it now, the circle pad or whatever, not good either, so, it's
just kind of like, okay, which terrible control method do I want to use?
So I end up using the circle pad for most things, but it is not, not good at all, um,
aside from that, though, the emulation's good, it's just that D-pad is terrible, but no D-pad
look good?
The one on the Vita.
Yeah, there's a lot of neat looking things about the Vita, I gotta say, but I guess we'll
get into that a little later, because there's lots and lots of news about handhelds, it's
like, this is like handheld week, there's tons and tons of news about both, we'll get
into that a little later.
Is that it for your gaming week?
Sounds like it?
Yeah.
My favorite game of the week, um, was mostly uneventful, I played a lot of the same stuff
like WoW and so forth too, I had to really talk myself down from buying Magica on Steam
today, although the game looks kind of fun, I might still buy it when I get home, it's
like, only like 9 bucks for the Uber edition right now on Steam, or you can get like the
buy 4 copies of the game for 7 dollars, it's like, it's some obscene sale going on on Steam
right now, and man, I love and I hate Steam, you know what I mean?
Like I love that I'm getting so many games super cheap, I hate that I keep spending money
on games I'll play like once or twice and then it'll be all like, oh I gotta go back
to WoW.
As far as other games I've been playing, I've been playing more L.A. Noire on the consoles,
did a couple other cases and so forth, and found that I'm really horrible at the action
sequences and I'm so thankful that the developers decided to put in a way you could just skip
the action sequences, cause like I just wasn't getting it, like, let me put it this way,
at the end of one of the cases, you finally figure out who the suspect really is, and
the suspect just bolts, suspect starts running, and the suspect ends up running around the
corner and taking a hostage, and you have to shoot the suspect before he shoots the
hostage, and like literally that scene started and I was like, shit, I forgot what button
fires the gun, I'm like, is it R2 or was it L1?
So I'm like hitting all the buttons, and I don't know, I screwed up one time, then I
screwed up the other time because I thought disarming the suspect meant you shoot him
in the hand.
I thought you would shoot him in the hand, you shoot him in the leg, but no, I shot him
in the hand that was holding the gun, and by some miracle of God, he shot the hostage
anyway, so I don't know how that works.
So finally it was just like, do you want to skip this action sequence, and I was like
God yes, because the thing I like best about that game is going to look at the clues and
going to investigate the suspects, or excuse me, interrogate the suspects, and put that
all together.
And investigating.
It's kind of like, you know, like putting together the pieces of a logic puzzle or something,
and it's amazing how exhilarating or how frustrating it can be when you hit the button, like I
literally sit there, and it's like being on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, and it's like,
your final answer is truth, and then it goes, doo doo doo, fuck, I knew the bitch was lying.
They just have a casual mode in there where you pull back a slingshot and launch a bird
at the guy.
But I gotta say, as far as Rockstar Game goes, I don't usually get into the Grand Theft Auto
games and all that stuff, but I'm like, I'm really liking L.A. Noire.
I like the detective thing, and I'm all into the stories and the 40s stuff, so yeah, I'm
gonna play some more of that one.
It's really cool.
Some comments on Magica in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
And Fanell, I hope I said that right, says, Magica is crazy fun.
And Kaijuto says, Magica is crazy lag for me.
Make sure they fix that lag before you buy.
I wonder if that's for everybody or if it's like a system-related thing.
Interesting.
So yeah, I've been playing that.
Now, there's another game I've been playing quite a bit of this week, and I didn't know
if I wanted to talk about it on the show tonight, because I'm gonna kind of like open Pandora's
Box here by saying what I've been playing.
But I figure, what the hell, I'm not gonna be here the next two weeks anyway, so if any
hate mail comes in, I wouldn't see it anyway.
So if you've listened to this show for any length of time, I told you guys, I don't pirate
games.
I don't download a lot of games, I don't pirate games, except I have downloaded in the past,
like during the PlayStation 1 era, I downloaded a lot of the Bamani games.
Damn it, I was gonna bring you something.
I was gonna bring you President Cat.
I forgot both things.
That's different, that's different.
But I was gonna play the, or I used to back in the day, I would download the, cause I'm
not paying 80 bucks to import like all these games.
My mindset is, if you want my money, release the game in my territory, and I'll buy it.
So that being said, I've played quite a bit of Xenoblade Chronicles this week, and I'll
leave it at that.
I don't wanna talk a little bit about Xenoblade Chronicles, because it's interesting.
The game is very interesting.
First off, is the game a good game?
Yes.
Is it something the Wii needs on its system?
I think so.
But here's the honest reaction I had playing Xenoblade Chronicles.
The first thing out of my mouth, cause Salacious Pop, you know, I was sitting down playing
it for a couple hours, and Salacious Pop goes, well how was it?
And I said, you know what?
It feels like a really, really awesome PlayStation 2 game.
And that's kinda how I felt about it.
Is that the graphics, really not up to par with what you see on the 360 and the PlayStation
3.
It's understandable.
It's the Wii.
The game itself feels a lot like, I don't know, it's kinda like Final Fantasy XII, with
MMO elements, and a pretty neat battle system reminiscent of the other, you know, Xeno games.
So there's a lot to do in the game.
There's a lot of quests.
There's a lot of things you can do in the game, and the world is vast, and it's really
something else.
And if you're an RPG fan, you really have a right to be mad that they're not putting
the game out here.
And quite frankly, if they're not gonna put it out here, you should do what I did.
Don't miss out on a great game.
Sorry, I know I might get hate mail for encouraging that, but you know what?
I will happily buy this game when they release it in this country.
There you go.
Here's what I think might happen.
And this is maybe fan wank speculation, but if my honest reaction to the game was, you
know, this game needs to have, like, better graphics to really be competitive.
Maybe they're holding back and releasing it on the Wii U.
Because I could see this game really easily being adapted for the Wii U.
There's a lot, like the menu system, there's a lot to it, there's a lot of sub screens.
You could use that second device, or the little controller, very easily to do a lot of that,
and then you could have the really nice souped-up graphics.
And to be honest, if Nintendo, you know, maybe I'm giving them too much credit here, but
it would be a kick-ass launch title.
Especially in the, like, it would be a kick-ass launch title.
You don't usually see a lot of very vast RPGs as launch titles.
What did the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 have?
I think Enchanted Arms was like the only remote RPG available for like six months.
Oblivion?
Oh yeah.
But I'm thinking Japanese RPG, I'm not thinking, there's a big difference in my mind between
a game like Final Fantasy, Enchanted Arms, Xenoblade, and Oblivion.
Oblivion's its own thing.
But yeah, you're right, you're right, Oblivion is a pretty kick-ass RPG launch title.
I should have thought of that.
No, here's what they're gonna do.
Come on.
I mean, yeah, this is Nintendo, and yeah, I can see them doing that, because you know
what?
They have nothing to bring to the table right now for the Wii U.
They've got nothing, so they gotta, they can't hold back Zelda Skyward Sword any longer,
because people will just be really pissed off then.
But here's what they're gonna do.
All they're gonna do is they're gonna fucking upscale that shit.
They're not gonna redo the graphics.
They're gonna upscale the polygons, and you're gonna have low-res textures, you know, like
you've seen with the Metal Gear Solid HD collection.
There's different ways that they do HD.
Some of them, they'll actually go to the Microsoft, you know, Halo route or whatever, and you'll
see where it's redone in a whole new engine, but it's the same, you know, levels and that
kind of stuff, and everything's kind of redone in a new engine.
Or they go the route where, oh, we're just gonna up-res all the polygons, and the textures,
well they're just gonna look kind of fuzzy and smoothed out, but hey, you know what,
at least it's not all jaggy like it was, you know, in the older systems.
That's all they're gonna fucking do, and they're gonna maybe add some support for the Wii U
tablet thing, but you know what?
People will be like, oh my god, that's amazing, that's great!
But that's what they're doing.
They're holding out so that they go, lookit, we understand what the hardcore fan wants,
and we brought it to you with the Wii U, and you're supposed to go, oh my god, Nintendo,
my savior!
I'm gonna go buy your system now!
But you need to see through this shit, and you say, fuck them, they're just trying to
hold this little carrot in front of my nose, so I buy another fucking system that they
end up catering to the goddamn masses for, and make all these casual games, and completely
forget about the hardcore user that actually buys product for their damn system.
Here's the thing though, like, I agree and I don't, because the thing is, at the end
of the day, it's not just about the graphics, and the game itself is pretty freaking awesome,
especially, like if you like JRPGs at all, or you like these kind of like, you know,
very open world, do the side quests and battles in real time without going into cutscenes
for battle and all this, you know, the presentation of the game is great, and the game itself,
story and everything, is pretty awesome.
I don't think they need to do, I mean, the graphics do look dated, but even upresing
or whatever little tweaks they can make to it, that bring it a bump up, I think it's
okay.
Because at the end of the day, the game itself speaks for itself.
System's only as good as the games that are on it, buh buh buh buh buh, right?
So-
Well then if that's the way they want to go, they want to, you know, bring it out over
here, they need to bring it out on the Wii, like it is now, because it's done.
It can be put out now, and then they can do a special edition later on that has better
graphics or an HD version, and that'd come out like a year later.
What's the problem with that?
You get to sell it twice, and people may buy it twice.
The problem is, and I'm just being real with y'all here, the more Nintendo, I feel like
they're ignoring the type of game that I want to play, the more it makes me want to turn
to the dark side to do it.
And how easy was it to do when major gaming websites are posting, here's how to play Xenoblade
in the US, like Nintendo is just being fucking deaf.
And that's fine if their ultimate grand scheme plan thing is to release it on the Wii U,
but I think they should have announced that by now.
And like, I would have waited to play this game.
If they'd announced it on the Wii U, I would have said, cool, it'll give me a launch game
that sounds like it'll be pretty kick-ass based on everything I've read online.
But seeing as I'm getting to this point where I'm like, you know what, this game is never
going to come out, and I really want to play it, so gosh, there's this ABC how to run these
games on my Wii right in front of my face, I'm doing it.
I want to play this game.
So be mad if you want, but I'm just being real.
I'm not the only one out there.
Or major gaming websites will not be publishing how to get away with it.
To be honest, it was just how to play the import copy of the game.
Well, yeah, no, and that's fine, and I understand that, but let's be real.
Let's be real.
You surely, you know, there's the thought of what you're really telling people, come
on, don't be, don't be ignorant, and I say that to everybody.
So it is what it is.
It's that, you know.
So will I buy the game if it comes out on Wii U?
Probably.
But, I don't know.
It depends if we want to buy it on the Wii U.
Yeah, right now the question is, will I buy a Wii U, and I don't know.
Well, here's the thing with the Wii U.
I mean, look at some of the games that they're talking about coming out of the system.
There's like Batman Arkham City.
Why?
You're gonna release a game that's been out for a year now, you know, on that system?
I mean, who cares?
I just don't even see a point.
Release Skyward Sword on there then.
I mean, because no one's gonna fucking care because it's been out for a year.
I just, I don't know.
Right now they just don't have much to bring to the table for that, and I, I'd be surprised
if that system comes out next year.
All right, well we'll see.
All right, well that's it.
That's all I'm gonna say for my gaming week.
But yeah, Xenoblade Chronicles is a great game, and it's really too bad that Nintendo
won't release it here.
What else can I say?
So, all right, let's move on and get some quick housekeeping before we get into tonight's
stories.
I will not be here for the next two weeks.
Yeah, two weeks.
I'm actually, after last week's show I realized, oh crap, I've got the concert next week and
then I actually have a scheduled trip to LA the week after that, and it's the one I do
every year.
So, yep, I'm taking a little break.
Sorry guys.
But I believe the one and only Tiara is gonna be here covering, at least next week, if not
both weeks.
I don't know yet.
Just next week.
Just next week.
So, there will be some type of live shows, so tune in as always, and I'll miss you guys.
But at the same time, damn, we need vacations once in a while, give me a break.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Oh yeah.
Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Add us on Facebook please.
And Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Now we can get into some gaming news.
We'll start it off with Loki.
I don't take vacations at all.
So Nintendo announced a lot of stuff at their pre-Toku game show press event.
Some of the stuff they announced, hey, you know those big games that you're waiting for
and ones that you may have purchased a system for?
Yeah, they're not coming this year.
Kid Icarus Uprising has been delayed to 2012, and that's for all regions.
And of course, you know, it's critically acclaimed, and yeah.
Looks amazing.
You know, they had new video footage for it, but yeah, not coming out this year.
Too bad.
Of course, there's gonna be a new system update coming for the 3DS in November, and this is
gonna add 3D video capture as well.
And definitely kind of a cool thing, you know, because I know the 3D photos are pretty cool.
Yeah, actually that sounds all sorts of awesome.
Like I'm really all about the 3D video capture, but the only problem is the resolution on
those cameras is kind of shit.
That's terrible.
So that's kind of unfortunate.
Like if those cameras were just a slight better quality, it would be awesome, but you know
that next year when there's the 3DS Lite or the 3DS XL or whatever crap they come up with,
there's gonna be better cameras in it.
I'm sure that will help with the 3D, because let's be real, like not a lot of people have
3D cameras or 3D video cameras right now, so Nintendo could kind of get a jump on that,
you know, whole thing, the 3D craze by implementing that.
I'm really surprised it didn't have video at launch.
Not surprised at all that it's being patched in.
You're surprised?
The device didn't have all the features that they, you know, they talked about.
Oh yeah, eShop, you want to buy stuff?
Ehh, that's not coming for a few months.
Who's sharing?
Oh hey, you want to browse the internet?
Yeah, we didn't put the web browser in there, it wasn't quite done yet.
Ahh, Rush, no, we didn't rush the system, what are you talking about?
This was always planned like that.
Yeah.
So, November, because you know, they don't like the Rush things, they're taking their
time.
Of course, one of the things that came out was this god-awful ugly circle pad attachment
for Monster Hunter Tri-G, and of course, it's been announced that several titles will actually
support it, including Resident Evil Revelations, Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D, Ace Combat
3D, Dynasty Warriors Versus, and Kingdom Hearts 3D Dream Drop Distance.
And of course, this device is going to require an additional AAA battery to use because it's
got to communicate with the 3DS via the infrared port on the back, and it will also add a couple
extra shoulder buttons, and of course the circle pad.
Funny thing about the circle pad is, it's not needed for Monster Hunter.
In fact, all the demo kiosks at Tokyo Game Show didn't have it.
Interesting.
This thing is so interesting because, well A, the whole fact that it requires a separate
battery to run, like you could just hear the facepalming going on across Twitter and the
blogs and so forth when that was announced, so I'll just kind of let that speak for itself
and the whole, yeah, yeah, sure, they plan to do this the whole time, I'm really sure,
because they thought about adding that port on the back that could interface with this
and power it, but oops.
Of course, then again, you don't want anything else sucking the power out of the 3DS because
it's not like it holds a lot to begin with, right?
But it really is sounding more and more like this is the 3DS's version of MotionPlus, only
it's happening a lot faster.
And I really wonder how long it's gonna be before this thing is mandatory.
And you know on the remake next year, there's gonna be better cameras and the second analog
pad.
Look at that, second analog pad can go right there, nice little home for it right on the
device.
No, because the way it looks right now is just like a Wii U controller.
Yeah, but see, I believe that the buttons are, well actually, the buttons are above,
are below the thing, well fine, they'll move the buttons down and then they'll put the
circle pad there.
Hey, but they got you the BIOS system because they dropped the price, right?
Haha, suckers!
And then you'll buy it again!
That's what Nintendo likes to do, sell you hardware over and over and over again.
Remember Game Boy?
Coinora Chatroom at chat.orangelandrader.com, Randy says, that 3DS attachment makes the
thing look like a Game Gear.
A little bit.
I think the battery life might be a little better on a Game Gear though, not sure.
And then of course, you know, the best way to target your female audience is to put it
out in pink.
So they have a 3DS coming out in pink in October.
Yeah, uh, cool.
Not necessarily in the US.
Not in the US, in Japan only.
Are people really that shallow?
I mean, I understand people like pink things, but it's like, oh, I'm not buying that system.
Oh, it's in pink!
Oh, okay.
Yes, people are that shallow.
Just accept it and move on.
I shake my head at you guys.
See, this is how they get away with all that shit.
Put out a pink box for a game, huh?
Whenever blue systems come out, Megalotov's right there ready to buy one.
So I don't know what to tell you.
It's on, Dan.
What do you want to say?
Whoops.
Except it's muted.
Sorry about that.
Go ahead.
Pink systems, giant sellers at Christmas time.
Are they really?
Oh yeah.
You can't get the like the pink DS light.
You couldn't bag bar or steal one of those at Christmas time.
And the other time of the year, nobody fucking wanted them.
Isn't it really?
Well, remember when I got my, um, uh, GBA?
Oh, dear God, no.
My pink GBA.
What about it?
And no one else could find them?
No.
But you know, it's not really just...
GBA, that was a long time ago.
It's not pink and hard to find.
It's not really just about the colors though, right?
Like, I don't know how many of you guys were watching the press conferences that was going
on, but they followed up this conversation on pink 3DSs with the girl tailored games,
which were, they looked really creepster to me.
Like I didn't get it, but of course, you know, it's a different culture, whatever.
Some comedian based game, I think was one of them.
They have a lot of girl based games already.
I mean, Ubisoft puts out a ton of girl games.
I mean, there is tons of DS games.
I want to preface by saying like tween girl games.
Like I don't want to infer, cause dark soccer might kick my butt, that girls like play different
games.
And like, you know, all girls hate Metroid and things like that.
But like, you know, the ones that are aimed at like the little girls, I'm going to punch
you with this microphone.
Although let's be real.
She did say she played a lot of Sims 3 this week.
I'm just kidding.
She's stuck on that Facebook Sims game.
A lot of people actually didn't touch it.
What a piece of crap.
Bullshit.
A lot of people are stuck on that Facebook game.
You lie like a rug.
I didn't play it at all yesterday.
So many of my Sims hated me.
But the DS, they did really try to market the DS at girls for a while.
Like didn't they have like Beyonce and Carrie Underwood doing commercials and Beyonce does
it then I've got to do that.
Girls and women were a huge marketing push with the Wii too.
Nintendo was just all about, you know, 40% of the consumers out there are 50% or 60%
or whatever are women.
And we're not marketing to them.
You've got to sell to women.
Sell, sell, sell.
Recommend games for girls, girls, girls, girls, sell, sell, sell.
I'm like, you fucking people.
Have you seen the customers that come into my store?
99% male.
If there's a girl in my store, they stay out until the girl leaves.
No, that's not true.
Well, it's often true.
It's because I don't know what to do around a woman.
If there's a girl in the store selling on the other hand, oh shit, unless she's the
world's worst salesperson, she could sell whatever it's because that's the only way
they'll ever see a woman in real life.
That's what I was saying.
But now they can see women in 3D on the 3DS in 3D, 3D boobies.
It's probably the first time they ever see 3D boobies.
All right, no, no, no, I kid.
So I don't know how many of you guys again watched Nintendo's conference.
Obviously there was a lot of focus on the monster hunter games that's coming out games
because there's tri-G and then there's four that they announced is going to be a Nintendo
3DS thing as well.
And then I got to say, I was totally thinking of Dark Sakura because after the press conference,
there was like 15 minutes of monster hunter commercials that featured Gachamon.
Like for 15 minutes, like all these little Gachamon ads for monster hunter games that
made me laugh.
Okay, I need this if there's Gachamon involved.
I watched them all thinking that that's when they were finally going to show that 3DS peripheral.
What was very interesting, that add on completely absent from Nintendo's press conference that
they did for not Tokyo game show.
I don't care about any of that.
You've lost me at Gachamon.
I'm totally being honest.
I should have like called you and it was on YouTube.
You might find them on YouTube.
You might.
They were all funny.
Now, uh, Kevin 6L8 in our chat room, maybe that's Kevin68 in our chat room says, uh,
in my store about a good third of the people buying our team to young adult girls buying
what buying?
I'm assuming like DS and related systems or maybe we are, of course.
Why not expo?
Yeah, that's, that's, that's the same thing.
I was watching our soccer.
She's, she brought it up.
Just a preface.
I worked at a game crazy and I also worked at a store, you know, a few years ago back
before girls started playing games.
That's the scariest looking kate I've ever seen.
She didn't even pay attention.
Nobody cares.
It's a 70 show about a bird ninja team.
The science ninja team.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about the Vita a little bit cause there's a lot of news on the PlayStation
Vita as well.
Um, first off at their conference, they had this slide talking about 100 titles already
announced for the Vita.
Uh, things like a Ninja guidance, Sigma, ultimate moral, Marvel vs Capcom three, Katamari, DJ
max technica, um, the sound shapes game, super stardust, Delta wipeout Ridge racer, of course
always has to be there.
Zone of Enders, HD, metal gear, solid HD, uh, Gundam games, super robot, Tyson games,
tales of innocence, et cetera, et cetera.
So lots, I mean, it's very interesting watching the Sony conference because they are doing
everything they can to not fuck this up.
They and they are, they are trying to just punch Nintendo in the jugular.
And I'll tell you what, the delay of the Vita in the U S I'm telling you is so that the
lineup looks as strong here.
They are doing what everybody says Nintendo should have done.
And by, I mean, and everybody's saying Nintendo should not have launched a 3ds until Christmas.
And so what the Vita is doing is the Vita is waiting and it's building up an arsenal
of games.
So now when that thing launches here, it's going to come out with a bang.
It's it's really interesting.
It is actually, I mean, I wasn't too interested in, because before, you know, granted before
during E3, all they were showing was like, here's uncharted and then here's a bunch of
other crappy games that you don't give a shit about.
Oh, and wipe out for the, you know, the Vita I was like, eh, I don't really care for any
of that crap.
But now they're showing all the third party games for the Vita and it's looking nice,
right?
Uh, by the way, the Vita does come out December 17th, the date has been announced in Japan.
So it's very, they are cutting it really close there with the end of the year.
And uh, you know, that would be way too late here in America to make the holiday season.
I still think it would sell tons anyway, but I, I think Sony's doing the right thing by
waiting till next year because they're just going to dump a crap ton of games whenever
it launches here.
They did not announce the date here, although something to think about, it was reiterated
this week in on Twitter, in a Twitter conversation with, um, Sony computer entertainment president
of worldwide studios, Suhei Yoshida has reiterated the Vita is region free.
So if you want to import one of those fuckers on December 17th, you're good to go.
I'm getting the shakes already.
Giving Nintendo an unopposed holiday season is not smart.
They need to at least, I mean, I'm sure that before the holiday season really kicks in
that we'll at least know a date.
Uh, I, I do agree and they're not, but they're not going opposed in Japan, which is going
to be the biggest battleground I think of sorts.
I don't know.
I, I'm not too worried about the 3ds in, in the U S because I think, you know, the games
that they have coming out, they have, was it a super Mario 3d land and November and
that's really it.
And other than that, it's a Mario karts coming out in December, but later on and I don't
know.
So it's Mario definitely is a draw, but is it a system seller?
They're doing a smash brothers for that thing.
Yeah, yeah, they're doing a smash brothers for that thing.
And people are at some point in time, they have how many fucking people bought the Wii
because they put smash brothers on it.
I understand that.
And that's fine if they buy Nintendo needs to do is find that one fucking title.
That's what they've done with every system.
Every system.
People are just like, well, I don't know.
And then it comes out with that one title, which on the original DS was like Ninten dogs
or something.
And everybody goes, I got to have one of these fucking things.
So what fucking brain age?
Yeah, exactly.
What happens if at Christmas that one title comes out and Sony's just left holding their
sack?
They're not going to, I'm sorry.
It's it's not going to, first off smash brothers at E3, which they shouldn't have even really
announced at E3.
They're like, yeah, Hey, I'm thinking about working on a smash brothers game.
Is it in development?
No.
Is it coming out anytime soon?
No.
But, but we're thinking about it.
Yeah.
Just like we're thinking about doing a Pikmin game.
Where the fuck is your new Pikmin game that you promised us two years ago for the week?
Oh, that's never coming out.
So smash brothers for the three DS.
Yeah.
They promised you net two and you know, they promised that games coming out now, but two
years from now when it's like, um, Hey, where's the smash brothers game?
You promise us?
Yeah.
We're going to put it on the next three DS system that we're going to put out.
So, uh, sorry.
Three DS, I still think the internet as a whole, were you trying to say something Jamie?
Sorry.
Not anymore.
Okay.
I still think the internet as a whole is being a little hard on Nintendo because it's hard
on, he said hard on, but no, for real, because, and believe me, I have my issues with Nintendo
as well, but I think the three DS is going to sell bucket loads this Christmas.
I think a lot of people are seriously underestimating the power of that Mario cart and the Mario
land three D games.
I think that's going to sell a lot of systems this holiday, especially with there not being
a Vita.
Don't get me wrong.
The Vita is going to be an impressive thing and going to have a huge launch next year
that doesn't do anything for this Christmas here in the U S I just think those like Mario
cart, especially is huge.
I really think so.
I just think they need to bring up motion sickness pills with it.
I've gone through 10 holiday seasons and game retail.
No Nintendo system has been a shelf warmer at a Christmas time, except for the virtual
boy, but that was before my time.
Very true.
Very true.
I think the one thing that the three DS is lacking that Nintendo should have jumped on
sooner somehow second analog controller.
Uh, well that's a whole nother issue, but I'm just talking like, you know, format stuff
wise is the three D movies.
They were showing off a lot of the city three, the year that the three DS was shown.
You know, we have Netflix on the three DS, but yet we don't have three D movies yet.
Soon we're going to be able to record three D movies.
Now have you checked out the Nintendo video service that they've got on there?
Yeah, but what little five minute videos I'm talking when they, when we were 83 they were
talking about putting tangled in three D on a little cartridge.
They could, the lion King in three D was the number one movie at the box office this weekend
from 94 they put that thing on a three DS cart.
It's going to sell like crazy, you know, because it's so much cheaper right now and they need
to strike while the iron's hot.
It's so much cheaper right now to invest in the three DS is three D device, then go get
a fricking three D television and glasses, but that's not going to be the case much longer
come a year from now.
Next holiday.
I think three D three D TVs are going to be huge, man.
I can't wait.
Are you waiting to get a three DTV?
I want a three DTV because kind of like Matt, I'm a sucker for technology, but at the same
time as I've gotten older, I've gotten cheaper.
So I'm just like, Oh man, I am not going to spend $3,000 on that.
Especially as fast as technology is getting better and better.
You're definitely in a better position to wait because as soon as you buy one, it's
just like, Oh, Hey look, we came up with this technology that's even 10 times better and
it's cheaper.
It's like, Oh, come on.
Well, when I even, you know, I haven't waited and waited and waited about my 120 Hertz TV
because 120 Hertz was supposed to be the three D rate.
It's like on this TV now we can do three D when the three D comes out.
This TV will work.
I'm like, great.
Now.
Fuck you.
It's gotta be two 40.
Fuck you guys.
Fuck you right in the ear.
But that's okay.
Going to our chat at chat.orangestonsready.com hit stun says Netflix is in three D right?
Actually it's not, not on the three DS.
I know you would think it would be, but outside of the title screen and I think the menus,
the content itself, not in three D yet.
Who knows?
Who knows what might happen?
Uh, and then, uh, Kevin six eight in our chat at chat.orangestonsready.com says, I'm not
really into three D. I mean, it's more of a novelty to me.
See, I'm kind of there too.
And I feel a little weird talking about like hyping up three D and everything, but I think
for games three D might actually kind of be neat.
Like I got to admit some of the three DS stuff's got cool.
Like it's a little bitty screen and so forth, but it is, it's, it's, it's neat at least
for a little while.
I think the Mario Kart game is going to be kind of neat, but I think there probably will
be a point where I'm like, okay, let's, let's turn the three off now.
See with Mario Kart, it's just, it's a perfect example of what Nintendo does wrong and Mario
Kart, what they've done is every game only sells like 11 D gajillion copies.
I understand that because people are suckers and they're like, Oh, it's a Mario game.
I want to buy it.
Fine.
That's not why it happens.
It's because the Mario Kart games are good.
Really?
They're not creative.
They're not innovative, but they're always super fun and anyone can play them and they
just, they just last.
The one series that Nintendo really doesn't need to do anything to, you know how, you
know, they put out stuff and don't really do anything like animal crossing.
They change absolutely nothing and they put out the new game on another system and Hey,
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
In the new animal crossing, you will get to sit on a bench and swim.
But that's fine.
Okay.
Two things.
Um, and it's in a different camera perspective, whoopty shit.
Um, but one of the series that they don't really need to do anything to is Mario Kart.
I mean, Mario Kart was always good as it was hang gliders.
Yeah.
Hang gliders.
That's awesome.
Um, or you know, they've ruined battle mode, you know, after the 64 versions after the
first one.
No, it was, it was good.
A 64 version was still fun.
Good on like that flat out with seven battle screen.
It was so cool.
It was, Mario Kart 64 is an awesome game that I haven't spent enough time with.
So it was blocked for, it was awesome in Mario Kart 64.
I mean, that's where it was at, but you know, now they're just, they're trying too hard,
I guess.
Cause with Double Dash it was like, oh look, you can have a partner, you can switch back
and forth.
No, that was terrible.
And then now, and then now they have like, oh look, hey, uh, we're going to have motorcycles
and monster trucks and hang gliders and underwater sub things.
Who gives a shit?
It's a kart racing game.
If you ever come over the one year that we put up like an eight player system like Mario
Kart game.
No.
That was so great.
It was like, I'm going to be controlling the rear guy and just punting people.
It was like amazing.
Let me, let me, let me try to kind of move on the conversation a little bit here, but,
but Jamie, Jamie, I want to hear from you for a minute because Nintendo is targeting
women.
What do you think the 3DS's chances are this Christmas?
It's going to be good cause it's an Nintendo system.
I mean people buy Nintendo systems.
That's really it.
And people are going to buy the shit that comes out, like imagine babies and fart monsters
or something.
Do they have a game called fart monster 3D?
No, they have, um, let's see what would be the closest thing to that.
They have pet zombies.
You can raise your own pet zombie.
That's kind of fun.
Shitting me.
No.
That's awesomely bad.
All right.
I would play that cause it's awesomely bad.
Now we got to get back to some of this stuff on the Vita cause go ahead.
I was going to say if they want to, you know, sell me one, just give me my Kid Icarus already.
Soon.
Next year.
All right.
Uh, by the way, cause some of the, uh, audio or excuse me, some of the chat is pointing
out that Dan's audio is in and out.
He's using the shit.
He does have the busted mic right now cause I had to put a mic by the door so that Dan
would come in here and yell random shit.
He might be encouraged to pick up a mic and say it into the microphone, but unfortunately
the only microphone we have is the half busted one.
So I apologize to the shoddy audio quality.
We hear that.
Thank you Dan.
No, actually now we can't.
There you go.
Just hold the cord.
Yeah.
You just have to do it.
You have to kind of just kind of push it together.
Like it's a falling apart.
All right.
More Vita news.
My husband's a prevert.
I mentioned this in the, uh, over overview of what all games are coming out, but I just
kind of want to revisit.
Uh, it was announced that zone of the enders HD collection and metal gear solid is coming
to the Vita, uh, as well as Ninja Gaiden, ultimate Marvel versus Capcom three Katamari.
And this was the huge bombshell that was dropped.
Final fantasy 10 remake or HD version or whatever they're calling it is coming out.
We're going to do a remake of final fantasy final fantasy 10.
Yeah.
They don't go with when everyone wants, they just go with one that all they have to do
is update a few textures on and boom.
Well I think you hit the nail on the head.
There's far less work to be done with final fantasy 10 and they can get it done a lot
faster.
Not even updating the textures.
It's just uprising.
I don't know though.
No, I've given that too much.
Uh, I'm being too hard on them because the, you know, um, Ico shadow class collection
is actually pretty good.
So all this is a third part.
Is that out?
I need to get that out this it's either this week or next week.
I got to get that.
But anyways, no, actually I'm sorry.
That is a third party company and so it's not Sony.
So yeah, it's just going to be up res textures, um, and polygons.
It's going to be Konami stuff or Konami quality, which there was a lot of like Twitter rage
on seven fans versus 10 fans this week when the remake was announced.
I noticed it was just kind of like the answer seems obvious to me.
Ten's just an easier thing to remain in both games.
Both games are equally popular in Japan.
Well yeah, um, uprising into HD is a little different than remaking the whole damn game.
You know, one is a lot easier to do than the other.
So that's why you don't have a set because if you all press seven, it's going to look
like shit.
And I don't know why there's so many 10 haters.
I don't know if it's because of like the whiny emo voice acting and stuff, but like Lulu
is like one of the most bad-ass characters like in a video game.
I really like 10 too.
I really like 10 too.
10 two's okay.
I was like, yay, 10 too is fun and festive.
Some days you want to have crazy hat day.
It's the girl fest.
I love it.
So especially because there was like this whole area, like when you're on that long
road that you could just cycle back through your dress fears and like level them all up
super quickly, like over and over again if you had a couple hours to spend on it.
Well who knows if Final Fantasy 10 sells well enough in a remake edition or what have you,
they might have 10 too.
Give us seven you whores.
Here's my other question is, uh, and I don't know if you know this Loki, but some people
are saying that this Final Fantasy 10 remake is not just for the Vita, that it's for the
PlayStation three as well as that was, wow, that's, Kevin 68 makes a good point.
What's that?
Aaron was bad ass.
Yes, he was.
He was so bad ass.
They put him in kingdom hearts as well.
You know what?
Hmm.
He was like the only, cause you know, I leveled through the game so quickly.
Well, I went through the game without leveling so quickly, but by the time I got to that
last, uh, um, what was that fucker's name with the blue hair that started with a G.
Ject?
No, the bad guy with the blue hair that tried to marry Yuna.
Oh, fuckwad.
His name is fuckwad.
By the time I got to fuckwad again, after the glyph mine battle, I was like dead and
he was the only one that lived cause I didn't level, but he was a bad ass.
Uh, tiger claw in our chat room says, what about that Final Fantasy musical game they
are making?
What is it on, it's, it's a three ds, not a Vita game, but it's that that's her river
rhythm or whatever it was called.
It looked dumb.
Well, here's the thing.
If the game was like $20 maybe, but $40, no thank you.
Listen to last week's show and the whole price tag grant because I want, what are the Vita
games going to be priced out of there all going to be 40 bucks to 50 shut the fuck up
for real.
Vita games are going to be 50 bucks.
Hello.
PSP games were fucking 50 bucks.
Oh my God.
I don't know.
Apparently my head's been in the sand.
I didn't buy a whole lot of PS 1540 it'll be a PSP price.
I think.
Um, I don't know, maybe 60.
The only price I've seen so far is on, um, Lego Harry Potter.
And that was, I think it was 50.
It was Seymour Guado.
That's right.
It was Seymour.
You want to see more Guado?
I like fuck wad, Seymour fuck wad.
Um, but yeah, that's the only one that, cause the only two titles that I actually have info
on were, um, Lego Harry Potter two and um, dragon something.
I don't remember the hell the other one was called.
Like dragons, dragon dust or I don't know.
Suddenly buying the Magica Uber edition for 10 bucks on steam doesn't seem like such a
bad idea because like game pricing is so fucked up right now.
Like I just, it's, we're in such this crazy state that we haven't been in gaming's history.
Games have always kind of been around that same price, but now we've got 99 cent angry
birds versus $50 Vita games.
It's all about production value though.
I mean, look at, look at the games that they're putting out now.
What they have to do.
They have, you know, Hollywood, um, voice actors and not all games have that, but they
have, you know, teams of hundreds of people, you know, putting these things together for
a long period of time versus angry birds, which could have been made by one or two guys
in maybe a weekend.
I mean, that's why that's 99 cents and that's why those games are 60 bucks because they
also have to advertise.
They have to do all that stuff.
And yes, they can go the different route and try to do more casual stuff and stuff that
costs less.
But what about movies?
Because like, you know, the Blair Witch project was made for what, like a nickel and then
you had like Titanic and it costs the same to see both of those movies.
Now I guess I understand now that with the 3D is throwing this interesting monkey wrench
into it, you're not going to see independent 3D movies right now or right now anyway.
Well, yes.
So I understand that they're, you know, movies when they come to the theaters are all the
same price, but that's, you know, up to the studios to make that decision whether they
want to have a high budget movie or a low budget movie, you know, being put in there.
And yeah, it's all gonna be the same price, but you know, they're charging these theaters
a hell of a lot of money to put them in there and then they sell them on DVD and you know,
yeah, DVD prices are, you know, it fluctuates depending on where you buy them, but it's
because they've already had it out there and they've already made some money back from
it already before they've gone and sold it on DVD or video on demand or however else
you consume your entertainment.
I guess it really just depends on what the quality of the game is, though, and how much
you're into it.
Like, and that's the interesting thing about Steam, too, is that it's kind of like one
of those, well, once we've sold it to everybody, we think it's gonna buy it for 50 bucks, let's
try to knock it down to 40.
Like it's-
Yeah.
We can name that tune.
Where I have-
I'll buy that game for 50 bucks.
But at the same time, though, I have a problem with a game that's terrible, that's being
sold for $60 when it clearly looks like it's like an up-res PlayStation 2 game, or in the
case of Activision and EA, where they put out Rock Band and Guitar Hero and they sell
it for 60 bucks on the Wii, I mean, dude, it's less production quality for that version
of the game than it was the other ones.
Cinderwolf in our chatroom at chat.orangetowntrady.com says, as a retailer, the greater profit is
in selling 200 copies at $30 rather than 50 copies at $50.
Depends what you're talking about.
I mean, if you're talking about games, there's no money to be made anywhere, but if you're
talking about movies, then that's a different story.
All right.
Let's move on with some more news stories.
We could talk all night about how games are really expensive, but at the end of the day,
like seriously, if Civilization VI was announced and they were gonna charge a hundred bucks
for it, I'd probably still pay it.
It just really depends on the game.
You're part of the problem, Rob.
Yeah, I am.
That's fine.
Okay.
Hey, some people spent 150 bucks on these limited edition, like Call of Duty's, World
of Warcraft's, Oblivion, or excuse me, Skyrim, you know, whatever game, so they make hundreds
of bucks off people somehow.
Some people imported games for a lot of money too.
Yeah, who imported the game that came with a fucking dish?
Dark Sakura.
You know what?
I didn't actually import that, I bought it in an import store and I didn't pay that much
for it.
Hey, are you a fan of Lord of the Rings?
Because they've got a Lord of the Rings War of the North thing that's coming out, it comes
in a quiver, a leather quiver.
I remember you mentioning that.
For the record, I am not a Lord of the Rings fan.
The movies were okay.
Are you a fan of leather quivers?
No.
The movies were okay and the books, the stories were great.
The stories, but Tolkien's writing pisses me off.
Are you a fan of guns?
Yes.
Because there's a Red Dead Redemption coming out with a six shooter.
You want a gun?
I want a gun!
I just made that up.
He totally made that up.
We actually went looking at guns.
I just want Dark Sakura to get excited about a gun.
I want a gun.
I don't want Dark Sakura to own a gun.
Why?
Because you'll shoot me!
I won't.
No I won't.
Just because someone has a gun doesn't mean that they'll use a gun.
Yeah but we're talking about you though.
It would be safely in a locker and I would go outside to shoot it.
You're right in the face.
We're waiting until you get outside of the house so that way we can say you were a prowler.
The next time Shermie shits on the floor she's gonna get it.
No.
Yeah she can absorb a bullet and be fine.
She's right there.
Bounce right off her.
Be nice to the cat.
I wouldn't shoot the cat.
I like her better than anyone else in this room.
As they put it in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, she's cultivating mass.
She's cultivating sleep right now.
Dark Sakura let's move on with some gaming news.
Sony are bitches.
Wait.
They actually amended their online terms to block class action lawsuits.
It's actually a section called binding individual arbitration.
So to quote it says any dispute resolution proceedings whether in arbitration or court
will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in the class or representative action
as a named or unnamed member in the class consolidation representative or private attorney
general action.
So basically if you want to use our shit you can't sue us in the class action.
But you can opt out.
Yes you can opt out of it.
You can send Sony a postcard or whatever and opt out of that.
I want to make specially made postcards of Sony.
That's a big middle finger.
Opt out of this bitch.
Well here's what it says.
If you do not agree with the new terms of service or privacy policy or if you do not
wish to enter into an agreement with Sony you may decline the TOS and privacy policy
and we will close your account and return your funds.
So in other words if you want to opt out then fuck off.
You can't use our service at all.
So it's not just a opt out because I want to sue you someday.
You know the only reason I'm like whatever Sony is because the PlayStation Network is
free.
So it's kind of one of those you know whatever but at the same time there is PlayStation
Plus.
Go ahead.
It says more actually says if the class action waiver clause is found to be illegal or unenforceable
the entire section 15 will be unenforceable and the dispute will be decided by a court
and you and the Sony entity you have a dispute with each agree to waive.
In that instance to the fullest extent allowed by the law in a trial by jury.
So in other words this may not actually be legal.
And if it ends up being illegal then you never said anything but there is a court case of
the AT&T that already set precedent that this is legal.
So wow.
You know not much you can do there.
I don't know.
That's just it does seem a little bit.
Here's here's the thing.
What am I actually going to sue Sony.
I mean what are they going to do to me.
That's really going to have me sue them.
Nothing.
I mean you know my cause I see them individually.
I'm still waiting on your own.
I'm still waiting for money back from Microsoft.
I'm more likely to sue them before I sue Sony.
Well it's basically saying you're sorry.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I was going to say.
But you'll be suing on an individual basis and not as a class action through Microsoft
has nothing to do with Sony true.
That's the whole point is like you can hire an attorney and you can spend all the money
to sue them on your own and get you know maybe 15000.
I'm just using an arbitrary figure 15000 dollars were as opposed to a class action lawsuit
with maybe a million users and each of them get five dollars that's five million bucks.
You know think about that.
It's it's a way to basically save their assets not assets assets and also because they're
a bigger company and they have money to throw at this type of stuff they can just drag it
out forever until you run out of money to fight it right.
It's kind of an intimidation thing it's kind of one of those where bigger than you are
so you can sue us and we'll just get scary scary station network but well you may not
use PlayStation Network but as Loki said AT&T set a precedent for this so maybe Sony setting
a precedent for this in the gaming world and by the time the Wii U comes out with its online
service it'll have something like this as well and Xbox Live may adopt a similar policy
when it does a little remodel this really needs to be because basically it's like they're
trying to manipulate the court system.
They should have no jurisdiction in determining how someone can legally challenge.
I like this salacious pop is just rambling about this in our chat room so I want to read
some of these comments here at chat dot orange on twitter dot com.
That is embarrassingly dumb.
The only reason why you'd ever need to be approached to be part of a class action and
having that class action go to trial is because there's obviously clearly incompetent shit
going on on a wide scale that is the point of a class action oh my god if you try to
form a class action and you don't have a case and you're just a butt mad neckbeard you'll
be laughed out of court class actions are the only real way you can make a company pay
huge punitive damages as punishment for their shady dealings in an individual case if you're
in the right yeah you'll get paid well but it won't be punitive damages kind of money
so sony is trying to protect their wallet that's exactly it i like butt mad neckbeard
makes me think of those guys that get up and ask questions at blizzcon well that's exactly
it i mean that was pretty much the the point i was trying to make they're trying to save
money and you know not basically have to take any responsibility for the shit that they're
doing at the end of the day i don't really like it but i hit accept anyway because i
wanted to like play my games online so well that's the problem what can you do that right
there is the problem i mean not no offense or anything i'm not like pointing at you but
that is that's why they they can get away with it because people will say oh i just
want to play my games i don't give a shit but that's how they're going to get away with
it but because there's going to be too many people what can you do what can you do how
can you hold this company accountable like i i still believe like even though whatever
at&t said a precedent if they fuck up on the scale of the network breach again i'm sorry
this little passage 15 isn't going to hold up you know congress is investigating sony
for their fuck up you know what i mean like if like you know they don't have a you know
deficit or anything to worry about so i don't know it's just but the whole the whole point
is that by sitting around and doing nothing they're going to get away with this as long
as they can a lot of people are going to get serious internet rage dark soccer that is
how we're responding with internet rage i am very upset at sony well there actually
is a number of things you can do you can write your you know your representatives to you
know double check the legality of this because uh clearly they're not going to you know they'd
have to evaluate it on a state-by-state basis too to see if any of that's going to fly because
they have to deal with state laws as well and they can't stand in the way of you know
legal proceeding or you can send loki's card with the giant middle finger i'm trying to
be serious i know i know the whole point is that it's something that should not be allowed
to to pass uh marisa con gusto in our chat room says there is pending legislation about
word salad legal agreements but this won't stop arbitration clauses which you are a part
of in many areas that you don't even know of that's very true very common like cell
phone agreements and just all sorts of anything you sign probably has some stupid arbitration
clause in it this country that that that that that that that i'd be interested though how
does sony protect themselves in other countries because if they were to screw up again that
might hold a legal thing in the u.s but did they have to do the same thing in canada or
they'd probably do whatever the equivalent law is you know have something kind of interesting
i don't know all right let's move on with some more gaming news we could talk about
this all night but so final fantasy 10 the remake is not the only final fantasy that's
coming out uh there's also well final fantasy 14 i guess is never coming out but um never
coming out working that is haha um but final fantasy 13 too though is on its way out it
is 90 complete as of tokyo game show and um they're showing some cool stuff including
there's going to be some bonus um features if you have a safe game for the original 13
game also there's going to be 150 monsters to raise and chocables uh will be writable
anywhere in the game and i guess they also have a series unique red chocobo as well that'll
be available and um i guess the game itself will feature time travel so that's kind of
neat um the game is launching uh next year on the north american region uh january 31st
and also uh europe is getting february 2nd japan is though seeing it this year on december
15th um plus they're also launching in japan with a exclusive uh playstation 3 system that's
pink and black and it's got a laser etched uh lightning on it the lightning edition version
2 which will include a 320 gigabyte hard drive the game and a controller for the price of
37,960 yen or 495 that's pretty awesome i don't know does seem a little weird that they're
releasing like a whole new playstation though like i don't know it's just it's just a limited
edition i mean whatever they did call dude wouldn't the final fantasy fans have already
bought one for final fantasy 13 the original um yeah maybe i don't know um and of course
as we said earlier uh final fantasy 10 the remake for playstation vita and playstation
3 that'll be coming out later on my bad on that loki sorry that's all right no big deal
we have to mention again because it's awesome it i it's something i'm gonna probably pick
up no doubt no i would love to see what i mean obviously this won't happen till they
kill off the playstation 2 version of it but uh an hd remake version of final fantasy 11
that's free to play would be awesome i could happen didn't i talk about this a couple weeks
ago on the show that they were investigating dumping the playstation 2 you yeah you did
mention that but actually hasn't there been a rumor about 11 on the vita already i think
there has yeah oh can you imagine if that game goes free to play i don't know what i'm
gonna do the wife won't have a reason to stop you now well you know what see here's the
thing though the only reason i didn't have i stopped my subscription because i don't
get a lot of time to play so it may be like maybe an hour or two every few days but if
it's free to play who gives a shit so i don't play for a few days or weeks or whatever i'm
not paying for it let me go to this next story which is uh yeah this is this is interesting
because this is about reviews uh and so we're gonna talk about game reviews for a little
bit as you know gears of war 3 is on its way out and it's it's kind of a big deal like
if you're into these types of shooter games at all it's kind of a big deal and the game's
getting good reviews it's getting a lot of great reviews glowing reviews everywhere uh
there was an article however with vg247.com that cliff basinski or cliffy b did talking
about gears of war let me read the little passage of the interview here were you pleased
with the review scores this morning asked the website cliff b said doing great apart
from a couple of haters magazine asked who were the haters and he said a certain gamer
of the euro so kind of uh calling out euro gamer and what was their problem with the
game i haven't read the review asked the magazine to which cliffy b followed up you know i don't
quite gather it i don't want to come across as defensive how do i phrase this properly
when people rated gear 2 higher than gears 3 it kind of upset me because i know gears
3 is a better game on every level now here's the punch line it sounds like eurogamer really
trashed the shit out of this game didn't it which they have done to some games and that
they put this game in the toilet this game got an 8 out of 10 by eurogamer and they are
haters because the game got an 8 out of 10 that's stupid care to elaborate why is it
stupid i don't know why would someone just start this off because i mean 8 out of 10
is good it's well above average you know maybe it's like oh i wanted a 9 out of 10 or 10
out of 10 because it was exceptional it's perfect we can do no wrong maybe it sounds
to me like the issue is gears 2 must have got a 9 or a 10 from the same website and
they dared to rate this game an 8 probably i mean i review scores you kind of have to
take with a grain of salt anyway i mean it's not like they rated a game of four and there
were some reviews out there on the internet they're rated final fantasy 13 a four out
of 10 i'm sorry look at duke nukem forever perfect example like there's a ton of shitty
reviews and there's a ton of really good reviews for it you have to look at your reviewer you
know that's why i always thought that one of the most fair um reviewing systems was
how um game pro used to do it so with their little uh faces emoticons no no no no how
they would have like pick one game and have five people score it oh that was an egm thing
now yeah that was egm sorry which is basically for me too well game pro used to do um two
people back and forth but i liked i liked how you would have the main reviewer who would
go over the the major points in the game and then you'd have what everyone else thought
of it and the average score is this that's fair i'm sorry first off why does anyone give
a shit what cliffy b wants because cliffy b is a fucking douchebag that's what it comes
down to he is a fucking douchebag he thinks he's a goddamn rock star because he has a
few good games under his belt yeah great okay yeah epic games make some pretty cool shit
and you act like a fucking douchebag so wow your game got an eight on one website go fucking
cry in a corner then you little bitch it's it's interesting though because like if the
game is that good then the review shouldn't matter right well here's the thing then if
you're so you know hard up on you know getting an 8.0 and stuff fine why don't you blacklist
eurogamer then if you're gonna take the high ground with that well my game was better i
thought so because i made it yeah you know what i bet people that thought you know i
bet the people that worked hard on duke nukem forever thought it was a great game too you
know you don't see them fucking crying the number one movie at the box office every year
is rarely the most well reviewed think about that because a lot of people have no taste
no he is a fucking douchebag plain and simple i don't really know the guy and i don't watch
a lot of television which we talked about earlier video game related stuff so i don't
know i i saw him once at e3 doing a demo i think at the first years of war game like
a long time ago he seemed fine to me whatever i don't i don't got a problem come on but
i i don't think an eight out of ten makes somebody a hater i understand you know if
i understand he's passionate about his game that's fine but you know what if i made a
fucking game and one site reviewed it you know a point lower than everybody else i wouldn't
care i'd be like okay that's their opinion fine you know what if everybody rated it like
a one or something like that or if like they came out and said i fucking hate the gears
war series so i'm going to give it a one out of ten or something like that then yeah he
could be pissed off but eight out of ten is just fine i don't understand what the big
deal is well it was like when the websites were giving final fantasy 13 of four out of
ten i was like okay these are the websites i can't trust their reviews ever again because
they're smoking crack over there they don't like the same games i like clearly remember
there were multiple websites that were bombing final fantasy 13 because it was too linear
but but i obviously didn't play uh far enough to find out when the game opens with the same
time though yes that's fine and it's up to the people reading i mean if you're dumb enough
to just go okay well this guy didn't like the game so i'm not gonna like it well yes
if he likes a similar type of games that you like and he didn't like it then yes but if
you're a gamer that's like well listen you can get a nine out of ten i can't buy this
game i'm sorry i don't think there's anyone out there that's like that if you're gonna
buy years of work because you like years of war it's not because someone gave it an eight
or nine out of ten and i think eight out of ten is just fine but the fact that he just
went out there and said wow eight out of ten that's what makes him a douchebag i'm sorry
tiger claw in our chat room at chat.org says you should never base your views on a game
based on a game review you play these games with an open mind and form your own opinion
about it i'm mostly inclined to agree with that statement and in theory that's a really
good statement but the only thing is that games cost 60 and if you're on the fence about
a game you gotta go off something i prefer that to be hands-on experience be it game
rental or game kiosk or something i mean usually i only drop 60 on a game on launch day because
i've either a played it at a trade show or b really liked other games in the series so
i've got to get it like civ 5 i bought right when it came out because i like the other
civ games skyrim i will buy day one because it's an elder scrolls game i've seen all the
stuff online i don't think it's going to disappoint me but games i'm on the fence about yeah maybe
i want to see some reviews on before i spend the money on it you know but i also think
the out of 10 system is kind of screwy anyway i just like if i were to review games i don't
write a lot of game reviews because i think i'm a better talker than i am a writer but
like if i were to do reviews like this like well we here on this even show we talk about
our gaming weeks we don't really give games scores uh i just kind of like to summarize
in a couple sentences you'll like this game if you like japanese rpgs otherwise maybe
and then sometimes there's a game where it's like wow i don't care what type of games you're
into you've got to check this out because it is doing something that no other game does
you know what i mean like i think that is the best way to sum up a game i think that's
more fair but the typical person wants to just say oh too long didn't read you can't
translate that into a metacritic score right so there you go all right anyhow i just wanted
to talk reviews for a little bit thought that would be a fun little tangent i'm gonna read
it seven out of ten are you going on a metacritic to read it seven i would know i was just gonna
see i want to see what the actual lowest review is on oh critic for sure i just want to see
if you know if anybody bombed it worse than eurogamer destructoid gave it an eight out
of ten as well do you do they well hold on it's metacritic is calling it an 80 but i
don't know destructories review scale that could also be four out of five stars could
be an eight okay that's still four out of five it's not five out of five or four and
a half out of five that's still 80 well you know what i have a friend who basically like
whenever you know we talk about a movie or something he's always talking about oh well
rotten tomatoes rated this and blah blah i'm like yeah but what did they say about the
movie what did they say about the acting what did they say about this because i don't really
give a crap what the score is i care what the part vinny and you know me i like your
movies that people have blasted if there's fun parts in them i'll watch the movie again
i'll go see it again i don't care because i enjoyed it my favorite movies are like stupid
movies like i like i like mystery science theater 3000 types of events that's why i
like showgirls so much showgirls is a terrible fucking movie but it is so much fun to watch
i know with friends well you remember my bachelorette party what did we watch barbarella in xanadu
i remember that that was great and then we went to the goth club that was great i think
that was the last time i went to the goth club that was the last time i went to good
time anyway well to that one anyway i went to the other ones let's move on let's move
on uh dark soccer you got a quick story for us and then release dates well basically um
microsoft is saying that um windows 8 will support xbox live but they're not really saying
anything else about games for windows live they're just basically like um uh they're
actual their spokesperson said and they quote we currently have nothing to announce beyond
the statement that major nelson posted on his blog so what i'm thinking is that you're
going to be able to manage your xbox live account and maybe some games will cross over
i think i could see some type of like messenger or video chat tie-in or skype or whatever
ultimate direction they go in i think just a way for like when you are signed into your
computer you are still within the xbox live network yeah what i'm wondering about is that
does this mean that you know they've talked about going more an app style direction with
windows 8 which you know obviously although you can use the classic you can you can but
they're calling like the desktop is like a type of app yeah saying it's weird but obviously
they're going that more apple route which you know is is not too surprising especially
because this runs on tablets but here's my question does that mean and i'm totally inferring
here but does that mean that apps will be run in microsoft points and maybe your points
are used across systems that would be very well that's how they did it with zoom i thought
zoom marketplace wasn't a all together it could yeah and it could but but at the same
time you know games for windows live or whatever ran in real dollars the my the xbox live does
use real dollars in one portion it's the uh uh buying the old games yeah uh games on demand
games on demand thank you it uses real dollars as opposed to the microsoft points so i could
go either way i don't know well and with points you know you're always gonna have leftover
you're gonna have an odd amount they've i think they've arranged it that way to where
you buy them you're gonna have some leftover well so if you want to get anything else you've
still got to have that not anymore actually not anymore uh they have changed the denominations
that you can buy uh yeah but depending on what you're buying you still i still find
myself left with like 80 points if you're buying you know if you're buying a card or
something like that where it's twenty dollar you know fifty dollar increments then yes
you may be left over stuff but they actually do have it now where you can buy 800 400 but
they want you to do that we're like oh i have 80 points in my account i i could get this
stupid little uh little hat for my avatar i never think of that i never think that you
don't but a lot of people do a lot of people do my only crazy purchase i ever did on playstation
network was dressing my character up like a hobo santa and i am still hobo santa in
home which i have not been to forever so probably dead hope santa at this point well and and
to be fair i did buy the taylor swift microphone for my avatar on xbox live actually the only
thing that i thought is i had leftover points and i bought one of the steampunk tops just
because i thought it was really cute so we've all been guilty of buying some stupid shit
online i hope santa is not free speaking of buying stupid shit let's travel around the
globe and talk about what games are coming out real soon uh today actually dragon quest
monsters joker 2 um out on the nintendo ds also kirby mass attack um on the nintendo
ds as well uh supremacy mma on playstation 3 and xbox 360 this week the touch and play
collection bunch of casual board games and stuff like that uh from nintendo ds uh frogger
3d on the 3ds um this week the 7.0 worthy gears of war 3 um coming out on xbox 360 this
week also in the limited and epic edition uh jewel time deluxe on nintendo ds girls
only on nintendo ds shimagami tensei persona fuck that i'm buying girls only just to be
ironic uh persona two innocent sin on the playstation portable um barbie jet set and
style on the we in ds see they have girl games um pinball hall of fame on the 3ds uh harvest
moon tale of two towns on the nintendo ds brenzburg pro bowling 3ds um for the 3ds uh
formula 1 2011 on playstation 3 and xbox 360 uh emily the strange strangress on nintendo
ds uh they're also re-releasing the elder scrolls forb living game of the year edition
on all three platforms playstation 3 xbox 360 and pc um and that's it all right let's
travel to japan and look at some of the releases over there on the xbox 360 on september 22nd
they get their own version of gears of war 3 in regular and epic editions out there in
japan also coming out on the 22nd shadows of the damned makes its way there is a xbox
console pack that comes with gears of war 3 if you want to get a limited edition elite
console that is all coming out in japan this week as well as champion jockey g1 jockey
and gallup racer because they love horsey racing games over in japan uh going to the
playstation 3 i imagine you'll see a lot of similar things yes you get champion jockey
there too um but no gears of war obviously because that's a microsoft thing but in japan
you do get dark souls comes out also ico and the shadow of the colossus those are coming
out there and shadow of the dam comes out on the playstation as well as well as a game
called two heart two dx plus two heart is a um anime series ah well this is the sequel
uh dx uh that's regular and limited edition coming out from aqua plus so there you go
there's a lot of games coming out on playstation 3 this week in japan um going over to some
of the other consoles i want to look at the handhelds and nintendo um obviously we're
not going to have anything on vita till december but on the sony psp monster hunter portable
third goes into the best collection uh buso shinky battle masters mk2 comes out in japan
as well as yugioh 5ds tag force 6 all comes out this week can i take this opportunity
to say as well because one of the titles kind of made me think of this one of the vita games
they showed in the little i'm sorry 3ds games not vita 3ds games they showed at nintendo's
little event for like half a second that got me really excited this is a really underrated
series cold sept is coming out of the 3ds that's that's that card game that's kind of
like it's like monopoly meets magic the gathering yeah i like that game a lot and it's coming
out on 3ds just saying anyway sorry not this week though that's a ways off i just was reminded
of it reading these dates uh on the we this week a biohazard chronicles value pack that
comes with umbrella chronicles and dark side chronicles these are resident evil games of
course they call them biohazard over there in japan uh on the 3ds this week loki's favorite
frogger 3d comes out on the 3ds this week if you don't like that maybe you'll like senran
kagura shujo tachi no shinae comes out this week which is a i don't know what is this
little schoolgirls partying in 3d that's pretty much what it is aren't they all alright uh
and i think that's it yes that's it so let's go to europe in europe we have games and starting
on when does the week start again oh yeah today um starting on the 20th we have burnout
crash on 360 and playstation 3 fallout new vegas lonesome road on pc xbox 360 and playstation
3 gears of war 3 and resident evil revival selection on the 21st we have rotastic and
the 23rd we have supremacy mma f1 uh 2011 and uh that's it all right just a few more
stories before you guys before we get to the classic game of the week but first loki yes
um i think we talked a little bit about it last week how there was a cable company in
canada that was actually throttling uh internet speeds with uh gaming on them and it's actually
a little bit of a follow-up to that they've uh the canadian radio and television telecommunications
commission that's a mouthful uh cited that rogers own policy which claims that the online
games like world of warcraft um should not be throttled and telling the company has now
until september 27th to present a plan that keeps world of warcraft traffic and that of
other games unthrottled so i guess that's good news for canada wish uh wish we had people
that actually had power over here in the united states to do that kind of thing because internet
cable companies are running like crazy and pretty much have full power to throttle over
the fuck they want well they got the smackdown so that's a good little follow-up to what
we were talking about last week hooray yeah all right i want to talk about this this is
uh also in foreign country news this is about australia and one of the retailers they are
game australia they have a new customer rewards card uh and it's kind of interesting because
what the hell is this you use your fingers in place of naughty bits for example imagine
there's a guy standing on the card looking down towards his crotch and there's a hole
there for you to put your finger through and you can make it a little winky or you could
put two fingers through as you could hear on this little card and have a butt clearly
this is all just to be provocative and i'm kind of surprised no one over here has tried
this yet just getting people talking and so forth uh really that that's really all there
is to it it's just you know to you know look like a wiener and so forth however it is drawing
complaints of course not everybody likes this how dare you use two fingers to look like
a butt in the cutout of the card uh complaints have been filed with the accc that is the
australian competition and consumer commission game has not acknowledged or commented on
these complaints uh when questioned about these cards they just talk about how great
the reward programs is and all the stuff that they can get back we've decided to relaunch
the reward card program with its extra benefits blah blah blah blah blah and your finger's
a wiener no they haven't said anything about that of course i will say this there is that
kind of hidden you know undertone and that is when the major media reports on this it
just makes gamers look like a bunch of immature assholes of course you said ass and hole remember
the wiener is you all right a winner is you right now because right now we're going to
go through the gaming archives and find a classic game of the week every week dark sakura
dives into the gaming vault and pulls out a game that she thinks hey you kids need to
show this game more respect screw the vita and screw the 3ds back in my day this game
was the bee's knees dark sakura i can make better boobs in chat than kevin68 can seriously
that's right a lot better chat um the today's game is the sims
yes the sims the game that started it on while we're all playing that stupid game on facebook
um basically the sims is uh a game is this actual game noises sorry yes that's actual game noises
and they're playing in a fast four which is like the best one i can find okay but it's a
life simulation game pretty much it's um was uh designed by will wright which you know what else
he did sim city so basically you can control and spore you can control your little sim person or
some people or sim family in their little lives and suburbs and so uh that's really the game but
it's on all kinds of expansion packs and stuff and now we're on the sims 3 which i've been playing
so basically the way that your sim let's just say that you've got one sim you may
name him you know bob the sim or something so they've got you've got npc's and you've got your
actual sim and your sim can interact with the npc's and get married you eventually will be able to
control the sim that they marry blah blah but you have different stages of life you can make an
you have an infant a child and an adult and that's just in the sims um babies will grow into children
and children and adults never age so that means that they can stay in their little lifespan
indefinitely but they can die from different stuff like burning to death drowning in a pool
starving dying from disease and the grim reaper will come and take them away but you have to win
against them in rock paper scissors um or you will actually die your sim will actually die and
stay dead and your tombstone will show up i like in sims 3 how you know if you kill a sim they'll
just start haunting the house it's pretty awesome anyway um you've got uh live mode which is uh
where you do all your you know your gameplay and then you have build and buy mode where build mode
is where you build your house you start off with 20 000 simoleons which is their uh uh money system
and you've got buy mode where you can buy house parts and do stuff so in your lives your sims do
have a little bit of free will they can you know autonomously do stuff you can control i think the
level of their free will and but basically you still have to make them pee you have to
make them find a job and pay their bills and work out and you know make babies and shit
but basically you go make a baby i thought it was funny um because this actually mentions
that their system of needs follow maslow's hierarchy of needs in which the physiological
needs must be satisfied before other needs can be attended to so you know they they'll piss it you
know they'll piss on the floor if you know you don't tell them to go to the bathroom or if like
you forget to build a toilet which i had a friend do or if they don't eat they'll die of starvation
so they're and their needs their physical needs are what govern their mood so the the more that
their needs are taken care of the better mood that they'll be in i've got needs or for example
if you're playing um the the sim social you know how you don't get inspired until all your needs
are in the green same diff then you'll be happy i'm thinking i'm done with sim social and i'm
gonna block it on facebook i don't like it i like my house i hate the spammy spam like it's getting
bad yeah like there's a little do you need to put a feedback window where you can leave them
feedback about oh really not liking any of that so you might want to try to leave i got feedback
block well anyway so basically it's kind of like an artificial life program if you look at it in
that respect and you can keep playing and playing and like i used to in the first things i used to
just kill people all the time and um my friend had a great everybody did that with the sims
at first you have to create creative death traps for your sims like it's just it's a way of getting
out stress well one of my friends actually had what she called the house of death and like it
was all kinds of ways that you know they could set themselves on fire and things and she had
a graveyard in front of the house it was it was julius house dan i'm sure you remember that um so
basically um now if with your kids you can they can study at home and keep their grades up but
if they miss too many school days they are transported to a military academy indefinitely
and they can't um prepare food or earn money so basically they're useless children are useless
so i mean basically your sims can fight with other sims they do stuff and they can actually be uh
locked into an undead state by keeping them from leaving the hot tub or the bed and so they'll like
keep interacting with other people but they won't be able to leave they can't even they don't they
don't die they're just undead so basically um in the first sims it actually did use a combination
of 2d and 3d the sims themselves are 3d but everything in it are pre-rendered so the game
clearly has been a success it uh sold more than 6.3 million copies worldwide and as of uh
as of february 7 2005 had 16 million copies shipped worldwide and of course it's been highly
pirated and um the music in the game was done by jerry martin mark russo kirk r casey and dicks
bruce and these people have actually i think gone through and done all the other sim music so you
can actually buy soundtracks of all the sim music and it's got its own little unique perky little
style you know it's cute now this is the part that i am interested in in particular is simlish
which they wanted to avoid a way to um they wanted to avoid localization of spoken dialogue
so the best way for them to do it was to create a language now simlish can i play some of the songs
in simlish because they're really bad find find the lily allen one find the one for smile because
it was actually really cute and the video is adorable um is that it yes there's an elifertado
one by the way
this kind of reminds me of uh kids bop i don't know why the nelifertado was actually kind of cool
too baby language bop well the whole point was with simlish oh and didn't katie perry did yeah
i was gonna say here here's one for uh salacious pop who i know is a huge fan of this artist
it's funny that's why you hear when it hears the song if you play it backwards it's devil's speak
and that's why she's popular listen she's listen play it backwards she's saying that she killed
michael jackson to get that record but actually these little videos that they did for him were
really cute anyway anyway simlish is really a bunch of gibberish but um they were gonna actually
base it they created it by experimenting with ukrainian french and tagalog and he wanted to
base it off of navajo but instead just went for gibberish that sounds like the same inflections
that you'd hear in everyday speech they really got those bitches to sing in a baby language
pretty much i was watching how did somebody convince katie perry that's a good idea
cha-ching you like money bitch right here's some money there was a special about it um i watched
like one of the behind the scenes for the sims 3 about them recording some of the songs in simlish
and basically they are just nonsensical things that fit the phrasing of the original song
and they're like you know it was kind of fun and you know it's kind of neat to see the sim version
of me and you know so like besides being paid i've seen a lot about the songs that i've seen
besides being paid i've seen a lot amounts of money you know they said it was fun they just
showed what the lyric sheet looked like and it was all me my moo my mama me horgy wow you know
whatever they say in sim simlish but um the different expansions were living large
house party hot date vacation unleashed superstar superstar and making magic which was the last one
and then sims 2 came out and then we have sims 3 now and honestly i think sims 2 was kind of better
than sims 3 but i really like sims 3 except it's so fucking slow ah but now keep in mind there's
also a ton of mods out there in fact i think maxis really doesn't give a shit about the modding
community i mean they've tried they say oh people want special stuff so they've got their own sim
store and everything now but really the modding community is just crazy and there's even like
special modding tools now for for like universe makers and they've released their own custom
universe maker and since too they had um custom build the fucking universe they had a custom sims
maker where you could try on skins and different things and really just do all kinds of neat stuff
to them and now like in sims 3 you can adjust their boob size there's there's um uh model
modifiers built in like you could even change all kinds of features on their face and everything
but people have gone further and made boob modifiers and butt modifiers and hip modifiers and
there's even um elven ear modifiers where you can give them a combination between
tulcan style elven ears and wow style elven ears or you can just get really huge dumbo ears so
it's just you can farm you can and now the first thing that i did whenever uh in sims 3 now
whenever i just you know met some random person and ended up marrying them like um they my sim
that was carrying around like a relationship with five girls and two dudes like for some time
finally ended up marrying some girl sim slut so it's finally ended up marrying some girl except
her model was like really crappy so you can actually go into uh um the the stylist mode
are you saying you bought your wife a ton of plastic surgery yes i did yes i did i made my
wife look not not because honestly the original sim faces and since they were really derpy
so and now there's all kinds of special skins and hairs and stuff that doesn't look too derpy
and but anyway the first sims is what started it all and i played a good bit of that and i played
a lot of sims 2 because sims 2 was the one where they figured out how to crack the animation code
and started having dirty things like you could buy dildos and a rug that had like you know
butt sex animation and all kinds of stuff well this is a well-timed classic game of the week
because you know the sims is or was like the biggest pc game ever it might have got beat by
world of warcraft eventually i don't know or one of the blizzard games but uh the sims is still
in a huge huge pc game and obviously with the sim social now being like a huge facebook game
despite the fact that that thing spams the shit out of all your friends with all facebook
it is topical to make sure you know where that comes from well i'm sure everybody has that story
about you know terrorizing sims now here's actually a little um bit of news that i just
found out i wasn't aware of on may 25th 2007 there's a sims film rights were purchased by
twin the century fox being written by brian lynch what the fuck would you do in a sims movie i don't
know a movie about life everyone's walking around with a little plumb bob over their head which is
unless it's like a cartoon or something and the original sim site by max has been disconnected
for 11 years and is now replaced by the sims 3 site all right is that it on sims that's it
there it is your classic game of the week pork me do the sims pork me do by maxis for the pcl though
now it's it's all ea it's all part of that big you know glomerate so that's going to do it for
uh part a here of orange launch radio but don't go anywhere guys we got plenty more coming in part b
we're going to talk a little bit about a new tablet coming out this very interesting something
that microsoft's launching at the end of the year and somebody whining about second hand sales of
course the fus of the week your calls rapid fire news and much more when we come back with more
of orange lounge radio welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we are live on this september
the 18th of 2011 with the 428th episode of our program we've had a pretty fun part a so far
talking about the latest in 3ds as well as vita and reviews and gosh there's a bunch of stuff in
part a tonight so let's see if part b will be as much fun don't forget your phone calls coming up
later in the show at 1877 game olr or our username on skype orange lounge radio we're also going to
get to those emails at mailbag at orange launch trader dot com and and and twitter topics twitter
dot com slash olr so if you want to get in your twitter topics now would be a great time it's kind
of kind of looking a little thin on twitter right now i guess still everybody's being distracted by
the emmys emails pretty thin too let me just spoil it for you modern family won everything
at least that's what i heard i don't know i didn't really read up it's a funny show though
i guess if you're gonna watch something all right let's get into some rapid fire news loki
uh saints row the third of course um you know it was being shown at toku game show you know really
it's a game that's kind of more for western audiences but one man uh in particular though
in japan uh is very interested in the series and he's kind of crazy himself uh tomanobu
itigaki you may remember him as uh the uh driving force between and uh team ninja and uh you know
the uh dead or live series and you guys and now his new game the devil's third um he just has
awesome written on his forehead exactly he's one of those guys he is a japanese rock star
um and he's also in saints row the third as a playable character so that's pretty awesome
didn't really say god they just keep shoving more and more in this game don't they didn't really see
who who his character is but uh he apparently took control of his character um and was punching
people in the crotch so why not gotta love it um so that's pretty sweet uh some other cool stuff
uh was being shown off at toku game show project draco and what uh project draco is it's kind of
like a spiritual successor or inspired by panzer dragoon game and it's gonna be a connect title
it's gonna be coming out on xbox live arcade and um looks pretty cool very very much like
uh panzer dragon based on the video that i've seen for it so um very very cool and then um
this is kind of neat they've done a remake of smash brothers called super smash land not
nintendo not nintendo they is no no no no no uh this guy named uh dan fornis um he put out super
smash land features 11 different stages six brawlers including mega man uh classic arcade
mode and multiplayer up to four people and uh they also have i guess a polygon team style endless
mode as well with online leaderboards so you can go check out the full game they have it um
available to download as well over at uh it's a pixie geek or a picky geek i guess um geek dot
pikimol.com p-i-k-i-m-a-l.com and uh should be one of the get it now before the season
does yes exactly and it is done in the style of the gameboy so you know all that monochrome grayish
green i guess um so it's kind of let's try to get that chat to the uh to the um chat room as
well as the tumblr which i keep forgetting to plug but uh it is there at orangeandre.com there's a
link on the left side uh called uh extended play there is a link to our tumblr orangeandreo.tumblr.com
because we're hipster as hell and have a tumblr oh that's it for your news too isn't it let me
get to my rapid fire news rock band yay rock band nirvana has a bunch of songs coming out in rock
band this week heart-shaped box rape me well that's a family-friendly song all apologies and
you know you're right are all coming out those are actually some really big nirvana songs so
that's that's pretty cool it's a celebration of the 20th anniversary of nirvana's nevermind album
although it's weird because none of those tracks were actually on nevermind but if i'm not mistaken
nevermind that whole album was already released into rock band some time ago maybe for the
15th or something i don't know they are doing pro guitar and bass upgrades for plenty of nirvana
songs including smells like teen spirit the live lithium and come as you are live all those are
getting upgrades there's like actually like 10 songs getting upgrades so you can use all three
chords if you if you are a nirvana fan uh you're gonna have a happy week in rock band this week
uh i heard uh i heard dark soccer give a little squee at this next story uh if you are a fan of
capcom fighters one of the missing ones is coming out on the playstation store cyberbots full metal
madness don't you know cyber bosses capcom's number one game really that's a quote from
uh puzzle fighter oh from devilot that's right all right there you go uh so anyway uh that is
coming out on the uh playstation store is that coming out in america too or just just japan
well i imagine it'll probably come out in both time to hook up the saturn i think it's coming
out in the us as well so if you uh like your capcom fighters that's gonna be a pretty big
deal it's not like they have a lot of japanese change in it uh tokyo game show produced from
square enix this music sampler it's the music sampler cd 2011 volume 6 it might have spoiled
some of the upcoming cd releases from squenix now you know there's going to be a final fantasy 13 2
soundtrack of the final fantasy type 0 soundtrack that's no surprise but the announced for the ds
bravely default yes that was a name of a ds game that was announced 3ds game uh that is getting a
soundtrack apparently as well as is theta rhythm which isn't really a surprise either uh however
there's some interesting arranged music that has uh tracks on the sampler cd piano collections
final fantasy one two three an el shaddai remix album called el shaddai and the astral's that's
kind of interesting uh also uh i guess something called cafe sq which is supposed to be some type
of musical tribute to second at tetsu the 20th anniversary of that as well so pretty interesting
there that'll uh i guess we i think that's already being given out the sampler is being
given out at tokyo game show but the rest of those cds probably throughout the next couple quarters
moving on dark sakura i was actually i misquoted the line is what you don't recognize me cyber
boss is kalcom's number one game anyway 50 points from griffin door by me portal is free very very
free on steam until september 20th but go get it now because it's steam and portal and it's free
and very short it makes me throw up next up knights of the old republic is going down to
three pounds 50 pence on steam this weekend actually it's a whole half price on all the
star wars games and the same goes for the u.s only in dollars and cents and uh so if you want
to get your scrotor on go for it and just call it scrotor yes i did you're so mature i know right
batman arkham city will actually have another character in it deadshot ooh and he will be in
there to take out a series of high value targets so batman has to protect them and also other
characters in there are uh rock steady and joker hugo strange two-faced harley quinn riddler
poison ivy mr free penguin and the calendar man that's it that arkham city game is looking to be
pretty sweet i gotta say yes but rob a lot of fun what scrotor shut up all right uh definitely get
the free portal i mean it's it's free it's just obviously a draw to get more people on steam i
think everybody already got this like two years ago when it was free before when it came out on
mac yeah when steam for mac came out then portal came out for free but if for whatever reason you
just you've been resistant to steam or and you didn't get it last time or if somehow you're like
the one person that hasn't played portal yet you you really should just like try it like i'm not
just saying that it is a pretty fucking rad game it's really awesome it's super cool even if you
hate first-person shooters it's more of a puzzle game i don't like first-person shooters and i play
the hell out of portal 2 yeah yeah and portal 2 is so fucking good i know uh before we get back
into some long form news i want to give a plug for this um i didn't talk about this at the
beginning of the show because i wanted you know the people that really stick with the show into a
uh who stick with it to really hear this um because you're gonna hear this on a lot of
podcasts over the next few weeks it's that time of year where the podcast awards are coming around
and i'm i'm always kind of on the fence about this like i don't like that it's like a gigantic
popularity contest it was a lot more fun the first year and i'm not just saying that because we won
although you know obviously that that helped uh but it was more about like independent
shows then like it seriously seemed like all of the independent independent video game podcast
that existed at the time this is a long time ago uh this is like six years ago were nominated that
year um i don't think we've been nominated since and let's be real as much as i don't like that
it's a popularity contest and you hear about this on every single show it is really good exposure
for the show and kind of helps us stand out in a very crowded field of uh podcasts if we do get
nominated and possibly win i would really just i mean we've won before so it's cool as long as
some independent podcast wins i think that's really important and uh i don't want to see
a bunch of corporate funded paid for commercialized podcasts get nominated so
i'm gonna just kind of bite the bullet and ask would you consider nominating orange lounge radio
for best gaming podcast it's www.podcastawards.com i believe nominations are open until like the
30th so not too much longer this is probably the only time you're going to hear us mention on the
show please if you like the show it's free we don't shove commercials down your throat just
help us get this exposure it's all we really ask head over to podcastawards.com and please consider
nominating us for best gaming podcast um you can only nominate the show in like one category you
maybe can do best produced as well yeah i'm not i i don't even have delusions that we would get
nominated in those categories yeah right so i don't well somehow many years ago we got nominated for
best of life 365 best station well i know how we did it it's because our fans are awesome and
because not a lot of life 365 stations had rabid fan bases like ours we may not have thousands of
listeners we have loyal listeners and that is that is an awesome feeling above all else like
even if we don't get nominated oh wells you know we still have you guys that turn up on sunday
nights and then download our podcast every week that makes it worthwhile but i'm just gonna say
if you like the show help us get the exposure get us the nomination we'll go to the stinking
ceremony maybe adam curry will be there again dark soccer went to the first award ceremony
what is it to that she has the award sitting up on the desk yeah 2005 podcast awards for
i'll put the picture up on to go addition with uh next to and you saw adam curry's hair right
oh your mic just literally fell apart live on air that's why we're not going to get nominated folks
yes he had he had um the rock star type hair you know like the bon jovi style hair you know where
they did have really long bushy 80s hair and then got it cut into that 90s cut he had that
uh and uh let's see oh brad from pod cultures in the chat saying i don't mess with the podcast
awards we don't stand a chance well then i'll then i'll say go nominate pod culture for best
sci-fi is there like a sci-fi category there's got to be right there's got to be like a fandom
or sci-fi category go dominate pod culture for that i would say nominate bobby but he would be
he would be kind of competition so he would if he gets nominated we don't definitely vote for him
uh no you know what nominate bobby for best produced because he's a one-man band and he works
his ass off every week to do and he's juggling his whole little drum thing that he does with the
football nfl with his show so nominate him for best produced we don't we just we just want people
more people to hear about our show because we can't afford to advertise in magazines and all
that good stuff so podcastwords.com nominate us for best gaming podcast nominate us only once
it's uploading oh the award we won with unpun man awesome it would be it'd also be kind of neat like
i gotta say i'm not gonna lie be kind of neat to have won that award like in 2005 and then like if
we get nominated again if big if i don't think any other show maybe certainly no other gaming shows
could claim that they've been nominated that many years apart yeah i don't know maybe what other
shows from back then are still going i think video game news radio is probably the only one
i think they're still going i think they're still live or they're not live on all games they do the
tape thing on all games so maybe they they could get in there too which would be cool i'd be happy
for them it's another indie show those guys work hard yeah so as long as an indie show wins at the
end of the day i'm happy but if freaking blank blank blank corporate website wins i'm not going
to be happy so let's at least push some indie to the top okay i've said last year
i think it was four player podcast which i think actually um i i see some of them on twitter so
they are an indie thing i think they're like a justin tv related thing they do a lot with that
stuff which we used to do the video broadcast but they've taken it all to the next level i
think they were the ones that won last year so that that is definitely an indie show as well
and and if they win it again good on them good for them all right let's move on though more
gaming news i don't want to talk about that anymore i've given it far too much time loki uh
yes um so let's talk about gamestop you know how they have their streaming service coming
um well we know that because the whole whole debacle with uh you know deus x and that kind
of stuff but uh there's a little bit more to that as well um they've announced that they're
going to be doing some sort of uh android branded tablet or i guess there'll be an android tablet
that's gamestop branded that's going to be a pair to the dedicated controller peripheral that's
going to be coming out later next year and the thought is that the device will support i guess
mobile apps and the goals allow full streaming of release titles to the tablet kind of like on live
or something like that very interesting and very unsettling creepy to me but yeah fine if you want
to release a tablet that's fine it's more power to you but at the same time the tablet market is
pretty crowded so i'll pass thanks exactly that's that's pretty much what i have to say on that i
just pass i i don't know i i think it's gonna be difficult for them to do that but they want to try
fine dart has to be in our chat room at chat.org saying you're not supposed to say the name of the
company whatever you know you know how we feel all right uh moving on to some other gaming news
or actually this isn't really gaming per se but it's certainly that uh gaming device that you use
for gaming that's sitting in your living room that's soon going to be your entertainment device
if it's not already microsoft is launching a tv service for the xbox 360 this holiday season you
kind of already knew that via e3 but it was confirmed by microsoft ceo steve balmer at a
financial analyst meeting that happened this past week microsoft is working with quote dozens or
hundreds of additional video content suppliers how to dozens or hundreds what how does that even work
well whatever um xbox tv is going to use the connect it's going to use bing and all that stuff
you know like you were seeing in that demo at e3 uh and uh yeah it's there's a big difference
between dozens and hundreds there is a big difference between dozens and hundreds there
you know working with one or a million somewhere between that i guess it's probably hard because
they don't have a lot confirmed right now but i wonder if this is like xbox's kind of way to take
a jab at netflix while they're down which is interesting because netflix is a big it's weird
because netflix is a big part of the 360 right now anyway but a lot of you know netflix has
really had a hard past couple months and it's just going to get worse for them when they lose stars
so yeah their stock is tumbling if microsoft pays out the anus to get all these agreements that
netflix is losing it could be the thing to have i don't know it's gonna be interesting so wonder
if their service is really popular if they just drop netflix you never know it's possible so is
there any interest in um um a microsoft tv network i'd check it out i mean if it's gonna be included
as part of my gold subscription then sure hell yeah free tv i especially if they have on-demand
stuff even if it's commercials if i get it for free i'm fine i get limited cable now fucking
fx i don't get that anymore because they're paying for limited cable and actually at my
box as an error right now so i don't get any on demand whatsoever um so yeah i look forward to
anything free i'll cancel cable again i would even just be happy if i could watch like shows
that are on cbs just later when i want not have to go on to cbs.com but like watch it in hd on my tv
i would really like that like just being able to watch survivor like the next day because wednesday
nights are raid nights so i can't watch survivor live shut up don't judge me uh cinderwolf is in
our chat room at chat.orangeandre.com a proud canadian because uh he's saying and canada gets
short changed again as we have been with the internet tv feature included within windows
media center well hasn't this similar feature been out in like europe and britain specifically
for some time like the sky tv arrangement or is this like is this even beyond that like this is
just a step further where microsoft is now like trying to be the cable provider they're going a
little further because before like i've heard a bunch of things i've heard one they're talking
about working with your own cable con like basically it would be like a portal to the
on-demand content that you have with whatever cable provider they have um to that they are
going to be the content provider for all that stuff i would prefer the latter because you know
i if i want to watch on demand stuff i can just do it through my tv you know if if we're talking
about my cable provider if you know i i rather be microsoft's own content you know some original
shows be nice or you know i or just one versus 100 coming back i'm never gonna let up on that
um but i think canada will probably get it eventually but you're you the way of thinking
is probably right because there's a follow-up comment here cinderwolf says content will be
extremely changed and limited compared to us tv available online sadly he's probably right
is that canada will probably get it eventually so will mexico so we'll you know wherever else
xbox does business yeah whatever you saw tech tv so stop bitching so i will swap you you can have
all the crappy content that we have here and i'll take tech tv that would you know it would be kind
of cool if it would work the other way and we could get some canadian shows here like oh yeah
they get because of the content laws up there they get a lot of localized versions of shows too like
they have uh or they had so you think you can dance canada they had canadian idol and all that
stuff i don't think they have a lot of these shows anymore and but uh i don't know it might be fun to
watch like tech tv and stuff there's many countries that have their own version of the office so that
would be kind of oh yeah yeah be fun all right anyhow let's move on with some more gaming news
dark sakura actually no i lied she's gonna go to the mail bag oops i'm on it tonight yay rob mail
bag best produced show that's right for your consideration best produced mailbag at orange
lounge radio.com is where you guys send this email every week dark sakura dives into the email bag
and pulls out her favorites head first unless there's not a lot to pick from we have one one
email yay from holly d most popular podcast apparently mailbag orange lounge radio this is
tiloki you have the same birthday as my puppy she just turned one smile face happy birthday i will
live longer than your puppy oh my god what a rude thing to say you apologize right now to that poor
puppy it's just well actually no that's not fact because i eat like crap so i'm sorry puppy
congratulations on your ego much better how about you just say thank you thank you god here i am
fucking begging for votes in the podcast war and you're like hey your puppy's gonna die
i didn't say it's gonna die i just said i'd live longer so it's like if it's a parrot you know
might live longer than me
being gadget show won best production last year and i won oh yeah we we could we could beat them
no problem mailbag orange launch rated.com if you want to be insulted by one of the hosts
send us an email we'd really appreciate it uh we always like to follow up the email bag
with the f us of the week it's time to get ranty rawr hold on i just gotta read some comments from
chat real quick though because it's so fucking chat no kidding salacious pop says the puppy is
better at not piddling on the rug though uh brad says from pod culture says gonna burn in the
special hell for that one and randy says ah poor holly so holly you got fans in chat they got your
back i don't really i love puppies that's what the hell you do all right you're a cat owner
all right yeah i have a cat i i was a previous dog owner since i'm a realist and i understand
how much work it takes to have a cat versus having a dog dogs are awesome but dogs actually
need work to keep them clean and fed and stuff like that cats are cats are awesome and they'll
wake your baby yes they will except shermy who doesn't give a shit all right sorry tangent
i can't believe fuck you to my headache that is now trying to come back and the increasing volume
in this room we don't know how to use our inside voices on olr no we don't this isn't my inside
voice uh low-key here i'm using the week uh fuck you to the woman driving a 4gt car with the
license plate this is the best part right here the license plate said accelerate love to great
advice you should take it yourself because you're driving 30 miles an hour in a 45 you're an old
woman maybe that accelerate love to you but i'm an old bat so i can't do that so yeah fuck you
oh yeah and by the way the topper of all that she turned into the bingo parking lot so yeah
she was going to bingo nice nice awesome uh my fu of the week goes to stuff i don't i don't want
to talk about it so stuff my fu of the week goes to vagueness that's right vagueness i'm being vague
i don't know how i feel about that rob that's right neither do i so let's get back into the
show get some more news out we'll get the twitter topics and skype line coming very soon
but first loki yeah we talked a little bit earlier part a about yeah developers bitching and moaning
about their games and how they're treated poor poor my 8 8.0 what'd you get at nine well there's
a different person um bitching now quadratic dreams co-founder i'm not even trying to pronounce
his name some french guy anyways uh he estimates that the studio lost between um five and ten
million euro um due to second-hand sales um basically we sold today approximately two
million units we know from the trophy system that probably three more than three million people uh
bought the game and played it um a small level it's a million people playing the game without
giving me one cent too fucking bad is what i say to that what about the rentals or friends loaning
their copies to other friends or multiple psn accounts on the same playstation or you know
too fucking bad is what i say i i don't care you know what that's that's a fact of any business out
there there's going to be a second-hand market for it cars appliances electronics movies games
furniture whatever you suck it up that's part of the economy is that there's going to be secondhand
sales and if you try to prevent it no one's gonna buy your product first hand make an awesome game
that people want to buy day one you know what i mean heavy rain although heavy rain is a pretty
good game heavy rain is all right but it's you know people get how much replayability is there
really with heavy rain i mean it's a pretty linear game once you're done the thing you know it's like
watching a movie i mean once you've seen it so many times unless you're a super fan of the movie
you can probably get rid of it and be fine um you know and his other comment is all now uh are games
too expensive i've always said the games are probably too expensive so there's probably a
right level here to find and we need to discuss this all together and try to find a way that i
would i would say reconcile consumer expectations retail expectations but also the expectations of
the publishers and developers who make this business uh worthwhile business
but once again though i i don't feel bad for you that your game sold used too fucking bad
where all the other publishers bitching about secondhand sales you know from their games
suck it up hey you know what you sold a couple million copies people are interested maybe that's
better than most games do if you know if you have three million people play your game and you
release a sequel maybe they'll those three million people will buy it new instead of buying it used
but you know what there's always gonna be people buying your game used and i think that's a good
thing because at least they're buying your game or interested in your product and they may become
fans of your publishing comp or your you know development house or whatever and let me see hey
there's a game that i may be more interested in purchasing new and it's by this you know development
house yeah maybe i'm gonna go buy it um but you know i i just this type of mind frame and stuff
it just to me it seems like the next step is oh i'm gonna try to find a way to prevent the
secondhand sales and then that's where we getting the whole other problems but it's not gonna go
away all right well let's move on to a story about a game that maybe some folks would have bought
new i know a lot of people bought it new over here or put out more dlc because then those people
about you way to ruin my transition can buy the dlc i think there is dlc for heavy rain isn't it
put more all right anyhow let's talk about uh rock band in japan i didn't know this that harmonix
was uh teaming up with q entertainment back in 2008 to actually put rock band out in japan but
it didn't happen uh q entertainment actually walked away from it now apparently um harmonix
uh didn't end up ever putting the game out in japan uh they said that they were i guess there's
been questions that have come up at tokyo game show this week and so forth because you know they
did put out dance central which is uh also you know coming out in japan uh dance central too and
in an interview this week they were saying that they were very much interested in bringing the
experience to the japanese market but there were just some challenges a lot of it had to do with
the fact that you know trying to get all those plastic peripherals to an island country i guess
proved difficult just the fact that people have smaller homes and all that stuff of course i kind
of go well what about like guitar hero and or excuse me uh guitar freaks and drum freaks and
all that um harmonix i guess at one point was looking at arcades as a way to do it but they
said that arcades are very very noisy and if you're trying to make something that's really a
musical experience it uh and you've got 37 other arcade machines all turned up to full volume it
kind of impairs the musicality of the experience um i don't know konami's done pretty well at least
in the past didn't guitar you see i thought that rock band always had come out in japan but i guess
not i guess it was guitar hero did guitar hero came out over there they got the exact same game
we got you see here's the answer to that you know if it's louder you put more speakers in your
cabinet that's it so it's louder that's right more louder
there you go uh legend of zaku and chat says bullshit konami was trying to sue their ass
that's why i don't remember that wasn't the lawsuit lawsuit was never about harmonix wasn't
about activision i think it was activision i don't remember it's all been so long ago now
2008 that was like three years ago good lord all right uh dark soccer what do you got for us
just something about oblivion the european um oblivion fifth anniversary edition release date
in fact if anyone's interested it will be on september 23rd and it will be 20 pounds on ps3
and xbox 360 and 18 pounds on pc it's going to be the game of the year edition of oblivion which has
the download content add-ons shivering aisles and knights of the nine and in the box are the making
of oblivion dvd and a color map of the world and the shivering aisles so we've had the regular
oblivion that we had oblivion game of the year edition now we're having oblivion five years of
oblivion edition there's also a skyrim video thrown in oh okay and it's not going to have
the steelbook casing in europe but it will in the us i wonder if it's that same walkthrough video
that hit youtube this past week for skyrim that was a pretty good video no idea but people like
oblivion i didn't know that was in a steelbook case in the us i thought it was just re-released
with to be coming out and it's the anniversary edition is coming out in the steelbook case
in the u.s in the u.s but it's already come out in the u.s it came out back in july
actually in the june maybe this is a new new one yeah fifth anniversary edition it was the fifth
anniversary huh well it said it had the steelbook case in the u.s whatever um maybe it did i i
bought the game like five years ago i'm not gonna buy it again just because they threw in some extra
shit well you get 10 bucks off uh skyrim if you buy the game too i mean if you haven't played it
you know that's good oh yeah if you've never played oblivion it's worth checking out it is i mean
it's not like a job it's not fucking final fantasy it is not final fantasy but it is it's well way
more fallout but i always say fallout is more oblivion i don't know it's just it's so different
it's like that first person it plays much more like an older pc rpg like it's more ultima than
it is final fantasy and that's that's still a stretch i don't know what else to say you can
punch sheep in the face that's right you can punch sheep in the face that's what i'll say
or let loki say for me you can join guilds and rob them blind all the fun stuff you can do in
oblivion some folks in chat are like wow oblivion's that old yeah that's the same reaction i had i was
like shit i remember when that came out it was delayed from the original xbox launch supposed
to be a launch title that didn't make it anyhow loki um grand theft auto it's a lot not a big
surprise um big game series the um fourth expansion grand theft auto 4 surpassed 22 million units
shipped and uh which brings the total for the entire franchise to 114 million units shipped
since 1997 that's pretty amazing and uh apparently surpassed uh san andreas uh san andreas sold 21.5
million units um and this of course 500 000 over that now we need our grand theft auto 5 announcement
anytime now please it'll be next year what causes i'm just let opening this wide up to you being a
rampant fanboy but i don't care why is this game so popular why is the grand theft auto series
do so well why is it like just such a huge important game in the industry it's basically
you know it's you know obviously it kind of came up with the whole sandbox gameplay basically
people buy the gameplay because you can do whatever you want it you can drive around be
a criminal and do all sorts of crazy stuff with cars um shooting people and then just you know
recently with the psp and then the you know grand theft auto 4 and uh the episodes from
liberty city and stuff you know the multiplayer has been pretty cool um not a lot of people play
multiplayer anymore but uh actually still quite a you know good community one it first launched and
stuff um but i mean it's just kind of going from there and you know they also have pretty good
storylines they go along with everything and you know their own brand of kind of parody for
everything so i think that's why they're pretty popular um sandress especially that was a great
game um and then of course the new one five is supposed to be kind of like at least taking place
in sandrais again so that'll be freaking awesome all right well i got one more news story for you
guys and then we're going to open up the skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or of course our username
on skype is orange lounge radio but this is a very important story because i've been waiting like
a year and a half maybe two years to report on this story and it's not that i'm like particularly
the biggest fan of this game but uh this just takes me back and uh thanks to the australian
classification board listing uh apparently an hd remake has been spotted of a certain racing game
guess what racing game uh derby owners club
oh
that's right daytona usa
and if it doesn't have this song in it fail absolutely do not purchase do not
purchase demand that the song be included you know that the lyrics are taken out for the
um sega racing classic no it's still the music but do you at least get the the doo doo doo doo doo
part yeah well that's the most important part right there i guess
uh so we don't know when the release date is but uh clearly it looks like something that's probably
going to come out for a xbox live arcade or playstation network something downloadable
because there already was like a sega racing game earlier this year right yeah and and i know that
there are no announcements and as far as i'm aware no plans whatsoever to bring this game to
uh consoles or portable systems but if you do a carmen san diego game
it's got to have the theme song from the game show i'm just saying
all right one more time before i open up the skyline just one just please one more
one more bit of daytona at least until a couple weeks when it gets confirmed
to have a release date then i can play the song again here we go
come on put up the horns
foreign
one eight seven seven game olr or you just name on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to
give us a call however i may make people sing the daytona theme song tonight we may
i may need our listeners to uh call in and give us at least a doo doo doo doo doo doo
a little bit no i don't know we'll see we'll see depends who you are if you're someone that calls
this show every week i'm going to make you sing one eight seven seven game olr or username on
skype is orange lounge radio give us a call and we will see what you have to say about we've had
a lot of topics tonight too especially between the vita and the 3ds i think there is plenty
to talk about tonight you can't say that there is nothing going on in the meantime we should uh pay
a visit to our twitter and look at the twitter topics and see what else you guys have uh sent
for us to talk about tonight while we wait for some calls to come in because there is a little
bit of a delay between live and when the folks hear it actually there aren't a whole lot of
stories tonight or absolutely not stories there are not a whole lot of tweets tonight uh but
there's a couple here i want to uh get to and let's see oh one of these i actually read this
one on horde house this is something pod culture tweeted us and i'd read this on the horde house
show but i want to say it here too by the way best little horde house in azeroth if you like
your warcraft podcast hordehouse.com it's my other show um dark soccer you'll love this one
a mother of five met her online lover who is 16 in new york they met on the game world of warcraft
she was a 35 year old mother of five and she allegedly lured a minor for sex after meeting
him in an online video game here's my favorite passage of the whole story though i love this part
jenkins who's the suspect angie jenkins allegedly made contact with the 15 year old boy with the
world of warcraft video game where players can talk with each other according to the u.s attorney
you don't say it's an mmo it's a it's an online game where your your kid you're shitting me they
talk to each other now like in inner tech but let's be real no one uses voice chat on wow
like they built that whole feature in and ain't no one ventrilo everybody's on ventrilo i love this
too the boy's parents took away his cell phone so what happened she bought him a new one and then
drove to new york to have sex with him in a parking lot classy she called the boy a coward
and threatened to kill herself if he broke off the relationship oh that's lovely you know what
you know what that story has nothing to do with world of warcraft she is just fucked up yes that's
right going to some more tweets at twitter.com slash o-l-r we have um i like this uh a tweet from
tiger claw footage of the canceled avengers game apparently made its way to the internet and this
is in a tweet that tiger claw sent us i have not seen this at all god damn it god damn these
fucking sponsor messages hold on i gotta get through these messages let's come back let's
come back to this after i want to feel the force i will you do not want to feel the force you want
to feel this phone call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey it's cd thunder hey cd
thunder what's on your mind buddy uh not much uh i want to wish low-key happy belated birthday
thank you you're welcome um the two games i want to talk about tonight are driver san francisco
and dead island ah some uh pretty new games that have a lot of people talking all right so tell us
about uh we'll start with dead island what we'll start with dead island what do you want to say
about dead island oh dead island uh it sort of reminds me of dead rising a little bit except uh
you were and uh the uh except the weapons once you use them for a while they are become they become
useful they become useless and then um it's almost like an rpg because you can upgrade things but uh
it's pretty interesting but uh so like you might have a gun in dead island and heaven forbid you
actually run out of bullets and you can't use that gun anymore pretty much oh my gosh that's jank all
right well i guess it makes you force you to think outside the box a little bit i mean it does is the
game itself as artsy as that first trailer that they put out for it was or was that just like a
thing um it's uh when you say what do you mean when you say artsy you know how like that that
trailer that they put out had that sad little song and it was all in slow motion it was very artsy
like the way they did it but like the game at the end of the day is a zombie first person shooter
right or is it like did they try to class it up a bit i don't know i don't know how to explain it
well i didn't i didn't see the trailer but it's very colorful i mean it's set
like a general jungle setting where you have all these different apartment and condos things
well how does it compare to other zombie games is it as good or does it suck or what well i
haven't actually played it but um it looks it looks really good but it um
i think i might want to play it if i could so i just assumed that he played it that's all right
that's right all right well what do you want to say about driver san francisco is it have you
played driver san francisco or is this just like you want to it's uh like another one two thing
all right why why do you want to play driver san francisco i've actually heard a lot of good
things about driver san francisco especially the multiplayer which is interesting because
the last driver game i remember playing was driver 3 which was lol lol
ah that game was fun all right what do you want to say about driver san francisco
um one of the things i really like about it is there's parts where you your body is floating
above the city and you go into other vehicles and it like you take over another person's body
pretty much and when you talk it it's actually the person talking but you're making them say
whatever you want wasn't that yeah isn't that the whole thing about driver like you get to possess
people like that's you kind of float from car to car and like you could like possess a cop car and
all the cliff off a cliff off a cliff that's how you want to play yeah the real one there's a
mission where you have to take possession of this guy and scare his driving instructor
so he had to make his heartbeat go up to this a number of beats per second and uh he says stuff
like oh if you stop doing this now take 20 off your next driving lessons which where there will
be a lot of uh kevin68 in our chat says driver san francisco is actually good well then why
did they call it driver i'm just kidding well because you're a guy who's a cop who drives around
doing these different things different missions so i think that's why it's called driver but
okay because it's that same concept that's been around since because you can't get out of the car
you're driving you're stuck in the car forever and so all right drive it off cliff and then well
well cd thunder anything else you want to share our listeners tonight any other games you're
looking forward to um there's one i'm really looking forward to that rise of nightmares
why why rise of nightmares because it i like creepy games like house of the day i know that
type of thing and uh so i'm thinking you're kind of a zombie fan yeah a little bit not completely
all right and uh so i've only seen parts of it but it it's not actually that scary might scare
other people but it's got very creepy atmospheres all right incredibly gory well before we let you
go cd thunder i've gotta i gotta let you go so we can get more calls but we have folks in chat
requesting could we get a few bars of the daytona theme song day daytona let's go racing daytona
beautiful i like it i like he had a little bit of vibrato in his voice i like that
thank you all right all right have a good one buddy thank you suddenly i'm simon cowell you
reminded me um something um what's that there was some uh previous people talking about silent hill
downpour and how terrible it is uh-huh it got delayed to next year interesting won't make it
for halloween no it's terrible well if that's what they got to do they gotta polish it up that's why
it's going you know what that's probably a good thing then so all right let's get back to the
that's probably a good thing then so i at least that's what i've heard uh i haven't seen the
official move yet but yeah it's next year all right let me uh let me get to this uh avengers
preview i've been making dar sakura wait here for so long let's uh let's take a look at this here
this is uh some of the avengers game that was cancelled so if this game looks cool to you like
this whole like flying around us iron man guess what you're never gonna play it if you want to
give us a call by the way 1877 game olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio it's
all first person yeah it'd probably make me throw up it looks pretty cool it might be fun to watch
someone else unfortunately say he's probably gonna have a license for the avengers game and it'll be
a crappy brawler beat him up like the other games have been actually i would really like for them to
do an avengers game like they did uh ultimate alliance that would be really fun because i love
marvel ultimate alliance i do kind of like the way that they've done this where it's like you
really become the superhero that's kind of kind of neat and you fight super scrolls i'm trying to
see if there's any any other uh clips other than just the iron man there's hulk oh there's hulk
yeah it's clear that's hulk that's kind of neat with captain america you see like the shield on
one arm very cool thanks for sharing that with us tiger claw let's go to one more tweet from tiger
claw at twitter.com slash olr and i think this is sadly the last tweet we got tonight uh but this is
uh about a oh you guys will love this an unreal tournament three mod the what they've modded on
this nyan cat that's right they saw this cat in unreal tournament hold on because we're getting
another call but we'll come back to the nyan cat in a little bit first we got another call
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this it's me hi me what would the listeners rather know you
as oh whatever miklatau shane hi miklatau shane whatever what about shane latov yeah shane latov
what'd you call in to talk about tonight shane latov um i called in to talk about how awesome
neo wiz is and they released tap sonic this week on the iphone or ios and it's really really fun
and yeah i forgot to talk about that game i downloaded that on iphone it's it's it's neat
what neo wiz what else do they make because you said they're awesome dj max oh i didn't realize
the same company they're partially responsible for that that's why you see a lot of dj max songs when
you're actually playing taps on it where the free song is like the end song from dj max 2 i just
thought it was because they were both korean games i don't know no that would be cool though if all
the korean games got together and made it like some uber game like you like losing in dj max or
something awesome and pump it up i don't know sure sure um uh tell tell the listeners about
this game a little bit for those have no idea what tap sonic is because it was a the game is free
to check out sort of there's there's microtransactions at the butt in the game right
and you if you want to play like for real you have to use those microtransactions um because
as i was unaware when you spend like if you were one of the first i think it was 1000 people that
downloaded it you got 300 million points and use those music points to purchase songs or so i
thought you actually use those music points to play songs and you do not get to keep those songs
once you spend the money on them so every time you play a song you're spending points so it's
awesome i go back later i can just get a preview because i'm not a point wow that's kind of shitty
though i gotta say i don't like that but i noticed the free songs rotate cheaper what's that
i said i'd be okay with it if it was cheaper i guess the korean version like our rates for
song purchases are like four times what they are in korea so we're really getting screwed here
that's a little ridiculous i can't recommend it past the free songs for that but it's worth to
check out the free version for the free songs the free songs rotate that's one thing i noticed like
i had a song show up the first day that i wanted to play again and it was and now it was a pay song
and a different song had showed up instead so i think they rotate a little bit oh really yeah i
haven't noticed that yet i've only seen the same free song go back in and look because one of the
songs i played the first day was suddenly a pay song it was weird so um i'll probably do that but
the game itself the game itself it's like it's kind of like beatmania with the or guitar hero
with the falling notes and you have to tap on the bottom of the screen what i think is really cool
for ios is that there's certain notes that you tap hold and drag which i thought was kind of neat
it kind of looks like a sound voltex if if you're following konami games in a way because it's got
that guitar hero hallway style notes falling at you and well yes that's really about it and it's
musical uh so would you recommend people check out tap sonic or no it's too damn expensive even
though it's free to at least know it promotes our songs awesome i would i would say download the
free thing if you like it and you want to spend money on it go ahead it's not like you're paying
30 bucks to play three songs or something like that if you buy the points you know you probably
get a good week's worth of play time if you don't play it like for hours and hours and hours on end
so it's not so bad all right well any other games you want to mention um i don't think so i don't
remember i only called to talk about that since you failed to all right well my i'm sorry so just
shame on me forever you should read me pretty much before we let you go miklotov can we get
a few bars no no no no no i don't even know that song what do do do do do how hard is that
how hard is do do do do do you're my hero for not playing along
no it's cool i'm not gonna make that big a fool of myself i'll let other people that call and do
that you suck yeah so since you refuse to play along with the uh daytona you're gonna get a
failure noise that's the chat room thanks to you there you go that's okay i don't mind i'll give
you a golden round and make noise all right bye miklotov goodbye all right one eight seven seven
game olr or a username on skype is orange launch radio if you want to give us a call
okay now back to that tweet we were reading earlier here's that mod
that i guess has nyan cat in it and i haven't seen this this was epic i'm looking at the video here
it's so cute watch how he dies though oh nan cat survival not guaranteed high quality rainbow
trail just watch this when they actually nail him he explodes in color he explodes in a barf
of color love it it's fantastic let's go to the phones we got more calls coming in hi you're on
orange launch radio who's this hey it's uh you're breaking up a little bit i'll give you another
shot there hey who's this what's your name it's uh cinderwolf much better hey cinderwolf what's
on your mind not too much i just you know thought i'd call in the first night i'm listening to the
podcast and uh really loving it uh great job so far thank you very much appreciate it what's on
your mind what do you think of the stories we've been talking about tonight oh the stories that
have been great and i mean you know it's it's awesome you know kind of watching and listening
to the conversation sort of moving uh from side to side top of the top and kind of going all over
the place i find it's really laid back i'm really impressed and i'm really excited to be able to
ask what the setup you guys have going on here well thank you so much well it's almost like he
called just to inflate our egos tonight and i really appreciate that i already have a headache
because my skull's not big enough to hold all of my ego well no it is and i think hopefully go
ahead hopefully it's not gonna you know get too much larger than the studio this isn't a very big
room um yeah i know right uh i think it's important to note if if folks have only ever
listened to the podcast feed and never never joined us for a live show the chat room is a
lot of fun and even on a night like tonight where it's kind of a smaller turnout in chat
than it usually is stupid emmys yeah stupid emmys uh they the the top topic will sometimes be about
the show but then it kind of goes into these related topics and lots of links and fun things
to look at it's almost like its own little stumble upon or tumblr exactly it's kind of like a domino
effect of just sheer awesomeness absolutely in fact right now somebody is asking for the nyan cat
video so i said i would uh well relink that to me robin i'll put it on the tumblr because we're
putting stuff on the tumblr now oh of course of course hold on so that people will visit our
tumblr there you go all right you get both well what do you think about 3ds versus vita cinder
wolf since that's one of the big topics we got into tonight are you a 3ds owner by chance
uh actually i'm not an owner of the 3ds i've had the pleasure of playing with it a few times for
uh you know colleagues co-workers down at the office uh really liking it um i do love the option
of you know the intensity adjusting the intensity of the 3d feature uh just so just because it's
accommodating to everybody you know the people that typically you know suffer from things like
headaches or migraines with the 3d technology uh so nintendo definitely made a great choice in uh
not in that intensity feature you can go from like super gigantic headache to just minor headache to
like to like slurp even like i drink i was just saying to going from like migraine headaches to
i drank a slurpy too fast headache you know that type of thing exactly so well what about the vita
though because the vita's coming out pretty soon if you are i don't know if you're a psp owner or
if you're into sony stuff what do you think about what sony's doing over there well i i don't know
i well i i do like sony uh sony's hardware so and even sony's gaming repertoire but i'm not
particularly a fan of uh their marketing mode i mean they tend to wait for the competition to see
what they can improve on and that's always a great strategy but i find that uh because they're not
trying to stay ahead uh in the push everything out first mode i think they're losing a lot of
the possible potential fan base uh because you know what i mentioned earlier in the in the chat room
was that sony waited for microsoft to launch their 360 console and now worldwide there have
been more 360 consoles sold than the sony playstation 3's uh xbox seems to have that
much wider game repertoire to kind of cater to sort of all game or all gamers uh of all ages
except in japan teen and adults except in japan well yeah that i suppose that is kind of true
but uh i i find that that you know comparing the 360 repertoire to the playstation um you know
there really are maybe only five or six games uh so far i say for the ps3 for example i'm really
interested in that i haven't had a chance to play yet uh but you know it seems like microsoft is
hawking you know a new game every week that seemed to be catching my attention too um
it'll be similar with the uh the vita all right well we'll see we'll see what kind of develops
especially as we start to hear more about the north american launch because you know we've
heard a lot about the japanese launch but just because certain games are coming out at launch
over there doesn't mean the launch window games are going to be the same it's going to be very
interesting to see what happens with that um let me ask you one other quick question since you are
a first time caller of the show what was that sure oh okay um i always ask this of listeners
this kind of helps me understand what what kind of a gamer our listeners are what would you say
is your favorite video game of all time or if you're having trouble picking just one one of
your favorite video games of all time um favorite game of all time right now uh it's an old game i
think was released back in 1990 on the turbo graphics 16 console by nec it was called
newtopia 2 um it was sort of nec in hunts and soft's attempt at a zelda killer uh the
turbo graphics released a year before the super nintendo console um and it really has a lot of the
traditional rpg elements in it like the old zelda games um you know great soundtrack too even more
so than uh say the old zelda games and i don't know i just i find it fun a fun run right from
start to finish uh you can do it in you know a handful of hours you know five six hours but it's
just very addicting at fun i absolutely remember the newtopia series haven't you covered that on
the show before dark sucker i could be wrong but i have indeed covered newtopia so yeah it's a good
good uh good times so one of the one of the highlights of the turbo graphics 16 so you i
think you brought up turbo graphics in chat earlier so you must have been a big big fan
many years ago uh actually i did see growing up uh my family you know we didn't have the
standard nintendo receiver nintendo console uh dad had the old calico vision and ataris and then
we jumped right into the the turbo graphics uh moments for the deal so i kind of grew up playing
a lot of that uh and actually had the pleasure of finding one in a flea market about three years ago
so it's soaked up to the hdtv nice have you had a duo no i haven't actually i've wanted to
find one but uh you know other costs and other bills kind of trumping that right now well i can
tell you i can tell you right now if you're looking to play any of the imports that uh
it actually is gonna it was we had a like some converter but the converters hardly ever work
um you can get the core graphics really cheap the pc engine yeah that is true yeah and i mean
although i do like the idea of the duo um my it's kind of funny my little brother back home actually
hooked me up with uh a lot of the old roms and emulators actually that i can just you know i
play on my own time here it's a magic engine uh yes actually oh the ma i i use the magic
and actually for all the turbo graphics uh games that are out there so far so cool well you have
a fan in chat because game guru says utopia is awesome utopia is pretty cool yeah it's a good
good series i've played it once too it's good there's just a number if you're really into
turbo graphics there's a number of duo games that you gotta check out uh i'm i'm pretty sure there
were two actually my uh younger brother back home a bit of a more of a classic slash hardcore old
school gamer than myself he's constantly talking about the older titles that he's finding uh
but um just one of the funniest things that might actually throw you guys off that uh the one game
on utopia 2 the actual copy on ebay 256 bucks you're kidding me nope is that like just the
card 12 hours ago is that just the hue card or like with everything and that's that's the
original like uh the cd case that it came in like on the hue card itself the little game booklet
everything it's used obviously but yeah 256 bucks wow i think we got ours like in a stack of games
wow oh yeah well it's fun i'm sure my dad's gonna kick himself in the ass when he finds out what
it's going for because i think we paid five bucks for it back in the day i bet good gosh all right
well i i let this call go on a little long but that's okay because he's a first-time caller so
those of you that call every week and just just deal but uh before i let you go can we get a few
bars of daytona uh all right all right all right uh i can only do the beginning because again i
never decided to play the game never really piqued my interest back in the day but uh from what i
heard it's um we'll take a week next daytona you know that's about it that was kind of the jazzy
version it's daytona it's kind of a little bit uh jazzy all right i like that a plus all right well
thank you so much for your call and thanks for uh enjoying the show and uh tuning in live and
all that good stuff so uh thanks so much i'll i'll be around uh for you know for the first equal
future guys so thanks for letting me stay on awesome all right take care buddy we love canadians
and we love uh because clearly that like i mentioned he was from canada earlier he's in the
chat and his accent his accent was canadian too yeah yeah and uh we love turbo graphics fans too
so very very cool all right uh that's going to do it though for uh the skype line tonight and
sorry to those that didn't get through but if you didn't get through you should like put some email
in that mailbag for dark soccer to read next week make her work damn it mailbag at orange
lounge radio.com or you could send us more tweets like one more i usually have a two tweet limit on
twitter but i'm being super nice tonight because this is another video and it's from tiger claw
and he usually sends good stuff so what the heck let's do this one it's a a mod that he sent us
it's super pixel brothers i guess what is this it's a it's a playable super mario brothers
but it's only 64 pixels i guess it's an eight by eight led board that does super mario brothers but
i can't imagine this at all looks pretty like it's gotta be terrible let's see i want to see what
this looks like here so i'm trying to load up the video in chat but it's it's um here we go there
we go guys oh my gosh he's playing blocks and under certain blocks and i've actually made it
random oh he's got a nice accent i'm gonna try this out five points whereas just normal blocks to get
to now another feature i've added is five different colored blocks yeah so if i can
explain to you guys i don't think it's literally the nintendo rom like but it looks like somebody
made their own version of it on this like imagine like one of those old school led games where
there's only so many places you can have a cutout and he's it's basically these colored lights and
the little mario is like an orange square that kind of goes around and you can break blocks and
jump on top of things i gotta say this is much more impressive than what i was thinking it was
gonna look like and these levels are it's sad i recognize these levels based off of the real game
it's been translated really well a website run by enl so that's i gotta say that's pretty cool
yeah not bad so i guess uh dark sakura i got one more link for you okay so why don't you go uh
post that on the tumblers people are watching tumblr are gonna say it blew up tonight
all right well that does it for the twitter tonight and uh before we wrap up the show i
always like to check in with loki and dark soccer and see if they have any last minute stories
no not really wow i mean there is there is an overclock remix album i think someone made for
uh mega man nine it's all guitar and metal versions of the song so i believe that's free
to download overclock remix site overclock puts out some good stuff so that's good good to hear
yeah all right well that is gonna do it for another episode of orange lounge radio
thank you guys so much for downloading our show and supporting it and telling friends about the
show that's what we really appreciate because you know we don't have a big budget behind this show
we don't uh you know have commercials and what have you all we ask if you enjoyed orange launch
radio tell a friend or two about the show and if you're like but i have no friends to tell about
the show then tell an enemy no or you can always you know you can leave us a nice review on itunes
help us spread the word around the internet that whole nomination for podcast or thing i was talking
about just help us spread the word that's all we ask and we'll get more listeners next week just
like we had uh cinderwolf tonight who seemed to enjoy this program very much so thank you very
much before we wrap it up though for good i need to go around and get everybody's final thoughts
so um let's see loki will start with you tonight what's your final thought final thought is i'm
going to finish the legend of zelda and then i'm going to stop playing those virtual console games
for now because that d-pad sucks why is my final thought tonight is why am i craving a corn dog
i don't know why but like corn dogs are yummy and they're so bad for you they're amazing why do all
the bad things for you have to taste so good dark soccer what's your final thought tonight um
i want to know why my scroll block button keeps turning on when i don't press anything to turn
on my scroll lock it's one of those great mysteries of space the world may never know
i'm in space that does it thank you guys so much for downloading us i will see you in like
three weeks oh my god that's kind of sad sorry guys but uh i'll be having fun but dark soccer
and loki will be back here next week with tiara to bring you more gaming news so tune in and
we'll do it all again in one more week here at orange lounge radio good night you've been
listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us
for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and
opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of
orange lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
