This week Microsoft's new Xbox One update allows you to give input control to a mixer
stream viewer.
There are many possible uses for this and personally I'm excited to see them.
That's just one change in store, join us for the rest of the week's gaming news starting
right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, welcome back.
It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, back live tonight, April the 29th, 2018, episode number 728 of
our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here in Studio N7, lovely Sacramento, California,
with my co-hosts over there, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm here.
Good.
I'm excited for your DragCon event in two weeks, right?
Two weeks?
I'm ready and nervous.
I've got a lot of stuff to do and some of the things that I ordered are deceptively
not real human body size.
Can we talk about the outfit you were talking about before the show or is that going to
be a secret?
It's fine.
Because it's game related and I love it.
Which one was game related?
The Kirby.
Oh no, I wasn't going to do a Kirby outfit, I was going to do a top hat.
Oh, kind of.
As the hat challenge.
A Kirby.
It's more Drag Race related.
Alright, fine.
Whatever.
I wasn't going to do Kirby at all.
Oh, I thought it was a Kirby.
No.
Oh, a Kirby.
Oh, damn.
I thought that whole time you were going to...
I'm going to do a Kirby top hat.
I thought you were talking about a Kirby.
I mean, I could do a Kirby, Jiggly's already done it I think.
Now you need to do a Jiggly look.
No, if I was going to do one, I would do like a Q-Bone outfit with a skull on my head or
something.
Oh, okay.
I like that.
A little Pokemon.
Yeah.
Alright.
Pokemon, first drag at a ball.
Category is.
Alright.
But no, I have my Shirley Manson inspired outfit.
Hey, Shirley Manson is still awesome.
That's just depending on if I do Sister Face or if I do drag and if I do drag then I bust
out the Shirley Manson wig.
Alright.
Well, looking forward to seeing all that on your social medias in a couple of weeks when
that all goes down.
If I remember, I have one.
Alright.
Also say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm good.
Good.
Have you seen Ready Player One again this week at all?
No, I went and saw two other movies inside.
So I saw Avengers Infinity War.
Of course.
Everybody's seeing Avengers.
I didn't go see it.
I know.
I am so uncool.
I had a migraine last night.
I am so uncool.
And I'm not trying to be like that edgy guy that's like, I'm going to hate the popular
thing.
Dan saw it.
And I, I just, I haven't seen, okay, so like I saw this brilliant post.
It was on Facebook.
I don't see much that's brilliant on Facebook.
It already got spoiled for me.
But it was a, well, don't.
I'm not.
Okay.
Um, but you know, like there's like this flow chart that was like, this is the Marvel universe
and it showed like all these movies and how they're connected and the order it goes.
And I was like, I have seen that one, that one and that one.
It was like four movies on that entire chart I'd seen.
I'm like, I'm not, I still need to see Black Panther.
I've seen all of them, but Black Panthers.
So Oh my God, that's the one, like everybody did see both of the guardians of the galaxy
movies, right?
No.
Okay.
I'm kidnapping you.
I am the uncoolest.
I know the guardians of galaxy movies are the best.
It's on Netflix, dude.
Is it the second one?
All right, well, well, I've got the Blu-rays anyways, but I want to play video games.
I don't have time for movies.
Okay.
Do it.
I do play them while you're watching the movie.
How was the other one?
The Quiet Place?
Cause I'd go see that because you don't need to see other movies first.
The Quiet Place is good.
Um, it was just a really intense, you know, edge of your seat horror movie, I guess.
Um, I can see, I heard a rumor that at one time they were trying to do that stupid nonsense
where, Oh, Hey, let's take these random movies and make them part of the Cloverfield universe.
And I could see how that could sort of be part of the Cloverfield universe in a very,
we're really stretching to see the connection here, but do you know what weird thing I read
this week?
And I don't even remember where maybe somebody in our chat room knows over at live.vognetwork.com
because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice geeks network, vognetwork.com
six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black Wolf show.
Although Bobby is on a little brief hiatus while he takes care of some other things.
So wishing Bobby well.
Um, but anyway, uh, so we are live, so join our chat room unless you're listening on the
podcast.
Then, um, you can go see the chat rooms open 24 seven.
There just might not be anybody there, but anyway, uh, where was I dang it, I was gonna
Cloverfield.
Oh yes.
Okay.
So did you read the thing online about how the Tomb Raider movie, there was a proposal
that that would be in the same universe as just cause hit man, um, all the other stuff
that like they want to turn into movies from like American game studios specifically I'd
asked fine with it, but I like, how would that cross over though, Laura Croft and hit
man and like they all, I don't know, but that would be an awesome, awesome to do what exactly
I regal Rodriguez in, you know, Laura Croft.
I'm down, I'm down for just a just cause movie, honestly, because that's gonna be batshit
insane.
You gotta have Jason Statham.
That's totally un, you know, not going to match the nationality of the main character
at all.
But I just see something like that has to be as crazy as like one of the crank movies
or something.
Right.
But yeah, I'm down with something like that.
I just, I haven't watched any of the hitman movies, so I don't really know how those would
really play into it, but sure.
Why not?
Everyone's wants to make a cinematic universe.
Uh, let's see tiger call out chat over at live.vog network.com says a video game cinematic
universe.
I'm not going to have that with ready player one kind of that's a stretch.
That's a stretch.
Anyway.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
So, okay.
Uh, something else I have to address with you.
Well, let me come back.
Cause I have to introduce, we have a guest in studio.
We always want to say hello to our guests because we haven't had a guest in studio in
like a long time, but, uh, we have an old fave back here on the show this week.
Say hello to longtime music, game, fan, lover, et cetera.
JD.
Hey.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm doing pretty well.
Yeah.
Um, I mean, not much any movies.
Oh yeah.
I saw a game night a couple of weeks ago.
Okay.
That's like board game night.
Right?
Yeah.
I mean, it's a thriller about board games and a friend group.
Like it's pretty fun.
I didn't know that's a thriller.
I thought it was a comedy.
It's a comedy thriller.
Oh, cause I was like, Oh, so like scream.
Yeah.
Or, or well more like, like scream three that when they started getting a little more batshit,
I've only seen the first one.
Oh, well you're not missing much.
Scream two and three are like, okay, they're, they're worth your time, but not when you're
behind on 70,000 Marvel movies.
Like I am.
All right.
Yeah.
I've been like, nothing's new in my life.
Okay.
That's cool.
Uh, but you're, you're doing more Pokemon go.
We had fun playing that.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It comes in and goes like when there's events, I'll log in and when there's not, you know,
but we'll cover that on my gaming week.
Okay.
Cause I was going to say he's downplaying it just a little bit because this whole weekend
as we've been going around from place to place, it'll be like, Ooh, Wailmer, Ooh, Magikarp,
Ooh, Wailmer.
Well, see, I have a lot of catching up to do cause I don't play all the time.
I understand.
I understand.
That's the great thing about these events though, is that they allow you to catch up.
Right.
All right.
Well, we'll come back to you during your gaming week then and get the full pogo story, but
let's go to Loki.
Um, before we get to the kickoff topic, I think this is worth addressing because you've
been alluding to this on social media.
And then you came in here tonight and said, Rob, I need to borrow some of your amiibo.
I'm not borrowing.
I have it with me.
So I know, I know, but that's like, you're, you're borrowing it for five seconds.
You're not like longterm borrowing it.
But then I kind of went click, click, click, wait a minute.
There was a photo of his kid playing a switch.
Did you finally buy Nintendo switch?
Yes, we, we traded in the Wii U system that you got me a while back and how could you
trade a gift?
No, I'm kidding.
It's totally cool.
That's, that's what happens in gaming.
Well, I didn't want to, but the, the rule is my wife, wife said you have to get rid
of something in order to get something new.
So it's a worthy upgrade and it is it.
It's bittersweet, I guess, because my son, he really, really wanted to switch, but at
the same time he's like, Oh, I, I'm playing through super Mario three D world right now.
And it's like, I'm almost finished with it.
I'm like, well, you sure you want to get switched in?
We can, you know, do this another time.
No, no, no.
I want to get switched.
And then we got switched.
He's like, man, I kind of wish we didn't get a switch cause I wanted to play there, but,
yeah, he's been playing nonstop, you know, Mario Odyssey and always focus on that one.
So we got a switch and, um, did all that.
But so I just, I just want the Nintendo fans who, who all Loki sometimes ruffles their
feathers.
I just want the date and time noted.
Loki is finally on board with a switch.
There we go.
Yeah.
So now I can hate on it, you know, you know, from firsthand experience on it with, uh,
with, uh, like seriously, like when the e-shop, like, geez.
Way to put no effort into that interface.
Like that's even less interface or less effort into an interface than there was on the Wii.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
Oh, dark Tetsuya in chat says, I got a request from Loki on my system.
Wondering if I should do the same since I don't even use my Wii U anymore.
Oh, I guess I should log into my switch and see if Loki sent me a friend request.
I didn't because you're not linked to Facebook or Twitter.
So apparently not.
I unlinked all of that stuff on purpose though.
So I just haven't bothered to go out and share the friend code that I have.
Um, I just was really quickly going through and just doing it through the system.
I'm like, okay, we'll see if this is all linked together and everything.
So I did all that.
Yeah.
Dungeon buster in chat says Loki now has authoritative Nintendo hate.
Oh, absolutely.
So I hate because I love, that's right.
What games?
Yeah.
You're the Tyra Banks of the show.
What was the, um, what was the, uh, games you got?
You said Mario Odyssey, Mario Odyssey and Mario Kart 8.
Mario Kart 8.
I like the two.
No Zelda yet.
No, because I didn't play, you had Zelda on the Wii U.
I had, well, I didn't play it on the Wii U and that's, I didn't play it very much.
Okay.
You know, so I will get Zelda at one point, but I'm like, I'm not gonna buy another game.
I'm not going to get to right away.
I'll pick it up later.
Um, I'm in no hurry yet.
We have a, I bought a 128 gigabyte memory card, so I'm just gonna download stuff as
I feel like it, but I just, I know I'm not going to get to Zelda right now, so I'm not
going to buy it right now because it, I mean, all those accessories and everything are so
expensive.
Nintendo stuff like never goes on sale either.
Like you're still, you're still going to pay 60 bucks for Zelda, right?
And I'm not, you know, I'm not worried about that, but I'm just saying I don't want to
pick it up right now because I'm not going to get to it right now.
I'll just play through Mario Odyssey for now and then all the other games on the other
systems I have and oh shit, there's my scene backlog.
You know, it's like there's too much.
What about Splatoon?
I don't like Splatoon.
Okay.
I mean, I bought the first Splatoon and I was like, oh yeah, it's gonna be awesome.
I never played it.
I'll lend you my copy of Arms.
I know that really does not look good.
The kids will think it's fun though.
That's a good point.
Let the kids try it.
I mean, they might like that, but like, and then that's a problem because they don't have
to buy it.
Well, no, not really.
I mean, it's Splatoon.
It's just like, I just don't think I'll play it.
I mean, that's a problem.
How about Smash Brothers this holiday?
I'll pick, I'll pick up Smash Brothers when it comes out.
That's a must have.
I like Smash Brothers, but like, I just didn't want, like, and I even thought about Splatoon
2 and like, no, I didn't play the first one.
I just didn't really get into it.
Over in chat at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster says, is there an Arms demo Loki can
try?
They had a test fire or whatever they called it, an Arms fire or whatever they called that
thing.
They have demos for some things and I may pick those up.
They had one previously, but isn't there, wouldn't there supposed to be more Arms like
for some reason, like coming up in the coming weeks?
Like maybe they're trying to get more people to buy Arms.
I don't know.
I believe they had a free weekend a couple of weeks ago and they've been doing it every
so often.
They're already passed.
I'll check it out when it's free.
I mean, it just didn't look very interesting.
I'm very disappointed and I mean, I know a lot of people have shared this complaint,
but like one of the things like I brought when I got in the system was like, it would
have been nice to be able to pick up all those virtual console games I had already.
They're literally losing out money because I would have dropped money for all those games
they have in there.
You know, like Mario 64, that was the other game that he was playing through.
He was playing through Mario 64.
I would have downloaded Mario 64 again.
I would have paid the full $10 or whatever the fucking ridiculous price for virtual console
game again, but they didn't have it available.
So they're literally losing money because of that.
So guess what I'm going to have to do instead?
I'm just saying they put it on emulator.
So sorry Nintendo, you had an opportunity to get much more money from me, but because
of whatever bullshit excuse you're going to use, you didn't.
Well, we have some news coming up later in the show that maybe we'll finally get word
on what's happening on Mario 64 and the other virtual console stuff, but we will get to
that later in the show.
Let's jump into our kickoff topic tonight, which actually has nothing to do with Nintendo
and our gaming weeks.
Yes, of course.
Our gaming weeks as well.
We'll start with our kickoff topic as we usually do here at the top of the show, which has
to do not with Nintendo, but with Microsoft.
Right?
Yeah.
So Microsoft and discord are, I guess, teaming up.
And so they have this, um, Xbox heart discord thing where you can link your account, sync
your friends, and I guess, um, display which games you're playing.
I don't want to sync my friends.
I like them.
So yeah, you can do that on PC and console and, um, it's interesting.
So how it works is it doesn't sound like it's much like, it's not like Xbox live is suddenly
integrating discord chattery that it's just like, uh, it's like how discord, uh, integrated
Spotify not that long ago.
You can see what people are listening to on Spotify, but that's it.
It's just their little stuff.
Maybe you can share stuff to it because they have a basic lens, the same.
It's linking like a social media account.
So like Facebook and Twitter, so you can like maybe post to it, you know, Hey, I just got
this achievement or something.
Yeah.
Then maybe, maybe you'll be able to do things like that.
But I think also like if you look on the sidebar, like, you know, cause, cause vog network has
a discord, cheap plug, cheap plug.
And so you'll see me on that discord and you can actually see what games I'm like as I,
I let it post, it's not a big deal.
You can actually see when I'm playing stuff on PC, you can see that, you know, Rob Roberts
is currently playing Diablo three, which has been a lot this week if, if I'm playing it
on PC.
But if I'm playing these on console, like if I'm playing DJ max on PlayStation four,
you don't see that on discord because the PlayStation doesn't talk to discord.
But now Microsoft will do that.
It sounds like, so you'll be able to see Rob Roberts is playing, I don't know, what do
I play on Xbox one anymore?
What was I was playing the Gianna sisters game this week to spoil my, my gaming week
a little bit.
So let's say Rob Roberts is playing Gianna sisters, twisted dreams or whatever.
And so maybe you decide, Oh, I want to join him in that game.
You could, you would know from your desktop discord or even your mobile that, Oh, Rob's
playing Gianna sisters.
I could jump in and join him right now or whatever it is on Xbox.
I mean, that's a neat for a lot of people I'm sure, right?
So yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm into this idea, but I mean it, it doesn't sound like it's
this gigantic Alliance.
It's just, Oh, discord is going to show your Xbox activity now.
Cool.
But it's still kind of like, this is a nice little foot in the door for Microsoft because
I think discord is one of those things in gaming and kind of what I wanted to talk about
here a little bit at the top of the show.
Discord's really been blowing up and gaming like, you know, nobody knew what discord was
what like two months ago or I'm sorry, not too much, two years ago.
Discord basically took the concept of chat and especially like team speak servers that
people were paying money for.
I think that's the big thing and made it free.
I'm not completely sure how discord is making enough money to keep those servers afloat.
I know they sell their premium subscriptions and things like that, but I don't know how
many people are actually buying those cause you can create servers for free.
There's a lot of conspiracy thoughts about like what discord might be doing with your
data.
Oh, they might be selling the play data or something or who knows, but like it's, it's
a Facebook kind of situation where it's like, well, if you don't, if you're not paying for
it, you are the product.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, so who knows?
But anyway, uh, discord's like blown up and I think especially you got two big things
to thank for discord blown up.
One of them is Pokemon go.
Like I, I mean, I know not everybody out there plays Pokemon go, but if you do play Pokemon
go because there is no chat within Pokemon go and this rating thing is such a big deal
and you've got to find other people to raid with.
Like discord has really taken over for Pokemon go.
That's how you find out where raids are and know when people are going to be there.
And I think so many people that necessarily wouldn't even necessarily play other games
because you know, there's plenty of people out there who play Pokemon go and don't play
other games, I think are getting exposed to discord and all of this stuff.
And then I think the other big thing that has really caused discord to blow up is Nintendo
because Nintendo doesn't really have an online solution.
A lot of people are going to discord to do their chats.
I mean, granted, there's, there's other stuff too, like MMOs, like all the people that were
using TeamSpeak before, like to do their raids, World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy, Guild Wars,
all those MMOs online.
You know, why would people pay for a TeamSpeak server when you just go to their discord now?
So you know, discord is really, I think, wedge their foot in the door with all these different,
different things.
And so I think it's, it's really kind of transformed in some ways, a lot of the gaming stuff.
So it's interesting that discord is continuing to be like one unified kind of gaming ecosystem
instead of like Xbox Live being in their own bubble and PlayStation being in their own
bubble and so forth.
Because if you use discord, you can chat to anybody playing anything because the fact
that it's mobile is a big deal.
Yeah.
Uh, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Tiger Claw says, indeed, you can start your
own community in discord, which is what we did at VOG network.
And if you want to join our discord, you can over at vognetwork.com slash discord,
and that will just give you the invite.
You don't have to worry about an invite code because it'll just put it right in there for
you.
So we, uh, we, we want anybody to join.
Um, well, as long as you're not a dick, that's the general rule, right?
As Joan Hunter-Matt says, I'm worried someone will buy discord sometime soon and turn it
into an exclusivicity war.
Um, perhaps Microsoft would be a worthy suitor, huh?
However, blueberry follows that up in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says, discord
has denied buyouts several times.
So anyway, uh, and Tiger Claw also points out the great thing about discord is you can
connect to multiple servers at once.
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, obviously I have the VOG network one, but I'm probably on like 10 different servers.
Uh, and that's, I think that's small fry compared to a lot of people I've heard of some people
that have filled it up.
Like guys, I think you can only be on like a hundred different servers.
Yeah, I haven't really messed with discord too much, but it seems interesting.
Yeah.
How do you even with a hundred servers, like who has time for that?
Well, I think some of them are more like, like it seems like everybody starts their
own server.
I think if you're like a Twitch person, all the Twitch people you follow probably have
their own servers.
Um, I decided to buy in more to the idea of together we are stronger, which is why I throw
all my Twitch.
Even though I do broadcast on Twitch instead of using my own server, which I started one,
but like the only people in it are Alan and I, because I was like, you know what, I'm
going to throw my, my w whatever weight this is, it's not much weight, but, uh, behind
the VOG server, you know, to try to get more people in one place type of thing.
But I know a lot of Twitch streamers will have their own servers.
Um, plus a lot of like, I have two for Pokemon go cause I have Pokemon go for the Sacramento
area, but then they also have an X-rays server dedicated to the, the, um, you too.
I always say Meowth raids with the Mewtwo raids that happened with, um, uh, Pokemon
go.
So I have two just for that.
And then I have like a, when I was playing Warcraft for a hot minute, I was in a Warcraft
Guild chat.
I was, I'm still in a final fantasy 14.
I'm in like two or three final fantasy 14 ones.
So it's just that caps out at maybe 15 though.
Like I'm talking like you have a hundred, how do you keep up with all of that?
It's a lot.
So overwhelmed.
It is a lot.
It's a lot.
Live.vognetwork.com dark Tetsuya says, I do have some of the Twitch folks I follow also
follow their discords.
There's always discussion going on, or they also have image boards or places to share
music.
Good point.
Uh, Rama on the whole Microsoft and discord thing says, no, Microsoft is still working
on Skype.
They're shutting down Skype for business and merging it into Microsoft teams.
It's Slack's competitor, which well, discord is kind of like Slack in a way, but with the
team speak element and all that.
I wouldn't really say discord is Slack's competitor, even though they're very similar services
because Slack is extremely aimed at businesses and Microsoft teams is also going after businesses.
Discord is not going for the professional users.
Okay.
But like, here's, here's the funny thing.
So when it comes to Slack, I am in probably 12 different Slacks, 11 of them are ingress
related.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Like I think ingress got on Slack because Slack was out before discord.
I think, I think it's exactly what it is because there's been that talk about should, should
we be using discord as an ingress thing?
But the problem is now all this customization has been done for Slack.
People want to get off of it.
Well, I mean, I have both Slack and discord and I like Slack a lot better, but so like,
I feel like people who are used to Slack don't want to switch over to discord because
they feel very different, but right now I hear that.
But Slack also like misses certain features.
Make sure you're nice and in that microphone cause you're being very quiet right now.
Sorry.
Slack is missing specific gaming related features like ignoring people, you know, because it's,
Oh, well it's a business tool, right?
Which is a whole other argument that we don't need to get into.
What?
I can't ignore my coworkers?
But what's funny to me is that we've never used Slack in my work environments.
Now granted, I've historically worked in healthcare and I would imagine using Slack and their
servers is probably not good for HIPAA and those types of losses probably why I did Slack
is never really.
Yep.
I don't know.
Then maybe they do have the high encryption, but for whatever reason, the companies I've
worked for don't use it.
We use some type of instant messaging that's in house.
Doesn't Salesforce have their own like group message thing cause it's shit.
It's Salesforce, so yes, but no, the, my point is like a lot of companies are like, Oh, we're
already in on this one thing.
We'll just use whatever chat I guess.
If you're talking about like chatter, then that is shit.
But no, my knowledge of Salesforce is very small, but like for what my company uses for,
it's great.
But we use, I think we're using like one tiny branch of this huge mungus tree.
So and they have so many ways because of my Salesforce, it could be something that we
just don't use, which is very, very, very possible.
True.
Uh, looking at chat over at live.voggenower.com, Tiger cloud points out a great thing about
discord is you can use it anywhere since you can use the mobile app.
You can even use voice chat on the mobile app, post pics from your phone.
I think that is a big part about why discord has succeeded in such a big way too is because
of that.
You know, like who doesn't have a smartphone in this day and age, right?
No, RageNator finally got a smartphone.
So I mean like, oh, and Daniel Day Lewis still uses a flip phone.
We saw that on social media.
Okay.
But most like 99% of people have smartphones at this point.
So uh, when it comes to the smartphones, like, you know, you, you're gaming on your console.
It's very easy to just have your smartphone right there with your little earbud in or
just even on speaker or whatever.
It's like you have this chat device with you even when Nintendo doesn't have anything.
Although those features are not exclusive to discord.
Like the Slack app also has, you can upload pictures, you can do voice calls, like all
sorts of things.
Like I'm not trying to like say one or the other, I'm just saying these are common features.
So why do you think the gamers have gravitated towards discord instead of Slack?
It's easier to invite people.
Slack, you have to have one admin who like has to approve everyone because like in a
business environment, you don't just want anyone joining.
You know what?
That is a damn good point because I can, I don't think there's a problem with me saying
this.
Uh, if, if there was, I'll hear it from Bobby later.
But VOG network looked into getting a Slack, um, before discord was really big.
And there were some people that were saying, Oh, you should definitely get VOG on Slack.
You could do your chat and all this stuff.
And we were kind of looking into it, but the thing that stopped us was what you just said.
Yeah.
The nice thing about the way the chat is at OLR right now is that you go onto the site,
you just click and you're in.
But with Slack, somebody would have to invite you and you wouldn't like, you know, that
doesn't lend itself well to the instant gratification and that whole thing.
The other part is that discord is almost entirely free and Slack is very much aimed
at getting you to upgrade to an enterprise solution.
So like my Guild Wars Guild uses Slack because of reasons and we are constantly running into,
Oh, you can only show like, I think it's 10,000 messages on the free account.
Yeah.
And that goes by in like, I don't know.
It's depending on how busy we are.
It's the storage and image thing in Ingress.
Go delete all your images.
Because everybody's posting like, Oh, here's a field.
Here's my badge.
I got it.
Everybody's posting all their stuff from their cell phone.
It fills up the image thing so fucking fast.
Right.
So like that's the other reason because discord doesn't do that.
You can search for it eventually.
I think I don't know enough about discord to say, but like they don't like push you
at, Oh, you're running out of image space, running out of message space, you should upgrade
and each the upgrade is like priced per user.
So like any sizable gaming community is not going to do that.
Tiger con chat says how long until someone goes into a movie theater, turn on the voice
chat and then you hear the movie coming through the voice chat.
We wouldn't be able to see the movie that way, but I'm sure, I'm sure there are people
that have a Periscope.
That was the thing.
I don't, I don't, I don't hear much about Periscope anymore.
Twitter bought it and then kind of let it die.
Just like they didn't rise.
Um, you know, just like they did vine.
Uh, don't let Twitter buy your company vine coming back.
I thought vine was coming back.
I think the founder said, gosh, this is terrible.
They killed my products and is trying to bring it back, but anyway, but my point with
that is that they were doing that with Periscope, right?
People were shooting at the movie, uh, the movie.
And that's, that's why sometimes the esters will come in and look at the eye because I
want to make sure you're not filming the movie.
Uh, but then the other big thing was a game of Thrones episodes were going on Periscope,
uh, and like the, the big pay-per-view stuff, the Wrestle manias and the MMA is and all
that stuff that was, that's huge.
Probably still is a problem on Periscope.
Honestly, I just, who's, who's uses I, I, you know what?
Old Periscope fucking Instagram stories.
I thought that was snap.
They were killing snapshot with the both.
You know, game of Thrones, like speaking of their piracy, like threatened, Oh, we'll pay
somebody and we'll just release all of the spoilers like ahead of the season.
Huh?
That was a thing a couple of weeks ago.
I remember that.
I remember that.
Uh, let's see.
Also a tiger class says there's a going around YouTube that I discovered this weekend where
they post audio of an audience reacting to infinity war.
They don't show video, but rather audio of the audience reacting to certain scenes from
the movie.
So they aren't playing the entire movie.
I've kind of seen that before.
They've done that in marketing.
Remember the very first paranormal activity?
Like I remember the early trailer for that movie.
It wasn't even really showing the movie.
It was showing the audience's reaction to things in the movie.
The movie was lame.
Yeah.
So, but that was how they sold and pro I want to say Blair witch project, I think did some
of that too.
Like those, those low budget movies that are super fucking scary.
That's kind of how they sell them sometimes is showing the reaction to the movies.
Didn't Blair witch project come out before YouTube was founded?
Like how did they do reactions?
You know, it was in the trailer.
Oh, in the trailer.
Remember?
Oh, got it.
Yeah.
JD, I know you're a young kid, but back in my day, if you wanted to see a new trailer,
you had to go see another movie.
I thought you meant they posted a trail, like a separate, like, I think when Blair witch
project came out, you had to download a quick time.
There was no YouTube, but you could like go to MTV.com and get a quick time or something.
Real media.
Yes.
Real player.
Yeah.
Or you just had to go on to like watch TV shows and they'd have a trailer from playing
an exclusive trailer from Blair witch project after entertainment tonight.
They still kind of do that though.
Yeah, they do.
Yeah.
SSJ 100.
Matt says used to be the Haven for pay-per-view and didn't that become Twitch?
Oh yeah.
Justin TV became Twitch.
I always thought there's always rumors that Justin's going to come back, but I kind of,
I don't think Justin TV is going to come back.
I think it's just going to be Twitch is going to get bigger.
That's that's what's going to happen.
I feel like Justin got his stock options and got very rich and is on an island somewhere.
Didn't Justin get let go or am I confusing him with somebody else?
I haven't kept up.
I know.
All right.
I won't go into that drama because I'll put my foot in my space.
Tom is taking, he's a photographer now.
My space.
Dude, my space.
Tom has to have so much fucking money.
Didn't he sell that site when it was still a big deal or did he, did he, was he, was
he gone by the time it was in the ground?
I have no idea.
Did he sell it to Justin Timberlake or something?
I have no idea.
God.
Anyway, uh, let's see.
Uh, also in chat at live.vognetwork.com, uh, let's see a dark tissue says, reminds me of
the one guy, I think he streamed a UFC thing, but framed it as if he was playing one of
the games.
Oh yeah.
That was a news story a while ago.
I was said he was playing UFC, whatever on PlayStation four, but he was actually streaming
the live event and clever.
It's clever, highly illegal, but clever.
My space.
Tom's sold my space in 2005 for $580 million.
Oh my God.
Like, of course he's on a fucking desert island.
Just like what, Oh my God, can you imagine $580 million?
That's winning the power ball basically.
Yeah.
Mostly.
Mostly.
I shouldn't laugh at that.
It's horrible.
Brad fits.
Isn't rolling in it.
The, the founder of life.
Oh, the founder of live journal.
Well, you know, I mean he works at Google now, so he is, but, uh, let's see a rama and
chat over at live.vognetwork.com says after being in the social network, Justin Timberlake
bought my space from Fox interactive.
Oh, that's right.
Cause they sold my space.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I mean it was the whole music thing.
Yeah.
And then they tried to turn my space in the music thing, but I don't think it really worked.
I think it's still there, but it's kind of not, it is not what it was.
Yeah.
It's, it's the source of blackmail photos for everyone.
Oh, right.
Get in there and delete your my spaces.
If you ever had a my space account, I, you better get in there and delete it or those
old pictures are going to come back to haunt your ass.
Thankfully I never posted anything questionable.
Well even like, did you ever post silly things?
Nope.
Well then that's good for you.
I deactivated mine a long time ago, but actually there's a part of me that's kind of sad.
Like I wish I would have downloaded a backup first because you know, that's open.
Like that was like when everybody was going digital for the first time.
So I was like, I've lost this whole series of pictures from a time in my life because
I, I nuked my space.
So that's why I'm glad not everything is on Facebook, that it's like backed up on my phone
and I do back up my phone to my computer once in a while and pull all the pictures down.
So that's the nice thing.
I don't want to have it all online.
All right.
Anyway, we have digressed enough from the topic of my space and discord of Microsoft
and discord.
Does my space have a discord?
You think maybe here's the top eight channels.
All right, let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have
been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was non-existent.
I haven't touched animal crossing in about a week and a half now.
I also have only played a little bit of Pokemon.
I have only played a little bit of Miitomo because I want to just see it through to
its bitter end.
And really it's mostly been watching Dan play, uh, you know, go Korok hunting in a Breath
of the Wild.
And then, yeah, not, not a whole bunch.
Just I've got drag con that I'm getting ready for.
So that's really been the, uh, the extent of it.
Sorry.
All good.
It happens.
Uh, Loki, I'm sure you've had a busy gaming week with the new console.
Yeah, I did.
I, so now of course, since I got the switch, I've been playing tons of Mario Odyssey.
Um, so I haven't gotten that far in the game yet.
My son already beat the game, but he's not collecting everything.
So I'm up to the Lake Kingdom.
I did the tree kingdom and so now just started that and I've got like 72 of the moons already
and yeah, I have got Mario Kart 8 as well, but I haven't actually put that into the system
yet and I'm looking at probably getting more games for it.
I just haven't decided what yet.
Minecraft probably, um, and then maybe some more multiplayer stuff.
I kept looking at Labo and I kept going over and like, cause I saw it everywhere, you know,
this weekend I was like, eh, I picked it up, but all I can think of after looking at my
house and how destroyed it is with the kids crap everywhere, that stuff would just be
all over the goddamn house and destroyed.
So I just, I can't, I cannot buy Labo.
It looks neat, but that they're going to get bored with that so quick that it's not worth
it.
It's just not worth it at all.
So I mean as much fun as it would be to make a piano, I think I'd just be bored with it
immediately.
So not for me, um, but then aside from the Switch stuff, I did play a ton of Pokemon
Go just because I've been in a lot of places that had Poke stops and stuff.
Um, I think, I think it was kind of ironic that, um, one of the first last like research
I had to do was catch three insect type Pokemon and all of a sudden there's no insect type
Pokemon anywhere.
It's like, it's like Paris a lot.
Paris is, I don't know about your neck of the woods, but Paris is herpes around here.
It is everywhere and unstoppable.
But then when they do a special event, Paris is nowhere to be found.
Yeah, it's, it's just, it's, and Venonat is the other one.
Venonat is, is everywhere.
And then when special event rolls in, it's like all the special stuff takes the Venonat
and uh, Paris spawns.
It was nice to be able to get some Wailmers cause I hadn't gotten any of those.
So I got some of those and I've been catching Magikarp and stuff.
I just been just catching as much as I can and just trying to do the daily things.
But I've not been like killing myself if I don't get like certain things or whatever.
Um, I don't know.
It's just a good time killer.
Like my kids are at the park today and so I did that cause the park that we're at had
like three or four Pokestops.
So I just kept walking between them to like, uh, stash up, you know, on the, you know,
more items.
Did you get to a high enough level in Ingress where you can send more, um, Pokestops?
I think it's 10.
Yeah, I'm like 13.
Oh shoot.
Yeah.
Then you can also review.
I mean, I don't, I'm sure.
I did review some.
Yeah.
Just for fun.
I just got bored.
Yeah.
I hear you.
But um, yeah, you can submit too.
Why not?
Yeah, I guess I could.
Um, so I may do that.
Who knows?
Um, then I was, other than that, I mean, that's pretty much it.
It was just mainly just phone games and the switch and now that I have the switch and
I'm this close to get in the Skyrim again.
I don't want to, I don't want to buy Skyrim again.
I'm this close though.
It's tempted.
They're very tempting, but I may just stick with my PC.
I may end up getting on VR though cause that might be fun.
Um, I think better than the switch, but yeah, I mean, I've kind of like looked at the stuff
online.
Um, some of the games are looking at like golf story might be really good.
I hear that's a pretty fun RPG, so I may try that.
Um, blaster masters looks pretty awesome.
Oh, definitely get blast master.
That's a good deal.
So I may do that.
Um, but like, it's kind of like, I've been hard trying to figure out what I want to purchase
on the switch and like even like the Nintendo stuff, it's like, eh, I don't really want
that.
I mean, I'm, I guess I'll have to wait until E3 this year to see what else they're going
to come out with.
I hope they bring back Mario maker cause that's one I am really sad that I had to let go of
because of this, but in the end of the thing I told my son too, cause I backed the ball
with the saves before that.
My PC runs a fucking Wii U emulator like a bomb, so I don't, it's not a big deal that
we're losing some of those Wii U games, so I'll just play it on there.
I think Mario maker would be a good one to come back to, but they did put it on 3DS that
might've been there.
I know, I know.
It's not the same thing.
It's not the same thing.
It's not.
And they like took out something really add anything so I can see them bringing it back
as like a remaster of a game and maybe putting another Mario set in there.
Maybe they do Mario two level Mario two game boy.
Mario two played so different from the other Mario's because it wasn't originally a Mario
game.
So maybe Mario land.
Well I would say another graphic skin they could do easy would be Mario all stars.
That was missing.
I think Mario all stars would be like an extra bonus skin they could put in there and that
would work really well.
Did they add any Odyssey stuff in yet?
But Odyssey is 3D so it doesn't really work.
Well I don't think they would do it, but we need for a 3D Mario maker do Odyssey Galaxy
64.
Sunshine.
I would be that might be a bit much but yeah I mean I'd be for it if they if Nintendo can
pull it off in a Nintendo way.
I mean someone's pulled it off on an emulator for the 64.
I think a Mario maker with the bonus all stars skin would be a smart thing to do.
Mario two like again I'm all for it like in theory it would be awesome and if Nintendo
can kind of figure out how to incorporate that Mario maker but I almost feel like that
would have to be a separate thing because Mario two is not the same game as the others.
Or just bring some.
Although it would be sorry it would be badass if you could like I do think about NES remix
like you know those games and it had these random ass stages where you could play as
the princess in Super Mario Brothers 3.
Like that was some of the weird shit it did.
So actually it would be really rad and I think would justify a re-release of Mario maker
if they did a Super Mario maker with Mario two Mario all stars and you can play as Luigi
Toad and Princess.
That would be right.
Wouldn't that be awesome.
But and then people would really have to think about some of the levels and the fact that
you know Toad and Princess and Luigi and some of the things they could do would be different.
So I don't know.
There's a lot to do with it.
Yeah there's a lot you could do with it.
So OK J.D. how was your gaming week.
It was good.
Yeah.
I've been also playing Odyssey.
I've beaten the game already.
So but they put in a lot of updates recently.
Like they introduced I mean this is in the past couple of months but I haven't really
picked it up until now.
They put in a Luigi balloon mode where it's hide and seek with balloons and that's been
a lot of fun.
And it's a huge coin maker like I will never need to grind for coins again with this mode.
So they put in a bunch of new costumes to buy.
So I've been playing dress up and I finally went through the stupid volleyball moon where
you have to like hit it a hundred times.
I've also been playing Splatoon within the single player mode mostly Splatoon 2.
Splatoon 2.
Yeah.
Sorry I don't have the first one.
Yeah.
The single player mode has like a bunch of collectibles so that's what I've been doing.
And they recently like in the past week put Callie in if you've beaten the game.
So I wanted to see what that was about.
I've also been buying a bunch of 3DS games when they go on sale on my Nintendo.
It's like 30% off and you know it's a digital copy so I'm on board with that.
So I've recently gone most of the way through Paper Mario Sticker Star which I have feelings
about.
And then.
Just wait a minute elaborate on this please.
I mean the Paper Mario series is pretty inconsistent like it's the first two games were fantastic
and then the Wii one was a bit of a departure and I feel like it's kind of deteriorated
from there.
I love the Wii one.
I mean that's the only one I played so I don't know.
It's different like the first two are much more like standard RPGs and the Wii one was
like a hybrid platformer RPG.
And then Sticker Star like is just a like it's kind of a weird like run around adventure
kind of a thing.
And the thing that really bothers me the most is that you in order to attack you have to
use stickers which are consumable and I'm the kind of gamer who hoards everything because
I might need it someday.
And I have all these I have hundreds of potions in Skyrim and I may need them at some point.
Right.
The inventory management was really difficult because you can only hold so many and then
it's like well OK I might need this because I only have so many jumps but there's this
really big one that's powerful that I want to hang on to because I just found it and
if I don't make room for it I'll lose it.
But then I have to get rid of the attacks that I'm using because you can't do anything
without a sticker like that whole mechanic really did not work for me.
And then I've been playing Animal Crossing Pocket Camp and Pokemon Go.
Animal Crossing they put in loot boxes that are cutesy fortune cookies and like literally
everybody I've read anything about like on Reddit or whatever is upset about it because
they cost a pretty significant amount of real world money to get for the most part and you're
not guaranteed uniques.
So like I think the stats someone posted said if you were to buy enough fortune cookies
to get one of each item if you had perfect luck it would be like $20.
Wait the only person I always defer to Jamie when it comes to Animal Crossing is this kind
of why I stopped playing.
Oh yeah.
Oh so this you are not you're not a fan of this either.
No.
So it has taken the fun out of it for me.
Yikes.
Yikes Nintendo.
A lot of Animal Crossing players like to complete the catalog because that's you know all the
items you know it's fashion it's whatever and fortune cookie items the paid ones or
I mean you can do it with in game currency sort of a little bit but not like all of it.
Those also go in the same catalog.
So it's like well you have to either be OK with an incomplete list of everything or pay
real world money and it's gambling because you don't know are you going to get the rare
or are you going to get the stupid two star item that you've got four times already.
Yeah there's there's a lot of content that they put in that's been locked behind.
Not only is it paid but it's limited time.
Like they put in a fortune cookie that's like here's a bunch of game consoles that
you can get for your house or for your campsite.
But this is only here for two weeks.
Like it's it's yeah it's frustrating.
OK.
All right.
Well we're going to move on to me and my gaming week.
My gaming week was kind of a potpourri of a lot of different type of stuff.
I've randomly got back into Diablo 3 it's like Diablo is one of those it's one of those
old flings.
You just kind of end up going back to once in a while and they ever going to bring that
to the switch because you know those are those rumors I know we talked we talked about previously
I'll be a very interesting sort of like the most land Diablo experience would be if they
brought it to switch and everybody could play Diablo on their own screens or gauntlet.
I'll play gauntlet on multiplayer like gauntlet would be a lot more possible because they
did have that gauntlet remake a couple of years ago that was on PlayStation 4 and Steam
and all that.
So there's no reason they couldn't put that on switch if they wanted to.
I don't know if they're still you know supporting gauntlet but anyway.
So I was playing I was playing that and kind of got sucked back into the season play season
13 right now so I've been working on that I'm almost to level 70 I have a little more
ways to go.
So I've been doing that on PC.
Also been playing Overwatch continuing to do that especially since they still have that
special event going on.
I still have yet to get a skin for that oh wait no I take it back I got a Reinhardt skin
great a character I never pick in a quick play I got a skin for them oh well.
All I wanted was the Kris Jenner Sombra skin that's all I wanted and instead you got Alexis
Michelle basically.
So anyway I've been playing a little bit of Overwatch and I've actually not been playing
as much Final Fantasy 14 lately I'm kind of waiting for the next content patch and that
I'll log in to keep my house and my account active but that's about it.
And then randomly I was on Xbox One playing some stuff on there so I talked about Gianna
Sisters earlier and since you were visiting this weekend I was like let's look at some
of the backwards compatible stuff you had never seen Beaten Groovy before and I was
like let me show you how Konami shot themselves in the foot when they tried to launch Papa
Music here in the US and so we played Beaten Groovy which I still to this day I don't know
why anybody wasted a second of time trying to make that game backwards compatible I mean
I guess making something else backwards compatible made that backwards compatible so I was like
hey bonus but that game is a waste of everything so but I had to show you what an abomination
was so we got to see that that was fun right you know they have a popin music game on the
Wii too I know I never played it yeah I didn't either is it yeah I was like is it interesting
I tell you what my Wii is homebrew enabled so I might at some point when I'm bored just
like download it and try it there you go and then um let's see uh also I've still been
playing Minecraft what the heck I'm still playing Minecraft I um I was playing a little
bit more on that so after last you need to tell me when after last week's show we went
on to twitch and I did a world called Miss Vanjie that but it was like spelled in all
caps this time so I got a different world and we're actually doing a little bit of multiplayer
and I still kind of went on in that world but I got really frustrated that I could not for the
life of me find any iron like just freaking iron I was like not finding so finally I decided to
give up on Miss Vanjie and on the I think it was Thursday night I rolled a new world because I
wanted to see what it looked like if you let the chest and the village start in the game because I
hadn't seen any of that so I started a new world called proportion izing it was my seed do you like
that I like that one I did and some some of you out there will get the reference some work but
some won't but I started a new world called proportion izing and it's actually probably my
favorite seed I've done yet so there is that it's all in lowercase proportion izing and I was able
to quickly build a little shelter in the side of the mountain and then there's a little village
that's like right there and so I kind of got to see that village mechanic but damn they want a lot
of shit to give you an emerald oh my god they weren't like the one guy wants like 25 pieces
of paper for one emerald and I'm like where's sugar cane around here it's fine emeralds yeah
where do you find it Oh emeralds are in the care in their abandoned mine shafts do you yell Eureka
when you find something I do I do and and there are is plenty of iron that was the I started not
far from this gigantic cave entrance and it was like one of those were like the underground was
already like really opened up and there's all these places to go in the underground and so
I was finding hella iron in there so I was able to make myself a full suit of armor pretty quick
so yeah I was pretty happy with that anyway minecraft minecraft minecraft but like I'm
actually into minecraft but I'm gonna kind of dial it back a bit because I'm waiting for mr.
black wolf to be available again so we can start our official vog realm so we can invite switch
players Xbox players and PC players to all play together on the vog realm which we will see what
drag race word of the will be available technically Android and iOS players oh yeah Android iOS
players so yeah everybody will be able to play on that realm so I'll be fun as 200 Matt says I need
to get back into minecraft yeah it's fun it's fun but I'm having a hard time kind of breaking like
past that first phase of the game when you're collecting iron when you start have to like
really start collecting the other stuff for like redstone like you know you need redstone to be able
to make a compass and all that other stuff you know when you can kind of really start to go into
the next phase of the game but yeah just dig on down I know you gotta keep keep digging down keep
digging how do you know you've hit the bottom in minecraft do you hit is it all lava at the bottom
it's bedrock you won't be able to go any further okay okay and you see like this like weird black
fog type stuff oh interesting okay well I'll so I have yet to hit absolute rock bottom it's like
I don't remember like the exact depth I know like I remember his many down as it is up it's like 64
down and 64 oh it's more than that is there than 128 down 128 up maybe yeah it's got to be some
power of two otherwise you're talking 256 down that's that's I think it might be 256 is it really
I don't know I can look it up I'm sure it's on the way you've done that thing where you find the
edge of the world and everything goes crazy I play on the worlds that keep like they go forever
yeah that you can't find the edge ever I just remember that being a thing once yeah I know
well especially because I guess they split so now you just have minecraft which are all the
connected versions are just minecraft you have minecraft PlayStation 4 Edition because it's not
connected to the others you have minecraft Java Edition which is the old-school minecraft where
you still have to like craft everything by hand and stuff and that has probably what you're talking
about yeah yeah so but I like I like Windows 10 minecraft a lot and I'm really excited for when
they do the super duper graphics 4k thing that's gonna be I know 4k minecraft I'm so excited but
the weather effects are what I'm really looking forward to I think they'll look really cool yeah
all right anyway that's enough for my gaming week so I'm gonna quickly say that you can follow us on
Twitter at twitter.com slash olr we're also on Facebook at orange lounge radio and that's really
all I have to announce tonight not a lot of announcements we I'm considering taking the
show off when she goes to drag con so that's gonna be in two weeks but I'll have a final call on that
next week because it looks like I'm gonna be in San Francisco that weekend hanging with JD because
that's Eurovision weekend apparently is the same weekend is so I may just end up staying in San
Francisco so later the total height of the map is 256 okay so 128 up 128 but the highest they
basically the way they say is the highest sea level or sea water levels give me 62 so you think
it's not quite even it's not even so like you're probably looking at 180 something down got it okay
I see so it's not it's not evil and they have four layers of bedrock too so okay got it why
do they have four layers of bedrock if because it's a seed and so it's just kind of scattered
around so you don't fall through it okay interesting okay all right well we're going to
move on to some news and the news this week and of course again if you're listening live you can
always join us at live.vognetwork.com I want to say I was looking at chat cuz there's a really
funny comment I read earlier that I wanted to read oh here it is I I missed this comment earlier I
want to read it now MXC in our chat room said my gaming week was non-existent because Rob named
drop the soap opera passions last week so my time was spent binging that goddamn show you're welcome
and tell me tell me you don't love Tabitha and Timmy but try not to be sad because Timmy actually
like passed away halfway through the making of that show and I think they replaced Timmy with a
female doll at some point I don't remember I need to go back and binge the show myself to remember
so or to quote the wonderful show dinosaurs uh-huh we're gonna need new Timmy all right news let's
get into some gaming news Loki all right so Nintendo is getting a new president so basically
the previous president which was Tatsumi can we have Nintendo influence America I couldn't resist
sorry please continue Tatsumi Kimishima it basically is gonna step down and replacing them
is gonna be Shintaro Furukawa and I guess he joined the company in 1994 where he was he's
been an outside director of the Pokemon company since 2012 and then a managing executive officer
and then supervisor of corporate analysis and administration division and director of Nintendo
since 2016 so doesn't really say anything's gonna really change from that but I guess well they're
not gonna okay they're not gonna be like we changed our president and the whole get a hold
on your butts because everything is gonna fucking change not everything's gonna change I know like
when we had like our company had president changes or CEO changes you know that basically it's not
necessarily the direction but like kind of their focus may have changed like they might be one in
the focus more on like one aspect of the company or one direction versus another so you may have
like a difference in like kind of where they want to use where they want the company to go and well
what's also interesting is that this this new president what was his name again I'm it's gonna
take some getting used to free kumashima oh kimishim is that no kimishim is the no it's a
Furukawa Furukawa yeah Furukawa is the new president he's only like 45 years old right
yeah it's 46 years old 46 years old okay so he's seven years older than me so he grew up on the
Nintendo he grew up in a world where Nintendo was already I couldn't think of a more perfect person
for that yeah right um and well I mean what I'm assuming is by going with somebody who is a little
more younger you know not that I am for age discrimination but when a wada took over Nintendo
he was a younger guy too if I remember right and he really became kind of the face of Nintendo I
mean obviously you know Miyamoto just you know I would hope with like someone that is a bit younger
like that would be a little bit more tech savvy and so we don't have any of these scenarios where
it's like we don't know what Xbox Live is like and so you know like I think they have like this
is years ago that we talked about this like where they didn't even it seemed like they didn't know
what their competition was doing in the realm of like network at least he doesn't look as scary as
Yamauchi did cuz I always thought that he looked like he was former Yakuza or something I know
every time we would watch like Dan and I would watch a Nintendo documentary we would just say
it's Yamauchi of the Yamauchi gumi hmm so well and I think a lot of people are wondering like did
did Kimishima do something wrong or was were they unhappy with him he wants a younger guy well I
think that was what he said right well it's part that but I think the other thing to remember is
that I do recall when they put Kimishima and they were like this is this was always temporary yeah
and basically you know it wasn't that he wasn't doing well it was just basically said that Kimishima
thought that Nintendo's management needed to be younger to better understand its customers thank
you thank you well in Kimishima I mean you know here's the thing I'm not gonna knock him at all
because he he did exactly what he needed to do he carried out a wata's vision he was a financial
guy and you can say that you can certainly say Nintendo is in a great fucking place financially
now the switch has done very well you know and all this stuff so I know Kimishima has done what
he went there to do so I think he's been the guy that kind of his role was to fully carry out what
a wata was working on now you're gonna have this new guy come in that's gonna be okay what's the
next Nintendo system what's the next direction for Nintendo and I think that's what this new
guy is gonna be coming in to do in part not to say that Nintendo probably doesn't already have
a plan in place for the next few years and maybe even has an idea of what their next system is but
I think this is going to be the guy that then carries that next system out and I think it's
probably gonna be more of a face of the company like Kimishima he never showed up in Nintendo
Directs no he didn't do any of the the shows or anything they always sent Reggie to any of the
American talk shows maybe Miyamoto with his that infamous thumbs up thumbs down thing from the
Tonight Show and all that but for the most part you know those are the guys making all the public
appearances so I'm imagining because this guy is younger he and maybe just his attitude I mean we
haven't really seen this guy yet maybe he is going to be more of the guy you're gonna see and be like
that face of Nintendo now and that I'm assuming that's kind of why they're doing this transition
now so my assumption is that e3 is going to be this guy's big unveiling he you because the
transition doesn't happen till the end of May right it doesn't actually become effective till
then or mid-may or something that probably yeah so e3 is going to be the official unveiling of
this new CEO and that's when you're gonna really get to meet him and know his personality I think
a little bit in the Nintendo Direct at least that's my said summer so I don't know okay when
that's one they're determining summer is gonna be okay all right fair enough fair enough so yeah so
again I it's kind of one of those things where it's like oh shoot Nintendo got a new president
like I wasn't expecting that but it's like oh wait a minute but you know Kimishima was supposed
to be a temporary guy he wasn't you know he was only gonna be there to really finish off what a
wata had started and and now we're starting to see really okay now what is the future
Nintendo look like so very interested to see what this guy does no pressure right right maybe hope
a virtual console on maybe you maybe he will if he you know what if he grew up on Famicom games
then maybe he's gonna say I want to play those games again we need to figure out a way to make
those games back out there I wouldn't be surprised if he had gaming watches when he was a kid you
know for the market they were intended for course of course now is the right type of nostalgia to
cash in on well and and is it going to be another classic NES I mean because there's no reason why
Nintendo could not wouldn't do like a classic NES too and it could take you know what they could
absolutely do a classic NES too and it's shaped like the new Nintendo's that hardly anybody had
the top loaders you know what I mean so there's no reason they couldn't do another one of those
I still wanted to get one of the Famicom style ones oh one of the classic Famicoms yeah except
the thing that I always hated about the Famicom is that the controllers are attached and really
short hmm all right well let's move on to other Microsoft news and Jason alluded to this in the
intro and I find this very fascinating there's a new April Xbox update and it started coming out
you're starting to see that on the Xbox one and there's a lot of new stuff with it including
advanced video modes that will allow you to smooth out displays club and community tournament
improvements and this is pretty big deal you can share your controller with one of your viewers on
mixer so whereas the PlayStation has share play which is more of a private thing right you kind
of streamed one of your friends and they can take your controller mixer is gonna allow you to do
this with your viewers you know and mixer again if you didn't already know is Microsoft's kind of
competitor for twitch and it's interesting to see you know they're really trying to think of some
different ideas than which twitch is provided so this is this is very different and I think you
would crack the joke before the show before we went online you could give your controller over
to somebody on mixer and then that person could go in and delete all your save files I don't think
that's gonna be how it works I know well you and I imagine you can take the controller back in a
heartbeat if if somebody's fucking around or whatever with this will be low latency mode so
if the TV has a low latency or game mode your Xbox is gonna be able to communicate you're playing a
game to the device and switch the mode automatically so it's gonna tell your TV to switch future is now
that's right also adding support for 2560 by 1440 that's kind of neat to variable refresh rate start
the mixer broadcast anywhere on Xbox one and a pause animation if you switch games or go to the
dashboard you can share screenshots directly to Twitter now which I think PlayStation 4 is let
you've done that do that for a while but Xbox will have you do that light and dark themes for
everybody a high contrast theme probably for those that need a little help with the site things
improvements to Xbox narrator again great accessibility changes their balance in game
audio and streamed music spatial audio on the Xbox one dashboard an updated edge browser woohoo
anyone can create community tournaments new filters to club feeds club admins can filter
invitation requests and experimental new features oh I like a system that experiments but that's
everything to look forward to in the April update so what do you guys think controller sharing on
mixer is this a good thing or is this a waste of time on Microsoft to put this in I think it's a
waste of time I just don't know yet how that's gonna be utilized and I guess we'll have to see
when people are streaming how they utilize that hey play my game while I pee yeah play my game
while I pee pretty much I wonder if they're gonna try to do like twitch plays Pokemon style stuff
like because mixer is their streaming thing and like twitch plays Pokemon was probably one of the
first times I heard twitch being like a big name so maybe they're trying to go for something like
plays pub G can you imagine a thing though we're like mixer plays Pokemon well yeah it'll probably
be a Microsoft game but racer plays halo or something where each person can control for
one second yeah I mean like maybe that's the kind of like creative stuff they're trying to win you
know get on board with who knows guys you don't chat says PlayStation 4 been doing share play out
the box I don't think that was out the box the streaming was out of the box on the PlayStation
4 but I don't think share play came in till later yeah that wasn't until later where you
could share your controller with somebody else I didn't come in till later but but the difference
here is on PlayStation 4 it's private on mixer it's gonna be public right I think it's for
different intents so I don't know if it's gonna be the same right yeah just let me like hey you
want to try this game or want play co-op with me but you could and share please share please
though it's not so that's why I'm kind of confused on this so like is this where like I can start a
game say of halo death match or something like that and I could have three other people join
like to play local play type thing like they're like remotely controlling player two three and
four or is this gonna be like hey I'm playing halo you take over the controls for me and I'm
like hands off and I'm just gonna commentate on you playing this or something either or would be
if it's like share play it would be either or so but the other thing would be that they'd have to
kind of have the load that they'd have to have really good latency but I think mixer already
has like super low latency because mixer is kind of the way twitch used to be before twitch got
really big remember how like it was almost instantaneous on twitch previously and now
there's like what a 25 second delay or something on twitch whereas on mixer I think it's much lower
so maybe you know cuz it isn't gonna be hard to play a platforming game or something if it's not
like instantaneous the nice thing about share play is it does feel really good like it's not like I
wouldn't play a music game or anything on it but playing like other like playing like monster
hunter or something like you it does feel normal like you're playing a normal game instantaneous
you're gonna have people stream sniping these guys but I mean well I don't think you're just gonna be
able to like you're gonna have to give permission for somebody to take controls well right what I'm
saying is though is if it's instantaneous in order for it to be able to handle something like this
people are gonna be able to watch people play PUBG yeah and they can stream snipe them because
there's no delay well you could do that now anyway no you can't because there's a delay in playing
the game there's like a 25 second delay you said no mixer doesn't have that delay and the mixers
never had that delay oh it's it's much shorter but it's gonna have to get even shorter you know
I mean right anyway I'm excited to see what this is and I like that mixer is doing these sorts of
things to really try to differentiate themselves from twitch like it does kind of make me go I
should be doing stuff more stuff with mixer but then I go but twitch will pay me so or at least I
there is a money-making mechanism through twitch right now so you know there is there is that to
consider and and I think if mixer could kind of figure that all out like I know you can become a
mixer partner and stuff but you know it's it's not they need that more entry-level type of program I
think to really have that take off it'll come in and if it doesn't then if this is popular then
twitch will just copy it but twitch hasn't been copying what make sure does I would have thought
for sure twitch would have jacked the multi stream thing by now but they haven't this is interesting
all right maybe it's because in a lot of streams on mixer it's very messy and that's because you
can do a multi stream of four people but the problem is all four people keep talking over
each other like these people need to use like a unified chat environment or something where it
would make the streams a lot cleaner if they did that's how they do it with awesome games done
quick it's basically just you have audio from one whoever's in the lead that's the audio you hear
yeah however they rotate it around yeah looking in chat at live dog network comms Kaijuto says
twitch probably can't do it because they don't have the tech they're related to Amazon now don't
forget they've got they've got plenty of tech let's see blueberry and chat says can Xbox now
play local co-op online or only with gold oh that's a good question about would gold people
only be able to use the mixer control we don't know that do we know if that's only available to
gold or not good question because share play on PlayStation 4 you have to have PlayStation
Plus to take the controller you don't have to have PlayStation Plus to watch but you have to
have PlayStation Plus to take the controller so that's a very good question and I'm not sure one
that has been answered yet so all right well let's move on with some other stories dark soccer what
do you have for us oh in other news there are well you know hackers gonna hack and data miners
gonna data mine so there are some new Super Mario Odyssey costumes coming out they the names were
data mined in February but now the designs are released so we have a zombie outfit that's got
Mario all green and happy and torn to bits with an axe in his head that's charming there's also I
guess a looks like a 17th century or 18th century French nobleman outfit complete with wig there's
an astronaut no maybe a racer it looks kind of like a race car driver yeah there's a Santa
there's a weird Viking looking one I guess it's definitely race because it says Mario
Motors on him there's also a little dress and dude I guess these are the Bowser marriage
these are the brutal the brutal yeah yeah one of those has been officially released like there is
a news piss on the switch channel and everything that's not the one that's in this picture though
that's the one of the green one with a hat yeah this is like a pretty dress and a weird-looking
courier typer or courtier type person and another one is a dude in a sombrero so that's all of the
brutal that's cool if you like collecting the outfits I'm sure that Nintendo is just gonna
gradually roll those out because they've been doing that for the past like a couple of months
it just it keeps Odyssey kind of fresh in people's mind the zombie one is a little surprising I
wouldn't be surprised if these are tied with holidays because you have the zombie one that
could be Halloween you have one that looks like George Washington Independence Day and Santa
Claus obviously that's gonna be st. Patrick's Day I mean so what about Hanukkah Mario Rob you know
they always ignore us for any holidays I know but there's like maybe five Jews in Japan maybe
toad is the Jewish one maybe maybe they're not there actually is a very large Jewish community
in Japan oh I didn't because even though they were allied with the Nazis during World War two they
did open their borders to Jewish refugees interesting history lesson there you go more than a bargain
for on oil art but no it's pretty much just all of the commercial holidays okay fair enough
race day I love race day I mean that's probably a Mario Kart tie-in they've been doing like the
Satellaview costume and like other Nintendo wait which one's the dress oh okay yeah yeah the girl
brutal yeah there's three names so for Mario's quinceaera I think the wedding dress would work
for the quinceaera actually yeah it's honestly honestly like I I'm like when I hear these Mario
costume stories I'm like okay cool me I'm never gonna change out of the wedding dress like the
Mario on the wedding dress is the only way I can play Mario Odyssey because it's just it lends
itself to non-stop amazing screenshots I like playing with different hats and the wedding
dress because like the juxtaposition is crazy what you like to have a say-something hat I mean
you know that I've seen it I like I like going into the 8-bit Mario whenever you go into those
sections and seeing what the costume looks like mm-hmm that's always fun um for real though like
I thought I was always gonna play with the wedding dress but then they released the sunshine outfit
and I was like this is my aesthetic we're good okay fair enough all right I go to a chat over at
live dot vog and network comm Raginator in chat says costumes as DLC and Mario Odyssey reminds
me of little big planet on PlayStation 3 another game that had tons and tons of costumes were they
it some you had to pay for some you didn't you would unlock as you play different levels it's
kind of a mix-and-match there especially if it was licensed you probably had to pay for it like
I remember having yes some of them you do they do those like it's like an actual like level pack
like I remember Pirates of the Caribbean one I got I kind of miss a little big planet like I know
that I know they did one on PlayStation 4 but it's been a few I'm ready for I'm ready for another
little bit got it yeah we got it free not too long ago well you're not gonna get a little big player
and get that was it dreams or whatever they call that now which is sort of like a little big plan
but not sure they'll have a little big planet costumes in there cool I guess all of those
costumes though have been free they aren't DLC in the fact that you have to buy them which makes
me think maybe they're doing all of this build-up to announce like DLC 83 or something like I'd be
so down for Mario Odyssey DLC I feel like they're not done with the game because they keep rolling
out new things you know with as much crap as we give Nintendo and online they do DLC very fucking
well like their DLC stuff that they do is like really robust yeah I've already bought the
Splatoon DLC even though it's not even out yeah well sure but that's that's how they get you all
right let's move on we have more new speaking of a time to announce things right Logie right so
let's talk about III III is right around the corner just in June and we've already got the
press conference schedule so starting things off everything is still kind of walking and taking
place on the weekend before almost so Saturday you have EA which was June 9th at 11 p.m. Pacific
time so they're gonna have their conference then month or on Sunday they're gonna have of course
the Microsoft press event at 1 p.m. and then of course interrupting our show as they've done in
the last few years we have Bethesda fault certainly are shortly after and I hear rumors at least I
there was a rumored list of like some you know the Microsoft marketing rights for certain games
and all their scroll six is on there and I'm like please so we'll see they're just gonna give us a
name yeah it's not gonna come out for years but I they have to really scatter out now it's time
for Elder Scrolls six no they need to release Skyrim on four more platforms nope six it's on
all the platforms it's not mobile yet but it's not on 3ds scroll six would be this year uh-huh
that's it you know what though we say like oh it wouldn't be for years but you know they've been
working on it for a long time though I think and they don't tend to announce shit until like it's
gonna come out that year like what do they have coming out this year I mean I don't really know
what their lineup is at all everything that they've announced is already out I think maybe doom 2 I
think would have been would be a logical choice like a doom 2 and perhaps I would have assumed
like a Fallout New Vegas type type of there could be a new like a remaster of Fallout New Vegas or
something like that maybe or just like a spin-off fallout with the Fallout 4 engine but I fuck if
it's Elder Scrolls 6 this year sign me up like you are allowed to interrupt OLR to announce
a new Elder Scrolls 6 anyways then on Monday of course we have Ubisoft at 1 p.m. Pacific and then
following that Nintendo is gonna have their thing on Tuesday at starting at 9 now what exactly
Nintendo's thing is gonna be well we've got a little bit more information regarding that so on
June 11th they're gonna do a Splatoon 2 World Championship and that's gonna be from 3 30 p.m.
to 6 p.m. Pacific time with the finals on the 12th they're gonna have their video presentation at 9
a.m. on June 12th as well and of course they're gonna include Smash Brothers in that as you know
on top of other announcements they're gonna do the Nintendo treehouse live for three days
afterwards kind of similar to what they've done in the past and then Super Smash Brothers invitationals
2018 which is gonna be on June 12th they didn't see though which version of the game that is I
feel like it's got to be the Wii U one maybe who knows if the new one is an upgrade ish of the Wii
U one then they could do the new one yeah you mean if it's an enhanced remake kind of if it's
like I don't know it'll say Splatoon 2 to Splatoon 1 but some of the Splatoon players don't like that
comparison but anyway yeah so at least that's what's coming and just right around the corner
you'll not even like two months away in a month and a couple days I'm looking at chat over at
live.vognetware.com sj100 Matt says Bethesda will probably announce at least another mobile game
that will go live when the presentation is over that seems to be their deal okay they had the
fallout shelter they had a trading card game yeah I think they've kind of done that before
maybe it's got maybe a Skyrim an Elder Scrolls game that was a trading card game was Elder
Scrolls well shit uh dungeon buster says Elder Scrolls online is getting another expansion this
summer set in the Somerset region of Tamriel but I Elder Scrolls online I would think has kind of
like their own dedicated team at this point and like what they're doing doesn't really influence
the production yeah that that they that's already coming out so they may talk about a little bit
saying hey this just came out but I don't think it's gonna be SSJ 100 Matt suggests Wolfenstein
Nazi punching clicker game I'm in I'm in all right e3 look forward to it well this is a game
I know you're gonna see a lot of it e3 but we got some more information this week on shadow of the
Tomb Raider because there was a new trailer that showed up for the game that made its way online
and there was a panel that occurred at the Tribeca Film Festival of all places talking must be
because of the movie where they were talking a little bit about shadow of the Tomb Raider and
it sounds like behind the scenes some press got to play about 45 minutes of the new game so you'll
probably see plenty more of this e3 this year but they're definitely ramping up for shadow of the
Tomb Raider which I'm assuming must be a holiday release this must be one of the big holiday
releases they talk about Laura goes from being being hunted to becoming the hunter she's smart
and resourceful and there's more stealth in the game I guess they have the game in the jungle this
time she goes from Mexico to Peru she has all the skills she got in the previous games so they had
to put her in an environment where she's still in danger and the jungle kind of works for that
dr. Dominguez is the name of the antagonist the head of Trinity they'll talk a little bit more
about that at e3 they also say the game is gonna have a lot of open exploration and will have a
lot of characters that can be met in the world apparently even in the first sequence there's
other people and you weren't really used to I mean you kind of would run into other people
here and there in the old Tomb Raider games but you're gonna definitely kind of see more people
than this and also swimming underwater so Laura's learned to swim like well and there are I'm sure
she's got some things that keep her afloat I'm kidding okay and there are special things and
secrets to be found by taking risks and swimming deeper someone got the joke thank you all right
anyway there'll be more to come at e3 by the way just you know I das Montreal is actually making
this game it is not coming from Crystal Dynamics it's actually I das Montreal that's doing this
game so some people have asked well why is I das Montreal doing this and basically they they they
kind of gave a line about well since we did Deus Ex mankind divided it fits perfectly with Laura's
arc we're the perfect choice new it's new flavors you don't always want to do the same thing I don't
know why they just didn't fucking say Crystal Dynamics is doing the Marvel game we already
knew that they it's not a secret they announced that at last e3 the Crystal Dynamics is doing
this Marvel game so we were talking a little bit about how they're the rumors of like where they
were trying to tie in like just cause and stuff like that with other you know properties within
this mm-hmm Marvel Universe we're gonna bring them into the Marvel Universe now because you know
no because Disney that's that's where things get complicated there but well I would imagine
this a Marvel game is something we've got to see more about it this I hope so but if if Shadow of
the Tomb Raider is kind of Square Enix is big kind of this side of the shores release for the
end of the year I would assume the Marvel project is maybe spring early summer next year to tie in
with the net because the the last move well I the last is it the last movie the next movie the next
Avengers movie that's the last part of this fit because I can't imagine they're gonna stop making
Avengers movies I don't the actors contracts are up after this next one or a lot of them it's they
have a way to deal with that based on the last movie so it'll be fine all right all right fine
so fascinating whatever the the last known Avengers movie is next summer right because they they must
have done these two back-to-back right they said that it was gonna I think I saw on Twitter like
370 days so it's almost it's a little over a year from now okay so it's but it is is next is it's
2019 is the last movie which does not have a title because I guess that would be a spoiler okay the
title what I'm really a spoiler so I'll say no more but okay so I mean it would make a lot of
sense if crystal dynamics you know is gonna drop this you know what I imagine is going to be you
know if it's anything like the Tomb Raider reboot that game was fucking rad when it came out like it
really was kind of pushing the envelope you know and if they're gonna do that with Marvel and make
a heaven forbid good movie video game tie-in brace yourselves then or it could be terrible
Marvel Ultimate Alliance was pretty good yeah that's true that's true but I mean like something
on the level of like Tomb Raider with Marvel characters is gonna be badass I don't know how
that would play but yeah I want to see what it is and we're just assuming that it's going to be
a Tomb Raider game with Marvel characters there's obviously they think they have an empty palette
they can do whatever they want but it would make a lot of sense I don't know dark soccer you like
Marvel would you play a Tomb Raider with Marvel characters yes yeah me too so I'm all for I really
just wanted Jessica Jones game she just walks around drinking and then punching people okay
so like Phoenix Wright but with Jessica Jones no I would like that no it needs it needs more
violence all right okay and she doesn't do courtroom so okay but like the investigative
part yeah but I don't want like Phoenix Wright so like Sam and more like instead of objection
it's just a punch I would maybe if it had to be like a visual novel so I'd want it to be more
like danganronpa okay but I'd rather it be like just a standard so you want a danganronpa game
with Jessica Jones not really I just want a game just like a standard more like L.A. noir maybe
okay but you know that type of game all right that's fair so well we'll see we'll see I'm
hoping this e3 we're gonna hear a little more about what that is because I'm assuming that's
gonna be a tie-in for the next Avengers movie release since we know it's only a year out so
some folks in chat are talking about Captain Marvel and how that's currently filming and
Tiger Claw says Captain Marvel is gonna be interesting because that movie is set in the
90s and we'll deal with the Scrolls so she has Rachel here all right I'm I'm looking forward
to not seeing it because I don't see any other Marvel like Rachel from Friends yes Oh the Rachel
the Rachel haircut yeah she has the Rachel haircut that's okay because I I love Carol Danvers as a
character which I was really disappointed that it was Trish and not Carol Danvers in the Jessica
Jones series cuz in alias in the pulse her BFF is Carol Danvers but I don't mind if we get a
whole Carol Danvers movie that makes me happy how do you feel about Brie Larson I'm super happy
because I mean the last thing I saw her in was Scott Pilgrim oh right right oh my god like all
those actors and actresses of Scott Pilgrim like went on to like these huge things it's crazy yeah
so I like Brie Larson and she's got a great voice yeah and she's a Sacramento person isn't she
Sacramento actresses I think she is hmm her and that other redhead all right anyway let's move on
Dark Sakura what do you have for us well a game that I'm actually very interested in that has been
on my radar this week but it's a very interesting one not just for how it's played but the the
content as well but it's an interaction an interactive story it's it's a smartphone game
as well called bury me my love and it's about a woman named now or who's trying to escape the
civil war in Syria by fleeing to Europe and the story is told through text messages however it's
based on stories of actual Syrian refugees who you know are trying to communicate with people
back home to show their you know their experiences with this and it makes a very strong statement on
what these people are going through and of course the you know the reactions around the world and
on top of this too you actually get to see the results of your decisions almost immediately like
do you do you sleep somewhere dangerous do you try to pay to bypass dangerous places you know
and what the consequences of these actions are gonna be so and this is made by pixel hunt and
it looks amazing and I think it would make me cry and it's on both iOS and Android I like the concept
of the game where it's kind of like playing when you're not playing it type of thing mm-hmm how it
might send you like text messages as notifications and yeah it's kind of neat yeah that's a very
interesting interface and I just think I would cry so all right well you should download it and have
a cry you should download it and then support or if the refugees fair enough is there any tie-in
for fundraising for that to the game I didn't see sorry all right well there's other mobile games you
could play right look good yes in fact if you're a Harry Potter fan there's a new Hogwarts game
that's on mobile playing it Hogwarts mystery and basically the game has it takes place before the
actual events in the books so you're trying to investigate I guess your brother has run away or
been expelled from school and trying to figure that stuff out but the thing that everybody loves
the most about this and it's you know wonderful trope of mobile games is energy gotta love that
energy oh you want to do that action well I'm sorry you can't because of energy if only you
had more energy and so that is one of the gripes that people have been making about the game is
that oh yeah you want to get out of the escape the devil's snare hope you have enough energy
you're gonna have to buy that with premium currency the dar Cyrus since you've been playing it have
you been annoyed by energy yet I'll be honest I haven't been playing get a whole bunch so she
probably hasn't hit the wall yet cuz usually usually you can play a good chunk of the game
where it keeps giving you items that will give you energy so you can go for a little while and
the BAM you hit a wall yeah I mean it looks cool to me you go to classes you learn spells and that
kind of stuff you can pick which house you're in so to be fair if it is a good game then you know
kicking a little money at it shouldn't be the end of the world it's kind of like you know Super
Mario run if that was something you were into then you pay ten dollars and get the full game
right or you buy it for five dollars when it's on sale or that if you are lucky enough to get it at
that point but yeah I mean but it's I guess they chose not to go that route with this game where
they could have just had you hit a wall and say pay five bucks to pass they decided to do the
energy thing yes maybe because the five dollars ten dollars to pass thing didn't work out so well
for super because it works in other mobile games and maybe figure they're gonna make some money
that way maybe all right well I downloaded it but I haven't played it yet I'm looking forward
to Harry Potter wizards unite because of the whole AR gaming thing but we'll see I'm hoping
it'll let me be a Slytherin that'll be fun anyway before we get to the classic game of the week
let's talk about some twitch news it's only fair we talked about some mixer news how about some
twitch news so apparently now you know how you can give people bits on twitch which yeah when
you're watching my stream over at Rob Roberts cheap plug you can show me your biddies you can
give me biddies while I'm playing games and that actually basically you're giving me money which
who doesn't like money and honestly the money just goes to pay for all this stuff here at OLR
like I just paid the hosting bill for the network this week and yeah but anyway no it's fine it's
fine um but obviously money helps buy new games and who doesn't like a little bit of money there
are now more ways to incorporate bit stuff onto your stream and that is through extensions so now
twitch has released a variety of extensions that will actually interact with bit donations for
example there's one for League of Legends where you can predict winners and stuff using bits I
don't know if that means it's like a gambling thing where you might win bits if you predict
correctly me it's kind of sounds like that a little bit like you might be doing gambling
with bits I don't want to quote that until I've tried this myself because that could get very
interesting if you're like gambling without gambling yeah it's currency that you're buying
that you're gambling with it's like pachinko it could be interesting I don't know but there's also
things like voting studios so you can actually like make a poll and then in order to vote in
the poll you would have to donate biddies to do that so you know as somebody who does some live
streaming and who is an affiliate on Twitch I'm I think this is cool for people that will be into
it but like you know I don't I don't know I don't want to do like voting based on how much money you
give me that's just for me that's how it works in the real world Rob I it's just accuracy well
played well play well I I don't want the NRA donating to the polls on my stream or any of
that stuff but I don't know I would have to see maybe for the right integration like there's some
where you can play games with the streamer and things like that and maybe I don't know but I
don't know if I I see the right fit for that yet I like to do as much stuff as possible for free
and then if you feel so inclined watch an ad and throw the bits at me like that's that's you know
even if it's just five cents ten cents you know what y'all it adds up it adds up all right let's
see s 200 Matt and chat over at live dog network comm says predict Rob will scream at this one
scary part in this jump scare game yep that's something you could do a biddies if you wanted
to or be even better if it was like you know how they have the twitch integration with different
games where you can like send a jump scare and pay some biddies to send a job maybe maybe yeah
pay some biddies to get jump scared oh I bet I bet that could be a thing the developers have to
kind of put that in the game though I don't know if that would be through extensions I should point
out to the other interesting thing about the extensions with biddies is that you only get as
the streamer you get 80% of the bitty money you don't get the full hundred percent that you do
if somebody just tips you or whatever you only get 80% because you know where the other 20% is
going the extension developer yeah to promote them to keep doing extensions so that's something
else to think about too is that if I use it through extensions I'm actually kind of getting
less money although maybe I'm incentivizing getting more so it's it's a lot to think about
I don't know all right anyhow let's let's go back to a simpler time when you know what there was no
there was no way to live stream your game during Sega's really weird arcade phase right I think I
think you still had to have a camcorder on your shoulder if you wanted to film this right anyway
it's the classic game of the week where dark soccer is gonna step into the gaming vault and
find a game that she thinks hey you brats never came out at home as far as I know all right here
it is the classic game of the week dark soccer would you pick this week I picked a game called
brave firefighters also known as show bullshit brave firefighters in Japan it is a light gun
game and it was the as I recall the first Hikaru game for the Sega Hikaru software came out in 1999
it has a vibrating light gun control it's in the shape of a fire hose you can fight the fires
because the fires need to be thought so you can save your pot stash like Willie Nelson actually
that was a true story anyway and it was as I said the first title that came out for the Hikaru
system and it was also at the time the most technically advanced game of its time it was
the first one that used Fong shading and now it's the most common shading technique had some
really great lighting and particle fire effects and one of the most detailed environments so this
particular game have you ever played this Rob I think I've seen it I feel like one of the because
this is like it was only released in Japan right um no really it came out in the US I feel like I
saw it somewhere but it was like at an import arcade like either like I don't see arcade
infinity but another one of those type of places I saw it in I want to see one of those like
Koreatown arcades I think I saw this in Las Vegas okay yeah that's when I played it yeah but anyway
the story is that there is an electrical fault that caused the Whitehead Hotel to go up in flames
and Mayor Taylor and his family are trapped inside so you have to go through and put out the fires
and rescue the mayor and his family so you can you hold the drainage button on the hose control
to release the steam a stream of water but you will deplete your water gauge as you go forward
so you can also twist the nozzle to have like a fog effect that can extinguish fires and flying
sparks as well as destroy obstacles that are in your path you have a time limit for each stage
but you get extra seconds if for each fire that's extinguished quickly and of course when the time
runs out the game ends there was a modified version of brave firefighters that was donated
to the Kyoto Kyoto City disaster prevention center that a different scenario and opening
movie and no time limit so I guess it was for I guess teaching disaster relief but anyway this
particular game again it was notable for being the first Hikaru game which as in essence it was
a modified version of the NAOMI hardware system it had a custom Sega graphics chip larger memory
capacity and they made those modifications for the sake of releasing brave firefighters because
the engineering the engineers had difficulty creating 3d images of the flame and the water
with the NAOMI capability so there you go it led us to all kinds of new innovations that really
was the big big thing about it it was produced by Rikiya Nakagawa and it came out in 1999 that's
about it it was one of those like I said it's that weird era of Sega games yeah but that's
like the cool stuff honestly it is it is and as far as like other stuff that was that came out
for Hikaru I mean I've already covered Planet Harriers which really I think did like the really
the best I think made the most of the of the system but other of the Hikaru games was the
NASCAR arcade Planet Harriers Starward Racer arcade air tricks which we played a lot of that
and virtual on force and Hikaru was succeeded by NAOMI too so there you go all right s2100
Matt in our chat says this running water gameplay sound will make all the podcast listeners want to
pee for sure well it is a game about fire hoses anyway there it is your classic game of the week
brave firefighters there were all kinds of games like that they were coming out at the time
remember oh yeah like we had what was the Konami ones we had the mocap games like the punch mania
or whatever was called those punch mania but I'm trying to think of what was the police 911 oh
yeah please no one was one and there was like a boxing one too right yeah I remember that but
man that was and I think like what did deadstorm pirates come out on dark to see us as mocap golf
yeah that was it yeah but I'm trying to remember when deadstorm pirates came out it was it wasn't
one of the Sega games was it maybe not all right well you look into that while we take a break
we're gonna take a break and when we come back there's plenty more of Orange Lounge radio to
come including rapid-fire news maybe emails although there weren't any when I check before
break and plenty more stories and your calls maybe we'll get some calls tonight at Orange
Lounge radio all one word on Skype we are gonna take a quick break we'll be back with
it was Bandai by the way okay thank you Bandai Namco we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge
radio right after this welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge radio live tonight with episode
number 728 of our show already in progress for this April the 29th of 2018 myself Dark
Sakura and Loki with you here in studio and then we also have our guest JD joining us tonight it's
been a few months since you've been here at the show good to have you back yeah it's great to be
back yeah Loki and Dark Sakura getting resettled Dark Sakura's getting a little decaf to get her
through the rest of the show and which is funny that I say decaf to get you through the rest of
the show there's there's a little bit of caffeine there's enough caffeine to hopefully starve off
the the brain problems I hope the brains well I hope I hope it is enough to silence your brain
and then Loki my brain meets quiver Loki's working on all those amiibos in the other room
yeah it's back now so hello hello but I've got all the Animal Crossing ones if you want to use
this too Rob's got everything I don't have the whole Animal Crossing series I don't think the
Animal Crossing ones have costumes in Odyssey yeah they don't work for the Mario games they're fine
whatever sorry I was gonna say though JD because you mentioned we didn't have an opportunity to
bring this up earlier in the show we should mention it now so JD's been spending the weekend
with me and we've been you know doing doing such manly things like yesterday we went and
got mani pedis it was so much fun and it was oh my god I don't know why more dudes don't allow
themselves just go get mani pedis because seriously my nails have never looked better
like and I don't okay now JD went the extra route and went with a glitter blue color so like his
nails are like like nails so I did like a lighter turquoise on my hands and like a deep like royal
blue on my toes okay do you remember when we had Steve here for Flom yeah he always has his done
yeah I mean and honestly my nails don't look good well here's the I didn't I they're they're quote
unquote painted but it's clear yeah and the only reason I had them do the clear is that a it does
look really good but B it makes me not bite them and so like honestly like the best tip if you bite
your nails you want to stop doing it like paint your nails clear used to never stop me because
really oh my god so disgusting those are trying to eat a switch cartridge it would I would just
peel all of it off in this to go back to chewing but I'm always like okay I'm always like disgusted
and I was a kid though I'm also just I'm disgusted and fascinated when they do the nails because they
don't just they don't just trim the nails like they dig the whole thing into the cuticles to
like help prevent hang nails and stuff like that and I'm always like shocked at how much shit they
get it I'm like oh my god that's all on my this is what the sad thing is that cuticle is actually
do serve a purpose yeah except that people have started taking it off to make it look like you've
got a longer nail bed mm-hmm I mean that's the whole thing for it but I think that you know
keeping it I'd say trimmed like at least every month or so you know promotes healthy growth so
I need I need to I'm probably gonna go get all mine done before drag con well but if you're not
wearing nails you're not doing drag I got I'm saying you can you can get just a manicure
pedicure without having your nails like done yeah use basically basically it's like getting
a haircut you don't know in there and get it died and I want a white gel base cut hmm but I
want gels just to have something that Alan have that done not that long ago he had like the blue
gel it looked really good even though it's like you know you don't see a lot of dudes with their
nails painted but it looked really good but it was like dang that's like permit he had to go in
it took him like 30 minutes to get it off yeah cuz you have to soak them off yeah yeah but Rob
if you get the gels you won't be able to bite your nails that's because they're like they're
really yeah that's true but I always recommend because I had them glued on once and it ruined
my remember when we didn't allow to my nails were so thin and hurt to the touch oh yeah that was
because they glued them on and I reacted to the glue so you always should have them build on top
of the natural nail you know and if you play a lot of DDR or pump it up you should treat yourself
to a pedicure because yeah or if you that athlete you know athletes have to get pedicures like all
the time because they fuck up their feet yeah so Loki have you ever had a mani-pedi you should
consider getting one done now that's a lot of fun it's fun we'll go some time dance dance and he
would go with me because there's two nails are atrocious and I can't do anything with them there
you go all right I'm his esthetician all right let's move on we got to get back to video games
you have to have those perfect fingers to hold controllers so that the big old you know gross
nails don't get in the way anyway to register participation for this week's episode of orange
lounge radio at fog network comm use the passphrase teacher let's get into some rapid fire news and
talk about some other news that has happened this week rapidly Loki let's talk about my favorite
topic when it comes to Nintendo and that's online it's still coming out September at least whatever
they have planned however they're gonna be talking about what it is that's gonna be coming out in
September it's gonna be revealed in May so this is coming from the current president Tatsumi Kimi
Shima basically say that Nintendo switch online a paid subscription service that will expand the
online functionality of the switch will begin in September of this year the service will provide
consumers with a richness of online features that allow them to continuously enjoy Nintendo switch
more from hot air hot air I know it's like this doesn't tell me jack shit I do know that they have
the costs listed online but we still don't know exactly what that will entail and it says it's
gonna have access to a library of classic games I just wish they would still like I don't don't
be wrong I think it's cool that they want to do like a Netflix type thing where you have access
to stuff but the same time just let me buy things like it's worked for the other systems why now
do you okay I'm I'm all for a Netflix style classic thing that would just you could play
whatever you want that would be an amazing deal oh my god but did you notice I don't think it
comes up later in the show where I hope I'm not spoiling a story but there was a bunch of
trademarks by Nintendo this week on things like dr. Mario and some other Mario games so and my
brain went to because some people are like oh they're gonna redo these games so no these are
probably the first releases on this Nintendo online probably dr. Mario would make a lot of
sense a lot of sense as a debut game especially if this is whole you can play with friends across
the internet dr. Mario makes a fuck of a lot of sense as a game to include with this to start and
I'm fine if those games have that functionality but I would also like it like if I don't care
about playing over the other people they just be able to purchase the virtual console games
you've released on a few systems already yeah I mean why I'm sure Nintendo will happily take your
money in whatever form you want to give it to him we'll see I don't know anyways and then of course
we talked about it a couple weeks ago about how the rock star was basically giving polling some
music from Grand Theft Auto 4 in regards to most of us was to be from the the Russian radio station
that was in the game but apparently it's not just that so there are several different stations are
affected by this and even like a lot of the rock songs so they even had like of David Bowie songs
taken from the game I know I kind of went through the whole list of stuff thankfully the some of the
songs I did listen to quite a bit are still in the game but some are not in the ones that they
replace them with are kind of lame I don't know and I I find it frustrating though like and I
understand why that they have to patch this out now because they're still selling the game it
would be different than like say if they sold the game and then they weren't selling it anymore and
so the other licenses expired there's nothing that they're gonna really do to the game but now it's
still some active thing that it's just gonna be removed from it so if you have a console version
the game you're kind of screwed however if you're on PC people have already found ways to put back
the removed songs into the game so if you are you know bothered by that course they did then you can
go ahead and do that and of course if you have like a PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 version of that
those games then you can always keep your console offline if you want to keep your you know songs in
there honestly I mean it's disappointing I did like a lot of the Russian songs that were in the
game but I it wasn't one of the main stations I listened to I mean it wasn't the first the
granted out for that was before you know the validate Tony and lost in the dam where they
added more a whole nother I think dance music station so I listened to the rest of the station
because it was mostly it was Russian music and dance music which why okay all right well moving
on to talk about Nintendo Splatfest the next Splatfest has been announced and it's it's a
little different it's not kind of the same that they've been doing for other Splatfest because
this is gonna be a three-parter because it is to determine who is your favorite Ninja Turtle and
so the first round starts this next weekend which will be Raphael versus Leonardo will be the first
matchup Raphael Leonardo actually round two will be Mike Michelangelo or Mikey versus Donny did they
shorten all the names Donatello yeah Donatello that's what they call them now the new Nickelodeon
series all right Mikey and Donny then around two and then the finals will be May 18th and obviously
Donatello is the best and should be the one that everybody picks although I don't know how these
new ones are I'm thinking Donatello from back in the day so maybe maybe it's different it's always
the best this is probably the first splat I'm not gonna you just you're really I can't be bothered
with this huh I mean Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was never my thing plus we could have had the
Japan one and I'm so mad well let's talk about the Japan one actually since you brought it up so
Japan doesn't really have the same thing with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles so instead the San
Rio character collaboration ranking contest is happening in Japan voting for the event starts on
May 10th there will be characters represented in a crossover including Splatoon 2 cross San
Rio I but then there's a cute little Hello Kitty dressed up as an inkling type of thing it looks
adorable I don't know if that means they're getting like a San Rio Splatfest or what that
is we don't know exactly understanding but that's probably what it is Hello Kitty versus Bats
Maru I would so be about that that would be amazing why can't they do that over here as well
I'm right good question good fucking question it's it's weird some of the marketing choices
that they've made because they've done like McDonald's Splatfest in Japan only and I'm like
you'd think that if they were gonna do that there well it was like chicken nuggets versus fries I
mean it was like dude you can't put anything up against fries fries are always gonna win
but chicken McNuggets already good see see now we have a Splatfest already but the point was
like McDonald's is just such a very classic American thing that I'm surprised they didn't
decide to do it here yeah you know they need to do here is the flavorings like they have at
McDonald's in Japan right oh they already did that disgusting ketchup and mayonnaise why no
it's like ketchup and mustard no I'm talking about that you put them in the bag and shake
them up and they have like a curry flavor and here with the fries too they have like flavored
fries that's right they did they had the shaker bags McDonald's and they sucked ass so like it
wasn't curry it was like ranch flavor it'd be amazing ranching they have like garlic parmesan
like ooh I like garlic parmesan and they tried it on the fries like wow these ruin the fries
well I'm never doing that again I don't trust McDonald's to have good food I was just saying
it's popular here because it's all right all right we're turning too much into orange on foodio
let's bring it back to games talking about the next somebody's doing classic games on the switch
that's for sure but it is it's neo geo that's actually doing those games on the switch it is
the ACA collection featuring games in this coming month including super sidekicks to the World
Championship baseball stars professional top players golf ninja combat and riding hero that's
gonna be the next wave of the neo geo stuff in the ACA collection which there's a ton of those
games at this point now we don't know what dates but you know soon there's usually one we had some
on there that I saw when I was shopping through game oh yeah there's there's plenty of like like
what king of fighters has a few fatal fury like real bout and all metal slug yeah for sure all
right well dark soccer what do you have for us we have some stuff coming out basically the the
PlayStation Plus lineup that we get it coming out is for ps4 beyond two souls and Rayman legends
both good games ps3 will be risen three Titan Lords and eat them and Vita will have King oddball
which is a cross by ps3 and ps4 and Furman's and then in other news the director of Dragon
Quest 10 who is who just saw a gene has announced that he's leaving school Winnick's he got his
start as an assistant for the creator of Hori Yuji in the 1990s he has worked on most of the Dragon
Quest games since then and now that he was the director he is going to step away from the
franchise and the company and no no we're no word on where he's going nope it's actually really quick
basically what he said is I who do you saw I'm leaving Square Enix I apologize for the sudden
announcement well that is quite I hope he's okay maybe he's old enough to enjoy retirement who knows
he's still a young guy oh well maybe maybe he's going to join the collective with all those other
people who have departed companies to do their own thing maybe he just got really frustrated one day
and walked in there and said fuck this I'm out and flip the table no who knows that would not happen
well best of luck to him all right let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
you won't be playing Dragon Quest 10 here in the US anytime soon but what will you be playing Loki
you'll be playing a re-release of battle zone gold edition this is the one that I think they had
is a PlayStation VR game now it's not VR and it's on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one although I'm
assuming that the PlayStation version at least maybe still has the VR mode in there I'll have
to check hmm but and then along with that we have super mega baseball 2 that's on PC PlayStation 4
Xbox one it's not just baseball it's super mega baseball super mega baseball total war
saga Thrones of Britannia on PC we have Donkey Kong Country tropical freeze being ported over
to the switch Conan exiles and that's on looks like PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one pillars of
eternity to dead fire on the PC Mac and Linux and Steins gate on PC that's it all right well
I'm traveling over to Japan honestly I'm not really seeing a lot a lot this week I do notice
the switch has Donkey Kong tropical freeze that is coming out in Japan this week on May 3rd but
that's honestly like the only big release that's catching my eye here I was trying to see if maybe
I missed something on like the 3ds or the Vita but it just looks like it is a very slow release
week this week in Japan checking the Vita real quick to make sure to miss anything yeah no
nothing on a Vita PlayStation 4 didn't have anything till the week after so slow week over
there how about in Europe dar Sarah in Europe we have on April 30th battle tech by paradox
interactive for PC on May 1st cuz it's gonna be May is death wink space Hulk death wing enhanced
edition for PlayStation 4 minecraft super plus pack on the third we also have total war saga
Thrones of Britannia on the fourth may the fourth be with you we have urban trial playground darkest
dungeon ancestral edition Donkey Kong country tropical freeze snow moto racing freedom aqua
moto racing utopia and then on the fifth we have Warhammer 40k Inquisitor martyr fucking Warhammer
no I was a Warhammer widow oh dear oh dear guess who had guess who got enlisted to paint all those
little miniatures me so I would paint them like trolls and get yelled at but I didn't care cuz
fuck maybe paint it I'll do it how I want that's right that Warhammer one of the attorneys they
work for is a big Warhammer gamer which we found out when we were talking about like cons and stuff
it was yeah I've seen actually the big con you know full-scale Warhammer things are pretty
exciting to watch but pretty terrible to prepare for all right well this is usually the part of the
show where we would visit the mail bag and participate at orange laundry calm to read all
those lovely emails you send us I found dust bunnies but I believe we have an empty mail
bag this week well that's that is shameful so very mo that is shameful that we have no emails
so you can send us your emails send your fan mail to participate at orange laundry calm is the place
to send you let me know what you want me to Disney bound yes in the mail bag or just honestly you
have it what's on your mind right now write it down and send it to participate try to make it
so if it's tacos though tacos would be great but if it's food we're down for that too so participate
at orange laundry calm I want to hear from every listener so I know how many listeners we have
tacos are amazing all right because I don't know I forgot the password to look at all our stats so
like I don't even know how many listeners we have anymore all right so moving on let's get into some
more gaming news Loki all right so things are kind of getting ridiculous as far as the whole
pub G cheans sorry goes so you may remember there was a group of people that were making certain
subscription cheat services for pub G and they made quite a billion or quite a bit of money off
of that of course they found themselves in so with some legal trouble with bluehole now there's
actually been arrests and fines being placed on them so they had 15 suspects that were arrested
for developing hack programs hosting marketplaces for hack programs and brokering transactions the
currently the suspects have been fined approximately 5.1 million dollars and then other suspects
related to the case are still being investigated sucks to be them dude I didn't know you could go
to jail for cheating in an online game well I think it's more than just it's probably making
the cheats and you know still though come on it's a fucking game what kind this is in the US no okay
so it's other other countries is against the law yeah yeah that's what it is so wow all right I
guess they take that stuff seriously but seriously though like I get it I get yeah it's bad that they
you're cheating yeah you know shut them down do a cease and desist and all that shit but really
arresting people and fighting them 5.1 million dollars haven't we talked about a spanking like
I'm not talking about a caning or any of that stuff I'm talking about you need to take them
and spank them and say you've been very very naughty it's super nanny needs to come out and
do it is she even still around super nanny needs to come out and spank them and say you've been
very naughty just need friend dresser to come out you should see I was just thinking bad wicked
naughty suit and say you've been very must give us all good spanking very naughty you shouldn't
cheat in games it's very naughty I just think it's ridiculous that but I I could totally see
blue hole doing this because these are the same fucking people are like you copied us we're
fucking pissed off so we're suing you because you use a fucking frying pan in your fucking game so
yes I could see them doing some bullshit like this all right anyhow guys you don't chat at
live.vog network.com wants to know how the fuck did that nanny show stay on TV so long there's a
lot of shows isn't a friend dresser was great because she was also in UHF and this is final
tap The Simpsons I think has officially become the longest-running scripted series on television
ever and that is a show that stopped being funny a long time ago and we still have more episodes
of them and yeah same boat but what can you do all right SHO 100 Matt suggests they should all
have to endure a yelling by the God Warrior lady this is dark-sided I do miss wife swap that was a
fun that was a good show good times it sounds like a completely different show actually I wife swap
was the ABC show God Warrior was on the Fox version was the trading spouses oh same shit
big difference oh no no cuz that that God Warrior is better than anything that was ever on one of
those names is a pun I think trading spouses is a pun off of trading spaces I think it is yeah I
think you're right all right anyway moving on this is unfortunately not really a humorous piece of
news because this has to tie into things that have happened in the real world and how they can yes
impact the side of video games especially the business side of games so a game was supposed
to be released on the switch the PlayStation 4 and Xbox this week Xbox one this week with its
different ports that game was called Death Road to Canada and I'm sure you can imagine why it may
be in poor taste for a game with that title to come out right now because of the horrific incident
that happened in Toronto earlier this week so developer rocket cat games and publisher
Yukio publishing have delayed the title indefinitely with a statement that says we
feel it would be deeply inappropriate to launch the game at such a time we would like to express
our deepest condolences to everyone affected by the tragic events in Toronto so they've they've
stopped this indefinitely I don't think that means they'll never put them out but they'll
probably push it back to around the holiday or you know a time when hopefully people have been
able to heal a little bit from the craziness that happened there it should be pointed out now this
article says Death Road to Canada makes no references to aggravated assault but like if
you actually look at the game you do play like you're in a car and you're a person in the car
but you're like an animal you play this little dog that kind of drives around in the car and
you're like fucking shooting and running over people but they're zombies so because they're
zombies it's okay but obviously you can see where it's a little too close to events in the real
world right now so they've had to delay it so it's just kind of goes to show that sometimes
events that happen in the real world they can have an impact on gaming especially because you know
it would have been kind of shitty business sense to release a game like that right now you know one
of those news networks would have done a very exploitative piece about it so just now is not
the time for pit bulls holding shotguns to shoot down zombies and drive over them in their car I
will just come out later it is on steam if you want to play the game I will tell you if there's
ever a video game that one made into a movie that sounds awesome well anyway it is on steam if you
do want to judge for yourself and there's trailers available online and all that stuff so yeah there
you go I'm going in chat over at live dot vog network comm s to 100 Matt reminds us there were
a ton of games that got delayed due to 9-eleven you know when that happened that also 9-eleven
had impact on movies TV all of it oh yeah yeah well like other shows too like Buffy had an
episode they delayed because of Columbine yep yep I remember 9-eleven because that caused that show
the mole to get really erratic schedule that was my favorite reality game show that was ever on TV
the Anderson Cooper hosted and that show was amazing I didn't really see hosted that yeah
Anderson Cooper hosted them all the first yeah it was before his big CNN stuff and all that
still have gray hair back then yes he did yes he did so he went great really early so I you should
and he looked fabulous doing it he was a great host I was still upset with him though you should
what are you over Kathy Griffin oh he was such a shit to her over the whole yeah yeah not as bad
as Andy Cohen well Andy Cohen is also but anyway look you should go check out Anderson Cooper in
his prime on the mole and that was the best reality game show there ever was I'm almost
positive it's all on YouTube if you look up the mole season one but season two was displaced by
9-eleven because they it got terrible ratings because people didn't you know that they've got
boosted back because the news coverage was on else it just it never had a chance it's like the dark
shadows revival which I feel like we talked about on the show a few weeks ago the dark shadows
revival got screwed up because the Gulf War coverage so anyway Kai's you don't chat says
the mole was the shit they fucked it up with celebrity mole ironically now spoiler alert for
a show that is well over 10 years old at this point but Kathy Griffin won celebrity mole one
of the time she was on it but it was not Anderson Cooper was done being the whole host they had
somebody else a moderate shot I think was sport they moved on to sports personalities hosting it
and I think he was the one that hosted it that season when Kathy Griffin won that sounds like
the worst choice for a reality show host sports personality he wasn't as good as it he did okay
but he wasn't Anderson Cooper it was just like I don't remember the guy they tried to do a revival
of the mole oh god it was probably 2010 2011 they did a new season of the mole it was the mole
season 5 and they had another sports guy doing it and I don't remember his name but it just it
just didn't work it was still a decent show but it just wasn't the same as the first two seasons
which were amazing didn't they do like an international version too well the mole was
an international show it started it started in the Netherlands where I think all our good
reality TV comes from that's what I'm thinking cuz like survivors from their big brothers from
there all of it yeah so anyway um phantasm chat over at live dog network comm says people think
Toronto in the center of the universe in Canada but there's other cities too yes Canada is a very
very very big place people sometimes forget that it's a it's a bigger country than the US believe
it or not but I mean if there's a lot of less there's a lot of lowly populated areas because
the closer you get to the North Pole and all that but if you have a national tragedy like it's
sensitive should delay it like it doesn't matter that there's other parts of Canada like they're
being sensitive oh for sure for sure anyway um Tiger Claw chat says could a new mole work in
today's climate fuck yeah it could I don't know who owns the rights to it here but I always see
I love the mole I'm getting into my like soapbox that really doesn't have anything to do with
gaming but it's game show so it's kind of adjacent um here's the thing the mole to me
part of the reason I loved it is it was very James Bond in the types of things that they had to do
and if you didn't know this premise of the mole basically it was that you have ten contestants
and they all do these challenges to put money in the pot and at the end of the game one of them is
gonna win all the money but one of the contestants is the mole and they are working against to try to
fuck up the pot basically and as much money as they can keep out of the pot they get some type
of stipend from the producers and so forth so at the end of every episode they have to take a
test the contestants take a test who is the mole and that's part probably part of the reason why
the show wasn't as glamorous because there's no voting there's no whatever you take a test they
did have they called it coalitions which was basically alliances where you could kind of
collaborate notes with people and try to figure it out but you know then the mole would get
involved in that shit too and fuck players up so you would take these tests and whoever got the
lowest score at the end was executed at the end of the episode that's the caught they said welcome
to your first execution this is the results of the quiz and it was like suspenseful ass-clenching
television the way they did like because Anderson Cooper would like look around the room and he'd be
like whoever the contestant I don't remember he'd be like Jamie and he would type the name into the
computer and he'd press enter and there would be like the longest fucking pause and then it would
go go green and that means they're safe or it would go red and if it went red it would go
like that and basically Anderson Cooper would walk over to the contestant say please come with me and
pick them up take them out of the room to the car that's it like the other contestants couldn't hug
them say goodbye or anything like that just up out and that was awesome like did the odd do you
find out who the mole is at the end or do you know from the get-go of course you didn't know you find
out at the end because they leave they left clues in every episode and so at the very end they say
here was the clue in episode one here was the clue in episode two then they tell you what the
clues were to the mole's identity and some of them were really stupid and I think that's part
of why the fifth season didn't work is that one of the clues was so obvious and ridiculous like it
kind of ruined it I think so I'm not gonna spoil it in case now because I'm actually excited people
sound interested in it they might go back and watch it but the first couple seasons were pretty
decent with the clues some were a stretch but you know they didn't want the internet was still kind
of coming alive in that age and they didn't want people to get out on the internet and say who it
was and ruin it for everybody but you would you would find out in the last episode who it was the
season with BB Zahara Benet really stretched BB Zahara Benet was not on the mole she was the mole
she's not the mole going to chat over at live.voggannetwork.com there's actually comments here
Kaijuto says they could make the mole into a video game or a board game too I feel like there was a
tie-in that didn't happen I will okay I'm gonna tell you what I'll tell you one more thing about
the mole that I thought was brilliant so it was the end of the first episode so you know how like
everybody has their luggage that they go on or whatever on a trip or whatever so Anderson Cooper
says okay so here is the test I'm gonna ask you all trivia questions about the other players and
you're not allowed to confer with each other this challenge is called the burning bags over here on
a forklift we have your bags every time you answer a question wrong they will be lowered slowly into
this fire if you get three questions wrong your bags will be burned and so what happens like the
first three questions they get wrong and so all of their bags burn and they're all fucking crying
and shit because like someone's like like they're all like losing their shit but then spoiler alert
at the very beginning of the next episode you find out they were just fucking with them those
are fake bags yeah like as you're watching you're like this is so fucking cruel I can't what this is
like this is mean television so far and then it turns out oh just like that one show they have
never they had like that one show it was like the the Joe project or something like that is basically
it's one dude so they think they've made him seem think that he was on a reality show but it wasn't
actually a reality show we were just fucking with him the entire time but then in the fifth season
they did something like it again but they did it with their journals they did the place where they
take all the notes they said here's your journals and we're gonna look and they really did it like
they got it wrong and the journals all got burned and it was like well they have no more notes but
that's different because the journals were just simply for the purposes of you know reviewing
notes and stuff like that and I think there was another twist where they had to like they had to
give the journal to somebody else so anyway I could I could just do like a podcast for 700
episodes about the mole and what a great show it was so if anybody out there has the power to bring
the mole back to television you should do it and I will happily host it and I will be as good as
Anderson Cooper have you ever found a social media version like you know you play this Facebook
reality games thank you for bringing that up no I they did do a version on live journal of the
mole I never played it but I watched it and it was you know that as good as it can be for a live
journal game but part of the what made the mole really exciting was that they were traveling to
all these extravagant locations like I remember the first season ended they did the big reveal
and like this giant Coliseum in Spain you know and it was like they were going to all these like
crazy-ass location that's what made a very James Bond so and then that's why the celebrity mole
was stupid because celebrity mole was like we're in Hawaii or I think the other one was we're in
Mexico and like they didn't leave the one little resort they were at it was stupid so anyway act
Efton chat says Kai's you know that's what I'm saying let jackpot lick jackbox make it okay
Judah says we play games online and the mole has to fuck the team up there you go jackbox I know
some of y'all are out there figure out how to get the license to the mole and do it that'd be
awesome interview them when they come on the show and ask them about them all right anyway
uh let's move on that we got more stories to get into I guess I filled up this week's mailbag
segment with discussion on the mole so this is what happens if you don't email us in a future
week I I have the right to go on reality TV tangent for 20 minutes all right let's get into
some more news we actually did a couple stories and I think we're up to Jamie and your last story
here before calls well Sega made one significant sale over the last week in quarter 1 2018 a Sega
Game Gear title sold for retail as in it touched a retail POS yes and the game was Sonic the hedgehog
2 for Sega Game Gear not aftermarket not eBay not used it sold for fucking retail just like it was
1992 so who had Game Gear games on their shelf in 1992 I don't know but they want to find it
basically the it came from an NPD group analyst named Matt Piscatella who said that the report
came in and now they want to know who the fuck it was Kmart I'm telling you it came from a Kmart
it had to be the tweet no it's two tweets someone in the US market bought a brand new copy of Sonic
2 for Game Gear at retail in March 2018 I want to know who this person is where they bought it
and how it all happened like was it just buried in some back room for the last 20 years did it get
lost underneath some retail fixture was it the 20 year old pre-order what was the reaction when
the person who bought it saw it so many questions I have it's totally one of those things like you
know where they do have that stuff hidden away when they just find it in their back room or
something because I've seen like lots of different posts that usually is like a Walmart's like you
know they where they kind of go searching for old things and like they'll have you know 56 K
modems or you know ridiculous it's a Kmart and are there any that have a diner still check those
first no one of the theories is that it's a Toys R Us self I guess that it could be old stock
leftover during the liquidation so somebody like like what's behind this door at the Toys R Us oh
we don't go back there okay open it what's in there and that's my guy the the timing matches
up and the age of it matches up like but wouldn't it when did the Toys R Us liquidation start
because this is first couple weeks ago it was in March it was in March and this is a March sale
Toys R Us in a few weeks then again no other deals let me see when the announcement for the Toys R
Us liquidation so go into something else and I'll research act Defton chat says can we have a
reality show for those types of things finding old stuff in retail stores it's called unsolved
mysteries that's the theme I should have played that was March 21st is when they announced the
start date according to fortune but I'm trying to get the exact day that it began see that's my
thing is I don't think the people are saying Toys R Us is the easy answer here but I don't
think Toys R Us things started until earlier this month I mean the other thing is like if have they
put out the April numbers yet because if it's a big chain and they started really late into March
maybe they'll find more reports in April maybe the only it doesn't have the date on it just says
that it was going into effect after the 21st of March so it could be a theory I I would still
bet money it's a Kmart I mean are there any Kmarts that are having problems like that in
closing like all over at they all Oh Sears I wonder if it's a Sears inventory I know Sears
got out of the game business a long time ago but Sears are liquidating to aren't they some of them
Sears was in the game business back when this game was out I mean I maybe grandma found it at Sears
so the other thing is like if it were like a big chain or something I feel like we would see more
than just one sale like the fact that it's only one feels weird well they would have destroyed
them or returned them like a long time ago or clean the clean anything like one branch like if
it's like that it would just be like just write it off it's so old anything else on this Jamie
all right it's a collector's item now all right let's move on a couple more stories for you guys
and then we're gonna open up the skype line at orange lounge radio on skype okay hopefully this
will be end of some of this loot box stuff but Belgium has ruled that loot boxes in certain games
are illegal so loot boxes as seen in like FIFA 18 Overwatch counter-strike global offensive are now
illegal in Belgium and if you are company is still having those loot boxes in your games you can be
subject to criminal punishment including fines up to 800,000 euros which is just under 1 million
dollars I'm pretty sure I am prison sentences so I'm pretty sure if it weren't for the prison
sentences they probably just take the fine and say fuck it but now they'll have to somehow remove
these I would assume or stop selling their game in Belgium and you know they said the Belgium
Commission has not contacted us or shared its report and that's from EA we strongly believe
that our games are developed and implemented ethically and lawfully around the world and we
take these responsibilities very seriously sure EA I totally believe that yeah so I guess they're
gonna start a dialogue but I mean it's kind of ironic though that EA would be making a comment
about this being that you know the fact that they fucked with Star Wars kind of started this whole
avalanche in the first place hmm all right by the way dark to see is shared this in chat apparently
the sale for Sonic 2 happened in Wisconsin they know that it was a retail location in Wisconsin
I'm telling you it's a Kmart in Wisconsin fascinating yeah we should interview Trixie Mattel
and get her local expert feedback on this matter maybe maybe anyway so back to the loot boxes so
what's gonna happen it they just gonna pull overwatch out of Belgium so that they don't go
to jail I don't know or patch it out or something I would I would I would well they'll probably still
continue to have overwatch but they're just you just get the basic skins you don't get any of the
extra stuff which would suck because the holiday events aren't gonna be very special yeah I don't
know I'd be very curious to see how companies like Blizzard and stuff are gonna respond is or
maybe they'll just stop selling the games there I mean it's not like people that want to get the
game aren't feel gonna be able to go somewhere else yeah especially in a company like Belgium
or in a country like Belgium all right anyhow one more story for you guys it's also something
that's gonna impact Blizzard it's something that they had talked about a long time ago in fact I
think way back when this game was first announced 2009 Blizzard said that Starcraft 2 would have a
map marketplace with the options to buy and sell custom maps well now that it's 2018 nine years
later it's finally gonna be a reality so the Starcraft arcade which allows you to create and
play custom maps will add a premium fan-made map alongside the next big patch which is version 4.3
they say it's very similar to the creation club by Bethesda Blizzard will handpick specific prominent
community creators and work with them to create new maps and modes and the share of the sales will
go directly to the creators and of course some of it to Blizzard as well for the promotion Blizzard
has been applying their help to the first batch of premium maps which include arc star from creator
pirate and direct strike from Taya I almost said Tyra but that would be a whole different
conversation let's not go there anyhow both these maps will cost $4.99 direct strike will actually
have a free and a premium version premium is going to include four new modes and special cosmetics we
don't know the patch for Starcraft 2's 4.3 patch we don't the date for it yet but hopefully it's
going to be soon and not like next year so there you go that feature now finally coming to Starcraft
2 it feels like it's too late for me but at the same time there's still lots of people playing
Starcraft and loving Starcraft and the arcade mode was like one of the best things about Starcraft 2
so it's interesting that's still going all this years in fact Starcraft 2 went free to play at
some point right that was a big thing last year so I mean you can check out the arcade apparently
for free so but then of course you can you know buy this stuff if you want as to 100 Matt says
they will just make skins tags and so forth level based they will just gain those whenever they
level up it will be random like the loot boxes but still encourage the player to keep playing
that could be a loophole maybe maybe so as Joe 100 Matt thinks maybe they just won't have you
able to buy the loot boxes anymore they'll just cut out that feature and that you'll still have
the loot boxes through the natural progression but then how's Blizzard gonna make their money
post I mean they could also if they wanted to just patch in a shop and you could just buy the
currency and buy whatever and then people be like what the fuck yeah then people will be pissed
because Belgium has it and they don't you know I want to buy individual skin yeah so me I think
it might probably is in blizzards best interest to either just pull out of Belgium all together
or follow what sg100 Matt is suggesting so I mean you may have heard like different games have been
like banned in like Germany and stuff so wouldn't be the first time that they haven't sold the game
in a certain region like that absolutely all right it's time to open up the Skype line you guys if you
want to give us a call orange lounge radio on Skype all one word is the place to do it and as
we await your calls I'll check in and see if there's any last-minute stories or other things
we want to get to tonight anything from dark soccer or Loki or JD even I haven't seen anything
come up it's really slow this week I was a little bit of a news week it is the trickle well because
e3 is someone e3 is only about five weeks away so we got to get to this phone call here so let's
oh it just went away so I missed it so again orange launch radio all one word on Skype if
you want to go ahead and give us a call someone played God of War did it come through oh are you
playing God of War nice I haven't oh yeah I watched somebody streaming that hold on we got
a call hi you're on orange entree who's this hey it's a regionator hey regent or what's on your
mind um I just want to comment on that once draw your you and Loki were talking about earlier
where you know some music was being patched out of Grand Theft Auto 4 yeah what about all now here's
the thing you know I can see you know don't you know no don't patching know the music out for new
sales because license is you know expiring I doubt they want to renew the licenses right but the
thing is if you already have the game and the music Senate no I don't see why you should lose
access to the music I mean well you know as long as you don't put your game online but no it's a
good point like why should you lose access if you already own the game because you know you already
pretty much paid for it and they got the money and that all went towards the licensing a long
time ago so it is a little weird because you know the way video games used to be you didn't always
used to patch games so it is a little a little weird I don't know if the online element is part
of the problem is still online but I don't think it's that at all I think it's more of just their
current they're still selling it which is why it's an issue and they can't really just patch
it out it's not like it's not like games used to be where it's like oh we lost our light rights
to the music so we're gonna have different music and all the copies we sell going forward they're
still selling digitally yeah no no granted this may not be the best analogy but I kind of like
in this to a certain extent to the whole other OS debacle you know from a few years ago where
they removed it on PlayStation 3 I remember that yeah I made a lot of people upset yeah I mean you
know granted you know the other OS is an actual feature feature you know on the PlayStation 3
you know whereas the music is just a mere element within a game but still I mean no no like you
guys were saying you know you but you bought the game as it was no music and all and you know I
feel that if you they suddenly take this away you know it's not like they're gonna compensate you
or anything because they let me get some comments from chat Rama and chat says you don't own the
game you own the license to play the game and yeah I know that's always like that little like
the footnote or whatever they get you on but at the same time it's like okay if I were to put in
DDR max for the PlayStation 2 or something into my PlayStation 2 I wouldn't want to suddenly find
out that like oh half the songs I can't play anymore because the license expired you know
like I should be able to continue to play those games basically and I've not heard of this
happening with especially well I should say non connected music based games yeah connected music
based games I have heard of this this happens all the time in DDR arcade sure like they'll just say
okay well time's up on the license but it's gonna go away now but it's also usually a new mix you
know something else is coming out no I mean it's with EMUs with with the EMUs being mandatory now
like ace has had this happen 2013 2014 like all of the newer ones they're just like yeah time's
up it's not in anymore it must be something in the way they license music and now right maybe
maybe the the takeoff of games like rock band and stuff or to thank for stuff like this I don't know
I think it's just the way IP works in the music industry and the way licensing works is just
really complicated and it's all in the specifics of the contract in reality if you don't plug your
game in online you're never gonna get the patch the patches it out and honestly how long is Grand
Theft Auto 4 been out I can't exactly see that they are probably like releasing new content for
these games right because Grand Theft Auto 5 already happened so like there's not gonna be
you're not gonna miss anything content wise now Grand Theft Auto 4 though still has multiplayer
and that's probably gonna be the slippery slope if you want to continue to play multiplayer online
you're gonna have to patch the game but if that's of no interest to you then don't patch it and you
will get to keep all your music easy all right well you know before I let you go because I
reimagine that either act after someone else who would want to call in sure what I do got a tip
if it news for you regarding my computer situation I'll make a very long story short it looks like I
could be having a video card on the way possibly by Wednesday a friend of mine from high school I
don't want a name drop because I don't have his permission to but this is so you can play Magic
the Gathering 2018 right well there is no 2018 the most recent one is Magic duels but there's
gonna be shipping me his old you know you know GTX 970 so he says he's gonna put a ship in Monday
and I'll probably get one say so you'll be able to do a lot with that so hey hand-me-downs they're
awesome they work oh oh yeah a 970 would be an upgrade on this computer that's for sure but
that's that's for another time all right anyway Ray Jeter I'm gonna let you go thank you so much
have a good one yep you too take care all right bye orange on radio all one word on Skype if you
want to get through and give us a call let's see SSG 100 Matt says there's a person on Twitter with
this whole game gear thing claiming to know the person who bought the game they bought it from a
half-price books in Wisconsin a chain of stores there I can't have price but I can't believe I've
never bought any video games at a half price we've got one in Roosevelt isn't it a use I just can't
they do get some new content in I just can't believe this is like the fucking like like
mystery of the century going on here it's just blows my fucking mind all right anyway I think
we have another call coming in so let's get to it if Skype will cooperate with me higher on orange
launch radio who's this hey what's going on everyone it's Ron hey Rama what's up buddy not
much I am running at full cylinders right now so I got you guys on the speakers I'm currently in the
chat I got Lightroom going editing photos I got my heater going because even for 56 degrees in
New York it's still cold in my little subterranean apartment and I'm going through stuff getting
ready for this week's podcast I love it love it were you at a convention this weekend no I did
something that was I thought was a lot better the convention is this weekend this weekend was
normally or say last weekend whatever it's our Sakura Matsuri but right it costs like 40 bucks
to get in we charge you guys yes most Sakura Matsuri events they charge you to get in oh I'm
you're on the wrong not not in California these coast ones they charge because what started out
as a normal event has become an over glorified convention I mean you pay 40 bucks to go into
the Botanical Gardens you've got panels on j-pop j-rock cosplay Lolita okay so this they're doing
a convention like a mini convention out of it what's up there's any cosplay yeah there's there's
a Sakura Matsuri here and you get to walk in a parade and be afraid there's a lot of free stuff
here but to be fair they do like concerts and things around the same time cuz didn't you and
um your your pal go to the taiko drum thing and that we didn't know that one though that money
goes back into the Taiko group special thing the Northern California cherry blossom festival which
was in San Francisco the past two weeks does concerts also yeah so and those are free they
have here they're arguing and some pay things but they're the type of thing you you expect to pay
money to go to God likes like the food vendors and whatnot yeah that's right anyway sorry no
problem I mean yeah that's basically what it's become so instead of doing that I went to it a
ramen street festival and dropped $40 there and the food was so good good times that sounds good
what'd you get um I had fish ramen I had ultimate um and to ultimate ramen um taste one was called
championship ramen and I forget the name of the other one but I did post it on my Facebook but
one thing that did happen will make um Jamie squee like nobody else's business more or less please go
for it elaborate so I James you know I have a ronma what have hard battle t-shirt that I wear yes
so I'm walking around you know filming you know doing a Facebook live with me walking up and down
the block and then I see some and I noticed a lot of Japanese workers who came from Japan for this
notice the shirt and pointed out I was at one booth and I found myself getting excited because
a lot of people there knew the shirt knew the characters I always started singing the opening
right there spot that's cute that's awesome yeah I have to quickly say though on ramen since you
brought up food my favorite to order when I go to the restaurant is a curry ramen that's always my
favorite always black garlic tonkatsu for me but what's interesting so this near where I work here
in Sacramento there's been this Chinese restaurant that's been there for years like he's at least 10
years probably 15 years it closed kind of out of nowhere and I'm a little sad about it but at the
same time a ramen joint is replacing it so I'm kind of like well okay that happened to the pokey
place near my house I kind of think pokies overrated I don't know it's nice to have something
that I that I can eat yeah no no I understand but pokies becoming like frozen yogurt like there's
just too many places it's super trendy it yeah it's replacing I'm not saying we should like eliminate
all the poke in the world but it's you know we got to scale it back although speaking of frozen
yogurt places you may not have heard this new star sorry to hijack your call Rama but this
happens cool uh dark soccer I don't know if you heard about this yogurt land the place that had
the Nintendo tie-ins here the one here locally gone it closed that sucks I know it fucking sucks
you still have pink bury which you know is the good old OLR standby but we have a new one we
relate to like to go to call Menchie's which I think I think they have those oh I think I saw
Menchie's when I was traveling so I think they're all over wait wait wait wait wait hold up hold up
did you say yogurt land yeah yeah it's a chain we had one out here in lower Manhattan that's been
closed for over a year and I never got you has to check it out because they put a sign saying
they're renovating next thing you know it's gone yeah I mean we we have a pink berry we have 16
handles far as I know the closest Menchie is somewhere out on Long Island but you know yeah
that's I just I like the crazy flavors I don't know I got to admit pink berry I'm not as big
on it as I used to be because I think a lot of the flavors like every time they get a flavor I
really like it never comes back and so I'm I kind of get annoyed by that I don't like how the pink
berry doesn't let you do your own toppings now it's like the the killer for me yeah they have
some good stuff but I think I think I kind of kind of drifted more towards that you get to make it
yourself that's probably Alan's influence Alan never really liked that either Alan was more big
on the other do-it-yourself let's not eat it pink berry I got sick but I think it was the Nutella
I've got to say though every time we go to Menchie's I just can't stop thinking of the
emergency rations in Excel saga all right Rama I have a Menchie hat I know I hijacked your call
but anything else you want to share with us tonight before we let you go I will cut down
my topics to two all right number one you talked about my space at the beginning of the show yeah
there is there is an article that's been floating around about my space about some of the craziness
one one of them in there they talk about the top eight there's always a fight about the top eight
and I think this was a BuzzFeed article yeah whenever this floats around that top eight I
know six of the people on that top eight because I was friends I'm still friends with that person's
but that was on myspace yeah I don't even remember who is in my top eight I really don't I feel like
olr started around that time so I probably had Janie in the top eight probably Loki if he was
even on myspace on you remember I had my music stuff on there oh you sure did I know I had you
and she who shall not be named uh-huh um yeah yeah I don't I don't even remember anymore so I I have
no idea who is in my top eight I wasn't dating Alan then so he wouldn't have been in the top
eight maybe whoever I was taking at the time it was a long time ago but yeah I can't even remember
it would be fun to go back and see though because yeah who knows if I'm even still friends with those
people as sad as it is I think I deleted mine oh yeah I did too so I wouldn't be able to know well
then at some point you were able to expand it to like a top 24 so that's what I did yeah just used
to be able to write code inject code in here to make it like your top 100 you know what I think
I did I think I made my top eight so that it wasn't so competitive I think I made my top eight like
Abba and Alanis Morissette and it was like all the like bands and stuff so I I didn't have to
play that ugly rank your friends game Rob forget forget the rest of the topics I want to talk about
tonight what's on Abba coming back we haven't I opened up that door didn't I stay tuned to this
week shaking and crying and yes there will be a new episode this week but I Lord Jesus I don't
want to ruin it but all I will say is that the title is appropriate didn't you just have a
musical episode yes yes that's that's all I can say Rama I'm sorry that's cool cuz my first one
article I was like oh my god I have to tell her I gotta tell you were the first to put it on my
page for what it's worth when I roll that a baby probably you had the East Coast advantage here
because when I rolled out of bed it was like Rama shared an article with you and if you were the
first to post it and then like it I kid you not that article got posted to my Facebook page at
least five times and one of them was Jamie which but but like I think I responded to Jamie's I'm
like yeah I woke up saw it yeah no which which again I put I love that I'm getting tied to this
all the time but I'm not being sarcastic like I'm actually really touched that people when they
think of such a great fucking band like Abba think of me and like want to tell me and share
that news so I'm I'm post it five more times to my wall I love it I almost texted it to you that
morning and good thing you didn't cuz we're three hours behind you don't forget all right welcome
Kirsten been like oh I guess he gets a pass for that yeah that's true that's true you would have
gotten a pass for that news all right Rama I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show but
thank you for your call no problem also I got a SNES classic I'm out of here all right bye have
fun with it it's a fun system all right oh my god my myspace page is linked on our wiki is it
really it is go wiki stalkers you guys did a good job my top eight were oh my god it's still there
Kristen oh I miss Kristin Julie Julie McGuire oh yeah okay Julie um olr okay by the way orange
lounge radio on Skype last call Meg Z okay sure um make sense Kristen from work um I love the way
you said that my friend Derek who was our Matt and Marissa sorry Rob I thought I had you in my
top I deleted my myspace that's right so I may have been in your top eight and I got bounced
out when I deleted it I do have a last-minute story all right go for it so the switch has
been hacked finally oh so it's been hacked in the craziest part about this hack it's unpatchable so
the way it's involves a flaw in the switches Tegra processor their USB recovery mode which
can't be patched it just cannot be patched anymore so already two hacking groups have allowed users
to jailbreak the switch and even run a ported version of Linux on the system and to actually
access it I mean it's like super easy basically create like a little dongle thing that hooks up
to the side of it and you can do it actually with a paperclip if you have it formatted just right
but it's just so crazy that already we've this has happened and it's unpatchable so it'll be
interesting to see what happens from here interesting especially to see whatever they
announced next oh my god Jamie is this your own myspace picture that you just linked in chat yep
and also I linked another one of you and me on Space Mountain oh Jesus was my old crappy phone
so it's all blurry as shit so the so for the sake of our radio people this is a picture of Jamie
standing in front of Space Mountain and she's looking happy which of course she would be because
she's about to go on fucking that was rockin Space Mountain so that's 2000 fucking six oh shit
that was my first trip back to Disneyland and I am like legit screaming on this right this is before
we did the poses cuz I'm doing moose ears that was like my first time on Space Mountain in years
oh that's awesome and I remembered when cuz to keep in mind I went on that and scream in 24
times that year because that was the year that Chris got me a annual pass love it that was so
much fun at times that was my first trip back to Disneyland in my adult life it was you me
Chris amazing all went I also have the one that end that was my original Facebook profile picture
too all right I will link that in the chat we can keep going on well meanwhile we do have one more
last-minute call coming in so we will take this and then we'll wrap it up hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this hey this act up yeah buddy good to hear from you well I have a last
minute story for you involving Kirby Star Allies oh yes yes that JD is a fan of this game what
would you like to say well they that a mining data mining mines sorry that the bill and basically
they found more DLC characters that are coming to the game and it's pretty exciting okay what
kind of characters probably two other waves that the first one would be Adeline from Kirby 64 mm-hmm
also I forgot the name Oh row road Roach the Roach sorry that Roach from Kirby's quick squat and
also Dark Meta Knight too and there's also a third DLC probably with with the gem Bastion
the sisters or mages from Kirby Star Allies okay there's also one other Megalor from Kirby return
to dreamland and another character which I forgot god damn ah Susie from Kirby planet robot so and
also Terenza from Kirby triple deluxe so look forward to all those amiibo coming soon as well
yes dark soccer is actually wearing a Kirby shirt tonight and earlier in the show I know you weren't
here for the first 30 minutes but be sure to go back and listen to it because I thought dark
soccer was telling me about a Kirby drag outfit she was planning but it turns out she said a Kirby
and I was like oh act F's gonna be so disappointed I thought it was a Kirby drag outfit you know I
could probably put something together I'm pretty handy with some hot glue yes I know I know I'll do
a Meta Knight one well that'd be fun so you're enjoying the Kirby of course you're enjoying the
Kirby switch game of course I already finished it so I I'm pretty excited about the new content and
having more characters though I do wish the game had a little more expansion to it mm-hmm since it's
it is kind of short and all that stuff but the game is if if anybody is still considering getting
it I really recommend it especially playing with friends yeah that game is so much fun with friends
so way too much fun how about that another party game that Nintendo has done successfully yeah
that's not a read that's a real like they just always seem to do that I finished the game when
I had a bunch of friends over and it was it was a lot of fun but it also made it a lot easier
because you can use the special characters and they're super overpowered like the the one guy
from Kirby superstar like lets you rain down bomb confetti or something and it just decimated
everything it was great yeah marks Marcus is overpowered also gooey it's like really fun to
use yeah all right well act after I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up but thank you for the
Kirby update hey thanks the inner problem no problem take care buddy all right I think that
is gonna wrap it up for the skype line tonight but if you have something else you want to say
after the fact you can always tweet at us at olr but we're also of course on the emails as well
participate at orange lounge radio.com do people still send emails anymore of course they do you
can do that that way all right it's about time to wrap up the show tonight and get on out of here
but I do want to thank you guys for being out here tonight and of course as I always say at the end
of every episode of Orange D'Andrea if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange D'Andrea tonight
tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every
gamer has a voice but if the voices aren't here to air then we're missing out so tell a friend
also you can leave us a nice five-star review on a place like iTunes or Google podcast or wherever
you found this show those five-star reviews go a very very long way to help for exposure so really
appreciate it JD thank you so much for being here tonight yeah it's been a while me yeah no problem
happy happy gaming with all the mobile stuff hope you hope you get some good stuff and Pokemon go
and hope the Nintendo switch excitements or hope the Nintendo switch news coming up here gets you
really excited so yeah anything else any final words for our listeners tonight I'm excited for
donuts yay donuts donuts are a thing to get excited about you know we didn't mention this
on air but last night we went to that place they do the big puffs here so you actually get like
you can get a glazed or a non glazed donut I was like a glazed donut that's too much I got a non
glazed donut they put ice cream in it so I got cake batter ice cream in a donut and then they
like they like fry it they fuse it together or something they roll it around in toppings and
then fuse it together they let you do your choice of like frozen yogurt style toppings like coconut
and sprinkles and candy bits I got sprinkles and coconut cream used to have cronuts for their ice
cream sandwiches interesting it was pretty epic I think they put them in a panini press yeah I
think they put them in a panini press and kind of like reunify the donut but it works it works
really well anyway that's what my big butt ate this week anyway uh let's see so let's go around
to your rails this final thought here I'll start with you dark Sakura what is your final thought
for our listeners tonight I want a donut oh sorry to bring it up uh let's see my final thought
tonight is I I'm still full from brunch man that's the downside of the great tradition of gay Sunday
brunch is that I'm still full actually if I may bring this up all right faces is now doing a
charity brunch on Sundays oh I didn't know that that's fine so I'm planning on going next Sunday
if people want to go mmm if I'm here yeah cool all right last but not least Loki your final thought
tonight my final thought is I have to figure out whether there's switch games to get I'm looking
for more local multiplayer stuff because my son's having some friends over and they need more
four-player yeah you have to look into the online stuff the big library of indie games there's got
to be some good stuff in there yeah jackbox and I'm just kidding they're too young for that but
yeah they wouldn't you probably don't want the kids playing trivia murder party it's probably
a little soon for that yeah yeah probably all right anyway Oh Loki suggests Kirby star allies
there you go well that is a cute cute kid game and yeah you know he wants Mario Party but I
don't think there's any Mario Party games tonight yet oh yeah I would say that's a guarantee for e3
but we'll see we'll see anyway we'll find out as we get closer and closer to e3 next week here
on olr we'll be back in seven days to do it all over again thank you so much for listening and
good night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of
olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific
9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
