This week Microsoft's continued expansion of their avatar system was inadvertently leaked revealing changes allowing a more detailed embodiment of yourself or a person of your own design. That's just one story to come. Join us for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio prepped for takeoff tonight on episode 727 of our show. For tonight, April the 22nd of 2018, my name is Rob Roberts and joining me here in studio every week, every single stinking week except the week she doesn't say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi, how are you?
I'm alive.
Good. I'm glad to hear that. You were telling me a little bit about you had a spa day yesterday with one of our lady friends from the DDR days.
Yes. People from those days may know her as DNL Dreams. It was Renee. I met up at her house and we went into San Francisco and went to the Pearl Spa in Japantown. It's a Korean run business and I don't know too much about bathroom rituals for Korea so I don't know if it's the same thing.
But it felt very like a Japanese bath to me where you go and you sit and you clean first and then you can have a hot tub or a cold tub. And so it was really nice. Lots of good soaking. They had a sauna, which I'm not too fond of saunas, and a steam room that was out of order.
But then upstairs they had two other sauna rooms that had like a clay bed that you lay in, like clay balls, red clay balls, and a Himalayan salt room. And they did sheet masks. And I was like, oh, sheet masks. And they gave me two, which I brought for your significant other.
Oh, there you go.
And because I have a bunch. And then I had like a full body exfoliating scrub. I got over any body shyness I had really quick because you do go in there naked. It's very like that.
Okay. But like women go to the bathroom together, so whatever.
It was scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub, all the scrubbing, hot water. And the hot water felt great, but it was surprisingly hot just to have it splashed on me. And like just tons of skin came off. And now I've got baby skin. I keep petting my arm because I don't know who this is anymore.
And like almost all my calluses are gone. It's amazing.
That actually sounds fun. I would do something like that. Now, not to like give away my home address on air, but a somewhat reasonable distance here from OLR headquarters. There used to be a men's only Korean spa, like not that far from here.
This was women's only.
Right. So but this men's only one. I have I am aware that some CD. It is not just.
It's that kind of bathhouse.
Yeah, it's like the one in Berkeley.
It's not just like massage.
I've learned a lot about bathhouses lately.
Yeah. Yeah. So and no, I don't know this firsthand. You pervs. I just I've heard things. There was a bathroom stalls.
There was supposed to be a cento like a Japanese style full bath, you know, split men and women's just outside of Sacramento.
And I think it closed down because it was when I was looking for places because it's like, where am I going to find outside of San Francisco or that infamous male bathhouse in Berkeley?
What's basically hookup bathhouse?
I didn't even tell you the punchline of this whole thing.
No, it's fine. The the the thing closed. It's gone.
And in its place is the same name, Burger and Shake.
So it's like the family must have decided, maybe this business.
So but now it's going to be Burger and Shake.
So I can just see one of these days, Loki's going to bring a bill bag, a burger and shakes in this place.
And maybe like, do you know what used to happen there?
Oh, it still happens there, too.
So you get your burger and your shake on.
Burger and shake wink.
How are you doing, Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Good, good. Full of breadsticks, I see.
Full of breadsticks.
Good. A very breakfast of champions and dinner, too.
Yep. All three meals, pretty much.
Yeah. How's how's your week been?
I saw I saw some pictures on the old book of faces over at Old Town.
So you must have taken the fam out for a play day.
Yeah. The kids wanted to go on the light rail to Old Sacramento, to the railroad museum.
Sadly, we got to light rail station right as the light rail came and we missed it.
So we just drove down there anyways, which is probably better anyways.
Who wants to sell light rail train for 30 minutes?
Especially with the kids.
They wanted to because they thought it'd be exciting.
But we instead we went on like the steam train that they have there.
Oh, that's cool.
Had dinner and I played lots of Pokemon Go and even on the steam train, which is great because it doesn't go very fast.
I hit all the focus apps along the way.
Brilliant. Brilliant.
Did you did you see that shop that has the classic arcade games in the back?
No.
Oh, it's not far from where those trains are.
There's a little there's a shop and it's like a it's like a kitsch, knickknack type of shop.
But in the back, they have a bunch of like 80s arcade games.
They want like 50 cents a play, though, to play shit like Defender and Joust.
And they have them. There's like the second candy.
So there's like the candy heaven, which is like there's like four candy barrel stores and there's like two sock stores.
Like who who gets them? Like who shops for socks?
Alan. Alan loves fun socks. Yeah.
Jamie, I thought this was the thing you'd like to.
I really like socks, but they have to be well-made socks.
So I won't buy funny socks if they're not well-made.
I do. I do like I like cute socks and I don't care how they're made.
J.D., who comes on the show once in a while, he's in our chat now and he'll be here next week.
He got me this really cute pair of Jigglypuff socks.
So, you know, for when I play Pokemon Go.
And when I was at the mall not that long ago, I got Bob Ross socks.
They're super cute. So, OK, well, apparently everybody's more in the socks than I was aware.
But anyways, so they used to have like I remember that because we were walking by some of the stores and like,
oh, yeah, that's where the Nickel Arcade used to be.
But like I remember that second candy store and I know there's probably dozens of other ones,
but the second one that's kind of in the corner there,
they had like classic arcade games in the back too at the time.
Oh, that's random.
But they don't anymore and no one's in there because, you know, everyone's at the other candy store, which is way better.
Oh, poor guys. All right.
I do want to say hello to our chat room where we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice geeks network,
vog network dot com at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
But a programming note, Bobby, he was here tonight.
He's going to be gone for the next couple of weeks, but we will still be here.
We don't have any shows off till the end of June.
So we'll be here for the next few weeks, again, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern.
And if you are listening live, you can join us in our chat room at live dot vog network dot com.
All those chat issues from last week, they were resolved in the middle of the week.
Essentially, it was explained to me the same way it was explained that the Oculus Rift,
remember when their website just kind of stopped because the security certificate was bad?
That's kind of what happened to our chat last week.
So there was nothing we could do about it during the show.
But the issue magically fixed itself in the middle of the week.
Bobby as a fail safe also put some other like alternative links there if that happens again.
So sorry about last week, guys, but shit happens.
So well, but we made it through a show last week.
It was a fun show last week.
And it'll be a fun show tonight, too, with more folks in our chat over at live dot vog network dot com.
And Bobby Black Wolf actually starts us off.
He sends a link.
But he said, did somebody say gaming socks and pointed out these are the socks I wore at my wedding?
And they're actually Katamari Damacy socks, which to go with the cake that Bobby had at his wedding.
See, see now, Loki, can you see why we like socks when it's things like this, like the king of all cosmos?
I do, though.
I tell you, I find cute socks at Daiso sometimes and I will buy them because they're pile socks,
not just a tweet, you know, to give Daiso some business because Daiso is big and all over the world.
But their socks are really well made and I ruin socks.
These I've had for a year and they're still not ruined.
My stripey socks from Daiso.
Bobby wants to clarify in chat.
He didn't know about the cake and the socks were a gift from the best man.
So the best man was in on this thing.
Maybe. Or it's all just a wonderful coincidence.
So it works. It works.
Sia Tabiri in our chat also points out that socks was the number one Clinton kitty.
Well, yeah, but socks ended up being given away when they got a dog.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Yeah. And the ladies had socks until until socks died.
But we need another president with a cat instead of, you know, this anti-Semitic tweeting shithole that we have.
I should be president if for no other reason than Mr. Smoosh could be first cat.
I mean, well, I should be president.
Well, you well, I should be president.
Well, I'm actually of legal age to be president.
So am I. So, yeah, you did.
Yes. Yes. Look, Jamie lies to people.
Why would you vote for her?
We should co-preside. We'll just take turns.
You can be. Well, you're more qualified than the current secretary of education.
So why don't you try to roll through?
I actually went to public school.
All right. Anyway, it's not a politics show. It's a gaming show.
Let's get into some gaming news. Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight.
Oh, boy. Get your tea, because this is going to be a rough patch.
Hey, let's talk about Mass Effect Andromeda, dark soccer.
Why don't we talk a little bit about that and drama.
Yeah. And with it, shall I begin my my bitter tears?
Hold hold them for a minute, because just in case some folks weren't aware, there was a blog that was posted this week by the general manager of Bioware, Casey Hudson, who is the what?
He's the on again off again employee over Bioware. He's on right now.
And he mentioned in this blog post Mass Effect Andromeda wasn't going to be getting DLC.
We already knew that. But he talked about kind of like what went on behind the scenes, that it was kind of like shocking to them, I guess, because they mentioned, you know, we all know the Korean arc was the thing that was going to happen supposedly at one point in the story.
They're satisfying this through a book or something now, a comic book. I don't know.
I stopped caring because I'm so mad about it.
But anyway, Casey Hudson in the blog post called this a defining moment for Bioware.
So the moment they found out they weren't going to do DLC that EA, I guess, had pretty much pulled the plug on Mass Effect Andromeda, which was their own fucking fault to begin with.
But anyway, they decided that they weren't going to do the DLC and Bioware called this a defining moment.
So we need to delight players with new experiences and innovations, says Hudson, but we must stay focused on the importance of our world, character and storytelling elements that players expect from our games.
And our games must be designed to continue delivering new stories and experiences in an ongoing relationship with players within the worlds we're evolving together.
So he mentioned about Anthem, the world, story and character will be available to experience in co-op in an ongoing series of adventures.
Anthem will be unlike anything you've played, but if we do it right, it will be very distinctively Bioware.
And I'm at the point where this game can go fuck itself.
And I hate to say that because I know there are lots of people that are working very hard on this game.
And this is not about any of those programmers or any of those people that are just trying to make a living and do a job.
And I feel very, very bad that I'm having to talk so negatively about Anthem.
The fault is not with you guys. It is very clear it is at the executive level. It always has been.
And it's at a level where it's EA's fucking fault.
And I don't care about Anthem.
Bioware, I'm not sure Bioware realizes how badly they've alienated people with this whole debacle.
And the people that they want to be supporting Anthem, a lot of the people that have supported Dragon Age and Mass Effect.
And to be all like, well, since the DLC model or whatever didn't work, we're going to have to go to co-op, co-op, co-op.
Games as a service, herpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderpaderp
violence that's happened in some of the previous series and kind of like some of
the ethical questions about that stuff apparently God of War is kind of this new
ones chewing on it kind of makes me go shit I think I might I think I might pick
this up like I kind of want to play this new God of War game the more and more I
hear about it the more I see about it so don't fucking sit there and tell me EA
Bioware that there's no room for single-player experiences like like
continue to show me that you're continuing to make bad decisions Bioware
Bioware is gonna be gone in the next couple years you're not gonna get a new
dragon yeah they're they're the next company on the chopping block that EA is
gonna absorb in and just destroy I hate I hate saying this I hate being negative
you know I am NOT negative when it comes to games but it's these fucking
decisions that happen at such a high level that made me so angry and I would
guess a lot of the things that make us you know angry gamers and stuff is
usually the fault of some type of executive decision hell a lot of the
stuff that usually even Loki gets on his horse with Nintendo about it's
usually some type of decision at the very very top gotta keep those
shareholders happy we're angry when we love it Jamie I know you want to spill
some tea what was what was your reaction to hearing all this fuck them I've been
fuck them since anthem was announced but why I mean like because remember there's
gonna be people listening to this that are like olr they're just more angry
jaded angry I thought it looked cool I thought anthem look cool but then again
I know it looks cool it's all the bullshit that's in the back end that is
gonna drive me away from it right it's just that I really was into Mass Effect
Andromeda story I really enjoyed it I want to find out what happened to the
quarry ins I want it in without reading a book about I love books mind you and
I'll probably read the book but I wanted more and there was an even now knowing
there was more and they're not giving it to us fuck them all over this fucking
stupid piece of shit game that they don't think they think they know what we
want without fucking asking us what the fuck we want that's bingo that that's it
there's the tea right there they think they know what we want without asking us
what we want so fuck them that's and that's what I fucking need EA to do here
I need EA to come out and take some fucking accountability EA not Bioware
don't fucking send Casey Hudson to do it EA you come out and take some
accountability for why Mass Effect Andromeda flocked it in flock because of
the flop because the fans it flop because of you they never will look at
Star Wars they're never gonna do that it's never ever gonna happen so that's
why anthem can go fuck itself I already why I'm angry I'm ready to start like a
boycott EA hashtag well I mean I'm ready to have been there yeah no offense but
been there done that but it does bring attention to it and if people put in
there why you know or boycott anthem may you maybe instead of using the word
boycott because I don't think that's what this is I'm not boycotting anthem
I'm I don't not buying it I don't pre-order this I I'm trying to think of
something but it's something like I no longer hmm I'm trying to think of
something that's not so like that's more real like we use no it's not even it's
like I I'm done with Bioware because or I or no it's more EA it's not even
about done with EA done with EA yeah that's it I'm starting I did I thought
somebody said in chat yeah done with EA because you know and what this is it's
not a boycott it's just like I'm I'm done I'm done well and I'll be honest I
don't think I've played an EA game in how long a while what was like my first
act as president will be well be here's I mean I don't know anyway going to chat
at live dot vog network comm looking at some of the comments there act Efton
chat says we as a consumer we also don't know what we want I'd be very curious Oh
active says companies think people want battle royale games so we'll be getting
into that later come on no Gus and chat says Rob Roberts has been wanting to
drag them a little bit I didn't really want to discuss this topic but it did
become you know news this week when you know Casey Hudson and Bioware put out
that statement let's see phantasm chat says I'll boycott EA by not going to
their press or at e3 I'm working that day dungeon buster and chat says Sim
City can never be played offline a few months later an offline patch is
introduced Bobby Blackwell says we say we want single-player but our actions
show all multiplayer and battle royale you don't see God of War being the top
game on twitch but as the top game I mean maybe part of the reason people
don't want to watch single-player stuff on twitch all the time is because they
don't want the story spoiled so is twitch rankings really the best way to
evaluate that I mean it should be just sales if this God of War game if
horizon's yield zero dawn are selling millions and millions of copies which I
don't see how I'm sure horizon zero dawn did very well yeah because Sony doesn't
stop talking about it they did the expansion for it good for them but also
we got God of War I'm sure of course this game is gonna do well how does God
of War not end up selling like all the other games that they've been I mean
they had until dawn they had and I know there's more in it got Detroit coming up
Detroit yes which is that's not a Sony it's a Sony exclusive but it's the last
of us okay there you go last of us yeah uncharted I mean they kind of rock the
single-player yeah sure they put some multiplayer in there and then I have no
problem with them putting multiplayer stuff in there in as well Mass Effect
3 was rad which is why and we're gonna get into a layer which is why when I
hear this oh well we're not including a certain portion of the game that makes
me think yeah but you're still asking me to pay $60 for your game so you're
telling me oh we're giving you half a game but pay us the full full money and
then some in a season pass let's see Dungeon Buster and chat kind of following
up on that to be fair some games are great to watch on Twitch others are just
damn boring unless the broadcaster is really entertaining which really isn't a
good judge of what people are playing though really mm-hmm you know cuz it's
just like you said people don't always want to see stories spoiled right you
know and sometimes you know you're in a single-player game and like I'll do
Dragon Age from time to time but I'll stop because I'm into the game you know
right it's just not it's really not a good gauge Bobby Blackwolf and chat says
but you watch my Sierra games and a follow-up to that yeah but I and I know
you're saying that a little tongue-in-cheek but you know for one the
Sierra games are very very very old it's like one of those things where it's like
spoiler alert I'm going to spoil the Star Wars series okay Darth Vader's
Luke's father what like you can't really spoil something that's been out for like
30 years right so the boat sinks at the end of Titanic oh my god you know so
anyway with that whole thing people watch Bobby stream because it's Bobby
it's like it's kind of like you said you only watch me play Ni No Kuni 2 because
it's me I don't think you are as into Ni No Kuni 2 sometimes the personality
carries it a lot further there you go and phantasm chat straight up says I
like to play not watch phantasm out of curiosity if you play through a
single-player game or any game will you maybe watch somebody play it after the
fact because I've done that before like I've played through a single-player game
like let's say Final Fantasy 15 or something and then I've gone back and
watched other people play it just to kind of see like how they're gonna react
to the story I know that was a big thing with Until Dawn I know Shane and I had a
conversation about this once because he was super into that game and he loved to
watch twitch streamers play Until Dawn because he wanted to see how they would
react to all the scares and all the you know multiple branching paths to yeah
that's true too for sure and dungeon buster kind of follows up on that too
says actually I'll admit I do like watching some RPGs that I've played
already just to see the reactions to certain scenes for sure and even
something ironically like Mass Effect sometimes they're gonna make story
choices that were different than what you did and so it's kind of like you get
to see a different side of the game like oh that's what happens if you pick
that option I didn't know because when I played through it it was this option you
know so I don't know there's there's some reasons I like to watch that stuff
but anyway I don't know at this point if EA isn't gonna put out any type of
apology for you know basically or accountability for what they did a Mass
Effect Andromeda which I don't expect them to do I hard pass on anthem or
really any big-budget EA title I'm not really ready to completely maybe write
off everything because I also know there's some indie things that the only
way they kind of get out is through the EA support like what was the unravel
that wasn't was that Ubisoft or was that EA oh yeah so I don't know I don't know
well they also just have that was escape plan I think it was called hmm that was
pretty good but at least as far as anthem specifically pass I'm I'm not
seeing past yet until I see what the game is but I have a feeling it's gonna
be like destiny and I will judge honestly I'm not into the whole concept
of destiny really I've been burned by destiny twice now so yeah I still never
it's pretty I'll give it that yeah destiny 2 is pretty anyway let's move on
well I swear we are positive and stuff here on a well r2 it's just that was
something you get y'all know when a Bioware thing came up you had to you had
to know what Jamie was gonna say about what I was gonna say about it yeah fuck
them all right I'm not going to play anthem I'm not going to look at it I'm
not gonna support anything having to do with anthem I will forget anthem exists
in my internal universe you have had it officially I'm done with EA it's okay
though cuz if you pre-order from GameStop I'm sure you'll get an n7 skin
for your whatever you're calling no that not even that offensive like that's
really offensive it is but you watch they haven't announced anything yet I
know I'm willing to bet that that shit is gonna know thing did lure in the mass
I will say this I did participate in the Bioware clearance sale when since
they're changing their storefronts mm-hmm because I finally replaced like
the shirt that I wore holes in mm-hmm and I did it for five bucks
L more chart in our chat I hope I said that right I think that's a newer name
so hi and welcome it says there are very very few games I'll fork out $60 now
thanks to shenanigans like Andromeda last straw kind of thing oh certainly
when it comes to EA and the $60 price tag you betcha I have reservations about
that but you know other other it other companies it really depends Blizzard
you know if Blizzard were to say we're gonna do an overwatch expansion it's
gonna be you know $49.99 or something I if they go like it's single-player I'll
be like I'm in your PVE or whatever I'll be I'm in you know like certain
companies can kind of get away with it like Blizzard you know I'm willing to
pay a high price tag for their games cuz is there a bad Blizzard game I don't
think there is so there have been some bad expansions there well and there have
been games I don't prefer to other games like Starcraft I don't prefer I'm not a
Starcraft fan and I I want to get my game playing Diablo but I still look at
Starcraft and I go it is a good game it's just not my game yeah it's kind of
like that similar thing I have a God of War and that whole series I never really
got into God of War doesn't mean I don't like it I just you know I am one gamer
with a day job that has nothing to do with OLR you know I can only play
somebody by the time I come home I'll be honest because most of the playing I do
is on my computer mm-hmm I don't want to look at a computer all day for my job
and I don't want to look at another one you know maybe I'll have a stream day
maybe it'll just be me fucking around and Wow I don't know there you go
Mega Man x400 one of my good speaking of streaming one of my streamer pals in
chat says that would be pretty fucking rude if they put an n7 skin and anthem
yes it would I'm glad I'm glad we're not a matter of time and we'll be saying it
told you so but I know I know all right positivity happy experiences good things
games are awesome or we wouldn't do this show it's this is all this other stuff
the video game business is what sucks sometimes but video games themselves
fucking awesome let's talk about some fucking awesome things we played this
week our soccer I'm sorry I was looking my bullet journal that's okay how was
your gaming week oh god I didn't really I guess play a whole lot again it's been
a really crazy week because I'm trying to I've got two weeks now before drag
con and I'm trying to get a lot of my stuff together however I had started
firewatch and finally I just like I'm tired of being at my computer so Dan and
I just watched the rest of the game because honestly it's kind of the same
thing and so I really I really liked firewatch and I'm probably gonna go
finish it maybe I'll stream that other than that it's been Pokemon go it's been
idol pouring it's been actually playing some some puyo puyo because I love my
puyo puyo and I'm kind of in the mood for puyo puyo that is fun to say it's
not puyo it's not a it's not a chicken el puyo loco puyo puyo no it's it's
puyo puyo yes just playing the general stuff like that I've got I've got drag
con to get ready for all right conventions they're hard work yeah well
that and I still haven't decided if I'm doing Shirley Manson styled girl drag
for the 90s huh or if I'm just gonna do sister face the whole time well it
sounds like you've managed to fit in a few games here and there so yeah I mean
I play when I can I'm also finishing up a book okay all right well let's move
over to Loki how was your gaming week how many and play a whole ton of stuff
nothing really on console just because my wife's been watching all of the shows
on TV like literally all of them so I haven't been able to play any consoles
and I've really man when I picked up our cry 5 I really should have gotten it on
PC but I didn't know well whatever um so I played them Pokemon go quite a bit
this weekend just because I was out where there's pokey stops and I was
trying to gear up basically I played a little tiny bit of ingress just in
between waiting for stuff to respond and Pokemon go and a little bit of the
office space game which I don't even know why I still play that fucking thing
I swear to God it's just stupid that's pretty much it sadly um wow I hate to
kind of have a slow gaming week across the board but I didn't play a lot of new
stuff but I still played a lot of the existing stuff still been playing um the
name is gay I can't always say the be mania 2dx but it's not 2dx yes DJ max
respect I've still been playing DJ max respect I'm still trying to clear all
the songs in six button mode so I've been playing that I've been playing a
little bit on Xbox actually because that is now the cons because I moved the
PlayStation 4 to the office so I can do more streaming from it the Xbox one is
now kind of my console that's hooked up to the TV and you know okay I had the
weirdest problem with my Xbox one for the longest time like the fan that it
was hooked up to it would make a lot of noise like it was very like but like
they did some recent update and like that stopped I don't know like can a can
a patch like change the hardware like that like well they could probably maybe
change the firmware kicks on could be a firmware update that's pretty cool that
they finally like change that cuz well my Xbox is quiet and I leave it plugged
in a lot well I mean it actually is your your fans will usually kick on when
you've got you know an excess of heat running on your computer if it changes
the way the heat is detected or the power management system then certainly
the fans wouldn't kick on so much I mean the same thing can happen like I'll use
a Mac for an example you've got your fans running kind of high you can do an
SMC reset and sometimes it will keep the fans from running like they were even
when my Xbox one was powered off you would still hear the power brick going
oh yeah it has to cool down yeah so it was it was so they fixed it somehow so
cool with that but let's see so stuff I've been playing though so I did
actually okay so here's the crazy thing you guys are gonna think this is so
weird I did get super I've probably played like for four hours this week one
game that I haven't played in a long time you ready for this especially you
Loki you ready I played a lot of minecraft this week why did you say
anything I would have totally played with you yeah no and it's not like it's
the windows 10 minecraft yeah I didn't I did not realize they've changed so much
yes so much is changing but doesn't it run so good it runs so good and plus
like when did they make it so that like the PC version doesn't have the manual
crafting anymore you just go into that big recipe book and it's just like
anything you want to make and you can see exactly what you need to make it not
too long ago they still have that what quality of life awesome shit is this so
like it kind of made me excited about minecraft again so I just started
playing now I don't think I have the best world because you know you can put
in a seed and you can get whatever world you want so of course the seed that I
used was Miss Vangie and that's the seed I used to do this world but spoiler
alert Miss Vangie's world kind of starts you in the middle of all these sand
dunes which isn't the most exciting place to start at least if I roll a
world named Miss Vangie and you roll a world name is all the same it's all the
same but you have to do like I did with a capital M capital V right if you did
lowercase and lowercase V to you to completely it would be completely okay
so maybe if you and I decide to play together we'll start on a different
world that's like just just Vangie or something we'll do something like that
yeah all right there you go you could just do Vanessa Vangie Mateo and what
you get or as in our chat suggest JD suggests Miss Vangie with five A's Miss
Vangie exactly okay so anyway um so yeah spoiler alert the Miss Vangie world not
so great so although it does seem like there's a lot of other biomes nearby
we're trying to get that achievement but and lots of there's lots of wildlife in
the starting area like finding the sheep to get the wool that was really easy
because I forgot like man trying to make a bed really sucks and like the thing
that's like the toughest thing about Minecraft I think is like try well
because I play in survival mode I play easy survival yeah because I want there
to be a point and although don't get me wrong like I love the shit I see in
creative mode I love how people basically use minecraft as like virtual
Legos I love that stuff but like that's not for I'm not as artistic so that mode
doesn't speak to me as much as like survival mode where it's like there is a
game the game is to survive and not get killed by creepers and stuff I get more
thrill out of that so but the hardest part is that you have to build a house
in the first like ten minutes because if you don't then when the monsters come
out like they're gonna be skeletons and spiders and creepers and shit that spawn
right by your house but like trying to get a bed for your house that's hard
because you've got to find like what three pieces of wool which means you
have to basically kill sheep because you're not gonna get shears that fast
which when did they put shears in Minecraft that was something I was like
that's been in the since the Xbox 360 really yeah I missed the boat on that
somehow so anyway it's just faster just to kill them so it doesn't matter I
guess I guess so anyway without going on and on about a game that's years and
years old I've been rediscovering minecraft so if you haven't played
minecraft in like two years I would say fire it up and see what's changed cuz
you know it felt like kind of a new game to me in many ways so that was really
cool so anyway so yeah we need to we need to do a multiplayer that would be
really fun cuz I you it's all through the realms thing now right well realms
are like the servers so if you keep a serve you want like a server to keep
going huh you pay for realms and then people can log into that but it's like
very limited the amount of people can connect at a time but you can just do
multiplayer also okay that's cool now with the realms can I play on PC and
somebody on Xbox one can yep thing Oh Xbox one the switch phone VR oh that's
something we didn't have before when we had the vog server before it was all PC
yeah oh you making me think maybe we need to need to check out a realm for 30
days and see what happens okay all right all right I think I think that might be
a thing we do and then we play in the official vog network but I'm still using
Vangie as a seed well realm yeah I mean you could just do it like survival
okay create creative was fun but like I don't know it like it almost it like
defeats the point and it was fun like with mods and stuff on there but you
can't really do that so much anymore you can pay for like they have like skins I
guess you can pay for like they kind of skin up everything and change a little
bit of this stuff but I don't know okay Bobby and chat says wait till I get back
so maybe that's gonna be a thing all right in a couple weeks so all right
sounds good and that that gives our listeners time to prepare themselves and
go rediscover minecraft so we'll be we'll be working on that all right Bobby
Blackwell says I have the Xbox one version which has parity with Windows
10 see I had I I knew that they had like the crossplay but I didn't really I kind
of thought like I wonder if the realms is how they title that together so that
you don't have to yeah real realers anymore realms are just one of that
servers paying for realms basically or that you were paying for servers
Microsoft one of them well it's also to make it easier because you know setting
up a server right server is kind of it can be a little bit of a pain and they
still have like the PC PC version if you want to do that you know the Java
version if you want to still run the servers and everything but they do have
realms now they're a little bit better so the only people excluded are
PlayStation 4 and Vita from that but that's Sony's fault that's not yeah okay
all right well and probably the X you know obviously the older systems ps3 and
360 right because those haven't updated but like switch I think is gonna be
getting it soon I don't have their update yet but then there we talked about
last week the new updates gonna have the Xbox actually last week talking about it
and then seeing it on the Nintendo switch store I almost bought it on the
switch and I was like it's 30 bucks I was like you know I have it on PC hello
let me go let me go revisit it on PC so I did and that's when I started
discovering like when the fuck did they change all this so there's a lot I've
been played in months so it's like every time I go back I'm like what is all this
shit right it's all new anyway so I could dust off mine all right okay I've
also though I actually every so often like if I'm bored at work during my
lunch or something I'll play on my Mac okay I'll never call it out for my
gaming time but okay I play on a Mac all right I don't know if the Mac versions
the same as like the Windows 10 I don't care I just play creative anyway because
I dig holes all right anyway I didn't mean to turn my entire segment into a
Minecraft thing but hey it is it is probably the game I played more than
anything else this week so but I think I think I might start over on a better
seed just because yeah the Miss Vangie didn't work out so well as to see I
don't know if you guys if you guys you know maybe we can make it the Vangie
challenge if you want to play on Miss Vangie as a seed and tell me where the
fucking redstone is cuz I can barely find iron okay so it's just like getting
into the mines like I mean I could just dig a hole in the floor and get in the
mines that way but we all know that's not safe because you could dig a hole in
the floor and then you fall through your death right right well okay yeah you
could there you do it you do a gradual standing then of course now they have
also you know you still have the silverfish that end up in there and
that's a pain in the ass yeah Elmore chart in our chat says digging holes in
Minecraft is oddly satisfying that's that's the reward I get from it too like
all I've really done on Miss Vangie world right now is I've built like just
I did find a place to go underground that I kind of like and I've just built
this tunnel in wonder it's just a giant tunnel because I'm like at some point
I'm gonna tunnel into something good well you know what yet to happen you
know what my homes are like the house I had back on the old server it was this
underground network of tunnels like a big maze yeah and I knew how to get
through it but like the opening was like a glass shrine I the door I also
always forget like there is nothing wrong with setting up your home
underground you can set up an easy base underground you just have to dig
yourself the tiniest little hole with the door to bed and you can keep
yourself safe I like I tend to when I'm starting off just into the side of a
mountain because then oh that's smart to see I need to play smarter and do
something like that where I just build or if all else fails like the very
first times we used to play if all else fails you just run out of time you just
build a tower straight up and just wait it out I like that that's good not go go
underground be the dwarves were the dwarves knew something all right anyway
that's it for my gaming week let's get into some gaming news oh I'll quickly
say of course as always follow us on twitter twitter.com slash olr we're also
on facebook facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and anything else I need to
shout out I don't think so I think we were ready to get into some news so
let's do it Loki start us off all right so as I kind of alluded to earlier do
you know a lot of these games are going this whole battle royale route because
of course that's the hot new thing right now so which two people are gonna jump
on the bandwagon first why of course it's gonna be the two big FPS
franchises Call of Duty in battlefield so Call of Duty the official announcement
hasn't come out yet they're gonna be teasing that I guess on May 17th but
from apparently people that are in the known different sources that people had
are saying that the game is not gonna have a single-player campaign like the
other games they said that there's basically gonna be focused on
multiplayer but they will have like some sort of zombies thing that's gonna
happen for the single-player portion and that kind of weird too because when you
hear that the other rumor that was out there was that modern warfare 2
remastered is not gonna have multiplayer it's like but why are you why I know why
because they're gonna sell that shit fucking separate later and that's still
you know head scratching but that's something that they're probably gonna do
I'm saying with battlefield battlefield is something that they're looking at
possibly doing like a battle royale type 4 as well so I forgot I left a game
out of my gaming week do you know what else I played this week
fortnight for night yeah I was I wasn't gonna detract from your story for no
reason the battle royale talk made me think I tried fortnight this week do you
want to hear about my experience with fortnight how's that okay so I don't
know I've watched people play fortnight I've watched people play pub G so I was
like alright well I have for tonight it's installed on my PC I think I
installed it I may have done a stream like early early early on or something I
don't remember I don't remember any of it so I was like alright I'm gonna fire
up fortnight let's do it and so I I set it up and I'm like where's the tutorial
how do I learn how to play and I'm like alright well I'm just gonna start maybe
it sets you in an intro level before you know I went right into a game that was
you know one versus 98 I'm assuming two people didn't make it so I get in there
and I'm like alright well I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing it's like
get out of the bus and I'm like how we get on man and then I'm falling slowly
and I'm like why are all these other people falling faster than me and oh oh
you have to you have to like steer it so I finally figured it out and I landed on
the ground and I was like in this open field and I'm like oh fuck this is a
terrible place to be so I'm like run to a house run to a house so I found a
house I found a barn or something I found a gun and then I was like oh oh
there's a gun up there I want I want I can't get it I'm like wait you can build
stairs right and so I built stairs to get the gun and I'm like okay I did it
I did it and then like oh shit I hear somebody okay here's the main nearby oh
they went in the house they went in the house I ran over the house I opened the
door to the house and I instantly got shotgun to death and I came in 53rd
place and I was like well that was a fortnight Bob what didn't you ever watch
battle royale of course I watched battle royale you don't run to the house you'd
let them come to you and that's exactly what this person did they knew I was
there and they waited for my stupid ass to open the door now this is fortnight
what you do is you build a giant platform in the sky and you snipe
everybody from the sky but then you're you're sitting there with your ass out
in the sky build you build like walls around it and stuff you gotcha fine
phantasm chat says newbie I didn't know what I was doing like fortnight well
technically yes that is the definition because he was a newbie to the game yes
and fortnight doesn't exactly tell you here is how you play fortnight and I was
like alright so trial by fucking fire I'm still happy I came in 53rd but that
must mean like a bunch of people probably plunged well no you know what
it was I stayed alive running around going how do I build this staircase to
this gut is it this button is this so as I'm sitting there being a dumbass other
people are getting picked off because I'm sure there's got to be areas where
like tons of people try to swarm it right that's got to be what happens in
for tonight just remember in every race someone comes in last place to register
participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at fog network calm
use the passphrase English I also watched a stream of fortnight because
one of my buddies from ingress is getting more and more into like game
streaming so he was playing fortnight from his PlayStation 4 so I watched him
and he was laughing so fucking hard because he was playing fortnight on
PlayStation 4 and he was in team mode I guess there's a team yeah you can do
teams his entire team was like 10 year old dudes and like you could hear
parents in the background all this stuff and they're and I'm like I'm like
sitting there with my mouth ajar going like where what what where is your
babysitter where and like and like did the whole time my friend Chris is just
sitting there like trying to be like super calm like you guys need to come
over to the house where are you guys right now because you're gonna get
sniped off it's like trying to be cool and calm and collected I'm like I would
not be able to handle this I would be like hilarious where it made for a
really funny stream which I think and this is why twitch is popular yeah
because it's because there is not as many screaming crazy people you know in
single-player RPGs you haven't seen me play RPGs then we need to see what
happens when you play fortnight dark saga that may not happen it doesn't
sound like something I'd enjoy it's not first-person though for what it's it's
free though it is free free if you hate it who cares you lose anything time time
is a precious commodity that no one will ever get back time is valuable god damn
it anyway uh let's see Bobby Blackwell says it's usually me who's last place in
the race see Mario Kart 8 Bobby I bet if you tried fortnight all you'd have to do
is hide like a little bitch and you'd come in like all right Bobby somewhere
someday I'll get a switch and then maybe you won't be last place or maybe it will
I don't know you know it would make me play a game like that if it was branded
hunter Hunger Games well I'm sure you had like all of the things in the
Hunger Games let's go back to Loki's story I'm sure it's coming because
everybody's battle royale-ing all the things now like I said I would represent
my district I saw this really funny meme because you know now it's the time of
year where everybody's doing e3 leaks e3 leaks so somebody put this meme online
that was like check out this awesome e3 leak it was a slide where everything had
like a battle royale mode right yeah this war like 100 yeah I was like Sims
battle royale but then the one that made me laugh really hard was that had Yoshi's
murder island in the corner and I was like I think I replied and I put if
Yoshi's murder island was a real game I would throw my Sony and Microsoft
systems in the garbage like there would be no need for them anymore I would play
nothing but Yoshi's murder island would you would you dark cycle would you play
Yoshi's murder island maybe see Nintendo 100 Yoshi's one survives I'm like Kirby
battle royale where your goal is just to eat the other curbies what were you
saying I was just gonna say you know if Nintendo was under new management you
know this one a really adult route I'd be down anything's possible but right
now it's all about labo which I know we talked a little bit about God of War at
the top of the show we didn't really address labo came out and there's
another thing that's big on twitch right now is people making their cardboard
stuff I I didn't get labo because I am still sitting here going 60 bucks for
what a cardboard piano I mean yes it looks cool but it's technically $60 it's
yeah 16 and $80 for a robot yeah like and again I'm not hating on labo like if
I had kids I would be buying this for my kids it's awesome but I don't I have mr.
smoosh and mr. smoosh would just claw at the car he would chew it yeah well
Midna choose cardboard would try to live in it Midna likes to eat boxes so
well you can make a house out of like the variety set yeah he can go squish
himself in the house yeah I think the only one of those I'd be interested in
it well the piano one is cool but I'd want to do the rock-em-sock-em robots
one because that game actually kind of looks fun yeah I mean I'm gonna wait and
see what happens with this whole labo thing I'm sure they'll be you know
especially if they start having more like third parties get in on it and it's
like oh we're making all these peripherals out of cardboard because the
little controllers are awesome and do all these things I'll be very curious
to see what happens with that in the future anyway let's talk about another
story that has to do with puzzle fighter you know there's a puzzle fighter iOS
game and I think dark soccer you've mentioned this before I know I checked
it out briefly I didn't really yeah I didn't really care for it it just again
you can't control on the phone the same way you can with a tangible controller
and that's what does it for me well apparently puzzle fighter not having a
lot of success anywhere because Capcom has announced the server will be shutting
down for the game July 31st 2018 the game will be removed from the app stores
on July 1st this game just fucking came out like not even a year ago so the
shelf life of a what do they call these games games mobile service games as a
service now is eight months long and eight eight months service and you guys
thought me Tomo was bad is me Tomo officially dead now no I'm still going
on and I think through me okay I've actually been kind of enjoying me Tomo
now that I have all this money no right yeah so but yeah puzzle fighter coming
to an end before it even really got started what made this puzzle fighter
different it had other Capcom characters in it not just Street Fighter and dark
stalkers like the original 90s puzzle fighter did which was awesome so make it
a free-to-play game put it out on a console didn't we have a story on the
show like two weeks ago that was like puzzle fighter got rated for switch and
stuff so is that just where they're gonna go with it maybe cuz it would make
a lot more sense but still if I had spent money on this game oh my god after
eight months they're gonna pull the plug when you spent money on it like I'd be
kind of pissed Oh Eames as a service no one ever said the service had to be good
and that's again when I hear stuff about like anthem and stuff I'm like well you
know now eight months is the new precedent for the minimum amount well
we look yeah look at like it was a destiny one and you know destiny to
eventually gonna go down to I mean it's only a matter of time with these online
games that don't have a single player is like what's the point they're gonna be
complete garbage it's gonna be as good as an AOL CD at some point do we need
game companies to start saying like I almost kind of want and you know Apple
could Apple could really push this if they wanted to because they did it with
a loot box thing remember they started saying if you're gonna put something
with loot boxes in our store you have to disclose that they started doing that
when the whole battlefront thing happened couldn't Apple say like you
need to start putting a guarantee through date a service is good through
XYZ date on it well this is a free-to-play game so I don't really think
that um usually though there are things about limited price limited sale on the
App Store so I think that at least anything that you'd acquire through the
App Store is gonna have some kind of disclaimer on it but aren't we at the
point where like you know game companies maybe need to start calling out oh well
if you're gonna drop real money or stuff on this we're gonna guarantee our
services are gonna be good through XYZ day I mean the only reason we all know
we keep playing Pokemon go and spending money on Pokemon go as we know that
game is done phenomenally well it continues to do well no matter what you
know you know keyboard blogger people that don't actually play the game are
telling you because this community day still do very well that game is gonna be
running for a very long time you know we know that but I'm starting to distrust
some of these other upcoming games what we have what we're gonna have a
Ghostbusters AR game coming out right I'll check it out that sounds fun though
but how long do we know it's gonna be you know like Ghostbusters if the last
Ghostbusters movie did not come out I might be all down for like anything
Ghostbusters but like it feels like Sony's just trying to milk that cow to
death and I just don't I don't want to touch anything Ghostbusters brand
anymore it's like it's ruined it for me not because of the movie the movie which
is kind of it seemed like they didn't put much effort into it's just a cop
reboot copy of the first one just gender swapping everything the cast
which I don't really care it's just no effort into it but like all the other
games associated with it have been shit that they've had a VR game that was not
good they had a non VR game that was not good so the ghost so the Ghostbusters
gaming franchise hasn't been good since the Atari 2600 and Commodore 64 days
because those games were fucking fire like those games were awesome the
original Ghostbusters game they had also there's a game that was as I forget what
the title of the game was but there's a game that came out not it was a few
years ago which was basically the equivalent of a Ghostbusters 3 because
they had all the original cast so there was that I think that's the one dungeon
Buster's referring to 2009 Ghostbusters yeah so that one was good but like
everything else that's come after it is not so great I'll check it out because
it's probably gonna be free but yeah I don't know everybody wants a piece of
that Pokemon go money yeah much like Pokemon go battle royale there we go
I've struck it rich now but like an AR game battle royale real world like I
would be super into that like like I ingress is an intense game because it's
PvP but it's also like not actually like PvP like I can't fucking lay traps in
ingress or like do things to really like directly disable the other players like
it's not really like intensely PvP like that directly to say well we're talking
like a Tonya Harding situation oh no no because that would be unacceptable in
the real world but you know what I mean like what if what if there was an item
that you could like let's say a mine that you lay on the ground and if
another player walks over that mine they are they can't fire bursters for 30
minutes or something there's nothing turrets everywhere yeah so cuz you know
I'd be like oh yeah I know you know I wouldn't do it to my stuff I would put
it on their stuff like I'd be like I know you're at this portal every single
day so I'm gonna just put a bunch of crap we're aware of where your place of
employment is just feel free to like scatter that shit around all right
anyway let's move on to some more stories dark soccer you got a pretty big
deal story lots of people were talking about this week yeah given that I brought
up fire watch during my class not my classic game but the the games that I
was playing this one kind of actually hit me they basically the developer
campo Santo was acquired by valve it's 12 employees and the quote is they
agreed to join valve and maintain our jobs as video game developers and
continue product on our current project in the valley of the gods so yeah valve
acquired them so now we can't see valve isn't making games anymore because
they've just acquired people who are making games and in the valley of the
gods is going to be a first-person adventure set 1920s Egypt and they're
still supporting fire watch so it's pretty interesting it's actually made
from the company was developers from clay and telltale so I guess it's
something you know maybe we'll get a half-life 3 by them I don't know no no
probably not but still I mean it's good to know that I mean valve you know at
least sees talent in them and sees that these would be good people to add on to
their staff I mean I just hope that they'll be able to keep performing like
that be able to keep doing good games well I think the good news is that maybe
with this valve you know oversight will get a fire watch too but you will never
ever ever get a fire watch 3 so don't get your hopes up well you know if they
do it a fire watch 2 they should actually put a lot more animation into
their scenery instead of it having me so static but other than that for it being
a group of 12 people making the game it wasn't bad and did you did you play it
no I didn't I thought it was really good Rob says he loved it from the other room
but I don't know if it was an acquisition or if it was more like a
full merger it seems to me like more like it's coming off as a a adoption and
less of a full acquisition since you brought up Kirby battle royale earlier
this sounds like a curbing basically valve is inhaled them and absorb their
powers yes that is what's if they've been their rogue they've been correct
they're like they're at rogue can we can we use that for now on when a game
company gets curbied they're getting curbied okay they're sucked up and and
sometimes they could get spit out as a as you know a projectile so yeah that's
EA EA inhales them and then spits them out in a useless form well maybe but
projectiles are useful attacks in Kirby so yes if they were spit out in a
useless form it would just be like an egg like Yoshi pooping an egg no it'd
just be a shit it's just it's just a monster dump that's all anyway moving on
all right well you know this happens sometimes smaller studios get absorbed
by bigger ones it's just interesting that it's valve I think in this case you
know we just haven't heard of valve acquiring a lot of companies lately so
yay to valve making games again I guess by proxy all right moving on so since
we were talking about Minecraft a little bit earlier there is a situation where
apparently since one of the things you probably noticed Rob when you went into
the store or into Minecraft is there's a store now you can buy skins and
everything that people make and you can actually sell them and make some money
off of it as well I did notice that because I was like where is all the 4k
stuff that Microsoft was talking about at the last e3 I don't think that's ever
come out it never yeah it still is not came out they have that it's like the
super awesome super duper graphics pack or whatever is supposed to be concurrent
with the 4k and it kept getting pushed back and it I think the latest updates
was may where they were looking at so yeah all that stuff is still not out
because the 4k I think is a free update but they're anticipating a lot of people
are gonna buy this well I just want the nicer graphics just even not necessarily
4k because I don't have a 4k monitor on my laptop but I'll take the super duper
take whatever I can get yeah which is it's so funny to be sitting here going
minecraft 4k super duper but it is especially you know in the windows 10
where you have such an awesome like distance draw and everything it is it is
really impressive you know for what it is for what it is so apparently anyways
since people can't upload their own skins that they make to the store and
try to sell them some people are uploading some malicious skins to the
storefront that were basically PNG files that had malicious code inside of them
that would cause malware to appear on this on any system that they're run on
so there was three skins that they identified they were affected by it and
looks like there's like a yellow diving suit some blue hoodie thing and some
guides I don't know covered in colors for some reason anyways so they've
caught this and remove them and my ground is basically said that the
minecraft players that upload skin you know as a PNG file they can contain
malicious code this code would not be run or read by the game itself while
your antivirus software might detect this code and alert you to its presence
the code would not be able to run by itself but they're saying that the
people 50,000 users got infected by this of the apparently 74 million players and
with that you know they received messages and their minecraft accounts
saying you know your ass got glued you have maxed out your internet usage for a
lifetime and you're nailed but a new computer this is a piece of shit
Wow it seems like I told them kitty thing to do it so just be careful or
maybe just hold off on buying skins you don't really know now I'm sitting here
going why haven't we made a vog skin like try to try to make a little side
coin for vog maybe we need to get on that a little like a little pack that
has like a vog shirt and a maybe a bobby shirt I'm assuming he'd be down for this
a bobby black wolf logo shirt maybe something for olr sir ferret first mr.
smoocher I'll sell smooches likeness why not also also I will sell out mr. smoosh
to the highest bidder just there's not the cat himself I would never anyway
alright moving on let's talk about again another story about fortnight but this
one's a little bit different because it involves cliff B who is no longer with
epic games he was probably most well-known when he was at epic games
but he actually left epic in 2012 to do a new company that is called boss key
boss key made a game called law breakers that I think kind of came and went in it
yeah they've got their that's a game now radical heights is that new game their
own type of battle royale game that's very like I just looked at it and I was
like oh this is a Loki game no not really I did it doesn't look that great
I don't know really cuz it's all like neon I love that they have like a little
arcade machine in the screen yeah you like taco time you get money you pay for
stuff in like vending machines and I don't know I kind of thought it looked
cool although fantastic our chat said oh god radical heights what a joke all
right maybe I need to look into it a little more but anyway apparently cliff
went on Twitter and fired some shots at epic the company he used to work for
epic of course ended up making fortnight but cliff said in a tweet hey
at epic games could you please stop trying to hire away my team we just
launched radical heights on ue4 and are really happy with how it's going we have
plenty of ways to make it our own but they may never see the light of day if
they keep doing this apparently this move to attract boss key developers over
to fortnight is a little bit more of a recent thing hmm and also it's worth
noting both of these games are battle royale games that are that are bright
colorful they don't quite look like pub G pub G's a little more of the gritty
realistic kind of look these other games are very cartoony so apparently Bosque
has lost more than one employee to epic games recently former programmer William
McCarroll goes over to epic and replied to the tweet by saying it's presumptuous
to suggest that epic is poaching employees with all due respect assuming
that epic is the one starting contact poaching is a bit presumptuous we've all
had our own reasons for making the choice to leave BK P Bosque for epic and
to act like we are commodities being stolen is a bit hurtful we are people
first and forenote most oh shit some drama is going down in the battle royale
world but anyway just kind of interesting I mean something we kind of
forget you know again there's a lot of people hard-working people to go beyond
making behind making these games and sometimes they leave for greener grass
somewhere else in the industry that sucks but like when it's funny those not
even necessarily this situation but you know how like blue holes kind of pissed
off it you know they said Fortnite copied their formula wait till all the
other ones come out wait till how pissed they are then I hope they're working on
pub g2 or something else to really you know or some other type of like you know
to keep themselves hey hey don't forget about us don't forget about us cuz yeah
I think you're right like they're just gonna get more and more upset as this
pool gets more and more diluted which is gonna be a theme at this year's e3
absolutely I mean I know that picture that was going around on Twitter was
just a joke but there's some truth in that you can't chase you can't chase
what's popular you got to be the trendsetter I mean that's think of
something unique yeah what's a new spin you can put on by the because that's
kind of what it is like you you have the game that comes out and if it's pretty
unique and stuff granted pub G wasn't the first battle battle royale game but
you know then Fortnite comes out and kind of did it better and so now they're
the pop more popular one well some would argue if it's really better pub G still
has many many fans true I think the free-to-play aspect of it though is
better because at least you know there's not much to invest there that's
true but I think that everybody's gonna try to get a piece of that pie now and
it's just are they gonna be really innovating on this or is it just gonna
be kind of like me too me too yeah yeah yeah maybe what the pub G folks was
her name blue blue hole what they need to do is team up with Nintendo and make
a game called Yoshi's murder island and then blue hole will be at the top of
their game so I think that's what needs to happen in that meanwhile dark soccer
would be up for us in the news well I'm excited and waiting for Deadpool 2 and
I'm going to be super happy to watch it but the director is adapting a video
game and I don't know the last dead both I guess the Deadpool game that came out
was hilarious but not great it controlled really crap I don't know I
watched the cutscenes on that game I didn't actually play the game and I was
fucking laughing my ass off I was on the first mission and it was just impossibly
hard to control although I loved going around this house that was funny I just
remembered there was a scene though where he had a sentinels foot it was a
foot or a hand and he was flying around in it with a dog and he ended up killing
one of the bad guys that's how he just like the big bad guys all zoom just
slammed it down on him and it was hilarious but at any rate the director
David leech is going to be directing the video game adoption so he also is
directing the division that's based off of one of the Tom Clancy games so who
knows what'll happen but I hope that it controls better than the Deadpool game
did but has all the same hilariousness in it so apparently he's also doing
another fast and furious spin-off with the rock okay he's a busy busy guy well
when you make a movie like Deadpool you're probably pretty in demand I would
reckon so all right just a few more stories for you guys in the classic game
of the week so SNK is celebrating their 40th anniversary and so when a game
company celebrates its 40th anniversary what's that mean it's got to put out
another mini console obviously because that's the new thing that's the new
hotness so um it wasn't that long ago actually SNK kind of re-released the
Neo Geo they did like the little mini system with some games in there as well
but now they're planning on doing it kind of teasing it right now a new
compilation system perhaps basically says a new game machine and they have a
picture of something underneath like a looks like a cloak or something that
says Neo Geo so could we see like a Neo Geo mini with a bunch of Neo Geo games
in it I hope so and I hope it doesn't cost a Neo Geo price that's right that's
about it yeah I would so get a Neo Geo mini are you kidding that would be
awesome be careful the other ones had really shitty emulation in them okay
assuming it is a quality product especially if they come with like
actual like fighter stick type controllers or you can use like if you
had the real thing if you could use them on it yes that would be rad so yeah I
would so be down like and I would even pay like you know a slightly increased
price if those controllers are fucking bomb the controls are good and the
emulation is good then yeah for sure oh my god just as long as fatal fury
special isn't it I'm good and not real about a half fatal fury special not real
about real that wasn't bad I didn't like real about but fatal very special I
think I have fatal either a fatal fury to or fatal fury special on Neo Geo well
I mean they're not that different very specials just all the one characters and
fatal very to basically yeah as my favorite he has my old Neo Geo system oh
really well cuz I had a MVS that was in my arcade cabin I bought that with a
totally legit 68 and one cart that has all these different games in it and I
think I sent it to him with what they call that oh is that when all the
systems fried in the storm well no it was it was with a because I have a bunch
of these very column basically a way to hook up arcade hardware to TVs he says
a super gun super gun thank you I couldn't remember the name so I sent it
to him with a super gun to nice run all right cool cool all right well I would
so be down for like an SNK mini as long as you know again the quality is good
because you know they put out a ton of those games on PlayStation 4 and switch
and stuff those arcade archives but like the pools getting a little diluted it
would just be nice to have like one collection with everything in one place
but again the price has got to be right you know I don't want to pay like $500
unless I mean if it's a nice fucking cabinet would like like if it looks
like your little VPD cabinet but it's like a neo geo official thing like then
maybe I'd pay several hundred dollars for it but I'm assuming they're gonna
try to make something that maybe just plugs into an existing you know that has
neo geo games on it that's true that is true I have to have you figure out what
I am plugged on that okay that hasn't been on in a long time so anyway anyway
moving on we got one more story for you guys before we get to the classic game
of the week and this one has to do with Sonic Mania Sonic Mania apparently got a
patch recently that is adding some new things they have done some animations to
transition stages because that was the feature in the old Sonic games was kind
of missing in Sonic Mania so now they have some new transitions that help out
the story this patch by the way it showed up on PlayStation 4 and I think
it was put out a little early but I'm assuming it'll be coming out for the
other systems very soon there's some other small features as well cutscenes
can be skipped menus have been changed additional moves from past games like
the insta shield the super peel out from Sonic CD and knuckles mode can be used
in save files and not just non save play you can also disable the time limit
which is pretty neat and you can do multiplayer without the stretch to
visuals so they've done a lot of little changes there to Sonic Mania to keep
that game exciting I thought Sonic Mania was a great little follow-up in the
Sonic franchise I'm excited to see it still getting some love all right
speaking of old games getting love every week here at Orange Laundry do we like
to jump into the gaming vault and dark soccer will find a game that she thinks
hey you should be checking this game out this is kind of a yeah I was gonna say
this is a very obscure game in a very obscure but in a popular series it's not
even that obscure it had a US release not on the system but it had it on
Gameboy on the Gameboy all right well let's get to it what is the classic
game of the week Rockman and Forte Mirei Mirei Kara no Chosha Chosensha and which
is Rockman and Forte challenger from the future it is developed by Capcom and
published by Bandai for the WonderSwan this particular one was only released
in Japan on the WonderSwan not even the WonderSwan color this is old school
and in this game of course it takes place in the year 20XX a group of robots
from the future called the dimensions attack Symphony City and there is one
robot Rockman who is trying to take care of everything called Rockman shadow and
he seems obsessed with destruction but the real Rockman is like this is fucked
up and tries to do something so anyway Wily sends Forte who we call base
over here to investigate as well so you can play as one or the other so in this
game there is some different control and actually my apologies it was the
original Rockman and Forte that came out on the Gameboy Advance as Mega Man and
base this one come out not this one yeah but basically Rockman plays you
know or Mega Man plays like he normally does but Forte has a rapid-fire standard
gun but it can't be fired while moving and he has a dash and a double jump
there's also another gameplay change from the earlier games the the robot
masters don't have a period of invincibility after being damaged you
can just keep pounding and pounding pounding and since the WonderSwan has a
third set of controls that are located above the traditional directional
controls you can play vertically so for example if you are playing on air con
man you are required to change how you hold it so that you can play the level
vertically a lot of that was in some of their puzzle games as well as the
Klonoa game so you also have the bolt systems you can collect these bolts so
that you can buy different items and they are universal you know like extra
lives or exclusive items like Rockman being able to get Rush, Eddie, Tango and
Beat and Forte can get gospel who is known as trouble over here and reggae
that's a bird robot that was the last time it was seen was in a 1983 Famicom
game called wily and right no rock board that's paradise and maybe I'll
cover that at some point some people don't really like it some people super
like it I thought it was a pretty fun little game so that's it it is again
called Rockman and Forte Mirai Kata no Chosensha thank you for pronouncing it
one more time so I don't have to I will say I'm not familiar with this game I
mean I remember the Gameboy Advance you know I played your old roommate's copy
of this Oh drama central room I'm a central roommate his class I blast from
the past that is how I played this game oh boy all right yeah I was gonna say
like I have a WonderSwan but just not this game but I gotta say I mean I
realized we don't always highlight the best games in classic games the week
just games you should be paying attention to and I think most people
probably don't even know this one exists unless you really pay a close attention
to Japanese gaming it's probably not the best looking Mega Man game it wasn't
really ranked as one of the best playing games either but but it's better
than that Mega Man PC game and it's really not a bad game I enjoyed it I
thought it was a fun game yeah but um it but mostly I when I played the game so I
could play through his forte so yeah not a bad game all right there it is your
classic a game of the week one more time Darzaga I just closed it Mirai Kata no
Chosensha yes that make a man on the WonderSwan yeah all right all right
we're gonna take warriors from the future we're gonna take a quick break
but we're gonna come back with plenty more orange lounge radio including
rapid-fire news some of your emails at participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and of course your calls at orange lounge radio all one word on Skype when
we come back with more of orange lounge radio right after this
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight with episode number
727 of our show it is April the 22nd of 2018 and our show is already in progress
we've got to get to some rapid-fire news here so let's do it
Loki why don't you start us off some rapid-fire news yes so apparently the
lineup for next month's free games with gold has kind of leaked out there was an
unlisted video on the Xbox YouTube channel that showed basically what the
lineup was so what we've got coming for May for me for the Xbox one May 1st to
the 31st we've got super mega baseball 2 and from May 16th to June 15th
Metal Gear Solid 5 the phantom pain that's a pretty awesome free game the
Xbox 360 games that are compatible with Xbox one we have streets of rage from
May 1st to the 15th and vanquish from the 16th of the 31st so not bad at all
yeah those are some really good picks yeah Mel yourself five she's yeah
pretty awesome wish I know a lot of people are really into as well so this
is uh it was a good day yeah speaking of Konami Konami is making a new
Castlevania game for iOS so they have a game called Castlevania grimoire of
souls that's in closed beta right now in Japan and apparently the game is set you
know like most other castle games in a world which Dracula has been completely
erased but someone decides to resurrect him as always as always what's gonna be
kind of unique though so this is a to 2d game but it also supports co-op play for
up to four players so that's kind of cool yeah but it's on the phone how am I
gonna control it appropriately right yeah I get your point there really I
don't know I just like I get excited when I hear new Castlevania and then
it's oh but it's that I mean the game sounds good in theory but again how am I
supposed to control it on the phone well like a lot of companies they're very
lazy importing their stuff over I guess we'll see this come to the switch and
other platforms just the port of the iOS games well I mean if it's good then
fine that would be great yeah all right well speaking of the switch and games
that will be coming out on the switch the official Nintendo magazine actually
there's oh no there is an official Nintendo magazine I was like wait what I
thought they got rid of that no I think there is a in another in another country
there's another Nintendo magazine but anyways the Spanish edition of the
Nintendo magazine and there is a section on Pokemon for the switch it does
confirm that the eighth generation of Pokemon will be in this new switch game
so it is not like a reboot of gen 1 as some people have been speculating or
anything like that the article also mentions the game will be in 2018 or
later so it's not guaranteeing that it's gonna make this year but we'll see we'll
see you know they got to get it right also they are rethinking that there will
be new mechanics in this game so don't expect necessarily the same formula that
we saw before so anyway also one other thing that maybe goes with this a little
bit is that the company game freak has actually trademarked the term in Japan
anyway ultra shiny great as if the shiny addiction wasn't bad enough now we may
have ultra shinies we don't know what that means or anything like that but
maybe that's gonna be one of these new game mechanics and yes I'll be sure to
ask Shane all about it next time I see him although we just really don't know a
lot right now outside of this term do you guys like hunting shinies and
Pokemon go no I never get them I never get me the order the hair days only
during the community and even during the community days like last time I got what
to I got one shiny all together oh and the egg event a lot of people actually
are really upset at me because I've actually hatched two shiny toga peas
both during that event so I have a shiny toga pea and a shiny toy get tick or
whatever it's called evolution which a lot of the local players are like you're
fucking lucky I've never seen a shiny Toby so I have one Toby I'll take it
and a pillow I'll take it JD and chat says I got a shiny mile today as part of
a raid lucky we show anyone hmm all right anyway also moving on some
information that you heard about in the intro to tonight's show it has to do
with a leaked video oh boy another leak from Microsoft and this shows what the
new Xbox Live avatars are gonna look like Microsoft needs depends they're
quite leaky anyway these characters we know they've been under redesigned for a
while we've seen some glimpses of what's gonna be but apparently now thanks to
this video we know there's gonna be dozens of eye shapes hairstyles costumes
moods meaning animations for your characters that's gonna be a new thing
this ties into some earlier rumors that there was gonna be like a career system
not achievements but like a career system that kind of runs side-by-side
with that for your profile and that this career system may actually unlock
customization items through loot boxes everybody's favorite but whatever they're
just avatars I mean who sounds like it's just loot boxes for gay achievements
which I'm fine I mean I have an Xbox Live avatar but my little picture is
still the olr logo that was for a short time on the 360 as part of like one of
those like gamerscore blog packs we were very lucky enough during our time with
all games we're actually in one of those pack you can't get it anymore though
sadly they delisted it from the store several years ago probably whatever we
sign was only gonna be valid for a few years so yeah if you don't have the olr
icon sadly you'll never get it unless I don't know you take a picture or
something but I see a few I still have the PNG file for it yeah I put malicious
code in there so that you know when you run it in your system it puts all the
malware Bobby Blackwell says you can still get it I thought they delisted
them oh you just need to know someone with the pack on a USB stick okay so you
have to kind of do it that way you have to basically log in as somebody else and
download it or some of that or Bobby says you have it on a new I have it on a
USB stick so you can move it to a new 360 well that's good to know maybe
that's something we need to give away to listeners a USB stick with all the old
icons anyway how many of the shows in that pack are still on the air some of
the all games should did dead pixel life have a picture in that because I know
they're still around but I don't know how many in that pack are still actually
on the air probably not a lot Oh video game outsiders was probably in that pack
too because they were with all games for a while so they were probably in it
too and I know they're still going so hmm interesting anyway um what else I
want to say about this oh no word on when the new avatars will launch but
everybody's probably guessing e3 would be a really good bet for that I'll be a
really really good bet as something they could say is going live right now is all
this avatar stuff at e3 dark saga we have for us before we get to releases
has some stuff well it looks like night trap is going to be coming on to the
switch thanks to limited run games so yay night trap isn't that good I know
it's like it was funny like the first 5,000 times we've heard that night
Travis really joke now it's like okay it wasn't that good we're over it I heard
the funny part is though I heard it's rated T for teen I have no idea how they
pull that off with all the outrage that fucking game got back in the day it's T
for teen like how how about s for stupid
well anyway other news Kingdom hearts 3 is gonna have some minigames in it that
look like little Game & Watch games although when I was looking at it the
style of Mickey and Sora and many and all that look like the 30s era Mickey
but you've got like a little Game & Watch child screen that you're playing
them on so that's pretty funny but the little minigames are there's the barnyard
battle the carnival kid giant land and musical farmer I wish this article used
an Oxford comma so that I would know that giant land and musical farmer were
two different games but it looks kind of neat I mean I think it'll be fun it
doesn't say anything about how it's accessed it's just in the trailer but it
looks cute I mean it'd be kind of neat if they did like some of these is like a
little Oh see it looks like he's actually playing a handheld system in
the game so maybe it's how you build up like more points or something you know
what else would be neat a release date well there's that although they did
confirm 2018 right so we know this is squares eventually where Enix is a big
release for this year yeah so don't expect that thought fancy seven thing
till next year it is what it is yeah I thought they did didn't what didn't like
Japan have a d23 type of thing and they confirmed it's this year yeah it was a
recent thing yes so I guess I guess we'll see with the next release anyway
um or with e3 I'm sure they'll talk about when that will be out anyway
because they announce the date does it mean they have to stick to that day
that's very true hey it's gotta be right that's all it is gotta be right let's
move on to some release dates travel around the world and check out some
releases starting with Loki what's coming out all right so we actually
have some decent stuff this week so certain things off we've got Adventure
Time Pirates of interior done I I don't know I don't watch the ventures I can't
pronounce that name it's it's an adventure it's an adventure time game
PC switch PlayStation 4 and Xbox one this one I could pronounce coming out on
PC Mac and Linux battle tech they're doing a new battle tech game we've got
firefighters the simulation and firefighters Airport fire department
coming out on the switch game called frost punk on PC gal gun 2 on the switch
and PlayStation 4 I'm gonna have to pick that up here's the game for Rob
hello kitty cruisers on the switch yay oh this is just a port of the Wii U game
I think probably yeah here's another part of a game South Park the fractured
butthole is coming through the switch as well that is actually worth picking up
mm-hmm super robot Wars X on PlayStation 4 and the Vita and then we have the
Legend of Heroes trails of Cold Steel 2 Kai on PlayStation 4 and last but not
least we have aqua moto racing utopia on the switch and snow moto racing freedom
on the switch that's it all right let's travel to Japan where we have a few
releases this week on the PlayStation 4 including a game called dual koku show
etay is coming out this week that is a game that looks like it's a like like
it's made up of cutscenes but it has sexy ladies in the shower and look at
the screenshot you guys you see what I see in the screenshot anime buttocks in
this game that is a butt talk oh my god oh my heavens so if you want to see
some butts check out this game who doesn't do koku show etay do koku butts
anyway also being released on the PlayStation 4 this week
utah waray or Ramona there is a third game in this series coming out this week
you can even get a trilogy box if you need to catch up because there's always
some type of limited edition coming out you can also check out in Japan this
week G kill powerful pro yucky you 2018 is out this week that is actually a
Konami game is that pro Evo soccer no it's power pro baseball damn it oh it's
power pro baseball yes with all the little with all the little graphics to
go with it that's cute though this is the cute little chibi characters in the
game that's a cute little thing maybe that's what pro Evo is gonna turn into
because you know they don't have the license anymore for the soccer league
that's in those games so we'll see also on the PlayStation 4 I told you it's
busy this week let's put silent Hill characters in there
Sen no kisuke to kai the arabonian civil war is out this week and Dyson Ryaku
perfect 4.0 is out this week and that looks like it's a little bit of one of
those war tactical games on a hex grid one of those type of games so you can
check that out on the PlayStation 4 this week quickly looking to see if the
switch has anything this week cube creator X is out this week I don't think
that's cube creator 10 is I don't know what happened cube creator one through
nine if that's the case also Naruto Shippuden ultimate ninja storm trilogy so
if you want to get caught up on your Naruto games on the switch have at it
over on the Nintendo switch this week I think that does it for those oh no
there's one game on the 3ds the dead heat breakers comes out this week on
3ds okay done let's go to UK dark Sakura on the 24th we have urban trial
playground first switch on the 27th it looks like shante half genie hero
ultimate edition for switch and PlayStation well shante you stay max
the curse of Brotherhood also on the 27th for switch lab oh on the 27th in
the UK Hello Kitty cruisers also in the 27th the rest of these are all the 27th
steamworld dig 2 for PlayStation and switch Rick and Morty virtual Rick
ality also only on PlayStation it looks like and that is it so they made those
poor people in the UK wait a whole nother week to fold cardboard pretty
much what did they what did they do to deserve that
brexit I just love that you said that without missing a beat well like you had
that punch line lock loaded and ready to go Elmore chart in our chat said I
just snorted as you're welcome went there all right anyway let's get to the
mailbag for tonight and see what's gonna exit dark soccer his mouth as she reads
your emails because every week we do invite your emails to our email address
as participate at orange lounge radio.com there's my music I lost my mail
bag music all right participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to
send your email stark Sakura what you got this first one was titled pinball so
I instantly wanted to read it once farsight studios irons out the licensing
for the pinball arcade for the switch I assume we won't be seeing an exclusive
translation of the got live Super Mario Brothers table that comes from Robert M
I'd love to see it yeah but it was terrible it wasn't wasn't there am I
wrong wasn't there two tables wasn't there a smaller kids table and then
there was like a big full-size I think that it was the same one but the kids
yeah huh I think it just really had to do with it just it was a short body
table anyway oh yeah not I think as far as as I know the only one was the you
know the the short kid table was the pipe came out and shot the ball out yeah
yeah tables just weren't very good do any of these collections have the
return from Mars in there actually yes I know I've played that table in one of
these collections shit I don't remember which one it was it was revenge from
ours or whatever I don't remember because it was attacked from ours and
then the pinball 2000 was revenge from ours yes revenge from I thought the
pinball 2000 version was in one of those packs but maybe I am confusing it with
the old one yeah there weren't really too many of those pinball 2000 tables
anyway maybe in our chat somebody knows over at live.vognetwork.com wasn't there
only one other game they did the there was one other episode one oh that's
right there was there's a Phantom Menace table in that same yeah I was
that's right I mean it was a fun table if that movie hadn't been annoying as
shit and you got to thwack Jar Jar Binks to the ball so that's always fun yes but
the next email here hey OLR crew AZHP here I've been behind on or is it as HP
I should ask I've just never bothered we always said AZHP okay or is it as it's
like that the cupid sound really I've been behind on the podcast for a few
months and as such haven't written in a while since my responses wouldn't be
very timely however one thing has cropped up fairly frequently in the past
few months on your show that I had to address every time the subject of pub G
versus fortnight comes up many of the hosts are quick to say something to the
effect of pub G tried to pursue legal action against fortnight because
fortnight is doing better than pub G the reason pub G pursued legal action
against epic regarding fortnight is a little more nuanced than this
fortnight's marketing reference pub G directly when they announced their
battle royale mode this coupled with the fact that epic the makers of the unreal
engine which pub G runs on was releasing a free mode in their floundering game
and what was clearly a reactionary move to pub G success could be construed as a
conflict of interest as they could theoretically hold back engine
improvements to pub G in order to give their own game a competitive advantage
in the marketplace that being said if what you reported two weeks ago is true
in pub G is now pursuing legal action against other games for copying aspects
of their game that's a lot less defensible as Robin look you rightly
pointed out look and feel of the video game cannot be trademarked as proven in
the street fighter versus fighters history legal battle of the 1990s now
I'm not asking you guys to stop bagging on pub G if that's what you feel like
doing but I thought that I should chime in with extra information that you may
not have known about so you can all have the facts before choosing to criticize
them yours truly is HP for the record I haven't said shit about it well and to
be fair I'm not bagging on pub G I'm bagging on the executives and the things
that they do and say and yes kind of goes in line with that I know pub G has
his fans I'm not gonna disrespect that you know just like we hardly ever talk
about sports games on the show but I recognize those games have their fans
and like you know they're super into it and that's cool but here's the other
thing like I understand the nuance with the engine specifically is I think the
thing that kind of differentiates this however to use other games in your games
marketing I don't think that is particularly anything new because I kind
of there was a legal case about that in the past well and I go I go back my head
just goes back to you know again I'm dating myself here gonna I go back to
the old magazines with the Genesis does wouldn't intend don't you know that
whole thing right and then you know like I know those neo geo ads used to call
the shit out of the other game makers because their thing was so beefy
powerful and $1,000 but that's you know that was one thing these do so there'd
been a legal case on it in the past to where it was said that you can use
another game from another system as a point of comparison to advertise your
product right right but I I do realize where things get a little dicey now when
it comes to the engine and just kind of like you know where and I hell yeah
fortnight this battle royale thing they added was like a last-ditch thing to
save their game it worked though mm-hmm like I mean we kind of have to be mad
because you didn't think about it well but the problem is they did think about
it but they didn't think about doing it for free okay so for tonight found a way
to make it free and probably for that reason is why it's doing so more six
like I only checked it out cuz it was free if PUBG was free I probably would
have checked that out so not not to mention that there's been complaints
about you know there still being some kinks in the game in PUBG so dark to see
and Chad says didn't they do things like brand X in the 50s for that so they
still do that or like competitor brand or yeah because sometimes they just
simply don't want to name the other brand you know love competitor brand
competitors but then you also though now have like for example your cell phone
companies compared to X Network you know and they'll name them by name sure and
like Coke and Pepsi always call each other out don't they mm-hmm yeah but
you're right I know what you're talking about with the brand X thing cuz
sometimes when it comes to like this makes me think of Batman I remember like
a catch-up thing where it's like this ketchup is better than nine out of ten
people prefer this ketchup to brand X oh it just makes me think of the the the
scene in the 90s Batman with Jack Nicholson he's like they're using brand
X fantastic with a very fair counterpoint in our chat PUBG mobile is
free that's right it is free it's but it's mobile and you all know how I feel
about controlling something mobile but if it's free I should I did download it
and I launched it and that's as far as I got because I was like I wasn't on Wi-Fi
that's what it was I wasn't on Wi-Fi when I launched it I was like wait a
minute this is not a game you want to play on on mobile data so I'll check
that out later though so last email that came in actually quite literally before
I loaded from when it opened the first mail to open the second so like in
before the buzzer right okay this comes from smash og through the website so
people are still using that sup olr this is the first time I've been able to
listen live due to my work hours so that's pretty cool well thank you for
listening like yeah thanks for being here anyway I think you have been over
this topic before but refresh my memory what game releases this year are you
almost excited about for me it's Red Dead Redemption 2 for sure the first Red
Dead was one of the few games that I could actually play all the way through
was like binge watching a good TV series anyway how about you good question I'm
even if we and look let's be real in 727 episodes of olr we repeat stuff
sometimes it happens like fuck there's things where it's like did we just talk
about this four weeks ago but you know I don't know I don't remember last week
sometimes when you get together with the same group of people every time
sometimes the same topics come up it just happens so what games are you
looking forward to well Red Dead Redemption 2 has got to be on your list
as well yeah yeah of course anything else besides that one I was I was
looking forward to black ops 4 yeah that was until all the rumored news right now
so I'm not looking forward to it now and I don't even know if I'd buy it even if
it was okay coming out cuz like I thought about I got like what was the
last game I think it advanced warfare and I was like oh yeah I'm gonna buy the
season pass and play online with all my friends and that was just all money
thrown away cuz I didn't end up playing it very much I played through the
campaign campaign was fun but that's kind of all I play through those
nowadays is the campaign I mean I'll wait until e3 to hear what else is
coming out because I think a lot of that stuff I don't know what's in the
pipeline yeah that's the thing I kind of feel like you should ask this question
again in June because we there's a lot of things that are probably coming out
this year that we don't know about yet so that'd be that for me though okay I
got I got one more okay so crackdown three would be the other one okay
assuming it comes out ever I'm sure it will it's gotta be it's gotta be 2017 or
18 or 19 or 20 for me Kingdom Hearts 3 absolutely assuming they mean that 2018
date I would say Metroid Prime 4 if that was the thing that Nintendo was teasing
for this year that's kind of where we need e3 because I would also kind of put
Pokemon Gen 8 on that list for the switch I really want to see how Pokemon
goes to the switch so that would be on my list as well I'm gonna go to the
mobile phone round two I am super curious about Harry Potter wizards unite
yes because that is of course you know it's Niantic isn't making the game I
think it's port key games who's doing the other Harry Potter mobile game is
working with Niantic probably borrowing Niantic's portal network basically to
make the Harry Potter wizards unite game so I'm super curious about that and I
imagine that's gonna be a 2018 game I'm curious about the Mario Kart mobile game
oh I forgot it was a thing Jamie shit we probably Animal Crossing oh you you're
still holding out hope for a new Animal Crossing yeah with the leaks a couple
weeks ago at the website or whatever this is me okay um I guess kind of
Kingdom Hearts 3 although I didn't finish Kingdom Hearts 2 mm-hmm um I
don't know mace basically Animal Crossing cuz that's kind of been my my
bag lately how do you feel about the loot box thing they put in Animal
Crossing mobile I heard some people are kind of aji I haven't played yet I took
a break from it to do birthday shenanigans okay um so am I open happy
birthday but I mean I know we talked about last week but happy actual
birthday that passed by the way thank you I'm older hooray and wiser that's
funny Rob if I was wiser I would have I don't know I'm not wise enough to know
what I would have done by the way for our orange lunch foodio for the record
mm-hmm I did bring something unique to the studio today mm-hmm I brought a date
cake Middle Eastern date cake well cuz you went to that a mass pita place pita
kitchen I love yep yeah and you know why she went there you guys because we were
talking on the phone because she had to tell me this really funny story about
what a small world it is and so I mentioned her I said oh well well cuz
you are Jamie is very kind she'll offer to bring stuff to the show like do you
guys need coffee or anything like that and I said oh no we just had lunch at
pita kitchen and our soccer goes damn that sounds good
so sure I hear she comes walking into studio I brought date bread yeah I had
the thought to text you early and says do you and Alan like dates of course we
like dates no I'll try some of the date bread for sure what I really love is
carbs and I know that would have a lot of carbs so night which I can't eat a
whole super lot of but in but um I am gonna try by the way next weekend to
make challah okay so we'll see if I can actually bake something that doesn't
turn into a brick cool all right let's move on we're but thank you for the
email it was a good email so send us more emails you don't have to use the
web forms to do it though you can use a good old I mean you can they'll make its
way to us eventually but you can also use a good old-fashioned email get on
your AOL account and send us an email participate at orange lounge radio comm
is the place to send us an email JD by the way it's gonna be here next week
and says yes I look forward to this so good luck
dark Sakura and don't fuck it up alright let's get to some more news before we
get to the skype line Loki alright so there's a game called halo online that
was announced back in I think 2015 so the farthest it went was actually it did
a beta test in Russia in 2015 but it didn't really get much further than that
but apparently there's been a mod project going on called El Dorado and
they've been working on basic El Dorado like those cities of gold and all that
somebody say Doritos it was it's L do Rito so it's weird
el de wr ito it is it's do Mountain Dew and Doritos get it that's what they're
doing I got it you made a joke I got it all right you got that
reference so basically this has been worked on since 2016 and two they're
trying to take this game that was kind of partially made and bring it up to
like a full game and so now they have the 0.6 update which brings the game
even closer to halo 3 they've developed its upgraded graphics new maps they have
their own Forge map editor it looks pretty awesome so they have actually
like a trailer you can check out and everything but yeah I mean it's pretty
awesome looking size you doing chat says isn't a halo already online what dumb
asses well I think this is supposed to be like a free-to-play game type of
thing I think was it supposed to be more like MMO II to I don't say well it's MMO
it was a battle royale yeah I think it was more along the lines of like they
have like a Call of Duty online that was like in China it's basically a free to
play game and they have like maps that appeared in the console versions of the
game but you know there's all the free-to-play mechanics in there as well
like you know I guess loop well I say free-to-play mechanics nowadays but now
that I think of it it's actually more of just mechanics now that are in games you
know where you can purchase skins and stuff like that so far they have not
received the cease-or-desist or any further takedown actions yet they said
they're taking careful steps and distribution of 0.6 to make sure that
doesn't happen yeah so interesting though that this is a thing that's been
worked on but yeah it looks really polished is so far even yeah interesting
how a modders are gonna finish that up when Microsoft wouldn't or bungee or
whoever was doing it at that time it was three four three games yeah oh yeah
because this would have been after the transition right yeah okay it was
apparently this was announced I guess right around the time of halo 5 so kai's
judo and chat says they need to do a halo battle royale game be careful what
you wish for because I you know Microsoft Microsoft wants people to buy
Xbox ones and wants people to be jazzed about their exclusives everybody's
talking about God of War this week but Microsoft's like hey sea of thieves
hello they want people to remember they got exclusives too so I think a halo
battle royale that's it's gonna happen battle royale like you know what like
even they go back to Minecraft I remember one of the like more popular
mods that was that round was the hunger game mods yeah so they were basically
just cribbing that but like it would be nice to have like an official game oh
that was like no maybe not call it hunger games you can call battle royale
or something like that where is played very similarly where you you don't have
to have like a mod or something to set it up you know that would be compatible
with the console versions would be nice all right let's talk about twitch
because twitch got banned in an entire country this week that's not pleasant
news twitch got banned in Russia what okay well here's the thing it didn't
actually get banned they got blocked and it was inadvertent and it's because
Russia is kind of putting some smackdown on some IPs owned by Amazon and Google
the reason why this all goes back to the messaging app telegram you guys ever use
telegram no I've used it for ingress related things it's basically just a
chat app okay it's a chat app but the thing about it is you can actually
encrypt your messages in telegram so you can send messages that are encrypted so
that way the government can't watch you okay and Russia and the security people
there don't like that because they want to be able to access data messages so
Russia is trying to ban telegram telegram relies on Amazon and Google's
cloud services so the communications regulator in Russia has bulk banned a
significant number of IP addresses and IP gates that are owned by the companies
so Amazon being that they own twitch basically twitch is getting caught in
the crossfire of all this so it has nothing to do a twitch it's telegram a
messaging app how about that so there you go so so far anyway it doesn't seem
like twitch can still be accessed in Russia and of course that has some
people kind of irritated about it so anyway some folks are using VPN and tor
to get around it and actually write messages on the actual twitch website
and that was according to one I think broadcaster over on reddit that was
talking about how to get around that ban so there you go going to our chat
over at live dot vog network comm some comments on telegram JD says furries use
telegram heavily I did not know that Sia Tabiri says telegram has some great
emoji though that is true there is a very large sticker database of emoji
available in telegram so that's kind of neat let's see also over at chat live
dot vog network comm s 200 Matt says everyone is getting VPNs over there then
yeah I think that's probably something's becoming more and more popular so
dungeon buster points out the great firewall of Russia hmm see the berry
says Putin's just upset he can't get more viewers than buzzer does he have a
twitch channel I don't know about that I know there are some Russian broadcasters
would it be like Putin plays yeah Putin plays I don't know maybe maybe which are
there any political leaders who you would watch if they had a twitch channel
maybe Justin Trudeau what I would watch Justin Trudeau play retro games
absolutely probably not all right um let's move on Loki why don't we go to
your next story all right so some well the Netherlands has deemed some loot
boxes that are in popular games are considered gambling so they did a study
looking into ten different games with loot boxes and declared that at least
four of them were in violation of vetting and Gaming Act and then
apparently I thought was a total six from what I saw the biggest reason for
the decision they said that these four games allowed the the sale and trade of
items externally through websites giving the items a market value six other games
that were studied which were not in violation of laws but we're still
heavily criticized for their addictive qualities they didn't state which games
were studied although with the speaking with the broadcast company nos they said
that they brought a Dota 2 rocket League pub gene FIFA 18 as examples of loot
boxes breaking the law and said offering these type of gameplay chances
to Dutch players without a license is prohibited so interesting and also
something to keep in mind is that the US is not the only country that's gonna
have something to say on these loot box issues and certainly we've referenced
many times that China kind of put out those odds laws where they had to
publish the odds there it's going to be interesting as these other companies
weigh in on how they want loot boxes handled because many of these games are
sold in many places besides just the US and you know Canada and stuff yeah so
that'll be interesting alright one story I want to talk to you guys about is
about a game a fan game that's coming out called the 13th doll the 13th doll
is going to be referencing old-school CD-ROM games like FMV full motion video
type games it's actually a seventh guest fan game so the 13th doll is trying to
recapture the I just say that very much for seventh gas yeah it is it's at the
13th all a fan game of the seventh guest so anyway it is going to return to the
mansion of the toy maker Henry stuff and we'll follow tad the seventh guest from
the previous journey and these left with scarred and racked with guilt from the
experience so he will be going back to the mansion to hopefully free the
victims anyway there's a new doctor that gets in there as well 26 unique puzzles
throughout the mansion and so on and so on they are looking to release this on
Halloween 2018 so I'm sure fans of the seventh guest will be excited about that
so they are clearly saying it's a fan game they're not trying to make it
official cannon but that is kind of neat I'm surprised legally it's okay but maybe
they got some type of permission for the original makers I doubt they're going
anywhere with it they still try to put out like seventh guest stuff on like I
know there's like a version on mobile phones and stuff yeah they've still been
trying to milk that franchise all these years later it does not age well no it
doesn't it really doesn't so it'd be interesting to see how a fan game kind
of brings a lot of that in because now it'll all be in high definition I think
yes that is definitely in low definition nowadays yes yeah it doesn't those old
CD-ROM games really didn't age well but they know what I'm sad that one CD-ROM
game I have not seen brought the steam that I used to play the shit out of was
mega race I'm surprised that they don't have a mega race game coming back I want
a mega race game yeah are there any um are there any 90s games that should be
coming back well mega race I want that uh-huh
besides that sorry besides that CD I'm thinking CD based maybe I'm always
Sierra adventures but those are really FMV is he said phantasmagoria yeah that
of course is kind of alleged I thought that I can't that was already I've been
released um I think so let's see Bobby Blackwell says sewer shark dungeon buster
says ripper with more Christopher Walken how about Gabriel Knight with more Tim
Curry although that wasn't really an FMV game either was it oh he just voiced a
character in that game how about the old making the video stuff from Sega CD oh
god the crisscross and you know what music factory I have the marky mark one
and the crisscross one you need to eat the CNC music factory one wasn't there a
CNC one I think there was another one that was like the last one yeah someone
wants to send me the CNC one so my collection will be complete whoopty shit
but you know yeah all right anyway before we get to your calls at orange
lounge radio all one word on Skype we've got one more story for you guys tonight
drama and it has to do with the never-ending soap opera of 80s video
game playing I should find the you know you need to find me I need the intro to
like sands and the hourglass so are the days of our lives
see I could do that you can let me see how about uh something like that
hopefully there's no see but they always buy this by the ads of our by this thing
all right hold on let's let's get to it
like sands through the hourglass so are the days of our lives so are the drama
of our twin galaxies oh gosh see a Billy Mitchell is fighting back against twin
galaxies yeah they removed all of his stuff and he's like well fuck you but
probably nicer you know with some hot sauce added to it he is taking experts
under to his home to show them his Donkey Kong loading screens so they can
see that they are the real arcade loading screens and not emulator he's
inviting strangers into his home to inspect his Donkey Kong girl and he also
wants to find witnesses for his high score the one million sixty two thousand
eight hundred points that was at the boomers in Diana Beach so or sorry
Dania Beach so um good luck I mean if he can do it that's great I don't see how
showing them what his system looks like now because they can compare loading
screens with the ones he sent in I get that but like it's been several years he
could have replaced the hardware in that cabinet since then I mean that's by no
means a definitive oh well he didn't cheat I guess this video is just lying
to us Elmore chart in our chat room says Billy Mitchell will win through the
sheer power of luxurious hair let's not fool ourselves it's a weave it is a it
is a Billy Mitchell's a little bit older that ain't his real hair it could be I
don't think it is it's just emulated let's see JD in our chat over at live
dog hugged over dot-com says I've had strangers inspect my Dixie Diddy funky
and lanky that reminds me I've had a strangers inspect my inky and binky and
pinky and sue we've been binging the oh that one nevermind fuck off I'm sorry
look I said that reminds me we've been binging the match game lately it's good
yes the best scene they had in there was like they were talking about like
something about like food or something I don't remember like how they would get
how they would you know attract ladies to the ladies night thing in a bar or
something like that and for summary of singles night how they would track
ladies at singles night and for some reason the dude that was answering the
question and I don't know why thought he said seagulls night and so he's like
fish they just like they lost it it was just hilarious
orange lounge radio all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call or
one eight seven seven game olr if you want to try the old-school way but
pretty much everyone uses Skype now like it's an app for your phone get it orange
lounge radio all one word on Skype I love this oh my god this parody is so
like high concept I love it do you understand this reference here in our
chat see it to bury in chat says my name is dark Sakura my journey is
continuing a journey that I hope will open the doors of life to me and link my
past with my future a journey that will bring me to a strange and dark place to
the edge of the sea high atop n7 studios a house called Robin Allen's place a
world I've never known with people I've never met people who tonight are still
only shadows in my mind but who will soon fill the days and nights of my do
you get the reference I know I've heard it before opening to dark shadows right
right right aim is Victoria Winters yes did I mean you know what dark shadows I
never saw I never did see the Burton movie that he did a couple years ago did
did they start it off the same way with that I didn't see it actually I watched
the redo but mom was telling me she mom was totally into the the redo because
she watched dark shadows as a kid I yeah I love the dark shadows 90 reboot that's
like the only one I've seen start to finish and boy is it a cliffhanger
finish like that was some bullshit but the the dark shadows remake on in the
90s again if you want to take us back to games orange launch radio all one word
on Skype the dark shadows reboot in the 90s that aired like while the Gulf War
started you remember that and that was all happening nice so it wasn't really
able to find its audience because it kept getting bumped and moved around and
stuff because of ongoing Gulf War coverage so that show kind of got
screwed did you know that I think it was the CW or was it before they they merged
into the new net wait wait it what was it called wb the WB so I think the WB
back when it was that wanted to do a dark shadows reboot and they made a
pilot and everything but they didn't pick it up to series but you know like
the bread and butter of CW is a lot of those like the Vampire Diaries no like
the DC comic show yes now that yeah there's tons of that so good they took
Supergirl they've got arrow I mean the all that stuff I would think dark
shadows would fit in really well with that type of lineup so I'm just I'm
really surprised they didn't end up making a show about a QPN no UPN well I
mean that was I mean UPN and WB merged and became CW except UPN had like no
shows left by the time they said they had they got top model for a few years
and what else from UPN like everything that was good on UPN went away like
Buffy moved to UPN for the last few seasons right and then of course Voyager
but those shows were done before that merger happened so I don't know anyway
see a Tiberian chat says the Burton movie is interesting but it's basically
a loving parody hmm anyway act F wants to know is the Skype line open yes
Orange Lounge radio all one word Bobby wasn't getting any calls either so could
it be Skype is no cuz he was able to call us it's weird anyway Kossett in
chat says was Voyager and deep space 9 on UPN not DC's 9 deep space 9 and next
generation were in syndication so a lot of your TV networks that became UPN kind
of picked that stuff up cuz I know here those are all on Fox 40 back in the day
but they were like Saturdays in the afternoon was when those those shows
aired like back-to-back but but that was before Fox had football when they really
took off as a network so it was the early years I guess Elmo chart in our
chat says I was a bit a bit of a goth in the 90s my mom was like let me tell you
about this thing I watch called dark shadows and my little mind was blown
yeah I mean dark I mean even the original soap opera was really kind of
rad for its time you know it was made in what the 70s right did it start in the
late 60s or did it start in the mid 70s I want to think it was the 60s but I'll
find out give me a sec yeah so and then you know it's about its dark shadows is
basically vampires and magic and all this stuff but like in a soap opera I
don't think anything ever really matched it until my 1960s 1966 through 1971 okay
my fave soap opera ever and yes I watched the soap opera for quite some
time this soap opera was fucking amazing do you know what it is star Sakura you
got to know what it is it was on NBC the late 90s really over the top holy crap
because that was when mom was still it had Haley Mills sister in it fuck
passions oh yeah that show was so fucking great because it was just like
it was straight-up badly it was parody it was so bad it was good it was so good
good job chatters kaijuto casa and see it to bury all light up there with
passions yes with Tabitha and Timmy I distinctly remember an episode where
Tabitha tied somebody to the train tracks and that was the drama that show
is so fucking good I wish they bring it back they need to make a movie out of
passions that's what I need to do anyway we got a call let's go to it hi you're
on orange lounge radio who's this
hello it's orange lounge radio and you are you might be muted good caller now
would be the time to unmute yourself I feel like I hear chatting I hear typing
but the person isn't talking okay sorry hi is this act F'd yeah it's
exact F'd surprise how are you don't know what happened there but anyways
that's all right you had an out-of-body experience for a moment what's on your
mind buddy yeah anyways I could talk to us about so many stuff that you probably
talked to tonight but I was so distracted with another thing I want to
talk about Pokemon go we touched on Pokemon go but what's what's your
experience what do you want to talk about with it especially about the
missions they have right now with with with the mythical missions and also the
field research mission I'm still working on that goddamn meal I got the stupid
ditto I evolved the Magikarp thanks to the the Kanto event we just had I was
able to get enough Magikarp candy that wasn't so hard now I am stuck on the 10
raids and that's actually pretty easy to do you can't cheese it anymore you can't
no you have because now it doesn't it counts the raid when you feed your raid
pass it doesn't count the raid when you fail the raid over and over and over
again I didn't know that yeah so I actually have to do 10 raids so which is
fine I bought one of the boxes that had like 16 raid passes in it but it's like
I'm not gonna go out of my way to do raids I don't want to do just to get
this stupid achievement does that make sense oh yeah that at least that's like
the easy part in that in those missions because yeah the Magikarp one was
probably the hardest one finding the ditto was the hardest for me yeah without
counting the ditto one though oh although for me it was kinda easy
because I did it pretty much instantly yeah obviously it was luck but still
I'm not in a rush for Mew because real chat even though Mew is an awesome
Pokemon and has a good story behind it and the fact that you know especially
with the first movie and everything and its status is a mythical Pokemon it's
actually not a good Pokemon in the game like it's not a very powerful Pokemon
it's not one you're gonna use I don't even think you can put it in gyms or
anything so I'm not really in a rush until they say like Celebi's coming or
Mew is end dated or something like that then I will rush to finish it but right
now I'm just kind of taking my sweet ass time yeah I also took my time with it
although I already had it but it's the what I want to talk about about the
missions especially it's the the fact that it brings a lot of new life to the
game I didn't stop playing Pokemon go any time since it launched back in 2016
so right now I'm still playing it every day but trying to do the missions it's
like a new incentive to play it's something that it needed the the game
needed a long time ago oh yeah no it's definitely put more into the game
breathe more life in it like I really try to get those daily stamps done
although man sometimes those quests you get are ridiculous like oh yeah spin
three pokey stops you haven't spun before like I get I get what they're
doing with that but like I've I've hit a lot of because of Ingress and stuff I've
hit a lot of pokey stops in this town like there's very little I haven't done
unless I actually just got a new portal accepted in OPR in Ingress like three
days ago and it is now a pokey stop at a park not far from my work so that I was
able to spin that as a new pokey stop great I got to do that three times so
like that's hard to do and then I hate the one that's a three Oddish or Bell
Sprout because I never see those things anyway I mean the Kanto event was one
thing they were everywhere the Oddish I had one that was three like Trico's or
like something else it was like that one tree oh and market so with those like I
just throw them away and go to another pokey stop but you know it's like the
battle in a raid or throw two nice throws in a row or what I have one right
now I have two I have two instances of catch three insects so I'm earning them
both at the same time okay there you go yeah
seriously I also have that one too that the bug one and I also have one to hatch
three eggs and I already hatched one so that's gonna be eventually done but yeah
that's the good thing about the the field missions that you can just throw
them away if you don't want to do them or can't do them because there's also
one I have gotten to that's catch one dragon and well like really really
Niantic if you can you can do that if you're gonna do a latios raid because
that is a dragon yeah yeah but still it's like since I don't have too much
time to play during the day because of work I barely can do any rates like in
at least in the weekdays only on weekend so I prefer to yes throw them away and
and do another mission yeah that's fair yeah I've been really like I'll just
throw it away to get something I know I can do because I I have gotten my stamp
every single day since the start of this and every single moltres that's come
with it my assumption is they'll rotate it out next month I have a feeling it is
on a monthly rotation because didn't this whole thing start though this whole
thing started right at the end of March right like wasn't like the first week
March 28 March 29 so here's the thing I bet the way they did it I bet Articuno
was March's reward but because you couldn't finish it in March it went
right into the next reward which is moltres because this is the same order
the legendaries rolled out in the game with the exception of Lugea but they
just brought Lugea back to raids not that long ago so I bet next month this
might be get guests we're gonna get Zapdos next month they'll realize the
fuck up they made and then do Articuno at that point again and then it'll move
into the Lions and this is how people in areas where they complain they can't
raid all the time this is how they're gonna get their legendaries because they
did make it the raid legendaries are still better especially if you can get
weather boosted because you're gonna get either a level 20 or if you can do a
weather booster to 25 from a raid the ones you get from these catch sequences
are only level 15 but it's better to have a level 15 Pokemon than none at all
oh definitely yeah and I'm waiting for Zapdos because it's the only one of the
birds yes the only one I don't have so I really want to complete my pokey decks
at least without the regionals so yeah it's I'm really waiting for that and
also I've been doing my missions every day and I have that in yeah also every
single moltres even though they don't they kind of suck with IVs and all that
stuff but yeah I really don't care that much but let's still yeah it's more
about the pokey decks than it is necessarily having the strongest Pokemon
I'm totally with you like I would love to see them put the regionals like I
would love to see you know as they're expanding into gen 3 for you know at
some point they're gonna put more region lock stuff in those gens so you know
what it's time to go back to gen 1 and do some quest rewards that give us mr.
mime and Kangaskhan and the things we don't have yet you know let the other
countries get taro's and so forth it would be that would be great I'd love
that yeah me too don't know if you have heard about the earth date thing they
did oh yeah I heard that was that was happening did did the results come in
for that I don't know actually I was gonna ask you if you know if you knew
anything about it because it was rumored that if the goal was reached we could
have maybe got get Kangaskhan or maybe mr. mime for for unlock oh like maybe
that's gonna be the incentive or whatever is doing the earth day stuff I
don't know I'm checking the still road read it and I haven't seen anything
about it yet so I imagine they'll make they'll make it now so we earth day
progress is there any way to track the progress of the earth day goals haven't
heard anything on their website every single event is full so realistically
they have to unlock the top set of rewards within 48 of hours of the event
ending so some places didn't have anything organized when the trainers got
there oh so who knows we'll see I guess we'll find out maybe tomorrow when the
workday starts Niantic will put out a tweet now hopefully yeah all right
awesome well if there's nothing else act-deaf I think I'll go ahead and let
you go anything else you want to talk about no that was it all right sounds
good buddy I'm gonna let you go have a good day okay you too all right bye
orange launch radio all one word on Skype if you want to get in anybody else
with last-minute stories or anything they want to talk about I'm having the
worst time in the universe finding a Tron shirt a Tron shirt yep is there a
way you could get one from Shanghai Disney because they have the Tron ride
there so I imagine they've got merch to go with it I'm looking for something to
Disney bound and I found the Hurley dress I'm being resold but it's not Tron
enough yeah so I bet I was thinking I mean the whole reason this comes up is
because I have been on a Tron kick kind of to the point where I'm thinking about
playing Tron evolution again why not the Tron 360 game is or the 360 Tron is a
playable on Xbox one and don't have one well but they had it on ps3 and was it
on computer I think it was on PC at some point I don't know all right let's see
go into our chat over at live dog network calm act-def says also I caught
two mu two I got one and I had to have a friend of mine borrow my account to do
it but that ex pass system is bullshit so fuck it anyway we had another call
coming in so let's get to it higher on orange sounds ready who's this yeah this
is Ray G Nader hey Ray Jeter what's on your mind tonight no whole lot just to
be different I'll bring up a topic that I've yet to bring up you know my car
right go for it oh no I literally just hours ago here pick
you know I managed to get my hands on the smartphone no thanks to well thick
well I should say no thanks definitely thanks to my one brother okay it's one
of those Android Samsung phones I forget the near the particular model but that
being said no I already know that Jill just of what's no sparkles can do play
music surf the internet yada yada yada okay no oh no what is the question you
want to ask us say not talk tight here sorry what games outside of that Pokemon
you know go game can you recommend no for a small throne is concerned it's
Android beast ingress and go on the green team but you will have to go
outside a lot for that game but that was designed for older phones other like
serious answers for rage I am kind of serious that answer though but other
suggestions for raging air for like what about your clicker games don't you love
your clicker games I played the office space one but it's just it's so blatant
with they're trying to get you to spend money type stuff I don't really know
like I used to play the card of Mario one a good suggestion from our chat over
at live dog network calm act F suggests Super Mario run which is free to try
super hexagon I think that's a very good suggestion I think you have to pay for
that one but it's like not even a dollar I think for that one let's see as far as
the mobile phone games go I know like there's a lot of ports of especially
like Square Enix stuff a lot of the old Final Fantasy games are available which
I think is pretty cool if you like music based games what like re raves plus is
available so is why is the name escape me in the moment the the other god damn
it the other neon FM that's the one try anything on neon FM you can get puzzle
fighter why you still can even though they're taking that offline pretty soon
I know a very popular one is bejeweled in the various jeweled blitz and stuff
that they have there I don't know if this is on Android but if it is you
should get trap adventure that's one of those games that will drive you fucking
crazy let's see going to chat over at live dot
fog network calm JD suggest there's a whole bunch of p-cross games Oh act F
suggests hearthstone that's a really good suggestion to you like magic the
gathering I think I think the best suggestion so far is hearthstone
pop culture says injustice to that on mobile I guess it is on mobile phones
isn't I do remember seeing something about that and pop culture says there is
a vogue league on injustice to that's pretty cool JD suggest Pokemon shuffle
which is a match three type of game so lots of suggestions anything else here
in studio Garfield go no don't give him a middle crossing don't don't make him
download things they're just a waste of space on this phone
a middle crossing all right well reginator enjoy that new phone and I
would like to know next time you call in what games you picked up and which ones
you enjoy yeah well you know it's not a game per se but I kind of for like a
bear phrasing playing with retones I did have the theme song to the sky room
I'm it's my ringtone up until like a minute ago now I changed it up I hear
yeah Duke Nukem I hear it yes all right well have a good one have fun playing
with your phone take care bye well do bye bye all right there you go so
upgrading to the smartphone era some people you know like coming in a little
later than others because I know some what was in 2001 no but where there's a
picture of an actor somewhere that somebody took where the actor was still
using a flip phone was it Daniel Day-Lewis always it was somebody got a
picture like Daniel Day-Lewis on the subway and he was still using a flip
phone and that was like that that's why the tweet went viral because like oh my
god y'all Daniel Day-Lewis still uses a flip phone so it happens what's that is
it good for him yeah I don't see any more calls coming in I'll give it one
more chance orange lounge radio all one word on Skype otherwise any last-minute
stories or anything for us to get to no no not really it was kind of a slower
Newsweek maybe everybody's too busy playing God of War I think that's what's
happening I think it is all right well then I guess we'll go ahead and wrap
things up here at orange lounge radio if you decide oh I have something I
wanted to say after the fact well you can always send us an email participate
at orange lounge radio comm is the place to send us an email we'll be back to do
this all again in seven days with an all-new show but I do want to say as I
always say at the end of every episode of orange launch radio thank you so much
for listening to the show support independent broadcasting if you didn't
like our show maybe there's another independent broadcaster out there who
you would enjoy but if you did like orange launch radio help us spread the
word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice but the voices can
only be here on the show if you help us spread the word a nice five-star review
on a site like iTunes or Google Play Google Podcasts those go a very very
very long way so if you just got a smartphone go to your store and leave a
nice review those really help out I really appreciate it you can also send
us feedback through Twitter at olr or our email as well participate at orange
launch radio comm let's go ahead and wrap up and get everybody's final
thought tonight Loki you're you're getting ready to go you already closed
your computer you're on out of here one foot out the door what's your final
thought tonight my final thought is hopefully I'm awake enough this week to
actually play some games cuz I've been just like brain dead I haven't able to
do anything and so it's like I'd rather just go to sleep my final thought is I
was gonna do a I was think I was having a hard time figuring out what to do for
a post-show stream tonight I was like oh maybe I'll do retro games I'll get my
Super Nintendo class I hooked up again but now I'm like I think maybe I'll do
minecraft they'll be fine we'll do Mike we're gonna do my craft stream after the
show tonight they'll be fun dark soccer your final thought I still cannot find
the tank top to save my life well keep on if you have some suggestions y'all
you can tweet dark Sakura at dark Sakura underscore olr for Tron shirts um that's
not my Twitter handle I thought it is no it's not just dark soccer dark Sakura I
know my Twitter handle all right it is at dark Sakura okay yeah you have dark
sorry what where is it that your dark soccer olr of my youtube was for a bit
hmm that's where there was something you have Oh twitch JD says yes twitch twitch
on the brain that's what it is yeah all right all right that's it that does it
for another episode of orange on its radio we'll be back in seven days to do
it all over again but until then goodbye and good night you've been
listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr
studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at
6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog
network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
