Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week we don't have a script, but we do have a lead. John Cena's gonna kick ass and chew bubblegum. But he's all out of gum.
This is just one story on tonight's show. Stay tuned for this, generational upgrades and plenty more news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Well hello once again everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio. Not live tonight with episode number 724 for this April the 1st of 2018.
And that is no joke. No joke here at OLR tonight, but it is gonna be a little bit of Orange Lounge Radio unplugged.
I'll get to that in a minute, but first I have to go around and introduce everybody.
Myself, I'm Rob Roberts or on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, joined as always by my co-hosts say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Orange Dead Radio
Orange Dead, yes cause we're not live.
Exactly. Dead. I like that.
Dead Lounge Radio.
That would be the Halloween episode or episode 666 which we already did.
Yeah.
We hit the point where we've already passed episode 666.
We're beyond evil.
Beyond good and evil.
What would be the next big episode number?
777, the lucky sevens.
I guess so. I guess so. We'll be looking forward to that.
We've already had episode gonanami.
Yeah, I know. I know. They've all happened.
Anyway, also here tonight, of course, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm fine.
Good. Alright, I'm gonna just ask you right at the top because I know somewhere out there, even though we're not live tonight, we don't have our chatters.
We don't have anything going on, which is weird. It's like a piece of us is missing tonight, but that's why it's OLR unplugged.
But I know if we did have the chat room going, Tigerclaw would be lighting it up going, Ready Player One, Ready Player One, Ready Player One.
I saw it. I saw it. Did you see it? Did you see it? So, Loki, I'm sure you had to go see it.
I had to go see it. It was awesome.
You didn't see it, right? Because I didn't see it.
No.
Alright, I didn't think so.
We were gonna go see it, right?
We can. He wanted to go tomorrow. I'm supposed to play Pokemon Go with Shane tomorrow, but I don't know how into that he is.
I'm gonna go be a drag nun, so.
Tomorrow? I thought it was Sunday.
I'm leaving Sunday because I'm staying with JD.
Oh, well tell that kid I said hi.
I will.
Alright, anyway, if he's not listening to this, then hi.
But JD's gonna have to put up with all of that makeup.
The bathroom's gonna be white by the time I'm done.
Girl, like it's the first time. Alright, anyway.
So alright, Ready Player One, the Loki review, and go.
Well, I mean, I really liked it. I knew I was gonna like it.
Of course you were.
And it didn't let me down. I thought, you know, if we're gonna say, you know, video game movies.
I think it did, um, there was definitely a lot of video game stuff in the movie. That's for sure.
I mean, cameos like crazy of everything.
Just, um, and I think it's just really well done.
I like how they incorporated a lot of even like Street Fighter was in there.
Um, they incorporated some of that stuff.
Um, you know, I like the changes that they made against the book and stuff.
Some people had issues with that. But honestly, if you're gonna do it exactly like the book.
Some of that would have been really boring to watch.
And that would have been something like if you were gonna stretch this out to like three movies or something.
That you could have probably done that.
But I kinda like how they did everything.
Let's, they have like, the thing that you see in the trailers all the time, like the big brace for the copper key.
Like that sequence right there, it's done with no music whatsoever.
It's just all sound effects.
And like, I couldn't stop grinning. It was just so fucking awesome.
Like Tron awesome? Cause that sounds like something out of Tron.
It was just like, just non-stop action.
Just non-stop, just crazy shit going on.
So I know the movie got like overall good on Rotten Tomatoes.
It seems like the feeling I'm getting on social media is kind of like, it's okay.
Yeah, it's like the book. It's like the book.
I mean, that's kinda like what it is.
The book was just, I liked the book. I really liked the book.
But some, you know, my wife who's more sophisticated when it comes to reading, didn't really care for it.
Because it's just kind of, it's like trivia about it.
It's like, the way I saw it compared to like, hey, you remember this? Hey, you remember that? Hey, you remember this?
It wasn't so much that in this. I mean, there was some things.
But they really kinda toned that down from the book.
I don't know, just like, I don't understand why this gets picked apart.
But like something like, Rampage the movie, you know, it's just, they expect it to be shit.
Did Rampage come out?
Yes, it's already out.
Oh, I'm...
No, no, no, no, I'm sorry. No, no, you're right. It's not out yet. It's coming out in a few weeks.
I haven't been paying attention.
Tomb Raider's out.
Yeah, Tomb Raider's out. They're putting it out a little bit.
Which didn't suck, but wasn't great.
Same thing. It was okay.
I think, I mean, this is just, it's a really excellent thing.
It's kind of, they have like, you know, not to get too much into spoilers and stuff,
but like the main guy Sorento in this, he wants to take over the Oasis because he wants to monetize it.
It's just like the fucking AAA industry.
He wants to mind it.
We're gonna put ads everywhere.
Like, they're talking about like, oh, hey, this is your VR view or whatever.
Sorry, I just have to say, even when I'm not live, the Google thing gets in the way. Sorry.
That's three weeks in a row, man.
Sorry, guys. God, I can't, I can't escape the Google chat noise sneaking onto the show.
So like they have like, you know, he's like, yeah, we figured out that it's gonna, we can fill up 82% of the viewers,
you know, field of view before they start having seizures is what they're gonna do.
And it's kind of like, yeah, that's kind of like where the industry is going.
So I was kind of neat to like tie in a little bit of like some of the, you know, current stuff.
Let me ask this real quick, though, like how many, since it is a gaming show, how many like,
is there a lot of video game references?
Like all over the, just all the time, just all over the fucking place.
So as a gamer, you felt very like fulfilled?
Yes, it's very fulfilling.
And like, even if you're not so much a gamer, so there's a, there's plenty of references to it.
It's not necessarily reference.
I would call them like cameos and like they incorporate a lot of stuff in there that's from different things.
The rendered characters look like they were straight out of a Final Fantasy game, though.
There's, well, I didn't see any Final Fantasy characters.
And I mean, granted, the last battle, the last battle scene, like you can't see everything.
Like it's just, there's so much going on that you're going to miss a ton of stuff.
But like there was, I remember spawn was in there, which is awesome.
I did see a cameo of Robocop in there at some point.
Apparently at the end of the, that the last charge you kind of see in the trailer,
they do have, you know, like Tracer and stuff from Overwatch, the Battletoads.
And apparently the Power Rangers are in there as well, like charging.
So I don't know. And then like the last like battle, which is kind of out of the book,
it's just, it's like, I don't want to spoil anything, but it's just like, dude, with that combination, you can't.
An orgy, an orgy of pop culture references.
And the end of the battle, Mr. Rogers in a bloodstain sweater.
Oh God, I hope that would, movie of the decade.
The ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny. Remember that, right?
Yes. Yes.
That's what it sounds like.
It's great.
No, but it's pretty awesome. And like, I like even like Sorrento's like avatar kind of looks like this bulked up evil Superman type guy,
which I don't know if he was like supposed to be like that, but he sort of looked like a Superman type guy.
Every time you say Sorrento, I think of Sargento and what pizza.
Pasta sauce. Do they make pasta sauce?
Yeah. Pasta sauce and cheese. They make cheese.
It was a good movie. I liked it. Um, there was, I don't know, there's not really much I could really pick apart about it.
I mean, it was definitely different than the book because they don't really,
well, the big part of the book was like you found the key and then you have to find the gate.
And so there was like a challenge to get to the gate as well.
This is more like you found the key. Okay, now here, open the gate. You know, it's like the gate's right there.
And then the gate's just to get a clue for the next thing.
You know, it's so they don't really kind of address that too much.
Um, but I liked it. I thought it was a great movie. It's definitely worth seeing.
And I saw it, I saw it in 3D and in the D box with the motion seats and stuff. That was fucking awesome.
I forget the motion box is the thing cause I haven't seen a single movie and that's just Tron.
Tron was eight years ago, or like seven and a half. It was, oh my God, I can't believe how like long ago that was.
Anyway, uh, we do want to get into the rest of the show tonight.
Um, before we get too far though, let me tell you what's going on in case you have somehow missed this announcement in previous episodes.
So maybe it's your first Orange Lounge Radio. You never know.
Uh, there's people that find us through friends or other methods every week, so hi.
Uh, it's a little different tonight. This is Orange Lounge Radio unplugged because we are not live.
We usually are live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice Geeks Network.
vog.network.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
But this week, April 1st, a little bit different because it's also Easter.
And so we all have Easter family plans, actually.
Even though mine are in the morning, you guys are in the evening and, you know, Jamie's all the way out in San Francisco.
So it's just not going to gel together on April 1st.
I'm going to have a very, very gay Easter.
That's, I'm kind of jealous. Anyway, um, so, uh, but here's the thing.
Usually we would just take the night off, but we just had last Sunday off because my fault, I was out of town.
Well, really Bobby Black Wolf's fault because he had to go and get married.
But I will say, I'm sure-
It's so overrated.
I'm sure this is going to come up on his show because, um, I'm still going to do the call live on Sunday and I'm sure it'll get brought up.
But I do want to just, you know, again, congratulate Bobby and Jennifer Black Wolf on their, on their wedding.
And, uh, yes, there were lots of great nerdy references in it.
Uh, walk down the aisle to the theme from Final Fantasy.
Cool.
Uh, I remember Kingdom Hearts came up too at some point.
Other nerdy things like Star Wars and like Weird Al kicked off the, the dance.
Although, speaking of the dance, I will say this about Bobby's wedding.
Did he have a polka?
He, Bobby, no, it wasn't, it was a tacky, you know?
Yeah.
But anyway, uh, I will say this about Bobby's wedding because this was a nerdy reference.
So good.
I didn't even catch it until like Jennifer said, did you, did you notice that?
And I was like, oh my God, you did.
Oh my God, you totally did do that.
So they did this whole thing, like when it was time for them to do the first dance and Bobby kind of like said, oh no, no, no, we weren't going to do that.
Remember?
Like he's, no, no, no.
And he's walking up to the DJ and I'm thinking like, oh, this is really awkward.
Right.
And then all of a sudden, like Jennifer kind of like pulls him in and the song starts and of course he's like super into it and they do this whole choreographed thing.
They did the fucking scene from Final Fantasy 8, the ballroom dance scene, and they did the whole, where she pulls him in and all.
So that was, it was all part of it.
And then like, I know there's video of it somewhere cause there was a camera upstairs.
So I kind of go from that whole like, oh no, like, oh dear, something's going on to that whole like this bitch.
Yeah.
Like when they get into the whole like thing, but it was, it was fantastic.
I was like, you could probably even see me in the video mouthing to Alan, what a ham.
But it was great.
It was so good.
And I love that it was a traditional wedding, but very peppered with nerdy references.
Like Ready Player One.
It was peppered with nerdy references.
I was more excited by that Katamari cake though.
It was, sadly we didn't get to eat it.
I guess the groom's cake is not necessarily something you eat at the wedding.
That's dumb.
It's cake.
Well, I had never heard of the groom's cake tradition before this wedding.
Cause it's a Southern thing apparently.
I had never heard of it, but yeah, he did have a cake and it's on my Instagram.
It's on his Twitter, but the cake looked like a giant Katamari, which was very well done.
But the best part about it, it was rolling up things that were like Bobby.
It was like a microphone and a VR headset and like the, and I thought, oh my God, I love that.
I love that.
So, but we did get to eat like the cake cake.
I don't think you'd really call it the bride's cake, but the cake cake.
It was really fucking good.
It was good.
And like, I did not realize this is a thing I learned.
You know, Bobby and I, we do have a lot in common.
We're both longtime internet broadcasters, right?
Uh, but one thing I did not realize we have in common, we both love red velvet.
And so did you just roll your eyes at me?
It's just chocolate, but they dye it red.
No, it's different.
It's different.
True red velvet cake is, is a very, very chocolate cake that shines red when the sun hits it.
It was, it was good.
Well, I mean, the cake was three layers.
So obviously I had the red velvet layer and I'm pretty sure he did too.
And it was fantastic.
So anyway, congratulations, Bobby.
But that's why we weren't here last Sunday live because I did take the trip out to Georgia to do it.
You know what, Bobby, I've, God, I would, Bobby I've known because of this show.
And, you know, obviously he led to the partnership that saved us from live through CC5 when they were kind of imploding and then brought us to the all games.
And then obviously we created VOG, you know, together, you know, with, with our buddies.
And so, God, Bobby's somebody I've worked with and gone to expos, E3 packs, all that stuff over for like 10 years, over 10 years.
So I was very honored that he, he shared in a special day with me, but I will stop talking about that.
Since again, I'm sure the folks that are listening on Sunday night are like, we just heard this on Bobby's show, but it was a great night, y'all.
It was a great night.
Let's just, so this is unplugged.
It's also unplugged because we don't have a show roll.
Usually we have a list like Jamie's going to talk about this and then Loki's going to talk about this.
Like we don't script the show, but we have like, we have a flow chart of how the show is going to look, right?
We didn't do that this week.
PowerPoint presentation.
We don't have our chat room, which means if we get something wrong tonight, we're not going to be instantly corrected.
Deal with it.
Yeah. You'll just have to send us an email to participate.
Anything wrong is an April Fool's joke.
That's right. Very good. Very good. Anything wrong is April Fool's.
It was intentional.
Got you good. All right.
Let's get into our gaming weeks. Why don't we start off talking about that?
We usually do at the top of the show, talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura.
Since I'm better at reading maps than my husband, I've been his navigator in Breath of the Wild again in our quest to get every single shrine.
We were on the last shrine.
Wow.
The one where you use the giant ball in Impa's house.
I haven't played enough of Breath of the Wild to find them all.
Girl.
Girl.
I need to go back and really like play that game thoroughly.
Well, we were on the last one and then I told Dan that our next quest is to get all 900 Koroks. We have 120.
Oh boy.
Well, you only need 400 and something to fill your inventory to get all the inventory slots, but we're going for completion.
We're doing like everything. Poor Zelda's, they're like, bitch, hurry up in that castle.
And then I'm still playing idle pouring. I'm still playing animal crossing. We've got more animals. It's actually really fun.
Are they still updating the mobile?
Yeah, they're still updating it like different things to do every month. Different ways to get your money.
I don't want to say that game flopped because I know it has its fans.
It didn't flop at all.
But well, but it also didn't hit expectations. I know I've seen that.
Well, I'm helping it hit expectations.
But I mean, I was actually going to say a positive, Jamie, if you let me finish.
The positive was going to be, but they're still updating it. They're still doing all these tweaks to it that I'm just I'm just not hearing about because for whatever reason, it just doesn't have the same.
I just want a full animal crossing on Switch.
I think you and half the Internet.
Right. Yeah.
And so I've been, you know, living my Animal Crossing fantasy vicariously through, you know, the little teensy Animal Crossing.
Sure. But it's been really fun. I'm super enjoying it.
I've started playing Puzzle Bobble again, the phone version, because it's all I have time for anymore.
I haven't touched Wow, which is sad. I probably should. But I need people to play with.
Hey, Captain Spike and First Mate Slidekick from Game Buoy, you out there?
They would be on the server when I am. But.
It's a bummer. It is a bummer about the regional stuff, because I bet the girls gone wow team would love to have you.
And it's a it's a bummer about the whole fact that you can't play with UK people.
Yeah, it is.
But I've I've you know, I've been thinking about putting some time into that once I get some of my responsibilities out of the way, because I even tonight after I go to the movies, I'm supposed to work on, you know, graphic stuff.
But that's been the predominant thing is really I've just been like we've all been about Breath of the Wild at my house.
Oh, and and and and I played a shit ton of World Cup soccer pinball.
Pinball machine. Yeah, I saw your Instagram lighten up because you replaced a part, right?
Well, Dan hosted League Night. There's there's two leagues in Sacramento. There's the Folsom League and the Lodi League.
What's league like like pinball league?
Oh, I know there was a pinball league. That's cool.
And I think that we had the Lodi League at our house on.
Not this past Thursday, but last week, huh? And like 24 people in the house, so I just went and bought clothes.
I'm down another gene size. Hey, hey, work.
Anyway, so we they broke my goalie on World Cup soccer.
And the goalie is actually a hard plastic that's mounted to a another metal piece and it moves back and forth.
You can still do the metal piece, but the goalie is a little bit bigger.
It's just a big hunk of plastic. And they broke my goalie off of the post.
And so Dan ordered me another goalie, but he jury rigged my my old goalie so that we could still play the table.
And he's put all kinds of LEDs in it. And he's finished Creature from the Black Lagoon, which he we sold one once.
And he always wanted another. So he shopped it out. And now we have the getaway, which was high speed to.
Yeah, I remember that. I actually remember that we have like so many Steve Ritchie tables.
It's not even funny. High speed was one of the NES games, right? Like everybody knows him.
I think so. They also did high speed. High speed was the one where you play as the cops.
Well, the getaway is where you play as the guy in the Ferrari.
And so it's another Steve Ritchie game, which the Steve Ritchie games, like, for example, there's Black Knight 2000 is a Steve Ritchie game.
You know, the getaway, the new Star Trek pinball is a Steve Ritchie game and the new Star Wars one.
I think he did that one, too. But he does really fast ones with like the button in the middle gimmick.
And so I guess we've become Steve Ritchie collectors.
And he's also a super nice guy, just, you know, going very deaf. But he's really, really just a cool guy.
And so we've been doing a lot of pinball lately, just, you know, Dan shopping out.
We might be selling Star Trek maybe because we need room.
That's part of what you got to do. Buy, sell, trade.
And my coworker and buddy Tyler, who changed roommate, went to L.A. and brought me back to new games.
Well, new-ish, you know, new to me. I have now Puyo Puyo Dreamcast edition, Puyo Puyo 4 for Dreamcast.
And I have Puyo Puyo Sun 64, which I wanted since that fucking game came out.
And now I have it in a very nice box. It's really nice.
Awesome.
And but I'm still working on finding something for Dan.
So if anyone has any leads on a copy of Salamander Deluxe Pack for Sega Saturn for hopefully under 60 bucks, let me know.
OK.
So that's it.
All right.
And as the collecting world turns of the vault to Dark Saga's house.
Well, we might be selling off some of the stuff in there, but the Saturn collection.
You're still trying to unload that Ninja Gaiden trilogy, huh?
We haven't really put much effort into it, but if someone wants to make me an offer on Ninja Gaiden trilogy, if it's under $300, I'm going to laugh at you.
All right.
It's in the box with a manual.
All right. Let's go to Loki. How was your gaming week? What have you been playing?
I've been playing a few things, so I got Far Cry 5 because I was peer pressured by my.
Well, it's not peer pressured, but I like at least to get the PlayStation 4 version.
I was peer pressured because they're like, you just get a PlayStation 4, then maybe we can play.
And I was like, OK, fine.
Because I wasn't decided between PlayStation 4 or PC.
And I like Far Cry games. They're all right.
And I usually get tired of them pretty fast, but the Far Cry arcade was pretty fun.
So that's kind of the level creator that they have in there.
So I've been messing with that a little bit.
It's still kind of limited for what I wanted to make, but I could have quite a bit of fun with that.
And then the actual game itself.
OK, so there's this weird glitch that happened.
So I was playing the game on normal, and then all of a sudden I'm in the tutorial.
I thought of Bobby for a second there.
I was like, I can't pass the tutorial.
I keep getting shot to death.
And I'm doing everything right. Why do I keep dying so fast?
Well, apparently there's a glitch in the game that all of a sudden randomly sets it up to hard mode.
It just ramps it up all the way.
And I was like, what the hell?
And so I put it all back down the easy.
And I was like, OK, that's way better now.
Now I can actually survive.
But I posted on Twitter, and apparently Travis had the same problem.
He's like, yeah, that happened to me too.
I was like, that's weird.
But yeah, the game is all sorts of glitchy bullshit, which means I love it.
So there's that.
And then I was actually trying to get some actual programming done.
So I've been doing a lot of stuff, though, for work and doing stuff for something I wanted to work on.
But it's more of education still, because I wanted to do a third-person shooter.
But who would have thought it's so much fucking harder than a first-person shooter?
So speaking of work, a little birdie named the Twitter icon told me that you got a promotion.
Yes, I did get a promotion.
A nice 25% raise too.
That's special.
You got money.
Yeah, so I've been trying to get into this specific position ever since I got up to where I'm at now,
because it seemed like it was really cool.
It's basically people that it's sort of like an analyst position,
but it's basically finding efficiencies and implementing that stuff.
Oh, like business improvement stuff.
Yeah, so workflow stuff.
A lot of that is tied to training, so I'm very familiar with that.
Yeah, exactly. So workflow stuff.
And that's kind of what I do anyways.
Any position I go to, I kind of master it, and I find shortcuts that do everything faster.
And so that's how I've gotten great reviews the last couple of years, just because of that kind of stuff.
I started teaching myself JavaScript.
Well, first I started off with Visual Basic scripting to do macros and stuff,
and now since I'm moving out of Internet Explorer, because no one should be in Internet Explorer.
But I wanted to move away from that, so now I'm learning JavaScript to develop a Chrome extension
to work with the stuff I have, because we use a database system, I guess.
We call it Salesforce. A lot of big companies use it, Microsoft and stuff like that.
Isn't it built on an Oracle?
It's something. I don't know what it is. It's basically a database of contacts and stuff.
They use it for sales.
I know Salesforce very well, and I know other people that know it very, very well.
It's very popular in the industry.
Yes, there's lots of people that use Salesforce.
What we wanted to do, there's different quality of life things that obviously aren't going to be at the forefront
for our programs to work on, because we just integrated.
We moved away from a terminal system into Salesforce,
and so I've been using the extension to build those quality of life functions on the client side
to do all the things that they want to do, since we don't have to bug the programs.
I can just take care of it myself.
It's like, oh, I want this button to do this and this and this.
So in a roundabout way, all this programming stuff for the games you've never done
have actually kind of helped you out.
Yeah, sort of. It helps me learn different languages a lot quicker, so that's good.
No, but I really do want to get into making games.
I have been inspired, but the third-person shooter stuff, it seems like it's a lot to learn.
I mean, it's just with the animation systems and stuff like that, but it's good to learn it, though,
because it's an important part of doing all these different things in Unity and stuff.
So it's good to kind of learn that now instead of just going around different ways of doing things.
So I've been kind of in just a learning phase, and it's been fascinating.
So once I kind of get that down, then I'll start working on some other things.
And I don't even know if the third-person shooter thing is what I'm going to end up doing,
but it's just more of just educating myself, especially since the last time I used Unity
was kind of getting into the five, and now it's 2017, and a ton of shit has changed.
So it's just kind of figuring out what all the changes are.
All right, anything else for your gaming week?
A little bit of Pokémon, because they have that new quest system thing, so that's been fun.
Yeah, that just started the day we're recording, yeah.
Yeah, so I've been playing that a little bit, and then I've been...
What else? I played a little bit of Burnout Paradise Remastered, and that's all right.
Kind of sad that they just dropped the price $10, like literally a week after it came out.
Oh wow, I didn't even realize that.
But I... whatever, it's fine.
So I don't know, I'm just going to be playing stuff.
I've kind of settled on the fact that I'm probably not going to buy any new games until the fall.
But at the same time, I'm thinking, hey, you know, I just got this new job,
maybe I should reward myself with a Switch, so we'll see.
I bought two games, actually. One of them I haven't played yet, but I just bought it today.
Have you ever heard of Leo's Fortune?
Nope.
It's a little platformer where you play as a green, fuzzy, Muppet-looking ball.
But it got good ratings. It's really pretty.
Cool.
And another one called Human Fall Flat.
That I've seen, yeah.
Yeah, I got that one, but I haven't, again, played it yet, but it looks really neat, so...
I'm trying to do more, like, Mac gaming, because someone's gotta.
Someone's gotta be the audience for that.
But both of them are really high-rated, so I decided to give them a try.
I'm going to do my gaming week then.
I was traveling most of the time, so I don't have as many games, although I did bring my Switch,
and so I did play some Mario Kart 8 while we had some downtime,
because I noticed Sunday night there was nothing to do, so I played some Mario Kart 8
and some Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 and a few things on Switch there.
But actually, just a little while ago, I was doing some streaming of Ni No Kuni 2.
I started playing Ni No Kuni 2.
How is it?
It's not bad, and it's not tied to the first one.
It does feel like a different game in the same universe,
because I noticed right off the bat the combat is completely different.
It's more like Kingdom Hearts type of combat than it is a normal RPG where it's like fight, attack, run.
You run up, you can dodge, and it's more action-y kind of based.
So I don't think you have to have a knowledge of the first game, really,
although I did notice some of the location names are the same, so it must be in the same world,
although I've only played the first chapter.
I've barely scratched the surface, so not all of that's come together yet.
But I was doing some streaming of that earlier on my channel, Rob Roberts, on Twitch,
so I was encouraged to play more, so I'll definitely play some more.
It is a really good-looking game. It looks really nice.
I bought it on PC, actually.
I know most people are probably doing it on PlayStation 4.
I felt for streaming it would probably be easier on PC,
and then also I knew PC can run it at some higher resolutions than maybe what I can get away with on my TV.
So yeah, I just decided to get it on PC, and I've been enjoying the game so far,
so I'm hoping to play more in the coming week.
And again, if you want to watch me play, you can over at Twitch TV, Rob Roberts.
Speaking of Twitch, I've been playing with my buddy Delvin.
Shout-out to Delvin, who's one of the hosts of the Video Game Realness podcast,
which they're still putting out new episodes out of Toronto,
and we were teaming up playing Overwatch together.
So sometimes I will stream it, like we'll both be streaming it,
and sometimes he streams it, and I'm just like,
Delvin, I'm going to join your game. He's like, okay, so I end up on his stream.
So I've been playing a little more Overwatch because of that,
which is one of those games I haven't been playing a lot of lately.
But there's a little more renewed interest in Overwatch right now
because they just put out Brigitte, the new character,
so it's changed the dynamics a little bit.
So that's fun. I haven't really played a lot of her.
I've still been sticking to the characters that I'm decent with.
I play usually Junkrat. I play Pharah. I play Orisa.
If the group needs a tank, I really enjoy Orisa.
Do you do tongue pops?
When I do Orisa?
Yeah.
Yes. God!
What's her catchphrase?
So you play Orisa Edwards and Farah Moan.
Cease your resistance!
I messed up the tongue pop.
I couldn't help it.
Let's see. And then what do I do if I need a healer?
I'm a pretty decent Mercy.
I still play Mercy, even though they keep thwappin' her with the nerf bat,
but I still enjoy Mercy.
I sometimes play Lucio, but I think I'm just better with Mercy.
So yeah, that's a little Overwatch,
and I guess that's really all I have to say,
except I will quickly mention the Pokemon Go things since you brought it up.
The questing is rad.
If you haven't played Pokemon Go in a while,
fire it up because it's cool.
Now you have two types of quests, basically.
One of them are little daily things you get from bogey stops.
The other one is kind of like this set adventure
that is going to culminate in the ability to capture Mew, basically.
But what's cool about it is that some of the quest rewards
is not only another way to get XP
and get some of the stuff you would usually get from raids,
but you can actually get XP as well,
so people that need more experience, this is a good way to do it.
And it does throttle you.
You can only do so much in one day,
but I got an incubator as the reward today for doing quests,
and I was like, okay.
I always complain about how fast you tear through those incubators,
and then it's just like, buy more, buy more,
and you know that's how they're making all their money,
so I appreciate that there's ways to get free ones now in the game.
They used to have it, though.
You can sometimes get them from bogey stops.
Around Christmas, I think.
Was it only at Christmas?
I feel like they might have done it twice in the game.
There was a couple-day period where every day you spun a bogey stop,
you got one one-using incubator.
Yeah, that's what I like.
They did that for a bit, yeah.
Yeah, so I think it was around the holidays.
So anyway, that is pretty much it for my gaming week.
So we will be back live next week, April the 8th,
so we will see you then,
and then we should have shows pretty consistently
until the end of June, the week after our 16th anniversary special.
My God.
This show will be old enough to drive right into a brick wall,
as we do every week.
Well, in Mississippi, we were already old enough.
That's right.
You might even be able to get married in certain states.
That's right.
Are we able to legally consent anywhere yet?
Other countries.
All right, anyway.
I don't know, it would be old enough in Italy.
Let's get to some gaming news.
Again, we're unplugged tonight,
so I have no idea what we're going to talk about.
Let's start with Jamie.
Throw a story at us, yeah.
I'm busy updating my Mac, hush.
So it's a game I actually,
I didn't even know that it was out on iOS,
so I just acquired it today.
But Puzzle Fighter has actually gotten a rating for PS4,
Xbox One, and PC in Europe,
and it is a translation of the iOS and Google Play version.
So from their little...
Well, we don't know that for sure, though, right?
We just know the game's been rated.
We don't know if it's...
Well, yeah, but it's likely...
Because it's not super Puzzle Fighter.
Well, yeah, I guess what I mean by that is
we don't know if it's going to be the free-to-play model
or if you'll get a bundle all at once.
Well, the free-to-play model that's out right now
for its basic features is that you can collect characters,
you can challenge people all over the world in real-time fighting,
you have all kinds of Capcom characters,
you get ranking points,
you can do world leader board PvP,
and it's basically just Puzzle Fighter,
which is funny because I knew two of the people
who did localization for Puzzle Fighter in the U.S.
Oh, cool.
The original Puzzle Fighter.
If I am... Well, actually, was it Puzzle...
No, it was Rival...
I think it was Puzzle Fighter and Rival Schools.
That was Chris Tang.
Oh.
It was in DDR.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cool guy.
Beat the shit out of my husband in Street Fighter.
The thing I remember about Puzzle Fighter,
I didn't play the mobile one very long
because you know how I feel about playing games
that I need a controller for on mobile.
And that is one of those games.
So I'm excited to hear I will get to try it
with a controller with this.
But one thing I liked about it was that it wasn't just
the Street Fighter and Darkstalkers,
but they were putting things like Dante
and like other Capcom...
Frank West, who's in everything.
Yeah, other Capcom classic greats.
He needs something to do since his series is dead.
Yeah, that's too bad, huh?
I bet you that series comes back.
It's dead, rising.
It will rise from its grave.
Rise from your grave.
Rise from your grave.
It will come out again, I'm sure, at some point.
To register participation for this week's episode
of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com.
Use the passphrase, graphic.
Reboots, that's what we do in entertainment.
Remasters.
Remaster, reboots.
Oh, a trilogy remaster.
Why the fuck not?
Let's do it.
Everything else is getting a trilogy remaster.
All right, Loki, we'll bounce back and forth here.
I don't have anything else.
All right.
I'll just direct traffic.
Let's find something interesting to talk about.
Well, since we were just talking about Capcom,
we can talk about, I guess,
the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Edition.
Oh, sure.
So, yeah, that's gonna be pre-ordering on PC,
PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And if you pre-order it,
you get Ultra Street Fighter IV for free.
And then Switch, of course,
since Ultra Street Fighter IV wasn't on there,
you get the Super Street Fighter II,
the tournament battle.
Hmm.
So, it's pretty awesome.
Except for the fact that I already have
that Ultra Street Fighter IV on PC, but...
But it has a meaning.
It's got Street Fighter, Street Fighter II,
Street Fighter II Championship Edition,
Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting,
Super Street Fighter II,
Super Street Fighter II Turbo,
Street Fighter Alpha,
Alpha II, Alpha III,
Street Fighter III,
III Second Impact.
Street Fighter 33 and a third.
Everything up until fourth.
I don't see any of those bootleg ones.
Where's the Black Belt Edition, dammit?
I want to be able to throw rapid-fire fireballs
and have them wave up and down.
Where's the one that did all the urban legend shit
where, like, you could stick Vega to the wall
and you could handcuff somebody to Guile?
True story.
Arcade that I used to go to in college
that was actually in the back of a bar
had all those bootleg modded ones,
including Immortal Combat
that started off with the last fight.
Oh, weird.
Yeah, but I've seen some of those,
like, urban legend editions,
the ROM hacked ones.
They're pretty funny.
Yeah, where, like, somebody will be like,
no, I swear I saw it once.
Guile handcuffs somebody to him.
Like, it's a move you can do.
And it's like, well, because you saw some bootleg
from another country.
But back then we weren't aware of,
we were naive to such things.
We could have the internet.
Yeah, that's right.
There was no Snopes.
We barely had the internet.
That's right.
Get off my lawn.
All right.
Well, that'd be cool.
I mean, we talked a little bit about
the Street Fighter thing last week
or the week before, I don't remember,
about the whole, like, the tournament.
And that must be the thing
that they're putting on the Switch,
but that's cool about the pre-order bonuses.
I mean, like, if you somehow missed
Ultra Street Fighter IV,
which I don't...
Street Fighter IV feels so much like
Street Fighter II to me,
because, like, all the Street Fighter II characters
are in Street Fighter IV.
Yeah.
Every single one of them.
The last good one.
Yeah.
So, anyway.
You weren't a fan of Street Fighter V?
Apparently not a lot of people were.
Well, I don't know.
I want to give it a second chance
of this arcade edition.
My girl's in it.
Dan played a little bit of it.
It was actually not too bad.
Yeah.
I only care because I can play soccer right now.
I want to give it another look.
Anyway, what do you have for us, Jamie?
Some Dragon Quest stuff.
Because, guess what?
It's not 9.
It's 11.
Sorry.
That was from before the show.
When it's XI, it's 11.
Yes.
It's me, Si.
IX is 9.
Yes.
X.
But, yeah.
G.
It's Final Fantasy.
Or, not Final Fantasy.
Dragon Quest G.
G.
Anyway.
They...
Uh...
Deh.
So, on September 4th,
Dragon Quest XI Echoes of an Elusive Age,
and also Echoes of an Elusive Game,
will be coming out on PlayStation 4 and PC on Steam in North America and Europe.
We will also receive a Switch version, but it will not be finished for a little while.
But, then again, we're also not getting the 3DS version,
because, apparently, Squeenix wants to avoid dividing its focus.
So, whatever.
But, hey, at least we're getting support for Dragon Quest games, you know, officially now.
It's gonna be nice to get Dragon Quest XI, seeing as Dragon Quest X never happened.
Now, I get Dragon Quest X as online, but it would've been nice.
It would've been nice.
It apparently will have all the pomp it's meant to have, so...
Huzzah.
I'll definitely be picking that up.
See America, this face?
Yeah.
It tells you everything you need to know.
Even though this is radio, we cannot see this face.
Dot com.
Alright, Logie.
So, they're making a Carmen Sandiego movie for Netflix.
Yeah.
Who's Carmen Sandiego? That's the most important part.
Jennifer Lopez?
Gina Rodriguez.
That's not bad.
Who was in Annihilation.
Oh, okay.
I didn't realize they actually cast somebody. Okay.
Sure.
So, that's gonna be a live action movie.
And, then, also, apparently, they're gonna be doing another animated project that's coming out.
A series that's in 2019.
She'll be doing the voice of Carmen Sandiego for that as well.
Well, that's cool. They kind of do that to tie it together.
I wonder, is it gonna be geared towards kids then?
Like, even if they're doing a Carmen Sandiego movie, are they gonna kind of gear it towards kids?
I mean, it does say it's gonna be triple X, so, I mean, yes, I assume it's gonna be geared towards kids.
Triple X art core?
Where in my butt is Carmen Sandiego?
No, I think they're gonna do a kids version.
I wonder if they'll bring characters to the game show.
Like, they'll have the ch- I mean, honestly, obviously, rest in peace, Lin.
Thigpen is not able to be the chief, but maybe they will have, you know, the same style that she did.
They'll have, like, a chief of police. Maybe they'll bring over some of the stuff.
Maybe the theme song will be that doo-wop, doo-ba-doo-ba-boo-wop.
I doubt it.
It needs to be the ending credits.
I think the big climatic final scene in the Carmen Sandiego movie needs to be somebody putting together a map of, like, what was the heart of Africa?
Or, like, one of those countries or one of those continents where, like, it was really hard.
Like, when the kid got, like, when the kid got, like, the states in America, that was always easy, right?
They would just breeze right through that.
But when they got, like, Europe or Africa, it was, like, really hard.
And they couldn't do it in an amount of time.
You thought it was hard?
No, I didn't say I thought it was hard.
Like, when they had to, like, name places there or something?
No, like, you remember the big map on the floor?
That's right, that's right, that's right.
And they have to fill in the map.
But, like, some people, you know, and even- God, if you asked me to do it today, I don't know if I would.
I don't know if I would. I wouldn't be able to do it in two minutes or whatever the time limit is.
I would have to really think it through.
Well, countries today, though, are not what the countries were then.
True.
And, I mean, it's serious that borders, you know, change.
That is true.
All the time.
That is true. But, you know, still.
Okay, if you had to name, like, if you had to point in an empty map of Africa and name every country, would you be able to do it?
Because I don't think I could.
No.
I'd get South Africa.
I'd get a good chunk. I'd get a pretty good chunk.
Like, I can pretty much name most of the coasts.
Yeah.
That's me, too. I could probably do all the coastal countries. Yeah.
Yeah.
And, like, Northern Africa, I could probably do better because it would be Egypt, Lebanon, all that. Yeah.
But, no.
Even Europe. Even Europe, I doubt I could do. Or South America. Actually-
Rob, where is Luxembourg?
Germany?
Luxembourg is a country.
I could do-
So it's not in Germany?
I could do South-
Y'all need education, okay?
I could do South America.
All right. Well, that, what Carmen Sandiego was how I was getting my education and it's gone, Dar Sakura. It's gone.
Well, I didn't do it.
All right.
Girl.
You did, though.
I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
All right, when-
I am innocent.
When is the release of Carmen Sandiego on Netflix?
They haven't said yet. Other than the animated series, which is in 2019, they haven't said when the movie's coming out yet, so-
You may get us wait.
I think we need to see a trailer first before-
Yes.
Unless they pull, like, you know, hey, here's Carmen Sandiego. But they can't do that because we don't know where Carmen Sandiego is, so, you know, they can't show us that.
You know, I always had this theory when I was playing the games as a kid that Carmen Sandiego was a code name for a big organization, that it wasn't a single person.
I was getting into this conspiracy theory shit when I was eight.
Eight.
You? You?
Me.
All right. Anyway, what do you have for us? Another story.
What, me? Me?
Yeah, you.
Ikaruga.
Mm-hmm.
Which isn't Radiant Silver Gun. I want Radiant Silver Gun.
Anyway, the German USK has a rated Ikaruga for PlayStation 4 being, of course, developed again by Treshar. Treasure.
And so, I'm trying to get what they said, though, the date on it, because the stupid thing isn't listing the date.
Wait, these are the-
This says it's rated, so no date on it.
The German USK?
Yeah.
Is that in Luxembourg?
Fuck off.
I'll show you Luxembourg when I kick you over there.
Fuck off.
But yeah, Ikaruga is once again being released on yet another system, as if you didn't already play Ikaruga on, what was it?
All of the other systems.
Dreamcast, yeah, it came out in the arcade, then we had Dreamcast, GameCube, Xbox 360, and PC.
When is someone gonna demake Ikaruga for the 2600?
That's what we need to plan on.
Would it kill Treasure to do a new shooter? I mean, to be fair-
Would it kill Treasure to do a new silhouette mirage?
And to be fair, to be fair, new shooter games are coming out all the time in Japan, and so few of them make it over here, and I don't follow the genre close enough.
I'm sure I will get tweets like, Rob, there's been all these shooter games you don't even know about, and yeah, because they don't ever seem to come over here.
Like, it's just not- the genre does not-
For a little while we were getting, like, some of them, like, when we got Death Smiles and-
I would think the-
Mushi Himesama and-
The Switch would be such a good system for those.
It would.
Because you can flip it vertically, like, in the, um, Pinball FX3, it has a vertical mode, and you can hold-
Yeah.
Yeah, and, like, that would be fucking great for shmups, but for whatever reason we just don't have a lot yet, but maybe soon.
And the Switch is region free, so-
How very dear they are.
Where is that?
But, cool, Ikaruga on PlayStation 4, why not? Why not? Let's do it again.
Ikaruga.
Why not? We did Rez again, let's do Ikaruga again.
How about, just, somebody give me Radiant Silver Gun on Saturn, and I'll shut up about Ikaruga.
Alright. Uh, Logi.
Alright, so, there's this article that was about, um, I guess this Windows Core OS, which is, I guess, the next step for Windows 10, or kind of a tweak to it.
So, what they're going to be doing with this, basically, I guess they're saying, Microsoft Windows Vision, which includes the idea of a gaming mode for playing games with an Xbox controller.
And, um, you know, they're talking about some of the features.
Windows Seashell, it says, with the same kernel, a flexible core, and a unified app platform, the last piece of the shell, or UI, that itself can adapt to the screen.
Taking the idea of continuum to the OS level, Seashell lets devices adjust their UIs for different tasks and experiences.
A device running full Windows 10 for desktop would be able to take on a Windows 10 mobile UI to run in phone mode.
Or, for example, a Windows 10 PC could take on the Xbox UI when in gaming mode.
This means that we'll see an Xbox UI come to Windows 10, and this means we'll be able to launch Xbox games through this UI.
This also means that we'll see third-party Xbox PC consoles, um, if the OEM wants to use the native Windows 32 support or not.
An OEM can create an Xbox PC console with S mode enabled, which has native Windows 32 compatibility, and can switch between normal Windows 10, or can be based on Polaris, which has no native Windows 32, and based on the universal Windows platform.
They're not going to make such happen.
This also means, um, the future, we could see Xbox hardware that comes with a controller and a mouse and keyboard.
Hmm.
So that they're going to turn the Xboxes into PCs, and the PCs into Xboxes.
Interesting.
Um, and being that, you know, with that, there's also the possibility that, um, with this universal Windows platform and this special shell that maybe, since they're going to be running Windows 10, that you can get Steam games for your Windows, or your Xbox console.
So essentially they're just trying to make, like, the Xbox console basically a PC on your television at this point.
Almost.
Steam box, basically.
Yeah.
Interesting.
I haven't heard a lot about Steam boxes.
Interesting.
But my thing with this, and like, don't get me wrong, it sounds exciting, but I remember talking with a Microsoft rep back in 2012 about this type of thing, and they were like, oh yeah, it's right around the corner.
So...
Well, the games for Windows thing was like a very, like, Xbox 360 kind of shell around games.
You know?
And there was stuff, of course...
It was a terrible shell.
I got to pour one out for Game Room, because I'm always going to bring up Game Room, but that was one of those things that, you know, it had that you could play it on both sides, and it would remember who you are, and it had that same type of shell on it, you know?
Was it just ahead of its time, Loki?
Yes, I guess so.
But, I mean, that's a neat idea.
I'd be really interested to hear more about it and see when it's going to be implemented, because right now it's just kind of talk.
I mean, I'm hopeful that they'll do something.
I maybe need to see more Xbox integration, even more reason not to buy an Xbox One.
It's kind of confusing.
But I guess if they're still able to sell Xbox One games on PC, then does it really matter that they're not selling consoles that they don't make anything off of?
Well, I think they're still selling enough Xboxes.
The question is, when they do implement this, and we're buying lots of Xbox One games, am I going to have to pay for Xbox One or Xbox Live Gold?
Because they're, oh, well, now you have to.
Whereas, no, we don't.
Who knows?
But that's going to be hard to sell on a platform that can, you know, yeah, I could buy this game here, or I could buy the Steam version, which doesn't have to do that.
We'll see.
Maybe E3 will have some answers, but probably not.
It just really sounded like their whole press release there was full of wind.
Like, oh, we're going to talk about kernels, as if we're Linux.
No.
We got one more from you, right, Jamie?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm sorry, I'm just completely unimpressed with Microsoft bullshit.
So, 2018 World Video Game Hall of Fame finalists.
If there are the finalists listed, you can still vote for them.
Wait, where is this?
Oh, this is the Video Game Hall of Fame.
Yeah, the Strongs World Video Game Hall of Fame.
Yeah, this does come up every year.
Okay.
Yeah, and you can vote for it.
You have to look for the website.
But the voting closes on, well, the inductees will be announced on Thursday, May 3rd, at 1030.
So, you can vote for the following.
Asteroids, Call of Duty from 2003, Dance Dance Revolution, Final Fantasy VII, Half-Life, John Madden Football,
King's Quest, Metroid, Minecraft, Ms. Pac-Man, Space War, and Tomb Raider.
And if you don't vote for DDR, I'm disowning you.
I thought they already had Minecraft in there.
Maybe it was just nominated before.
It was a finalist from before.
Here's the thing. I went, and you can actually pull a Wiki article on all this.
It's located in Rochester, New York.
And if you want to vote, worldvideogamehalloffame.org.
Here's the class of 20...
Wait a second. I thought that there was another hall of fame somewhere else in the Midwest.
Are you thinking of the one, the classics in Otumwa or whatever that town is, or all the 80s?
Something like that, where they were saying like, oh, we're the center of video games.
That's Twin Galaxy's thing.
No, that wasn't Twin Galaxy's. It was some like...
Are you to say that there is more than one place claiming that they're the hall of fame of video games?
Back in the day, the Metreon had that walk of fame, right?
Well, we're the video game hall of fame now, bitches.
All right. Anyway, Loki, the one in Rochester, New York.
Okay, so in 2015, they inducted Doom, Pac-Man, Pong, Super Mario Brothers, Tetris, World of Warcraft.
Minecraft was a nominee. It was not inducted.
So that's the difference.
It's like how, what's the band that over and over again never gets into the Music Hall of Fame?
Boston? No, Boston made it.
There was some band that was getting nominated every fucking year and wasn't getting in.
Was it Black Sabbath?
I bet it was Black Sabbath. I could be wrong, though. Don't quote me on that.
2016 had the inductees were the original Legend of Zelda, the Oregon Trail, The Sims, Sonic the Hedgehog, Space Invaders, and Grand Theft Auto 3.
And then in 2017, they inducted Pokemon Red and Green, or Blue, depending on what country you're in.
Street Fighter 2, Donkey Kong, and Halo.
So that's where it is right now.
So now, yes, they have some holdover finalists, but there are some new finalists, which include Dance Dance Revolution.
Although, I gotta be honest, how many do you get to vote for on this list?
Three? Four?
If I had to vote for four, I would vote for King's Quest, Metroid.
I'm looking at the list. King's Quest, Metroid. Yeah, I'd vote for DDR for me.
DDR and... I might do Minecraft. I don't know.
But that's my opinion. I'm sure everybody else has theirs.
I'd vote for DDR, DDR, DDR, and Metroid.
Alright.
I don't know, I'd probably give Final Fantasy VII a mention, just because I played a shit ton of that game.
Yeah, because you had to watch Aerith Die over and over.
Well, yeah, that too. But it really was kind of a genre changer. You know, really it was.
People, you know, I don't care if you hate or love the game, it has to be admitted that it changed things for RPGs.
It was a moment.
It was a moment. We were all a little verklempt.
Especially when I watch Aerith Die. I'm happy verklempt.
Let's do one more from Loki and then we'll do the classic game of the week.
Alright. Let's see. How about we talk about Lindsay Lohan?
How about no?
Is she still in rehab?
I don't know, but Lindsay Lohan...
No, she's like the official spokesperson for like Lawyer.com or something now.
Well, it's a good thing that she is a spokesperson for Lawyer.com, because I'm sure she's utilized them quite a bit.
To sue Grand Theft Auto for...
Again?
No, I think it's the same lawsuit. It's been that long. Yes, that's right.
So this lawsuit was basically, for those who don't remember, it was in regards to some of the artwork and characters that were in Grand Theft Auto 5.
Mainly, I don't remember the name, Lacey Jonas, who was in the game.
And she was kind of like this, you know, stall...
There's like a Hollywood, you know, young, you know, kind of TMZ trashy celebrity person.
You know, where she was, you know, had a sex tape and like getting in accidents for being drunk and stuff like that.
And apparently they're saying, oh, you know, because the artwork has, you know, this blonde chick in a bikini that, you know, Lindsay Lohan has also worn a bikini.
But let me guess, parody is acceptable and it's parody.
Yeah, basically they said that, you know, that her complaint that was, you know, lookalike and it looked exactly like her.
But unfortunately they said that, you know, didn't find that the computer generated images, avatars or NPCs can legally be called portraits.
And so they said that Jonas wasn't a portrait of Lohan.
So apparently, you know, that's been dismissed.
And yes, she is officially the new spokesperson for Lawyer.com, which makes this whole thing ironic.
It's like Ray.
So, I mean, just get over it, dude.
I mean, like what? That game came out like how many years ago was that?
A little bit now.
We're getting ready for Grand Theft Auto 6, although we got to get through it.
It's like we got to get through Red Dead 2 first.
2010, maybe.
I think it was a while ago.
All right.
Well, let's let's travel.
Let's travel back to simpler times, shall we?
Let's step into the gaming vault and go back to a simpler time when Lindsay Lohan was getting Golden Globe nominations for the parent trap.
When she was in Mean Girls.
But she was a hot redhead.
Yeah.
Well, she was like seven in the parent trap.
No, I'm not talking about then.
I'm talking about later when she was, you know, a hot redhead, not a tiny child.
Thank you for clarifying.
All right.
It's the classic game of the week.
And once a week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault to find a game that she thinks, hey, Bratz, play this game.
Put down your Bratz and play this game.
I'll whip you.
Whip it good.
And that's a pun because it ties into this classic game of the week.
Which pick Dark Soccer?
I picked Akuma Joe Dracula, as in the version specifically that came out on the Sharp X68000, which was re-released as Castlevania Chronicles.
But this one in particular was notable because the game, well, first of all, the original release date in Japan, which it only came out in Japan, was July 23rd, 1993.
And the X68000, as I've covered last year in our classic console, the games ran on floppies.
They were, you know, pretty much Capcom put a lot of games on them because they were pretty much arcade perfect.
But it was a really, really good system, good computer system.
So it was based off of the original Castlevania, which in return was also almost simultaneously released as the MSX2's Vampire Killer.
So they were all kind of the same game.
But it had a new engine that was designed to take full advantage of the Sharp X68000 software.
It was completely updated and all the stages were re-designed.
Brand new stages included.
All the special items, sub-weapons.
A rare item called the Laurel, which fills six health blocks for ten hearts.
And it also was really fucking hard.
I've played an emulated version of it. It was pretty hard.
You also have the hidden items, the different one-ups, all kinds of stuff in it.
It's a Castlevania game.
But it also did get harder the more you played it too.
It even had, you know, different things going on with it when the later editions came out with the Castlevania Chronicles included more goodies in it.
But I'm still focusing on the original.
So the musical of the X68000 also had new arrangements for a lot of the music.
Because one of the advantages that the X68000 had is that you could choose different sound modules.
So you could use the FM synthesizer, a MIDI roll in LA, and you could also use a MIDI roll in GS.
So it also had a hidden general MIDI module that was of course not in the re-release of Castlevania Chronicles.
And so the instrumentation would vary depending on which of the sound modules that you would use with it.
And I mean, it was just a really great game. Very fucking difficult.
But of course, it did get re-released all over the world later on as Castlevania Chronicles.
And it did include some other stuff.
Although in the Japanese version, unlike the English versions, the hardware selection screen would appear automatically when you played in original mode the same way it did on Akuma Joe Dracula for X68000.
You have to use a special code to get it on the American ones.
But it was, I mean, I was very happy that the game did get a re-release eventually because the X68000, I mean, it was number one only out in Japan.
Even getting one of those systems is super expensive.
And, you know, on top of it, it's just a really awesome game.
You know, one that a lot of people missed out on.
So is Castlevania Chronicles that different, or is it like, if I play Castlevania Chronicles, I'm pretty much playing?
Castlevania Chronicles does have the original version in it.
It also does have an arranged and updated version.
Oh, okay.
And I'm actually really sad because it needed more information for the original release of it, and sadly my normal resource doesn't have everything I needed.
But, because the Castlevania Chronicles is actually a full port, but it also did add some other features and an arranged mode.
But it's, just playing the original version of it, you'd get a really strong appreciation for just what a good, solid Castlevania game is.
And I feel like there's a lot in here too that is influenced back and forth.
Like the stage two that they're playing now, this looks very similar to a stage in Super Castlevania.
Like there's, I mean, obviously like every Castlevania game that was a side-scroller kind of has that same first stage with the white walls where you fight the bat at the end.
The first going into the castle.
Yeah, you get a lot of deviation in the games after that.
And like I noticed the stage two, the underground stage, there's a stage very similar to this in, complete with the falling rocks and everything that was in Super Castlevania IV.
So it's kind of interesting, you see, when Super Castlevania IV would have been around that same era, right?
Super Nintendo was what, 91, 92?
Yeah, this is 93.
Yeah, so clearly there's stuff that influenced each other in it. So just kind of neat.
I'm checking the Castlevania realm, which is another site they get a lot of Castlevania information from.
But this just has the character list on it. We play as Simon Belmont.
And I'm trying to get the producer and composer information on this one because the remake was produced by Igarashi.
But yeah, I'm not finding what I need on this one.
Sadly, and this is also what I get for thinking of it on the way here, but I mean the game when it came out, you want to know how big the game was?
2.4 megabytes.
Jeez.
Right?
That's nothing by today's standards, but then again also like Atari 2600 games were 4 kilobytes.
Here we go. Here's an interview with the developer. And that was Ueda Hideo of Konami was the developer of it.
And I love the box art for it. The original artwork has like the kind of western style artwork. You know how you got the behind the head view of Simon?
This is like the front view with the whip going out.
So the artwork is really awesome. This is actually a pretty good article. I read it a while back.
But it was talking about how they wanted to take advantage of the new stuff the X68000 could do to put out the game that they originally wanted to make.
And so it's just really awesome. And it also does offer differences for the other versions of the Sharp X systems.
Like the X68030 has a few other, has smoother animation in it for example.
So they actually put it out to where it would run fluidly on the multiple Sharp systems. So it's pretty neat.
Cool. There it is. Your classic game of the week. Akumajo Dracula for the X68000. But most of you probably just know it as Castlevania Chronicles.
Yeah and if you're playing Castlevania Chronicles you just should play Dracula X anyway.
Alright. There it is. Your classic game of the week. Thank you Darcy. I can never resist a good Castlevania game.
We've had a lot of them as classic games of the week but that's because they're all pretty good.
Yeah and the other one I picked that we had already done.
I know you're getting to that point. I'll just say when you sent me the text you said Salamander for the other one.
I was like did you know? That was episode 350. That means that was over 400 episodes ago that you picked that game.
But how are you going to remember that far back? Thank god we have the wiki.
And I was picking a game without the wiki to rely on.
I was quite literally in my car about to leave work and I was like oh here's a game. I don't think I've done this one.
I know I've done some of the others but I don't think I've done this one.
But thankfully they keep putting new ones out.
I'm just going to start doing classic pinball.
With our little 10 year rule more and more games become eligible.
Yeah I already got one for my next pick that I'm going to do.
Oh good. I have to think about that.
Whenever that is.
Usually it's easy for me because I just picked something from the Commodore 64 because she doesn't have that same attachment that I do.
You know what I played the most of on the Commodore 64? Centipede.
Okay good. Me too.
I want that fucking C64 Mini. In fact I need to see if they're up.
I know backers of their little whatever they did to Kickstarter or something.
We're getting those because somebody either posted on our Discord.
Shout out to the VoG Network Discord.
VoGnetwork.com slash Discord.
Somebody either posted there or on my Facebook. I don't remember where.
But Ashley is showing that the Mini is going out and it's getting reviews.
I fucking want one. They're awesome.
I tried to find you a real one.
Aww.
I tried.
My dad has one. He's tried to give it to me but it's been out in the garage for I don't know how long. It's not going to work.
Actually, Dan fixed my ColecoVision.
Really?
And he just took it apart, cleaned it up, did some new soldering to it.
Works great.
Maybe it will work. We'll see.
As long as the CRT works the components can be fixed.
And you can add your own games to it.
Yeah, that's true. Well, with the Minis I think you can do that too.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
So yeah, the Minis, the nice thing about the Minis is they have HDMI's.
So it's easier in that regard.
I'm still wanting a Vectrex.
I'd love to add a Vectrex to that.
Had one, wasn't worth it.
Alright, let's before we go over to the rest of the news from this week from Loki,
why don't we travel around the world and check out some release dates.
I don't know if you're ready for that, Loki.
Yeah, I've only got one so it should be easy.
So this week we've got a game called Penny Punching Princess on the Nintendo Switch and Vita.
That sounds amazing.
Sounds pretty amazing. What are you doing Penny Punching Princess?
I have no idea.
You punch pennies?
Or do you punch the princess?
That's not okay though.
She's a cheapskate.
Unless she's into that.
So that sadly, that's all we've got.
Wow.
I've only got two in the UK.
April is usually a pretty light month.
Japan's looking a little slow too.
I was going to say traveling over to Japan.
Watch Dogs 2 gets a price reduction on the Playstation 4.
So there's that.
And then you go over to the Nintendo Switch.
The Phantasy Star Online 2 Cloud.
That is out on April 4th.
So that's pretty exciting.
Why do we not have this?
Don't fucking get me started.
I'm so pressed about this.
You could make a panini.
I am so pressed.
That's really it though.
Yeah, it's a very big game.
But I had to look up this penny punching princess thing.
And it looks like these little princesses have these big iron fists.
And they punch monsters and coins fall out.
Oh, coins.
Yeah.
And then there's a calculator involved somehow I would assume.
With all the pennies that you're collecting.
So there you go.
Anyway, what about you Dark Soccer with Europe?
Two things.
Time Carnage on April 6th and The American Dream on April 6th.
Which looks like a bunch of violent Americans in the 50s with guns.
So that's it.
Alright.
Let's do a few more.
By the way, we're going to roll our mailbag over to next week.
So we'll be answering your emails live.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you want to send us an email for next week.
But we do have a few more news stories from Loki.
Yeah, we can talk about some quick stuff.
So the PlayStation VR bundle got a price drop this week.
I saw that.
$100 cheaper now.
I might finally have to jump in on that.
So you can get like the camera and everything.
I already have the camera.
I think though it's separate though.
I think you can get it without the camera and stuff and it's like $239.
So I don't know.
I'd have to check.
But I still need the move.
Well I guess you don't need it.
You probably want it.
They sell them in like two packs though.
I think you can probably buy them at GameStop and stuff.
In fact I was just checking right now to see how much they have like the PlayStation VR listed here.
If they got the standalone stuff or not.
I'm tempted. We'll see. We'll see.
But I might be buying some computer parts.
Like you know I've been looking at the show computer.
It's not so much because I've actually been talking to somebody about some upgrades for this.
But I'm looking at a complete sound overhaul.
Standalone suggests the headset itself $199.
Oh, that's tempting.
And then if you want like.
I think that might be.
Is that like. I can't.
Is that new.
That is new.
Yeah. Brand new. So $199.
OK.
Then you probably pick up a move for like $50.
And then the move. I think the move controllers.
I think they're like $50 or $60 bucks for two of them.
It's really inexpensive.
OK. Here we go.
Just sorry I'm bringing something.
While I'm doing that while that page is loading though I did want to say also PlayStation Plus.
They've announced what the games are going to be for April.
And it looks pretty awesome.
So the one big game that they got Mad Max is going to be free.
OK. Which is a pretty awesome game.
Also Trackmania Turbo if you don't have that yet which unfortunately I do.
And then also looks like I think this is one of the last months that we're going to get PlayStation 3 and Vita games.
But in Space we brawl for PS3 Toy Home on PS3.
Ninety nine VITAs.
I think it's VITAs.
On the Vita.
And Qbert reloaded on the Vita.
It's also it's also cross by with PlayStation.
That game is fucking terrible.
Just so you know.
But it's free.
It isn't even worth free.
Mad Max is worth free.
So definitely check out Mad Max if you guys get chance.
And then let's see.
So did this page load.
No it didn't.
Because GameStop's page fucking sucks.
Whatever.
All right. It's fine. It's not a big deal.
All right.
Any more stories.
Yeah.
I've got like tons of shit pulled up.
So let's.
This is something they'll be interested in.
Luminous Remastered.
For Switch.
Oh yes. Yes I did.
Thank you for bringing this up.
I did hear about this because it was part of the Nindies thing that they did.
Yeah.
While we were gone.
That was two weeks ago I think.
But it's fine.
Whatever.
But we should talk about it.
Yes.
So Luminous Remastered.
I'm so about.
Well it's not just on Switch.
I mean I'll probably get it there.
Yeah.
It's Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
Yeah.
But how would I not get it on Switch.
Exactly.
With the ability to do portable just like the old school one and you know dock it as
well.
Like it's.
It's.
It's hard now.
The Switch makes a really compelling argument when it's like the same price.
And it's portable on that system.
You know versus PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
As much as I love some of my games on those systems.
So.
Yeah.
And here's some of the things that they have in there.
So they've got you know new skins.
They had two new levels.
40 skins as well.
Different modes.
HD rumble effects.
So you can you know feel different stuff like that.
And of course trans vibration.
Yay.
And you could do it with like up to like 10 Switch controllers or something crazy like
that.
I didn't.
Yeah.
I don't see how many.
But yeah it's.
Yeah.
Like multiple Switch.
You could.
And I was like where would you put all those controllers.
Don't answer that.
What are you talking about.
Remember dark soccer.
Ain't as thing as possible.
I can't even.
How old are we.
12.
All right.
Almost 16.
Speaking of games coming to different systems.
The game that I don't know if anybody is really asking for this to come to the system but
it is anyways.
No Man's Sky coming the Xbox One.
At least you get it when it's better than it was when it launched.
You know.
I.
You know they.
Bless their hearts for still working on that game.
And they've still working on the game.
This is going to have you know all the features and all the release you know updates that
they've done so far.
And they're working on something called next No Man's Sky next which is their next step
and they're teasing it hard and they're not really seeing what it is teasing would be
excited.
Yes.
They're teasing it.
They're going to claim the moon you know but I don't know.
It's all right.
It's not it's not a terrible game to pick up but at least it's better than what I would
only buy it on Xbox One depending on the price and depending on I mean if you already have
it on PC or PlayStation 4 I don't understand why you would want to get it on Xbox One.
But I know some people out there are you know exclusively Microsoft in their house you know
and that's that's fine.
So this is a chance for them to get on board.
But you know again if the game's like twenty nine ninety nine you know like they've done a
lot of updates to it.
It's not the same game that people wrote off when it first came out.
So it's worth a look I think.
Yeah I mean I don't know what you're into if you're into the Minecraft.
I think it's that game is more like Minecraft than anything else.
I mean you don't build so much with the exploration and a lot of that same sensation.
I don't know at least that's what I get out of it.
But you know what if you want something like Minecraft you could play Minecraft.
You could.
I don't know I I think people are really harsh on no man's sky and I understand why but I
think a lot's changed in the past couple of years.
And if you haven't checked it out in a while it's worth looking at again.
And then to go along with that you know VR discount they just did the VR update for wipeout.
That's pretty close.
Oh yeah it's pretty close.
You know if zero that's the closest thing I'll get to have zero.
That seems like who that seems like that would almost be like like headache inducing that moving
that fast.
It would definitely be something.
Yeah I want to check that out kinda.
You're making a case I almost like God.
I just I need more shit in my living room.
It's fun for a while.
I know I know I know.
Wipeout is only best with an edgy con.
Well you can't get that on the PlayStation 4 I'm sorry to say.
Yeah so the PlayStation 4 is highly inferior.
And then I guess I guess I can talk about one more thing and that's Duke Nukem the movie happening.
John Cena is Duke Nukem.
OK I would watch it.
To see John Cena is Duke Nukem.
Whatever.
Whatever.
It's my bar for Duke Nukem the movie.
So low.
I mean it just can't get any lower after you know Duke Nukem forever.
So there is no way I can be disappointed by John Cena in a Duke Nukem movie.
It's impossible.
I mean who else would you cast right.
I guess it makes sense.
He does look the part.
He does have the square head.
And he has to do the hand in his face so that we know it's John Cena.
He's doing that whole pro wrestling to acting thing just like The Rock did.
It's hilarious.
He's like he's in the woods.
It's like there's like OK.
He's in that new movie The Cockblockers.
Yeah exactly.
He's so charismatic.
That movie Blockers or whatever which is probably a garbage movie.
I saw John Cena and I'm like I probably would watch that.
You know it's like he has got the charisma.
It's like what.
What are you going to do.
I mean it's probably an absolute shit movie.
But does he have the uniqueness nerve and talent.
I don't know.
I think that one sailed.
I try I try Jamie I tried.
All right.
So is that it for news for tonight.
Yeah sure why not.
All right.
Well it is a shorter news.
Oh you got one more.
No I've just been reading.
I finished a World of Warcraft novel.
Oh one of the Christie Golden books.
Yeah because I really love her writing.
And I was really pissed because I actually want more newer stuff and there aren't any newer books.
Which which book.
I finished war crimes.
OK.
And it was honestly because you keep in mind I didn't finish the pandaria stuff.
So it was actually kind of cool and I thought it was a really well-written book.
I really enjoy reading what she writes.
So and I want more and I'm kind of pissed off that there wasn't more because I wasn't interested in anything else.
Because the only book that came out after that was the Illidan novel and it was more of a backtracking.
It was a good book.
Right.
But I want more like current stuff.
OK. So one quick thing I was going to mention.
So they did.
There's some news regarding blood stain.
So they are talking about that they're never going to be announcing a release window pretty soon.
But they did announce their US or the English voice cast for it.
So let's see they've got Erica Lindbeck for the character Miriam.
And she was like persona five League of Legends Street Fighter five.
This guy you might recognize his name as the character Zangetsu David Hayter.
Hey.
Then you've got Ray Chase who does Gebel I guess.
And he was in Final Fantasy 15 as Noctis and Nier Automata.
Also looks like Ben Diskin who's that Jonas.
He was in looks like Halo 4 as Jared Miller and some of the Naruto games.
The coach man Fred.
Tap this gory and he's a soldier 76 in Overwatch.
Also a sarin artists in Mass Effect I guess.
Sirens are as my friend calls them saran wrap.
Freda Wolf who's Dominique.
She's in Mass Effect Andromeda Sarah Ryder and I didn't know there were this many characters in blood stain.
Yeah Gremory Carrie Walgreen.
She was in No More Heroes.
Also we've got Ann Arena Strober who's in Persona and Fire Emblem.
Who else Christopher Swindle.
I'm trying to see if there's any other recognizable names I see.
There's only two more here Robbie Belgrade who's in Castlevania Symphony at night as Alucard.
And he's also the announcer for Tekken so I mean that's kind of cool.
Oh wow I didn't know that.
And then finally we've got let's see Jamie Mortell.
I'm going to butcher his last name.
Mortellero and he's the director for the voice acting.
He did Silent Hill Shattered Memories Halo 4 and EverQuest 2.
Well I'm excited I'll finally get my Kickstarter pledge to get that free copy of Bloodstained.
Yeah they said there's going to be a beta backer demo that's going to be available June 2018 and announcing the release of the game.
So finally this year it sounds like.
Maybe.
Exciting.
Exciting times.
Alright well that is about going to do it for another episode of Orange Daunt Radio.
I know it was short this week but that's because we're a little unplugged a little off the record this week.
But we wanted to give you something to hold you over while we're on a little bit of a live break.
But we will be back live April the 8th with the next episode of our show and a full length show with your calls with your emails and with you in our chat at live.vog.net.com.
But as I do say at the end of every episode if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Daunt Radio please help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice but only if the voices are here to participate.
So a nice five star review on iTunes goes a long way or Google Play or wherever it is you found this show.
And then of course tell a friend or two that all helps that word of mouth is so so important.
And I think on that note it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura enjoy the movie tonight.
What's your final thought.
Yeah we're going to go see Pacific Rim 2 just because giant robots and kaiju.
And John Boyega is in it right.
Yeah the only thing that makes me a little bit iffy about it is because it's not done by Del Toro.
The last movie was so good.
I really think they should have been the Mako Mori movie but you know whatever.
I hear it's stupid but I also hear it's really action packed and awesome.
It's fun.
I mean but that was the first one too.
Get some popcorn.
The first one had Ron Perlman in it and I love anything.
I haven't actually seen the Hellboy movies which I want to.
But I love Ron Perlman.
I want to see the new one with the guy from Stranger Things.
He's like eh different guy than Ron Perlman I'm not sure if I can get on board with that.
And I was like OK I can get on board with that.
I didn't even know there was a new one but.
Yeah they're rebooting it.
Of course they're rebooting every fucking thing.
Of course.
Today was the 30th anniversary of Beetlejuice and they're talking about Beetlejuice 2 and.
No.
No.
No.
No they are talking about it I'm just saying no.
No.
But then they also.
The only one I'm interested in is Sheetaljuice.
Because that was Bianca Del Rio.
Right.
All right.
Let's see my final thought tonight.
I'm going to do a cheap plug for my other show Shaking and Crying.
Check it out.
Did you actually do your final thought or were you talking about mine.
We haven't got to Loki I was going to do him last.
So yeah.
Check out Shaking and Crying.
We just finished 10 episodes.
Double digits.
Woo.
I'm shaking and crying right now.
Internally.
Just thinking about it.
Internally.
Loki.
Last but not least.
Go see Ready Player One.
It's awesome.
And hopefully Rob will go see it with me again tomorrow.
All right.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will see you next week.
Back live on Sunday night.
Until then.
Bye bye.
And have a good week.
See you next week.
Bye.
Bye.
