20 years ago, the news reported on a scary arcade game that featured booty booty booty
bass music. A few songs on which featured backgrounds with animations showing syringes
and pills, including a sexy nurse, but also the word medicine overlaid multiple times.
The news was negative. Geeks were outraged. 20 years later, most of the world has been
stuck with syringes multiple times, some also taking a pill in addition. The irony hurts.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to continue reminiscing
and bring you gaming news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back once again and again and
again to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio
live once again for tonight, June the 26th of 2022, episode number 920 of our show. And
as you might've heard the week that we have turned 20 years old as a show, a show that
dated back to our very first episode, June 23rd of 2002, when as Jason referenced there
in the intro, we were talking about controversy in the Dance Dance Revolution scene from,
oh my gosh, syringes and pills being shown in a background video. Who could imagine it?
And here we are 20 years later and syringes and pills, no big deal. That's commonplace
during the pandemic. By we, I mean, of course, myself, Rob Roberts joined as always by my
co-hosts. Say hello first off to the one and only Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey, what's up? I'm wearing the shirt.
Or as you've been known to say on the show for a very long time, what's up bitches?
What's up bitches?
You kind of made that, you kind of made that little motion tonight. What's up bitches?
With your OL army shirt, which I love.
I think I got this maybe after our third year.
Yeah, you've had it a while.
Kristen and I went to a trip to San Francisco and we had shirts made.
I love it.
I'll show you the back of it.
And on the back for those on the podcast feed, it says Dark Sakura with the number zero on the back.
Yep.
What number would I be on the team? If you're zero, which one am I?
0.69.
0.69, I'll take it. And then of course, of course, I have to ask the one and only
tech master, Loki.
Which number he would be. Hi, Loki.
I don't know.
Loki would be R.
The number R.
How about I would say 20.
Do you know why I would say 20?
Because that was the episode number when Dark Sakura and I were like, you know what?
Loki's been here every single week.
We're just retconning him as a full host for the whole thing.
So that was that was episode 20 because, you know, OK, so I'm going to go back.
Let's go back to the back down memory lane, because we're going to be doing that a little bit tonight as we look back on 20 years of the show.
Is that way back on the very first episode of OLR, which, by the way, for those of you that listen here at VOG Network, because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, Twitch.TV slash VOG Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Bobby wasn't on tonight, but I'll come back to that in a minute.
But anyway, we said a long time ago on this show, originally it was just Dark Sakura and I were going to start this show because we were on another show that was on for a long time, over 10 years, called Undersedation Live.
Dark Sakura was a guest host, but it was kind of like Loki.
She was there like all the time.
So.
Going in for for Jessica.
Yeah, a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So so anyway, it was originally Dark Sakura and I.
But then the original vision of Orange Lounge Radio, and I've said this a lot, a lot, is that we all met playing Dance Dance Revolution at the arcade, and then we would go from the arcade to the little cafe that was in front of Rose Hill Golf Land.
And we would eat mozzarella sticks to just put back those calories we just lost playing DDR and talk a little smack about video games, but in a fun way, because we love video games.
And the original episodes of OLR, we're trying to kind of like invoke that same thing where we would have everybody over at the house.
We invited like a lot of DDR people over it.
Like if you go back and listen to the first episode of Orange Lounge Radio, which you can do at VOG Network, because last year for the 19th anniversary, we did a special show where we all listened and reacted to episode one, which is which and I think we all kind of walked away going, that wasn't as bad as we thought it would be.
So that was fun.
So that is in the archives over at VOG Network for subscribers.
So what were you gonna say, Jayden?
I said, no, it was a it was pretty decent, actually.
It wasn't as bad as cringe as I expected it to be.
It wasn't.
It really wasn't.
And first off, because, you know, we do like to say we're the show where every gamer has a voice.
I know the situation with the pandemic.
We're doing this virtually now.
And it's just kind of now we've been used to doing it this way for so long.
We kind of don't really get together in the same room anymore.
But I'm so thankful that all of you in chat are here to share these weeks with us, whether you're
here every single week, like Dark Tetsuya, I'm just going to I'm going to name names.
Dark Tetsuya has been here pretty much every single week since the very first episode.
He may have missed an episode here or there, but so is Dark Sakura.
So is Loki.
So so have I.
There was there were a couple of shows I wasn't even at.
So like, you know, we all missed a show here and there.
Dark Tetsuya has been there since the very beginning as well.
In our chat room.
So whether you're Dark Tetsuya or anybody else, if you're just I'm seeing so many names I haven't seen
in years tonight in chat.
So I just I really want to say thank you and show the love back.
And also I am just blown away.
I don't even know the word vocabulary.
I failed tonight.
One of my co-hosts has to help me is that you all are so generous.
Like we had a hype train level five before the show even went live.
And that's huge.
And I will I will read all your names and acknowledge you after the show.
For those that haven't been here in a while, because we're doing this on Twitch TV, we don't you really do it
like other Twitch channels because we're recording our podcast.
So we don't like to do that awkward stop every time someone donates and say, hey, Dark Sakura, thanks for the sub.
But we will acknowledge.
Please, please know we see you.
It's I'm looking at some of these bitty totals.
This is astounding. People are donating like a thousand bits, twenty seven hundred bits at a time.
The hype train, twenty four gifts and sorry, twenty four subs and six thousand four hundred and thirty bits.
That's screenshotted at four hundred and four percent huge.
I'm just like I I'm not going to cry tonight because I said I'm not going to fucking do it.
Do it. But your your generosity is amazing.
And thank you. You really have been the motivation to be here.
Throughout the shitty pandemic and everything else going on in the world, which I do need to call this out.
We are a video game podcast.
We talk about gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, but and we're celebrating tonight.
This is a huge celebration.
No other live Internet show that's weekly that we know of has gotten to 20 years, at least in the video game world.
Maybe some tech shows out there.
I just I can't follow everything.
But in the video game world, there's no like weekly Internet show that's gotten to 20 years.
So this is this is really historic.
And I'm saying that with all humility and humbleness that this is it's because of you guys.
And it's really that drive there.
And we're celebrating tonight.
But we is a night to do some horn tooting.
Yeah. Yeah, I know it is.
It is. But I'm going to be honest.
And you all know, I don't shy away from these topics.
We have a platform, even though it is a small platform.
And I need to use this platform to say what happened in this country on Friday from the Supreme Court is fucking bullshit.
And you can bold that, underline it, italicize it.
And although, yes, we're celebrating tonight and that's a huge part of what's in our hearts.
There's also a big part of our hearts that is very sad.
I am I am so sad for the women and people with uteruses in this country that are affected by this decision.
And you know what? We're all affected by this decision because we all have a wife or a sister or a niece or a cousin or a daughter or a mother, et cetera, et cetera.
We all have someone that is affected by this.
And I'm going to say this very bluntly.
If you haven't had an abortion, you know someone who has.
And this affects everything.
And yes, I am well aware.
Thank you for the five thousand messages directed at me that said they're coming for you next.
I'm well aware they're coming for all of us.
Clarence Thomas said it himself already.
Of course, you want to know who is also responsible for getting Clarence Thomas instated as a justice?
Our president.
Yeah, believe Anita Hill.
Yeah.
Anyway, I do want to try to keep the mood celebratory on our show, but it would be irresponsible of us to not say something about that situation and acknowledge that it's some bullshit.
There are a lot of funds out there that you can donate to.
The number one thing you can do is make noise and talk to people.
You have to remember there's another side of this argument that uses the imagery of dead babies to try to control people.
And that's what it is.
This is about control.
And when people don't even know science, when people say dead babies, that's what they're trying to do is use that horrific imagery to control you and ask anyone who understands what this argument is really about.
It is not about dead babies.
And I'm just going to leave it at that.
Like when you when you say that, you just tell me that you're only listening to shock imagery.
I'm sorry.
As the person on this podcast who owns a uterus, I would like to make a comment, please.
I'm going to go into a little bit of science on here.
Number one, there is not a heartbeat when people are saying their heartbeat.
It's electrical pulses.
There's no heart formed to beat.
Number two, an abortion provided during the first trimester typically is when the fetus is not large enough to require being physically pulled out of the body like they like they claim happen.
Most abortions happen during the first trimester.
One is given a pill, one passes the fetus and it hurts and it's terrible.
It is a pain that has it's pretty much on par.
Well, maybe not as bad as actual childbirth, but on par with the same pressures the body goes through, not to mention the hormonal imbalances after the fact.
And then on top of that, you know, say that you're somebody who is who's wanted this child, has carried it, and then you find out that the pregnancy isn't viable, that it could kill you.
And you have to make that decision.
People who have to make that, they're basically condemning many people to death over their religious opinion, which, first of all, bless the satanic temple, I'm sorry, the satanic temple for doing the right work, for going in guns blazing and calling out the religious violation.
And personal violations that this is doing, I love them to bits, I support them in what they do.
And you say this as a proud Jewish person.
I'm also a card carrying Satanist.
Yeah, no, I get it.
I get it.
Yeah.
Well, on top of that, they were actually formed by a Jewish person, just FYI.
Anyway, I want to say that every last one of you owes it to yourself to number one, educate yourself on what actually happens in an abortion.
Number two, also educate yourself on what happens during childbirth and what a uterus possessing person goes through.
On top of that, it's going to make it even harder for lower income women to, I'm going to say women generically in this sense, you know, to go seek out health care for things like endometriosis, which is already a bitch to get diagnosed.
I've had several friends not get their endo, what's the word I'm thinking of, diagnosis until they, you know, like eight, 10 years later.
And by that time they can't get pregnant because of the damage done to their bodies.
It's going to make it harder for people who wish to get sterilized to be sterilized.
I was lucky enough that I basically stood my ground when they tried to talk me out of it.
I'm like, it's my body.
I want the shit out.
And we live in California.
Yes.
It's this value that's only placed on women that your value is as an incubator.
And then we're going to go ahead and actually look at the other half of this.
What are they going to do when the child is born?
They're not going to want to support education.
They're not going to want to support the social programs that will help the majority
of low-income families support said children.
They're not going to want to provide them a college education.
And I'll tell you a big thing about that is, and this is why, I mean, if you look back in history,
why in some cases it was illegal for the, the quote lower class to seek an education,
because an educated population will make an educated decision.
Especially when it comes time to vote.
I think this is how they hold onto their power.
And we have to take that power back.
We need to get away from Republican and Democrat.
It's time to do something different.
The definition of madness is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
And right now, and I say this with all the respect to our allies,
but if you do not have a uterus and you are trying to claim some of this stuff as fact,
when you are incorrect, when your religion has no place in science or government, I don't care.
Shut the fuck up.
Go educate yourself and then come back with an opinion.
And then maybe we'll have a discussion.
And just, just to, to, on a note to end on with this, is that like,
I think the thing that pees me the most about this is that the people that are trying to shut
this down and you know it, you watch enough news, you see the people trying to shut this down and
you know it either have had or have been the reason for, in most cases, an abortion.
You know it.
You know that to be true.
And it's, it's this hypocrisy that is the most dangerous and deadly thing that
continues to go on in this country.
So look at that.
Oh, go ahead.
I'm even going to go beyond that.
And I'm going to say it's not just, we have the people in power providing their line,
even whether or not they actually believe it.
I'm going to, I'm going to throw that out there.
That is the hypocrisy behind it is that any of these rich politicians or anyone in the higher
brackets of income will still be able to go somewhere and get an abortion.
It's going to affect anyone, middle-class and lower income.
But the other half of this equation is the willful ignorance of the general population,
the people who believe them with this cult-like mentality.
And the moment that you try to introduce an idea that is contrary, and I'm actually thinking
of my mother when I say this, that is contrary to their internalized belief system.
They react like, like they're having some sort of mental breakdown.
That's the only way I can describe it that they become angry.
They become violent.
It's almost like, like this grieving, like they're starting to go into the denial part
of the, of the grieving process because a part of their belief is being attacked and
might die, you know?
And it has to be that we need to find a way to introduce education in so undeniable and
digestible of a way that they have no choice but to learn the truth.
And that's, we have a handful of people with archaic ideas that don't reflect the majority
of people in this country creating the decisions for the people in this country.
Anyway, we've just spent multiple minutes at the top of what is supposed to be our biggest
episode ever talking about this issue.
And I think this should show how serious it is, I would think.
So with that, we will put the soapbox back behind the curtain for the moment.
Anyhow, I do want to, of course, say hello to those of you that are in our chat room
over at twitch.tv slash vog network, where you're getting, or, you know, we're getting
a lot of cheers and support in chat for the soapbox that we are currently standing on.
But I do want to point out some of the other comments in chat.
Let's see, Pod Culture talking about the celebration and all that earlier says,
you will have to do it in person next year since the show will be old enough to drink.
You know, we would have loved to have done an in-person show this year.
I think the, just the, still the big question mark around the pandemic and everything has
made it difficult to plan.
I think it would have been very frustrating if we had tried to plan an in-person something
and then here comes an outbreak.
I mean, just earlier today I was playing, is it allergies or is it COVID?
Because I'm feeling a little bit eh.
Now I took a test and it appears the answer is it's allergies, but you just can't be
too sure right now.
It's a little wild.
Like you're playing the game.
What's the sniffle?
Yeah, exactly.
It's like, what was the game show?
Let's see what's behind door number one.
Exactly.
Is it COVID?
Door number two is the sinus infection.
Door number three, meningitis outbreak in Florida.
Like just the hilarity goes on these days.
Is it monkey pox?
That one was floating too.
I know, I know.
And then let's see, look at your treatment.
You choose box number two, nothing.
You get absolutely nothing.
You so stupid to quote UHF on Wheel of Fish.
Let's see.
Going back to our chat, let's see other comments that had or said, Rama said, OLR next year
can officially drink.
Yes.
Tyre Con chat says, OLR has been around long before podcasts existed.
Yeah, in a way, yeah.
And again, I don't know.
Long is a relative term, but podcasting, I know the first OLR to go edition was in like
December of 2004, January 2005.
It was early.
It was very early.
And I want to say podcasting kind of started probably around 2004.
It probably started the year before we jumped on with our to go edition.
Because the history is, yes, we were a live show on live 365.
Then as soon as podcasting was a thing, we jumped on that.
And then we kind of like merged the two shows together because when we were talking mostly
about music games on the live show, the music game scene kind of went through a drought.
And then we merged the shows and like not even six months later, Guitar Hero came out
and started a big resurgence of music games, but it's fine.
At my house.
Yeah, I love where the show has gone since then.
So there is that.
Oh, I love this.
Fanara in chat.
I love this.
Says OLR lasted five times longer than the Confederacy.
Yes, it has.
Yes, it has.
Amen to that.
Loki, I didn't even tie.
And so speaking of things from OLR's history, I usually ask what's playing behind you on
Twitch.
What is playing behind you on Twitch tonight?
It is a video they posted on the Orange Lounge Radio channel.
I don't know how long ago, 15 years ago, it was probably the last time our YouTube was
actually updated.
It's it's it's the historical press.
It's the historical preservation of the Grand Theft Auto modded death match games I used
to play.
Oh, God, years ago, you know, some of the best gaming moments ever.
It's a good video.
Unfortunately, unfortunately, they had patched that stuff out long ago.
But, you know, being experienced or being exposed to that for so long, maybe an even
better Grand Theft Auto player, because it's like, OK, well, you know, here we've been
playing with like nukes and just like rapid fire grenade launchers and stuff.
Now we have to contend with a shotgun.
I think I can handle that.
And so but it was a lot of fun.
If you want to see some OLR blasts from the past, like when we were on the news a couple
times, when we have some random ass E3 videos, Loki's video he's talking about now, Loki
drunk playing Mario Kart.
If you want to see all that, like check out the OLR YouTube channel.
It's just Orange Lounge Radio on YouTube.
You can see a lot of crazy shit there.
It's it's pretty rough.
I'm pulling something out of this bag.
All right.
Can I get a comment from chat?
Oh, that's when we were in the paper.
That is the old.
Is that the old place Loki and I lived at?
Yeah, it is.
Yes, it is.
So wild.
That is so wild.
Yep.
That's nice standing up there.
I didn't laminate mine, so mine kind of fell apart.
And this isn't really laminated.
It did yellow out a little bit.
I just had this like binder thing that I kept it in forever and it never.
Look at that.
I think that's.
Oh, that's is that Travis?
No, that's somebody else.
I think it's somebody else.
Yeah, that's some dude that there's a guy.
Like, was it about bicycling or something like that?
So the caption on here, Orange Lounge Radio Dance Dance Revolution is a video game in
which players dance on the touch pad to the beat of the music.
Orange Lounge Radio podcast dance music and commentary by podcast creators Matt, Rob and
me.
Oh, my gosh.
It had my unmarried name.
Oh, wow.
I had to literally stop and think about what that name is.
But anyway.
Well, you remember I used to get Jessica's former fiance's mail.
No, I know.
I know.
I want to get this comment from chat because I think this is from a blast from the past
listener KevBZ3 in our chat.
If I'm not mistaking, that is the artist formerly known as DDR Kevin.
So hello and great to see you tonight in chat says it's pretty interesting how the whole
live to podcast to live trend kind of played out over the last 20 years with the advancement
of various platforms over the time span.
This is so true, Bestie, as the kids would say today.
It is fascinating how that live to podcast to live because you may or may not recall
there was a year or two.
It was around the time Final Fantasy 13 was new.
It was probably 2006, 2007 when we were broadcasting this show on Justin TV.
And it wasn't really a blip.
And Bobby had his Friday night gaming show, and he was being told who wants to watch other
people play video games while you do a podcast.
And it isn't that fascinating that now it's the norm.
I'm not trying to like toot our own horn about being like ahead of the curve or whatever,
maybe a little bit, but it does go to show you that generally because I bet we weren't
the only only people in the entire universe either.
You know, many people mentioned they found us through all games, and there were a lot
of people on that network back in the day who are doing very similar things.
So this was a path we forged as indie creators.
So the indie folks really were the trendsetters here, and it wasn't until IGN or whatever
started doing it that it got really cool, I guess.
So there's that.
But yeah, it's wild.
I have other questions that we get asked a lot.
I'm going to get to in a moment, but I have a couple other things I need to get to first.
I have a lot of announcements and things tonight.
OK, so number one, I mentioned that Bobby Black Wolf was not here tonight.
However, Bobby has sent us a special message.
I'm going to apologize to my co-host because the way this show is wired, you're not going
to be able to hear this as the audience does, but I'll recap here at the end.
So I apologize.
So let's go to a special pre-taped message from our pal Bobby Black Wolf.
Hello, OLR.
It's Bobby Black Wolf.
Sorry I couldn't be there live tonight on your 20th anniversary.
I really wanted to be there.
I really wanted to be in Sacramento, but instead I'm in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Bloomington,
actually, for Summer Games Done Quick 2022.
I am hosting Summer Games Done Quick this year.
I'm going to be hosting early Monday morning as well as Tuesday afternoon.
Check gamesdonequick.com for the schedule for that.
But I wanted to make something and even show you a little bit of what Games Done Quick
looks like when you're not looking at it from their official Twitch stream.
That's what I'm running here.
I'm going to be taking more videos during the week, and I should be back next week so
I can delay OLR's start.
But happy birthday, OLR.
I did not delay your start tonight.
You were able to start on time for your 20th anniversary.
Thank you so much for being a friend to me.
And y'all are the reason that I'm still doing this and probably why I'm here at SGDQ.
It's because I continued doing the podcast with y'all and being your lead-in, being
your opening band for the past 15, 16 years.
And hopefully we'll be doing it for much longer.
So thank you, OLR.
Congratulations on 20 years on the air.
Well, thank you so much for that, Bobby.
Appreciate it.
And you know we don't consider you an opening act.
We consider you a co-headliner.
So congratulations on going back to Summer Games Done Quick.
I know you guys couldn't hear the audio, but you could probably see the video.
And obviously he's showing a little bit of what Summer Games looks like when it's not
on Twitch, like what it actually looks like there in person.
And boy, you can see the precautions they're taking this year.
Like everything is spaced out.
That arcade, that was wild.
But I mean, I'm glad they're taking it seriously.
And I'm glad they're allowing people that are even, because my understanding is there's
quite a few immunocompromised people that are either involved with Games Done Quick
or are speedrunners or a variety of those things.
So it's really great that while there's a lot of people that are just like, eh, COVID's
done with, it's really great that they are still like going above and beyond and taking
those precautions.
And it's how nice to have something like that back.
So Bobby will definitely be watching, not just when you are doing donations, but I'm
sure throughout the week as well.
That'll be really cool.
So thank you for that message.
Really appreciate that.
OK, I have another kind of special-ish announcement.
And the interesting thing about this is that it is actually nothing that myself, Dark Sakura,
or Loki did.
So it's a special little treat for Orange Lounge Radio's 20th anniversary.
And this is something that Dark Tetsuya actually put together.
I think he had a lot of help with this.
I don't know all of the people that helped with this, but it is a new website.
And if you want to get to this website, it's bit.ly.
So that traditional URL shortener, bit.ly slash o-l-r-cive and the number two, because
o-l-r-cive one was gone, the skydrive or whatever folded.
So o-l-r-cive two is a new archive of Blast from the Past of the show.
If you want to go back and listen to episode one, you can do that.
It's here for you.
In fact, he actually even broke it up into seasons.
I believe this is just about every single live episode of the show we ever did is here.
And I'll come back to this in a minute because there's another exciting thing here too.
And then even some of the specials, I didn't even remember we did a Christmas special in
2007.
There was the roast to Travis and whatever.
The best April Fool's joke we ever did, the giggling lesbian gaming show is here.
You can get all of it.
It's all on the o-l-r-cive.
I am going to give the usual disclaimer that I give when it comes to Orange Launch Radio
old shit.
This is a 20 year old show and the humor and the jokes and the catch phrases that we may
have said back in 2002 would not necessarily be things we would say today.
I hope you all know that, but you and I both know that there are haters out there in the
world that would love nothing more than to crawl through these archives and look for
something where maybe I repeated hot T word mess because I heard it on an episode of Project
Runway and thought it was funny.
And I didn't realize until a few years ago, it actually isn't funny to a large group of
people.
So I stopped saying that.
So I just want to kind of put that out there as the general disclaimer when it comes to
old shit.
Please treat it like it is old shit.
But thank you very much to Dark Tits, I almost said Dark Soccer.
Well, thank you to Dark Soccer for being a part of those shows.
Thank you to Dark Tits for putting that all together.
Now, here's the part where it gets wild.
Not only to Dark Tits put together that whole archive of shows, but last year we went back
and listened to episode one of Orange Launch Radio.
And there was kind of a joke that was being said that, oh, maybe next year you should
go back and listen to episode two.
And the answer was we can't because the recording of episode two was so fucked up.
It has popping all over the place.
It has just all this, like the MP3 is broken and it is unlistenable.
Well, guess what?
If you go to the new oil archive, which I hope somebody's put that URL in chat by now,
you're going to notice in season one, this episode two is the 2022 remastered version.
Dark Tits Suya went through that entire episode, three hour episode, cut out every single pop
and adjusted the pitch to make it coherent.
It is a little rough on the ears still because it's a little garbled, but you can still
at least understand what we're saying.
And I am just impressed at the fact that that is that is like, do you remember in
returns the best Batman movie when the penguin went through all the shredded documents that
that Shrek did and he held them up and he said a whole lot of patience will get you
a long way.
And he like had the whole things all stitched back together that had been through the shredder.
It's very that so kudos to Dark Tits Suya, our very own penguin here at Orange Lounge
Radio for putting that whole thing back together.
That is more than impressive.
And I want to say thank you for that.
And Dark Tits Suya says you have no idea how long that took me.
I can guess that is that is wild, wild, wild.
And G.G. Rama is going, bro, I would have helped you on that.
Good shit, man.
Good shit.
So, yeah, but that is that is a little gift from the community to us and the community.
And honestly, Dark Soccer, Loki and I can really sit here and say we had nothing to
do with that.
They did nothing.
It's a secret to everyone.
Yeah, it was a secret to everyone, no, I mean, he clued us in about a month ago.
He was working on it, but I didn't know he well, because you don't really all our forms,
but that's all right.
Yeah, I know you have the forms.
No, that we have that secret of our form, but it doesn't matter.
So, you know, I actually I couldn't get into it.
I know you were having problems.
It's fine.
It's whatever.
But oh, whoops.
Now I just let out a big secret.
Now people in shadow like the forums are still active.
No, no, they're gone.
There's nothing for you to see there.
We have a 20 year confession time.
We have a hidden forum.
That's why they're still up at all, where we still collaborate on what's going to be
on the show every week.
So it's so we can like story dump our stories and all that good stuff.
So that's the only email Rob that shit.
All right.
So moving on into our kickoff topic tonight, which usually we would tackle a topic in
the gaming industry.
But tonight I thought, eh, you know what the big headline is tonight?
We're turning 20.
So let's make the kickoff topic about us.
So we'll talk about Gamescom or some of this other stuff later.
Let's talk about us a little bit.
And I would like to go through and talk a little bit as we reflect.
We like to raise a toast to me.
I love that.
Yes, I'd like to.
What is the thing you and Dan always say?
I'd like to raise a toast to ourselves and who's like us, damn few.
Oh, no, that's not us that came up with that.
Oh, I thought it's like who's like us, damn few.
And they're all dead.
Okay, that's it.
All right.
So I thought maybe to go back on 20 years of OLR, I have assembled a list of questions
tonight that are the most common questions we get having a 20 year old podcast.
And I thought we could go through and answer them.
So y'all ready for some Q&A?
Y'all ready?
All right.
So the first question I'd like to go over tonight is what's the secret to keeping a
show or podcast going for 20 years?
So what's the secret to keeping this shit up for 20 years?
Routine and unwilling to change your routine, I guess.
Can you elaborate on that?
Like, what do you mean by like unwilling to change routine?
Because like, this is what I do every Sunday.
So I don't know what I guess I'd play more Minecraft if it wasn't doing this.
But yeah, before that, you know, it this is just what I do every Sunday.
So it's, you know, it's routine at this point.
Dark Sakura?
Make it a routine.
I have no idea.
I can speak to a diet like this.
Being stubborn?
I think actually, as much as you may say that tongue in cheek, I think there's definitely
some truth in this to that.
I think stubbornness.
There's a lot of, not a lot, but there's memorable people out there that hoped this
show would fail.
There are people out there that will still try to discredit this show as whatever it
is, I'm sure.
Let me know so I can kick him in the teeth or something.
Well, you know, back in the DDR days, there were certain people in the community that
didn't like us for whatever reason.
Yeah, but we're still here and they're not.
Bingo, bingo.
So one of the biggest haters I can think of worked in the game industry for a little while.
And then as far as I know, isn't anymore.
So it's just something that's just interesting.
Spite.
Spite motivates me.
Yeah.
Spite is a huge motivator, to be honest.
And actually it is a good bit of spite on my part, because as Questbuster just said,
success is the best revenge in a way.
Yeah, it is.
I mean, this show is going to have to end someday and I don't want it to be seen as
a failure when it does.
But the fact that Loki's kids are going to take it over and they're too lazy for that.
I don't think it's going to happen.
The fact that we've gotten to this point and really achieve something that no other show
has, well, I shouldn't say show, but like no other video game related Internet show
or whatever has, is huge.
And even to, you know, there is a club of shows out there that have gone past 10 years.
You know, Bobby's in that.
And that is no small achievement.
Hell, shit, getting past one year is a huge achievement.
And all of that is to be celebrated, whether Spite got you there or what it is.
My answer would be pretty similar to Loki, though, is that when you make it part of your
routine, and it's tricky because you don't want your show to be a job, but you do want
to treat it like a valued hobby.
And I would say to many people, that's church, you know, and many people make church their
thing that they do every Sunday and they get up and they do it.
So in a way, OLR is like church.
And I don't, I don't mean to, especially in light of the things we were talking about
earlier in the show, I don't want to make it sound like sacrilegious or that this is
the replacement for that.
It is not.
But just that that is like the mentality of this, if that makes sense.
So what you're saying is we need to file for a tax exempt status as a church.
I'm reading you.
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
So let's see.
Looking at some other comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, Tigerthon
chat says having stuff to talk about every week, even during times when there was no
news, you always find something to talk about.
Well, you guys were a huge part of that.
And without sucking up too much, I do want to say, I think the choice for us to have
a live chat ever since the first day, keep that in mind, we were on IRC ever since the
first day, we've always had a live chat and a audience element.
We were taking calls via Skype.
I'm convinced I can't claim this in good faith.
I'm convinced no other show, none, took live calls via Skype before we did.
I am confident we were the first, but unfortunately, I can't prove it.
Maybe the SOL Archive will help.
I have to dig up.
Wait, it's likely.
Yeah, it's very likely.
And again, I'm not trying to toot our own horn.
Indies did pave the way, but I'm just trying to say that that element and that freshness,
that unsurprisingly, or that surprisingness that all that listener elements, I think really
have kept us on our toes.
And what TigerClaw said has allowed there to be something to talk about on this show
when it feels like there's nothing else to talk about because there's always community.
There's always what's going on in our brains and in our hearts.
Or as you heard earlier in the show, what's going on in the real world that's affecting
us that because we're a family of sorts that have been together in similarity with church,
we're a family of sorts that have been together the last 20 years.
There are things in the real world that affect us as well.
That sometimes we have to get off our chest before we get to the games.
It's all a part of it.
So let's see.
Looking at some other class, Sean 322 in chat says routine is a good answer.
Sunday nights are known for The Simpsons and OLR.
Hey, there's something that's longer than this show.
The Simpsons run on TV.
We can't beat that.
We sure can't.
We just have more episodes on them, though.
Oh, yeah.
Have we?
Yeah, we do.
By a lot.
Yeah.
A normal TV show or whatever puts out only about, what, 23 episodes a year, and we've
done closer to 45.
I mean, you would think with 52 weeks in a year, we should be past episode 1000.
And I said this when another podcast crossed that threshold of 1000.
Well, that's a huge achievement, and I'm not going to yuck someone's yum.
But they do multiple episodes a week sometimes.
And during E3, I think they did a ton of them.
So I mean, that's great.
But that's still a huge achievement.
1000 episodes.
We do take a week off here and there.
So we haven't been 1000 weeks in a row.
But real life happens.
Yeah.
We've never missed more than two weeks in a row.
And it takes a bit like when my mom passed, we missed two weeks in a row.
That was, you know, and there's been a couple other instances.
But otherwise, I would say we've always gotten at least two episodes out in a month.
Always.
So there's that, if nothing else.
Salvelus in chat says, 20 years old, still a twink.
Yeah, there's that.
There's that.
All right, let's get to the next question.
Next question is, what's been the biggest story in the past 20 years?
We've covered a lot of stories.
Remember, these are the most common questions we get.
We've covered a lot of stuff here on OLR.
What's been the biggest story in the past 20 years?
Loki?
Of course, come to me first.
Like, I don't know.
There's like so much.
Where do you even choose?
I would say probably.
I don't know.
Gosh, if I'm going to have to pick something, I would say.
The announcement of Bungee Ferret talk scene.
That was a pretty amazing story that didn't get covered by the mainstream media.
No, but I love that answer, because those little OLR cameos in other video games have
been quite the treat for us and quite the reward that even.
And yes, there's been those times where the three of us are extraordinarily frustrated
that we didn't get bigger.
We're not more well known.
And that's OK.
I made peace with that a long time ago myself, because I also realized I don't have the time
that a show needs to really work on that social networking presence to get the show as well
known as it probably needs to be.
I think people that are very well known, it's usually their jobs or something they've been
able to dedicate a lot more time to than I've been able to.
And that's OK.
But those little things like somebody made a text adventure game.
That was the very first one way back in the day.
It was a text adventure OLR game.
And then, of course, YYRS Bungee Ferret tossing was huge.
And then the little cameos that certain unnamed people.
I can't tell you who they are, but it lets you know you got friends in high places.
When we showed up in like the Namco Museum on PlayStation 3, and I just talked about
this like four weeks ago on the show.
But as a reminder, because we have some folks who have been here for a while on the PlayStation
3 of Namco Museum, when you boot up the game, it shows you a sample high score table.
And the high score table says Dark Sakura Sky, which was the name I went by for a long
time, Loki.
And then I think it's like Tangle or something.
They couldn't use Tingle, but they were trying to make a joke of Loki as Tingle as a lot
of people have over the years.
So it was like Tangle or something else like that.
So and that's in a game.
And there was a game on the Wii, an RPG on the Wii.
And I can't remember that it started with an O.
Apuna?
Was that the game?
Yes, it was Apuna.
Our logo is in it.
It doesn't say OLR.
Do you remember the old, old OLR logo?
It's not one we use anymore because it was designed by my ex.
And this is before Jamie had her degree.
It was that little orange looking thing with the stem.
I think it's still on our website because our website's that old.
But that little thing that's in the Apuna game.
So it's very subtle little things like that.
So and that's amazing.
So thank you.
Thank you for that.
So yeah, the gamer tag.
Yeah, yeah.
Def says the gamer tag for OLR.
That was pretty incredible as well.
So and that was because of our relationship with all games and the great years we had
there.
And it also goes to show together we are stronger and can leverage things like that.
So that's all good memories.
So yeah, I think for us personally, over the last 20 years, yeah, little cameos in video
games and in the industry have really shown that we've made it in a weird way.
So thank you for that.
Dark Soccer, do you want to tackle the question?
What's been the biggest story of the past 20 years for you?
The most common questions we get?
I don't know.
I mean, there's been like so many actually big stories that I can't really put a finger
on a single one.
But I reckon for me, like the thing that I guess for something I guess that would have
happened would have been.
The the just the various like news coverage, maybe the president cat thing.
Oh, yeah, when that happened, that was the one time we did kind of break through a little
bit and we all were tweeting the president cat company trying to get that game, which
was never called.
We gave it that name.
Jamie gave it that name because she was like, this name kind of translates to this.
I said that it was sort of like and I meant president as in a president of a company or
and everyone was like President Cat.
And I'm like, it's not quite what that means.
That's all right.
That's all right.
But it caught on.
It was, you know, because that was that was the same year Obama got elected the first
time.
It must have been 2008, right?
So it was the same year he got elected the first time because I remember people were
making the posters that look like his and everything that had President Cat on it.
So, yeah, that was pretty, pretty stunning.
I've had a little time to think about this question, so I'll give you an answer here.
I've got it's really hard for me to not give two and I'll explain why.
So my first answer, I would say the biggest story of the past 20 years is probably the
launch of Xbox Live and that.
But the thing is, Xbox Live launched six months after this show did.
November of 2002 is when Xbox Live started.
So it's been interesting because we've been able to, like, follow that through the
years and see how that has changed gaming's culture.
Xbox Live and the online play and the voice chat has really changed gaming culture.
And I would say evolutions of that, which would be like Discord, quite frankly, are
things that we relied on during the pandemic to keep us gamers connected.
We've always lamented the deaths of arcades here on this show.
Well, in 2020, arcades weren't an option.
So it was because of technology that Xbox Live, I think, started or really made mainstream.
I mean, some would argue that computer chat clients like Ventrilo or whatever that predate
that.
But I would argue that Xbox Live made it mainstream because it put it on consoles for
the first time.
And I think Xbox Live is probably the biggest thing that's happened in the last 20 years,
to be honest.
So that would be that.
But since that is sort of around the same time we started, I would say the other one
that was definitely something we saw the beginning, the middle and the continuation of, I
would say the biggest story in gaming in the last 20 years was the launch of Pokemon Go.
I think.
And the reason why I say that is that we all remember the summer of 2016.
We all remember.
For some people and some conspiracy theorists, that was the summer before the world ended.
And now we're in an alternate universe desperate to get back.
And I think Pokemon Go was a huge part of that because our generation grew up as kids
pretending, you know, maybe those of us here behind the mics right now were maybe a little
more college age.
But we still come from a generation that was like, you know what, mom, I'm going to leave
the house for an hour.
I'm going out to hunt some Pokemon.
And that became a reality in 2016.
And I think as well, I think the other thing of that is that it really legitimized mobile
phone gaming, which I think up until that point, most people were writing off mobile
gaming, including me most of the time, as a bunch of crap because a lot of it was a
bunch of crap.
Or it was stuff where they were trying to force things like, say, a Sonic 2 port or
so.
I don't know why I'm picking on that, but I am a Sonic 2 port that's playable on iPhone
and Android that kind of blows because they try to make a traditional controller work
with a touch controller and it doesn't work.
But Pokemon Go was designed not just with touch controls and that sort of thing in mind,
but to use your location in the real world to pinpoint and really be the first real AR
gaming in the world.
I think that was a huge moment for video games.
And as much as folks joke about Pokemon Go as a dead game, and we even have a story coming
up on it later tonight, I still think it's earned its place in the history books because
if nothing else, that summer we all needed it and we all loved it and we all experienced
that.
And mobile phone gaming broke through like it never had before, as had AR gaming.
So that's my take on the biggest story of the last 20 years.
Okay, let's go to the next question.
What's been your favorite video game of the last 20 years, but besides DDR and Bimani,
because that would be too easy considering that is where this show started.
So what has been your favorite video game of the last 20 years besides DDR and Bimani
type of stuff?
I'll start with this one.
It's actually a tricky one, but I think at the end of the day, I'm going to say Mass
Effect 3.
It would be series, isn't it?
So then just Mass Effect series?
Yeah, because that's really what it is.
It's the Mass Effect series.
The reason why I call out 3 in particular was that the multiplayer put so many more
hours in it, and I didn't hate the story the way the internet did, although I get it, you
know, and all that stuff.
I get why people were upset with it.
And yeah, again, versus Mass Effect 2 even, but just the whole trilogy is really what
it is for me.
And I think that was just the game that I played where I was like, God, I'm so attached
to these characters.
I'm so captured by this game and this experience, and it had that and getting to kill aliens
with friends online and that whole mode and that.
And I think I just got so many good hours out of that.
I mean, yeah, I probably sunk more hours and like Final Fantasy 14 or maybe even World
of Warcraft, really, if we're talking the last 20 years, I probably sunk more hours
in those games.
But I think just overall, when I walked away from the experience going, wow, that was a
video game I was really happy to play, and that was a fucking great video game, I think
was the Mass Effect series.
A close second, Journey, which we just talked about a couple of weeks on the show when Dark
Soccer picked it for the Classic Game of the Week.
I think Journey on the PlayStation 3 is a very close runner up.
To my co-host, Dark Soccer, favorite video game of the last 20 years, not DDR?
I'm going to go with the Mass Effect series and I'm going to go with Dead by Daylight.
I mean, those are just the biggest two off the top of everything.
But I mean, honestly, if I was going to go for something more overall, I would also just
throw in like the whole Beatmania series, like five key Beatmania, because that's kind
of what got me started back in on the path was playing BM98 back in 98 before there was
an Orange Lounge radio, before I had moved to the state.
Right.
Well, if it wasn't for those games, we would know each other.
And that's the simplest that really.
Yeah, I wouldn't have been shaking my butt on Para Para the first day we hung out.
Yeah.
All right, Loki, what about you?
What's been your favorite video game of the last 20 years?
If I had to pick which game I had the most fun in outside of DDR.
It's going to be Grand Theft Auto four.
I had a feeling for sure that it's by far the most fun I've had in a video game.
Close second would have to be Minecraft.
And then probably after that, I would say.
Like Skyrim, probably.
Oh, OK.
It's a good answer.
Yeah, lots of multiple games.
Yep, that is the key.
I love it.
Let's go to chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
E3VL says Persona 5 Royal.
Savalus says Flappy Bird.
I think that might be a little bit tongue in cheek, but you know, you want to talk about
mobile games that really stopped the world for a hot minute.
That would be there.
Bonds 006 kind of left a whole list, but it started with Rock Band.
That's a clever way around the DDR Bamani rule.
Dark Tetsuya says La Mulana.
No surprise here.
I know you love that game.
I know you love it.
Some of the comments on biggest stories of the past 20 years as well, because I didn't
read from that.
Savalus says Leroy Jenkins.
You know what?
I'm pretty sure the biggest meme of the 20 years.
Yeah, Savalus is probably trolling a little bit, which by the way, is Grandpa from Hoard
House, who also said the biggest news story of the last 20 years was when Hoard House
launched.
So hi, Grandpa.
But memes are a huge part of gaming culture now.
And I would say Leroy Jenkins was one of the first.
I don't think you could say the first, but one of the first that just caught on, you
know, that and YouTube's launch kind of was the perfect storm of a meme, you know?
So I'll even say this.
I will, at regular intervals, find a survivor with Jenkins in their name.
In Dead by Daylight.
I love that.
Let's see.
SheHulk10 saying, I thought Loki played Saints Row and GTA 4 the most.
I would imagine Saints Row is somewhere in your list of like top 10 at least.
Yeah, it's like top 10 for sure.
For sure.
All right, let's get to some more questions.
I have two more questions.
Two more questions.
Let's get to the next one.
Next one is what advice do you remember?
These are the most common questions we get.
And I know I get this one at least once a year.
What advice do you have for people wanting to start a new podcast or if you will, because
that's kind of where it's going these days, a new stream or YouTube?
And this is something, you know, Loki does YouTube, Dark Sakura streams, as do I on the
side outside of OLR.
And of course, collectively, we do a podcast.
What advice do you have for people wanting to start a new podcast?
Does anyone want to jump in and go first?
I will start because I literally gave advice to somebody on Thursday.
Okay.
Who actually already has an amazing Twitch channel.
It's the Elk Grove Pinball Twitch.
Oh, sure.
But he is wondering why he couldn't set up, you know, subs or anything, and it's because
he hadn't fit the requirements for affiliate yet.
Right.
And so I was like, the key, I think, to making it as a streamer or podcaster or, or any
of these things is to be consistent and to have your niche and to have something that
you're offering that no one else really has, or a flavor of something that people enjoy.
I mean, I think, I don't know if this is right.
I think that the followers that I have like to hear me complain during the match and then
be all sweetness and sunshine in the endgame chat, you know, or just, you know, trying
to do things in hard mode with, you know, this thumb track ball controller.
Or, you know, you just got to do something that's a little bit different than what everybody
else is doing.
And you have to be consistent.
The consistency is the best part.
And on top of that, you kind of have to be a little bit annoying.
You got to pimp yourself out, you know, that's why every time I go live, even though our
orange lounge thing reposts it, I post it.
I post again halfway through.
I do an announcement on my discord.
I get, you got to be able to shout your own name out to expect other people to also shout
it out too.
And yeah, and like Ron-Chan says, you have to have a love for it.
You have to, you have to, it has to be something that you got to put your heart into.
It's like, you know, when I was getting really burned on playing Dead by Daylight all the
time, you know, because it's not super rewarding to always play killer.
I would, that's when I brought about my classic SNES RPG two days a week, especially because
it's easier to do when I'm just getting off of work.
But, you know, which I put aside during the Dead by Daylight anniversary.
And then I also think that having those special one-offs are also good because they keep things
exciting.
They add a little bit more to your formula.
They're special.
That's why I do like a subathon or a follow-a-thon like every few months or so.
Um, and also I think that it really helps for you to also find a cause to support.
Um, like I'm planning on doing, um, a charity stream down the line once I figure out how
I want to handle it.
But I also think that I'm not saying use someone else's cause as a platform for yourself, but
I mean, get involved in the community and causes that you care about and you get other
people to get involved with you.
So being a force for good in your community is a great thing to do as well.
I mean, again, I'm not saying be, be kind for exposure.
That is not at all what I'm saying, but I'm saying get yourself involved, be someone who
gets involved in the community around you.
Um, I think you've said, oh, of course you've said a lot of excellent points with streaming.
The only thing I would really add to that is that, um, it can be very frustrating sometimes
when it feels like no one is watching.
And if you want to be successful on Twitch, you have to get used to the fact that nobody's
going to be watching for a little while and you still have to be able to put on a show
for nobody.
And I know that sounds difficult, but keep in mind your viewer count only updates once
every five minutes.
You don't know when someone's dropping in just because they happen to come up on the
recommended or something's going on there.
So you always, yeah, you always want to act like if nothing else, you've got the camera
watching.
And even when it seems like I'm sitting here talking to myself, you know what, tell us
what's going on in your brain.
Tell us about the decisions you're making in the game.
Tell us why you're doing the things you do.
Tell us, you know, it doesn't always have to be like you have an agenda of topics and
things like that.
Just give us some insight to the game that you're playing and that your reactions, your
thoughts and so forth.
It goes a long way.
And when that personality shines through, that's what makes people click the follow
button.
And I think, you know, and to kind of go back to podcasting a little bit, the only thing
I'd add, because I think you nailed it, with consistency, you have to stick with it.
And the minute you start making excuses, you know what, I'm going to cancel my stream
tonight because I got to fart.
Like when you start canceling things for stupid reasons, you're just letting it go.
And so you've got to stick with it.
And that's why a schedule, I don't make a streaming schedule, but a schedule is very
important for many people.
I do have a streaming schedule for this, and that's kept for 20 years.
And then the last thing I would add to that, you have to have an enthusiasm for what you're
doing.
And I don't mean, hi everybody, hi gay, welcome to Pride Month here at Orange Lounge
Radio.
I'm not saying you have to have that kind of over enthusiastic type of tone.
I'm just saying you have to enjoy what you're doing because when podcasts really blew up
when iTunes first launched podcasting and lots of people started doing them, you know
there were those podcasts that were like, oh, this was so, if you want to go back to
Horde House, there were so many World of Warcraft podcasts where you would download them
and be like, this fucking game, this fucking game sucks.
You know, you just play in this game, these changes that they're doing, they suck.
This whole expansion is terrible.
And I don't know, these quests are so lame.
We were doing this raid and the boss was, man, does anyone even test this fucking game?
It's so, what is the product that you're putting out?
You're not being edgy.
You're being pathetic.
Because you are, and the reason why I'm saying it, like a true friend is going to tell you
this fact because you're advertising, we're doing a show about gaming and then you're
sitting there just shitting on games the entire time.
That doesn't mean you can't be critical, especially constructively of games.
I like to think that's what we do here at OLR all the time.
And I know Loki gets a lot of shit sometimes from listeners because of Nintendo.
I'm always constructive.
But you do, and here we go, y'all ready for me to use a tired analogy?
Cause I'm gonna do it one more time for the 20th.
It's when Tyra Banks yelled at that supermodel on America's Next Top Model.
We were rooting for you.
We were all rooting for you.
How dare you?
That is what Nintendo makes us feel sometimes with some of their choices.
They'll get with this century eventually.
They're just only a couple decades behind.
It's fine.
So anyway, Loki, I want to give you a chance to chime in, too.
What advice do you have for people wanting to start a new podcast or stream or YouTube
or what have you, any of those things, really?
Like we went back before, it's consistency for sure.
You want to make sure that you are uploading content on a regular basis.
Try to be consistent with your schedule.
It may not necessarily be like, oh, hey, I'm going to release on every Friday or something
like that.
It's just try to release on a regular basis.
As far as more YouTube specific stuff, so algorithm is everything, obviously.
So you have to look at search engine optimization.
So that could be a lot of like how you phrase stuff, keywords that you put in your description,
keywords that you put in tags, even though they say tags don't work.
That is nonsense.
Keywords that you put in your title, stuff like that.
And you can get plugins, for example, for YouTube to show you what other people use.
And so you just look at like, hey, people that are making some real content.
What kind of tags are they using?
And then you just put that stuff in there and then you start doing it.
And then all of a sudden it works.
But that's not necessarily important.
It may get more eyes on your content, especially with YouTube.
You have to have a good thumbnail because you want to make sure people are clicking
on your content.
But at the same time, you also want to be engaging.
Don't come off as in your descriptions, in your content itself.
You know, don't come off as like, oh, I'm just not really good at this.
And I just, you know, I really suck.
And, you know, just I'm sorry that my content so bad and all that stuff.
Don't ever do that.
Just make content because what you think is bad, a lot of people will think is really
great.
And I found that out quite a bit like where there's people like, this is amazing.
I'm like, really?
Is it OK?
If you say so, it's wild.
But yeah, it's just putting out quality content.
People eventually find it.
And it's all about momentum.
It's just you need to be consistent.
You need to make sure that you're putting out quality content.
Eventually, things will kind of pick up speed as you start getting more subscribers and
whatnot.
And it'll eventually keep growing.
But you need to have that momentum and get that momentum eventually.
And don't be afraid to like kind of change up things once in a while, especially when
I do mostly Minecraft content, you know, that revolves around survival multiplayer.
That's not necessarily for everybody.
So also for yourself, so you don't get burnt out, trying different things is nice, too,
because if you're doing one thing all the time, you're just going to get bored with
it and you may want to move to something else.
So just do similar analogous things to what you're doing.
So in this case, like a hardcore series or something like that, you may get new viewers
from that.
But as far as the podcast goes, obviously having a topic that something that you're
going to want to talk about for weeks on end, having people that you want to talk to as
well, like if you have multiple hosts and whatnot, you want to be able to have people
that you gel with and they have a good rapport with that type of stuff.
So and really any of the content you do, it's just going to be yourself that's coming
through and people are going to watch it for you.
And that's kind of how it is once you get big enough as well.
It's like it doesn't matter what you do at that point, because people are coming to
watch you do it.
You know, they are clicking on the video because they want to see you play this game or they
want to hear you talk about this topic.
So that's really what it kind of I mean, I don't have the whole YouTube thing figured
out, but we're getting close to 500 subs.
We're like so close work.
Loki on YouTube.
Get him over.
So so we're almost there and you know, we're having it kind of goes in the gaming week,
but like you got to check out my new video.
It's super awesome.
The intro took a whole day, so it's hand animated frame by frame.
So that was fun.
But yeah, it's a lot of just experimenting with things and stuff.
So it's just have fun doing it.
That's really the most important.
If you're having fun doing it and you're enthusiastic about it, if you're having fun,
it's really not work.
But I mean, it is a lot of work to put out quality content.
Just don't overdo it.
You just lose track of it, of the time you're spending on it.
I think it's it's extremely stressful.
I mean, I have nothing to dissuade anybody, but like for me, it's always like it's always
a clock.
It's always a clock because like I put something out, it's like the clock resets.
But I always feel that clock ticking all the time.
And so it's just like I need to get something else out and you get something else out because
I need that clock to reset.
And then there's never seems like a break, but I don't know, you can kind of work it,
you know, maybe not feel so stressed out by that.
But if you really want to like drive the momentum and put out more frequent content, I mean,
that's what you're going to have to do is really push towards doing it.
But also remember these folks that have like millions of subscribers.
This is their full time job.
If you're if you're an adult that has, you know, you already can be like, you know, a
kid that has school or a job and a family like all that takes time.
So you're not going to be able to dedicate the same amount of time.
And don't worry about not being like perfect.
Nobody's expecting you to be perfect.
They just want you to be entertaining.
Yeah.
Viewer count is not a measure of your personal success.
And you'll learn from your mistakes.
Make those mistakes early and frequently so that you learn from them.
I want to give you this comment in chat here over twitch.tv slash vog network from a new
listener.
Good to see you here.
Arrington 20 in chat says for sure.
Collab is always excellent for great content.
Absolutely.
I love I will go on like any podcast within reason.
I want to make sure there's a legitimacy to it.
And you're sticking shout out to my fellow Channel 64 brother in hearing.
OK, but great.
OK, great example, though, through this Minecraft stuff that you've really stuck with and doing
this YouTube, even when it felt like Loki, nobody was watching.
And you've said that on the show.
Nobody's watching my YouTube, so I don't even know why I keep talking about it.
You've said something similar to that before.
And now look how that's come full circle.
Now you've done enough with it.
You stuck with it.
Now you got a crew that wants to work with you and collab on great content.
And now because of that, now people are coming over here.
It's all about fights.
Yeah, it's synergy.
That's great.
It's all about show Arrington.
It's all about finding people that are as enthusiastic about it as you because I've
been with lots of different people and not knocking any of them.
Those communities have all been great.
They've all been great.
It's just that, you know, I was looking for a group of people to be able to be as enthusiastic
about it.
And I have an unrealistic amount of enthusiasm about putting out Minecraft content.
So I was looking for a group of people that shared that kind of enthusiasm.
And it's hard.
You can get like with different groups.
And there may be a couple people that are like that.
But so far, you know, with this group, it's everybody.
Everybody has that same enthusiasm.
And it's just great because you just feed off each other.
It's just really organic.
And I love that.
All right, one more question.
I know we're spending a long time on this, but we're 20 years old tonight.
It's probably going to be a long show.
Okay, here we go.
So one more question, and that is, do you still play DDR or listen to the music?
Do you still play DDR Bomani or listen to the music?
And I got this is probably one of the biggest questions we get.
I think it's been addressed with the recent saga drama of the YouTube and the sorry, the
Discord challenge that YYR and Rama were going back and forth on a little bit.
So I think this is kind of come up recently, but I will pose it here on our 20th anniversary.
Do you still play DDR Bomani or listen to the music?
Anyone who wants to go first?
I don't as much as I don't really listen to the music too much.
At least it's not in my Spotify rotation.
Probably some of it is.
But and I really should be playing more since I have a machine in the garage to do that.
So it is something I want in your garage, though.
And summer is 100 degrees, so it's like 100.
Yeah, the garage gets up to 120 degrees, 130 degrees.
So but you know what, though, when I was actually good about exercising on a regular basis and
doing that diet and exercise stuff like I didn't let the 100 degree heat bother me.
I would just roll up the garage door and just do it, just bear with it.
But yeah, I haven't done it for a while.
I played like a few weeks ago, but I really need to go back and do it more.
Um, my answer would be I smile whenever I hear a DDR song from like Max 2 and before
Nah, Xtreme and before, because I heard the cartoon hero Speedy Mix the other day and
I did smile.
I still smile when I hear those songs, because I think about a time past, you know, and meeting
my friends and good memories at the arcade.
I can't say I actively play DDR anymore.
I think a lot of that, a lot of that probably has to do with just access and availability
of a DDR machine and partially my unwillingness to get up in front of like the teenagers that
are playing it today.
Today's my 44th birthday, okay?
There comes a certain shyness about wanting to play the game around all these young kiddos
anymore these days, but once that new place opens up, I can go over there while school's
in session.
Yeah, that's what I'm waiting for.
I want that to open up so I can play Dance Rush because I've been looking at that and
that looks fun.
So, uh, looking at chat, Savilas says, fuck, you're old.
Yeah, I know.
Pop Culture says 44.
Rob is like, yeah, screw all of you.
But I also have taken the mantle of Twitch's drunk auntie.
I love that.
Well, Dark Soccer, what's your answer to the question?
Do you still play DDR or listen to the music?
I cannot play DDR like I used to, um, just because of, of, I have arthritis in my hip,
I'll admit, you know, I can't do it, but I, you know, if I see a BeatMania machine out
in the wild, I'll stop and play it.
I do, uh, you know, when we were going to California Extreme, I would, I would play.
And I mean, in, in my streaming music, my background music that I play during my, my
live streams, I've got like a lot of Taku in there, like stoic and, uh, a few other
things.
Um, I have some, uh, other, you know, songs that have been turned into Bemani songs, like
Cat's Eye, you know?
Um, but I also was a fan of, of, you know, those original TV shows, you know, that they're
theme songs.
Um, I, uh, and, you know, there's some things that we were fans of before they got into
DDR that I'll still listen to, like, you know, sandstorm sometimes I'll, I'll feel like wanting
to listen to the old, the old things.
Um, you know, I'll even catch myself humming something even when I haven't even listened
to it.
Like I was trying to clean up the other day and I was actually humming three, two, one
stars and I was chasing the cat around and it was hilarious.
Yeah.
I actually do have Captain Jack in my playlist rotation right now.
I have in the army, I have some erotic in my playlist that I play on stream.
Um, uh, like, especially the ABBA stuff.
Do that ABBA album is fire in there too.
Um, oh yeah.
And erotic is actually still putting out, uh, they have like, I think an album, a couple
of, uh, weeks ago, smile DK.
Yeah.
Um, which I remember, I remember, okay.
Story time.
Anime expo 2000.
I w it was my Jill Valentine cosplay.
They had a DDR third mix and people like were doing the code to play, uh, uh, flat mode.
They could play it like second mix, remember, um, or putting in the code for vivid.
And I remember hearing the, the, uh, smile D was it this?
No, it wasn't smell DK.
It was the Olivia project with Xanadu.
And again, thank you for this.
Funara Xanadu is one of my favorite movies and I was singing along with it and then just
realized this is coming from DDR and promptly had to play Xanadu in combat boots that had
not been broken in for me and full Jill Valentine cosplay.
And now who's in, who's in dead by daylight, Jill, and I play Claire, but my feet were
also super torn up after that.
That was, it was great.
Um, and, uh, and I remembered being better prepared to play DDR because I had second
mix for dreamcast with those slippery ass dance pads that wanted to break my neck.
And I remember Julie bought another dance pad so that she could play it.
Well, Julie has a habit of buying stuff and then never reclaiming it.
So now it's mine.
And I learned how to do doubles at home.
And I, I just remember, you know, that, that it was, I still, I still am in love with the
music.
I mean, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Oh, I just knocked Evie over.
I just knocked Psyduck over.
This thing.
Oh yeah.
Those things.
I think those, they're cute, but I think they're kind of, they're kind of crap, but they're
cute.
It's not, it's a novelty.
It's a novelty.
Yeah.
And now I need to figure it out.
Oh, but I'm sorry for the podcast listeners.
She held up the little, um, toy.
We have to remember that there's a little toy DDR machine thing that she held up, uh,
that you've probably seen at target recently.
And then.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
All right.
But anyway, but, but going back to the point on it is that every so often I want to hear
the old stuff.
And I want to remember, I have a lot of visual memory attached to sound as well.
And so when I have that, when I hear something, it brings back a visual memory with it, including
the one night I stayed for four hours until I could beat paranoia.
Spite goes a long way.
It goes a long way.
It's a theme today.
All right.
Those were the five most commonly asked questions we get over the last 20 years.
Thank you.
Um, for, for indulging us with that.
Gosh, that took us a lot of time for our kickoff topic, but that's all right.
It's a special show tonight.
Um, there was actually another question that came in that I thought was very interesting.
So sure.
I'll add one more.
I just don't have a fancy, um, logo or slide for it, which many people are saying nice
PowerPoint.
Excuse me.
It's open office.
Thank you very much.
This is a keynote household.
So, uh, let's see here.
Where was the question?
Um, and again, I just, I really can't stress this enough.
Thank you for the generosity tonight.
We are doing a podcast, so we don't really stop and read them all live.
I will acknowledge everybody at the end and we're probably going to have a 10 minute
editing tonight.
Um, but thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
Okay.
Here's the question, um, that came in earlier that I thought was pretty good.
And I want to entertain this and then we'll move on to, um, our gaming weeks and headlines.
Um, pod culture asked, what's the best and the worst criticism you guys have received
over the years, the best and the worst criticism.
I have a feeling, I know where your brain is going, Jamie, and I'll let you go first
because for me, it's the easy answer is the worst.
But if you shit, whoever that was, that I, that I need to stop talking about video games
and go back to the kitchen.
Number one, fuck wad.
I probably was playing video games longer than you were alive, even back then.
And number two, fuck your misogyny.
You know, you don't want me to make a sandwich.
I'll put razorblades in it.
You can eat that shit and then shit out razorblades and intestines and all kinds of crap.
I don't care.
That's, that's the easy answer is what's the worst criticism.
And I, even if that criticism wasn't directed at me, I would still, I would have still said
the same type of answer.
Well, and I've actually, I'll say this.
I've had an email that's, or I, not me, wasn't me personally, or was it the mail bag?
You might have to remind me, Jamie.
This was a long time ago.
Somebody wrote into the show that they enjoyed listening to our banter and they enjoyed
listening to us talk about the news and stuff and our viewpoints, but that they were praying
for me because of my lifestyle as a gay man who I don't think I was with Alan at the time
yet.
So I think this was before that.
I think this would have been, I mean, most of these weird ass emails came in around the
time podcasting launched in, in Apple.
Cause that's when Jamie got her sandwich email and that's, that's when this one came in around
that same time.
And so it was just very, like, I, I don't know, like, you know, I could get on a whole
soapbox and go, it's not on pride month, not today, but I think you all know where my brain
is going with this.
It's just one of those.
I don't know what this individual thought would be accomplished from an email like that,
other than a backhanded compliment, which is really what it is, is that.
They'll have this shit going on today.
Yeah.
I like your news and I like your witty things.
I just don't like your, I just don't like your life.
And it's like, how do you think I got being gay as part of who I am?
You know, I'm not, I like to think I'm not a one note and I'm just gay, this gay, that
I'm not like, um, Jack from will and grace.
Okay.
I'm not that I have a more, I'm not a 30 minute sitcom gay.
I have a life.
I do all these things, but it is a part of who I am.
And I wouldn't have the witty banter with Loki and dark soccer or the insight to the
news and all that.
I wouldn't have that if I wasn't gay and I didn't choose to be gay.
Let me tell you with all the shit that happened in high school and some of the things I've
gotten, do you think I would choose to get emails like that?
I didn't fucking choose that.
Anyway, but you know what?
Here's what I wonder.
I wonder in 2022, you know, we've been on the air 20 years is a long time.
And while I bring that up, we have seen gay marriage be legal, then repealed by prop eight,
then repealed again.
So the gay marriage is legal again, down to justice Thomas's comment.
This last week, we already talked about that stuff at the top of the show.
I'm not going to go back down to that slope, but we've seen that whole process go through.
And in the last 20 years, I have seen minds change.
And I wonder if that person is still out there.
And I wonder if they would write that same email today.
And I hope in my heart, maybe they've had an epiphany and maybe they regret writing
that.
In which case, I forgive you if you're out there.
Uh, yeah.
Oh, yes.
Yes, Marissa.
Nothing wrong with Jack level gay either.
Absolutely not.
But I was more trying to comment on in a 30 minute sitcom.
It's all you get to see of his personality.
I hope that element of my comment isn't lost or what have you.
Okay.
And let's see.
So what about the best criticism that we've gotten over the years?
I don't know.
This is a tricky one.
I did.
This is more coming from a discussion.
A discussion that I had back with Meg Z back in the day about the power of impact versus
intent.
And you can intend on a certain thing with what you say, but it's the impact of what
you say that's going to go further.
And when we who are in this position where, yes, there are people who listen to us and
I would even go out on a limb and say that we do have a degree of influence out there
just for people who trust our opinions and like what we have to say, that you also have
a responsibility then to look at what you say and kind of judge the impact that it might
have.
Like, you know, if I were to go out and say, well, I think this person needs to do this
differently because blah, blah, blah.
And then it will come out, oh, well, she thinks that all of this is a thing and that everyone
should stop doing it.
People are going to take it out of proportion as well.
That's something else to also keep in mind.
But the thing is, is to look at the impact of the words that you say.
Does that make sense?
Absolutely.
I think that's huge.
It reminds me of that quote.
I believe it's a Maya Angelou quote.
I'm going to butcher it, but it's that whole people won't remember what you say, but they'll
remember how you made them feel.
And it's very that to me.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, and I mean, also to quote Eddie Izzard too, you know, it's not what you say, but
how you say it.
Oh, God, yes, God, yes.
But I mean, like, okay, I actually, I actually know what one of the examples was.
It's this whole, you know, when, when people were complaining about the ending of Supernatural
and about the episode, there's an episode where there were Castiel confesses his love
for Dean.
And then everyone's like, oh, it's the ship is real, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I'm like, but you can, you know, I was actually pointing out that it's also okay
to accept that while one man may have a romantic feeling, it's also okay for someone to not
reciprocate it the same way, you know?
And I was like, I know that you're excited about your ship and I am happy.
If that's the way that you interpret it, then good.
We need more of that in the world.
I am fully behind you, but I also want to make sure that for those of us, you know,
that for people who are ace like myself, that it's also fine to understand that, that two
men can love each other platonically.
It can even be a degree of romanticism and not want to go fuck people, you know?
And it was in that discussion that people were like, oh, homophobia, blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, do you know who I am?
First of all, and then second of all, I was like, you're not even paying attention to
it, but that's the thing that you have to think about exactly lining out word by word,
the way you are going to state your opinion so that it won't be taken out of context and
have an unintended effect.
I'm trying to think of the best piece of advice and I'm kind of torn between either
the person that, and I don't even remember who said this, but the person that said,
you know, one of these days, nobody's going to be playing DDR anymore and you have to,
then what's your show going to be about?
And that sort of allowed us to, and I'm not knocking, I know many of you are still very
passionate about the game and so forth, but I think getting away from just talking about
DDR music games was huge for this show and so important in what it is now that I'm very
thankful somebody spoke up and said that.
The other best piece of advice would probably be, you know, I was saying earlier that if
you go back to a lot of those old OLR episodes, there's probably things that we would have
said, like, you know, I mentioned Project Runway inserted the phrase hot blank mess
into our vernacular that is inappropriate today.
Or like, was it like some of the match game stuff where we just try to think of the most
most inappropriate, uh, it basically, I mean, it was kind of, we played it like, um, cards
against humanity, basically stay the most inappropriate things we could think of.
Not that we'd actually think that, but it's just like, we're trying to find the most
shocker.
Yeah.
Whereas now it's like, nah, it doesn't really seem appropriate to do any of that.
Well, and on top of that, the truth came out about the cards against humanity company,
how their office was a toxic workplace and how they abuse their employees.
So I remember we used to sit around playing that, that particular game all the time and
just how hurtful a lot of the things on there were that, you know, you couldn't do that.
Yeah.
So I, I appreciate, and my point with that is I appreciate those that have corrected
me from a place of love.
So, um, and concern.
So thank you.
And I would say that's the best feedback, honestly.
Um, Loki, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Uh, I know we've talked a lot again.
Now I have one more question that I've got to do, but you know what?
I don't, if we do questions all night and don't even get to the fucking news, I don't
care.
So let's just do more questions.
I didn't really have anything to add to that, unfortunately.
All right.
Okay.
That's fine.
Uh, let me get to this other question here.
Um, because I thought this was, this was good, uh, from Tay.
And I'm not sure if you were here earlier, Tay, and a big shout out to Tay plays games.
Who is in the last year?
And I've been on Twitch for like 10 years since it was just in TV.
I haven't taken it seriously since probably VOG came over to Twitch and all that.
But my point is just in the past year, I've learned a lot from Tay.
Just like really good ideas and like, just like the knowledge share that he's shared
with his audience.
So just big shout out.
And, you know, I think he's great and, um, uh, give him a follow, but I want to get to
this question.
I don't know if you were here earlier because we answered a similar question, but there's
a, there's a unique component of this that I think makes this worth answering.
And so Tay says, I have two questions for Rob, Jamie and Loki.
What do you think is the single best thing to happen to gaming culture in the last 20
years?
What do you think is the single worst thing to happen to gaming culture in the last 20
years?
So the best and the worst, um, of culture.
And I think that's, it's not about like gaming stories or news, like we talked about earlier,
but gaming culture.
And for me, again, I hate to start with the worst, but I like the answer is just like,
oh, easy, uh, gamer gate.
What it is, what a piece of trash that whole thing was.
I mean, just, and it's weird because in a way I would almost say Twitter was also some
of the best because Twitter gave us like that direct access to game creators for better
and for worse.
And believe me, there's a lot of worse as was exhibited by gamer gate, but there's been
a lot of wholesome moments as well.
Um, such as when that president cat thing happened and we were all tweeting that Japanese
developer and some, some poor social media answer, uh, intern or whatever on a Monday
morning over in Japan is literally tweeting back going, I'm not sure why so many people
in America are tweeting us, but thank you for the love.
And we hope to hope to have our game there someday or something like that.
It was just so there was a meeting in an office somewhere because of us.
Yes, there was a, there was definitely a boardroom meeting somewhere because of us,
but I loved that, that.
And to me, that was a, that was a great part of gamer culture.
So I would say, I would say Twitter and that social media has brought us both extremes.
It's been the best and it's been the worst.
I'm sorry.
What would you want to elaborate?
Um, I can actually add in one of the really bad things about it.
And that's, Oh my God, JV Mon.
Hi.
Sorry.
I had to, cause I know there's a lot of old faces tonight, Ella and new ones too.
Um, but I'm going to go back and to elaborate a little bit on that one, as far as the really
dark underside, as I'm going to go to in cell culture and the attacks on, on female presenting
people in gaming.
And mind you, we now exceed the overall population of gamers in general.
Um, it's, uh, I'm trying to go back to it.
It's these little angry boys on the internet.
I'm just going to say it that way.
Who for some reason, they, they can't get a date.
They, they can't, you know, they feel ignored or, you know, the, for whatever reason goes
on is they think then that this gives them the right to use the anonymity of the internet
to harass, uh, you know, women in chat.
You, you remember I got bullied off of Twitch before for a bunch of misogynist pieces of
shit that just kept pushing at me and wouldn't stop.
And I was fucking playing a pigeon dating game, you know?
And, and basically it's, it's really disgusting and really sad because these are the same
people that are now going out and shooting up schools and malls and attacking populations
of people because of their own inadequacies, their own sense of inadequacies, not feeling
supported.
And, and there is, there's, you know, that ties back into a bigger social aspect of it,
but that was originally going to be where I was going with this.
And I mean, there's lots of positives to the advent of podcasting itself has opened
up very large education channels.
That's a damn good answer.
Like just, just like streaming culture in general and the fact that we all have more
voices.
I mean, it, but again, there's a dark side to that.
We all know that, but I would like to say because we can all choose how to curate that
experience.
There's been more good than bad for me.
Well, you know what?
One of my favorite movies is Pump Up the Volume.
Oh yes.
And I keep thinking of the end of that movie where after they arrest Christian Slater's
character and what was her name?
I want to say Martha Plimpton, but that wasn't her that played the Eat Me, Beat Me lady.
I don't know.
It's been so long.
Yeah, but the two of them get arrested at the end.
And then after that, you know, again, this is like the mid nineties.
People start busting out shortwave radio sets and trying to say, Hey, I have things to say.
I have things to say.
Pirate radio, basically.
And now we are legally able to go out and broadcast the things that we have to say to
whoever the fuck wants to listen to it.
Right?
And you know what?
I don't have to be this docile little flower of femininity.
I can be a loud and obnoxious bitch if I feel like it.
I can speak my mind.
I don't have to adhere to whatever cultural norm you think should apply to me just because
I possess the uterus.
And it's freedom.
It's so freeing that we have this outlet.
And, and I'm pretty careful about, you know, keeping people from knowing where I live,
although, uh, Grandpa is where I live.
But, uh, you know, I try to maintain that I've had, you know, my, my stage name forever.
Rob and I have both had to deal with, with stalkers, you know, again, internet culture.
Oh yeah.
I forgot about that.
Yeah.
But I think right now for me personally, I'm thinking that the pros of having this voice,
and also I'm going to say another positive in this whole thing is being in my forties.
I give fewer shits, number one.
Cheers to that.
Behold the field in which I grow my fucks and lay thine eyes upon it and see that it is
buried, but also I have perspective.
I've grown up with a controller in my hand.
I grew up playing pinball.
I still cannot play Frogger well, unless I'm in roller skates.
And on top of that, the fact that we're staying with both the old and the new, we are continuing
to grow with it and have the perspective to see where it all came from.
That right then and there, I'm going to say that us old ass gamers are a positive.
We are one of the best phenomenons that's happened to gaming.
I love that.
Loki, I don't know.
I don't know if you want to follow that, but do you have anything that jumps out for best
and worst in gaming culture?
Yeah, so I I'll just go a different direction, I guess.
Um, so for worst, it would have to be swatting.
Oh, that's so good call because because people I mean, you can kind of tie it back with the
whole, you know, culture of like in selling all that stuff.
But like, yes, swatting where, you know, people can actually die.
So that's that's bad, obviously.
The best stuff I would probably have to go with, like YouTube and like Twitch, like the
streaming, you know, getting exposed to a lot of different people, different unique
things, you know, different ways to play games, different ways to experience stuff, you know,
even going back to like the beginning, you know, with machinima, there's, you know,
let's play series, there's all these different personalities that came out of it.
There's even the extent where we're going beyond like Twitch with, you know, user interaction,
Twitch plays stuff.
More recent, I like watching, for example, Doug Doug, who will incorporate his chat with
different things.
And that's hilarious.
So a lot of that stuff, I think, is really kind of elevated gaming, especially the way
we experience as like an entertainment form, you know, beyond what we've had in the last
20 years.
I excellent.
I just wanted to add to that, Jamie.
It's well said.
Yeah, well said.
Okay, we're getting some more questions in chat.
You know what?
I'm about to make an executive decision.
I think we're just gonna say screw the news tonight.
Can I say one thing?
Yeah, we can do like, like, if you have a headline you really want to do, we can still
do it.
But yeah, Stadia ain't dead, bitches.
They're expanding their servers to allow some Intel graphics servers.
And they're hiring.
You know what I'll do?
I will.
I will literally run through the news and we can spend 15 seconds on each headline, but
I'll do that at the end.
Okay, but I still want to do classic game and some of our staples.
Hey, she is not in denial about Stadia.
I can show you the links.
All right.
I've got the receipts.
All right.
Let me get because you guys have some great questions here.
So I want to get to these.
I'm trying to like copy paste these to a thing.
So we were talking about segments and so forth.
Shehole10 had a really good question here.
And that is, why did you get rid of the FUs of the week?
And not everybody may know, but we used to have a segment on the show and it was capped
off by playing the song One Winged Angel from Final Fantasy VII.
I think we had some different songs throughout the years, but that was the legendary song.
And we used to rant about whatever was going on.
And we actually had, do you remember in the earlier days of OLR, in the Bamani days, we
had Explicit was his name, Jonas.
And when he was here for the FUs of the week, he would go on and on for like five, six,
seven minutes.
Love Jonas.
Yeah.
I adore that guy.
He does a lot of stuff with gaming rooms, anime conventions, or at least he did.
I don't know if he still does, but yeah.
I think he was still a part of that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's great to see folks moving on and up and doing these things.
But why did we get rid of the FUs of the week?
And well, Jamie, it was a segment you had kind of started and I also saw you answer
this a little bit in chat.
You want to start with this and I'll follow up on it.
That's our secret.
We're always angry.
No, we just wanted to, I mean, especially since it was toward the end of the show, we
wanted to have a little bit more positivity, I think, but I don't know.
We've been sort of at the start of our show.
I mean, especially with recent things, we have been taking a go off on it.
So maybe it's time to revive it.
I, for me and the FUs of the week, like I think that's what it is, is that, you know,
we just said earlier in the show, like the advice that we have is be enthusiastic, be
positive.
And it was always weird to kind of talk about the news, but then stop and we're going to
rant about things.
And I kind of felt like we were becoming that thing with that.
Like even if it wasn't really that, it was allowing it to become that thing that I don't
like in other podcasts.
And so I was like, why are we doing this?
We're like stopping the show to do these rants when we don't even have things that we're
usually ranty about.
I understand that it is humorous to play one winged angel when we talk about these kinds
of things, but I don't think that juxtaposition was required in every episode from here on
out.
I think if we did FUs again, we need to have happy music playing in the background, like
the Ohaska or something.
And I would argue in the first 20 minutes of tonight's show, we did a giant FU of the
week.
We just didn't call it the FUs of the week, but She-Hulk and all of our listeners, that
was an FU of the week for sure.
So that's why that segment kind of got retired, but it still lives on an ad hoc basis as needed,
as you saw tonight, for sure.
Let's see.
And it's also like, we have Twitter now, so it's like, we don't have to wait for the
episode to come out to complain about something.
And honestly, there's so much to complain about every week.
It's just, I don't know.
I think people just don't want to hear it.
It may be entertaining, but we can be entertaining in other ways.
Sorry, my keyboard is so clacky that when I have my mic hot, you can hear it.
So I have to turn my mic on and off.
So it's interesting because chat is going back and forth a little bit about Stadia.
And I thought this comment from Tay is a lot of where my mind is at, is that I think cloud
gaming in general is a huge achievement that's still in its infancy.
I'm really excited to see what it looks like in five years.
And that was in reply to a comment that Pod Culture said that was, there is an argument
to be made that Stadia is a huge gaming moment in the past 20 years.
Yes, to both those things.
And I would say that when we're looking back at gaming in 30 years, I mean, who knows if
OLR is around at 30 years, but if we're looking back on 30 years of gaming, I think cloud
gaming will be at that moment.
Maybe, like I said earlier in the show, I think Xbox Live was huge.
I think we have to see where cloud gaming goes and what the derivatives of that end
up being.
And I think we're seeing a little bit of that.
I'm not just talking about straight up copycats like Luna, but also a little bit of what Xbox
Live is doing and how they are not just having the streaming that is either on your computer,
it's on the phone, you have access to wherever, but also the fact that they're leveraging
the cloud processing and all of that in more traditional types of games.
And I suppose Nintendo, believe it or not, to an extent, does this too by even being
able to deliver a game like Control on the Nintendo Switch in the first place.
So I do think we're still seeing the early days of cloud gaming, but we need more people
to get rid of bandwidth caps, such as Xfinity's infamous bandwidth cap.
Oh, it can't because they have monopolies.
So, yeah, more companies are going to have to be pressured to get rid of those before
cloud gaming can really take off.
Now, you all know I have a new provider now.
I have an uncapped provider and it's marvelous.
And I even told my former provider who was Xfinity, I said, this is the reason why I
left.
They don't have a cap.
You do.
You would think with it, you know, as GPI being gone, that we would be getting some
momentum on that front.
But like, it's nothing.
No, it's a bummer.
OK, let's get to some more questions.
And if you haven't, what's that?
I have cake.
Yes, you do.
How come you got cake for our birthday?
Because I told a certain spouse of mine that I really wanted tiramisu.
A spouse offered to go to said grocery store and find me tiramisu and brought me a tiramisu
cake.
Oh, that's nice.
I'm like, it's my actual birthday today, too.
I want freaking cake.
But actually, I'm diabetic.
I don't want cake.
My husband did give me birthday Chipotle, so I'm very happy for that.
So I will.
I will.
I will take your burrito and there you go.
Cake Chipotle.
I like this one, too.
So let's go to this.
I like all the questions, but let's go to this question from Mike Deft, who asks, what's
OLR's proudest moment, the episode or moment you would show to anyone who doesn't know
anything about the show?
What is OLR's proudest moment, the episode or moment you would show to anyone who doesn't
know anything about the show?
Proud of when you came out on the show, Rob.
That's right.
I forgot that I did.
You know, and this kind of ties back to something I was talking about earlier.
Those first couple of years of OLR, I did make a choice where I was like, you know what?
I don't want to just be the show's token gay, so I'm not really going to talk about it on
the show.
And I wasn't necessarily trying to stay closeted.
I was just saying, I don't want to talk about it.
So this subject is not something that I want coming up on the show.
And that was that.
But there was, I don't remember the moment that changed my mind.
But I think I had a fuck it moment, as sometimes is ought to happen, where you just say, fuck
it.
I'm going to do it.
And I did.
And I certainly don't regret it.
I will say some of the best reward I've had from doing OLR and going back to the best
feedback.
You know, I talked about a difficult email I got earlier, but I've also gotten emails
from three different people.
And I remember them all over the years that have said, hearing you on OLR and talk about
your life and how you live out gay and all that stuff, it's helped me accept a lot of
things.
Sorry, I said I'm not going to do it tonight.
It's helped me accept a lot of things about who I am.
And I'm not sure there's been, although I certainly don't like seeing people go through
that sort of struggle.
I've been there.
I've done that.
I empathize with that.
I'm not sure there has been a greater reward in the years of me doing this show than those
emails.
End of thought.
End of thought.
So thank you, Jamie, for remembering that because I actually forgot.
You're right.
In the beginning, I wasn't out.
I forgot about that.
I mean, it wasn't hard to figure out, but I wasn't out.
I didn't have a word for what my deal was at the time.
A lot's changed over the years.
Yeah.
Um, well, since I don't get fan emails, sorry, I don't have anything to add to it.
But no, I would say like the best moment, I don't really have a moment that would show
somebody, but like it would be like the early shows when we shared an apartment and it was
just like everybody gathered there.
I think those would probably be some moments I would show to people.
Now, the shows were obviously low tech at the time, so it probably wouldn't translate
very well.
But those were like peak fun, basically, because you had everybody have that party atmosphere
like the entire time and stuff.
So that was fun for sure.
We so like, you know, I know a lot of people joke about Episode 69.
And considering tonight, we're on Episode 920.
So this was a very long time ago.
Episode number 69 was pretty fucking funny.
And there's a reason why that show is legendary, because it is that it was at Loki's.
And I's apartment.
Sadly, Dark Sakura wasn't there, but her presence was felt the drunk show that the way Yeah,
there were other shows like it too.
And the fuck show.
We tried to be we tried to be PG.
I remember being drunk off my ass with a microphone in my hand doing this show, kicking the wall,
yelling, I'm in the matrix.
I'm in the matrix.
I don't know if I'm member being drunk in the back room and eating up all of Loki's
waffles.
I don't know if I'm necessarily proud of those shows.
But at the same time, I recognize they were pretty fucking funny.
And a moment in time, if you will, like, those are not like if somebody was like, why should
I listen to orange on radio?
I'm not going to show them the drunk episode.
I'm probably more proud of the episodes where we have had an impact on the real world and
maybe taken a stand for things we believe in, such as, like, you know, what we started
off the show with tonight, not to toot the horn too much.
But I think some of those moments have been huge.
I think some of the ways we have been personally affected in our lives.
I think that first pandemic episode where Jamie may or may not have had COVID and we
were talking about pneumonia.
Yeah, we were talking about Death Stranding remotely and talking about some of how that
is felt, you know, with the weird way the world is like some of those, like, real life
things.
I remember the episode the night that Obama went on the news and said they killed Bin
Laden.
That all happened while we were on OLR.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's things like that where, like, the real world kind of seeped in and we as gamers
and our family and our culture kind of got to react to that.
I think those were some of the moments that I thought were, like, these were real moments
for sure.
And I would say, honestly, on a completely different note, another, like, best moment,
E3 2004 to 2006.
And I know I give the ESA and E3 a lot of shit now in 2022, but damn, let Grandpa tell
you a story about when E3 was awesome.
And when we got to go and, you know, we were kids that grew up reading about E3 and Nintendo
Power and other magazines like that.
And because of this show, we got to go.
That was pretty awesome.
My favorite picture of us was from E3 in 2005.
Yeah.
Going to E3 and hanging out in the Konami booth was fun.
And, like, honestly, like, taking a step back, how special and unreal was that?
That, like, we were doing a show about DDR and Bamani and Konami, back when they were
cool, knew about it and noticed us.
Or that was the press event that they had in San Francisco and they unveiled DDR Super
Nova and I got to play DDR Super Nova before everybody else.
Loki was the first person in the US outside of Konami to play DDR Super Nova.
He was.
I was there.
What about us being able to do the Silent Hill stuff for DDR?
Yeah.
Oh, the track.
Yeah, because our friends started working there, which was wild.
And then not just that, but do you remember from DDR Hawaii when they were still around
and rest in peace still wind because he was a huge part of this and he passed away several
years ago and you probably knew that.
But he knew of this show, found this show, and thanks to him, we got to debut songs from
DDR.
We basically announced the song list for DDR Ultra Mix 4 before anybody else.
And that was because of that.
And you all helping the show to be successful.
I mean, it's just.
Holy shit.
Wow.
Didn't we have, like.
We didn't do, like, Max 2 remixes or anything like that, or was there something with the
remix?
I don't remember.
Maybe that's Ultra Mix.
I'm thinking of.
What?
Elaborate.
What do you mean?
I thought there was, like, songs that we played on our show that were it wasn't like Max 2
remixes or anything.
It was Ultra Mix 4.
It's the same thing that I was just talking about, basically.
Yeah, the Max 300 remix for Xbox, says JVMon.
Right.
And JVMon also says the Xbox DDR games are so great.
They really were.
They were like, DDR Hawaii did such good shit.
And it's just we need to take a moment to really appreciate what was unappreciated by
most at the time.
And that is the DDR Xbox games, because they were all so good.
And I'm not just saying that because we had friends that worked on them.
But yeah, it's just amazing.
So let's see.
I thought I feel like I missed a question somewhere along the way.
If I didn't get to your question, will you please post it?
Just because there's so many of you in chat tonight, and I'm so thankful.
Hugs, but I'm having a hard time keeping up on chat.
But we did get another question that came in down here towards the recent stuff.
So let me get to this.
So Tay said, if we're keeping this AMA open, I do have another question.
Sure.
You know what we already said?
We're gonna say fuck the news tonight and just do your questions.
I'd love to know more about the logistics of the show.
Do you all chat about the show topics the night before?
30 minutes before?
Is there a shared Google Doc about topics?
Who picks the topics?
Who does the editing and recording?
Who uploads stuff to podcast services?
Who does social media?
Is there one person or do you split it?
Feel free to answer any of those.
Okay, so there's a lot of components there.
So let me just explain what goes through an average OLR episode.
So I kind of gave away earlier in the show.
There's a secret forum that is the reason why forums still exist on VOG Network.
And on that forum, people will post stories throughout the week.
And that is meant to be kind of like a sticky board.
So like a Google Doc type of thing.
So Loki will post his stories.
Dark Tetsuya posts things.
VX Jason, our voiceover guy, shout out to Jason.
Couldn't have made it 20 years without you in many, many ways.
And Bobby sometimes will chime in with the topic as well.
I don't really post stuff there because I'll explain why in a minute, but they'll all post
things there.
Dark soccer emails it to me because for some reason, her computer doesn't like the old
forum software, to be fair.
It's probably a compatibility issue with the old forum software.
Like it keeps you setting my password for some stupid reason.
Well, I found that my new system kept trying to block it through the AT&T firewall and
I had to like set VOG Network as an exception to get around it.
So it's just, there's some dated tech.
That's the problem with running a 20 year old show.
It's dated tech.
But anyway, so I will then compile all of that into one show role that I basically use
OpenOffice Excel to put together every week.
And you know what?
Since you all asked, why not?
Let's be completely transparent.
There you go.
That's what an average show looks like.
And that's the one for tonight.
And it shows you everything we're going to be talking about tonight.
That we were supposed to be talking about.
Yeah, so that's why I'm showing this one, because we're not going to get around to
these topics, but this is what we would have been talking about tonight.
I also know it's very tiny because, let me see, I'll just do a control scroll.
So there you can see what it actually looks like there.
So you can just see like, that's everything.
So I compiled this into that Excel kind of template that we've used.
We've used this template over 10 years.
It used to be a Word doc.
And then at some point it sort of switched to this thing.
So it's just, you know, once in a while we changed that.
Wrong shot.
Let's see.
I'm forgetting components of that question.
So then what?
Then, so no, we don't really meet beforehand because we kind of know, like the show roll
kind of lays out who's going to talk about what.
But we all also, we have a relationship over the past 20 years where we just know.
We might step on each other's toes a little bit and you just have to roll with it.
It's live radio.
That's what we signed up to do.
There is no second takes.
Well, there can be.
If I fuck up the intro, there'll be a second take.
We've had the do over on occasion.
But there's very rare second takes, you know, of like actual content in the show.
And usually it's because of tech issues or whatever.
That sort of thing.
So that is kind of how the show all comes together.
Now I am the one pushing the streaming button and all of that stuff because remember Tay,
and you may not know this because I think we've only met during the pandemic, but pre-pandemic
we did this show in person.
So Jamie and Loki came over to my house and for a little while it was at Jamie's house.
I would say in the, what era was that?
It was probably the Shermy era, probably around 2009 to 2012 or something like that.
It was at Jamie's house, but there was like, Rob had a computer because I just kind of
knew I, at this point, I just knew how to do it.
And like, Jamie could back me up if she had to.
And she did one night.
Like I remember Tiara hosted one night and I wasn't here and they took over the show
for a night.
But like most of the time, you know, I was doing it and that was, you know, it's whatever.
It's just what happened over 20 years is I just learned how to produce.
So I'm still doing that to this day, basically, even in the virtual environment that we're
in now.
And Tay says, oh, I didn't realize that.
Yeah, so it was a little, so even the show role and all that stuff, that was the exact
same way when we were in person.
So that's how that was done.
And then as far as uploading and putting it on the feed, I do it, but it's not as intensive
as you think it is because all I do.
So while this is broadcasting to Twitch, I am also recording a localized movie file of
this.
My solid state drives allow me to do this.
After the show, I will open up the movie file in my audition from like the year 2006 that
still works and is what I edit the show on.
And I will crop the show, meaning I'm cutting out the like, you know, the cat video and
the things that you see on Twitch, you know, it's here in the podcast.
And then at the very end, the part after, OK, we're done, let's wrap it up, you know,
that that so it's just the show.
And then I post that MP3, the website everything is running on was built is really maintained
by Jason, our voiceover guy.
If not for Jason, there would not be a place to put this show.
And that's why I say Jason helps this show in many ways you don't even hear.
And we're incredibly thankful for that.
And the actual website that's like Joomla, which is really old, but Deep Man did that
a long time ago.
I completely realize the website is showing its age, but I also argue is a website as
important these days as a Twitter, as a Twitch, as our Twitch channels got to be more good
looking than a website at this point, because you all subscribe in iTunes and probably don't
visit the website.
It's that so.
God, did I hit all the questions?
There were a lot of questions there, which is great.
I'm totally fine giving you a peek behind the curtain there.
Who uploads stuff to pocket?
Who does social media?
Mostly me on Twitter, although Facebook, we don't really use that very often, but we've
all been known to kind of hop on that.
Facebook is garbage anyway.
Yeah, I don't use it so much anymore.
Social media, and that is probably the blind spot that I wish we got more involved with
and we probably need to, and especially try to keep up with the newer trends like TikTok.
I don't fucking know how to clip this show for TikTok.
And that's where I might need a little help.
Just play it really, really, really, really fast.
I can handle that.
I mean, that part's not hard.
It's what I do with my stream when I remember to.
Okay, let's see.
Some more questions.
I'm trying to load my queue here so I don't forget anything.
Okay, let's go to Pod Culture who asks,
you guys mentioned the best games in the past 20 years.
What's the worst or most disappointing?
And I think that opens the door to some very different answers.
WCW Thunder.
That was so bad that Dan and I returned it to the store, to the blockbuster video.
Loki, worst game?
I'm trying to think most disappointing.
I know there's going to be something and I can't think of it.
And then as soon as I think of something, it's going to, I'm going to remember what it is.
Gosh, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
Give it a couple months.
I would say, okay, no, no, no.
Most disappointing, I think for me would be Saints Row four.
That's most disappointing for me.
Possibly the new Saints Row game when it comes out.
Although that looks pretty good.
I mean, it looks okay.
I mean, I kind of just ignore the characters right now, but.
Yeah, Saints Row four, I think was pretty disappointing.
I know there's other things that are more disappointing that
I'm probably just not thinking of right now.
If I use my DDR Bahmani roots as a little bit of a crutch here, but I think it's a real
good answer.
I would say beat and groovy on the Xbox 360, because that was what we got to represent
the very popular Japanese arcade series, pop and music.
And boy, did they fuck it up.
Boy, did they fuck up that game.
And that could have been like the launch of a new music franchise on Xbox arcade.
And they could have done such a good job with it.
But what they gave us felt half baked and incomplete.
It was terrible.
It was embarrassing as a Bahmani fan.
Yeah.
Dark Two Seas says that game had nine songs.
Beat and groovy was embarrassing.
So I think just as somebody who, you know, who star on this show is because of music
games and that sort of thing.
That game fucking sucked.
And that was, yeah.
Orange Wright says-
A disappointment.
Yeah.
Orange Wright says beat and groovy felt like a game they released just to protect a patent.
Absolutely.
I'm trying to think if I have a more shocking answer, like a big budget game or something
that I bought and I just really didn't like.
But honestly, I don't know if anything was more disappointing than that, to be quite
honest.
I'm really trying to struggle to think.
And I'm not sure I'm coming up with something.
I'm trying to think.
I feel like there's been like a remake or something that really pissed me off.
But I'm coming up short in the moment.
No, I'm good.
Good.
Good call.
Pod Culture, No Man's Sky version one.
I didn't hate it as much as everyone else did.
I don't love it as much as I love it now, but I also didn't buy into a lot of that pre-game
hype.
Oh, Orange Wright.
Yes.
Original Final Fantasy 14.
What a turd.
What a turd of a game that was just, just bad.
Tay says Spore was a fucking massive disappointment.
I actually don't know if I hated it as much as everyone else did, but you know what?
Going back to the earlier question about best moments and because of Orange's radio and
everything that's been done here.
I got to it E3 2005, maybe 2006.
I got to sit in a room, a small room, and watch Will Wright, the man himself, play Spore.
And walk us through that game.
And maybe it's because of that memory and the fact I have that sentimental kind of thing
to it that I forgive that game a lot more than most people.
And that was a moment to get to see him.
And it's like, wait, this is the great game maker, Will Wright, actually playing this
in front of me right now.
This is incredible.
At that same E3, I heard it.
Now I didn't see this one, but I heard that was the one.
And as famous as where Robin Williams showed up and he did one of the Spore walkthroughs
and it was apparently pretty legendary.
And, you know, again, one of the latest, late greatest people anywhere.
You know, that was that's just kind of it built a lot of hype for that game, for sure.
But yeah.
OK.
Pixel Pacas asks a very good question here.
And I must say, last call for questions.
Last call, if you have one or two more, we'll get those and then we'll do some of our other
segments.
Pixel Pacas in chat says, Where did you go to find information about how to start broadcasting
OLR online to begin with?
Today, it's easy to find how to guides or YouTube videos, but I'll assume that level
of help didn't exist at the time.
That's a great fucking question.
And I'm really having to tap my memory bank.
So I remember originally reading about podcasting on a Web forum, and I don't remember which
forum, I'm sorry to say, but I remember reading it described as TiVo, but for the radio.
And that's how I heard it described.
And that's when I said we need to fucking get on that because, you know, we were at
that point with doing Orange Lounge Radio where I was like, man, we're really like,
I feel like more people are listening to us, but man, I really wish I knew how we could
just like even push.
And then when I thought somebody could just download the show and listen to it whenever
they want.
Oh, fuck.
That's that's it.
That's what we got to do, because I've had so many people tell me I'd love to listen
to OLR, but I'm busy Sunday nights.
I do this other thing Sunday nights.
So I said we need to get on that.
Absolutely.
But then I also realized, oh, and some of you know this about the old OLR.
And if you go to the archives, you'll see this, the old live show.
We played music breaks.
We played DDR music and dance meetings during the breaks.
So I was like, copyright isn't going to let us put that out on a podcast and let us
download it.
We're going to have to do a separate show.
What could we do a separate show about?
OK, OK, so there's music games.
What if we did a separate show about all the games, all video games?
And that's where the first 20 minutes to go edition came from, was us doing other headlines
and not playing copyrighted music.
And yeah, there was a while when we would do a three hour with music Orange Launch Radio
and then 20 minutes to go afterwards and then 30 minutes and then 40 minutes and then 60
minutes.
And now it's we're spending four hours, sometimes more here doing all of this.
And it's like fucking 1030 before I have to drive home.
I meaning dark soccer, Logie, whatever.
And do you know what?
And so it was like, oh shit.
And then somewhere in the middle of that, Apple launched podcasts and there was a brief
amount of time where there were thousands of people listening to this show every week.
Thousands.
And there were 45 that were here live.
We love the live audience.
We love you all.
You guys turn it out.
But surely you have to understand the perspective, the sudden conundrum we were faced with is
that your spinoff show is now popular than your main show.
How do you fix this?
And so we reinvented the main show to remove the music breaks and basically become an elongated
to go edition.
But with some of our segments, like classic game of the week, I'm not sure it started
at that point.
It might have still been like your website of the week or one of those segments that
came before it.
But I remember doing website of the week and then the Weebill and Bob folks messaged us.
Oh, my God.
That's right.
Oh, that was wild.
That is.
Yeah.
So yeah, I just have to stop.
I just saw Didi Archaholic in chat.
Oh, my God.
Blast from the past.
I am so happy to see you.
It's so nice to hear and see you guys again.
The seeing part is amazing.
Now you guys have come so far, isn't it?
Isn't it?
Technology is wild, my friend.
It's so good to see you.
Yes, I will stop this entire fucking show just to say hi to you.
All right.
So anyway, gosh, where was I?
I don't know.
My whole excitement for seeing Didi Archaholic totally derailed where my brain was with that
question.
But oh, yeah, the question was about how to guides.
So I don't remember.
I remember trying to figure out how to get to the podcast.
I had to download a thing called Lemon Pod, I think was the first because it wasn't an
iTunes yet.
So I had to learn about how that all worked.
I want to say.
Jason, somebody behind the scenes kind of was like audio RSS.
I think I know how to do that.
I don't think that doesn't seem too hard because that's all it is.
It's like RSS, like a blog, but it's attached audio file.
I think I know how to set that up.
And that was it.
So I did have a lot of help.
So on the back end, because Jason built the podcast script that is still in use today.
Might I point out that was built for the original Orange Songs Radio To Go edition.
Episode one is still in use today.
And Jason built that.
I didn't do anything with the tech with that.
So I guess I had a little help PixelPakas.
It's nice to have friends and community that help you with that sort of thing.
We're always thankful for that.
That's for sure.
Okay.
I don't know if any other questions came in, but I'm looking through chat.
Drew Nami showed up.
Oh, talk about blast in the past.
It's so.
I'm like, you better get your ass in here.
This is better than going to your high school reunion, which I never went to any of mine,
but this is even better than that.
I feel like I missed a question somewhere along the way that said something about the
next 20 years.
And like, what was it?
I might've missed it, but something about the next 20 years and I'm sad I missed it.
But honestly, my original reaction to that question was I'm not sure this goes another
20 years, and I don't want to sound defeatist or whatever, but keep in mind another 20 years,
we're going to be 64, 65.
I think we kind of have to accept that there's going to come a time when it's time to say
we did a great thing here, and now we're going to hang up the mantle and let others carry the torch.
I know Dark Sakura's joked about Loki's kids doing it or Julian or whoever out there.
It's kind of funny because I know there are podcasts out there about the DDR scene today,
and I know they don't know who the fuck we are, and that's okay.
I still see it a little bit as passing the torch, if that makes sense.
So it's like when you start to see that next generation come up and you kind of go,
yeah, the kids are going to be all right.
I think is when you start to say maybe it's okay to start to wind it down.
So I just kind of, but at the same time, I've been saying that since episode 100.
So we'll see.
Yeah, now people are saying OLR in the multiverse and all that stuff.
JVMON, oh my God, so good to see you, says, nah, OLR till the 50th anniversary.
TayPlaysGame says, in 20 years we will be rebranding to AARP radio.
DarkTosia says, OLR the next generation.
Or PodCulture says, strange new worlds.
Yeah, a whole universe.
Well, I mean, if you think about universe, OLR was a spinoff show.
I'm not going to hide or be embarrassed because I'm not.
I'm proud of the fact that this show is a spinoff of sorts, of Travis Donovan's
Understandation Live, and Travis Donovan was the man that taught me any idiot can podcast.
And I'm so thankful to him for it.
And this show, I'm well aware, and I'm thankful, has spun off other shows.
Rama's been very upfront and saying anime jam session is a big part of, you know,
it's spinoff from what we do here at Orange Launch Radio and all that good stuff.
And all of that.
So it's funny because we, but there is kind of an OLR universe already that we fit into.
So yeah, go ahead.
I would also like to point out that 60 isn't really that old anymore, being in your 60s.
No, I know.
And who knows, maybe OLR won't be around, but maybe we'll still be podcasting.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And some other comments in chat here.
Where is Travis, says Rama.
Ultimately, and I'm not trying to say this in a shady or whatever way,
you'll have to ask him.
But Travis did retire from this biz, and he's probably hanging with the wife and kids.
And that's OK.
You know, so that's what he's, you know, I can still say I'm so thankful that, you know,
he helped show us how to set up a studio and things like that.
I knew the audio components I would need.
I knew what needed to be there to be going into a live 365 station.
But ultimately, you're going to have to ask him.
He may not even honestly, because this happens to also be my actual birthday.
Nothing I'm posting on Facebook is going to get through today.
So Travis may not even realize it was tonight, to be quite honest.
And that's OK.
He doesn't have to circle it on his calendar or whatever.
So let's see.
JV Mon says, where's Shane?
Text him.
If he's here, he lurks.
But I will say, holy shit, Shane and I had a hilarious stream on Friday night, I think
it was, because Final Fantasy 14 wasn't working.
It was super laggy and it was cutting in and out and all this stuff.
So I was like, all right, I'm just going to switch to Dead by Daylight because I have
that up and ready to go.
It's very easy for me to hit the button to stream that.
I'm going to do that as opposed to something else.
And Shane was like, I'll stay on, whatever.
And I'm like, OK, you know nothing about this game.
He's like, yeah, it'll be fun.
He's like, ooh, ooh, you should let me pick your killer.
And I'm like, all right, let's do this.
That was funny.
And then, oh, my God, it's like listening to grandma describe Pokemon because he literally
didn't fucking know who Freddy Krueger was.
Or Myers.
Or Myers.
And he would be like, oh, no, Bubba Leatherface.
He was like, that's Butthead, right?
From Beavis and Butthead.
It was so I made a highlight of it.
It's on my personal channel at Rob Roberts.
I highlighted that whole section.
It was so funny.
He guessed pig, right?
Well, he said no, he said Miss Piggy.
He said Miss Piggy, but still close enough.
I like what did he call nurse?
Pillow face.
Pillow face or something like that.
Pillow face, which was fairly accurate there, too.
She had a pillowcase overhead.
Yeah.
So that was a fun little side stream.
And you got a fucking 5K with Ghostface with whatever weird ass build he made for you.
Yeah.
He also picked my build and he was giving me shit perks because he doesn't know what
he's picking.
I actually had my you weren't there because you came in when Tay raided me.
Right.
So you only saw that he had just he was picking his perks for you.
So you didn't see my survivor matches.
And in my survivor matches, I said, okay, Shane, pick any perk.
And like the first one he says, he goes carpal tunnel syndrome.
Do that one.
I'm like carpal tunnel syndrome.
Which one's that?
No, neither.
Oh, was the one he was.
I said no.
I said, Shane, I'm going to put my foot down.
That is the one perk you are not allowed to pick because it's the only perk that actively
hurts your character.
And it's going to get me targeted.
Thank you for saying it correctly.
I looked it up.
Oh, yeah.
It's no, neither.
Yeah, I've heard enough streamers say that.
It is Northern English slang for being annoyed for bitching.
So it's like if you can't be bothered or can't be annoyed by it, it's no, neither.
But yeah, but I love Shane's day for carpal tunnel syndrome is the name of the perk.
All right.
But I got fucking tunneled out of the game by a nemesis my first match.
Like my teammates were being awesome and trying to take hits and stuff.
And that nemesis didn't care.
And we think it was because of the pride charm, which sucks.
But that shows how long ways we have to go in gaming.
Me trying to play Claudette.
Got tunneled.
It's just some people's children.
And not prestige, but adapted her.
Nice.
I have seven survivor adapts, Rob.
As of right now, they're easier than the killer ones though.
Aren't they?
Right.
But, but I mean, this is what I'm doing.
I'm actually taking a, I'm doing what I'm doing with all the new killers right now.
And just the first time I play them, I'm only using their default stuff.
And once I adapt them, then I can, you know, like right now.
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh.
I have to tell you something about that.
Cause Rob and I were talking about this before.
I know I'm going off topic.
So Tay asks, spinoff podcast.
When?
So I've been talking with Rob and I've been talking with Finara about doing the state
of DBD in character hosted by miss Amanda Young, the pig.
But there's stuff going on about that.
Cause I'm also doing a visual novel style comic sort of thing.
That's also kind of in the backend of some stuff.
Finara and I have actually been getting like screenshots and some, some stuff playing together.
But but that one's going to be the adventures of Amanda and Meg, the secret besties.
Um, but, uh, but I think, I think that that's got merit and I need more voice people to be guests.
I'll go ahead and just throw it out there.
Now it's, it's, it's something I'm working on in the background.
Get Tay to do a voice.
I think who should Tay voice?
Claudette.
No, I don't think he should voice Claudette.
I'm trying, I think he would definitely be a killer.
And I'm trying to think which killer, uh, which killer would Tay be?
Probably it's gotta be somebody he really thinks is sweaty and doesn't like.
Trickster?
No, we need someone actually new.
Legion.
No, cause I bet you or Finara want to do Legion.
No, I was going to do Julie.
Bubba.
Bubba's a good one.
Tay should definitely do Bubba.
No, Tay should be Frank.
All right.
Anyway, Frank and Bubba.
You're going to be Frank and Bubba.
I'm hiring you.
We've made that transition clearly into our-
Rob is going to be Nia.
We've, we've made that transition clearly into our gaming weeks.
So let's talk a little bit about the other games we've been playing this week.
Dark Soccer, I don't want to spend an hour on Dead by Daylight, but I did notice you
are now playing Survivor.
You finally broke the ice in playing Survivor.
And I feel like-
I got forced into it.
I was like, now that you've had your first hit, I feel like you're kind of, I, I feel
I'm getting the read, you're kind of into it, but why don't you tell us what's, what's,
what's the latest on DVD?
Okay.
So back in the day, I tried to play Survivor and I hated it.
That was at least in the demo.
There's video of this.
It's on my TikTok of me going around saying, stop healing me.
I want to die.
So at any rate, I played, I played two games with, for Thirst Trap, the thing that, that
Nick and Isaaco do.
And one game I think Homotron was in it.
And the other one was Anti Vortex, if I want to, if I remember correctly.
Nope.
Nope.
Cosinon was in one and Anti Vortex was in the other, but at any rate, and I had a hundred
percent survival rate.
They covered my butt.
I, I went to the wrong gate both times and just opened it and left.
But it was all right.
You know, I was, I was screaming the entire time and going, oh shit and fucking stuff
up.
And, you know, I got hooked exactly once and I was like, okay, I have a hundred percent
survival rate.
I'm not going to ruin it.
No more Survivor.
And then the anniversary came out and there was a cosmetic, cause you know, my favorite
thing to do with my survivors is to make them a fashion show.
Glamour is the end game of any game as a service.
That is my whole point for even having survivors is to dress them up pretty.
And there's cosmetic came out for Hattie, the new survivor that I needed all of it.
It was so cute.
I needed it.
And so I, I told Venara, look, I have to play Hattie and please play with me.
Keep me alive.
And Venara has been my backbone, my, my gaming partner.
We were, we were, uh, college roommates.
I have known Venara more than some of you have been alive.
So, um, she's been the Nancy to your Drew, but not literally Nancy.
Hmm.
I don't know.
I'm trying to think of famous, uh, uh, crime fighting duo is in history.
The hard is like the, what's your face to my Daria.
Okay.
Oh, Jane, Jane.
She's a Jane to my Daria.
Um, but anyway, um, I, I, I played and I was like, okay, I'm just going to start off and
do a depths, you know, just adapt the whole time.
Um, and I got through a few games and I was like, you know what?
This doesn't exactly suck.
And the thing is what really cinched it for me.
Okay.
Yeah.
I did Michaela next.
I had points in her.
I did Claire next.
I had points in her because I had wanted, you know, Claire.
Cause that was my thing.
And I played Meg because I like Meg and Meg was pretty fun.
It was like GTFO powers.
I'm down.
But what cinched it for me was playing Mia.
Little sneaky ass ninja girl, Nia.
I am an urban evading.
You are an urban evasion, Nia.
And you are not going to apologize for it.
I am an urban evasion, a balanced landing pebble Nia.
I tried for the record to use Dead Hard once.
I don't like Dead Hard.
They're changing that.
They're all changing.
They're all, all those perks are changing anyway.
Well, yeah, but still I figured I'm just going to use it while I can.
And booming, I felt completely filthy the whole time on Michaela.
So I was like, but sneaking around and throwing the pebble and I have like self-heal on her
for right now, just because people have been kind of, but our self-care.
But Nia's actually been pretty fun.
And I'm kind of digging it, although I'm going to work.
I did Claudette as well.
It was okay.
Little boring.
Sorry.
I know Tay, Claudette's your girl.
It's kind of boring to me, but I'm going to do Fang next.
And then I'm probably going to do Cheryl, but I don't know.
My Nia is like level 48 right now.
And this is me playing her for exactly two days.
So, I mean, yeah, we are getting the bonus points and everything, but well, I don't know
Tay.
I have a, all right.
So Tay says, I mean, all survivors are literally just reskins to hold perks, but I don't take
it personally.
No, some survivors though are loud as fuck and annoying.
I don't, my problem with Claudette is that she sounds like a whimpering puppy when she's
hurt and I can hear her across any freaking map.
And I'm like, if I can hear a Claudette from halfway across the map, they'll be able to
hear me or who else is loud and annoying?
Yujin?
Just a few of them.
Jill, Jill's kind of annoying.
Nia, however, if she's in crouch mode, you don't hear shit.
I love her.
She is the Ninja and that, and I have her in a brown outfit with green hair.
Just dump me on mother's dwelling and I will hide.
But anyway, it all started because of my need for cosmetics.
It's Nia, N-E-A, the November Echo Alpha.
Did I NATO Alpha that right?
Close enough.
Yeah.
And she's Swedish.
But anyway, but anyway, that is, that is what got me into playing survivor and the thing
that I actually find fun about it is that because I've played killer so long, I know
a lot of tricks that people who only play survivor don't.
Now, my problem is that because I have to use this, you know, thumb trackball for ergonomic
reasons, I can't look behind me when I run, but I've found it's actually kind of easy
to spin people.
Like I have a hard time if people try to spin me as killer and my, uh, counteraction to
that is that when people start to do the spin, I stop and they run into me and then I stab
them in the face and it's awesome.
But I was spinning this nurse yesterday.
I mean, she was getting me, you know, at other times, but I was getting some good spins on
that.
And on top of that, I was like, is this Elsie?
Cause it was a compo nurse.
And then the, um, the weapon was the wrong weapon.
And then this person obviously wasn't Elsie.
I'll just put it that way.
If I could spin her, it wasn't, it wasn't Elsie.
No.
Yeah.
Um, it was a bit at any rate.
That was, it was my, uh, aesthetic senses that got me into playing survivor.
There you go.
And I'm having fun because I'm playing with friends.
Now we'll hear from both coasts on Dev I daily.
And I love playing with you too, Rob.
That was awesome.
I joined for a little bit on, I think two of your streams actually.
So yeah, you did.
You did.
Cause I, I, I did, I actually, I was going to do all killer on Thursday and Friday.
And then, uh, I did, uh, I ended up doing survivor both of those days.
And then I forgot I was streaming last night for some stupid reason.
I just wanted your flan.
Yeah.
But I played two games with, uh, Elsie and company last night.
That's fun.
And they were playing protect the Sakura.
It was cute.
Getting involved in the streamer communities and stuff is really, really fun.
I think.
Yeah.
Funara the meat shield.
And then, uh, and then Sierra was like, aren't you supposed to be streaming?
And I'm like, oh yeah.
So I did a bunch of killer matches and help people farm.
And just, uh, I was trying to finish getting the community achievement.
And I couldn't, because I'm not that good at evasion as survivor yet.
I did the chaser one is killer.
Um, and that was pretty fun.
And I met new people and I made new friends and now I'm 15 followers away from 500.
Oh, so close.
Get there, get there close.
We have some people who haven't visited in a long time tonight.
Be sure to drop your Twitch in there.
Uh, of course I'll still be playing afterwards and maybe not for my full three hours now,
but I might be playing for a little bit after.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
I'll shout myself out.
Um, let's see.
Um, so my gaming week, I'll, I'll just keep it real brief.
Um, with the new computer, I've been playing a lot of the same stuff, but it's just so
nice to play things like Final Fantasy 14 and it's so smooth.
Uh, and, uh, I also play a little dead by daylight as we talked about earlier.
And then I've actually been spending a lot of time on Diablo two resurrected.
I know like how random, but I did, it was, it was a little, it played okay on my old
computer, but on this one, Oh, it's butter.
And it looks so good.
And the reflections are so nice.
And, uh, the whole thing just has me hype for Diablo four, to be honest.
I'm not sure I'm going to play much more Diablo two.
Cause it's just like, Oh yeah, that old game was really grindy.
You had to drop a lot of hours in this game.
But, um, it has me hype for Diablo four.
And I'm, I'm just excited to see the pretty graphics.
I also played no man's sky.
What I, um, big shock, right?
But here's the pleasant surprise.
I've always said that the Microsoft stuff and the things you earn there, you can't use
them in the steam version.
Well, guess what?
If you download the windows game pass version instead, everything transfers over because
it's still Xbox.
So I can play on PC and keep all my crap.
I just have to play in the windows store and I'm totally fine doing that.
It really doesn't fucking matter to me what store it's on.
I just want to play the game.
So I stayed in my steamer, like for dead by daylight, if I can ever get dead by daylight
to run on steam, then all of my, uh, achievements and cosmetics will carry over.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Cause the, yeah, that's nice for that game.
Yeah.
So, um, that's it.
I'll keep it short.
Cause I know we still have like our classic game and stuff, but Loki, I want to get to
you too.
How was your gaming week?
It was Minecraft.
Surprise.
Um, no, this week we, I started off on the new, actually it was last week, um, on that
Saturday started on channel 64, the new SMP that I'm playing on.
And so I put out my first episode this week, which is, um, a little bit shorter than I
want to.
The problem was I did so much in that like first few days that I couldn't really fit
what I wanted to include in there.
So that's going to be kind of this next episode plus a build, uh, which I'm working on right
now.
Um, so yeah, it's been, it's been a lot of fun.
So I've been really enjoying that.
And then as far as other things, there weren't other things as usual.
All right.
But you got some.
Oh no, no, no.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
There was one other thing also Minecraft.
Um, so I film what probably will be the last episode of my hardcore series in which I fought
the under dragon with about eight to 10 wardens also running around at the same time.
So that was fun.
So think that'll be coming out.
I don't know if I want to continue that series anymore or if I can, you know, I don't want
to spoil anything.
Um, so that may be the end, but that'll be coming out soon.
I just have to edit it down.
All right.
Okay.
Uh, because of all the great questions, our Q and a segment tonight went pretty much took
up the entire show, which is fine.
I don't, I wouldn't want to spend our 20th show any other way, but we did kind of end
up saying, fuck the news.
Uh, we will quickly run through the headlines this week.
We're going to spend no more than like two sentences on each headline.
So our first story, Sony is skipping games com.
I don't know if there's a lot more to say than that.
Loki, they're not going to be there.
Maybe they'll do their own thing.
Is it a big deal?
Um, I don't know if they have anything in the show.
Honestly, I think they might just be saving for their own thing.
Um, and I think there'd be a lot of questions about VR too and stuff.
I just think, you know, even though many people have decided the pandemic is over, I don't
think it really is.
And there's a lot of that.
That's probably of a concern to Sony as well, where it's like, maybe now just isn't really
the time, especially if they want to, if they want to show off a VR headset, the middle
of the pandemic is not a great time to do that.
So no recession.
Yeah.
Activision stockholders.
I know that, um, Bobby Kotick is still going to be on the board, which has a lot of people
saying literally what the fuck is happening.
Um, because that's some bullshit.
Um, but otherwise there's this weird thing where the stockholders had voted to release
the annual harassment reports and the company has said, we'll consider doing that.
The stockholders seriously need to revolt and Bobby Kotick needs to be thrown out on
his stupid ass.
I just, that guy's day of reckoning is long overdue, long overdue, um, dark soccer.
This ties into the beginning of the show, but the, um, video game companies talking
about the Supreme court ruling.
Oh yeah.
Bungie blasted them.
So many other companies are standing in solidarity and there's a lot of companies out there that
are, uh, basically already offering to pay travel expenses for people who have to go
out of state for, uh, for their healthcare.
Yeah.
Uh, Sonic origins ha had, um, it launched, but I guess it's got issues, right?
Logie.
Yeah.
It was developed under a major time crunches and it was also not necessarily perfect when
it came out.
And according to some of the devs, they were complaining about, um, some of the performance,
you know, that they had basically, you know, that their performance under such pressure,
but you know, everyone is very unhappy about the state of origins and even the Sonic three
component.
Um, I know they're like Sonic three, for example, also had like some of the music changed in
it because of licensing issues, which this is great.
Cause we did get a confirmation from Yuji Naka that Michael Jackson did end up composing
music for Sonic three.
It was heavily suggested.
Now the internet can shut the fuck up about that.
God.
But like it was legit actually though.
It's funny though.
Cause there is a video I watched about talking about the, um, comparison by game explain
and actually some of the music isn't necessarily from Michael Jackson.
One of them is literally like a chip tune version of a, um, actual like song that wasn't
by Michael Jackson.
So they couldn't include that as well because, you know, you didn't license that song.
So oops, oops.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Our next story was that there was a Xenoblade Chronicles three direct this week, uh, from
Nintendo.
So Nintendo did a direct, but it was all about Xenoblade Chronicles three.
And honestly, it just kind of made me think I need to go back and really beat the first
game.
Cause it was really fun.
I played like 10, 15 hours of it, but I never actually beat it because that game can take
hundreds of hours.
I wasn't as into the second game, but I wonder if it's because I didn't really finish the
first one, although the two stories are disconnected.
But yeah, I know the people that are really hyped for that series really enjoyed the direct.
A lot of different things are planning to do with it, like amiibo support and things
like that.
So it's going to be a real good summer.
If you're a Xenoblade fan, cause there's a whole nother game for you to eat up, uh,
dark soccer, you'd reference Stadia earlier in the show.
Stadia is hiring right now for, um, an engineering manager, immersive stream for games, Stadia.
Um, and basically, uh, they are looking into major projects.
So basically wanting someone to major, uh, to lead a team for designers.
Um, and then, um, of course there's also that expansion into having Intel compatible games.
Um, they're still not leaving the AMD universe, but there's also, uh, as seen in their change
log, there's also, uh, uh, evidence that there's going to be a saints row release.
Um, and, uh, they're gonna, they're go leading to Stadia 4.18.
So there will be different exploration, uh, 1440p and motion controls.
So long story short Stadia is not as dead as a lot of people seem to think it is.
They're still expanding.
Yup.
Uh, Loki, I talked about this game earlier, Pokemon go and we're debating it again, right?
It's it's, it's just more of the same stuff we've been hearing for a while now about how
Niantic keeps pulling back different things that they had put in place during the pandemic
that people kind of got accustomed to.
And now, um, you know, especially like with remote rating, um, they stopped giving out
the free, uh, weekly one, uh, coin remote rate pass, um, that was available.
And then now they've chart or they're upping the cost of the three remote rate passes.
So now that's instead of, you know, paying 250 where you get like a 50 coin discount
for buying three, uh, it is now just 100 coins each pass, which is kind of annoying.
Plus they also decided that half the length of the community day from the six to three
hours, uh, from 11 AM to 2 PM only.
So, and they're saying that there's, was it the ability to ask or that players are also
going to be able to extend the day past 2 PM by taking part in a new type of gym.
That was the whole real new thing that they did with this community day, which I didn't
care for.
Um, this part, because Mike Deaf says this is old news.
Yeah, the, the, the recapping going on this week is kind of encompassing both what happened
before and what they did with this community day, which they made some changes and it made
the evolved form of dino spawn more often.
I did community day.
It was hot out.
I did not have a good time.
I caught my three shinies and I was done and it was a lot harder to catch shinies cause
that stupid evolved zelius or whatever.
Well, it was nice to, I understand people wanted it for the exile candy, but those things
can't be shiny and it was silly.
And then the raid thing, it was like, I'm not, I can't, the, the problem with Niantic's
thinking about, we're going to get out everybody in person.
Well, when they limit it to certain timeframes and stuff, it was a hundred degrees here.
No, I'm not doing that.
So it was just, I, there's still a lot of, a lot of kinks to be worked out.
That's for sure.
And that's the weather isn't all like the Bay area.
Exactly.
Everywhere in the country, in the ferry building where Niantic's located.
All right.
Anyway, uh, moving on.
Halo master chief collection is looking at adding microtransactions, which is surprising
is that game is eight years old, but, um, I kind of go, you know what?
Mario Kart eight is also that old and they're still releasing DLC.
So you know what?
If they want to extend the life of that game, just make the microtransactions have value.
I'm not sure if it's silly cosmetics, it'll have value, but
Halo master chief collection is kind of like the Wii sports of game pass.
And I feel like even though, yes, that game is eight years old, it's like that greatest
hits collection.
It's like Abba gold.
It's a CD that's going to sell for years and years and years and years.
Cause it's just the classics.
And I think that's kind of where Halo master chief.
But I don't think this is, I don't think this is like that though, because they're
adding an in game currency, which it's because they want to do a battle pass.
I'm sure with the multiplayer.
Yeah.
But like you could just sell that stuff for like real money.
Like you just buy it.
You don't have to buy an in game current.
I mean, I get it.
They want to turn it into a live service.
Maybe because Halo Infinite's not working as well for them.
I don't know.
Or maybe they just double dip that stuff.
But, um, yeah, I don't like it.
Do do something else.
Like if you're going to do that, or like, you know, the master chief collection is not
free, you know, make, make it free then.
No, but it is, it is a game pass.
And I think a lot of people are, are which, but I know game pass is free.
I'm just saying, I think they're loading it a little bit because they know this is like
a go-to staple.
Many people install with game pass.
Sort of my thought on that.
Just, you know, vote with your wallet.
That's right.
Vote with your wallet at the end of the day.
All right.
Well, now we're going to, in our next segment, take a trip down memory lane to a game that
is way too old for them to patch with microtransactions.
And I'm sure many of you are very curious.
What did Jamie pick?
20 year old show tonight.
Let's go roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And I have to admit, I'm only a little surprised at this pick because I thought, oh, she'll
do like Bamani DDR or something, but you went kind of a different direction.
You were like, I'm going to pick a classic bold, underlined, italic.
Like this game is how we have many other, many other games, a genre of games, but dark
soccer, I will say no more.
What did you pick for the classic game of the week?
I picked asteroids.
We're going old school with this.
So Asteroids is a multi-directional shooting game.
It was designed by Lyle Rains and Ed Log.
It was released in arcades in North America, November, 1979 by Atari.
You are a spaceship in an asteroid field, you have some flying saucers go by, but you
have to shoot and destroy the asteroids and the saucers while not colliding into either
or being hit in the crossfire.
And the game, of course, gets harder as you go.
This is considered to be one of the very first from the golden age of arcade games.
It sold over 70,000 arcade cabinets.
And it's been a hyper influential over the decades.
And I would actually fifth dream says this is No Man's Sky Zero, right?
I'd say actually, probably without this one, we wouldn't have No Man's Sky.
We wouldn't have a lot of games.
And indeed, this game was considered to be a direct influencer of Defender and Gravatar
and a few other games.
So Asteroids was, they came up with it when Log and Rains used some of the hardware that
was developed by Howard Delman that had been used on Lunar Lander to make a game and they
based it off an unfinished game called Cosmos using its physics model, the control scheme
and gameplay elements that also were from Spacewar!, Computer Space and Space Invaders
and they refined it.
The game is rendered on a vector display with a two dimensional view that wraps around both
screen axes.
So going into this, this is also one of those games that taught us how to exploit some of
the code in it because there's what's called a lurking exploit.
So basically, the saucers were supposed to begin shooting when they appeared and it got
changed.
And additionally, they could only aim at the player ship on screen and they are not able
to see beyond the game boundaries.
So you could lurk near the edge of the screen opposite the saucer and so basically it couldn't
shoot you.
They did put out, they have Atari patched the game, they patched the EPROM and removed the
exploits.
So here's also an early example of game patches.
But going back to the design of the game, basically, Log was really impressed with the
Atari video computer system, which was retitled to the Atari 2600.
And so he joined Atari's co-op division to work on Dirtbike.
It's a game that never came out.
It had an unsuccessful field test, also joined by Paul Mancuso.
He was on the development team as the asteroid's technician and engineer Howard Delman also
worked on the hardware.
And so the other fella in this reigns discussed a game called Planet Grab, which is a multiplayer
arcade game that was renamed to Cosmos.
And basically it went from there and so basically it just ended up, well, actually the game
Cosmos that they had in its unfinished version, it had a giant indestructible asteroid.
And so Reigns asked Log, well, why don't we have a game where you shoot the rocks and
blow them up?
And so the concept was born.
It was developed as a vector game.
So, of course, the lines are all drawn, the graphics are all drawn on a vector monitor.
Although Reigns originally wanted it to be done in raster graphics, but Log wanted Vector
because it would allow more precise aiming and a higher quality image.
And so it's a modified MOS 6502 and QuadraScan, which is the high res vector processor that
Atari developed.
And it's referred to as an XY display system.
The digital vector generator is the other term.
So at any rate, they all came out of science and engineering, which was Atari's off campus
research lab in Grass Valley, which is not far from us.
Oh, wow.
I didn't realize it was there.
That's cool.
Yeah.
And of course, that design was first used on Lunar Lander.
So the modified board had five buttons, 13 sound effects and additional RAM, and it was
used to develop asteroids.
The board itself is four by four inches linked up to a monitor.
So eventually, the prototype, once it existed, different members of the Atari staff, engineers
would just walk between labs and stop and play the game.
And people just were getting into it.
So Atari tested the game first in arcades.
Guess where, Rob?
Also near here?
Like here in Zach?
Sacramento.
Wow, cool.
There's a reason why I brought this up.
And they would basically watch people while they play it.
Players were...
I made a complaint they didn't get too much of a break in the game, especially those who
were used to Space Invaders.
But what they did is they ended up just making little adjustments to the game.
So Atari will slow down as you gain 50 to 100 lives.
But there's no limit on the lives you display.
You can lose the game if more than 250 lives are collected.
So let's get on to the home versions.
Asteroids was released for the Atari VCS, AKA the Atari 2600, and the Atari 8-bit family
of computers in 1981.
And then the Atari 7800 in 1986.
There was a port for the 5200.
It was supposed to be just like the 8-bit version.
It was developed in 82 and not published.
And I do believe that we have a prototype of it.
One of the...
We released prototypes.
I mean, we've got two Atari 5200s.
The 7800 version was a launch title and had co-op play.
And Asteroids had colorful textures, but they did keep the heartbeat sound from the original.
And basically, though, the programmers who had to get it onto a 4 kilobyte cartridge
started...
When they worked on it, they basically made this game the first console to use bank switching.
So a technique that basically switches a ROM size from 4 kilobytes to 8 kilobytes.
This game was ridiculously popular.
It displaced space invaders, had 70,000 units, earned about 150 million in sales from the game,
and a further 500 million in coin drops.
Basically, because it had been based on the Lunar Lander vector thing,
it actually shipped in Lunar Lander cabinets.
And then they had to put larger coin boxes in the games to accommodate all the people
who were spending money on it.
It was the highest ranking game on the US replay amusement arcade charts in 1980.
And it became the highest grossing arcade video game of 1980 in the US after space invaders.
Now, here's the side thing, though.
Actually, let me go back a little bit more.
They did an asteroid deluxe unit that also did fairly well,
but it was a failure in Japan when it was released in 1980 because of the complex controls.
And the Japanese market was losing interest in space shooters at the time.
I mean, I think they just came out of the whole space invaders
huge craze that was causing the yen shortage.
But at any rate, it got really good ratings.
It was really fun.
It was one of the first games that tracked your initials and allow you to put in your high score.
It was praised for its vector graphics.
It was, in 1996, Next Generation listed as number 39 of their top 100 games of all years.
Retro Gamer put it in the top 25.
It was added to the Museum of Modern Art's collection of video games.
The Guardian listed Asteroids as the second greatest game of 1970, just below Galaxian.
And I mean, it's just got like all kinds of just accolades.
And also in Saturday Night Live, the characters of Mr. Bill and Sluggo were
they were referring to the saucers in an Esquire article.
And so, Lug got a cease and desist letters from a lawyer with the Mr. Bill trademark.
Very, very silly.
There were sequels.
1981, our Asteroids Deluxe came out and the enhancements were made by Dave Shepard
with Outlog's involvement.
The objects were tinted blue, hyperspace replaced by a shield that depletes.
There's a killer satellite, had a holographic backdrop.
And then after that, there was Space Duel,
where the rocks were colorful geometric shapes and had co-op two player.
And then a game that I have covered for a classic game was Blasteroids in 1987.
They had branching levels and bosses and docking your ships and multiplayer.
And it was raster graphics instead of vector.
So for re-releases on the Lynx, we had Super Asteroids and Missile Command.
Activision released it for many different series in their collections.
Crave did Asteroids Hyper 64.
There was a version for by, I think, for the Jaguar.
Just so many different like game room versions and mobile phone versions
and just all kinds that are a little bit too many to mention.
And then we had the clones because back in the day, it was all about send in the clones.
Quality Software did Asteroids in Space for the Apple II.
There were Appleoids was another one.
Mindstorm for the Vetrex, Acornsoft's meteors.
Moons of Jupiter for the VIC-20.
Planetoids for the TRS-80.
Meteor Storm for the Sinclair Zetec Spectrum.
And another very bad Asteroids clone for the VIC-20 was out there.
There's also a Mattel Intellivision game meteor
that was canceled due to a lawsuit for Asteroids and was reworked as Astro Smash.
Um, world records.
Yeah, Twin Galaxies.
And I'm not going to go with Twin Galaxies, so whatever.
But I mean, think of all the other games that have come out that are kind of based on that.
I would wager like Geometry Wars, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And you know, one of my favorite games ever of on the ColecoVision is Space Fury.
One would argue that Space Fury was based off of Asteroids.
I would say it's definitely based off Asteroids.
Yep.
Just all kinds of games like that, you know?
And like I was saying, this one paved the way for generations of space motion games, I would say.
You know, I think without Asteroids, it was the next big thing to push the industry.
And on top of that, again, it led to very, uh, you know, innovations that we take for
granted today, like being able to put in your high score.
That was Asteroids.
So, uh, I'm claiming that for Classic Game and I'm sticking to it.
No, great pick for the Classic Game of the Week here on our
20th anniversary show, episode number 920, Asteroids, which many people in chat are kind
of lighting up saying, this is the first video game I remember playing.
So it's definitely, definitely a classic in that regard.
All right.
I, um, there is somewhere with a picture of me like four years old in like 1980 playing
an asteroid standing on a stool somewhere out there.
There's, there's a picture of me like that, but Crystal Castles is the game.
Yeah.
All right.
We're going to skip a couple of segments here.
We're going to skip our rapid fire news and our world release dates.
And we're just going to rip, uh, Bernie Stiller.
Yes.
Sorry.
I forgot that was in rapid fire news tonight.
Um, let's take a look at the, uh, last few headlines here.
I think Loki, this first one was yours.
Yep.
So, uh, the X cloud stuff is getting mouse and keyboard support, which is pretty nice.
So that's the thing.
Yeah.
I'm excited to try that.
That'd be great.
Yeah.
Uh, dark Sakura.
I don't know if you can make this one short, but a study on child intelligence involving
games.
Um, basically a video games can boost child's intelligent TV and social media had no, uh,
effects in this way.
Um, and intelligence is not a constant.
So it has to be, uh, judged in situational areas and ongoing for it to have a solid measure
of it.
So this, uh, study has been going on for a while.
Uh, Loki, this next one, this is kind of something I want to download and try.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, you're probably not going to be able to do that unless you have a modded
switch system, but, um, some, some crafty modders have made super Mario Odyssey multiplayer.
Um, and it is a 10 player mod that works on modded consoles, allows you to play with a
bunch of people.
You can all, um, it's all synced together.
You can collect moons together and, uh, lots of different custom game modes.
Nintendo will shut it down immediately.
This is really something that they should implement in the actual super Mario Odyssey
game, but they'll never do it.
No, not at this point, but you know, if rumors are true that they're working on a Luigi
Odyssey or some type of super Mario Odyssey to, you know, listen up clearly fans want
this, right?
Yeah, it'd be pretty cool.
Um, the last story, there was a lot of, uh, press things going around about Final Fantasy
16, this week's new interviews.
And one of them was confirmed that, um, Final Fantasy 16 will not be open world.
Um, but honestly, I don't think that's that big of a deal.
The only one that was open world was 15 and a lot of people didn't care for 15.
Um, and you know, if you look at 14, you know, for being in an MMO, it takes place
in segmented zones.
And that sounds a lot like what they have planned for 16.
And at the end of the day, honest to God, creative business unit three fixed Final
Fantasy 14 and made it one of the greatest games out there right now, especially in the
MMO space.
I'm just going to trust them.
If this is their creative decision for 16, if they've changed the combat so that you
only play one person and you do have a party, but you don't really use them.
All right.
You know what?
I'm going to just hear it out.
I'm going to, I'm going to see what they bring to the table because, you know, 14 was so
good.
I'm, I'm willing to give it a chance, but I'm just to see, say the bar, the bar is very
high.
Um, we are past the three hour mark tonight, so I'm going to beg that we roll over the,
um, Twitter and mailbag stuff to next week.
I will just say big, big thank you to, um, everybody who sent stuff in.
Uh, I saw the tweets.
A lot of you were very lovely on Twitter today, and I want to thank you for that.
I didn't even consider that there were people that wanted to call in tonight.
Of course they do.
It's the 20th year and we always do Collins.
I'm going to, I'm going to do the two minute rule tonight.
We're doing quick phone calls tonight.
So you got to introduce yourself and say what you got to say.
So here we go.
I'm going to start bringing people in.
If you want to call in vognetwork.com and slash discord, excuse me, vognetwork.com
slash discord, and then you can join the green room.
We'll bring in our first contestant tonight.
Hi there.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hello there.
I don't know if you know, I just brought you in the room, but hi, you're on orange
launch radio.
Who's this?
Okay.
Oh, Nope.
They left.
So we'll try bringing in someone else.
Let's try another contestant.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
This is Brad from pod culture.
Hey, Brad from pod culture.
It's great to hear from you the two minute rules in effect tonight.
So what's on your mind real quick?
Just calling to say congratulations on 20, man.
Thank you so much.
And I know pod culture was a show.
You're named after a show that you had for a very long time.
That was no small spring chicken itself.
You know what I mean?
It had a great life.
I miss it, my friend.
Let's just say that well, OLR inspired kind of the early days of pod culture, and that's
why I was calling in.
It's you guys were a huge influence on how we set up the feel of our shows.
Just three or four friends sitting around shooting the shit about stuff that they like.
Let's just say there might be something in the works where we can all record virtually.
I will look forward to it.
Good luck.
Pod culture.
We'll look forward to seeing it.
Have a good one, my friend.
Happy anniversary, guys.
Thank you.
Thanks for being here all these years.
All right.
Bye bye.
Bye.
All right.
Let's try to bring you one more real quick, and we'll see if this works this time.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
I think it's actually working this time because Discord decided to mute me when I had everything
all set.
I mean, what the heck?
All right.
Well, the two minute rules in effect tonight.
So what's on your mind, my friend?
And it's great to hear and see you DJ Rama S.
I love your shirt.
All right.
Thank you.
I decided to wear this as an honor for 20 amazing years.
It's perfect.
I love it.
So I'm bringing back our tradition, and I'll make this as quick as possible.
So I have the first one for Loki.
I do it.
The straight man, the voice of reason, the angriest SOB when it comes to gaming.
So when he gets mad, you sit down, you shut up, and you listen.
And by the way, Ron must take it a shot.
And Bobby does have a good point.
If you're audio only, we don't know what's on the shirt.
What is on the shirt tonight?
It's like Sailor Moon fighting.
Yeah.
So we all know Marvel versus Capcom.
And what's popular are these cool types of T shirts.
This one is a parody of the Marvel versus Capcom fighting select screen, but it's all
the classic anime series from the 90s and 2000s.
So currently on my shirt, you have Kenshin Himuro from Rurouni Kenshin and Sailor Moon
going up against Hikaru from Magic Knight Ray Earth.
And Yusuke Urameshi from Yu Yu Hockey Show.
I'd love it.
We do still call that out in my house from time to time.
You'll hear Dan just randomly call that out.
Oh, yeah?
Because I'm sorry.
Great.
Now I can't think of.
Quabra?
Yeah.
That was his guy.
I always have trouble trying to pronounce his name too.
No, I couldn't remember his name off the top of my head.
I was like, something like I'm having my two minute rule.
And Rama's got some more toast to do.
I'm sorry.
I have to be that guy.
But we're long to this one for Jamie Dark Sakura.
And I say this in the most lovingly way of possible.
The head bitch in charge.
When you hear her talk, if you don't listen, that's your ass.
Love you bestie.
Salut.
L'chaim.
L'chaim.
And to Rob, the sassiest motherfucker I have ever met.
Thank you.
When you speak, we listen.
Because the show has become, we just come out and hang out
and we talk and we have a damn good time.
So Rob, thanks for everything.
The fish, the whole nine yards.
And I remember having a cup like that.
I adore you.
The last one.
Oh, please trust.
Here's to you.
Here's to me.
The best of friends will ever be.
If we should ever happen to disagree.
Well, then fuck you.
And here's to me.
And now I must bid adieu because I have to get up at 7 a.m.
For work.
So good night, Joe.
Good night, Rama.
Party without you.
Anime Jam session, Tuesday nights, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
See you then.
Bye.
Bye.
I love this.
All right.
Let's just to play the music like the Oscars.
Pull in a few more.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
Swell the music up as we give people the hook.
Hi, you're on Orange Tons Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Mike Deft.
Mike Deft.
It's good to hear from you.
As you know, the two minute rules in effect tonight.
But it's great to hear what's on your mind.
I'm going to keep it short.
And again, I want to thank you or congratulate you first
for the 20th anniversary.
And also thank you, each one of you, because, yeah, it's been an amazing 20 years for you.
I'm obviously haven't been 20 years here, but something I said earlier.
It feels like you've been here since the beginning.
But I mean that as a compliment.
I hope you know.
Yeah.
But something I said in chat earlier that the best compliment you can get is basically
the inspiration you set on other people to do their own thing.
And I really want to emphasize in that, that if your grandma is doing his podcast,
if I'm doing my podcast, so many people who have inspired over the years.
And I'm really thankful for being part of our lives.
Like, it's been amazing.
And hopefully you can keep doing this at least for a long time, or at least a few years more.
And again, thanks so much for all you do.
Thank you so much.
It truly is the greatest compliment.
And I said, I'm not going to cry tonight.
I'm not going to do it.
But thank you so much for that.
We can cry, Rob.
I know, but I'm not going to.
Do you have no tears left to cry?
No, by the way, who also shares my birthday today?
Ariana Grande.
Thank you very much.
I'm so honored.
All right.
I have Tim Curry, though.
Deft with the GFM cast.
Or should I say, hey, F-A-M-A cast, right?
I say that right.
Hey, F-A-M-A cast.
Awesome.
All right.
Enjoy.
It's all in Spanish, though.
So it helps to be able to speak the language.
I would love to come on your show if I could hang with the language, but I could do a bumper.
I got Google Translate.
All right.
That would be awesome.
All right.
Take care, Deft.
It's great to hear from you.
Thanks.
All right.
Bye-bye.
All right.
We got a couple more.
Last chance.
Get you a butt in the green room if you want to call in.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is YYR.
Hey, YYR.
It's good to hear from you.
What's up?
I'm sorry.
The two-minute rule is in effect tonight, though.
Oh, that is just fine.
I know this is difficult, but you have to keep it short.
What's on your mind?
I do.
I will.
Listen, first, I just want to say.
Right.
Congratulations on 20 years, and I just want to also say thank you.
I had no idea that when this, you know, a friend of mine named Matt, who you all know as SSJ100Matt,
told me about this podcast all the way back in 2008 and said, hey, you know, maybe you
could plug your game Snake 360 on there.
I had no idea that this would be the start of a beautiful relationship and also just,
you know, it's entertaining to listen to you guys week in and week out.
So thank you.
I really appreciate that.
But actually, I just wanted to mention, because, you know, a few of the things that have been
said on the show have led to me creating games.
And a few times, I've heard something, and my immediate reaction was, I have to do that.
There is one outstanding moment on this show that I had that reaction to that I have not
been able to make good on yet, and I figured, hopefully, it'll come through my mic.
I would like to go ahead and play it.
It is way back from episode 775 that took place in 2019.
This part immediately happened after, Rob, you introduced a story about Platinum Games,
and they were mentioning that they had a couple of projects in development that were too early
to announce, but they promised they were like nothing that had ever come before, to which
Loki replied,
Please, please do not say you are surprise announcing Wrecked Gun here on the show.
I have nothing to announce yet, but I promise it will be like nothing you've ever seen before.
Or want to see.
And with that, I say congratulations once again, and I will bid you adieu.
You make dreams a reality here at Orange Launch Radio, and I really can't thank you enough,
even though I'm really about to cuss you out, so I'm going to let you go.
Have a great night and a great week.
Take care.
At least it's not like Gatling cock or something.
Oh my God.
We said that on episode 775, and that man remembered.
Do not blow it out your ass.
Literally.
I see it's a very correct.
Okay, we still have a couple more calls.
Let's get you and I love it.
These are names I don't get to see very often, so let's do it.
Let's bring in another caller.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, oh, hi.
Hi, it's Orange, right?
You're here.
Hey, Orange, right?
It's good to hear from you.
I don't think we hear from you a lot.
Sorry about that.
No, I know it's very jarring.
It's like you're sitting in a room.
This kind of thing.
I'm watching the Twitch feed and the Discord at the same time, so it's all good.
All good.
Well, what is on your mind tonight, my friend?
Unfortunately, the two minute rules in effect tonight, so I got to keep it quick.
What's up?
All right.
I just wanted to I wish I came in with a real question, but I just wanted to say congratulations
on the 20 years and thank you for making my Sunday nights that much more special.
Thank you for being here.
It wouldn't be so fun if we didn't have the chat room and you've been a huge presence
in our chat room with your insightful comments and you've got a very rich knowledge about
a lot of games and you do a lot of live fact checking on the show and I appreciate that.
It's better to fact check live than get the email the next week.
Boy, you guys really fucked up that one story.
It's so nice to have that live and just super appreciate that, my friend.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, Orange Wright, you take care and I hope we hear from you again when we're not running
three and a half hours.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Bye bye.
So I'm intentionally leaving someone in there to be last.
So just to be clear, I'm not purposely pulling it.
I'm not purposely letting people jump the line.
I'm purposely letting having one person have the last word.
We have another call coming in, though, so let's get to it.
Hello.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Okay, you might be muted or you're just not realizing we picked you up on Discord yet.
Hello.
Hola.
Bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Okay.
We're having some mic trouble.
Yeah.
Hey, call us next week because I would love to hear from you.
All right, let's get to the last call.
This is it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
No, don't tell me they don't know their mics on or not here.
Hello.
If you hear me, you're on the air.
Ah, I don't know how to.
What are we?
Are we doing something wrong where, like, people don't know?
Like, it's probably not like beeping or something like that.
So let me see.
I'm gonna just ping them in chat, see if they.
He's not muted.
No, it's not muted on Discord.
Unless it's a hard mute.
So for whatever reason, the mic isn't picking it up.
All right.
You know what?
We have a return.
We are going to deposit you back in the green room and try
one more time.
Okay.
Meanwhile, let's try this.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Drew.
Drew.
It's good to hear from you.
You got it to work.
What's up, my friend?
What'd you say?
Haven't seen you in a long time.
Thank God we're in a virtual environment now.
So you can't break anything.
That you know of.
I'm breaking hearts every day.
What are you talking about?
Drew, I have to ask you something, and I don't want to hear
the answer to this, but I'm gonna ask this question anyway,
and I'm gonna be very upset.
How old are you now?
Just a little less older than the show.
No, I'm kidding.
Do you really want the answer?
Unfortunately, yes.
Ah, I share a birthday with good old Orange Lounge Radio.
So I am now 37.
Row.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, in a total row.
Yes, there you go.
And he's going to be in a total row about it.
I remember this kid was like 21 the first time he came on
OLR.
Oh, Jesus.
I was younger than that when you were.
Oh, you have made those so much progress, and I'm ridiculously
proud of you.
All right, you have.
Good God, you've come a long way.
And I got the right.
So let me ask this.
The two minute rules in effect.
I'm so sorry.
I'd love to talk to you longer, but quickly.
What do you want to tell people about the old days of OLR?
Because believe it or not, we have a lot of newer listeners
because of Twitch and all that.
So not everybody was here back in the Rob's Garage day and
things like that.
What's like a memory from the old OLR, something people
should know about it?
Oh, my God.
If there's any one mascot there that screams OLR or rather
chirps OLR, it is that old bush baby ferret.
And I know it's been a very, very, very long time since
that same thing has been on the airwaves.
That thing doesn't even work anymore, but I have it.
It ended up in a wood chipper.
No, it was this little thing that made a noise that said,
Excuse me.
No, because Loki found like a store that had like five more.
And I remember he dumped a whole box out one episode.
I think Angel or one of our other fans took one.
One of them got on the Grotto Mori.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
One of them got stuck on the Katamari at E3 that one year.
That was fucking funny.
So at E3, they were hyping.
I think the sequel was like beautiful Katamari or one of
those games, and they actually had a Katamari you could stick
things to.
And one of those ferrets ended up on the fucking Katamari
they had at E3.
That's probably sitting in a Namco office somewhere now or
a dumpster.
Who knows?
But just in case y'all thought that everybody was entirely
serious all the time, even back then, ferrets.
Every time.
Check out Bungie Ferret Tossing on 360.
Somebody made a game about that.
Just I don't know if you were here for that, but it's pretty
wild how things came full circle.
You have a hand in that?
No, this is all YYR.
I think we might have done voices or something, but there's
pictures of our pets in there that sadly, some of them have
left this realm.
But yeah, because it's kind of an older game at this point.
All right, Drew, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up.
We're seriously at the three and a half hour point.
Take care, my friend.
You too.
Congratulations, y'all.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks for being a part of it.
Take care.
Proud to be real.
37.
37.
Let's try one more time with this last caller tonight.
Hello.
You are on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Oh, no, I think it's still broken.
And I just I don't know if this individual can hear us.
It's a bummer, because back in the Skype days, we used to say
call Echo 123 to test your connection.
There's nothing like that on Discord, so we kind of have to
figure this stuff out live.
So I'm going to try one more time.
See if this person can, because I don't know if Discord
always beeps in your ear.
So if you and what I'm worried people might be doing is that
they're muting Discord and listening on Twitch.
And so they don't hear that they got brought into the room.
Oh, the camera's switching.
So maybe it's getting figured out.
Who knows?
But Bobby says they do have Discord settings to test your
device. It records and it plays audio back to you.
My heart is breaking, but I don't think it's working.
It's just we're getting the spinning hourglass wheel.
Man. Bummer.
All right.
I'm sorry, Dark Tetsuya.
I would love to hear from you and let you have the final word.
Oh, it's trying one more time.
I'm worried if it even gets through.
No.
I see it spinning.
It hating.
Yeah, it's hating.
I'm sorry, Dark Tetsuya.
Yeah, he said his internet wasn't working right properly
either, but I'm sure you understand it is live radio and
we've got to wrap it up.
We're at the three and a half hour mark.
Please send in your thoughts and just know I saved you for
last because I know you've been here since the very first
episode. I wanted you to be the final voice tonight.
It's a bummer technology sucks, but thank you for all that
you've done over the years for us, my friend.
And we'll see you next week.
I hope we see everybody next week.
I know we've had a long, long show tonight, but we've had a
long history.
It's been 20 years of this, and thank you all for your
support.
I can't even.
I know.
I can't even.
It's one of those things where, like, I can't even like
I hear, Oh, we've been going for 20 years.
I have a hard time even, like, conceptualizing, like, what
it is or even though I'm like, I'm living it.
It's weird to think like, Oh, 20 years.
Wow.
It's wild.
It is.
It's absolutely intense.
It is.
Well, what do I say here at the end as we start to recap
tonight? Thank you all for being a part of this, whether
it was just tonight, whether it's been for the last 20
years, whether it's been for the last 20 minutes.
I just want to say thank you so much for being a part of
Orange Launch Radio.
Thanks for being a part of this family and our Sunday
night little gathering here and playing a part in it.
So many dreams have really come true because of this show
as talking about earlier, getting to do E3 in the beginning,
getting games and cameos and video games because of this
show, getting to meet people.
I travel to cities.
I don't want to say around the world because I'm not quite
that well traveled by travel to cities around the US and
Canada and any city I go to.
It's like I know somebody here, and if it's not because of
OLR directly, it's because somebody I met because of OLR
and that whole sort of thing.
And just the impact that the show has had is just incredible.
And the opportunities I've been given to do things like
panels at Dragon Con, which has led to other big things.
It's just incredible.
And I don't know what else to say, but thank you for being
a part of it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio,
tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every
gamer has a voice, but we need more voices.
Always.
We're still in search of new voices.
Let's get some more.
Let's get some new faces.
We love the old faces too.
Let's get some new faces for some new opinions as we move
into our 21st year starting next week and approaching the
legal drinking age.
Let's go around to get everybody's final thoughts tonight.
Loki, I will start with you.
Your final thought.
My final thought is I would like to remind everybody that
the Steam Summer Sale is going on right now and certain YYR
games and a certain game about, you know, poop and NES and
stuff may be on sale right now.
Also on itch.io is also on sale.
So check out Pixel Poops number two for $6.99.
Way to bury the lead.
You should have said that at the start.
But no, I hope you sell lots.
Dark Sakura, I know you're still going to do some Debbie
tonight, even with the long run time.
What is your final thought tonight?
Reject false icons.
What a throwback.
Have a good night, Jamie.
Have a good stream later.
Later, Tater.
And then my final thought tonight.
I'm 44 today.
We haven't talked a lot about the fact that it is my birthday
because we're focusing on OLR's birthday right now.
I was supposed to be in Europe today.
Yes, I was going to miss this show.
We would have just had the 20th anniversary be next week or
something.
But I was originally going to be in Europe today because I
was going to see ABBA Voyage, which if you know me, you know
I'm a huge ABBA stan.
I love them.
And seeing Voyage would have been like the closest thing to
actually seeing them live.
It didn't work out that way.
Just because since I bought the tickets that have now gone
to waste with it away, I got diagnosed with diabetes.
We bought the house, but we weren't able to get as much help
on the house as we were originally going to get because
of some family things.
That's all I'm going to say.
And just some things happen.
And so the Europe trip wasn't able to happen this time.
But that's okay.
Things have a way of working out.
And I'm really trying to be thankful for the things I do
have. Great job, great health under control now that I know
what's going on.
And this and all of you that give a shit and go the extra
mile with this every week.
I'm very thankful for that.
And it gives me a lot to be happy about on my birthday today
as well as OLR's birthday.
So thank you.
And to kind of piggyback on something that was said earlier
in the show, I don't feel 44.
Do I look 44?
Don't answer that.
I don't feel 44.
I still feel young.
And I think if this show does go until I'm 64, probably not
going to realize it then either.
So yeah, I don't know what else to say for the first time
in a 20 year history.
I'm out of words.
Thank you, everyone.
We'll see you next week.
Have a wonderful night.
Good night.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
