It's June! That means that the preparation for the big descent upon Los Angeles is…
deferred for another year, at least. Even without the annual pilgrimage of media, studios,
hopefuls and personalities, there is still plenty of news coming down the pipe. Less
of it now before the avalanche that is the keynotes by console manufacturers and other
large parties next week.
This is the first of two annual thematic intros. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob
Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about the gaming news, starting right now
on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode
number 917 of our show for tonight, June 5th of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and not
joining us tonight, sadly, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. She is off tonight as she was helping
a friend move all the way to Illinois. What a good friend to move across halfway across
the country. But I believe she's traveling back tonight, but I just don't think she gets
back by showtime. So we do have here joining us tonight, as always, say hello to Techmaster
Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
Ah, great. So, okay. I have to ask about this. So of course we do tape live Sunday nights
at VOG Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network. That's Voice of Geeks Network. 9 p.m. Eastern,
6 p.m. Pacific. Say that three times fast. Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. Now
Bobby is good enough to have us on his show every week, right at the end of the show to
do like a little, you know, toss across call like they do on some news shows basically
like stay tuned. This is what's coming up. And the subject of like naming kids after
video game or movie characters came up and Bobby and I kind of both landed on the same
page of, well, we're not having kids, so this is really a non-issue. Our pets maybe, but
so far not really. But Loki, you are a parent and you have children who are not named after
video game characters.
Well, one sorta, but not really. It's the grandparents name, but it shares, you know.
Got it. But you had mentioned that you were considering at one point giving them the middle
name Vader. Then it was like, wait a minute, I never heard this.
Just my oldest son. Because we were kind of figuring out, well, what should the middle
name be? Because we have like, you know, they have to be named after someone who is dead.
So like, like for their first name has to start with like a letter of someone that's
dead in the family. And then the middle name is just kind of whatever. So I think Nellie
was the one that suggested that first.
That sounds like people may think it was your idea, but I'm like, Oh no, it was the wife.
It was, it was, it was Mrs. Loki for sure.
Yeah. And then somehow we, we, we settled on something not bad, but like, I don't know
that it was something that was definitely being tossed around for, you know, a little
bit.
I think it was, I think the whole like names that almost were stories are very interesting
for some reason. I mentioned this on Bobby's show, but I was very like, my name was changed
at the last second, the day of my name was originally supposed to be Brad.
So, but they changed it, which is funny if you know, you know, consider my involvement
in the Rocky or a picture show and the parts I played a years later, but it's just, you
know, it's one of those things where Nope, they, they changed it. So I could be named
after both my grandparents instead of just one. So it's a, it's interesting though.
Yeah. And then of course, you know, my youngest son, he has, you know, and I think I've mentioned
this when, when he was born, like, so his middle name is Layton, which is kind of like
professor Lee, but not, it's not really meant for that. Okay. Yeah. Fair enough. All right.
So what is it? What is, so of course, since we do tape live on Twitch, sometimes you can
either see a webcam background or you can see a video game green screen background and
Loki's case. And I'm not sure I recognize the game playing behind you tonight. It looks
like an Indiana Jones sort of thing, but what is, what is that playing behind you tonight?
Indiana Jones. What is it? That's that's hopper. Oh, it's the stranger things game.
Yeah. Oh, see, I didn't really play it to be honest. So, well, I play stranger things
instead of daylight, but yeah, that's a, okay. Okay. Ah, it's hopper. How could I, how could
I miss that? Okay. I got it. Is this because you recently watched season four, which I
still haven't watched.
Season four, part one. Yes. They're holding on to two episodes. Well, was it part two?
I hear is like two episodes, but it's apparently like two movie length episodes. So it's still,
it's still pretty, I mean, some of the episodes are pretty long in the first half. I mean,
there's one that was like almost an hour and a half. So I don't know. Well, it's good.
I'll, uh, I'll get around to seeing it at some point, but I just, I canceled Netflix.
So it's like, oh, now I got to either borrow a login or, you know, other ways. But, um,
yeah, uh, it's just bad timing, I guess on that, but I haven't been in a huge, you know,
with all the other stuff that's been going on lately, I just haven't really sat down
to watch, watch a lot of TV shows, except drag race, all stars, all winners.
That's the only show I've really made time for. So, all right. Um, let's get into some
of the week, a week's news in video games of which there was plenty, because even though
there's no E3 this year, we still have some interesting things that are timed around E3,
such as Sony's state of play, which we'll start talking about tonight. Um, although
I don't know about you, Loki, like, I know you want to get into some of the weeds of
what they announced. We can talk about that. But I, I mean, yes, there were some big announcements.
I'm not saying it was bad by any means. I thought, especially for like, compared to
most data plays, it was, it was pretty meaty. Like they had some really big announcements
there. It was good. I just didn't think it was a replacement for an E3 show, uh, that
they usually do now, but it was, well, I don't know if that, yeah, it, I don't think
so. I mean, but when you think about it, like a lot of it is like third party stuff that,
you know, and even the stuff that they talked about third party, like you could still see
some of that maybe being in like Jeff Keeley's thing because yeah, there wasn't a whole lot
of first party stuff that they announced. I mean, they did have some things, but it
wasn't like first party heavy, I guess. Yeah. Maybe they want to reveal some of those street
fighter six characters, summer game fat. Oh wait. Uh, well we'll get to that, but officially
revealed officially. Yeah. All right. Well tell us a little bit, why don't you run down
some of the headlines? We'll talk a little bit about it. Um, I couldn't watch it live
as work has just been very, very busy for me. So like if a press conference or whatever
it is, a state of play is happening during working hours on the West coast, uh, I can,
and that, that sucks. I'm not going to be able to watch or live stream summer game Fest
this year, which I was really looking forward to doing, but it's like 11 AM on a day. I'm
literally in class all day. But anyway, so I did watch after the fact, so I could fast
forward through the trailers. I didn't care about, which was great. Um, but there really
wasn't, there actually was very little I fast forwarded through. So it was very interesting,
but anyway. Yeah. So, uh, they led off with resident evil for the remake for that. And
that looks pretty, pretty nice. I'm supposed to be coming out March 24th of next year.
And along with that, of course, and this led into a lot of the PlayStation VR two stuff
that they're showing off. So there is going to be some sort of content for resident evil
for remake that is PlayStation VR two stuff. Um, along with that, they showed that they're
going to be bringing a resident evil seven or was it eight, eight, the village, whatever
that one was. Um, that was eight and they're going to be bringing that to VR as well. And
they let, they'd let off with the, the most appropriate footage I could think that they
would have for VR presentation. Um, they know their target audience. Uh, that's for sure.
So that is coming at some point. I'm not sure when on that. And don't forget seven
was the one they called biohazard. And then it was flipped in Japan where seven was resident
evil or biohazard seven resident evil. So seven was that one. But, um, yeah, eight is
a village and just the whole idea of lady Debitrescu and VR, which was all that, like,
it's funny because spoiler alert, but not really spoiler alert. Like she's only in the
first part of the game. Like she's only like, that's divided up into different segments.
She's only really in the first segment. I'll let you guess why. Um, but, uh, it's, it's,
it's one of those things where it's like, they really build the marketing around her
because she's such a strong character. If they do a resident evil nine, like she has
to be back somehow. Like she's, she's like Wesker nemesis level, like antagonist now,
like they have to, I wouldn't be surprised if they fucking build resident evil nine around
her.
Um, so yeah, I mean it looked, it looked all right. Um, so other PlayStation VR two stuff,
they showed off the, um, new, I guess it's, it's, I don't know if it's a, I guess it's
its own unique game. I'm not really sure if it's like a side story character that's in
the regular game or not. Um, but they have a new horizon, a VR game, which looks amazing.
So that's really going to be showing off.
That was a very meaty announcement for the PS VR two. I mean, well, they'd announced
it before, but you know, like now that we really get to see it, like it looked like
I was like, okay, damn, this could, this could be like a system selling sort of, you know,
I think half life Alex for the PlayStation type of game kind of. Yeah. I mean, it looked
very, very polished and it looks just like this is going to be the one that shows off,
you know, the features of PlayStation VR two. I, I do want to take a minute. Sorry. I don't
mean to bounce back too much, but because we do tape live, we get chat comments. So I want to
read over here from chat over twitch.tv slash vog network, tiger class says, so we're getting
a remake of resident evil for a couple of years from now, we'll get more remakes of the newer
games. Well, keep in mind, it may only feel like a couple of years. Resident evil four was
originally out like around the time this show started. That was, we're at, we're 20 years this
month, buddy. So even though it feels like resident evil four was just a few years ago,
that was 20 years ago, my friend. Also some of that may feel more recent because they did port
that stuff. They have ported it again and again. That's very true. It's like a lot of the final
fantasy games. So, yeah. So I mean, when we talk about what could technology look like for a
resident evil seven or eight remake 20 years from now, you know, it's going to probably be very
heavy AR VR, like it's, it's going to be like, it's, it's just not, I don't think we can even
envision in our minds what it will look like, because when we were all playing super Nintendo,
I don't think we could, which granted is more like 30 years back, but I don't think we could
visualize at that time. What gaming would look like now, just that it was more real,
but what does that mean? Right? So it's just, yeah. Anyway, sorry.
Of course, no man's sky had a trailer because they're bringing it to PlayStation VR too,
as well since it, you know, it's been on PlayStation VR, so why not?
I love no man's sky. You know, I give that game a lot of support, even when it probably
doesn't deserve it. No, but I do. I love that game. And it's a great comeback story in gaming.
That was like the biggest, like, of course, like, and like, it's like, was it ever a question that
no man's sky would be playable? Like, was anybody out there thinking it wouldn't be playable? Like,
does anyone want to fess up that they, they thought it wouldn't be playable on PlayStation VR
too? Really? Really? So at the very least, they thought like the PlayStation 4 version
would be on PlayStation VR too. So as much as I love that game, that was very much the
refrigerator break because you know, no shit. That game's coming out PlayStation VR too. No shit.
Spider-Man Remastered is coming out on PC. So that's coming out August 12th,
which is kind of surprising. A little less, well.
A little less surprising is because we are getting a lot more of that stuff.
Yeah. We know Sony's been trying to strengthen their PC. I think it's surprising that, oh,
License Marvel Spider-Man is the game that's, so it's interesting to see that confirmed. And
I think just kind of adds to all the pieces last week on, um, you know, Sony strengthening
their PR PC base. Yeah. Uh, we got another trailer for stray, which looks awesome. That's the cyber
punk cat game. It looks really cool. It was so cute. If you're a cat person, that game is so
on your radar and we know it's coming out what July 19th now? Uh, yes. Um, what I thought was
interesting about that is that it's a PlayStation plus, but I think they said only the higher tiers,
right? Not the base tier. Yeah. So that's interesting. Yeah. E3VL points that out too.
Sucks. Not free on PlayStation plus essentials. Um, they have to sweeten the pot on those upper
tiers. So I actually think that's a good move on their part. Uh, and I don't think this will be
the last one. Uh, sure. First party game at all. I don't think it is. I think it's like a second
party studio, but I'm not 100%. Cause if it wasn't, if it was like a third party indie
studio or something like that, it'd be funny if that was, you know, PC game pass or something
like that, you know, included, but I doubt it. Yeah. Um, let's see what else? So we had a roller
drone, which is pretty cool. This is a new game from the developers of Ali Ali world. It's kind
of like this roller skating, um, shooter type game done in like a really retro skates and you
like guns. Boy, do I have the game for you? I do. But the art style was very nice. It does look
cool. Yeah. So that's coming out August 16th. They had new trailer for tunic, which is, um,
speaking of game pass games, but now going the other way around. Right. So this is Microsoft's
uh, going to, uh, thank you. Bobby black Wolf confirms stray is an Annapurna game.
So, and it is releasing on steam the same day. So Annapurna also brought us, um, like there are,
there are good, uh, indie game publisher. Like I want to say, um, Oh my God, what was that music
game that I was obsessed with? Cause the music was so good and it sounded like a church's album.
Um, that was an Annapurna game. And then I like, Oh, I know what you're talking about. I can't
think of the name. Yeah. And then some of the wild hearts. Yes. That was Annapurna to get that.
Um, I believe they did. Everybody's gone to the rapture. I might be wrong. No. Cause that was
Chinese room. Wasn't it? Yes. Yeah. So I, but Annapurna publishes a lot of those indie games,
that 120 minutes I think was them. So there was that. Uh, although if we're talking about stray,
wouldn't that be an Annapurna game? It would be very appropriately.
Uh, we have a new trailer of the coolest, the cholesterol, uh, protocol, and that's, uh, done
by the creators of dead space and it looks very much dead space. So that's, uh, very scary. Not
gonna play that. Um, we got a couple other, that was my looks very scary. Not going to play it very,
very, uh, on brand with my assessment too. Uh, we got another trailer for season,
a letter to the future. Um, that game looks really interesting. Yeah.
I didn't know until, you know, Kotaku and some of the other missed media. So I didn't realize
that was like the indie studio that had some issues behind the scenes development stuff.
So yeah, the game looks very, um, interesting though. And I hope some of those other issues
are resolved as in that boss is no longer around that. I'm I haven't read up on that.
They have a, there was a trailer for a turn nights, which is like a, it looks like a JRPG
action game with a dating game built in as well. So neat.
That's an interesting crossover. I bet the trailer was interesting enough where I'm like,
tell me more. I'd like to see what the actual gameplay kind of looks like, but interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Um, what else? We also had a new trailer for final fantasy 16,
which is supposed to be coming out sometime in summer of next year. Yeah.
I still don't this. It's very confusing to me what the game is going to be. It's like
summon, summon, summon, summon, summon, summon. Okay. So I can maybe give a little insight to
this from final fantasy 14 and just say that like, not that the two games are necessarily related,
but, um, just, I will, I will spoil a, a relatively minor plot point in the
heaven's word expansion, which is now, if you haven't played heaven's word yet,
you're four expansions behind, right? No three expansions behind. So I kind of think that's on
you. Um, so there is a point in heaven's word where Shiva, who is, um, embodied in basically
a human character, but she can kind of summon Shiva out of her essence on demand. I'm really
simplifying some of the story elements here, uh, takes on a primal or a summon that's summoned by
a monster clan called Ravana. And these two summons fight each other. So Shiva and Ravana
actually get into a fight and Ravana was a final fantasy 14 original summon, but he's just like,
otherwise he's just like, you know, all the other summons. Um, and, uh, they get into a fight and
it, that you actually see like, uh, Shiva tried to diamond dust Ravana and all this stuff. And
Ravana is like, cause Ravana is like the, the, the four or six armed bug. You've probably seen some
screenshots and he has the Russian throat singing background music, which we'll get into the music
in a minute. But, um, the, the, um, the, the fight is so good. Like the way it's, it plays out in
the game. And I was like, dang, like seeing summons fight each other is actually really
awesome. And I remember saying at that point, I wish this was something the series kind of did
more of, and that's why now when I look at 16, I'm like, holy shit, somebody heard that. Like,
they really are like, it seems like they're making a game where like now in the final fantasy was
like the summons are kind of, or it seems like the summons are more like representative of these
like warring factions and so forth. But like in 14, they are like, people seem to embody them.
So this is, it's very interesting to me. Um, so I'm down with it. The only thing where I'm a
little bit like, Oh, that's a disappointment is that it looks like they got rid of parties,
at least in the footage we saw that it's like, you're essentially playing alone. Now,
14. I mean, yes, there are multiplayer dungeons and multiplayer events. But for the most part,
you play a lot of that solo. And I don't think the game hurts because of that. I do know party
members come in as NPCs. And I'm hoping there's at least that in this game. But it's a little,
it just seems like a core Final Fantasy mechanic that's like missing. But you know,
they did co op. That'd be awesome. So I feel like there's still a lot we need to learn there.
At the end of the day, even though my brain is like, Okay, I don't know how I feel about this
game, not having parties, and that it seems to be actually again, and we're never going to go back
to a turn based battle system. There's a part of me that's like, Rob have faith. This is the team
that saved the entire fucking franchise. So I'm gonna I'm gonna keep an open mind to all of this
because you know what Yoshi P saved Final Fantasy period. So and a lot of these people that he's
bringing on are a lot of the teams behind these more recent Final Fantasies that, you know, have
been pretty, pretty awesome. So I'm gonna give it a shot. And I think most importantly, most
importantly, as far as who's involved in making the game, so can who does the music for 14 is
going to do the music for 16. That should have been that was pretty obvious the minute that
trailer had the opera song with the names of the Yeah, that's a very soak and thing to do. So it's
really but then they confirmed it on like the website later. And I like again, I can't I know
a lot of you dodge 14 because it's an MMO with a monthly fee. I understand that you owe it to
yourself to still listen to the soundtrack. It is so fucking good that soak and proves he's like the
only person capable of replacing noble we Matsu not that we Matsu can ever be replaced. But we all
know he's kind of retired as a worthy successor sunset. Yes. So can is absolutely a worthy
successor to the Final Fantasy franchise. I'm so fucking excited to hear 16 soundtrack. Like,
I'm more I'm more excited for the soundtrack that I am the game, if I can be perfectly honest.
So not to again, not to set the bar too high, but I can't help it and help it.
I'd still play it, or at least buy it. Because I can't say I will play it for long because like I
did 15 I need to go back to 15 dark to see says could they put him on Dragon Quest? I'd be okay
with that. God Yes, I would be too. However, the man is only capable of so much. There are some
other great composers like 11 had a pair of really good composers that worked with noble Matsu. And
so the so there's other composers within square that could take on Dragon Quest. And yes, Dragon
Quest badly needs needs a new composer. So you know, sorry, not sorry, like, but outside of the
iconic theme, the soundtrack was like by far the weakest point of 11. And it's time to move on.
Hopefully the success of Final Fantasy and so kind of push square in that direction. We'll see.
We'll see. And keep in mind, Yoshi P came to light and got got prevalent because of Dragon Quest 10.
A lot of people don't realize that he didn't produce that game. But he was like the quest
and scenario designer for that game. And that's, that's kind of how he started ascending up through
Square Enix. So you didn't already know Yoshi P came from Dragon Quest 10, basically. Anyway,
um, what are your thoughts on Final Fantasy 16? Loki?
I mean, it looks all right. I just don't understand what's going on.
That was kind of like 15 ever. You know, no, no, we didn't. I don't think there's ever
seven. Seven. I understood what was kind of going on. That was a little easier to follow.
Seven. So that was 1997.
I think. I think seven. 10 was still kind of okay. Easy to follow.
Yeah, 1010. I think I'm kind of knew what to expect. Yeah.
But 11. I never knew what was going on.
12. No way. Absolutely not.
13. No, I got not used with the, with the, the Falsi and the, I don't even know what will see
in the Falsi and the sea falls here. Like, I don't know what any of this is. Uh, too, too much lore,
too much lore now. Um, yeah. So I think after about 10, like I've lost, have been unable to
follow the storyline of that stuff, but I mean, they're, they're pretty good games. Just 15 though,
like, like, I don't, I made them old school, the way of thinking. I just, I don't,
I don't like the non term-based stuff now seven remake.
I know that's great. That's pretty cool. Like, uh, I could maybe deal with something like that,
but this doesn't look like that. I don't hate 15, but I think there were some bad decisions
due to 15's way too long development that put it, that made it less than what it could have been.
And I think it's most apparent when you get Shiva. I'm just going to speak a little like,
if you haven't played that game yet and you're sensitive about spoilers, like,
I really feel like you probably should have played it by now. And this is, this is relatively minor.
Um, but you get Shiva as a summon, just she, she approaches you and the train breaks down
and the train breaks down in front of ice caverns. And it's, it's painfully obvious.
There was supposed to be a whole sequence there that the train breaks down. You gotta go in the
ice caverns, get it, you know, while it gets fixed, you encounter Shiva and figure out,
I won't tell you who Shiva really is. Cause you see who Shiva is earlier in the story,
but, um, there's a whole, there it's very painfully obvious. There is a whole sequence
there gone that I don't even know if they ever got put it in with DLC or whatever.
Uh, and then the whole world of ruin at the end, like that could have been,
that could have been a upside down Castlevania moment for final fantasy. Truly. That could have
been an upside down, like, do y'all remember when Castlevania Symphony of the Night first came out
and you first realized that there was an upside down castle? Like if you beat the game the right
way and like, it's just like, Oh my God, my fucking mind just exploded because there's a
whole nother half of this game to go. Basically final fantasy 15 could have had that and was set
up for that. And maybe they finally saw it in the DLC. I don't know because I didn't pay attention
that long. And it's very disappointing that it wasn't realized in what they released. But again,
it's because they really only had two years to actually develop the game. Yes. It was in
development for 10 years. Nah, nah, they hit the reset button. Like with two years to go,
maybe three. Anyway, sorry, Loki. I have a lot of tangents tonight.
It's okay. I have to make up for Jamie not being here.
And then of course, probably the last major thing that they announced as well as Street Fighter VI,
they showed off a new trailer with that. So it was less of a teaser trailer, more of like an
actual showing gameplay and stuff. And so a lot of interesting things that we saw from that one,
they're going to have a single player open world type of gameplay that's in there,
which is interesting. They also showed off some new characters as well. So we got to see,
of course, you know, some of the staples like Ryu and Chun-Li were in there. And then I can't
remember the two other new ones. Was it Jamie and Kimberly, maybe? I don't remember who the
other ones are, but so they showed those off. And then of course, it all leaked.
All the roster leaked. So there is a screenshot or image, I guess, that had...
Chat once to let you know Jamie and Luke were in the trailer.
Jamie and Luke. Okay.
Kimberly is from this other piece you're talking about.
Got it. I couldn't remember what the names were of the different characters. But yeah,
so we got the basically looks like the full roster from the game. So a lot of the
previous characters coming back with like, definitely like some updated looks and stuff.
So you know, we got like Chun-Li looks like Guile, Blanca, Yhonda, Dalzim, Zangief, Ken.
But all you need to know is Ryu is daddy now. That's all you need to know. I mean,
and he's already been announced. And you already know he's daddy.
I feel like the Ken redesign. I think that looks great. And like Dalzim looks great.
He's like much older now.
Street Fighter is very much destined for the Star Trek legacy where the even numbered ones
are the good ones. Like Street Fighter is very much headed for that legacy, isn't it?
I don't know. And then they have what looks like DJs back, which is cool.
That's cool too. DJs back.
And then they have some actual new characters that look pretty interesting as well.
So I like to see. I like to see that. I mean, I think it looks like
Mike Defton chat says Ken looks like he bought some NFTs and he's going through some tough shit.
No, was that the one I saw was great was like it was Ken looks like that when you have the
conversation. Oh, you have children. Well, the wife took children. There's something like that.
He has that kind of Bobby Blackwell says is Faye Long calling back to a reference a few weeks ago?
Well, you know, what didn't leak is DLC. And I'm sure there will be plenty. Oh, yeah. And so,
you know, I'm well aware of that story from a few weeks ago where the composer guy maybe
opened the door a little too much on his YouTube thing and maybe put his foot in his mouth a little
too much. So maybe, maybe Faye Long is released out of pure spite as DLC. Spike can be extremely
motivating, but I love Faye Long. I'd be all for it comes out of spite.
Pure spite DLC.
Yeah. That's funny.
Quest Busters sum this up, I believe really well saying so one of the takes I saw about the leaks
is that yes, the leaks were bad. But the general sentiment about what has been seen has been really
exciting. And I'll sign on with that is that yeah, that fucking sucks for Capcom, because you
know, they were going to milk these character announcements right up until the game releases,
and they were probably going to unveil someone else at summer game fest this week. So you know
what, and they still could, you know, it's not like they can't just show deeper dive, deeper dives,
the ultimates backstory, show them in the story mode that still has a lot of question marks,
the open world stuff they're showing. I think there's still ways they can do that and make it
exciting. But yeah, it's kind of like, wow, that sucks for them that it leaked out. But actually,
like, I can't think of what could get people more excited about Street Fighter six, because the
designs are so good. When all anyone was talking about after that first trailer was the the stock
logo thing and now which they changed the logo. I think the logo looks much better. It's great.
So at least they heard. Wow. It's like, everybody saw what happened after the first Sonic the
Hedgehog movie trailer. And now they're like, maybe we should fix mistakes that the internet
points out. That worked very well for Sonic will stuff that like, yeah, it's like, very obvious.
But like, yeah, it's definitely I just like the whole Roman numeral six that rotates like that
was very clever. Very clever. It is clever, much more clever than, you know, stock photo stuff.
Great. So yeah, looks exciting. Yeah, we'll have to see more.
Yeah, I still want to see more of the game, which I'm gonna be honest, I think I downloaded Street
Fighter five as like a PS plus. I played it maybe one time and I was like meh. But like, so I'm like,
way more enthused with what I'm seeing of Street Fighter six so far. Again, these characters again,
real hot. Really? Like, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry to gay it up, but I'm not happy, right? Like,
there's like real hot. If you're gonna cosplay Daddy Ryu, call me like, it's this is Yeah. Anyway,
but all the characters look really good in those those leaks, you know? So yeah, it's very exciting.
For sure. Even the new characters, you know, they all looked the ones I was looking at
would look really cool. So yeah. And of course, they had to be pointed out by
the horn dogs on the internet that Chung Li now has butt physics as well. So, you know,
keeping realistic, or keeping the realism. All right, cool. Cool story. But yeah, it's not just
an instead the chat is saying, you know, down boy down the thirst is strong. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But
the reality is, like, I'm just excited to see some of these like, like character reinventions,
like seeing DJ back, I think is super cool. Because like, has DJ been in Street Fighter since?
I guess he must have shown up in four eventually, because four had like, literally everybody at one
point. But like, I feel like, you know, he's been gone for a while. And, you know, just some of
these other characters coming back, because he Honda was always my favorite in the original Street
Fighter two, because I would just do his hundred hand slap over and over. And he looks really
different. And that's pretty cool. So yeah, love it. Yeah. Tiger class says, so Chun Li now has a
thick butt to go with those thighs. Sure. All right. All right. Yeah, sure. All right. Let's
move on. Let's talk about our gaming weeks, and the types of games that we've been playing this
week as we sit on our thick butts and play some video games. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it's all Minecraft again. I mean, it's always,
but you had a new video. So we know it's productive.
Yes, it's always very busy to that, like video took at least like, 10 hours to edit. So there
was a lot to go through trying to whittle it down to even the 40 minutes that it is, because they
keep getting longer. But like I, it's pretty concise now, or at least trying to get a concise,
but there's a lot to show. So yeah, that just came out. And then I did want to update since
it's over now the bundle for the top and I got distracted. Yeah, yeah. Yes. So we've raised
$2,809. Not hundreds of thousands of dollars, but it's only 30 games. So it's all good. But yeah,
so in a couple weeks, I'll be donated. I know that the guy Nate Peters, who's in charge of
everything he's I guess there's you much like steam and everything you have to wait for like
seven days for refunds not to be issued and seven more days for like payments to be issued and stuff.
So he's taking care of all of the depositing for that stuff. But yeah, lots of bundles being sold
and notifications going off like crazy on on each IO. So I think we sold probably like at least 150
of those bundles. That's great. Congratulations. Yeah. Awesome. All right, that's it. Great.
Let's see. So for my gaming week, so I played Mario Fantasy 14, because of course I did,
I always play that game. I also did, you know, my AR games, I was doing an event in Ingress,
and I actually went all the way to the gold level. So it took a little bit of walking and doing all
that stuff. But I had fun with that. Been walking my Pikmin, I'm almost to level 59 in Pikmin Bloom.
And I played Pokemon go because this weekend was the big Pokemon go fest, right, the the annual
festival, which went global in the year 2020 for obvious reasons, but they had, you know, pretty
good success with the global event in 2020. Last year was a $5 event that was pretty well received
for the price. This year, the price went back up to $15. And, you know, I was looking at like,
what all they were doing. And I was like, Well, I feel like I have a lot of these Pokemon, there's
maybe only like one truly new one in this event for me. And I'm I don't know, whatever, I'll do
it. And so I bought a ticket for the event. And I regret it. This event was trash. This event was
trash. I should say I should say this event was not worth what Niantic charged for it,
especially coming off of the $5 price tag last year, which I understand was a tie in to the
fifth anniversary. But that's, you know what, this event was worth maybe $5. I can't fucking
believe that I walked nine miles yesterday, and got six shinies from that. Whereas last year,
when I went to San Francisco, I maybe walked six or seven miles. And I think I ended the day with
like 23 shinies. Now, it doesn't have to be all about shinies. But they are desirable. Well,
unless you're Shane, but if they are desirable, they are nice, they are fun to collect,
they are a more advanced part of the game to collect, they're a rarer thing. And I just,
what pisses me off is that Niantic was really dangling the carrot of, well, Axew's going shiny,
and there's unknowns that are going to be shiny. And there's all these things that are going to be
shiny for the event. You know what, I think Niantic broke loot box laws, quite frankly,
with that because they need to disclose, especially because they were selling us,
they need to disclose what was really the percentage there of shinies. And maybe it's
confirmation bias because I didn't get as many shinies. But looking around on social media and
stuff, I don't think a lot of people did walk out of that event with a lot of shinies. Thank you,
Def says six yesterday, three today on the shinies. Oh, I got one today on a three mile walk.
And they're shitty shinies too. I'm sorry, but they are because they, like, at least three of
them that I got were previous community day shinies. Like I got CDot, WooHoo. I got Shviel,
which was also a previous community day. So it was like, it was just very frustrating. At least
I finally got a Wingull. I do like shiny Wingull, but it's not exactly an A tier shiny either.
Okay, so it doesn't have to just be about shinies. Fine. They put Axew in one star raids,
which was cool. It was nice to see that. I wish maybe they'd put some of the other like that
Jango. Oh, Jango. Oh, whatever that name should have probably been a one stars as well. And maybe
a couple of the other really hard to get like one stars that needed not a lot of candy. Maybe Noi
Bat would have been great to see in raids. I just think the raids were super underwhelming. And what
the fuck were the Alolan Pokemon doing in the rotation from hour to hour when we just had an
event focused on them? Like it's just, it's for free. Yeah. SG100Matt says I don't want to sound
like I should expect anything but considering we spent $15 they could have had better rates than
this. I think when you spend $15 you can expect to get $15 worth. And this event was not worth $15.
Now I guess they put another new Pokemon in raids today. You didn't need a raid ticket to get it.
In fact, you didn't need a raid ticket for the Axew's either. What did the raid ticket holders
really get out of this? Maybe more unknowns, Torkoal and Tropius. A couple of regionals
that I bet most people that didn't do the event will just trade for anyway.
I mean, what did the $15 really get us? Not much. Oh, yeah, the incense rules. They did take
so Chas reminded the incense rules changed over the weekend back to what they were before
basically. And yeah, things would constantly just spawn. Oh, that was so annoying. Like I
would be like, Oh, because I really, really wanted more shiny unknowns. That's the one thing I really
wanted was more shiny unknowns. I would see an unknown spawn, I tap it, it would disappear.
Thanks to some stupid bug that was going on in the game. So just it was it was a shitty event
and Niantic should feel bad for charging $15 for that. Now, I guess there is something about
there's a second half of the event coming in August. So there's supposed to be like an encore
event in August. August better fucking blow me away after this weekend. So I don't know what
they're saving up for. But it better knock my fucking socks off after this release. Because
yeah, it's it's really making me reconsider buying into the hype in the future. And I feel
really stupid for having done it this time to be quite honest. Speaking of things I feel stupid for
I wasn't sure if I was going to mention this on the show or not, but I'm gonna I'm gonna say
I did a thing that I said before I didn't think I was gonna do. I played Diablo mortal.
I know. Why did I do it? I Well, I've always loved Diablo. Be the other situation with what's
going on at Blizzard and everything is really complicated. I we all we all know very much how
I feel about Bobby Kotick and I feel about a lot of the management over at Activision Blizzard.
That hasn't changed. I know people, people as in more than one that had involvement with this game.
And where do you kind of draw the line between? I want to support you even though I fucking can't
stand your boss. It's like where where do you draw the line? So at the end of the day, I was like,
you know what, and and actually, and I will say this, I'm gonna say this to Diablo immortals
credit, huge credit is after that whole debacle at E or sorry, not E3 Blizzcon. In 2017, or whenever
it was that they announced was 18. I don't remember anymore whenever they announced that game
with the whole don't you all have phones. They did backtrack at the end of the day,
and they put the game out on PC as well, stating, if we don't do this, people are just going to use
Android emulators to play the game. So we might as well just put out an official version of this
on PC. I think that was a very accurate and very perceptive and very welcomed change in thinking.
And I want to support a change in thinking. So I did I did not download the phone version,
I downloaded the PC version. And I played that and spend any money on it. I'm not necessarily
wearing that as a badge of honor. It's just I and yet I am. I am, folks, I am well aware of
that copy pasted headline about you can spend $110,000 in Diablo immortal to max out your
character. And I think we have a story up coming up on it later. So I'm not gonna get too far into
that. For me so far, in my experience, it has been very easy to just not buy anything at all
and focus on the main scenario. Am I going to have the strongest character and the strongest weapons?
No. Is that going to bother me? No. And I just have to make sure it doesn't bother me. And that
I'm okay with not being the very best that no one ever was. That's Pokemon. And that's where I do
get suckered into spending money where maybe I shouldn't have. But um, yeah, Diablo immortal.
It's fine enough. I've played up to level like 25. And it actually has kind of like a fully fleshed
out main scenario quest that has like voice acting. It's like not just about like the grind
of rifts and so forth. So I was just I, I'm, I kind of wish and I maybe they'll regret to maybe
do this later. I don't know. I think if they had just put this out as a $40 PC game without the
micro transaction stuff, I almost wonder how much better this would have been received. If they just
put it out as a $40 PC game, where hey, when you buy it, you get a code to put it on your phone
as well. So it can be both phone and that stuff. I wonder how much better received this whole thing
would have been if that was the route they went. But I know I know I know. That's not business,
Rob. That's not how EA makes their money. That's not your loot boxes are where Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I get it. I get it. I'm just saying, maybe this whole thing would have got a lot less shit.
And maybe as a result, make more money in the long run. If that was the route they went,
and who's to say they won't still end up going that route. Especially with Microsoft now in the
picture. I wonder what game pass perks I'm going to get for Diablo immortal eventually, maybe a
year from now. We'll see. Questbuster and chat says Diablo mortals PC client is still a bit jank,
but it works well enough, at least in my case. Yeah, I agree. Some of the loading times are
pretty shit. Maybe that's because I'm not running it off a solid state drive. I don't know. Or maybe
it is literally an Android emulator. I don't know. But it's not terrible. And you can use a gamepad.
I just I use keyboard mouse because like Diablo, I just feel like that's the way to play it.
Questbuster also says, I played through the entire campaign and unlocked paragon.
The monetization doesn't really feel as if it hurts until I got to that point.
S2100 Matt says considering this closed out of Blizzcon one year and was billed as a big deal.
Now it's a loot box nonsense thing that's kind of hurt the franchise to some degree.
Here's the weird thing about that. Again, I want to say I've been playing this game for a few hours
and have easily been able to ignore all these loot box mechanics. And Questbuster just told you,
I went through the entire campaign and unlock Paragon. And that's when I started
feeling the loot box stuff. Yeah, because you unlock the loot box stuff.
Like they they don't start offering it to you until you get further in the game.
Not all of it like those legendary crest crest. I have access to him now. And the game tried to
push a 99 cent first timer bundle on me and other stuff, but it's very easy to say no.
So I don't know. So yeah, my feelings on Diablo Immortal are a bit complicated, but I do feel
the $110,000 headline is a little, I can't believe I'm going to say this. I think that
headline is a little unfair. But I do think, and the reason why I say that is that you don't have
to upgrade every legendary gem because they don't all make sense for all the classes.
But I understand the desire to drag Activision Blizzard for a lot of this loot box nonsense when
it could have just been a $40 game. And I think we would all be speaking very differently of this
game if it was just a $40 game on PC that happened to be on mobile phones as well. So that part I'm
absolutely going to agree with. But I do think that $110,000 figure that's being copy pasted
is a little bit like, I think you're kind of, you're kind of stating a scenario that's not
really going to happen to anyone. But I don't know. Then again, I'm not a high streamer that's,
or high rank streamer who's maybe high as well. I don't know. I'm not a high rank streamer who's
willing to drop $500 on a stream because that's how much money they're making in bits and subs
during a stream anyway. So I don't know. Anyway. Questbuster says it's so easy to ignore the
monetization, but when you want to perfect your gear post campaign, it feels like they've heavily
targeted that. So you have to be able to say, I don't need to be perfect. And I'm just going to
play this for fun is the impression I get. Anyway. So that's my thoughts on that. Let's move on.
Let's talk about what else is going on in the gaming world this week with some headlines.
And, uh, Sony, not the only one to put out a little video this week, right? Logie?
Uh, that's correct. Yeah. So there's a cool announcement with, uh, the mega drive mini two.
It's, um, it's interesting. They have quite a few games in there. I like how that they have
all these mini systems that can, that you can actually stack them together. So they had
previously like a mini 32 X and, uh, was it the mini? Um, I'm not sure what they have,
like a other separate, I know you can get a Sega CD attachment to it as well. Um, but yeah,
this new mega drive two mini has gonna only be available in Japan right now. It's going to run
you 4,500 yen and they've got some of the game. I think some of the games have been announced for
this so far. So we've got, it looks like, um, was it silphied, uh, sonic CD, uh, shiny for CD.
Uh, it looks like we've got Virtua racing, uh, but it ends up brothers thunder forest for,
uh, it looks like fantasy zone. Jamie would be very excited about that.
Which is interesting because that wasn't even on the Genesis. That was a master system game.
Right. These are, these are, so, uh, this is a mega drive cartridge and so there's,
uh, mega drive cartridge and mega CD games kind of mixed together.
Yeah, but it wasn't, it wasn't even on Genesis. Like it was, so I, I think this must be a prototype
that they had at one point that they fully realized. I don't know, but it's just,
it's just interesting. It's an interesting addition.
Yeah. I think it's like their redesign, uh, console, like, you know how, like the Genesis
are eventually kind of, you know, they, they changed the design of it a little bit.
So it's like this, and then of course this has the six button controller that they
got on that system much later as well. So pretty cool.
Jamie was here tonight because these are a lot of these are games. She's probably featured half
these games as classic games a week. And, you know, she, uh, is very passionate about the old
Sega stuff. So I'll have to ask her thoughts on that next week. But, um, even I, as a,
who is always more a Nintendo household and kind of missed the Sega CD and all that stuff,
like there's a lot of stuff in here where even I'm like,
damn, I kind of want to get this. It sounds like a great lineup.
Yeah. So it's supposed to come with 50 games. So obviously they haven't announced all of the games
that are going to be in it. Um, and then along with that though, they added, um, I think though
they're talking about, yeah, they're just talking about basically the Sega CD, how there's enhanced
graphics and stuff. So going to be, you know, USB powered HDMI, that type of stuff. So, um,
pretty cool looking though. Yeah.
I want one. Hopefully I can get one. Hopefully they're not too hard to get. Um,
a lot of people were curious why they weren't doing a Dreamcast mini or a Saturn mini,
but I guess they came out and said it would have been too expensive in light of, you know,
the chip shortage going on in the world or whatever. I'm a little surprised at that. Yeah.
I'm hoping maybe they're just saving that for maybe another year or two or whatever. Um, and,
and we'll see that eventually. I think that would be great, but this is, this is a pretty,
this is still a pretty decent lineup, you know, for stretching out the Genesis another year. Right.
So, yeah. So, yeah. And like I said, um, so the cost actually is a 99,
80 yen or about $75. The 4,500 yen was actually for a non-functional matching Sega CD add-on.
It's just cosmetic, but if you want to make your, your, uh, make it drive to look like
it's docked to a Sega CD, you can, and that even comes with like a tiny virtual racing cartridge
and a Sonic CD, Sonic the Hedgehog DD disc that goes into the CD drive, which is kind of funny.
Yeah. I think, I think, uh, I think this thing will be cute. I want, I hope they bring it over
here. I know it's Japan only right now, but, um, maybe we'll hear in the next month that it's got,
I mean, maybe this is what Sega wants to talk about at Summer Game Fest. I don't know. Who
knows? We'll see. Yeah. All right. Well back to Diablo Immortal talk for a minute because Diablo
Immortal has been in the headlines, um, in a lot of places, not just that headline I was talking
about with, um, how much it costs to max up a character. Um, but, uh, about where Diablo
Immortal is not releasing, and that is Belgium or the Netherlands. Uh, these countries are not
getting Diablo Immortal. Um, and, uh, it's probably because of local laws pertaining to loot boxes.
Uh, and, uh, Blizzard not really looking to change that. Um, so on the Diablo Immortal subreddit,
a Blizzard game master kind of set, and they obviously they're not naming names for reasons,
kind of said, like what's going on with this saying, quote, the loot boxes in the game are
against the law in your country. So unless the gambling restrictions change, the game will not
be released in the Netherlands and Belgium. Um, and this is probably because, you know, again,
you can buy a greater rift key or whatever the hell they call it, legendary rift modifier key,
whatever it's called in that game. Um, you can buy that, but it doesn't really guarantee that
you're going to get anything. It just ups the odds on a lot of stuff, which I kind of, I kind
of think is a bullshit thing to begin with, but, um, is it any different than Pokemon go? Clearly
not. Um, so, uh, this is where we're at. So, um, yeah, it's not going to be released in those
countries for those reasons. I think there probably should be more transparency in all
countries, uh, on Blizzard's part with this, to be quite honest, and with all gaming companies,
I think odds and that sort of thing should be a default thing. Like why the odds should be very
clear from, in everything. Um, but yeah. So the games are of the mindset. Don't tell me the odds.
So, you know, that's true. Yeah. If you, if you know the, uh, but the other thing that Diablo
like, there are just so many items that do different things. And it's like, you have
your pay to win currency that can buy so many items. I've heard this called the hot dogs in
the bun thing before. And it's very true, but like, it goes beyond the fact that like, you know,
six or $5 will get you 600 of this, but which really translates to four of these, you know,
it's just like the math really gets convoluted, um, in that game. And that's why I've just said,
you know what, I'm just never going to give this game my credit card info. And the nice
thing about it being on a PC standalone client, they don't have it. So I can't spend money.
They have my old, the guess what the credit card Blizzard has on file for when I did pay for wow,
many years ago, that card expired. So they don't have any credit card for me right now. So
there you go. All right, what else do we have? Loki?
All right. And so we talked about this last week about how Microsoft said they would acknowledge
the raven software union that they had there for the QA department, but now they wanted to
go a little bit further with that. This is a comment now from Brad Smith with Microsoft
saying that not only are they going to acknowledge the current union, but any unions going forward,
they're going to acknowledge those as well, or recognize those, I should say not necessarily
acknowledge. Breslin said, you know, our employees do not need to organize to have a dialogue with
Microsoft leaders. But we also recognize the workplace is changing. That's why we are sharing
principles to guide our approach with labor organizations. And then they link to all that.
So at least that's better than, you know, Activision Blizzard trying to stamp out unions.
Well, and I think Microsoft also sees that this is something they can get ahead of and just accept
as where the industry kind of read the tea leaves and see that this is where the industry is going
to be going. And either they can, you know, get on board and try to get ahead of it and
try to figure out what it means for them and how can they get they can best work with that,
or they can kick and scream and just look dumb, you know, like a lot of other companies are at
this point. So, you know, kudos to Microsoft for continuing to get it. And Phil Spencer,
specifically, to be honest. So, boy, it's going to be interesting if he ever leaves.
Not that I wish that but you know, it's just going to be it's going to be very interesting,
you know, heaven forbid Microsoft get another Don Mattrick in there. It's just it's so interesting
how who's at the top can really trickle down into the rest of the culture, huh?
Yeah, as to 100. Matt, agreeing with me in chat, saying times are changing,
the industry is going, it's either they get in front of it and support it as best as possible,
or be the jerk and try to suppress it. DJ Romas says, granted, the MS retail stores could be
unionized. But on the corporate side, not really no. So well, you know, like a lot of retail
efforts to unionize as well, you know, look at what's going on with Starbucks and all that. So
we'll see. Anyway, let's move on to another big gaming headline from this week and another video
announcement. And that has to do with Pokemon Scarlet and violet. That's right, we got a new
trailer for Pokemon Scarlet and violet this week. And it was just a few minutes. But boy,
do they cram a lot into those few minutes. For example, we got to see that there are not one but
two new professors because it depends on which version of the game you pick up. So yeah, Professor
Sada, and you have Professor Turo. And again, it depends which version of the game you pick up
which one you're going to get. Professor Sada is kind of like a prehistoric Lee dressed female
professor, kind of like Laura Dern in Jurassic Park. Why don't we just say she's Laura Dern in
Jurassic Park basically. And then Professor Turo is a male character that looks like Tron
a little bit. So like we'll say, you know, Garrett, what's his name and Tron. So so there's,
there's, it's interesting that you have prehistoric and you have Tron, it kind of makes
it look like there's a past and a future sort of storyline that's going on here. I should also point
out that the internet has decided both of these professors are hot. And if you're bisexual,
you're having a really good week, because both of these professors are quite bangable. According to
the world of fan art. I'm just, Loki, I'm just gonna say, I've seen some art about Professor
Turo already. It's, it's amazing what the internet can do in six hours, but at the same time,
not surprising whatsoever. But I'm just gonna say Pokemon anymore. It's just thirst them on.
Yeah, that's definitely people want to be poked. I've just that's what I've got to say. Because
people have their fan images already. And you know, if you thought Ryu was a daddy,
wait, it's almost like I saw the best. The best picture I saw was a clip. It said it had Professor
Turo. But the chat box the text was taken out to instead put in Hi, gay. I don't know if you've
ever seen that Twitter thing. Hi, gay. Come on down to the butter shop. And it's so fucking
funny. Loki. I'm telling you, it's really funny. All right. All right. Let's see. DJ Rama says
future Professor Turo cosplay. I'm flattered that you think I could even pull it off. I'm
truly flattered. Maybe. Who knows DragonCon. I bet there will be lots of that cosplay at
DragonCon. And I'm a okay for that. So anyway. Oh, yes, we need what else was in the trailer
besides thirsty professors. We got to see just a little bit of your rival in that game. We saw that
there is a interesting connect with your friends and you can go out on adventures together up to
four people at a time. So it actually has like multiplayer gameplay in there for like trading
and battling, but also exploring with other players, which is interesting. So it's almost
like they ironically coming off of talking about Diablo. It almost sounds like they kind of have
that spin on it, which I think will be very interesting to see, quite frankly, so I'm excited
to see that. And then there are some old Pokemon that have been confirmed. So Gengar, Talonflame,
Chewtle, Venonat, Cryogonal, Larvitar, Bagon, Pikachu, Toxapex, Coalossal. So we don't know
if the Scarlet Violet decks will have everything because we know how the internet got really upset
when Pokemon Sword and Shield didn't have everything. So we don't know if we're going to
see that this time, but we did get to see some other new Pokemon, including, yes,
a cute little pig Pokemon named Lechonk. Now, while most of us are taking that to mean haha
chonk, lechonk haha. Many people are also pointed out that like Mike Defton in our chat says,
also Lechonk's name comes from Lechon. I don't know if I'm saying that right, which is literally
pig in Spanish. So yes, there are probably some very tongue in cheek sort of things there in the
like, I heard Professor Turo could have come from Futuro as well, which is like a way of saying
future. There's also a new Pokemon Pomi, which is like a little electric dog or something that
looked really cute. And I'm sorry, I loved Smallive, which yes, was a little olive that
was small. It's adorable. Smallive. S-M-O-L-I-V. Smallive. Anyway, yeah, so I think it looked
super cute. I'm really excited to get my hands on this game. So and I'm not even Shane or generally
one that like gets super excitable about Pokemon, but I enjoyed my time with Sword and Shield and
I'm excited for this one as well. Zenmonkey11 says, this game sounds like there isn't going
to be much to do offline, which sucks. I don't think the multiplayer was required by any means.
And if you think about it, there was in Sword and Shield, you had those raids,
which was up to four people, right? But if you didn't have online people, you would get really
terrible NPCs that never did the right move. So if you want to put up with that you sure can.
Yeah, so single player I think will be fine. You'll still have a story to get through,
start to finish. It's just multiplayer is just another way you could do it. And maybe will be
a way to get better things. Now I'm curious how it's going to work. Will Scarlet and Violet
be playable together multiplayer? And how does that work if you're getting different Pokemon?
So I'm curious how that all plays out. Like can I play Scarlet and Mike Deft play Violet,
then we can play together even though like every gay I know wants to get Pokemon Violet now for
obvious reasons. I feel like I want to get Scarlet just so I have people to trade with.
Plus I like I like Sada. I thought I think she's a neat design. So I don't have to thirst after all
my characters and video games. Just sometimes. All right. Moving on. S200Matt says Shane will play
both games at once with himself online. Absolutely true. He will allow his husband to play with him,
I'm pretty sure. But otherwise, yes. All right. Anyway, moving on. Loki.
So there's been some drama going on in the PC game collection. I'm seeing where apparently
on my internet, yes, drama. Apparently, there is a person by the name of Enrico Riccardi,
who had for years been counterfeiting a sealed box games in the PC market and selling them.
And so apparently now folks had started to pay attention to what he had sold them. And
they're finding that the other discs that are blank, there's I didn't mean to have the
sound effects behind you. Sorry. I'm setting up for another segment. There's stuff that they
could tell that were printed like on a dot matrix printer or something like that. There is autographs
that were forged. So it's, it's a mess as far as what has happened here. Even a couple of the games
had gone through Wada, that grading company, and they had graded them like a okay. Even though
they're fake. So Wada, of course, is like, Oh, hey, hey, we'll look at those again. But apparently,
they're saying that since 2015, he's roughly been involved with $107,000 worth of transactions.
I guess I did play appropriate noise for collectors getting scammed. So there is
that. So it was the game over noise and Mario. So anyway, because it's at the start of a video
for an upcoming segment here. But yeah, let's see. Mike deaf says I remember PSA grading a
fake Pokemon card with a 10. So yeah, that some some fakes are really convincing. So you got to
be care. I don't know. Like I, I would be very careful getting into this market right now.
Well, and considering though that like, with that, like, it's also hard to tell like,
when that stuff seal like, if you're not going to open up, see if the disc is legit or not,
you're looking at the box like, yeah, that's, you know, correct. I don't know. No, for sure.
I don't think I'll be buying any classics. Well, unless it's like a game I want to play for like
12 bucks on the shelf for 15 bucks, but not hundreds of thousands of dollars anytime soon.
That's for sure. Because the whole thing seems scammy. It's almost as scammy as NFTs.
So yeah. Anyway, let's get to it. Let's get to it. Let's go back to a time when
video games weren't so scammy.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault
and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
Well, actually Dark Soccer, you won't be telling people about it tonight. I will. And the classic
game of the week that I've chosen tonight is Pitfall. Usually I will, I know Dark Soccer loves
to pick a game that came out like right at the cutoff, which is 10 years ago. So like a game
that's 10 years older or more. Pitfall, the game I've picked tonight is 40 years old. So here's
the game. Yes, this game came out in August of 1982. So this is a 40 year old game that I've
picked. And Mike Defton chat says, or I'm sorry, also SEO in her matter, like really, we haven't
done Pitfall. I did Pitfall 2, the sequel a long time ago, like in the 400s somewhere along there,
one of the earlier classic games that I picked. But no, we have not discussed the original Pitfall,
or at least it's not on the wiki, in which case it didn't happen. So yeah, this is an
a lot of people of course, recognize this classic because this is a definitive 1982 classic game for
sure. This is a game that was created by Activision back when it was good, or at least published
Activision. The designer of this game, of course, was the famous David Crane, who was a really famous
designer because of games like Pitfall back in the 80s. In this game, of course, you are controlling
a character named Pitfall Harry was the character's name and he ended up kind of becoming a little bit
of a B-tier character later on. You saw him in other things and, you know, he was a mascot of
sorts for a certain time. You go through this world with basically an upstairs and a downstairs.
There's the overworld and there's the caves. And you can see both on the same screen. And there
are 255 screens that you're going through. Wow, it's two to the power of what, eight? So everything
is always two to the power of something in these old games, right? So 256 is that, you know, the
magic number. These screens are connected to the left and to the right. So some people may argue
it is easier to run to the left in this game. It all depends on how you want to play it.
The goal of this game is to collect treasure and run an entire loop through the game. You're
trying to get 32 treasures in the jungle in 20 minutes. It's harder than you think because you
have to use the caves underground in order to do it because the caves kind of move you ahead
by three screens each time. But sometimes that can lead you into a brick wall. So there are very
specific ways to kind of get through this game. The treasure bags, money, gold bars, silver bars,
diamond rings, and that all changes the points to it. A perfect score in this game is 114,000
points. That means you never get hit with a little rolling log or anything like that or fall
or your die or any of that stuff. So yeah, there is a way a specific way to run through this game
very fast. You have to use the underground tunnels to do it, of course. And this game was rereleased
a lot. This game was ported to a lot of different places in the 1980s. Because of course,
games back then were ported to a lot of things. So of course, most people know the Atari 2600
but it came out on Apple II, the Atari 8-bit computers, Atari 5200, ColecoVision, the MSX,
the Intellivision, and of course the place where I played this game mostly, which was,
you guessed it, the Commodore 64. So let me switch the scene here for those watching live
to the Commodore 64 version, which was a little noisier because the jumping kind of made a
different noise. And the footsteps all made noise. And of course, it used the SID chip
there for the vine noise to make this very impressive stereo effect. But otherwise,
it pretty much was the same game that you would see on the 2600. Let me turn down the volume a
bit because the footsteps running by are going to be really annoying because it's constantly
throughout this Commodore 64 version of the game. David Crane, who made this game, said that in 1979,
he kind of made technology to display a running man. And in 1982, he wanted to use it in a game.
So that's where Pitfall came from. He says, I sat down with a blank sheet of paper and drew
a stick figure in the center. I said, okay, I have a little running man, and let's put him on a path.
Two more lines on the paper. Where is the path? It's a jungle. Why is he running? Treasures.
And Pitfall was born. This entire process took about 10 minutes, about 1000 hours of programming
later, the game was complete. And yeah, I think, you know, many people remember this game as like
a really early platforming game that they played and it sold very, very well, which was important
for a few reasons because it was not an Atari developed game. It was developed by a third party,
one that was very attractive to newer developers because and programmers because they credited
people with the game. Later versions of this game actually called it David Crane's Pitfall. So it
was very popular. This game sold 1 million units in five months. It was more popular than ET,
to put it in perspective for 1982, which is pretty sick. That's a very low bar to hit, but okay. It
is. But when you consider Atari spent $21 million for the ET license, and a third party got this
one. Yeah, money well spent. Exactly. And people remember this game is one of the all time best.
The Arky Awards, which I've never heard of, but sure. Oh, it's because it was electronic games
magazine. Okay, it was a while ago. It got best adventure video game. Game Informer said this is
the 41st best game out of all time out of the top 100. But that was in 2001. So it was a while ago.
But in 2013, Entertainment Weekly said it was one of the 10 best Atari 2600 games. Okay,
I guess it's probably not a huge I mean, yeah, this is a hugely influential game.
And then of course sequels. I've talked about Pitfall to the Lost Caverns before.
It was a long time ago. So maybe you weren't listening to the show back when I did that.
But it's it's worth your time to check out because that was the first Atari 2600 game with a
soundtrack actually. And it was great on Commodore 64 as well. And they remade it into a game called
Super Pitfall for the Nintendo Entertainment System, which in my opinion was fucking garbage.
It's actually one of the worst NES games I've ever seen was Super Pitfall. So how dare they call it
a port of Pitfall to the Lost Caverns? Because it's terrible. They Loki they gave Pitfall Harry
a gun. And as cool as that sounds, it did not work. No, it did not. Anyway, later on, we got
Pitfall The Mayan Adventure for like Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis. And they ported it
to a lot of places. Pitfall 3D Beyond the Jungle, where Bruce Campbell did Pitfall Harry Jr. You
know that that came out on the PlayStation. It was also out on the Game Boy Color. And then there was
another sequel called Pitfall The Lost Expedition. But let's be real, it by then the series it
evolved into something different. It wasn't really the same thing that we saw here. There
was a rerelease for iOS and Android. But it's not this game. It's a 3D endless runner and it came
out in 2012 when those were really huge. I didn't know this. David Crane did a Kickstarter for a
game called Jungle Venture, which was to be a spiritual successor to the original games.
He was trying to raise $900,000 to create Jungle Venture. Do you know how much he raised?
$31,000. So it was pretty bad. And on reflection, David Crane said, you know what? People thought
he was asking for too much. And everyone turned against him as soon as they saw the cost.
And it was a bad time. There's been too many Kickstarters of that price that have gone sour.
And I think it's just, yeah. Anyway, Pitfall also showed up on the CBS Saturday Supercade
with Pitfall Harry. Robert Wrigley voiced Harry. And Rhonda, the niece, was in the animated series
as well. She's in the sequel, as well as Quick Claw, the lion. So they were all in that. But
then Pitfall Harry got replaced by Kangaroo and Space Ace in later seasons. So it wasn't around
very long. Also interesting, an abbreviated version of Pitfall is in the game Gary Kitchen's
Game Maker, which was a Commodore 64, Apple II, and IBM PC released in 1985. That's kind of
interesting. And Pitfall is, of course, referenced in the movie Ready Player One as one of the only
2,600 games that still hasn't ended. And there were clones. When you have popular games, people
make clones. Trapfall for the TRS-80 and Cuthbert in the Jungle for the Dragon 32.
Do you remember this game, Logie? Pitfall? Did you play this?
Yes, I played it on the Atari 2600.
It's a good game, huh?
Yes, it was one of my favorites.
Yeah.
Certainly was an ET.
Yeah, for sure. Let's see. Shehulk in chat says, Pitfall is a great game.
Bit.Trip Runner is a great homage game to Pitfall. You know, I never thought about that,
but you're right. I mean, I don't know if you can say Pitfall invented the side scroller platformer,
but it certainly showed that they could be popular. Because again, this sold a million
copies, and we didn't have a game like this on the Atari 2600 yet. Some folks in chat are thinking
about what might a remake, you know, what if Jungle Venture had happened? What might a remake
of Pitfall look like now? Tiger Claw says, Imagine next gen Pitfall. Well, a lot of them went 3D.
I'm not sure it's, you know, as exciting as the original was, but it sure seems like a lot of you
would go run a game like this. So, yeah. Let's see. Bobby Blackwell says, My Pitfall experience
was on Intellivision. Yeah, there was a version of this on Intellivision. I believe they released
Pitfall on the Sega Master System as well. But if I remember correctly, that is a port of the
arcade game, which is Pitfall 2. So, it is not the original, original Pitfall. So, but there it is,
your classic game of the week, Pitfall, originally on the Atari 2600, but later out on a variety of
different systems. So, I hope you like that. Yeah. I wasn't sure what to pick tonight. So, I was,
well, I had asked somebody else to do it, but our schedules couldn't line up today to do it.
So, I was like, all right, last minute pick, I'll do it. So, sorry, Loki, I really need to let you
have a turn and pick something, but that's fine. Yeah, it's fine. We'll let you drive soon. What's
a game you want to do? Do you know? Oh, gosh, I don't know. All right, well, you probably
shouldn't ruin it anyway. All right. That was the classic game of the week. So, let's get back into
some rapid fire news and talk about some other headlines happening in the gaming world this week.
Loki. Yes, the Steam Deck is getting a delay. Well, the dock is. They're not putting out the
dock for your Steam Deck. So, you're just going to have to plug it into a normal USB device for now.
But yes, they'll be coming later. They said they didn't specifically target a new window,
but that they would be rolling out at some point.
We're working on improving the situation and we'll share more when we have it.
But things that we do have somewhat of a window for. It's going to be Super Nintendo World coming
to Universal Studios Hollywood. That is going to be coming early 2023. This was revealed in a tweet
that they put out. So, very exciting to see that coming nearby, because Japan's too far away from
me. Yeah, I'm excited. And it's not Orlando either, because usually all the cooking
park shit goes to Orlando first. So, sorry, but it's our turn to get something before Orlando.
So, I got Harry Potter World. It's fine, you know. So, you got Harry Potter World first,
then we get this first. Yeah. So, we get the Mario World. And it sounds like the ride is a
little different than Japan. It's still Mario Kart, but it sounds like it's like Bowser's
Castle or something instead. Like, it's different than what they have in Japan.
Probably just the environment or whatever. No, the ride's in Bowser's Castle.
Then maybe I'm mixing the Japan one up with something. Like, I think the theming is different
slightly between the two. I think maybe the track or whatever is going to ultimately be different.
So, well, yeah. Maybe that means the Orlando one will be different as well. Who knows?
They need a roller coaster in there. Yeah. All right. Chad is telling me it's
the same as Japan's. I thought it was a different theming. All right. Whatever.
Maybe because you were thinking, because the interactive ride's called Mario Kart
Bowser's Challenge. But that's what I think it's called in Japan too.
Okay. All right. But yeah. Let's road trip, Loki. Let's go. Let's go to the, I guess,
the broccoli farm and go. This isn't a broccoli farm. That's Disneyland.
This would be the asparagus farm. All right. Asparagus farm. Yeah.
But that'll be fun. I definitely want to go check this out when it opens. I wonder how crowded it
will be when it first kind of opens. Probably pretty early in the year. You know, it's probably
best to get in there before summer. And the nice thing is my job is super cool. And if I want to
just take like a Wednesday, Thursday in the middle of week off to go do it, I can do it. So that's
probably what I'll do. I'll go on a Wednesday. My worry is that like literally you're going to go
there and like spend an hour and you're like, okay, I've seen everything. Like, that's kind of
how I feel it's going to be. Probably. But I like the other rides at Universal Studios Hollywood.
The first time we ever went on the Mummy ride, which is different than Orlando. It's not an
outdoor coaster like Orlando is. The Mummy ride is an indoor black light ride. But we didn't know. So
I went with extra for for those of you that remember Hoard House and, you know, remember
extra has been on this show, too. I went for the first time to Universal Hollywood with extra. We
went on the Mummy ride and we didn't know what it was. We had no idea what we knew. It was a black
light ride and we heard it was a thrill ride. So for those of you that have been on it, it's have
you been on this ride? Loki, the Mummy ride? No, I haven't been there. I'm going to spoil it for
you, but with good reason. So when the ride starts, yeah, it's like a black light, right?
You're going from like room to room and it zips around and you're like, Oh, wow, this is pretty
cool. And it kind of like moves, you know, kind of like, Whoa, whoa, like, it's like, like the
people mover, you know, on crack or whatever. It's like, Whoa. And then you get to this point at the
end. And the, the big evil Pharaoh, I don't know those movies very well, comes on or whatever and
says, like, now I have possessed you or something and does whatever. And then you go backwards,
lightning fast through the entire thing you just went through, which I think they actually cleverly
put on an actually different track to keep things moving. It's not just forward and back. I think
you actually go backwards, like a different way or whatever. But it's it feels like you're going back
through the same thing. And you're going like 70 miles an hour backwards. Xfer and I had no idea
that this was about to happen. The pitch at which we screamed our heads off. I'm sure that like,
there were little kids on the ride that are like, Who are these two man screaming babies in the
front of this car right now? But we didn't know that like, we did not know that the ride went
backward at like 70 miles an hour. Check out one of those like 4k walkthroughs on. Yeah.
It's wild. And then you get back and then you're, you're back at start. And we're just like,
what the fuck just happened? What happened? Oh my God.
Like screaming.
That's funny.
All right. As Joanna Matt says, they made a mirror image of the ride to make it work. I think
defunct land did a thing on it. Yeah. I'm pretty sure you're just going back in reverse, like
mirror image, but it was really, really fun. And so now I love to ride that ride every time I go
to universal Hollywood. Cause I think it's great. And as much as the, the writer of the series
annoys me, I consider Harry Potter at this point to be a Hatsune Miku written series.
So I enjoy going to the wizarding world and drinking the butter beer and that ride is
really well done. The Hatsune Miku presents the wizarding world ride is, is great. I love that
ride. So you weren't talking to Mrs. I said, I don't like that turf who wrote the book. So as
far as I'm concerned, Hatsune Miku wrote, yeah, I buy into Hatsune Miku wrote it. So that's,
that's where I am with that. Hatsune Potter. Yes. And then I love that Simpsons ride is so
fucking cute. I want to see that. It looked awesome. That ride is fun. That used to be
the back to the future ride back in the day, but now it's really fun. So they have some,
they have some cute rides at the transformer rides. Really impressive too. Anyway,
I don't mean for this whole thing to be a fucking ad for universal studios, Hollywood,
but I would say there are more things to do there than just super Mario world.
And like you have to do the backlot tour. If you're going to go to universal use,
it takes like an hour to get through the backlot tour. Cause you're in line for 20 minutes.
The tour is like 25 minutes. It's not short. You go on this Tramra and then the tram has some
weird stuff built into it. Like there's like a King Kong tunnel, but it's super lame. They
need to get rid of it. Earthquake. And yeah, the earthquake's actually pretty cool. Although it's
very like 1970s movie, but it's cool. Well, it's 1990s cause like I remember when they first put
that in, like we went to it and did all that. Oh, that's cool. They had a fast and furious thing
last time I was there, which was okay. Yes. They had that too with the dancing cars.
No, they replaced the car scene with a whole like a tunnel. You go in and a movie plays and
all this stuff. They replaced the carpet. Yeah. Oh yeah. Cause the dancing car thing. I was like,
okay, cool. Yeah. No, there was like a car crash reenactment or something.
Oh yeah. And then they always have to do Jaws. They have Norman Bates come out and chase the car.
Yep. And it just depends what else is going on because like they used to have the Desperate
Housewives street was there and there was because they do shoot things there. The voice shoots at
Universal Hollywood, I think. And they would always talk about that. So anyway, sorry,
I don't mean to turn this into a theme park podcast, uh, dark diseases, whatever happened
to the explicit Disney podcast. I would so still do something like that, but like theme parks are,
I'm going to be explicit fucking expensive. So that's traveling around to the theme parks is
the challenge with that, to be honest. So anyway. All right. Um, let's move on. Let's travel around
the world and check out some release dates and things that will be out faster than we can get to
Universal Studios Hollywood. Not much to speak because of course, you know, it being previously
E3 week, but not quite E3 week. Uh, there's not a lot coming out. So, uh, let's see, we've got.
They'll probably be some today releases with, um, summer game Fest.
Yeah. Some digital stuff. Um, so we have Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic two,
the Sith Lords on Nintendo switch, uh, the cycle frontier on PC.
We have even if tempest on tend to switch tour de France, 22 on PC PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, X-Box one and X-Box series, demon Slayer, uh, Komitsu, no,
yeah. Bye. Uh, the Hinokami Chronicles on Nintendo switch, Mario strikers, battle league on
Nintendo switch, uh, metal max Zeno reborn on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation four.
And last but not least the query on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, X-Box
one and X-Box series going over to Japan and checking out the releases there on the
Nintendo switch this week, we have demon Slayer, Kimetsu, no, yeah. Uh, you know,
come a couple of time comes out this week. Uh, that is in Japan, regular and limited edition,
a game called clap, exclamation exclamation with a K. So it's K L a P. And I was disappointed to
find out this game is not about clapping. Um, but it is, it looks like it's another dating
SIM to be quite, I don't know if it's based on anime or what, but apparently this is whole,
a whole like a, but it's, I think it's a female protagonist where you date men is what I believe
this one is. So, um, that's fun. Um, yeah, you do not get the clap as part of the game. I don't,
I don't know what K L a P stands for. Um, perhaps. Yeah. Anyway, um, moving on, what else do we have
in Japan this week? We have, Oh, Mario strikers battle league is a worldwide release of course.
So it is out in Japan this week as well. So, um, really that's about it for the switch
on the PlayStation five. Um, nothing. Oh no, the quarry actually is, would be this week.
So that game also gets a Japanese release this week, which is, um,
I can't imagine it's localized for Japan, but I will point out it's published by take two over
there instead of two K that's the same thing. Yeah. Which is why, why did they put it under
different labels though? That's weird. I don't know. Yeah, that's weird. Maybe they don't know
two K over there. All right. Anyway, let's move on. How about the UK? We've got spell force three
rebound. Um, that's coming on PlayStation four and X-Box series. We have Ikai on PlayStation
four and five and to switch metal max Xena reborn on PlayStation and the switch Mario
strikers battle league on Nintendo switch demon Slayer on Nintendo switch. Also getting the quarry
on PlayStation and X-Box as well. And that's it. There's a lot of people I know that are super
excited about that quarry game because, um, spiritual successor to until dawn,
give me a quarry rush of blood, please. Which is weird because until dawn, that whole,
what do they call that universe? There's other games that have already come out in that universe.
Um, really? Yeah. I can't God damn it. I can't remember the name. Somebody in chattel beat me
to it, but it's the whole, like, there's a whole universe where, and there's other games that have
come out in that, but they're, they have not really seemed to catch wind the way, um, until
dawn did. So this seems to be like the true, like spiritual successor to the game. There was a VR
game that they put out. What the hell was it called blood? No, no, a different one that,
that was more like until dawn with the choices and stuff.
Oh, um, it's going to bug me until I figure out what that game is called.
Butterfly. No, wait, no, that's not butterfly effect. Uh, that's a game mechanic.
Let's see. Don't know.
Now I need to look at like what super massive games did.
Was it house of ashes? Yes. House of ashes. I think was one of them
that they did the dark. They call it anthology. That's what I was thinking that there were other
house of ashes. It's dark pictures, anthology. That's, that's what I was trying to think of.
So there we go. Phew. That was going to bother me until I knew what it was. All right.
All right. Let's, uh, let's get into some more news, more bundles
games for great causes on the cheap, right? Loki.
Yes, we have the, um, the queer games bundle is going to be coming out on itch.io and is a
collection of 500 plus games that you can get for $60. So that's going to be benefiting. I guess
the money is going to the LG BTQ developers who may be 500 games. I don't think they're
donating it to anything else, but it's good to support them. Um, what else?
I want to see what games are in here. If there's anything I recognize.
Uh, well, and honestly, maybe the fact that you don't recognize something is part of the
reason why a bundle can really help bring visibility, um, to the games. So I think that's
great. Yeah. I'll check it out. Let's look through. Yeah. I want to see maybe, wait,
I just saw a Lincoln chat here. So let me check it out here. Cause I actually didn't know about
this fundraiser. Um, and I'm curious if I recognize anything here. Um, I swear somebody
linked this Parmesan game on Twitter. Um, the Parmesan, an eight bit story about a non-binary
person being bullied for being who they are. I'm almost positive. Somebody I know who's
non-binary was talking about that game. Um, I'm going to tell you right now, I have my
winner of the bundle here. Crime frog. Crime frog? That sounds fun.
Opposite of frog detective. You're a frog that commits crimes. Or there's also wrapped your
boyfriend. Uh, what's, oh, I like this. Look at this. There's a game called X purrs. Oh no,
that's the, is that the name of the game? Yeah. X purrs online X. Chat with your online cat
friends. That's perfect. Perfect. Yeah. I'll pick up this bundle for sure.
Yes. There's, there's lots of interesting things in here.
Awesome. Oh no. As you went home, Matt sent the wrong link.
Oh, he sent me the 2021 bundle. Dick. No, I'm just kidding. It's fine. He was getting me all
excited about these games. All right. That's all right. Let me see if I get, let me see what I
noticed in the 2022, but all right. Well, you know what? It doesn't take away from anything
I said about those other games. Um. Crime frog. That's really what I don't.
Yeah. I don't wreck it. Actually. I do notice there are a lot of games from the 2021 bundle
that are here too. What's this sock puppet song and dance. Oh, it's songs and step charts for
step mania. That's fun. That's a cute add on. Duck. Yeah. Sock puppets, song and dance. There's
something called duck, duck swap. Are you a duck or a duck or a duck? I like that. A game called
three lesbians in a Barrow. You know exactly what you're going to get with that. I love it.
All right. I'll check this out. Sorry. I, I know me scrolling through a list does not make for the
most exciting radio, but I was like genuinely curious. What was, uh, in this Virginia
Wolfenstein, but with two O's. See, that's funny. Well, here's another one. Here we go.
Lay lay perfect crime. It is a cat based stealth game set in a museum.
And there's another cat game here called screams and Queens, but it's a tabletop RPG,
but it stars cat pageant Queens at a spooky school. I mean, I like the amount of cat games
in the cat games, but gays love cats. Like, and I'm, I'm saying that with firsthand experience,
um, here, here's the thing. People try to get me to play D and D and I'm always like, yeah,
D and D is cool, but like, I don't know. I'm kind of, but like, if you invite me over,
like don't invite me over to play D and D invite me over to play cat pageant, Queens,
tabletop RPG, and then I'll be like, Oh, yeah, I'm in. Tell me more
people, people. All right. Uh, thanks for the heads up about the bundle though. Sounds great.
Uh, what else do we have? Okay. All right. And then, uh, we also have
a, uh, there's a, tell me why is free to download now on Xbox and PC and celebration of
pride month. So you can get that via the Microsoft store or steam. So that's pretty cool.
Also Xbox publishing is going to be donating $25,000 to each of the transgender law center
and trends lifeline. Awesome. And that's good. That's a good, I haven't played through the
entire series, but, um, I really liked the first episode and I just need to finish it,
but you know, my attention span won't let me do those types of things. So yeah, check it out.
Yeah. And then, uh, we've got news that, uh, Junichi Masuda is leaving the Pokemon company.
Um, or I'm sorry, leaving game freak for a role at the Pokemon company.
So he says, I've served as the director of the Pokemon video game series, starting with
Pokemon Ruby version, Pokemon Sapphire version up until Pokemon X and Y, um, and was involved
in the development of many video games, including Pokemon go. I would like to express my heartfelt
thanks to all the Pokemon fans going forward. I hope to transcend the batteries of video games
by trying to offer greater surprises, fun, and excitement to people all over the world while
doing my utmost to connect people, expand the circle of play and help bring about a richer
world for us to share. I appreciate your continued support in my new role. And, uh, what is that new
role? He's going to be, let's see. I don't know. It's going to be doing something.
Well, if he's moving to the general Pokemon company as opposed to just game freak,
you imagine that he's on these Pokemon projects that aren't just the video games because, you
know, keep in mind, Pokemon is a fucking brand, right? It's the anime, it's the stuffed toys,
it's the movies, it's, it's everything. Right. And to hear him talk about new experiences is that
maybe it is something beyond just a game as we think about, I don't know, my brain kind of goes
to AR type of experiences. Cause I feel AR because it's like, you hear Niantic talking a lot about
that too. Not that I'm saying that necessarily like, you know, who will Pokemon go already?
He's going to be the chief creative fellow. So, okay. So he's responsible for coming up
with new ideas for where Pokemon is going next. And I think that's very evident in what he's
saying in his statement too, is that he wants to go beyond just a video game. He wants to do with
the Katamari Damacy guy did and make a playground. That's what he wants to make a Pikachu.
Yeah, but he came back to games. There's only so many playgrounds you can do before you get
bored of that. That's like, that's a hobby thing. And then you go back to what you know.
Yeah. But I think that, I think that's what it is. This is about kind of like doing things other
than just the game, but like realizing a fun thing in other ways. And it's probably just playing with
new technology to see where that might be. Or he's, or they're reviving Pokemon sleep
and maybe he's, he's going on that. Who knows? It's worth a shot.
He's going on sleep. I'm taking a sleep from now until, eh, in the future.
No, Pokemon sleep. Remember?
Yeah, exactly. I understand that. But in order to test Pokemon sleep, you have to sleep.
Ah, you have to nap a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
SSG100Matt says, Pokemon theme park in North America, please.
Honestly, honestly, would any of us be sad if that's what he's doing?
No, I don't think any of us would be sad. A Pokemon theme park? Sign me the fuck up.
Don't they already have those in Japan?
Well, I think so. They have like Pokemon centers for sure too. That's just basically the store.
They've got to have a whole theme park. I'm surprised the Nintendo partnership with
Universal doesn't turn into that. But I think that they're expanding on that.
So like Nintendo Land, what they have right now is just kind of...
To correct myself, technically, Nintendo doesn't own Pokemon. The Pokemon company
owns Pokemon, right? So it gets into those nuances.
I get that.
Right. Yeah, yeah.
But like, I think, though, that they were supposed to be expanding to
like a Donkey Kong country thing.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, yeah. So I don't know. We'll see.
I would love a Pokemon theme park. I would even travel to like North Dakota for a Pokemon theme
park or like a state that's like not really on my must go. Montana? Let's fucking go.
Like, I'll go to a place that's not usually at the top of my travel list.
They can have Pokemon Snap IRL.
Now you're fucking talking. Absolutely.
That's the game you need. Yeah.
All right. Before we get to the listener roundtable, let's talk about Super Bomberman
R and how they are ending the online service. Specifically, it's Super Bomberman R Online,
which I believe is a separate release than the Super Bomberman R that originally came out
for Nintendo Switch. They did a Super Bomberman R Online in May of 2021.
So it hasn't even been a year and the plug's getting pulled.
I'm sorry. It has been one year. Excuse me. One year.
So Dr. Seuss says, yeah, it's the free to play one.
Why is Konami closing this? This is Konami.
But on the record, they've said the series is moving forward with new projects
and they want to show off something soon and says, thanks for the support of the series.
However, go to hell. We're pulling the plug. No, they didn't say that second part,
but that's what it feels like to fans of Super Bomberman R Online.
But here's my question. How many people were actually still playing that game?
And I'm not talking about the original Super Bomberman R.
How many people were actually playing that online game?
Which wasn't that a Stadia thing too? I swear that was a thing they announced
for Stadia right around that time too. It may have been.
I'm Googling it right now. Yes, it is. It was a Stadia thing.
Cause I think Stadia was really hyping that up when it originally came out on that as well. So
RIP and peace. That's it for the news that we have scheduled tonight.
Now we'd like to invite you guys to participate with the show. If you'd like to call us
in our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord, that's vognetwork.com slash discord.
And in the green room is the place you can go to get in on the show.
You can send us an email if you like. Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
I don't think we have any emails tonight. Sad face, but maybe next week we will get some.
Thank you. Orange Rite is saying what I thought was the case. It started as a Stadia exclusive
and it went to other consoles eventually.
The Stadia still has a Pac-Man game that's exclusive, don't they?
But I thought Bomberman wasn't that on, it wasn't the exclusive though, wasn't it
also on the Switch? I thought that was a Switch launch title.
It was eventually, but no, you're, you're, there was a Super Bomberman R on the Switch.
There was that. This is a online free to play thing. That's basically the same fucking thing.
It's, it's Bomberman, Loki. You know how much that game's evolved over the years?
Not that much. So that Bomberman online specific one was Stadia first. And then
when Stadia kind of didn't have enough players, uh, they released it to other places too.
All right. We do have somebody waiting in the green room. It's a, it's a frequent call.
It's a serial caller to OLR, but we love to hear from this caller.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
And they, they popped right back to the green room. Awesome. Let's try again.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello there, good friend. Hi, how are you?
No, I'm fine. How about you?
Good. It's the one and only Rama everybody. How are you?
Good. I'm good.
What's on your mind tonight?
Oh, oh, Robinson Roberts. You and I need to have a little talk young man.
Don't you call me by my full name.
I just did. And there's a reason why I did.
Oh, why is that? What did I do? Oh, is this last week? Oh, I can't wait.
Yeah. I was gone for the whole weekend. You know,
Memorial day off having a good time.
Anime convention. How dare you?
No, no, no.
I thought it was, I thought there was a big anime con last week.
There's like, there was like three to four major anime conventions.
I, I spent it with a friend, but I have to come back into discord, you know, after
work and all of that. And I was told to listen to last week's show and a DDR challenge.
That's right. That's right.
Why? Why are called into the show last week and basically was like, Hey, Rama, you got served.
And is it now, is it on it's on?
No.
Okay. What's tell me, tell me how you reacted to hearing that whole thing last week.
It's just a muse because I was talking about throwing together DDR for us, older folk,
like some of the more of the classic songs from DDR. That's no longer there.
That today's generation had no idea. I've heard of like, have you ever been mellow?
You know, some of the great suffered through keep on moving. I don't think you have,
or, and I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry. That song is fine.
Wow. I'm definitely getting old. I'm sorry. Let them move was the song I meant to say.
Have you ever suffered through?
Have you ever suffered to let them move? I don't think you have.
Yeah, I, I I've suffered. I know you have. I'm just saying these, these young kids today,
they don't know, but the main reason why I am not accepting why our challenge is because
years ago I couldn't even pass max 300 on basic. What makes them think that I could do it now?
Because you're good enough. You're strong enough and doggone it. People like you.
Just true. But scientific fact knows that my endurance can't make me do it because if I do it,
you're going to need to have nine one one on speed dial and oxygen tank and a cart nearby. Okay.
Cause you, I am going to either collapse halfway through the step chart or you're going to drag me
off. Here's the thing. And I'm going to say this to YYRS credit actually, although yes,
this is a very lofty challenge. There's a lofty goal to me. I really put this on the same level
as I'm going to train to run a marathon, not walk a marathon, run a marathon that is in my, like,
that is kind of literally what the ask is here on the physical level. I mean, you know,
some would argue the ins and outs of it, but I would say it's, it's very similar to
basically saying, Hey, Rama, I want you to train to run a marathon, which is,
it's a very lofty goal, but that it's going to take some work. It takes a bit of training.
You do have to build up your stamina and so forth. I do. I do applaud what, of course I
love what we are. I love they calls it a show and so forth. And I do applaud his effort behind that,
you know, and trying to get people to us old assholes to get more physically active.
And yes, he's a good example of you don't, you can be 40 and still do this shit. And I think
probably he's sick of hearing you and me say, no, we can't. No, we can't. He's sitting here going,
yes, you fucking can shut up, baby. I'm, I'm putting words in his mouth, but essentially
that's what he's saying. So I, on that level, I completely respect that. Like, you know,
you got to work for it and get, but it's just, you know, do we have the time to do that now?
Now, Rama, I think for me and where I'm at, I'm a little more apt to try this challenge because
I've already, thanks to things that happened to me personally, six months ago, have been making
diet changes and weight changes. And, you know, I've talked about how I've lost 50 pounds over
the last nine months, which is a huge life accomplishment, right? But that means that
my body's already, and I can see it in the heart meter. When I walk, it used to be that my heart
rate was really high. Now, my heart rate when I'm like walking is like not going up very much
at all, which is actually showing me, I probably need to get more physical activity. My only problem
is I don't really have a DDR machine near me anymore. I mean, I'm hoping that the Roseville
round one opens, but even then you're talking about a machine that's gonna be like 30 minutes
away from me. It's on the other, other side of Sacramento, literally. Well, I totally hear you
on that. Now where I work, which is like 10 blocks from Times Square, there's a Dave and
Busters right there. I can go there. Now the new one in Brooklyn, also that one is on my way home.
I actually said to a friend of mine, when we went to go play, we should do this every Friday night,
you know, because personally, when I went with that Dave and Busters with all five of my power
cards and had them put together, I think I have total of over a hundred tickets and 180 chips
all together. So I'm like, all they're doing is collecting dust. So I will sit and I will do this.
I will do three runs and then go home. Add me some water, have me some tea. And if I did some
really good, I'll go to the bar, have me a rum and Coke and be like, dammit, I deserve this.
Now I hear you about the Dave and Busters, about the round one being a half hour away.
It would be one thing if you were driving back and forth and it's long the way.
And I just, I could also go to Loki's house to use a DDR machine.
Loki's even further away.
You know, Rob, you know, step mania, right?
Yeah.
Do you have DDR pads in your house?
Not anymore.
Do you see where I'm going with this?
Yeah, I could. I could. Yeah. Maybe.
Why not? Yeah. I'm just saying between me and your darling husband, we probably have enough
PC parts to build together a simple machine with all the step charts. And you probably know
somebody that you could borrow a hard pad from, plug it in and roll with it.
Hubby and I have birthdays coming up and we're looking at, get this, this is how gay we are,
matching PCs. We're going to get matching PCs. We're just, because we're at that,
we're also at that age drama where we're just like, just pay the other people to build the
PCs and send them to us in a box. No, that's far from a gay thing to do.
That's a gaming thing to do. I actually know couples who had their gaming machines right
next to each other. I'm the type of person where no move your rig further away. I need all this
space, but you know, I think that's wonderful. So ironically, this machine here could be a step
mania machine if I really want it to be. If you're getting, I'm just saying,
if you're getting a brand new PCs across the board, you can move OLR studio on software to
the new PC retrofit, the old machine with the DDR pad, dark tip. So you probably has all of
the step charts. He's probably chilling in your backyard, you know, in the trench coat, opening
it up. Like I got all the mixes right here. What you need. I just also realized I literally have
a Mac mini that now does nothing. If we want to take all our mobile again at some point,
I guess it's there. But yeah, now I have, I have a Mac mini paperweight at this point. So there's
also that. Yeah, you know that too. Well, right there, you know, I say, why not? It's worth
thinking about because then I think about, Oh, but this room is upstairs. It might make a lot
of noise, but then I'm like, Oh, wait a minute. The downstairs neighbor is me. Cause we live,
we live in a townhouse where we have like our living areas downstairs and upstairs is the
bedrooms. So yeah, better. And I mean like, you might as well just take it a step further,
not just put step many on there. See if you can emulate a guitar freaks and beat mania and throw
it on there. Why not? You know, you got me thinking, I'm going to say that you've got me
thinking. All I did was have a, I just got a micro ITX board and a Ryzen, I think it was a
Ryzen three with an APU. Um, and then just like maybe four gigs of Ram. It's like, you don't
really need anything. And then just an SSD, you know, uh, I, so it's like, it's literally, it's
all in just like a tiny board and that's it. Hmm. Yeah. One drive the boot, the OS and other drive
with all this, with all the mixes and the step. All right. You got me, you got me. We'll see.
I mean, Rob, if you play this right, the only money you'll be spending is getting, um, hard
pads. That's it. Yeah, no, that's right. Cause it's something I could hook up on USB or something.
Yeah, for sure. All right. Y'all let me think. I will neither confirm nor deny,
but I'm thinking. You just have to drop a few thousand dollars to get an SMX machine
and then you're all good. I will say every time, you know, cause I'm friends with Kyle
on Facebook cause I think probably a lot of long time music game people are every time
he posts a song list update, I'm like, Jesus, this game. And that's a good, that's a good Jesus,
this game this week, man, it's, it's all been electric, electric call boy, man.
Like that. And he fucking got desire, uh, which is now he's, you know, one of his,
a new desire song, like, so like Sugaru from the old school DDR days,
like there's a new one of those in the game now. And I'm like, Jesus, this game.
So Bobby does say, make sure it's on the bottom floor of your house. So you don't shake the
ceiling and they're in is kind of the problem. Cause the bottom is already kind of spoken for us.
I don't know. Cause the bottom is also the kitchen though, but we'll see. Never say never. I'm just,
I'm not sure yet. Okay. And when you do go through all of this, make sure you get yourself a nice
pair of Skechers. Well, that's not a problem. I already buy it's like everything I wear is
Skechers are all though. So that part's easy. There you go. All right. Um, so challenge
officially declined, but possibly me accepting some form of the challenge. We'll see DDR club
where we play every weekend and trade off what we've been doing. Sure. You know? Yeah. I wish
there was a step mania machine near here. Cause then we could do the whole app thing. And then,
cause they got a, it's just, it's built smarter. I think than the only one I know of is in Rocklin
and that's at the strike. They have went the bowling alley there. Yeah. The strike. Oh,
well that's like 45 minutes from me, but at least it's like, I haven't played it a long time,
but they had it there last time I was there, which was free COVID. So I need to go out there
some weekday when the kids aren't there. It was pretty dead when we went out there,
but even on the weekend. All right. Interesting. DT just came up with something,
a weekly set list or something. That's not full of heavy charts. You know, he may want to join in.
All right. We'll see our club DDR club. All right. It's it's a cute idea. I'm I'm into it.
We'll see. We'll see when I get there. When I get the rig, we'll sell, see who's on board for a
DDR club. Yeah. All right. Anything else on your mind tonight? Rama? That's it. But check your
phone in the next five minutes. I'm sending you something. Okay. I will. All right. Thanks in
advance. Whatever it is. All right. I think, unless you're going to like, okay, good. I'm
like, it's something I'm gonna like. Right. Okay. Okay. All right. Oh, always. It's good to hear
from you. Rama, uh, anime jam session on Tuesday. Go hear about the 500 anime conventions that
happen nationwide this weekend. Most definitely. Oh yeah. And, uh, dragon slay conventional. Yeah,
but it's an action. It's a fighting game. It's actually pretty good. I have it. Oh,
okay. Good to know. All right. Take care of my friend. All right. Take care of y'all. Bye.
All right. Always good to hear from Rama. Uh, we can probably squeeze in another call
if anyone wants to call in, or if you have anything you would like to ask us about in chat
over at twitch.tv slash vogue network, you might want to get that out there before I decide I'm
done waiting. Um, Loki, any last minute stories you want to get into? Um, no, just, uh, well,
Fortnite ended its second season. So now they're on season three. Oh, was that the big event or
chapter three? Yeah. And now they have like their chapter three is vibing, which I don't understand
what the gameplay is there, but they have like Indiana Jones and there's lots of dancing and
these like ball things that you can write in just in the name and you can ride wolves. Honestly,
I think it's that they're trying to get people to go to Fortnite just to vibe and not necessarily
even play a game. That's it's, it's trying to expand on the social elements. Like, and I,
I literally know nothing besides what you just said. I'm almost like, just based on,
we've heard that like Fortnite is trying to expand into more of like a pop culture type of thing,
uh, thinking about the Ariana Grande concert and the multiple concerts that have been in there.
This, it probably is just to get people in there to not actually play a game and just vibe.
Don't play our game. They should have called it cool vibes only
or chill vibes only. I don't know. Chill vibes only.
Is that it? That's it. That's it. All right. Well, that's it for calls. That's it from
chat. So that's it for the show. Oh wait. I have to see what this is that I got texted.
Oh, this is cute.
Interesting. Okay. Wouldn't you like to know? All right.
I'll say it's a book. He sent me a picture of a book. I was like,
I didn't even know that was a book. All right. Um, let's see. I do want to read the Fred Reggie
fees and may book though. I cause that, that would have come out by now. Right. Cause I know
he's been out promoting it. I think so. He's been promoting it. Yeah. Check it out. Yeah.
All right. Um, that is going to do it for another episode of orange. I'll show you.
Thank you so much for downloading our show and checking us out. Uh,
we appreciate you tuning in. Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, uh,
tell a friend or two or five about the show, help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices here, uh, to diversify the opinions that we're
putting out on air. A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is,
you picked up the show is a great place to do that. Um, that's it. We go around and get the
final thoughts now and wrap it all up. Uh, I can't believe it's 20 years this month that we've been
doing OLR. Wowee. Wow. Well, we hope to see you back here on the 26th when we officially
acknowledge 20 years on the air, dark soccer should be back next week. We'll hear about her
adventures across country. Uh, let's get to our last, last final thoughts. Loki, your final
thoughts tonight. So my final thought is that I've got, um, so my next S and P that I'm starting
in here pretty soon. So it's on a, with a new group of people. Um, I'm doing a very awesome
theme. The already kind of a bit of a spoiler for myself. Um, it's going to be mega man themed.
So building stuff in Minecraft and mega man, but here's the best part though.
I'm creating eight brand new robot masters, all based on Minecraft stuff. And each one of them
has their own unique soundtrack for this stage. And I have five of the songs already. They're so
awesome. They're so awesome. Some of the best chiptune music ever. So stay tuned for that.
All right. Um, let's see. My final thought is, um, I don't know. I gotta, I gotta play more. I
gotta catch up with my backlog. I gotta, I kinda want to rearrange this room as well. I want to
do that and, uh, maybe move a TV up here for some of my consoles. I don't know. I'm thinking the
gears are turning. It's a dangerous thing. All right. Uh, that's going to do it for another
episode of orange laundry. Have a wonderful night, everybody. We'll see you next week.
Dark soccer will be here and we're going to have what summer game Fest to talk about.
We're going to have the Microsoft event is Sunday morning to talk about there. There's going to be
some big shit this week. So, uh, it's going to be exciting. So we'll see you next week for an
exciting episode of orange launch radio. See you next time. Good night. You've been listening to
orange lounge radio, orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for our live
show. Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM. Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
