Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
It's the year of the remaster, the year of the Switch port, the year of the vinyl soundtrack, the year of the battle royale, another year of Mega Man Classic, and the year of the doll.
I'm a year older, as was this show last month. Stay tuned for all this year's news, or at least this week's, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio live tonight.
Episode number 738 for this July 22nd of 2018. Here to talk about video games with y'all assembled in our live chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
We do tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com
But you podcast folks out there can participate with us as well throughout the week, through your emails, your tweets, and so forth.
But tonight here in studio, it's me, Rob Roberts, or Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E, joined as always by DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
You could go Skie!
Actually, I'm giving serious thought to changing my Twitter name off of Skie, just because I don't really use that name at all.
The reason why that name comes from, like DDR Freak, like years ago, but I don't really use that name anywhere anymore.
So, you know, because of things like this show that started after the DDR Freak days, or during really, I think people just know me online as Rob Roberts at this point.
So, you know, I probably should have some type of...
JD says don't do it because four-letter usernames on Twitter are rare.
That is true. I think if I do switch it, I will probably keep a sock account.
Because the name I really want is Rob Roberts, but a spammer has it.
So my thought is I'm going to hold the Skie account hostage until Rob Roberts is released.
That's my Twitter thinking right now.
I'm always going to keep DarkSakura because people hate me for it.
Why?
Like complete strangers.
You've got the name I want!
Good!
On Twitter, aren't you underscore O-L-R?
No.
No? Okay.
No.
I couldn't remember.
I'm DarkSakura there because I made that account when Twitter was new.
Yeah, we all got on Twitter pretty quick.
Because, well, if you think a four-letter account is rare, follow the show on Twitter, O-L-R.
We have a three-letter account there and we constantly get tweets for like other things.
It's pretty funny.
Fuck off.
Yeah.
But I still, though my other one Kuro Tsubasa is, I decided because I actually was spelling
Kuro incorrectly for black, it just means crowing.
Mm-hmm.
So.
Works.
Sorry about last week.
We weren't here last week and that was completely my fault.
Without getting into all the gory details, I had food poisoning.
It was awful.
Y'all have been there.
I don't need to say anything else about it.
But I'm fine now.
Like most episodes of that sort of thing, by the time 48 hours had passed, it was like
nothing had ever happened.
So it's just unfortunate that fell on Sunday night because I hate missing episodes.
I hate not being here for y'all.
But I know you all are understanding very much as well and I hope you found some other
good indie shows to listen to last Sunday night or maybe some Twitch streamers and probably
played some games.
I know there's a lot of you playing a lot of different games right now.
We'll get into some of those during our gaming weeks in a minute, but I also have to introduce,
of course, Techmaster Loki.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Good.
I had a mediocre sandwich from Subway.
Yeah, well, Subway sandwiches tend to be pretty mediocre, but that's just my opinion.
I should have just gone with the one that's by my work because they know what I want there
and they don't even, they're like, you just have the same thing as normal?
Yeah.
It comes out perfect.
Like this one was just like 80% bread and like nothing and she just like slapped everything
on there and it's just, I could tell she was making like, this is going to be terrible.
Is it the Subway right near here?
Cause they're really bad.
No, it's the one right off the freeway by my house.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
I made a last minute change in what I wanted to get.
And I got, I went originally into Cafe Rio and then I was like, I'm confused at the calories
of all the chips and salsa they eat on there because the online, it says it's 440 calories
on their menu board.
It says it's 1,340 calories.
So I'm like, that's a big discrepancy.
Depends how much you eat.
I suppose.
Um, that subway, I think that you're talking about is right by where I used to work and
without giving away my whole life story here, but that used to be a Quiznos when it first
opened.
Oh man.
Can you say downgrade?
I would rather be a Quiznos.
Are there any of those still around?
No, I miss those.
Those are good anyway.
We used to have one right around the corner from my house and I used to go there all the
time.
Meanwhile, while the rest of you are mourning Toys R Us and shit.
I'm sitting here going, I miss my Quiznos sandwich.
My toasted sandwiches.
I, I'm like the only person that loved that toasted thing.
Everybody else is like, it was good, but then they'll toast it.
Subway stolen.
You give it subway though.
You toast their sandwich and it's still, it's still garbage toasted a sandwich like you
would like you would bake a pizza.
It went through that slow conveyor belt.
It was all, yeah, it like it was good and like they put like, you know, I'd get a steak
sandwich and I had, you know, the Rosemary Parmesan bread with the nice sauce and like
drool and the onions and everything and then come through and you're just like, I don't
need you to do anything that sandwiches cut in half and it's ready to go.
It's just, it's perfect, but that is beautiful.
The problem is it was like I take that sandwich and I go to subway and there is no amount
of sandwich that they could give me that would equal to that sandwich.
It's just, it's not the same.
So I, yeah, it's unfortunate.
All right.
Uh, enough food talk, but it wouldn't be OLR if we didn't deviate into food talk at some
point.
So now we get into our kickoff topic, which as we usually do after a week off is getting
into what we missed the week before.
But um, let me quickly ask, did you guys do anything with the extra time on Sunday since
I know, I saw her, I had to do it kind of last minute, but y'all know how it is.
So did you guys get to do anything fun with your extra unexpected Sunday night off?
I played Pokemon go and saw ant man and wasp.
Okay, cool.
I figured, I figured some Pokemon go might happen.
I stayed in my pajama, not wearing any pants.
Nice.
And then watched, uh, like videos on a YouTube fan fell down a YouTube hole.
That's, that's always a fun way to waste the same thing yesterday is great because I had
an unexpected Saturday off because my schedule, my work, our schedules are start on Saturday.
So because I'm now on a training schedule for another department, yes, um, I had yesterday
off.
Nice.
And that's why I get to be for a whole show just about tonight.
Yay.
Exciting.
All right.
Uh, let's get into some of the topics for the show.
So let's talk about some of the news that we missed last week when we were unexpectedly
off.
So, uh, talking about some Nintendo news, um, apparently, uh, Nintendo had made a comment
about they're not yet at the point where they can announce the entire product lineup for
the autumn.
That was a quote that came out, which seems very strange because autumn is exactly not
that far away.
Now.
We talked about this a little bit at the tail end of Bobby black will show on the call.
I do want to repeat a little bit of it.
Usually I would just tell you, you need to go listen to it to hear it.
But I think part of what we discussed there was really important.
I do need to repeat it.
Um, because my theory on this whole, why Nintendo is waiting forever on this online thing is
that I think Nintendo is really pushing to get something really big out.
That's going to be digital only.
So and I, I think I talked about last show we were here.
I thought something like NES remix, but maybe bigger, something that's going to be download
only that is going to be a big flagship thing for the online service and that they're really
trying to push to get that out.
And actually dark soccer, you said animal crossing, um, as kind of like an offhanded
comment.
And I was kind of like, well, I don't know if it would be that big, but at the same time,
I don't necessarily think that's a, that's a completely off base projection, you know,
because I would think animal crossing is something that maybe deserves a retail release in a
box, but animal cross crossing would also make a really great, like online only download
type of thing.
So I don't hate that idea actually at all.
I'd like an animal crossing MMO and that, and that could be something that, you know,
is pushing the online.
Anyway, my point is with this whole thing, whatever it is that they're working, because
I don't want to get people's hopes up either.
Oh, it's animal crossing.
Maybe not.
It could be, you know, again, think along the lines of NES remix, something you just
haven't thought of yet.
But my thought is that they are really aggressively trying to get that out by October, but right
now Nintendo is in a phase where they're not sure if they're going to make it.
So if they don't make it, then expect that Nintendo direct to be, Oh, it's the online
classics and some little things.
And we're all going to be sitting here going, that's it.
That's what we were waiting for.
But the hype of playing classics online will be kind of cool.
But if Nintendo is able to make the timeline, then we'll get something really big.
But if they miss October, obviously this big thing would just slip into 2019.
We'd get it eventually.
I'd be more curious.
So which games are actually going to use online services because the, how many online, there's
all a whole ton of online games.
I think I'm well, Splatoon two and a smash brothers obviously going to be the huge one
smash brothers when they're expecting everybody to use rocket league and Mario Kart eight
is on card eight.
Maybe a Fortnite.
Fortnite.
Absolutely.
Fortnite.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah, there's, if you really sit down, I mean, maybe not Zelda, breath of the wild
and Mario Odyssey so much, although Mario Odyssey does have the online leaderboards,
but um, you know, maybe not that stuff so much, but there's a fair amount of Nintendo
houses that are using the online.
So anyway, um, some other things that we missed while we were gone.
Speaking of Splatoon two, there was a big, uh, 3.2 0 update with some bug fixes and some
weapon and sub tweaks, uh, that happened.
Uh, let's see the eighties arcade platformer Toki is getting a switch release and a wooden
arcade cabinet to go with that.
Hmm.
Uh, Reggie Fils-Aime talked about the super Mario movie and potential other partnerships.
Uh, in an interview with IGN, he said quotes like, certainly our focus from a Nintendo
perspective as well as working with such an accomplished partner like illumination is
to make sure that what is created is something both fans will love as well as it will be
a great introduction to folks who are not as familiar with the world of Mario.
So most of that is smoke and mirrors, hype chat, but the interesting part of that to
me is that they are making a movie that is geared towards people who may not know who
Mario is, which to me at this point, who doesn't know who Mario is like everybody, especially
our age and younger knows who Mario is.
Even most folks, probably about 10 years older than us, you know, so we're talking about
like maybe when you start to get to like the 65 and older, they don't, that's all my kids
do is they watch, I literally, my kids watch super Mario Odyssey playthroughs all the
time.
I'm like, I asked him once, I'm like, why though?
Cause you beat the game.
So why are you watching people play the game?
I'm like, that doesn't make any sense.
But my youngest son who's not very good at the game, he's just watching people play the
game and yeah, I really can't say anything about that cause that's all I do on Twitch.
I watch people play games.
Are they watching Mario marathon?
No, they're watching just Mario Odyssey.
They want random YouTubers, whoever comes up in the YouTube kids apps, which I don't
even know how it picks up Mario Odyssey cause I don't think that they're actually typing
anything in.
That's the, that's the YouTube market I should have aimed for to try to get more people to
actually subscribe to my channel so I could, you know, like actually make money on Twitch
is like, I should do play throughs aimed at kids and use crazy voices.
No, it's not the crazy voices or anything.
It's literally just the game that they're playing.
It's not a YouTube app.
It's just basically if you have to think dumber because no, no, I'm not saying that kids are
dumb.
I'm saying they don't like at that age, they don't know how to read.
They don't like, my son doesn't know how to read.
I mean he can sometimes recognize stuff, but he doesn't know how to read.
He goes off pictures and so sure, you know, he likes Mario Odyssey because you know, his
brother plays it and I play it and he liked, he plays it too.
And he sees a picture, Oh, Mario brothers and clicks on the picture and then that's
it.
He can't be a streamer in another language.
He doesn't, he can't understand a thing they're saying, but he's watching it because it's
Mario and then he wants to watch Mario.
Okay.
But I mean, I feel like you told this exact same story a year ago, but it was Minecraft.
Well, they still do that.
In fact, my son went back to pop.
He's still watching popular MMOs, which is a mine craft.
Uh, you know, it's a pair of streamers that will do Minecraft stuff.
And so he's, he's totally watching that.
And then my, my kids like keeps talking, talking about hello neighbor and stuff.
How do you know about these games?
Like in five nights at Freddy's and stuff like that.
I'm like, where are you watching this stuff?
So okay, before I let this go though, let me ask you guys and asking the, uh, chatters.
Okay.
So instead of Mr. Rogers neighborhood, Mr. Robert's neighborhood and it's video games,
you better teach them about love and that they're special.
I would, I would at the end of the day, I don't know, man.
And I would say, you know, don't bully the other kids.
Don't be an asshole.
Like your older boy.
I guess I can't say that there's a fine line between, between coming off as a pedophile
and coming off.
And you are also not a Presbyterian minister, Rob.
Just saying.
Well, I mean I could join like the universal Unitarian or whatever that thing is.
You just pay 30 bucks.
Unicornian.
Unicornian.
Sure.
That works.
I like unicorns.
In this way.
Where's that Twitter meme in this house?
We worship unicorns.
That's it.
Cause then we could get like a tax break.
I'm serious.
Let's, let's form the unicornian church.
All right.
I'm, I'm thinking about it.
I don't have to, I have to look into that.
Yeah.
In Alabama, there's the church of the great green frog.
Sorry.
They're Mississippi.
Uh, flying speed.
The great green hippo toad.
They give you a get out of hell free card at conventions.
I have one somewhere.
All right.
Anyway.
Come in handy.
JD said it's the universal life church.
It's the one where you pay a fee and can marry people.
Some, I actually almost was going to do that for a friend's wedding.
But then they ended up, they were like, actually, we're going to have to like scale this whole
thing back into a courthouse wedding.
And I was like, all right, you got to do what you got to do.
But yeah, because I remember starting to go through the motions for that.
So I, yeah, Rob Roberts, a future minister, if you want to Rob Roberts wedding, Mr. Roberts
neighborhood.
Anyway.
Uh, Reggie, Reverend Robert's neighborhood, Reverend Roberts.
Oh my God.
I sound like, Oh God, I sound like the type of Reverend Robert sounds like I ought to
be like a gun owner.
Actually.
I think if you like Google Rob Roberts, like you don't always get me, but I think you get
like a gun guy.
And I'm like, Jesus, of course, of course, the most popular Rob Roberts is probably like
a gun guy.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, moving on.
Um, other partnerships, the quote from Reggie, we see ourselves as making a worldwide consumers
smile through our intellectual property.
Fundamentally, we do that four ways.
We do a mobile, do you, uh, we do it with our licensed relationship with other companies
like Kellogg's.
We have other entertainment, which is where we put universal studios and illumination.
Then we have our dedicated video game business.
This is a key part of our strategy.
This is an area where we are having a range of conversations, just like we did for the
other big two partnerships.
When we have something to announce, we will.
So maybe there will be other very large Nintendo partnerships to come in the future.
Who knows?
Uh, more news that we missed on the week off, uh, job listings at Sony talking about an
unannounced PS4 and PC MMORPG.
So could that be a Sony online entertainment game?
Could that be like EverQuest three or something or DC universe two or, I mean, something new
would always be a great thing too, but certainly gets the head spinning on that.
Also other games, a PS4 arcade robot action game, a PS4 strategy, RPG, and a multi-platform
3d fighting action game.
I like robots and action.
That's true.
Robots and action.
Good things.
Uh, let's see.
Other things.
Robots in disguise.
Um, it's always sunny in Philadelphia, the TV show, which I'm surprised is actually still
on.
That's not an almost.
So I think they're almost done.
I was like, that's not a dig.
That show is really funny, but it's been on a really long, it's the 13th season.
Like they're all going to be as old as Danny DeVito was when it started.
You know what I mean?
Anyway, uh, they're, they're getting a mobile game out of that.
It's always sunny in Philadelphia.
So yes.
And I will play that mobile game.
It's going to be garbage.
It's just going to be like the office space game I have, but I will play that game.
I have actually stopped playing the office space game, but I will totally play the it's
always sunny in Philadelphia game.
Uh, the company mono or mondo, excuse me.
Uh, this might be a winter star Sakura mondo is releasing a vinyl soundtrack for Dracula
X Rondo of blood.
I need this in my life.
That's something, I guess they had some at San Diego comic con.
So why isn't somebody getting me one, but I guess there will be an actual release of
this later.
I will have it and I will frame it because I don't have a record player.
I thought you might enjoy that.
Uh, also Shenmue one and two HD going to have some changes.
The brand of products will be gone.
I'm sure that's no surprise to anyone.
Those, you know, brand partnerships are long gone and the load times will be cut.
Well that's good.
No, my long load times.
God damn it.
I hate the future.
I'm going to miss those.
Remember back in the good old days where you'd have to load star comma eight comma one and
then you have to sit there while it loads for 10 minutes off one side and then flip
the disc over and it's got to load off the other side.
Why can't we have that?
How many, but Rob, how many terabytes was that?
Oh, it was one megabyte or not even.
It was okay.
Loki.
It was a Commodore.
No, hold on.
64.
64 kilobytes.
Apple two E. Same code to run the damn games.
And I was good at kicks.
Uh, anyway, um, so a street fighter 30th anniversary collection international got a new trailer
and a release date.
So the Japanese version will have the localized versions and the different names of the bosses
in Japanese text.
So Capcom giving into the fan demands there, which is a good thing.
I really think.
Uh, and there will be an official guide for mega man 11, which is notable.
It's the first mega man guide since 2006.
So there you go.
That's a little bit about what you missed last week when we had the night off with OLR.
Let's talk a little bit about what we've been up to this week and maybe a little last week
too in our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing.
Dark soccer.
How about you?
Um, Kirby and then watching Mario marathon and then playing a Pokemon go because I feel
bad that I'm not giving gifts to everybody.
So I actually travel outside of my neighborhood to go hit pokey stops in my car driving under
20 miles an hour.
I see that as a good thing and a bad thing.
You know what I mean?
It's a good thing cause it motivates you to get out of the house.
It's the Pokemon.
Pokemon go does not let me live my hikikomori a fantasy, but at the same time I think you
have to like let that obligation go a little bit.
Like Jamie, if I'm gonna tell you right now, if you forget to send me a present one day,
it's okay.
Did you haven't opened my present for three days?
I can't.
I can't.
You did it today.
So I forgive you.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, but I'm just saying, you know, it's, you know, I, I, I remember to take it out a little
bit more often when I'm out and about like, you know, when I was at my delicious Thai
lunch, we were by two pokey stops.
So I did gyms.
I raided by myself when I went to a certain market that someone told me had those chocolates
that I like and I spent way too much money there.
My bad.
Right.
Um, and then, um, I don't know, I've just been kinda sitting back.
I want to, um, actually hook up my steam link cause well, I actually don't think it's going
to work in the room that we've moved our CRT to cause we hooked up the CRT in the office
so that I can start streaming, um, stuff off the SNES.
Nice.
Um, but I'm actually considering because, and I'm not, but I'm actually considering
streaming games that I don't want to play if people will donate to my GoFundMe for my
mom cause she got fired from her job, which we're pretty sure has to do with age and gender
discrimination cause it's Alabama, which is a right to work state, which is just completely
terrible.
There's no protection.
They actually broke some very things that would actually have their HR sued out here.
They just flat out told her some garbage.
So, um, so I've got to keep my mom in her home for three more months until she gets
her widow benefits.
So if you want to see me play shit, I hate halo is halo on the table.
Halo's on the table, but I'd have to play it over here so I'd come over on a Friday
night.
We'll figure it out.
We'll make it work.
Okay.
Shoot.
I might figure out how to get everything up and running.
All right.
Get that going.
I'll put the minute they see you up there streaming stuff, they'll, they'll be more
inclined to make you play bad stuff.
We'll see.
Oh, I don't know.
I'm planning on playing, uh, the, uh, hive swap, um, dating SIM cause I've picked up
all eight episodes of it last night cause I like dating Sims.
I'm trying to think what terrible game I really want Jamie to play.
I got to really like stew on this for a little bit anyway.
All right.
Other games in our gaming week, Loki, how about you?
Um, well this week I went ahead cause they had the whole Amazon prime days thing.
So we decided to get a 4k TV.
So we got a 4k TV and then of course to go along with it, I picked it, I traded in my
PlayStation four for a PlayStation four pro.
And so now I have that hooked up and I picked up, um, I think of horizon zero dawn to play
that.
The problem though is because I have a 4k TV, the kids want to play Disney infinity
on it just for no reason, even though that doesn't benefit from 4k or the pro at all.
And then my wife keeps watching house on it because you know, because you know, house
is just such a current and you know, a current show we haven't watched already, but whatever.
So I have literally gotten the play horizon zero.
I actually haven't gotten the play horizon zero dawn.
I got to watch part of the intro before the kids like, Oh my fucking God, I just want
to see what the 4k looks like already.
So unfortunately I haven't got to touch much in console gaming this week.
Um, it's mostly been Pokemon go.
Um, and even I'm kind of disappointed, so I haven't even got to play my SNES classic
very much, even though I've modded the hell out of that.
Um, because once again, I haven't been able to touch the TV.
Um, what I have been doing in place of playing games on TV is I've been, I don't know what
prompted me to do this.
I think I was looking, Oh, I remember now cause I wanted to do like, start working on
a third person shooter to create a third person shooter.
And I was kind of disappointed with what was available for unity and kind of some of the
template, not really templates, but like some of the like lessons or whatever to kind of
roll your own third person shooter engine type thing.
And it just was not looking great.
So I decided, Hey, you know what, maybe I should just work outside of unity and look
at some other engines.
So I've been teaching myself unreal four, um, this week and actually actually this weekend
last week.
And so I've been going through some stuff in that and I really like how the engine kind
of makes things a little bit easier to make it look nice.
And they have a lot of presets for, you know, doing a first person shooter or third person
shooter game and all that kind of stuff because that's what the engines for.
So it makes sense.
Um, so I haven't really gotten into the programming yet.
I've been actually teaching myself the blueprint stuff in the meantime, which it's a little
bit getting used to because I, you know, I like sometimes just being able to type stuff
in there instead of having to do all this arbitrary linking of stuff.
But I still, I like it.
It's still pretty easy.
Um, and I was messing around with it and you know, was able to build things that look nice.
So, um, I do have something I'm working on that will be done probably this week.
So it just like as a, you know, finish something just to learn type thing.
So there's that.
Then once I finished them, I can say, shut the fuck up about me finishing something cause
it's done.
See, there you go.
Aaron, fuck off.
Yeah.
But I'm hoping to learn a little bit more with that cause I think actually this might
be a better option than unity for me cause it seems that I don't know, I'll have to figure
out what the strengths and weaknesses are.
And today of course, you know, I'm a terrible, terrible, terrible game developer and the
fact that I never use version control, uh, or source control or whatever.
So I had to teach myself how to use, um, those behaviors bite you in the ass.
Yeah.
So I had to, I had to teach myself how to use source tree and get bucket today, um,
bit buckets.
So finally got that to work.
Um, because even the lessons that I'm following, um, what they said to do didn't work.
So I had to figure it out myself through the terminal and I finally got that to work.
But yes, I have source control now.
So that, that's great.
I'm, I'm doing all the right things.
Uh, our pal Bobby Black Wolf says, I honestly think the blueprint stuff in UE4 will be better
for Loki.
It is.
And I, but I do want to learn the C plus plus stuff as well.
But um, honestly, I don't think that there's really any downside to using the blueprint
stuff because I optimization wise, it's about the same where it's like in unity, it can
get fun.
And it's just like even getting stuff to look nice and unity is such a pain in the ass.
Whereas unreal is just fucking gorgeous out the, I mean you can make crap and it looks,
it's so amazing looking crap.
I mean, I just, I like how easy that is.
So I'm curious to see how this will go.
So I'm optimistic, but I've been, I've been, see, I've been working on stuff.
All right.
Haven't haven't let go of it.
I do want to play some 4k gaming and I want to try the PlayStation VR now that I've got
something that'll, you know, output better, but I don't know, we'll just have to wait
and see.
All right.
Uh, my gaming week, uh, let's see, I've been playing Pokemon go as well.
Why not?
I'll just add onto that.
I participated in the Zapdos day yesterday for a little bit.
I had a rehearsal for a, which I guess I should give a cheap plug.
Clue is finally happening this Saturday, uh, here in Sacramento at the colonial theater.
So that's the big thing I've been preparing for.
So we had a rehearsal, so I couldn't do the Zapdos the entire time, but I was able to
do the first two hours.
And in that time we rated like 10 different things and I did get a shiny Zapdos.
So it was like one of the lowest possible appraisals, but eh, I'll take it.
It was fun.
So, um, yeah, just trying to keep getting XP.
Speaking of getting XP, I should mention this too.
So not Pokemon go, but Niantic's other game, Ingress, um, I hit level 16 on, congratulations.
That is a big pain in the ass.
I hit the maximum possible level you can hit in that game.
So it's, it's similar to being 40 and Pokemon go, but obviously they're different games.
So, uh, I actually, I, I, so they kind of had an event going on.
It just finished like two hours ago, but Niantic was like buffing the experience for portal
deploys.
And so I was really able to use that to my advantage, um, by going down and like to the
capital and stuff and deploying.
So I actually, uh, timed it so that my last, uh, the thing that got me level 16 is I deployed
on the state capital, a reso one and a reso six, and that gave me a level 16 and yeah,
super nerdy.
Right.
So, uh, but that was cool.
So a big accomplishment.
So, um, I wanted to be one of the first players that got to 1640.
So level 16 in ingress and level 40 in Pokemon go.
But one of my buddies here locally, uh, from both those games actually just, he just hit
40 and Pokemon go this past week.
And so it made him the first player in Sacramento.
Who's a 1640.
So that's, so I hope to follow in his footsteps.
Uh, that's, I'll probably be, I'm still waiting to level up from whatever level I'm at.
Cause I'm already like 2 million over the cap.
Oh yeah.
It's like a badge.
You're locked in with bad.
Yeah.
I'm locked in with badges.
So, and yeah, I just don't care.
It eventually will come, which is, yeah.
When it's ready.
Um, so anyway, so yeah, that was my AR gaming.
And then when the Harry Potter game comes out, I'm going to try to get max level in
that.
Assuming the game is as good as, you know, ingress and Pokemon go here about the new
update.
They have like new updates coming.
Well, obviously you always have new updates coming for Pokemon go, but they've got some
new like lucky Pokemon now.
Yeah.
I heard about this thing that, um, I guess the latest version of date, cause they're
implementing the Celebi quest are probably going to go live next week or the rest of
us.
Uh, Shane got his when he went to go fest.
So, but the rest of us get to get a Celebi soon, um, which, Oh, the speaking of Shane
going to go fest, he brought me back a Torco tour.
Is that a Torco?
Yeah.
The little turtle, the turtle.
Yeah.
So, uh, that's cool.
Cause I got that in my pokey decks and then, uh, JD was in Florida recently and it's supposed
to be bringing me a hair across and a course solo.
So I'm really excited.
Yay.
So that'll really help with my decks.
Now.
I just need mr.
Mime and King King is gone.
Um, so I guess I'll have to go to Australia.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, well they'll probably like do some event where they'll swap it over here.
And they had Kangaskhan in Anaheim at one point when they did Pokemon worlds.
Remember that?
And some of the crazies here drove all the way to Anaheim to get a fucking Kangaskhan,
which is like what an eight hour drive down there.
But you know, what does it is then go to Disneyland.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
Yeah.
It's like, you can't, you can't exactly say you're crazy going all the way to Anaheim
just to get a Kangaskhan.
If you're going to like swing by Disneyland, why there we'll just think about the mad mad
pokey stops that are going to be in Nintendo land whenever that opens.
Oh, right.
I'm sure.
Well, they're going to have to get submitted and go through that whole process, but I'm
sure it'll, I'm sure it'll fill out really.
I don't know.
Will Nintendo be able to submit players will do it in a heartbeat.
Yeah, absolutely.
Anyway.
Um, so non mobile AR gave me stuff I play cause there's been other stuff.
So, um, this just released this past week and it was kind of like one of those, I didn't
realize this was coming and uh, I had to get it when I saw that tempest 4,000 came out
this week.
Uh, it's a kind of the spiritual successor in many ways to tempest 2000.
No, it's this, it's the direct successor to tempest 3000.
Right.
Well, but wasn't 3000 kind of like 3000 was really just, you can't call it a spiritual
successor when it's actually in the same series.
Spiritual successor would mean it's a different series, but a similar game.
All right.
I guess even though, but it's, it's not on the same platform, but whatever I get what
you're saying.
So, um, so it's tempest 4,000.
Well here's, here's the thing, Jamie, here's why I think I'm leaning towards saying spiritual
successor.
Um, tempest 4,000 may be the first game that I refund on steam.
So it, it, it kinda like honestly in, in the position it's in right now, it doesn't deserve
to be in the same line as tempest 2000.
That's where my brain went.
But this is, this is supposed to be one of those games that's going to sell me on the
Atari ST or the new platform that they have, right?
Here's the thing.
It's not that my experiences with the game, I mean the game itself is okay.
I mean it doesn't really seem to do anything that much different than tempest 2000.
Here's the problem.
On PC, I don't know, and some of you have probably heard about this already.
The PC version is $10 cheaper than the console versions, which is cool.
I mean I'm not going to complain about that.
I mean I guess I would if I was more of a console person.
But the problem with the PC version is that they didn't do like anything.
It's like somebody just hit the switch to dump their comp, you know, dump the program
instead of compiling it for Xbox one, compiling for the PC.
And what I mean by that is you can't change any of the video options.
You can't change any of the keyboard mappings.
So either you're going to play with really fucking crazy keyboard mappings or you're
stuck.
You have to use an Xbox 360 controller.
You can't use the mouse, which is redonkulous for a game like tempest, which is not the
same thing on a controller.
And it just kind of like, it controls funky with the Xbox 360 controller.
I just don't like it.
So like, I just, I don't know, like honestly I played around in tempest 4000 like finally
when I figured out how to like to reboot my whole computer to get it to see the control
and all this stuff.
And I was just like, mama, this is garbage.
Like it's just, it's not what tempest 2000 was to me when it was on the Jaguar.
So I'm sorry to be so unkind, but at the same time, this is a half ass fucking port.
If I have ever seen one and this franchise deserves better.
Hello and welcome to modern day Atari where all of their ports are half ass pieces of
shit.
Enjoy processing my refund because it sucks because they redid, they redid alone in the
dark and it was shit.
They redid well tempest and I apparently that shit.
And then they, um, I think they ported their, well they're porting their mobile version
of um, theme park and that's going to be shit as well.
So I'm sorry, but my, my review on tempest 4000 is a pass until they fix the PC version.
What the fuck were they thinking putting that out?
That was awful.
That was a horrible decision.
So anyway, that's why I was trying to distance it from tempest 2000, which is an amazing
a game that, you know, from years and years ago, but unfortunately just like, you know,
you can't, anyway, I could go on and on.
Let's talk about something more positive, shall we, uh, a game that I, uh, did not think
I would enjoy, although it seems like everybody else I know was really enjoying it.
And finally it was one of those things where between all the Twitch streams, all the tweets
that kind of like positive buzz and energy was, I had to feed off of it.
And I finally, I plunked down the money and bought Octopath traveler, um, on the switch.
And I gotta say, I like it.
I really, really like it.
And it seems that the game is doing very well.
Um, I don't know if we have any hard sales numbers yet, but it really, I mean, and this
could be just like confirmation bias or whatever, but like I look at my friends list on the
switch and it's like, everybody is fucking playing this game.
Like, yeah, I haven't bought it yet.
This game has to be selling better than Square Enix could have projected, which I think is
a great thing because it shows that it's not that everything has to be Sprite retro type
of stuff, which I do like the kind of like hybridness of the fact that you are these
like old school sprites, but like, you know, it's a lot of like new school looking environments
where the water effects are beautiful and a lot of like the, you know, blurring that
they do and some of that stuff.
It looks really good when it's in motion.
I don't think screenshots do it justice.
It looks really good in motion.
Um, but anyway, my point is, is that, and the fact that the battle system is a very
kind of old school, you know, super Nintendo ask RPG battle system.
I mean, they do have some new stuff in it.
Like, you know, you have the breaking system, which is unique.
I don't remember seeing something like that in another game, but like, you know, at some
point, like one of the JRPG classics, final fantasy kind of really fell off the path with
the battle system.
Right.
Because, you know, 10 was very kind of standard, but then 12 really changed it.
Um, which was, I still, I like 12, I'm not knocking 12, I love 12, but it was very different.
13 was really different and I still, I like 13s battle system, but it's not like a classic
JRPG at all.
And obviously I'm skipping 11 and 14 for obvious reasons, but then 15 was also another like
radical change to the battle system.
I don't feel as good on what they did with 15 as they did with 12 and 13, but okay.
So like, I don't know, like there's, there's part of me that says it's kind of good that
like an old school mechanic JRPG is being received this well, because I think it shows
that there's still a demand for that.
And I think it is going to send Square Enix a message.
Um, at least for the people in this country, you know, I don't know how the game is doing
in Japan, which is obviously very important as well, uh, to the direction that's going
to be taken.
But I think it is a sure, sure thing we will see an Octopath Traveler 2 or some type of,
you know, I don't know, where do you go from Octopath Traveler?
Like nine, what is the prefix for nine?
New chrono trigger?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Um, crap.
I actually know this.
Maybe they'll go, maybe they'll regress and do seven, heptapath, well hepta or septa.
Yeah.
Septopath.
Yeah.
What is nine?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, a tiger claw in chat says, uh, J D says nono, like a nonogram.
If you're using the same, um, Greek prefix.
Interesting.
Okay.
So it'd be, you would go to hepta, octo, enia, deca, if you're all using Greek.
So that would be seven, six.
Maybe they'll just get, cause I bet people wouldn't recognize the nines, they just go
to decapath traveler or they'll just do Octopath Traveler 2 and the local octopuses and Octomom
is in it.
Ultros is in it.
Ultros and, and Octodad is in it.
Yes.
And um, what other famous octopi are there?
Um, that one that still that threw the fish at the guy because it didn't like his dinner.
Octodad.
I said Octodad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Octodad.
Anyway.
Here's my one criticism.
My one minor criticism of Octopi, cause obviously I, in all fairness, uh, I've sunk maybe like
five hours in the game and I have three characters, you know, like, and you have to go around
and collect all eight.
It's like, I've got a long way to go.
Um, I do feel like the three stories I've played so far, I started with Ophelia, who's
like your cleric, your healer.
Um, and then I picked up, I just kind of went in a circle cause I went to the nearest people.
So I've got Cyrus who's like the scholar, your black mage basically.
Uh, and then I just picked up Tressa who is a merchant, but she uses like spears and bows.
So she's kind of, I don't know, dragoon-y, I don't know what to call her.
Well, maybe more like a ocean merchant.
Yeah, actually.
Like a pirate.
She, again, she uses wind magic, so you're not too off base.
That probably, you're probably.
I think she's a pirate.
She's probably more a pirate.
In my heart, I think she's a pirate.
Yeah.
So anyway.
She uses highway robbery.
But anyway, the thing about all those stories, I liked them.
I thought Ophelia's was a little cliche-y RPG.
I was kind of like rolling my eyes, but I really liked the other two.
I really, really liked Tressa's.
Um, but anyway, uh, I did feel like all of their openings were the same template.
What I mean by that is that, you know, you get opening sequence.
You get, here is the path action that you're going to learn.
Now use it.
And then here is, you're going to go down one screen into another screen.
And then you're going to go down one more screen into the town.
And then right next to the town is the dungeon.
And at the end of the dungeon, you will fight the boss.
And then once you fight the boss, good job.
You can move on to the next one.
So I kind of felt like there's a very like template to it all.
But I also like, again, it's a minor, it's a minor criticism.
I just felt it was a little bit like, okay, I'd like to be maybe like surprised.
I can imagine that if you're doing a game where the whole kitsch is, you get to start
with any of the eight and do them in any order, then there has to be some sort of balance
between them all.
So I'm giving the game a pass.
I imagine the more fun and the less like copy pasty type of things will be when you have
your entire party and you start to move into the chapter two stuff so the game can start
to do different things because they'll know you have all eight characters.
It sounds very much like Seiken Densetsu though.
Seiken Densetsu 3.
Yes.
Where you start off with the different characters and the different paths.
Or Saga, which a lot of people are compared to.
But I didn't, I didn't like Saga.
I didn't like the battle system.
I didn't like...
I'm not a big Saga fan.
Yeah.
And honestly, it's what, when people compared Octopath to Saga, I was instantly like, had
that, I don't know.
You know what my thought is that I would like Octopath for the same reason I like Duprism
or what do we have, Threads of Fate over here.
Well, because you start, you have two paths.
You start off with each character and then eventually they, their stories merge.
So.
Um, let's see.
Uh, Ragenator in chat asks, Cyrus, like Billy Ray or Miley?
Clearly Miley.
Clearly.
I mean, Dolly Parton is her godmother.
Hello.
I know.
She came in like a wrecking ball.
Although Cyrus in this story is male.
But whatever.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, Dartetsuya says, I was just thinking it sounds like Seiken Densetsu 3.
Yeah.
The layout kind of, kind of.
Anyway.
Um, so yeah, that's, that game's been taking up a lot of my time as well.
So otherwise I'm still playing Heroes of the Storm, Final Fantasy 14.
Um, if for those that play Final Fantasy 14, my, my Eureka, I just got my plus one weapon
in Eureka and I'm up to level 18 in the Eureka thing for all you three people that also are
playing Final Fantasy 14 out there.
But I'm having fun with that.
So there you go.
That's my kind of busy gaming week.
Sadly, I have to admit, I still have not been able to go through the motions of setting
up the VR and all that stuff.
I wanted to do it last week, but then I got sick.
Well, here's where I'm running into a problem.
This space in there where I have the PS4, it's kind of hard to like set up the camera.
I kind of don't have enough space, so I kind of have to do it out here, which means I got
to move everything out here and then I can't really stream it unless I do the native streaming
through the PS4.
But I mean, obviously as soon as we have a date for Tetris Effect, this will all be fast
tracked.
I think it's October.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it'll be here before we know it.
Almost August.
Right.
And then August means, Oh my God, Dragon cons in four weeks, which means by I'll be gone
for a week.
And then after that, I'll be like, Oh my God, it's September.
And it's like, you know, time moves so fast.
My God.
Anyway, it's like, Hey, here's fourth quarter games.
Yeah.
Right.
And then a new Smash Brothers and Nintendo online and everything's here.
So isn't that, that's until December, isn't it?
Uh, yeah, they gave the date for that.
It's it's December.
Yes.
I mean, it's past the November rush, but I remember is a Pokemon.
Yeah.
Well, I also, I kind of feel like thanks to the age of digital distribution in part, uh,
the day at having your game out by black Friday, isn't what it used to be.
No.
You know what I mean?
I've been buying digitally anyways for everything.
So the holiday time period, isn't what it used to be, you know, and the same thing has
been happening to movies.
You know, the two big times to release movies are the summer and the holidays.
Right.
Which is still mostly true.
Like a lot of movies make a lot of big money in those timeframes, but like, I think in
the past, you know, five or so years, you've really seen where like, you know what movies
can come out in February, March, you know, they can come out in October and still make
a ton of money.
You know what I mean?
Mm hmm.
Um, like Deadpool was like a February movie, right?
No, it was March.
Well, the original Deadpool.
Yeah.
Original Deadpool was on Valentine's day.
Right.
And then the new one was in March.
So they were, and they both made shit, tons of money.
So, you know, because they were great.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like, you know, people will go to the cinema to see a movie, you know, last movie
I saw was Deadpool two.
Yeah.
Which God, the last movie I saw was probably whatever art movie you and I saw earlier this
year.
Either like, no, we didn't see, I thought you were going to go see a, the second mama
mia movie.
I had, nobody would see it with me on Friday night.
I haven't seen the first one, but I'll go see it with you as long as I'm at home by
10.
Oh, I've seen it next Saturday.
We'll figure it out.
Well then the other thing is, and I was going to say is that my friend in the Bay area,
Melody who had the baby recently, I still haven't been able to visit the baby cause
Melody's had all her, yeah, well, Melody's had, she, she, I don't want to get in all
her business on the, she's been sick so, but she's fine now.
So I'm going to go visit her and see the baby.
And then she said, fuck yeah, we're going to go see the mama mia thing.
So I knew I'd get to go see it in like two weeks, but I've got to get past this clue
thing first, which admittedly is my own fault for being involved with that.
So anyway.
Okay.
But it's fun.
It's fun.
It's so fun.
The picture came out.
I don't know if you saw the picture of me as Mrs. Peacock, but it's out there now.
So I'm very proud.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I am having a lot of fun with it.
It's good.
So anyway, that's some good drag.
So I, I man, I feel like a woman, but I'll tell you this, you know, you have to do the
Ms. Cracker thing.
She's a woman.
I did.
When I saw, when I saw myself in the mirror the first time after all the makeup was done,
I did do the whole mother, I am gorgeous from drag race.
So it was fun.
But I will say being a woman is hard fucking work because the core set fucking hurts.
Like all my insides are basically being shoved into every other part of my body.
Right.
Okay.
But I was never one to like disrespect femininity women go through.
I'm letting y'all know, yo, I'm still giving you a shit eating grin.
Listen here, man.
Real men try on a core set sometime and try what those ladies go.
And I would, I don't just mean like put on the core set.
I mean, let her lace it and Oh my God, you will have a new found respect for what women
go through.
Because I got to get them hip somehow.
And the course that does that, I'm not going to pad because the dress doesn't like Mrs.
Peacock's dress is too fifties conservative to really show the padding and which means
I don't have to tuck the boys away either.
So I don't have to go like, I hope you have a good crinoline though.
I we're good.
We're good.
Okay.
Um, but then what was I gonna say?
Um, dang it.
Oh, the shoes.
Jesus Christ.
And I've done heels before.
Thanks to Rocky horror.
Okay.
These are like little heels, but these are like straight up.
Fuck me pumps that I'm wearing and they, they hurt my fucking leg.
Like I will be impressed if I get through that show.
Tape your first two toes together.
Oh, like I'm on my feet on your feet.
It will help.
Okay.
Good to know.
Why?
Why not?
Everything else.
My body is all laced up.
Plus, plus, plus, plus, plus.
You can get the, uh, ball of your heel pads that don't get the Dr. Scholl's one.
Get the CVS one because they're cheaper and they do just a good job.
Good to know.
Trust me.
JD in chat says, did you choose a drag name?
Um, at the end of the day, I decided to do the Chad Michaels thing and just do Rob Roberts
so that I don't, well, I didn't want to split my branding.
Does that make sense?
I didn't want it.
And it's, it's part the Willem thing too.
Is it except you're not an asshole?
Well I try.
But is that if this is really, really well received and it's like, Hey Rob, we want to
give you a paid gig, but you should do it in a dress cause it would be funny.
Then it's like, I have no, I'll do the Eddie Izzard thing.
I have no, no problem with it.
Whatever.
It is what it is.
Gender is a construct.
Tear it apart.
Uh, actually I know, um, a local queen comedian I could put you in contact with.
So okay.
If you were interested.
You never know.
You never know.
Rob Roberts says, I have laced many a cosplayer in a corset.
I legit understand, but Rama, until you've been in that corset, which you don't have
to say in chat if you have or not, I'm just saying, until you've been in that corset,
you don't really know.
Just say it.
That's it.
I want to see Ron Chan do bust out some Akane cosplay.
All right.
Saying like sexy cross play Luigi.
If I would do that, if that's what makes them happy, then sure.
All right.
But in the meantime, there's so many people out there probably listening going, I thought
this was a video game podcast.
It is, but sometimes you play video games and corset and heels and that's fine.
You know what?
I've decided.
What?
I'm going to do girl Mario.
Maria.
Maria?
For what?
Maria.
Like a-
For maybe Saconomy.
Mag West is coming up, but man, it's on a, it's on a busy fucking weekend.
Mag West.
I got shit going on, but I've been wanting to do Sacanime and I'm going to try to remake
my Grey Warden, but actually I'm redoing my Jill Valentine.
You remember my very, very first cosplay that I did out here was my Jill costume.
I am going to remake my Jill Valentine costume now that I am probably a good four sizes smaller
than when I did it last time, which by the way, today marks a hundred pounds down.
Really?
All you have to do now is find two giant slices of bread.
Do you want me to die?
I ate pizza the other day.
No, to be a Jill sandwich.
Right.
All right.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, fun.
Let's get into some video game news.
Believe it or not, we have some around here.
Starting off with a game that's kind of a pleasant surprise to see back in the news,
right?
Exactly.
Like it's about time that the game came out that I bought.
Was it two years ago?
One year ago?
I can't remember when this came out originally, but No Man's Sky Next is getting its due time.
I guess they're releasing it now.
It's going to be coming to the Xbox.
And what does No Man's Sky Next add to the game?
Well, true multiplayer.
So not this like, oh, hey, I'm in the same place as you are, or I see a glowing thing
or something like that.
No, you actually will see the actual people that you're playing with.
So they're going to have third person options, true multiplayer, ringed planets.
Also there's going to be a visual overhaul.
You can build bases on any planet and you'll be able to assemble and upgrade a fleet of
frigates and command them from the bridge of your freighter.
So that's pretty awesome.
So that'll be coming out, of course, on PlayStation 4 and PC on July 24th and will be releasing
on Xbox One, which includes everything.
So hurry.
I can't wait to try it.
And if you already own the game, which many of you do, this is going to be just a free
free update, free update.
Just like they've done several big updates.
It's crazy.
I haven't played it since they did any of those updates.
So I'm very looking forward to going back to play super update and it's going to look
awesome because 4K TV.
Yeah.
So I'm looking forward to that.
Nice.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm excited to check this out again.
You know, I, I did check it out not a terribly long time ago, probably after their last big
update, but I'm, you know, I'm excited for a chance to go back and revisit this game.
I do love that they, you know, have done this as a free, you know, update.
I'm not sure where the money's coming from to have sustained that studio for two years.
I guess the game is selling well enough, even in a lot of the markdown prices or when it
first came out or what have you, um, that they had enough money to kind of pour back
maybe additional sales on PC and now on Xbox One, I mean, that's a whole new audience.
So I guess, but you know, most studios would have, you know, taken the money imported into
a new project.
So it's pretty cool that they've, you know, kind of committed themselves to making a more
fully realized game.
Well, here's the thing.
I never hated the game to begin with.
Like it wasn't a 10 out of 10 to me, but I didn't allow myself to buy into all that hype.
And you know that.
Right.
Yeah.
Cause it was all about like, Oh, let's get to the center of the universe and you get
to the center of the universe and it's like, Oh, and there's nothing there.
Well, but here's, here's the thing.
You know, that there was all that lead up with all this and I was sitting here saying,
so where's the game?
Where's the fucking game?
You know what?
I don't care anymore until they show us the game.
So you know, by the time the game finally came out, I feel like since I didn't really
have expectations, I enjoyed it for what it was, which for me was more of like a Zen Minecraft
type of experience.
You know, and I think a lot of people made this narrative based on, you know, what the
developers were saying at the time and putting out there in the media, which they've certainly
learned their lessons since then was they were looking for probably more like an action
space game, which I never was expecting ever.
I liked the Zen Minecraft part of it, but there just wasn't a lot to do on any of the
planets originally.
And, and if you wanted to just sit there and mine a plan and build stuff or whatever, well,
then you have to fend off all the robot centuries that don't like you mining the planet, even
if you go to a peaceful planet or it's like, Oh, Hey, look at all this inventory shuffling
I have to do.
And that was fixed several updates ago, but you know, I'm talking about when I first played
it and my last memory of it, which was like, Oh, well I can't stack any of this stuff and
Oh, my ship's out of fuel now and better go mine some fuel and I don't go to this other
planet.
Oh, look, it's the same shit.
So I'm excited to try it again and I'm curious to see how the multiplayer component works
out.
Like, I'm not really going to go seeking out other people, but I'm curious, like if somebody's
on the same planet as you, is it going to come up on like your radar?
Like there's another player like on this planet, but you know, again, it's an entire fucking
planet.
So like, just because somebody is on that planet, they could be, you know, so far away
from you.
Yeah.
If there's like billions of planets.
Yeah.
I know it's going to be interesting to see how that all works.
So, uh, I'll be, I'll be revisiting the game again.
I know I will.
So, uh, very cool.
What about you?
You know, you can pick up the wind sky again.
Play that.
Oh, yeah.
I'll try it.
If I ever get the TV again.
I was hoping that they do like a VR mode for it.
You know, maybe that would be cool.
Maybe.
Uh, as she went under Matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I really wanted
the game to be like the spaceship parts of the book version of ready player one.
Uh, cause you don't chat says devs don't like to abandon their games these days.
That's part of the problem.
I miss the good old days when a dev would just run off and leave the game open for mods
to have fun with.
Oh, don't worry.
There's plenty of companies out there.
They'll abandon their games.
No problem.
So that's, there's not an issue.
There's plenty of games.
Uh, EA would like to, uh, woo you to download origin cause you don't, um, but, uh, I mean,
I kinda like, I kinda get what you're saying, but at the same time, this isn't the first
time that we've seen developers stick with a game they really believe in either.
Like I think Diablo three is probably the biggest example of a game that they did turn
around a couple of years after release.
You know, Diablo three now is not anything like it was when it first released.
And uh, it's, it's a lot of fun to play now.
I still play Diablo three here and there, but when that game first released, it was,
it was sloppy.
Uh, which for a big series like Diablo was a really ugly thing.
So do you think Diablo four this year at Blizzcon or?
I want to believe just like another expansion, like, like, like an X files poster, but with,
you know, a demon hunter instead of a UFO, I want to believe, um, but I, no, I don't
think it'll be another expansion.
It would be weird at this point to have another expansion when the necromancer wasn't really
an expansion.
I know they call it the necromancer expansion, but it wasn't, it wasn't a real expansion.
You know what I mean?
I think Diablo three, it's time to close the book on it and go to Diablo four, whether
it's this year, the announced, maybe I want to believe, okay, but the game won't be out
this year.
So it won't matter.
They can announce it this year.
It won't actually come out till 2020 probably it'll be on the next stage of consoles.
We'll see.
And then of course Final Fantasy 14 was another game they really turned around, but like,
I feel like the Final Fantasy 14 that's out now, like wasn't even the same game that was
originally released.
Still waiting for 11 on mobile.
But the interesting thing about 14's original release, like No Man's Sky, they continued
to patch the shit out of that original Final Fantasy 14 until they finally were ready to
pull the plug on it and begin the makeover for Realm Reborn, which caused the game to
be down for like, I don't know, it was like eight weeks or something when they, before
they launched Realm Reborn, which, you know, was, is now I think the best MMO out there
right now is, is 14 or hell let's just, let's upgrade 11 with better graphics.
Just keep it all the same since it's going to be on mobile platforms anyways and bring
it to switch.
Uh, one more comment here on No Man's Sky Dungeon Buster says, once you get settled
into a routine of mining, resupplying, flying repeat, it got really boring, but the huge
content patches have added a lot more since then.
Some other comments on patching, Dungeon Buster says they're still adding free content to
Monster Hunter World too.
Same with The Division.
Yeah, that's always.
Well, I mean, we have a story later on, I think about Mario Kart 8, you know, a lot
of games are getting like patching updates, which is pretty cool.
S21 Hunter Matt suggesting how to change your 4K TV monopolization problems.
Loki needs a gamer cave with his own TV.
Okay, let me just add on to the house because you get the garage.
Well, here's what's going to happen.
Well, I already do have the hot ass fucking garage to work out in and play DDR in.
It's 110 degrees in there when I'm playing DDR.
Let's just put it this way.
I'm soaking wet.
Like I have to literally, I can't wear a shirt on and it's just soaking wet, which is gross,
but it works.
Here's what's going to actually happens.
Our old TV is going in our bedroom and our old TV still has all the streaming stuff on
it so we can, she can watch it on there because she even discovered the other day because
she's been using Prime Video and Prime Video kind of sucks, but, you know, Prime Video
have to either go through our new TV or my PlayStation 4 and because it wasn't on the
other app, but she found that the house is on the NBC app, which is weird because I thought
it was on Fox.
I'm not sure why it's on NBC, but it's on NBC now.
So she's like, oh, they're all the episodes are right here too.
I guess I don't need to go through the Prime app anymore.
I'm like, uh-huh.
Get off the TV.
So I will eventually get a TV back.
All I have to do is ask too, but I, I've been mainly trying to focus on actually doing programming
and stuff and building something because I know everybody wants me to and I, you know,
I'll get around to it.
If I really want to play No Man's Sky, like if that was like, I was dying to do it, I'd
just download it on a PC and play it on my PC.
All right.
Well, speaking of, uh, Mario Kart, uh, I know this was, uh, something that was going around
this week.
I think this is because of, uh, Comic-Con, but there are some Mario Kart Hot Wheels that
are going to be coming.
So didn't we get like, uh, we had like Atari influenced Hot Wheels was the thing.
Well, they have Mario flavored Hot Wheels right now.
In fact, I actually saw some at GameStop when we were just stopping by there today, but
they're like, these are, they're like, you know, Mario paint jobs on like regular car.
Oh no, these are full on, like the carts with the characters in them.
These are like full on, uh, actual like car racers.
Anyway, uh, Mattel partner with Nintendo to do this.
They are licensed toys.
They're going to be out in 2019.
Uh, they were viewable at San Diego Comic-Con, which was probably like the big thing that
was going on this weekend.
Uh, unfortunately I don't think everybody's getting a release cause there's a lot of characters
in Mario Kart, but you will be able to get Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, Wario, Rosalina,
Toad, and Yoshi.
Hot Wheels are also going to be making tracks inspired by various Mario Kart courses.
The cars will be $5, uh, each coming out June of 2019.
So expensive, cheaper than an amiibo.
I don't know.
I, I'm still tempted.
I think they look really cool.
You think, I think your kids would be into these.
Wouldn't they?
Oh yeah.
They always like beg me for Hot Wheels.
We have a whole bucket of Hot Wheels that they don't play with.
They're not Mario.
Well, we have like Hot Wheels, like, okay, so like when I was playing, I used to play
with Hot Wheels all the time.
I used to have miles of that like orange track that actually is my dad's track.
Uh, when he had, when he was a kid, just to tell you how old that stuff is.
So like we would play with that and actually build our own courses.
But now when you buy the track, first off, it's fucking expensive.
And second, all of the like track that you can buy is in a set.
Always does something weird and funky and it's just like, you can't loop it with the
rest of it.
It's like we have one right now that like it goes in like a figure eight really fast
and then they crashed into each other and it's really boring, but it's also fucking
loud and takes up a ton of fucking space.
So that's why we don't play with it.
Uh, cause you do in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, will there be shortages?
And then we have to find them on eBay.
Um, Hot Wheels, no, this is Mattel.
They fucking know how to manufacture shit.
This isn't Nintendo manufacturing this.
There'll be no problems.
Well, but are they going to be able to, I mean, what's the demand going to be like and
will they be able to anticipate that demand?
I mean, I don't really know.
I don't normally seek out specific Hot Wheels, so I'm not really sure, but I would imagine
that Mattel's got the manufacturing thing down and they'll, they'll play this fake shortage
bullshit.
All right.
Some other comments on, uh, the, uh, desirability in our chat.
So maybe Mattel better get ready with a lot of these cause Rama says, I legit want them.
Uh, Dartetsuya says, I thought those were neat.
Definitely spoke to my inner child and me and now lol used to collect die cast cars
like you wouldn't believe.
I do want the toad cart and our buddy captain spike from game buoy.org.
Hello.
Says simply want in all caps and that's a, we actually do collect Hot Wheels.
Do you?
We collect all the Mustangs and all the Fiat's on a scale of one to want.
How do you feel about the, uh, Mario Kart Hot Wheels?
I'm actually kind of indifferent just because, um, we're not like as big on it as we used
to be.
Um, it'd be nice to have, but I mean the last things that, you know, I'll pick up Deanna
Mustang every so often, you know, cause he loves his Mustangs and I'll pick up a Fiat
when I find it, but I don't know.
It just seems like it'd be more stuff that would take up more space in my already overrun
toy house.
There's a part of me that wants to get at least one or two just to see if Mr. Smoosh
will chase it around the house.
Okay.
Story time.
Okay.
Dan used to love chasing Shermy around the house with our RC, um, uh, initial D cars.
You remember those ones that used to sell at all the anime conventions and then we had
also a RC Coro Q cars and we would chase Shermy around with them until she realized stairs.
And that's my story about Shermy, rest in peace.
All right.
Um, well Jamie, why you got the mic?
Why don't we move on to the next story?
Whale speaking of some Nintendo, you know, they were going to do a game.
Well, it was canceled eight years ago, but it would have been the last Tingle thing to
release and it was going to be a scary game.
And it was supposed to be where Tingle goes into a wizard of Oz esque storybook and he
has to dance with the realms princess to escape.
First of all, Tingle is scary all on his own.
They were working with a van pool and this is according to the producer, uh, Tana Bekinski,
um, who gave this out.
So, um, weird.
Um, I don't, I don't know.
I mean, they did a Tingle game that came out with, um, what was it?
Four swords, Avengers that came out in Japan with, with it, um, that we never saw the light
of day over here officially, um, four swords, Avengers.
Yeah.
They have four swords game.
It was a free download.
It was the Tetris game.
I don't know.
Maybe it was the Tetra game that didn't come with it.
Nevermind.
But, um, but anyway, uh, we have no Tingle, scary, weird game.
Well, that's disappointing.
Would you have played a Silent Hill starring Tingle?
It doesn't seem like it'd be very Silent Hill.
It just seemed like it would just be weird.
Uh, going to chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Silent Mushroom Kingdom.
S2100 Matt says Tingle murder party.
Wait, it would be Silent Hyrule.
Uh, JD says any game starring Tingle is a horror game.
Speaking of horror games, I found, I have some of the Burger King games still, oh, like
sneak King.
I don't have sneaking.
I have the motor cycle racing game, which I don't know why I don't have sneak King.
Cause I would have totally kept that.
So I don't know where that is, but I have the, the motor, the mini bike racing one.
Are those backwards compatible on Xbox one and the whole thing?
Um, well the, their expert, I don't know if they're backwards compatible.
I know they, their Xbox, the original Xbox and the mini bike racing one.
Their Xbox, the original Xbox and Xbox 360 on one disc, which is kind of unique.
Oh yeah.
That's right.
I forgot they were original Xbox.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Interesting.
By the way, there's something else that I remembered about figures and toys that are,
they announced at, uh, comic con golden girls action figures, Rob.
Oh yeah.
There, there's like golden girls, nostalgia is at an all time high.
I've been getting links on my wall about like Pez dispensers and like, like every, you used
to have quite the Pez dispenser collection.
I did back in the day.
They're all kind of in a drawer now.
I don't really have them on display or anymore, but um, yeah, uh, I mean, here's the thing.
I love the golden girls.
It will always be one of my favorite shows ever, but like I'm finding with all these,
um, all these things that they have, I'm starting to hit my limit.
You know what I mean?
Like I, I don't need every single fucking golden girl.
You know what's next, right?
What?
Designing women.
Yeah.
I know justice for, hashtag justice for designing women.
We're going to have the Delta Burke pop.
It is an underappreciated like, you know, eighties slash nineties, uh, classic.
Yeah.
We need like a Delta Burke and uh, um, God, what was her name that the play Julia Sugar
Baker, like the, the lead in that show, I don't remember her name.
Not Delta Burke cause they wrote her out and it was the Charlene character.
That show was good.
It was, that's what I found with like my, my new TV.
They have this thing called the Roku channel cause it has a built in Roku inside of it
and the Roku channel, for those who are not aware, has a bunch of old shit that you would
just never think that somebody would license.
So it has like old TV and old movies, really weird, random shit that's on there.
For example, it has, see, it has the complete series of Elf or it has,
Elf had a really weird ending.
Or it has, um, the complete series of Grace Under Fire or, uh, what was the other weird
show that was on there that was, I was like, well, that's odd.
Has short circuit too, but not the first short circuit.
Sorry.
Important interruption.
Dixie Carter.
Why couldn't I fucking remember that?
Dixie Carter.
Okay, sorry.
Yeah.
So like a bunch of weird stuff that I went through and go, I'm going to make my kids
watch this and they're going to hate me for it, but I don't care because it's Elf.
Elf is pretty cool except the part where he tries to eat cats.
I don't like that.
I don't like that, but he never did actually get to eat a cat.
So I think that's, that's good.
Apparently the people who were on that show hated being on it because of all the holes
that they had to do the puppet through.
Oh, Alf.
Yeah.
Oh God.
I can only imagine.
Yeah.
But the ending was such a downer.
Oh gosh.
I watched it live.
I'm like, I was scarred for life.
Captain Spike is asking what service was this?
It's just the, it's Roku.
And so Roku has their own channel called the Roku channel and it has a bunch of free stuff.
I think it's all like sponsored by Geico or something like that.
It's just random shit.
Like they have all sorts of random movies on there and random TV shows.
I'll take random TV shows.
Yeah.
I was like, I was like, it's free.
I'm not complaining about free short circuit to cool, which they had the first one, but
I remember too.
Uh, where, where could I find a old episodes of a small wonder?
That's another internet where where's, where's our like Harriet dolls.
They have like, was it Harriet was the neighbor Vicki Vicki was like, I think, I think they
had like Adam's family on there.
They had like a bunch of like Nick at night stuff on there too.
Like I dream a genie was on there.
Like it just random shit.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Uh, they're, they're talking about a downer endings in our chat room at live.com cause
the Alf sitcom had a downer ending.
Uh, and then, uh, act deaf to saying dinosaurs series ending though.
That was a downer.
I don't even remember the end of that one.
Uh, spoiler alert.
If I remember right, a comet hits the earth and kills them all.
I guess that makes sense.
Yeah.
Cause that's kind of what happens.
Yeah.
If I remember, am I right on that?
I just remember that was the thing.
Like a comet hits the earth, kills them all.
Which why are we laughing?
It's not funny.
Remember when all the dinosaurs died?
All right.
Anyway.
Oh, active says an ice age happens and they're realizing that they will die a slow frozen
death.
I was close.
Oh, that's even better.
I was close.
That's even funnier.
All right.
Anyway.
Let's move on.
Loki, what do you have for us?
All right.
So, um, splatoon two, unfortunately a lot of the games on the switch are running into
hacker issues.
Um, and apparently splatoon two is one of these games that's actually pretty easy for
players to hack.
So what did one, um, hacker do to splatoon two?
Well, they took, um, the leaderboard for competitive play and put up, they got the top four spots
and spelled out, please add anti-cheat basically said it wasn't just a joke.
They wanted to send a message to Nintendo about how easy it is to hack their game.
So yeah, because you know, now with all the mods and stuff that they have for the switch,
it's easy for them to modify the game and be able to, you know, do all sorts of nonsense
in there.
I'll show you hacks the planet.
Yeah.
So, I mean, did Nintendo like fix this already or what?
No, not yet.
Not yet.
They probably will.
And by the time this show is airing, I'm sure it will pretty well.
They've done it.
Well, they fixed it by removing the hacker's message, um, and says, but the recent update,
there's no signs of anti-cheat measures that have been added into the game and says what
they should do.
And in the least is to add parameters, to check things like they did in the first game,
the correct misconfigured parameters.
When someone joins a game on top of that, the game should have various sanity checks
during gameplay.
So basically, you know, like to verify that, Oh, the rate of fire of your rocket there
isn't like, you know, it's a consistent amount and not like 80 times per second or something
like that.
Um, let's see, uh, going to chat at live.vognetwork.com, uh, dar Tetsuya says, I heard the guy got
banned.
So I don't know if that counts.
Oh yes.
Thank you.
You know, of course, because he won't come back under it with a new hat.
Well, it's still, it's, I understand like the guy wasn't trying to be destructive about
it.
He's like trying to tell him, Hey, you need to fix something.
And so how they reward that by fucking banning him, uh, going to chat here, here's another
comment about eighties TV.
You ready?
All right.
I'm ready.
Uh, I had two in our chat, which is a, I don't recognize that name.
So welcome.
Hello.
I had two and Chad says, I have a channel here in Richmond called antenna TV that has
small wonder soap, Mr. Belvedere Benson.
It's pretty rad.
You know, that's, that's a good point.
Is that a lot of these like random fucking shit is ever since they converted from the
analog to the digital, because it got so much easier to do digital stations like check your
digital stuff.
Cause I don't even know if all these exist on cable.
You might have to actually go to like the antenna and go to like, go to like your CBS,
but go to like the dot two and the dot three because there is some low budget television
happening in those places.
And sometimes it's just like a nonstop weather channel.
Some of them are like a nonstop news channel.
Uh, some of them, you know, they're just like, like different stuff.
Radio does this too.
Uh, there's like random radio stations on the HD, but I don't think a lot of cars have
like the HD radio.
I don't, I think that's more of like a, I, my car, my old car had an HD radio tuner or
I had, I had a NHC radio tuner in my car and it was garbage.
Like I have a, I have a Prius, which is a, you know, and it's a, it's a 2016 Prius.
It's kind of a newer car caught on because people are like, ah, streaming services, streaming
services, you know, podcasts like satellite radio, putting your iPod or iPhone or whatever,
or Android, you know, all that stuff into the, you know, uh, car basically is, is kind
of the new thing.
And everybody's using streaming Spotify or, or podcasts.
And I'm sure there's a lot of people that listen to us in the car on their commutes.
Hello.
So anyway, uh, but I was gonna say with the TV, that is so true.
There is a lot of that random stuff and I bet anything, the channel that he's mentioning
is probably one of those type of channels.
That's where buzzer comes from too.
Y'all know I love me some buzzer on Twitch cause they stream it on Twitch too, which
is the old ass game shows.
It's like seventies match game.
And so the one over the air is the one that has like supermarket sweep and like additional
stuff that they don't even have on the Twitch one.
So, and I guess somebody was telling me, I think I saw a tweet.
You can watch like a live feed of buzzer also on their website or something.
So kind of, kind of neat.
Anyway.
Uh, Tyler Kalan chat says, who listens to radio anymore?
There's nothing good on it.
Internet radio for the win.
I do once in a while.
And the reason why is that I do find the one thing that local TV and local radio still
are able to do that no one else can quite match is local news.
That's the one place that they still do very well with, especially in the TV side of things
with radio.
There's just not a lot of like locally, but you know, the terrestrial radio would be very
smart to embrace more of the community side of things.
Cause that's how they get more people to listen to it.
I think anyway, that's my thoughts on that.
Um, let's move on and talk about, uh, smash brothers.
So a super smash brothers may be going to be getting a demo, maybe.
Uh, I think some of the other smash brothers games had demos.
I seem to remember there was one on like 3d, it was one on 3d S soon to remember.
Um, so anyway, uh, splatoon two and arms, they had demos, you know, to test launches
or whatever you want to call it.
Um, maybe in that sense, like it's a beta test type thing.
IGN, uh, talked with bill Trinen at, uh, the San Diego comic con and the response was
very good question right now.
They're focused very much on getting the game ready.
We have a few other things to talk about down the road between now and when it launches
in December, we'll hopefully have some news on that as we get closer to launch.
And uh, that could also mean, I guess the characters, they're kind of talking about,
you know, more characters getting revealed before December.
But I think kind of like soccer, I said in that early video, don't expect like a thousand
new characters.
Like there's probably going to be, I want 2000 new characters, be a couple more.
That's it.
All of the characters, uh, every single Pokemon from all of the generations in there.
So interesting is apparently, uh, because smash brothers ultimate is listed on the official
Japanese Nintendo website, 16 gigs of space is what the game is going to require.
They say 16 gigs or more.
So, um, if you're going to use internal storage for this, that's like over half your internal
storage.
Why?
What, what could possibly take up that much space?
All those fucking characters and the animations in what I assume will be 60 frames a second.
There's just a lot going on.
Anyway, it might be a good time to think about getting a micro SD card if you don't already
have one.
I finally, I bought a micro SD card.
I got a 128 gigabyte one.
I think I got, I think I got a 120.
I don't even know now.
It was 40 bucks.
Never going to be enough.
It's never going to be enough.
It was 40 bucks.
And then like the very next, so I bought it at Best Buy and then the very next day was
that Amazon prime fuck show and it was like 19 bucks on Amazon prime, but I didn't end
up getting anything on the prime thing because I was like, there's this, I feel like a lot
of that stuff is just trying to entice me to buy shit I don't really need.
They had, I really just, they had a Fitbit I wanted, but I still didn't buy it.
I looked at clothes, but I didn't see anything that screamed at me.
So I didn't do it.
They have a lot of garbage on there.
Anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
Uh, let's talk about Jamie.
Let's talk about you.
No.
Jamie has a story for us.
Neopets.
Who remembers Neopets?
Me.
Me.
Oh my God.
I haven't fed my Neopet in 13 years.
Do you think it's dead?
Uh, they never die.
Do you think it slowly died in the ice age?
Like the dinosaurs?
They never die.
But anyway, um, there, we're gonna have a return of Neopets as a mobile app that will
be, uh, puzzle games.
It looks like, uh, there is going to be like a Scrabble game.
Um, but it is gonna be different, you know, than the Neopets account.
So if you still had your Neopets account for some reason or another, yeah, you've lost
all that shit.
But, I don't know.
I mean, what are we gonna get next?
Gaia online.
Why not?
You know what?
Uh, Club Penguin.
I think I still have my two Gaia online accounts.
Do you?
Uh, Ragnaros, of course.
But there actually is a Ragnaros, uh, that little, uh, Ragnarock, sorry, I'm, I'm getting
my, uh, Heroes of the Storm bug, uh, crossed.
Uh, yes, Ragnarock online and then there, but they have that phone game.
Private, well, private servers are still up, again, I'm playing, um, Idle Poring.
That's it.
Actually, uh, RO2 is free, still on Steam.
Oh, that's cool.
And it, all the music in it was done by Yoko Kanno, so.
Oh, cool.
So it was really cute, I mean, it, it was just more of the same, you know.
So are you gonna check out the new, the Neopets Reborn?
Yeah, probably, cause I like Scrabble.
The mutated Neopets.
Well, I like word games.
Hardcore Neopets.
I like word games.
Yes, but the only words you're able to spell are, like, violence, kill your parents, um,
murder your stinky poop, worship Satan, uh, anyway, I worship Santa.
I'm just kidding.
None of that is funny.
All right.
Uh, Loki.
All right, um, so there, one of the things, the stories that came out, um, while we were
out was this whole thing about aliens, Colonial Marines.
So there was a bug in the AI that had to do with actually, it was just one thing that
was misspelled, one, um, line that was misspelled in there was causing some issues where the
AI didn't know which room it was in, so it couldn't react to the player in, like, very
intelligent ways, and which is why, you know, the AI was really dumb.
So, um, you know, fast forward to now, where that's been fixed by, you know, fixing the
typo in the INI file.
And now, Gearbox has apparently taken to putting up a, I don't know, it looks like a fake job
posting on their site, um, to kind of poke fun at the stupid mistake that they made.
Um, so, apparently the site has a job listing for programming copy editor, specific duties
of review all code for typos, desired skills and experience, enjoys finding typos, required
skills and experience, click apply and pass a rigorous questionnaire located on the application.
The questionnaire, I guess, is referring to, um, and the listing consists of the same question
in an open text box.
Please respond to the correct spelling of tether or tether, teether, I guess.
I mean, yeah, haha, it's fun to poke fun at yourself, but haha, this has been broken forever
and you didn't fucking go through to see if you can fix the problem.
Like a spelling error, you would think that that would be something pretty easy to catch
and you just said, fuck it, who cares?
So I kind of find it a little bit insulting that they poke fun at that.
I'm of two mindsets because I always enjoy a company that can have that sense of like
self-deprecating humor a little bit.
You know, who doesn't love the Wendy's social media account or, um, who else is, who else
is a sass on Twitter, Denny's Arby's Arby's, you know, all those, but here's the thing
in the time it took to write that clever little tweet and pace or, and post that fake job
posting and all that, um, you could have probably fixed this problem.
You know what I mean?
Like, well, I mean, obviously this was an incredibly simple thing to fix and it's, it's
really weird that it just was not found.
I just don't understand.
Like, did, did no one like go through that?
I mean, well, and here's the thing that I don't understand too.
On top of that, it's like, okay, you built this game and you shipped the game.
You obviously, I assume you tested the game.
Didn't you see that there was something fucking wrong with it?
And like, wouldn't you think, okay, this is AI related.
I'm going to talk to the guy that built, you know, the AI portion of this engine or whatever
and figure out, let's see if we can get down to what the issue is.
Like did, it seems like no one fucking did anything.
Here's the thing.
A lot of times in the industry, my understanding is that some bugs are reported and an executive
decision is made to keep the game on track to release a certain time.
They don't fix them.
Just, it just depends on the severity of the bug, what it does and all that stuff.
Some bugs don't get fixed and it is a choice.
The weird thing about this though, this like with this easy of a fix as it is, it's not
like we're talking about, you have to go in and like fix all this.
This is a very, it's one character, like I could probably, I could fix an INI file.
If I can fucking do it, they can fucking do it.
So it is really weird to me how that whole thing like snuck through, like that's a disaster.
As we were talking about earlier, you know, someone mentioned that, oh, hey, why don't
developers just abandon their game and not fix stuff?
Boom.
There you go.
Gearbox.
They're your man.
You know that they're there for you to not fix shit.
There you go.
Look forward to Borderlands 3.
All right, anyway, speaking of typos ruining everything, some people really perked up this
week when apparently Microsoft said that there was going to be an announcement with all new
Xbox hardware and people were like, well, it is time for Gamescom.
So I mean, even though it's a weird time for a company to announce new hardware, what is
what is the traditional calendar for this stuff anymore?
Right?
Remember, the switch came out in March and it did great.
So timetables for game consoles even are screwed up these days.
So a lot of people perked up and said, why?
Microsoft's going to be like doing the new console this early or doing something.
Well, here's the deal.
It was kind of a typo, basically.
So what ended up happening is that Major Nelson put out a tweet that said the wording
in the original post that said all new hardware and accessories was inaccurate.
What you're really going to get, you get new bundle and accessory news that's being shared
in Germany.
So what I meant to say is, you know, instead of wood, it's actually wooden.
There wouldn't be any news for for new all new hardware.
Sorry for the confusion.
He asked and they said it was OK.
Well, what happened is that we had to ask Sony if it was OK for us to unveil the new
hardware. And Sony said it was OK.
And Sony said it was OK.
So he said we would.
I mean, what?
Here, I thought this was just going to be another slow episode of the show, and that's
probably one of my favorite zingers that's come up in the past, like, year on this program.
Anyway, new hardware and accessories.
So, yeah, exciting, I guess that that does mean, you know, made it cheaper, you know,
serious. I thought they were supposed to have like a redesigned controller or something
that was supposed to be coming out at some point, because I know that they were having
like a new controller of some sort.
I thought maybe maybe I'm mistaken, but I thought they had like a new accessory or
controller or something that was coming out.
So that's probably what you're going to see a games com, but not like how you are.
Maybe no HoloLens.
I would love for HoloLens to come down in price.
That's just it doesn't that doesn't seem like a games com type of thing.
Yeah, I think that's a, you know, CS, CS or a GD.
Like the next phase of what that looks like type of thing for developers.
I don't know. That's too early.
Anyway, let's get to let's get to a more, you know, redesign, you know, VR controllers.
Sony, can we please get something?
All right, let's get to a simpler timing game.
Let's go back to a time when there wasn't VR.
You didn't have VR. Actually, no, we had VR back in this time.
It was just it was lawnmower.
Yeah, lawnmower. The mind's eye, it was all the mind's eye.
All the VR like footage of the mind's eye.
Yeah, it's it's the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura goes to the gaming ball, blah, blah, blah.
Play this game, blah, blah, blah.
What is it?
Hey, I have this game, Blazing Lasers, also known as Gunhead in Japan,
which is a space shooter done by Hudson Soft and Compile.
So, you know, it's kind of sometimes a pain in the ass.
But it came out in Japan and North America in 1989 for the NEC PC Engine,
also known as the TurboGrafx-16 over here.
It's based off of the Japanese film called Gunhead,
although they removed references to the movie in North America.
Now that I know this, I might actually have to watch this movie,
so I'm going to go look for it.
Anyway, in the game, the galaxy is under attack by an any space
called the Dark Squadron, and so the only thing that can help them
is the Gunhead Advanced Starfighter, which would be pronounced GASK.
Anyway, so it is a vertical scrolling shooter and you go and you blow shit up.
It was actually developed by the same people who did Puyo Puyo
and Super Bomberman, as well as Xanax, The Guardian Legend,
and Doremi Fantasy, which that was Mylon's Doki Doki Adventures.
And it has since been released on the Wii Virtual Console in North America,
Europe and Australia in 2007 and in Japan the following year,
and on the PlayStation Network in 2010 and on the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2014.
So basically, you know, this is I'd probably say, you know, keep in mind
the PC Engine got a shit ton of shooters.
I mean, an inordinate amount of shooters.
Some of them were garbage.
Some of them were amazing.
And I'm actually pretty happy that Blazing Lasers came out over here
because it was a ridiculously good game
when we kind of got some garbage on Turbo Grappler.
In this game, you have a rapid fire cannon that you can upgrade
or you can change other weapons into power ups and these orbs called gel capsules.
You can also get multi bodies that shadow your action.
They have homing missiles, shields, different firing capability
called full fire, and you get cluster bombs, all kinds of just fun weapons.
But of course, my favorite is the big laser cannon
that makes me think of Raiden.
You remember Raiden, of course, Raiden is one of those games.
Um, is that what the wavy gravy or whatever?
Well, the one in Raiden just latches on and swirls around until it gets them.
But this one will actually, I think, shoot up and home in on them.
Like in like 90 degree angles.
It's just a really, really cool weapon.
But yeah, other things that they did together.
I mean, basically the people who are behind this.
It was directed by Nittani Masamitsu, who is also called Roo.
Um, but he was the creator of Zanac.
He's the creator of the Guardian Legend, you know, and the PLPL series.
We just had such an amazing cast on this.
That's probably why this is still one of my favorite shooters, because
it had so many of those things in common with the Guardian Legend.
It was as far as power ups and the way that it moved.
But it was really, really solid.
Um, it was really listed as one of the best,
I would say, 8-bit shooters.
Just keep in mind, the turbo graphics is not a 16-bit system.
It is still, it's still an 8-bit
processor with a 16-bit graphic processor.
Yeah, it's like a weird hybrid.
And on top of that, Blazing Lasers was
probably the big thing that people were getting when they were playing our title.
So I would say, you know, if no one here has played it
or they've seen like the kind of crappy artwork that came on the turbo chip,
you know, in the U.S., don't let that fool you.
It's kind of like how I look at Master System game art, you know,
where it's kind of generic looking.
Um, this is an excellent game.
If you haven't played it, why the fuck not?
And that's it, Blazing Lasers, a.k.a.
Gunhead. Now I'm going to find the movie.
All right. There it is.
Classic game of the week, Blazing Lasers.
Dude, this poster looks awesome.
All right. OK, I need
I think they have a ship in it called the Marianne.
I think I actually did play this game once. It's pretty rad.
I like that game.
So, all right.
We're going to take a break, but there is more Orange Laundry to come.
We have rapid fire news when we get back.
Travel around the world and look at some release dates.
We're going to talk a little bit about accessibility in games.
Some efforts to help developers make more aware about that.
And we'll talk a little bit about Mega Man and some of the Mega Man news
at a Comic-Con that I'm sure Loki is thrilled about.
We'll get to that when we come back with more of Orange Laundry.
Holy shit. The U.S.
DVD of this is seventy seven dollars.
How dare you interrupt my outro?
All right. As I was saying,
we'll be right back with more about Orange Laundry right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight.
Episode number 738 of our show for this July 22nd of 2018.
Already in progress with myself, Dark Soccer and Loki all here in studio
as we will plan to be over the next few weeks.
No shows, although unexpected things happen, such as happened last week.
But for the most part, should be here for the next few weeks.
The next show we're going to have off, though, is Labor Day weekend,
as has become typical over the past few years.
I don't think we've done a show on Labor Day weekend in probably
about six or seven years because I've been going to Dragon Con every year
since since VOG was a thing.
So, yeah, I'm really looking forward to this year's Dragon Con.
I can't say anything officially about the schedule yet
because it's not set in stone yet.
But stay tuned to my Twitter and VOG network for not just my schedule,
but we have a lot of representation from the different VOG shows
that'll be there at the Dragon Con this year.
I know, of course, Bobby should be doing some stuff as well.
But some of our other shows, I know, I don't know who all is confirmed
going this year, but I know usually like John from Critical Myth
and Gary from Critical Myth will probably be there.
Brian from British Invaders should be back this year.
So, you know, hopefully we'll have some representation
across some of the other TV and other media panels as well.
So looking forward to it.
In the meantime, let's move on with some more gaming news
and some rapid fire news going to Loki.
Yep. So we can talk a little bit about, you know, free updates.
As we were mentioning, Nomad Sky getting a pretty decent free update soon.
The Nintendo Switch is getting an update to Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.
So with that, you're going to be getting a Breath of the Wild
Breath of the Wild skinned version of the Master Cycle,
which is going to be something that's free as well.
You can also get the tunic from Breath of the Wild as well.
So that'll be updated for Link.
They said also there is going to have some ancient customization parts
will be added to the other games, cars and paragliders.
So you can change it up a bit.
Not bad for free.
JD and chat confirmed me that's already live.
Yeah, in the game. Yeah.
So I'm curious.
So like, why release it now?
I mean, that's that's neat.
I wonder if they have any other announcements that they're going.
Or is there still more DLC coming out for Breath of the Wild?
I think is there are the two big ones already happened.
But who knows? They might do more.
I still have to purchase it again because I remember I sold it when I got
my got rid of the Wii U.
So I saw they get I never played through it, honestly.
I mean, I was going to pick it up when it gets cheap.
Mm hmm. So I just that's a big time sink.
And I got to play Skyrim a couple more times, I'm sure.
Of course, Skyrim and 4K. It's 4K now.
Why not? I'm in VR.
And then something else coming to the switch, actually.
So you may remember South Park.
The Fractured But Whole did come to the Nintendo Switch.
What's also going to be coming, though, is the Stick of Truth.
That is also going to be coming to the switch.
And then along with that, on all platforms, though, is the brand new DLC
for South Park Fractured But Whole, the Bring the Crunch,
which is a new, I guess, campaign
which introduces a new class to its battle system
and has, I guess, some aliens.
The mint berry crunch, which is an alien from Coco John.
I don't know, but it does take place in the
was it late Lake Tardicaca.
Wow. So that's going to be kind of on
PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch and PC, July 31st.
It'll cost eleven ninety nine.
I can't remember this as part of the season pass.
I have the season pass.
I think if I remember correctly, I bought it with the season pass.
So I need to go back and play that because it was a great game.
All right.
Going to a couple more stories for you guys, starting with the Stardew Valleys multiplayer.
That is going live on the PC version of the game, August 1st.
Console multiplayer to follow after that.
There is a new trailer that you can watch that details all of this that came out on the Internet
that also shows the new farms that look really, really good.
So you can check that out over on YouTube or pretty much any gaming blog that probably ran the multiplayer update.
It's a good, relaxing, like
Animal Crossing style game, if you like that type of thing.
Yeah, I got to admit, I I I couldn't really get totally sucked into Stardew Valley
because it didn't really like it didn't guide me enough.
And I didn't like I couldn't really figure out like what I was really supposed to be doing.
And so it felt I don't know.
It's not really anything you're supposed to be a little too open ended to me.
If that's I need my games to have a little more structure.
Well, they have like the whole system where you can,
you know, unlock stuff in the community center.
So that kind of gets you going in different directions to try to like, you know, grow different things or whatever.
And then there's a relationship you can try to, you know, romance people in there.
Maybe if somebody really wants to play the multiplayer,
maybe I'll check it out again and get sucked in.
Or the dude that wants you to go on the boat because of the implication, you know.
Yeah, who knows? Anyway, I also news about Soulcalibur 6,
which I'm looking forward to coming out later this year.
It was confirmed that we will be getting Voldo as another character in that game.
So a lot of great characters from the past coming back for Soulcalibur 6,
who, of course, is the hell guardian of the game.
He's the one that has the creepy face mask.
I would like spikes on his eyes and stuff.
He looks kind of like weird, but he's back in Soulcalibur 6
for those that really enjoy his little like bendy fighting mechanics.
October 19th, again, is the day to look forward to this on PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
Then did you see the the Arby's?
I think it was cardboard like cosplay thing that they did for Soulcalibur.
It was pretty, pretty epic.
They they do a lot of that stuff, so I'm not too surprised.
So, all right, Darsaco, what do you have for us?
Oh, just stuff.
We are getting a Sega Ages Sonic the Hedgehog Thunder Force 4 included
a fantasy star and some more games.
It looks like it's going to be coming out on.
Hold on. Does it say it's on the switch?
Yeah, it's coming out on the switch.
Well, there was also a mention of oh, yeah,
Sonic will have different elements from the 3DS version, like the added spin dash
and the mega play arcade version.
Thunder Force 4 will include Styx mode from the Sega Saturn version,
and it will have leaderboards.
Other ones are coming like Alex Kidd in Miracle World, Gain Ground,
and like I said earlier, Fantasy Star.
Also, well, you know,
Team Instinct has been kind of the the whippin' boy of Pokemon Go because mad.
I don't know if anyone else saw that comic.
But Team Instinct has fully redeemed themselves at this year's Pokemon Go Fest.
Team Mystic, what did I say?
Yeah, Team Mystic was fairly looking smug,
according to what I remember reading on this,
except it turned out that
Team Instinct were
the highest number of research tasks completed nine million.
They've blown the other two teams out of the water.
So good job, yellow team.
So honestly, especially after now having reached max level in Ingress,
let me tell you, the teams in Pokemon Go, they don't matter.
It's mad. They don't. It's mad.
Yeah, there's still no game yet.
Well, I mean, there's no competitive game.
It's not. Yeah, it's not a competitive game. Exactly.
So, all right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
and some games that will be coming out soon in a store near you,
starting with the U.S., Loki.
Well, we have a few things coming out this week.
So Mega Man X Legacy Collection is going to be coming out on PC,
the Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Of course, you know, with No Man's Sky next,
the Xbox One version of No Man's Sky is going to be coming out
with the Banner Saga 3 on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And then looks like Ys Memories of Celcita.
And that's on PC.
And Mobile Suit Gundam Battle Operation 2 on PlayStation 4.
And let's see, last but not least, we've got
Go Vacation on Nintendo Switch.
And in a game I'm sure my kids will want to play for some stupid reason
because they see it on YouTube.
But Hello Neighbor is going to be coming out on the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
iOS and Android.
And it's a stealth survivor horror game
about breaking into someone's house and trying to steal stuff
while he tries to kill you. I don't know.
I know I've watched videos of it.
That's it.
All right, let's travel to Japan, where on the 26th of July,
we have Mysetsu Pier Station comes out.
There's a regular version of this and one that comes with a figure as well.
So that's kind of interesting.
I don't know if you get to, like, you know,
have sex with the figure or something, but I don't think it's that kind of game.
What? That's a jump to conclusions there.
Well, it just it just looks like another one of those.
Anyway, this oh, God, this game based on the cover art for this game.
This is more of the game that I think people are going to want to fornicate
with fake versions of the characters.
Senran Kagura, Peach Beach Splash.
Oh, right. It's Senran Kagura. I mean, of course, that's right.
The naughty ninja girls of Senran Kagura are going to be taking it.
This is basically dead or alive beach volleyball, but it's squirt guns.
Yeah, it's squirt guns and bikinis.
That's right. White bikinis.
So you know where this is going.
Anyway, the Rockman X anniversary collection one and two.
Obviously, that's what they call Mega Man over there.
That is also out on July 26th.
And you can get a game called My Kai Senke Disgaea Refine.
I don't think that is the same Disgaea game.
Oh, no, it is. It is the Disgaea series.
So it's like probably some type of like definitive version.
That's pretty cool.
And then a Dragon Quest X all in one package, versions one through four,
also releasing in Japan this week,
along with a game called Spin Tires Mud Runner is out in Japan this week.
So it's a pretty busy week in Japan.
A lot of games going into the PlayStation hits collection over there as well,
including Bloodborne, Little Big Planet 3 and Ratchet and Clank the Game,
as well as Last of Us Remastered.
All of those come out on the 26th as well.
And if that isn't enough,
why not get the PlayStation 4 Monster Hunter World Value Pack?
That is some type of, I think, system plus game type of bundle.
That is pretty much it for the Sony stuff.
Looking quickly to see if Nintendo has anything.
Yeah, Nintendo has the Rock Band collection as well.
That My Kai Senke Disgaea, the Disgaea remaster is over there as well.
Wolfenstein II The New Colossus gets its Japanese remake.
Dragon Quest 10 is out on the Switch in Japan,
so it's going to get that all in one package as well.
And Daito Shouken no Hitsu Jikai Library Party.
So ain't no party like a library party.
Because the library party don't start until everyone shuts the fuck up.
All right. Stacks books moving on to the UK, Dark Sakura.
We have on the 24th Train Sim World for PlayStation and Xbox.
We have on PlayStation the Persistence VR on the 25th.
No Man's Sky on the 27th.
Other things on the 27th is Hello Neighbor for Switch and PlayStation.
Go Vacation on Switch.
The Banner Saga Trilogy Bonus Edition,
also on the 27th for PlayStation and Xbox.
That's it.
All right. Better than a shart.
This is the part of the show where we would get to the mailbag.
If we had any emails.
We need a sad version of that song, like in a minor key, minor key.
Yeah. Well, you should just start playing like the funeral dirge.
So anyway, my point is to send us emails.
That was that was two weeks and no emails.
I'm depressed now.
We got some people asking us to vote in a gubernatorial
thing in a state we don't have in that.
Jeez. We haven't gotten any Russian porn spam, though.
Well, that's a plus, I guess.
That was something we used to get on the old email address, right?
That's a relief. Anyway, if you want to send us an email, please no spam.
Participate at OrangeLoundTrader.com
unless your spam comes with like Bitcoin or
although I wouldn't know what to do with Bitcoin.
I or, you know, a freak steam codes will take those two.
Where was I where they said that we take cryptocurrency?
I was in San Francisco.
It was somewhere like walking toward Saks.
And in the window it says we take cryptocurrency.
I'm like, you do.
There's a lot of random places, especially in the Bay Area, that will take
cryptocurrency as, you know, payment for whatever is the Dyson vacuum place.
No, it wasn't the Dyson.
But there's a cryptocurrency ATM outside of
the arcade that's in the Roswell Galleria.
Yes, I've seen that.
The I'm just like, why does this even exist?
Yeah, I don't I don't even understand how it works.
This is this is where I start to go.
I'm old. I'm 40.
Herp derp, because I don't I don't keep your dollars in a mattress.
I would like one cryptocurrency, please.
Yes, I would like one cryptocurrency.
And I want to make a cryptocurrency called cryptocurrency.
Can we do that? I mean, come on.
Everything's like something coin.
Let's just do I want cryptocurrency, cryptocurrency.
I would I would be so down with making VOG coin or if if Bobby Black Wolf
frowns on that, then fine.
Oh, our coin. He can't stop us from doing that.
But I'm all for like a currency that we own.
But the question would be, what are you going to buy with it?
Because that's how you're going to really give it value is
make it worth something that like you can trade in one VOG coin for like X.
You know what I mean? Like me screaming at you.
I mean, one VOG coin for me to scream at you.
That's terrible. I hate that.
I'm surprised no one's made cryptocurrency for Shrewt books yet.
Technically, we kind of it's not like an actual cryptocurrency,
but technically we have like whose line is it anyway?
We have the points and the points don't matter.
But you should still play the game anyway.
That's all built into the website, which is why you get that passphrase
that shows up during the show.
If you're listening on the podcast or if you're listening live, remember, plug,
plug, you just go to live.vognetwork.com and you can click the thing and you can,
you know, get points.
And once in a while, the site gives you loot when you do certain things.
It's like you build up your little profile.
It's collect them all because why?
Why do you why do you collect them and Pokemon go? Why not?
So we do have that.
We may not have our own cryptocurrency,
but we have our own points and the points don't matter system.
So anyway, let's see.
I'm looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see. Tiger class says, use VOG coins to buy games.
That would be one use for it.
OK, Loki's game will only be purchasable with VOG coins.
Well, I can't wait to make zero money on that.
Oh, God. All right.
Anyway, let's move on to some more video game news stories.
Loki. All right.
Well, this is kind of cool.
So apparently there is this a game dev, I guess, a game maker's toolkit.
It's basically a games writer by the name of Mark Brown.
And he takes deep dives on certain aspects of gaming from level design to music.
So he started a new series now called Making Games Better.
And so with that, it's his first episode is basically making
games better for the deaf and hard of hearing.
So designing for disability.
So that's pretty awesome that he's got this challenge kind of gives tips
for game developers and how they can do different things for their games
to be able to benefit, you know, these other demographics.
So, for example, with the designing for disability for deaf and hard of hearing,
he says, the thing is about video game subtitles, it's more important
than any other medium that they're easy to read because you're trying to divide
the your attention between subtitles and everything else you need to think about.
So, you know, they have he's got a whole bunch of tips.
He's going to be doing this series, I guess, for other aspects as well.
And if you want to check it out, you can.
And then also he has a picture on, too, if you need to want to support that.
But it's pretty neat to give it a look and see what they recommend.
But it's neat to see that there's resources out there to talk about accessibility,
because it's not really something that's brought up a lot in the game dev video tutorial series world.
Yeah, I think that's really cool just to like, you know, a lot of times,
99 percent of it is just like awareness.
I made that statistic up, but it's just awareness, you know, like, oh,
I could do this thing really easily, but if I didn't think to do it, I might not do it.
You know, and you can't like you have to put every little thing in a game that you make.
You know what I mean? Like what I mean by that is that like,
OK, take my reading of the game Tempest 4000 earlier in the show is that like
they don't have options in it to like change the resolution or use the mouse
or remap the buttons because they just didn't put it in there.
You know what I mean?
So it's like things like that developers kind of like have to put in their games.
And even though it might not necessarily be difficult, I don't know.
I don't I don't make a lot of games, but, you know,
it's just it's standard practice on PC to do that kind of stuff,
even if you don't do it for console.
But come on, you got to you got to realize that you're putting this on PC.
You can't just like, yeah,
let's copy and paste what I did in this other platform, put it out here. It's fine.
I know. But anyway, back to the topic at hand with the accessibility for like
for the deaf and so forth.
Like, I think it's really cool that, you know, to to just build that awareness.
And, you know, things to do and, you know, what maybe not to do,
what what color patterns might not be as good to use as certain other color
patterns to help people with certain color blindness and, you know, things like that.
So pretty cool. All right.
Let's move on and talk about a unveiling at Comic-Con this past weekend,
which is for Mega Man Fully Charged. That's right.
The full trailer for Mega Man Fully Charged came out.
And now you can check out what's going to be coming to the cartoon.
I watched so I watched the trailer and I watched also the episode one trailer.
The trailer that they have for the whole series looks like hot shit.
Here it is right now.
We're going to play it here in studio a little bit, just so,
because I want to see Jamie's take on this, too.
I don't someone to hate the look
completely because it kind of reminds me of Tron,
even though it does look a little cheap.
It looks very cheap.
It does look like it was made on the cheap.
I don't know, I think I've watched it.
I try it. I try it.
And make a perfect decision from there, Jim.
So we'll see. Anyway, I can barely hear anything, but I wonder if it's kind of based off the Mega Man EXE or
Rockman Battle No. No, it's it's garbage.
He's got he's got Micro Man.
He's just like this little robot that lives in this helmet that like quips stupid shit.
Well, if you want to see for yourself,
you can check out a preview on the Cartoon Network app on August 3rd,
and then it airs on the actual Cartoon Network on August 5th.
They had a preview, though, for like the first episode.
They had like a trailer and it and show a little bit more in detail what it was like.
And it's not as bad as that trailer, but it still looks bad.
I mean, it's just it's the lowest like I don't know, like I get it.
It's not supposed to appeal to me.
It's supposed to appeal to kids.
Kids might be into it?
I don't know.
I mean, they're into a lot of things like all of a sudden.
But like with that in mind, OK, like, for example, they just put out a Captain Underpants cartoon
because the movie was kind of funny.
My kids read the books and I watched the cartoon.
Well, I thought your kids could read.
My older kid can.
My youngest cannot.
OK, my oldest, he can read just fine.
OK, no, but like Captain and I read it to them as well.
So so we watched the cartoon in the cartoon is for it's structured like the book.
And they have like chapters of seven.
It's really well animated and it's funny, has good writing.
You know that they're into.
But this is like kind of dumb.
This reminds me of like the Pac-Man cartoon that they had.
And it's just as cheap.
Look, the animation looks just as cheap or maybe even like if I'm trying to think.
What's something else that they like?
They like.
What's it called? It's.
There's another show that is Disney.
I think it's Disney.
It's they have like three ninjas or whatever.
Oh, whatever doesn't matter.
But there's there's other cheaper cartoons.
It's just I don't think when you see the animation, the animation is kind of cheap and
usually when they skimp on the animation like that, they're also skimping on the
writing and it's just like it gets tiring after a while and they get bored with it.
So unless there's something to really hook them in and make it interesting, I think
that it's just going to be kind of it's going to be there and then it's just they're
going to stop making it.
Whatever, I mean, I'm not going to watch it.
It looks dumb. I tried watching.
I do like that they do some like flashback stuff when they're talking about different
things. It's like in a retro pixelated like sprite.
They tell it like sprites and they have like sprite little cut, you know, animations
between scenes and stuff like that.
So that's neat.
But once again, who's that appealing to?
Is that supposed to appeal to me, the person that played the video games, or is it
supposed to appeal to a kid?
Kid doesn't give a shit about that.
I don't know. It's just I wish it was written in a way where like it appeals to all
audiences because you don't have to.
Why are you dumbing it down?
You don't have to dumb that shit down for kids.
We used to watch the fucking Batman anime series.
That wasn't fucking dumbed down for kids.
You know, there are Darkwing Dockery, these like DuckTales and shit like I watched.
Like my my my favorite shit was the stuff that was like Tiny Toons and Animaniacs.
Exactly. True levels of humor.
Exactly. Exactly.
That was great. But old school Rocky and Bull angle.
But nowadays, like even like Mickey Mouse, like my son watches my youngest and watches
Mickey Mouse stuff on his tablet, that shit's like fucking SpongeBob.
It's like I mean, not to say that SpongeBob is bad, because that's just that peels the
stoner people and everybody.
I mean, everybody loves SpongeBob, but it's stupid.
But it's like not as much as adventure time.
Oh, my God. Yes. Like I was so funny.
You know, it's like it's like that.
And that's fine. But it's not like it's not Mickey Mouse anymore.
Nothing makes me want to smoke weed like episodes of Adventure Time.
But yeah, but the new Mickey Mouse show is like fucking like Adventure Time or Ren
Sippy or something like that. It's just it's just fucking crazy.
If you watch that and I don't know, it just is weird.
But I guess it's just the demographic nowadays is the kids like that kind of crap.
I mean, it's fine. It's more interesting than the other Mickey Mouse cartoons.
And the DuckTales and new DuckTales is fucking awesome.
But I don't think this is going to be awesome.
This is going to be awesome. Like Sonic.
What's the Sonic show they have now?
That's shit. Sonic hero, Sonic Boom.
Yeah. No one gives a shit about Sonic Boom.
No one's fucking like, oh, my God, I need to see the new episode of Sonic Boom.
I got to get home so I can watch. I got to watch my Sonic Boom.
No one fucking cares about that.
Like, no one's going to fucking care about this show either.
And that's what pisses me off. It's like more Capcom.
When you're licensing Mega Man, make it more like Mega Man 11,
not fucking bad box Mega Man that was in, you know,
the fighting games.
But I'm all about new She-Ra that dresses like a normal person.
All about that. New She-Ra? Yeah.
She wears real fucking armor.
Yeah. An actual breastplate, shorts under her skirt.
Instead of like a titty plate, she dresses like somebody might actually wear something.
So real armor about fucking time.
OK, moving on.
Let's go to a different type of gaming story.
Darcy.
Well, I'm sure we've seen an increase of diagnoses with kids with
attention problems and kids having trouble with their own anger management.
There is a game now, this game came out in November last year,
but it's getting a lot more attention.
It's called Mightier.
And for kids who have issues with anxiety or
anger problems, what they do is they have the strap that goes on on their forearm
that measures their heart rate and oxygen level.
And so the game itself will change based on their heart rate and oxygen level,
as in anxiety or stress response.
So they actually get rewarded for forcing themselves to calm down,
to breathe, to do soothing techniques.
So basically, the game is to teach them how to self-regulate their own moods.
And actually has been rather lauded by a good series of behavioral pediatricians.
Although there are some people who have been pretty much against it,
because, you know, it's just more they think that more video games
are going to lead to more attention problems.
But a lot of kids have found the game because it teaches them this.
They are now doing these things in real life,
because now they know that it should be a situation that they should calm themselves in.
So I think it's actually a pretty good idea that they're now bringing video games into
modern psychology.
I think it's really awesome.
Yeah, that was my story.
Cool. What do you think maybe we can take from this for,
like, I guess, if you will, mainstream development of games?
Well, I think that the same techniques could be applied toward adults, for one thing.
I think that...
Well, see, I don't know.
It makes me think that if we had the Vitality sensor,
if that had come out, Nintendo would have done more things like that, too.
You know, it's kind of an old concept if you think about it.
But I think that if it helps, I think kids with all of these issues
become better members of society.
Who knows? It could also inspire, you know, more games to help with, you know, social issues
or, you know, or even going back to the accessibility issues, you know,
thinking in terms of using these as tools and not just as entertainment.
Helping these kids to be the future creators.
Something like that.
Yeah, I like that.
In chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Captain Spike says, wow, this is an awesome idea.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, there's an article I found on the net
of an old, old game mag from the early 80s that interviewed a psychologist
who used wizardry to help patients like children get out of their shells and socialize.
Wizardry as in the Sir Tech game, not like, you know, like Harry Potter.
You're a wizard, Harry.
Not like that, like the actual game wizardry.
If you remember that from back in the day, that's pretty cool.
All right. Just a few more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype.
First, Loki.
All right. So there's a new Famicom game coming out.
It's not exactly new.
It's not not new, new, as you will.
But it's basically a Japanese port of the game Battle Kid.
And for those not familiar with Battle Kid, Battle Kid is an insanely fucking hard game
that looks very much like I want to be the guy.
In fact, you know, the main character looks exactly like we want to be the guy.
But it plays more like Mega Man.
So, you know, they have released this.
Originally, it was on an NES cartridge in 2010, and now it's actually making its way
to the Famicom as well.
So they've done a few things with the Japanese version.
So the, of course, translation.
They also switched to hit points instead of one hit deaths, which I find interesting
because that's the whole point of the game.
It's supposed to be fucking hard and one hit deaths, but whatever.
They have a life counter, added some new checkpoints, added a new boss, new stage,
new sound effects, 11 new music tracks, doubled the ROM size and changed the movement
attack patterns of some of the enemies.
So pretty cool.
And that's going to be that actually came out.
Yeah, it's supposed to be released in Japan September of this year.
Nice. All right.
Well, one more story for you guys out of Comic-Con and then we're going to get to our
Skypline at Orange Lounge Radio.
But if you're a big fan of Overwatch and you're a big fan of Nerf, we're going to be
very happy because they are releasing official Overwatch Nerf blasters.
This particular first one that's coming out is modeled after Reaper's weapon in
Overwatch. So it's these little like hand shotgun things.
But yeah, now you can get a Nerf version of this.
Nerf is partnering with Blizzard on the official Overwatch Nerf gun.
The Nerf Rival Overwatch Reaper White Edition.
It's due in 2019.
It mimics the look of the shotgun.
But obviously the functionality is a little bit different.
You get eight little Nerf rounds for this and there's a ready indicator and a safety
lock with this.
So, Dartusy in chat says, I don't play Overwatch, but that is really cool in my
opinion. Yeah, you don't have to play Overwatch to understand a Nerf gun.
So it's pretty cool.
So no pricing has been announced yet.
I'm sure it's probably not going to be very cheap, but it probably won't be too crazy
either. So who knows what will come after this?
Will they do weapons based off, you know, Soldier 76's weapon or Tracer's guns or
what? We'll see what happens.
So anyway, we'll see what comes of this Hasbro partnership a little later on.
All right. Anyhow, with that, we are going to open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge
Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call to talk about anything that we've talked about tonight or
maybe something that we missed, we're happy to take your call right now.
While we wait to see if anybody calls in, Loki, any other stories that we didn't get to
tonight? Some last minute stories?
I feel like it was I mean, even though we had Comic-Con this weekend, which is a big
deal, it's not obviously there is stuff during the week that like I saw and I'm like, I
know I'm going to forget that come Sunday and I didn't write it down.
And I know there's other things that happened that were like pretty significant.
And I'm just like I even went back to them, like looking for that stuff.
And I know one of them was that whole the AI thing, which we talked about.
But there is another thing, too, and I can't remember.
What it was. Oh, well, I guess it's not a huge thing that there was the two countries.
I can't remember which countries that European countries now that had issue with the
loot boxes in Counter-Strike go that they actually removed loot boxes out of those
regions because of the whole laws regarding it, because they're going to face a bunch
of fines in regards to the loot boxes being gambling.
So I know that that was a thing, but that's kind of minor.
But it is interesting to see that they're having to take action for that stuff already.
Um, but yeah, a whole lot of news, a lot of Comic-Con stuff, lots of movies.
Yeah, a lot of that's movie movie talk, though.
Any well, let's let's allow ourselves to deviate a little bit here to some of the other
nerd stuff. Any of the nerd stuff out of Comic-Con?
Catch your eye. I'm surprised that the Aquaman trailer looked pretty good.
I don't really like DC stuff too much anymore, but the Aquaman trailer looked awesome.
And then, of course, Godzilla, King of the Monster.
That's awesome. It looks so well with a kid from Stranger Things in it, huh?
Yeah, but it just looks so good.
And then Glass looks interesting.
I want to see that.
I can't think of what else I saw.
I am excited, of course, to see the new Invader Zim movie whenever that comes out.
It looks very much Invader Zim.
Just sad that that's all there is, is just the movie, not rebooting a new show or anything.
Yeah, but whatever.
Um. Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, that's pretty much it.
Oh, yeah, they have the Voltron Lego set coming out.
They were selling it at Comic-Con.
Yeah, that's coming out on August 1st.
I still need to put together my Tron light bike that I finally bought at the Lego store.
Yeah, I really need to.
Very, very, very quick build.
Yeah. Oh, yeah, I'm sure.
I'm sure. But cool.
We still haven't put together our DeLorean.
Oh, would you get like an official two of them?
Oh, cool.
Oh, God, that thing's like that's pretty old now.
I know we have a couple of them just because Dan wanted one to build and one to keep in the box.
So I like that.
God, whenever I think of Lego, I think like Toys R Us and how, you know, they all went under because a lot of people were trying to get the deals and the Legos and stuff.
But like, we haven't seen what's going to go in at any of those old retail places on like a lot of these stores.
Halloween costume shop whenever, you know, spirit is where I buy all my house decorations.
But it's like they're everywhere.
And so it's like, oh, boy, last thing we need is another one of those.
I don't know. But that's fine.
Yeah, I don't know what they would put in there.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm waiting to hear about KB coming back.
We need some Sears closed down.
There are local Sears.
Oh, the one at Sunrise.
That's gone. Oh, that's completely gone.
I mean, I get it.
It's not like I'm crying, but like I'm like, what's left of that mall?
It's pretty empty.
They have a toy store.
It's like a mostly a board game store, but they have toys there.
It's just kind of lame.
I think that you finally you find like stuff now at places like BoxLunch or the box lunch that we used to have up here close to the one in our fairs there.
The one up in there was one in Pladio, I think.
Oh, wow. The Arden Fair ones like nice and big.
We got a call coming in. So let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry. Who's this?
What's going on? It's Rama.
Hey, Rama, what's up, buddy?
Do I sound a lot better than the last time I called in?
You do sound a lot better.
Your volume is stabilizing a little bit, but that's normal.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, a couple of things I want to mention.
And on a side note, I got on an Amazon deal thing.
I got a brand new mic for like 60 bucks.
I'm kind of happy about that.
Shoot. There you go. Good news.
Good news. What's up, my friend?
We were talking earlier about antenna TV and VTV, and I'm kind of thankful because I can get them on my...
Hey, buddy, you suddenly like your volume drops significantly.
I don't know if you moved away from your mic or something, but like we can't hear your question.
Can you hear me now?
Yes, we can, sir.
All right. This microphone is extra sensitive from what I can tell.
Interesting.
But what I was saying was antenna TV, VTV, it's not just available over the air, but depending on your local cable provider, you can catch them that way, too.
Yes, some of them.
Some of the channels are so cheap that cable doesn't even bother to pick them up.
But you're right. Some of those channels are on your local cable.
But, you know, with more and more people that are cord cutting these days, it is still pretty impressive what you can pick up with an antenna.
If you're willing to watch old stuff, you know, some people aren't interested in watching, you know, old reruns of Mama's Family, which to those people, I say, boo, because, you know.
But anyway, but, you know, there's a lot of stuff that you can pick up with an antenna these days, especially, but in a place like New York City or something, it's probably even doubly so than, you know, a more remote part of the country.
I wouldn't call Sacramento remote, but, you know, we probably still don't have as many channels over the air as you guys have.
Well, I mean, being here in New York City, I can pick up stations like in Southern Connecticut, per se.
So that's not so bad.
Right now, if you're in North Jersey, you're going to get the regular New York City stations down by where Makochon lives and where Ari lives, if they went to OTA antenna, actually more where Ari lives, he could pick up the local Philly affiliated stations.
Oh, wow. I remember as a kid when we used to like, if you could aim the antenna like just the right way, you could get Fox out of the Bay Area.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Because I remember for a short period of time, this defined all logic.
I was able to pull a station in from like New Hampshire and I'm like, it's got to be bouncing off of a local affiliate or something like that because it was staticky and I could see the call symbols and stuff like that.
But, you know, kids, kids today will never understand having to sift through the static to see these or or even better yet when you're trying to watch Cinemax when you didn't pay for it.
And it's like, I think I saw a boob in like a wavy green type of filter.
I remember when we first got cable in our town and there was there was a remote, but it was a wired box and it wasn't numbers.
It was number so you got the 13 and then it was letters.
So you're telling the dial.
I just remember it being at my cousin's house at Nickelodeon was Channel K.
That was the main thing that I really cared about.
I remember I remember that I was I remember that and I remember I remember in the mid 80s like we had a cable thing here was it was like Jones cable or something or it was in Roseville where I grew up before like Comcast bought them all out.
They had like a thing on they had a service like in the mid 80s where you could like download games to your TV and play these games on your like remote.
And this was like way before this became commonplace in like the day and age of apps.
So like, I don't know why that didn't really catch on more.
But like, I remember thinking that was, you know, it's way ahead of its time.
Yeah, crazy stuff anyway.
All right.
Well, my friend, is there anything else you want to share with us or?
One thing.
Yeah.
If Uchon does Maria, you have to do Prince Peach.
I'm open to that.
That'll be fun.
You have to throw the fish out and just dye it a nice peach pinkish color.
You will look so boss.
Well, maybe maybe I want to be Prince Rose-lin.
I don't I don't know how to boyify that name, but who cares?
Oh, Ross-lin.
You could just be like Prince Ross.
Yeah, yeah, Prince Ross.
Or maybe I want to be instead of Daisy, I would be Daniel, I guess.
Daffodil.
I think that you've got to get Allen in on this and you got to go to Uchon.
The fangirls would lose their shit, especially if they see the wedding rings.
OK, I kind of love the idea of Allen and I both doing it.
And one of us is Peach and the other one is Daisy.
Yes.
That that might have to happen.
If it does, I may have to fly out for that convention.
Seriously.
Yeah, I think it might be.
Well, you have Prince Peach and Duke Daisy.
It might be better if either way around.
I know it might be better if I'm Daisy, though, because like J.D. says in chat.
Hi, I'm Daisy.
I have to go around the con.
Hi, I'm Daisy.
And I don't think Allen would want to do that.
All right.
Anyway, but I think Allen would be more than happy to say Peach is the winner.
All right. Anyway, I'm going to let you go, my friend.
But thank you so much for the call.
No problem. I'll take care.
Bye, I'm Daisy.
Oh, my God, I'm dying.
J.D. in chat says, swear to God, Super Smash Ultimate had better have.
Hi, I'm Daisy. Be a taunt.
Oh, if it's not, return it.
Throw it in the trash.
If it's not an actual time in the game, it better, it better.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and close up Skype for now.
If you didn't get through, you want to say something to us.
You can always email us.
Participate at orange lounge radio dot com.
I bet they're going to have the rapids in there.
They might. I that would because then they could do like as a character,
you know, costumes.
Yeah, they have all the weird like rabbits that they have in the Mario Kingdom battle,
which is another game that my son has played that I still haven't played yet
because the Mario Kingdom. Yeah, we have.
Well, we just haven't played it. All right.
I haven't played it. He's played it.
Well, we're going to wrap up another episode of Orange Lounge Radio with that.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show and supporting us.
If you like what you heard here at Orange, Andrea, tell a friend or two about the show,
because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put out on the air,
how can we hear them?
So, yeah, tell a friend.
Leave a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Google Play podcast
or wherever it is you found this show.
Those go a really long way. Let me tell you.
And I know I say that every week, but it seems like nobody ever does it.
So please, you know, if you have five seconds to help us out,
I really, really, really appreciate it.
So that's going to do it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, I'll start with you.
Wasps suck.
I got stung in the chin by the same two wasps and had allergic reactions, of course.
And that was a week and a half ago.
And it looks like it's finally starting to heal.
But now it's peeling and it hurts.
Wasps are assholes.
And vote.
My final thought is I had a really good time going out randomly last night,
but I have to remind myself that I still can get hangovers.
And thank God mine went away before the show tonight.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh, wasps like making nests at our house and I like spraying them with poison.
So there's that.
Hooray for poison.
All right. That's it.
That's going to do it for another episode.
We'll see you in seven days to do it all again.
Thanks for tuning in, you guys. We'll see you next time. Goodbye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for tuning in.
We'll see you next time.
