Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, rumors are growing that Google plans to compete in the video game console space. Would you be down for a Google Console? And more importantly, will you be able to play Fortnite Crossplay on it? All this and more on another episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends, and welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, July the 1st of 2018, episode number 736 of our show.
Happy Canada Day to all of our pals up north. Happy We're Back night because we were off last week. No better way to celebrate a birthday of OLR than taking a week off.
But we're back to start another year full of Orange Lounge Radio episodes after our 16th birthday two weeks ago. With you in studio, myself, Rob Roberts, and with me, as always, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi.
Hello, hello.
Hello.
Thank you for cat-sitting Mr. Smoosh while I was away in Chicago. Appreciate it.
He was a good kitty.
Had a very good time, and I brought you back some candy.
Yes, and I'm going to have some right now.
Good. Those little, so what do you call this place? Vosges?
V-O-S-G-E-S.
Okay, so I'm assuming, they don't have them here. I'm assuming it's a thing in Chicago or maybe generally the Midwest.
Actually, I did find that there's supposed to be one in New Orleans, and I think there's one in Southern California.
Oh, okay.
But I didn't know about it.
So maybe Southern California. So not really close to here.
Oh my God, it smells so good.
But anyway, those peanut butter things I bought, those are the best things I've ever had in my entire life, as far as candy goes.
So I'm really excited for Jamie to try one here on air. So she's going to open that box.
I will say this too about Jamie is that she went with me to accompany me right before I left for Chicago,
because she's been an owner of one of these devices, and I finally bit the bullet and bought myself for my birthday an Apple Watch.
I said I would never get on the Apple Watch train, and here I am. I finally bought one.
You know what finally did it for me? You know what finally brought me over to the dark side?
All the exercise motivating that it does.
And I have to admit, the whole bugging me to stand up and all that stuff is actually really motivating.
Speaking of exercise, time for candy. So you're going to eat one of these?
Got sea salt on top. Let's take a bite.
Alright, so she's going to eat one right now.
Oh, fucking hell.
Right?
Aren't those amazing?
Praise Jesus. Now that I don't even believe in Jesus.
Leave it to the resident Jewish girl here on the show to say praise Jesus for fighting into a chocolate.
I love it. Alright. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. Alright.
Fucking A.
While she's indulging in that, you need to, you need to put those, you know what you need to do?
You need to put those in a glass case, dark Sakura, which is like in case of shark week, break glass.
And then you have those ready to go.
Girl, it's so rich. I'm just going to sit here in the afterglow and smoke a cigarette.
Alright. Sounds good. Just blow the smoke outside.
Alright. Say hello to tech master. Loki is also here. Hi, Loki.
Hi.
Hi. You may have to try to bribe your way to one of those chocolates later.
I know you don't usually eat food.
Is it chocolate and peanut butter?
It's chocolate and peanut butter.
Yes.
I fucking hate chocolate and peanut butter.
God damn it, Loki. You hate everything.
I did bring something else though that Loki might be interested in.
What's that?
Honey butter potato chips.
I'll try some of those. That sounds good.
Maybe. That's just like weird.
They're really fucking good.
If it's not meat, Loki doesn't care. You know how to get Loki?
It tastes like the honey butter from, um, what was that salad place we used to have out here?
Not sweet tomatoes, but, uh, the soup.
Fresh choice.
Fresh choice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's really good.
It is good. Anyway.
But you, you brought dinner tonight from one of those make your own pizza places that they're
like, where did these things come from?
Like, it's like overnight we have, what is it?
The pizza rev, the pyology, the mod pizza, like all these.
Yeah.
Somebody took the idea of a Chipotle and applied it to pizza.
All these places popped up like overnight.
It's crazy.
And it's just like, I didn't really necessarily want anything fancy.
I just wanted pepperoni, you know, but I added a few extra things on top of it.
Garlic.
But honestly, they're like, I like my LG better.
Like, I don't know.
This is the first time I've had mod pizza and it's just kind of, it's all right.
They're really all the same to me.
They really, they're not all the same because they had different sauces and stuff and that stuff
does make a difference.
All right.
Uh, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com because part of what part of what makes Warren
songs radio special is the fact that we have been broadcasting live over the past 16 years.
And we're always with you guys in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com and you can chat
along with the show and say things like calling me a sheep, which some people are doing about
my new watch purchase.
To which I say, fuck them.
To which I say, suck it.
All right.
You know, you know what, know what people treat their technology like fucking religion
and you want to know what giving people shit about the technology that they like is just
as stupid as giving people shit for their religion.
I don't like, honestly, it's not that important to me.
I, if you want a Fitbit, get a Fitbit.
I realized the newer Fitbits do like a lot of the same shit.
If that's what you want, go ahead.
I don't care.
Like it doesn't.
Okay.
My Monique heart voice is kicking in here.
Um, but, uh, I just do what you want.
It's all good.
Just, you know, I just chose to get the Apple watch.
I definitely wanted my rainbow band, which Jamie helped hook me up with.
And then I have the little, the little face on the watch that does a little dancing rainbow
too.
I got robbed for his birthday and I fed him and bought me.
Yes.
I appreciate it.
Let's see.
Also looking in chat at live.vog network.com.
Uh, let's see.
A rage in here talking about Loki hating chocolate and peanut butter together.
Yeah, I just don't.
I like them both individually.
I just don't like the combination saying, uh, of course, Loki hates everything.
He's a gamer.
Gamers hate everything.
Remember?
I like both.
I just don't like the combination of flavors.
I'm sorry.
I like Nintendo switch and I like Xbox one, but how dare Minecraft put them together?
No, it's nothing like that.
Uh, let's see.
It is a little confusing to have two copies of Minecraft though on my switch now.
It is.
Uh, tiger call on chat says, can Rob make calls on his Apple watch?
I think so, but I have the one.
You absolutely can.
Yeah, but mine doesn't have the cellular cause I didn't need it.
Like I do have an iPhone, so I was like, well, I always have my iPhone, so I'm not worried
about the whole, like you have to be near it.
And I do notice they work pretty far apart still.
And it's not like your watch immediately shuts down.
If you get away from your phone, like it still tracks all the stuff.
And then the next time you're close to your phone, it kind of, I can leave my watch in
the living room and I have to be about a house and a half away outside through the building
before it realizes I don't have my phone with me.
Yeah, yeah.
Same, same, same thing at work.
So anyway, uh, let's see, we're going to get into, uh, some news stories here.
In fact, I want to get into our kickoff topic tonight, uh, where I want to talk about some
of the things that we missed last week while we weren't here.
Cause, uh, we did miss quite a few things last week, including official news that Yoshi
on the switch was delayed to 2019.
Everything's delayed to 2019.
Kind of, well, I mean, and not too surprising when you figure that it didn't make the E3
press conference and a lot of people were asking, where's Yoshi?
So the fact that it got delayed to 2019, probably not the biggest surprise in the world.
And honestly, is Nintendo doing anything different than the other companies?
Like practically all those games that Sony showed at their thing, except Spiderman are
2019 games.
So you know what, whatever is last of us to 2019 as well.
I believe I don't think they've committed to a date yet.
Have they?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, let's see.
Also, uh, I guess, uh, captain toad treasure tracker, speaking of Nintendo news, the world's
dedicated to super Mario three D world are being replaced by super Mario Odyssey ones,
which, okay.
So it's not going to be a direct port of captain toad on Wii U.
Why not just put both in there?
That's true.
Why not?
Oh, let's just take it out.
Why?
Maybe there'll be DLC.
I don't know.
Who knows?
Uh, let's see.
Nintendo and Disney are teaming up to make a Nintendo switch themed game show.
Nintendo switch family showdown.
It is a new show that's going to be on the Disney channel, Disney XD, and I think online
the Disney or the Disney now streaming out cause you know, everybody has their own fucking
streaming app in this day and age.
So anyway, four families will battle it out for points and prizes by playing Nintendo
switch games against each other.
So it's kind of like, I guess like a modern day Nick arcade meets family double dare
or something.
I don't know.
Which by the way, speaking of game shows and speaking of double dare, Loki, I know you
had to have watched the new one.
I didn't watch the new one, but I know it came back.
Yeah, no, it did come back.
I didn't watch it either.
Cause I was, I have no, I don't have Nickelodeon, so I don't really, I will know cause we don't
have cable.
I thought, Oh, so I was like Nickelodeon.
I thought it was a part of like basic cable.
Okay.
No, it's not actually basic.
No.
Basic cable is your local channels and that's it.
All right.
Well anyway, um, I know a lot of people were looking forward to the double dare.
I like that they have a new host and they have Mark Summers.
I liked that they kind of used both.
I thought that was a good way to kind of nod to the classic, but still keep it like very
modern.
So anyway, back to the Disney game show, uh, searching for collectibles in Mario Odyssey
might be one round head to head Mario tennis aces, just dance, dance off.
So that'll be a hoot and a holler.
Anyway.
I don't know.
That sounds really stupid.
It's, it's going to be a family game show.
I get it, but it's just, it's hard to ignore the just product.
It's, it's just, it's like an advertisement break man in chat wants to know, uh, when
is that coming out?
Probably 2019 like everything else probably.
I don't think it's this year.
I just took a bite of my other chocolate.
So, okay.
So not to derail, but that's what Jamie does.
So you opened the other chocolate bar that I brought you, which was what it was a stout
chocolate bar.
It's a burnt caramel smoke and stout, but it doesn't taste like caramel.
So it's good.
Um, but I can get the stout taste in it cause chocolate and Guinness are amazing together.
It's got like a cream in it and you have to let me try like a little bite at some point
just cause I'm curious.
Super curious.
All right.
Anyway, go ahead and have some.
I'm trying to do a show here.
Girl, put this in your mouth and eat it.
If you insist.
All right.
Hold on.
Okay.
That is pretty fucking good.
Right.
You want some?
That's pretty amazing.
Moki hates everything you forgot.
All right.
I would still be ready to find it and offer.
Um, the cross platform debates heat up.
I think we're going to get into it a little bit on tonight's show as well.
But, um, I think you guys probably saw the commercial that showed up, uh, on Twitter
at least.
I think it's, um, around social media and stuff.
The whole survive together.
There's a Minecraft ad that's full on Microsoft and Nintendo did this ad together and there's
an Xbox player and a Nintendo player.
And it's really cute because the Xbox player is wearing green, the Nintendo players weren't
playing red.
It's, isn't it interesting how like we have the three, like, I know they're not the three
primary colors.
I guess they're the three light colors, red, green, blue, right?
Cause I know primary is red, yellow, blue, but Xbox is green.
Nintendo is now red and Sony is blue.
So we have a green and a red commercial that came together and it says survive together.
It's really cute.
Did you see the commercial?
Yes.
Yeah.
So it's a, and then of course that led to all these parodies where people were making
like a blue screen that said survive alone, you know, things like that kind of taking
jabs at Sony.
But anyway, uh, an ex Sony developer said that the PlayStation four console cross platform
block is all about the money.
Uh, duh.
We all know it's about greed and we all know it's about Sony just trying to sit on their
little throne.
But the problem is this little reputation is going to hurt them in the long, the long
game is not good with a strategy.
That's the problem with this.
People are going to fucking remember this when the Xbox two isn't, I'd call it, we all
know it's not going to be called that, but when the next Xbox is announced, Sony can't
stick to these types of rules or they're only going to allow Microsoft to punch them the
way that they punched Microsoft at E3 a few years ago when they first failed PS4.
So just look out Sony, don't do this.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see other news from last week.
Final Fantasy seven remake.
It is still happening.
Tetsuya Nomura expressing a little regret that they announced it so early, but they
kind of had to because of all the rumors and talk, you know, uh, also they're saying the
remake will dive deeper into avalanche members and other characters, which makes me think
that this isn't so much a remake as it is a re-imagining if they're expanding on certain
elements of the story and changing things like this.
That's not really a remake, is it?
Remakes can be, you know, covering different stuff.
I guess that's true.
I guess so.
But doesn't that seem more like a re-imagining Logie?
Maybe a little bit, but I hope that they have more like the advent children's stuff in there.
Yeah.
Let's go even beyond the story.
Uh, some thoughts in our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, as Joe and Hunter Matt said, they needed to announce it before Walmart Canada announced
it.
Very true.
Uh, JD says maybe they're pulling in some of the prequel games like crisis core before
crisis.
Oh, so kind of like alluding to some of the other things that happen in the side stories.
That's a good, a billion of side story games that they had good call out, I suppose.
Uh, and then one of the biggest stories that came out the week we were gone, uh, evil G
or GameStop, but we sometimes call them evil G.
Uh, they're in talks with private firms about a buyout.
So it looks like you also heard the other story though too.
What's that?
They're going to carry comics.
Yeah, I did hear that too.
So GameStop is definitely having to change a little bit probably because of the ramp
up in more and more games being distributed digitally.
So they're not content with putting the, the local, uh, video game stores out of business.
They're also now aiming for the jugular for the comic book industry.
They're trying to, they're basically trying to diversify cause there's no margin in games.
And so even with game sales, you know, and I imagine even less so with digital stuff,
they're not making a lot of money on that.
And I'm guessing that maybe the used market's not what it used to be.
And so now they're making money from other things that are higher margin, like, you know,
collectibles, 50% pop figures.
It is, it is.
And you know, judging by my kids and stuff, most of their attention was on all the collectible
stuff that they had there and not so much the games.
So these are basically going to become nerd stores across America.
It's probably like a, like a hot topic, but just gaming centric.
Interesting.
Isn't that box lunch?
Box lunch is actually a lot better than hot topic.
I like, I like box lunch a lot personally.
Yeah.
I have the stuff in there.
They had a Retsuko shirt I want, but they wanted like 40 bucks for it.
So whatever.
Do they have those?
I don't know if everybody in our chat would know what that store is, but it's in like,
if you go to this place called the mall, which most towns still have them, not all.
Wait, wait, wait.
Sorry.
It's where your Sears used to be.
A line from a movie pops in my head.
He took us to something called the mall and something called credit cards.
Sorry.
Is Bill and Ted's excellent.
Oh my God.
That's, that's a throwback.
I was thinking mall rats.
If you want to see like malls at their heyday height, go check out mall rats with Jay and
silent Bob.
Pay attention to the name of the stores.
Yeah.
And see if you can see the stereo image.
Anyway.
Uh, where were we?
Oh yes.
GameStop malls.
Yeah.
Oh, and also, you know, along the lines of GameStop looking for a buyer, you know, Toys
R Us is officially closed now that I saw the memes of the Jeffrey with his bags packed,
ready to go and all the, you know, because I missed the last day, I was hoping to go
like one more time before they closed.
They didn't really have anything in there though.
I guy looked, there was nothing.
I did not set foot into a Toys R Us one time during that entire sale.
What do I win?
You win not getting stuff for really cheap.
No.
Well, isn't it all going to end up at the dollar store now anyway?
No, they'd sold it off.
I mean, well I think like a lot of like, especially like I was looking at Legos, so a lot of Lego
stuff that was there.
I think the local hobby shop that sells Legos bought most of that because you know, it's
50% off.
That reminds me.
I got you something.
You know, they could throw the markup stuff.
Oh yeah.
The Lego tape stuff.
That's awesome.
It was like the last one they had.
What is that?
It's tape.
You like stick it on your wall and you can stick stuff to it.
That's cool.
Thank you.
Um, but yeah, they, I saw, I got like a nice sign, you know, save like 80 bucks off of
it.
Huh?
I bought one of those and I bought Jenga, but it was like not real Jenga.
They had like my, uh, I was speaking with my mom yesterday and she went there and bought
Christmas gifts for the kids because they had a lot of stuff and there was a lot of
like big ticket items that my kids wanted and I'm like, I wish this was cheaper.
Um, so I was waiting for it to go cheaper and that's why it was actually, that was my
next trip was going to be is buying that stuff for Christmas.
So maybe she took care of that.
Um, something that I noticed in our little, uh, thread where we compile all the stories
where a dark Tetsuya helps us out and some of our story compilation for each show, uh,
he kind of called this out as a piece from last week that he thought was worth mentioning
and dark soccer since this has to do with retro games, namely SNK, I think this is something
that probably be up your alley, but you know how they're doing this SNK 40th anniversary
collection that's coming out later this year.
That's kind of like the, you know, all the old school games in one package.
Apparently, uh, some of the games have been redesigned to work as twin stick games because
some games, well, some games originally had a rotary control, so that can't be replicated
on a controller because the rotary is kind of unique in its design.
So what happened is that, you know, the ports were mapping buttons to rotate clockwise or
counterclockwise and it just didn't work.
So now the games play as twin stick basically.
So instead of, you know, turn it, you basically have one to point, I guess like, uh, you know,
playing like what?
Smash TV, robotron, those types of games.
So that's kind of cool.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
So, uh, I developed, I was already sold on this collection anyway, cause I'm a sucker
for retro compilations.
So that just makes me, uh, all the more interested in this.
That's for sure.
So there you go.
So that's a little bit of what y'all missed last week while we were off.
You also missed Rob's birthday.
That's right.
Yes.
My 40th birthday was on Monday.
Tuesday was on Tuesday.
Yeah.
I'm at that age where I forget.
Yeah.
My 40th birthday was Tuesday.
Your 40 Stravaganza.
I didn't forget.
So I figured, you know, as a gift to not only the listeners, but to Rob, you know, okay.
So because I, it's more for Rob, but you know, the listeners I'm sure can enjoy, you know,
being that I have no idea what's coming by the way.
He is not, he just said that there's a birthday present.
Yes.
And, and, and Bobby will appreciate this.
So I'll be right back and I'll bring you one in.
Okay.
Oh Lord.
Did he, he hid something.
He's bringing you ahead.
I know.
I'm fucking scared.
That means it was too big to hide.
So he dropped it in the living room.
Oh my God.
This is gigantic.
What the fuck is this?
Oh my God.
Oh shit.
Oh my God.
I'm scared.
This is.
What?
I figured since you've been putting it off for too long, it's about time that you got
on the whole VR craze.
So not only you got that, but also one of my favorite games on the system, which is
uh, until Don Russia, he bought me a PS VR, I can't believe it.
And it does.
Yep.
It has Skyrim.
Cool.
They all have Skyrim nowadays.
Thank you so much.
Oh my God.
I'm like speechless.
It's great.
You know, who's going to be mad at you though?
What?
Because just to, just before I left for Chicago, I was like, Oh, when I get back from Chicago,
I'll look into buy your PS VR.
Oops.
Oops.
No, I love it.
Oh, there's something else in here.
Yeah.
Until Dawn.
Cause it sets.
Oh no.
It's a great game.
Oh no.
I love it though.
Thank you.
Look, you really did.
I know these things aren't cheap.
Thank you so much.
Holy shit.
No problem.
Wow.
So I figured it'd be fun because you know, you do the streaming stuff and everything.
So Oh, for sure.
And I am super looking forward to Tetris effect.
Exactly.
That was finally the thing.
Well, let me go.
Okay.
I have games already.
So you have rez.
Yep.
You know, I get to play rez.
Oh my God.
I'm so excited.
Yeah.
Super excited.
Looking in chat over at live.vog network.com.
Uh, as 200 Matt says, Mr. Smoosh is like a new thing.
That's mine now.
Yep.
Uh, blowing shit up.
Man says everybody gets a Skyrim and dark Tetsuya says, Oh man, I want to see that on
Twitch.
You got it.
We'll do, we'll do some Twitch streams for the PS4 later this week.
I can't, I can't do it tonight cause I'm not going to get set up that fast, but uh, this
week for sure.
That's great.
Oh my God.
Thank you so much.
They have most of the games are digital.
So you have to get some digital games.
Like I just, I picked up like some stuff this week by seven played it yet.
Uh, just in time ink, which is kind of a cross between like if you think, um, super hot and
job simulator.
So you, you're trying to stop people from dying from tragedies.
And so it's, it's hilarious though.
So like I really want to play that, but that'd be a great like streaming game right there.
Uh, rage nator in chat says, now that Rob Roberts has a PSVR, I have to ask the million
dollar question.
What is the TTP with the PSVR?
First off, you nasty.
Second off, how do you know it hasn't already happened?
Just don't be nasty.
Maybe I'll do a Twitch stream with no pants.
You'll never know.
You'll never know.
All right.
Anyway.
Nasty, nasty.
Uh, let's see.
Uh, going to chat at live.vognetwork.com, uh, dungeon buster says I can only imagine
what it's like in VR, but I liked it.
Good luck on saving everyone.
Uh, tiger claw wants you to know is if you don't already Loki ready player one is coming
out digitally this Tuesday already pre-ordered the digital version.
Yeah, I'm in no hurry to get the digital version again.
I mean, I've already seen it like two or three times.
So yeah, okay.
I wanted to go see ant man and the loss this weekend.
However, I have been informed by my wife that the Whitney Houston documentary is coming
to theaters that same day.
So unfortunately I will be seeing that instead.
So, Oh, well, I'll have to see it on the weekend.
I still, I, I can't wrap my hand around that.
It's not about learning your spouse to see something they don't want to see.
I would take your wife to see the Whitney Houston documentary cause I would see that.
I didn't even know one was coming.
I knew there's a mr Rogers documentary that I want to see.
Yeah.
Maybe you guys can negotiate.
See that one.
But like if Dan was like, Hey, I'm going to go see this.
You want to go?
I'd be like, no, that's, that's with me.
That's Alan and scary movies when he wants to go see, I don't know what are the big scary
moves?
It, he wants to go see it.
I'm like, don't you have other friends locally that want to go see it like, you know, that
that's everything.
He's free.
All right.
I mean, I went and saw, was it the bodyguard musical and everything?
So I mean, I forgot with, uh, uh, who was it?
Crystal waters, right?
Or something?
No.
Uh, one of those divas from the nineties.
Right.
Here's somebody, but I don't remember who it was.
Yeah.
But it was all right.
I mean, it was okay.
Okay.
Was it right?
But it's okay.
Were you going to make it any way stop?
You want to know how many freaking drag queens I've heard do that song?
All of them.
All right.
All of them, Rob, all of them.
Let's get into how is your gaming week and the types of video games that you've been
playing this week?
Uh, dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a damn thing except for the stuff I play on the phone.
You want to know why?
Because of awesome games done quick.
I'm also right now buying a legend of Zelda t-shirt, but anyway, back to this, um, I have
been playing Pokemon and I've been playing, um, idle pouring.
Um, but I really like, I watched the finale last night so I could watch the final fantasy
six play through and I really super enjoyed it.
And it was just so much memory on that, that I think I'm actually planning on starting
that up again, um, to play on my, um, um, my, uh, SNES classic.
So I'm thinking about it anyway, but that's really been about what I've been doing anyway
just because I really haven't wanted to do anything else.
All right.
Then we'll move on to Loki.
Um, I didn't play a whole ton of stuff this week, but I did play, um, I got luminous remastered.
So I played a little bit of that on the switch and it was fine.
Um, I tried a little bit of the new Minecraft for the switch, so it's kind of confusing
that.
So they have the Minecraft switch edition, which is its own thing.
And then the Minecraft that's kind of everybody, you know, the one that's tied in with, um,
Xbox live, the one that you can play cross platform on is its own thing, which is really
weird.
And then on top of that, like I don't really care for the port that they did for that one
because it's probably good on TV, but on the screen, they didn't account for the size of
the screen and the resolution.
So all of the text boxes are really small and it makes it kind of difficult to see what
you're doing in there.
I mean, whatever, that's a small nitpick, but it's kind of annoying.
It's like, ah, I kind of rather play the other one that would look much nicer, but whatever.
I just wish you had an option to like tweak some of that stuff, but whatever, it's, it's
all good.
The aquatic updates are pretty awesome.
I haven't really played too much of it on my PC, so I'll have to check that out.
But yeah, it was kind of fun.
Most of my time was playing Pokemon go just because I feel obligated now to get enough
gifts to send to everybody every single day.
And so it's the struggle, it's just like I have 11 friends and it's just like, dude,
I had to drive by all of these pokey stops to get stuff and it's just, you have to let
it go at some point.
Now again, I got into this on Bobby show a little bit.
I'm not trying to be that guy, but the reality is between the people I know that play ingress
between the people on Facebook, Twitter, I have 73 friends on Pokemon go.
So like I'm, I'm not going to be able to send out that many gifts a day.
I just, I just can't, like I physically cannot visit 73 pokey stops in a day and that's assuming
each stop gives me a gift, which is not even the case.
So I kind of have to prioritize like who are the local people that I'm more likely to raid
with and trade with because I want to increase those friendships faster.
It's like, I'll send gifts out to the long distance people as I can, but like, yeah,
Oh my God, I just, I don't get enough gifts and they did nerf it a bit cause you were
getting like a ton of stuff from those gifts and then now it's a little less, but I mean,
I'm still having trouble like key.
I've had to expand my inventory twice just to be able to keep up with everything and
it's still not enough.
I'm like, I'm trying to catch everything.
I literally am catching everything I see, even if I don't want it just to use up the
pokey balls and it's not enough.
I just can't, I can't throw enough of them away.
So that's what, that's why I played this week.
All right.
Um, my gaming week, uh, I've also played the brand new Luminous remastered on Nintendo
Switch.
I'll probably play it after the show tonight on the live streams.
That'll be fun.
Um, but, um, yeah, I'm, I'm a fan, obviously.
I love that they redid Luminous.
It is pretty much the original game, but this time, you know, I can play on my HDTV as opposed
to a little portable device.
So that's cool.
And like I realized that they did do a version of Luminous on Xbox 360, they did do a version
of it on PC, you know, so it's not like I haven't played Luminous on my TV before, but
it's the first opportunity to play those old skins, you know, shine in, move your body
and like, you know, those, those like older skins from that game.
Um, so it's really cool to get to experience all that again.
And the fact that it's on the Switch, you know, being portable and all that stuff.
Very cool.
So, uh, yeah, big fan of shine it or of shine it, of lumen.
I mean, what else is there in Luminous, it's shine in the game, but no, seriously, a big
fan of Luminous.
If you've never played it and you like puzzle games at all, you have to give this a try.
If you like music games, I kind of feel like you have to give this a try.
Now, if you're not a fan of puzzle games, then I don't think this one's going to win
you over, you know, because you're probably, you're probably going to look at it and go,
it's kind of like the same thing over and over.
Like if you can't see the value in a game like Tetris, then you're not going to see
it in Luminous either.
But like, have you seen, speaking of Tetris, by the way, have you guys seen some of the
gameplay that's out there now for Tetris effects because now that I don't know if critics have
a copy of it or somehow, like I know it was at E3, but like, there's like off the screen
or like a direct feed B roll stuff out there.
It is, it is Luminous, but Tetris.
It is like the exact same, like the themes and the block change after you get so many
like lines and stuff.
And the thing they did to Tetris, they made it so that you can stop time.
And so you can actually get up to 16 clears at one, you can get 16 lines at a time.
Pretty crazy stuff.
The expert Tetris player did.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's the same thing I saw that YouTube out there, which I guess a ton of people have
seen that.
Just Google or look on YouTube for Tetris effect expert player or something, and you'll
find this video and it has a lot of footage from the game and you can see the expert Tetris
player.
I think they showed like footage of him from like the NES world championships in the nineties
or something.
So he's in his forties now like me and he's like a Tetris master and he was playing that
game.
So, yeah, I'm so excited for Tetris effects, you guys and like Luminous is just like warming
me up to that.
Otherwise, I've also been playing a lot of Pokemon Go.
Same kind of deal that Loki was talking about, except, you know, just trying to get all the
presents I can.
So again, if you're my friend in Pokemon Go and I haven't been sending you enough gifts
or opening your gifts, I am sorry.
Blame Niantic for only letting me open 20 a day.
They should still let you open gifts, even if you only get like a Pokeball or a potion
or just like experience or something like just a little something to let you open all
your gifts would be great.
At least you can send out unlimited.
But again, trying to try to get that many is a beast.
But I am trying to prioritize people that like I raid with, I trade with that are like
local where I'm going to see those benefits.
So sorry about that anyway.
Let's see.
And then there's no shiny Roselia, though, which disappoints me.
I've been trying.
I don't really like that Pokemon in the beginning.
They're like, OK, there's a shiny one out there.
Just like everyone I've seen is like not shiny by not a shiny by.
Well, I guess the reason why they did that is this safari zone event they're doing in
Europe right now, which is kind of like Europe's own community day sort of thing.
I guess it's happening at a rose garden or it's some type of like botanical gardens.
So that's that's why they did Roselia.
Yes, it makes sense.
I just, you know, I can't evolve it.
So it's like, well, I mean, not yet, but it's a Gen Gen four or five has a evolve.
I think it's Gen four.
Gen four has so many like game breaking Pokemon for the current system.
Like this is why we're having to wait a little bit for Gen four, because I think Gen four
is going to require a rebalance of everything.
And so I'm not sure how popular that's going to be.
Act Deft in our chat room points out at live dot vog network dot com.
The go fest shinies are going to be minion and plusle.
So the little the little battery pikachus, you all know which ones those are right.
Plus minus pikachus.
Yeah, those are the ones that are going to be shiny for Chicago.
But they'll be it'll be worldwide like the Roselia was, but they're so weak.
I know they're not my favorite either.
And I don't think those do evolve.
I don't think those ever go anywhere.
I'd I could be wrong.
Chatters, Pokemon experts, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong, but I've been catching a
lot of those too lately, but it's just like they're so weak.
Yeah, I don't think they go in.
They don't go into the Pikachu chain at all.
They're kind of separate.
So let's see.
S.J. 100 Matt says spots that don't get too much pogo traffic have better odds of getting
shinies.
Interesting.
I thought kind of the friends list was an interesting way to help players in rural areas.
Because you know, if I know people that are in rural areas that don't get to spin pokestops,
imagine getting to open 20 gifts in a day.
Like you're able to get gear, which is nice.
So anyway, other games I've been playing this week still playing Diablo three.
So my seasonal character I mentioned before the last show, I wasn't 70 yet.
So now I'm 70 Paragon 300 plus I hit Paragon 300 earlier today.
So thanks to some of Grandpa from Hoard House or Captain Matt from Starboard Power Coupling.
Thanks to his friends for power leveling.
We were doing like level 75 greater rifts.
I gained 64 Paragon levels in one run.
One of those was crazy.
So that was fun.
And then I've been playing more Heroes of the Storm again because they suckered me into
watching it on Twitch to get more of the loot chest drops, which in turn made me want to
play Heroes of the Storm more.
So that's that.
Oh, and one more Overwatch.
I actually checked out Overwatch for the first time this week in a long time because of all
the Symmetra rework.
They did a big Symmetra rework.
They announced a new character on the PTR, which I know is coming up later in the show,
which Overwatch fans already know, but we'll talk about that later.
But I wanted to see the Symmetra reworking that they did.
So obviously I wasn't going to get to play her in quick match because people are picking
her like that to get to use her.
But I got to play around in a little test zone.
And then I went into a match as like Moira because I really love playing Moira.
She's a great, like kind of fun, like heal and slight damage person.
So yeah, I had a lot of fun playing her and I, I got, I did well enough that I got the
little reputation thingies that are new.
Is that what they're called?
I don't know.
They introduced, I think it's to try to counteract some of the toxicity in Overwatch is instead
of making a negative mark thing, they try to do a positive thing where you can basically
give like commendations to players who are really, really good.
I think that's, I think that's what they call it.
Maybe somebody in chat at live.vognetware.com knows what they really call it, but it's like
extra recognition to, to do a well and beyond.
And it goes on your profile.
Like the more of these you get, the more of these commendations you get, the more you
kind of level up on your profile, which is kind of cool.
So people, people are trying to be nice to get those endorsements.
Thank you.
I knew like, I was like, what were they called?
Yes.
Endorsements.
Thank you.
No, I think that is right.
This is my gaming week.
I've talked plenty enough.
So in this part of the show, I will remind you to check out our Twitter at twitter.com
slash O L R. We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And that's all the housekeeping I have for you right now.
We will be here over the next few weeks.
There's no shows off planned until labor day because labor day weekend, I will be at dragon
con.
And if you are in the Southeast area or anywhere remotely near Atlanta, you should be making
plans to attend dragon con as well, because it's a whole lot of fun.
It looks very, very likely I will be doing some panels with the podcasting track.
Very likely there may be more than that this year.
So you'll just stay tuned, really excited at some of the prospects for this year's dragon
con.
So stay tuned for that.
Bobby Black Wolf will be there too.
He's doing a lot of stuff too.
And from my understanding is because you guys know a good friend that was here on the last
episode relocated to the East coast.
So extra first now on the East coast, but he only is going to live like six hours from
Atlanta.
So extra for maybe a dragon con this year, I'm trying to try to get him to come.
So we'll we'll see what happens.
I think it'll be fun.
So check that out anyway.
Let's get into some gaming news and some other things that have happened this week, Loki.
So you may remember that valve got rid of the API support for that was allowing steam
spy to work.
And mainly they had to kind of shut it off because of some of the GDPR European, I guess
guidelines for data privacy enforcement.
They had to stay in compliant with that.
And because of that, that's why, you know, all the various profiles are private, so they
can't really scrape that stuff.
So now they're basically saying, you know, that they're going to come up with something
to take its place.
That's going to be better.
Their quote, basically, our general approach has been to provide open API so that we don't
offer the amount of tools that we are when we don't offer the amount of tools that we
should.
The community can step in, which allows things like steam spy to happen.
However, that had a broad variance in how accurate it was.
It was very accurate for some games and inaccurate for a few others.
So they're hoping to fix the issue and create something that's better than steam spy to
replace it.
So yes, we're working on new tools and new ways to getting data out of steam.
And we hope that data can be more accurate and more useful than what seems by previously
offered.
So that sounds like a good thing.
And I guess we'll just wait and see when that happens because we're talking valve time here.
So you know, we might count to three.
We might be alive when that happens or we might not.
Who knows?
Do they even give a shit?
Because I mean, after all, it's just, it's just selling games.
I didn't really buy a whole lot on the steam sale or was that, that was recently wasn't
it?
It's still going.
Yeah.
You got, I, I've had, I had some strong words on steam past couple episodes.
So I'm not really jumping at the bit to, to promote their sale, but I understand.
And the reality is, you know, I'm, I bought a game that was very, very cheap.
I had to buy it for 4.1 because it was only 20 bucks instead of like 50 what it normally
is.
But I can still be a frustrated customer.
I haven't even looked at it.
I should probably look, there's, yeah, there's a lot of stuff, but people can be pissed.
So also can be pissed at me.
Well, no, well, I'll say this too though.
Keep in mind that usually when these types of sales happen, don't forget to check out
GOG itch IO, the other humble bundle, the other stores too, because they tend to do
response sales, especially around the 4th of July.
So, you know, I will say that don't feel like you have to put all your eggs in one basket.
Right.
Yeah.
So, all right.
And I did, I did check the others first, but they were, you know, earth defense forces
only on sale in the scene of store.
So yeah, it happens.
How to bite the bullet there.
All right.
Well, anyway, let's talk about Pokemon go again.
Yeah.
We won't talk about our weeks, but the reality is there's probably a lot of people talking
about Pokemon go right now.
Why?
Because it apparently is at its highest player count since the beginning of the game.
So obviously when the game first came out, like fucking everybody was playing it then
as some of the server issues and you know, they took away the radars, you know, they
were doing things that made some people kind of over it.
So it dropped way off, but it was far from dead.
It was never a dead game, despite what some sensationalist clickbait headlines would make
you believe.
And the reality is it's back from the dead, uh, this week it's doing very well.
This is based on a study from super data.
Apparently the game generated $104 million in may.
I don't know how they, they measure this, but I guess they can see some of the, uh,
the rankings and the different stores and stuff.
They kind of figure it out that way.
Um, the long awaited trading feature as well as friend feature.
This is being credited for that whole thing.
So, um, have you done any trading in?
I haven't.
No, I should, I should trade you a Pokemon cause if I trade you a Pokemon that I got
in Chicago, uh, you'll instantly get your bronze trading metal cause it's over a thousand
kilometers.
Oh yeah.
Kind of fun.
And I can trade you one too, Jamie, if you want.
So anyway, um, the also, uh, a lot of people coming back to Pokemon go because they're
getting ready for let's go Pikachu and Eevee.
I know there were some people that were coming back for that.
Uh, so yeah, the game is doing quite well.
So if you call it a dead game right now, you don't know what you're talking about.
Clearly.
Um, so I mean, props to them for bringing people back.
How long will it stay that high?
We'll see.
I think it'll probably taper off pretty quick again, but they've done a pretty good job
about doing these little things to kind of get people that are curious to pop on back
and check it out.
That's for sure.
So, uh, check that out.
Moving on.
Dark Sakura.
What do you have for us?
Uh, just finding out the Dragon Ball Fighter Z for the ultimate edition of 70 bucks on
steam right now.
No, but other than that, um, Google is, uh, doing shenanigans.
They're basically, well, at least the sources indicate that they are planning a gaming platform
to take on Microsoft, to take on Sony, to take on Nintendo.
Um, they want it to be a streaming platform.
They're creating hardware for it, and they're already working on bringing in developers
under Google, so, uh, they've been putting in some major recruiting and trying to acquire
their company, too.
Other companies.
Um, and basically the people who have been talking about this, um, have either been involved
in the issue or know people who have been involved in the issue.
Um, I mean, and they did try to acquire Twitch before Amazon stepped in, so we had that there.
So they've been thinking about this for a while.
Um.
Thank God that didn't happen.
The rumor was going on for a while that they wanted to do something based on Android, but
that didn't happen either.
So they're, they're trying to push through other things.
I mean, it's all been rumors before, but this one seems to be, have a lot more weight to
it.
So, we'll see.
How about you support your fucking platforms you already have, like my Android TV that
hardly has any fucking apps on it.
How about that shit?
Yeah, I can't help, but when I hear like Google gaming, my mind instantly goes to an Android
console and I go like, oh, so they're going to make an Ouya.
No, it's not going to be an Ouya.
I mean, I, I don't know.
So the streaming platform right now is code named Yeti.
Um, so we'll see if there's an accuracy to it.
Yeah, I'm not going to knock it till I've tried it.
You know, let's, let's see what games.
Right.
Right.
Dark Sakura, golden rule of OLR.
It's been a while, it's been a while since we've reminded the listeners about the golden
rule of gaming.
Dark Sakura, would you please, uh, educate the listeners of OLR what the golden rule
of gaming is?
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
That is correct.
With caveat.
It also depends on how well those games play because after having played the same game
on multiple consoles, some, some consoles will do it better.
Okay.
Fair enough.
In other words, PC is all you need because PC is going to do it lately.
It depends on your setup though.
PCs, gaming on PC is expensive and I don't want to get into the console versus PC debate.
I'm just being playful.
Uh, you got to do what works for you at the end of the day.
So well, and I came to this conclusion actually watching one of my favorite YouTube channels,
battle of the ports.
They talk about games that just look stellar on some consoles and play like shit.
So again, take all that into account.
Yep.
Especially with so much being multi-console in this day and age.
That's for sure.
Exactly.
Exactly.
All righty.
Uh, let's move on.
Loki, what do you have for us?
So here's something kind of fun and something we've been asking for for a while.
It's like, why these consoles, these modern consoles have USB ports in them.
Why don't they support mouse and keyboard?
Huh?
Why don't they?
No idea.
The controller does if the game does it because you can play a Final Fantasy 14 with keyboard
and mouse.
I do it.
Well, that's nice, but I'm talking about like other games.
I know.
I know.
I, but, but I'm just saying the system can support it, but for whatever reason, a lot
of games like Overwatch won't allow it because Blizzard views that as like tipping the balance
or I don't know what the fuck their problem is, but that's, you know, they don't, they,
they see that as an advantage over people playing on controller, I guess it's separated
out.
I don't know.
Um, but anyways, Microsoft is actually been working with razor to bring full mouse and
keyboard support to the Xbox one.
Apparently there's been some leaked documents about a presentation where they've been creating
some different, uh, devices to work with the Xbox one citing, they said that the turret
and black widow devices and, um, even with chroma light up keys and whatnot, funny enough,
I actually just got gaming, uh, a gaming PC and, or not PC, but a keyboard and mouse.
Cause now we have, uh, I set up like a home office thing for my laptop.
So I have a, you know, game of mouse and keyboard now with a, I got a Corsair keyboard and a
razor mouse.
So now I can try to do some mousey keyboard like everybody else and instead of using controller,
it's unnatural for me though.
So I don't like it, but I'll try it.
Um, interesting though.
It doesn't say any other details like when we might expect this.
Um, but I know they said basically, no Minecraft bedrock edition currently supports mouse and
keyboard and that's, you know, on all these platforms.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I would be very curious how many of you are interested in something like this.
I always kind of thought when people want to use mouse and keyboard, they just go to,
you know, their computer.
You know, Xbox three 60 also cause final fantasy 11 also used keyboard, right?
Keyboard.
I don't know about mouse, but use keyboard.
So anyway, I mean, I don't know.
Like for more of these like MMO type games, maybe, uh, maybe if you really want to get
competitive like Overwatch or something like that and all you have as a console, you can't
afford, you know, to buy an expensive PC or something, maybe at least you can drop money
for a keyboard mouse and try to play better that way.
I don't know.
All right.
Let's talk about sexy band games.
Yay.
I love sexy band game.
All right.
So what is the latest sexy band game?
It's a game called Omega Labyrinth Z.
It was a game that was released for the PlayStation four and the PlayStation Vita.
So you know, I'm talking about Japan cause it was Vita supported.
Uh, this was a game.
It's a dungeon crawler, I guess.
But I mean when you look at like the graphics and stuff, it doesn't look like a dungeon
crawler.
That is official dungeon crawling garb.
I am sorry, but this, this school girls like F cup boobies are like, they're not just sticking
out.
They're sticking out and like going around her jacket.
That's not an F cup, Rob.
As one, I can tell you that's not an F cup.
Oh my God.
So what cup would that be?
That would be more like a double Z.
No, they actually do make double G.
It's, it's, it's H for hentai.
Okay.
It's H it's an H cup.
H for hentai.
I like that.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, so apparently the localization of this game has been refused by Sony, uh, for North
America and Europe.
The game was being localized by P cube.
It's a UK based publisher.
Uh, and then I guess the localization has been announced.
It's been canceled.
Uh, and they put in a little statement over on Twitter.
Uh, basically they try to do Japanese content for its fans as close to the source material
as possible.
Uh, P cube try to work with the relevant age rating, uh, bodies and their respective territories,
and they have to comply with the wishes of the platform holder.
And so they just withdrew it.
So basically the game was too, too slutty with people that are too young, uh, to be
released.
Well, I mean, they could have changed the age to everyone.
That sucks that these platforms are just, you know, have no region code, all region
free anyway.
I dunno.
Anyway, I guess also, uh, the Britain video standards council refused a box release for
the game in the UK back in March because the player touches certain points on a female
character's body to arouse them.
A successful action will activate a shame break where parts of their clothing come off,
revealing more of their bodies.
Do they have shit like this on the 3DS?
I don't understand what the problem is.
The player places honey on the girl's bodies, a fantastical dog-like creature that proceeds
to lick the honey off of their bodies, which causes them to become aroused.
I'm laughing.
This is so fucking stupid.
Like the previous mini game, when they reach a certain level of arousal, parts of their
clothing fall off or vanish.
As the dog licks at the honey, the girls respond with sexualized language.
But of course the main problem is that it takes place in a high school.
And so that means the characters are probably not quite 18 or barely so.
So where is the labyrinth in like the dungeon crawling with this?
Because so far I'm hearing like there's a dog that's licking a girl.
I mean, where's the dungeon crawling here?
By the way, in some of the screenshots, we see one female character saying to another,
you there, your skirt is too short, fix it right now.
And another one, a little fairy type creature is saying, eh, well, you have to stroke it
between your breasts.
Jamie, would you play this game?
Maybe.
I just, I think that's ridiculous.
It's God forbid that God forbid we represent, you know, women getting aroused by something,
but let's just blow some fucking brains and have, have intestines falling out.
That's okay.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
I get the age concern.
I don't want to invalidate that.
It is fucking creepy when it's high school kids at 16, 17.
If upon localization of the game, maybe they could be it's college and they're 20 years
old, you know, it's a little bit like less creepy than maybe, you know, this, some of
these concerns would probably be eased up a little bit.
I don't know.
It's also a cartoon.
They're not alive.
They don't have ages anyway.
I don't know.
It's more of the connotation of it.
Yeah, perhaps, perhaps blow those brains away.
That's fine.
It is ridiculous that people are far more concerned about violence than they are about,
um, I'm sorry, far less concerned about violence than they are about, um, sex or language or
it's, people are fucking stupid.
But if you want to play a game that oozes sexuality and femininity and is about adults,
play Bayonetta.
That's why I fucking love Bayonetta because there is room for excessiveness and over the
topness in video gaming.
Not everything has to be, you know, like a legit story, you know, like a Pulitzer Prize
writing script thing.
Like for in every movie, movie theater and every movie house and things, there's going
to be campy films.
There's going to be John Waters movies.
There's going to be the types of movies that Elvira watches and mystery science theater
3000 makes fun of.
There's a place in art for that type of stuff.
And that's where Bayonetta kind of fits for me.
Maybe we can get John Waters a telltale series.
Why hasn't John Waters a telltale game?
Pink Flamingos, the live adventure.
All right.
Anyway, they should just do a game called the quest for eggs.
Uh, over in our chat, over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, Bobby Black Wolf says, my wife walked
in right when you were describing this, she's wondering what I'm actually listening to.
Come on.
This isn't that stream.
My bad.
Sorry about that for us.
I mean, she couldn't tell my insanely nasally over the top voice describing this.
She couldn't tell it was me.
Uh, anyway, uh, dungeon buster says this sounds like a trash game, but to each their own,
here's the thing though.
Sometimes you want trash, like, can you explain to me why Taco Bell stays in business?
Because news flash, the food ain't good.
But sometimes you're craving trash.
No, no, no.
You're not craving Mexican food because Taco Bell is not Mexican food.
You're craving trash, right?
I had some friends that went to Waffle House for the first time today.
I fucking love Waffle House and it's not trash.
Shout out to Extifer and Shane who are on their adventure today.
Sometimes you're craving trashy diner food.
Waffle House is not trashy food.
It's delicious.
It's hangover food.
It is not.
I don't know.
I want unlimited waffle right now.
But you always have to order them well done because they do make their waffles a little
soggy.
All right.
Uh, and that's the 100 Matt and Chad says, wake me when a sleep away camp game comes
out.
Seriously.
Like if they had a place that would offer, you know how like I have offers like unlimited
pancakes.
I want unlimited waffles.
We're going to get unlimited waffles.
I how was I hob now?
No, it's, it's, I hob.
No one goes to your stupid restaurant for burgers.
Your burgers tastes like shit.
No one ever goes there.
Isn't that whole thing just a marketing stunt to get people to talk about it?
Like they're not actually changing their name.
I understand that, but like, I think it was a whole stunt to bring out the sassiness of
Wendy's.
But it's like, it's like, Hey, we make pancakes.
We make some fucking bomb ass pancakes.
Let's focus on these shitty ass fucking hamburgers that we make.
Why would you do that?
Why did you focus on the breakfast food?
It's good.
Your hamburgers not so much.
Because the problem is most of the I hops in America die between the hours of 1 PM and
midnight because, well, I mean, once the bars are let out, then they start filling up again.
Cause people are like, Oh, I'm drunk.
I want pancakes.
If I'm going during dinner time, I'm getting fucking pancakes because it's an I hop.
I'm not going there for fucking hamburgers.
If I want a hammer, I'll go to a million other places that are better than them, including
McDonald's and McDonald's.
Isn't even the food.
Speaking of sometimes you crave trash.
I never, I, do you know what they put in chicken nuggets?
Trash.
They're so fucking delicious.
I know, but it is just as I thought trash.
Their hamburgers though are not so great, but they are better than the I hops hamburgers.
Hey, when you're dead broke, you know, dollar hamburger works.
Tiger claw on chat says, do you know anyone that eats pancakes for lunch or dinner?
Um, yeah, I'm raising my hand.
I'm raising them both.
Breakfast for dinner is bomb.
Like yeah, it is.
I mean, you know what, O L R official challenge.
I want everyone, including the hosts, I want everyone this week, once this week to have
breakfast for dinner and send us your snaps at O L R over on Twitter.
I do this shit without a challenge.
I make, I make scram.
I make omurice at night.
You know what omurice is, right?
It's the omelet over rice.
I don't make it with ketchup cause ketchup is disgusting.
But I make omurice like regularly.
You don't, you don't have to go to I hop.
This is not a commercial for I hop.
You can, you can make your own damn pancakes.
Get out the bisque quick and make your own damn pancakes and fucking bisque quick.
I have the Birch benders pancake mix, which is delicious and craisins because it goes
amazing in their pancakes and chocolate chips.
And if you want to waffle, have a waffle.
Make that waffle bitch.
We got rid of our waffle irons.
I need a waffle iron.
Oh my God.
Why would you get rid of waffle irons and not give it to me?
My wife didn't like them.
Do you want to borrow our Hello Kitty waffle maker?
No, it's, it's cool.
I don't need the waffles like that.
I mean, I might be able to make it work if I put it in cause you know I have a Hello
Kitty.
I have like one of those, like it's not a George form.
It's a panini press.
Maybe if I put enough batter in there, that might make a weird looking like crinkle cup
waffle or something.
Well, actually the Foreman grills have a waffle tray.
That's how Alan makes waffles.
The nicer ones.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, well we have a nice Foreman grills.
Rob, can I borrow your waffle maker?
Yeah.
Cause I think my pancake batter works for waffles.
Oh yeah.
Work.
Cool.
All right.
And my work, to be honest though, my work on our cafe, we have self-serve waffles.
I wonder if I can make like, put my protein powder in it, make protein waffles.
Speaking of breakfast, let's talk about eggs, dark Sakura.
Eggman.
Eggs, eggs, it's the Eggman.
I love my eggs.
I love the Eggman.
The sad thing is there's probably like two OLR listeners that will understand that reference
whatsoever.
You know, I know that reference.
I've never seen the movie all the way through.
It's a Pink Flamingos reference for those who don't know, which I just, I feel the need.
Isn't it Edith?
Yeah, it's Edith Massey's character that she's like this old lady that sits in a crib the
whole movie.
And she loves eggs.
Yeah.
She loves the Eggman.
She gets excited when she visits.
See, you guys just don't understand.
You don't understand.
You do need the watch.
So seriously though, if you, they did this wonderful thing.
I watch a lot of this channel, Red Letter Media.
They did a retrospective on Pink Flamingos and they really do go break down all the details
of the movie.
So you got to totally watch it because it's awesome.
So it's like Game Theory, but for Pink Flamingos.
More like Gaming Historian than like for Pink Flamingos.
But they're filmmakers, so they go into like different techniques and they even go like,
what techniques?
Well, they talk about like how they feel different.
What techniques?
I don't know.
John Waters movies do have some very interesting film techniques, especially for the lower
budget stuff.
Cause you have to, when you have no budget like that, but then again, you want to see
some interesting cinematography, fucking watch Cry Baby.
MXC in chat says, Edith Massey for life.
I love her in Desperate Living.
Okay.
You got points for me for referencing Desperate Living because I mean, you have a hard enough
time finding people who've actually seen Pink Flamingos, then try to see who's seen Desperate
Living because that was like the one John Waters movie that Divine wasn't in.
And so it's like even less people have seen that somehow, but that movie is incredible.
Anyway.
I fucking love Divine.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Eggs.
Okay.
So, and I'm sure everyone knows this cause I've seen it all the fuck over Facebook, but
I figured it had to be mentioned.
Jim Carrey has been in negotiations with Paramount to play Eggman as in Dr Robotnik from Sonic
the Hedgehog.
And yes, the Sonic the Hedgehog movie is going to be a combination of live action CG.
It sounds like a fucking train wreck, but we'll see.
It has James Marsden in it and Tika Sumpter being directed by Jeff Fowler.
We'll fucking see.
I mean, I guess he could play a pretty good Eggman.
I kind of see him being able to just given the range of comedic roles that he's played
and he would definitely play a funny kind of evil.
So it makes sense to me, but at the same time, I'm just still kind of like, I'm down.
I'm down for any train wreck starring Jim Carrey.
You're a big Jim Carrey fan.
I am a big Jim Carrey fan.
I'll watch anything that he's in.
That's where Loki comes from.
Sometimes people think it's the Marvel character, but you actually got your name for the mask.
Yeah.
So it's kind of funny.
I was thinking Norse God, you know, before not referencing Marvel, but nope, Jim Carrey.
Anyway.
No, I'll check it out.
Why not?
I I'm with some of the chatters that are like, let's see a trailer.
Let's let's let's see some footage before we come to a conclusion on that.
Yeah.
I don't know how I feel.
I want to know where they're going to get the Mario and Luigi voices from for the Mario
Brothers movie that they're doing over on the others that the people that did Despicable
Me are doing that that Mario movie, right?
Because that's why we're getting Mario Land at Universal Studios are going to do a movie
as well.
So I'm kind of curious.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Actually, speaking of Mario movies, have you ever seen the anime that came out in the 80s
where Luigi has like the blue and yellow outfit?
I don't think I have.
The whole fucking thing is on YouTube and it's bad.
It is not good, but it's hilarious.
Yeah, I'm good with hilariously bad.
All right.
Just a few more stories before we get into the hilariously awesome classic peripheral
of the month.
Loki.
Yes.
So my kids are bugging me again today when we went to the GameStop to look at what we
just killed time before we went grocery shopping, but they wanted to buy Labo stuff.
And I said, no, because it's 80 dollars and fuck that shit.
And they said and they're like, why?
I'm like, well, you're going to break it and it's going to be all over the house and that's
why you can't have it.
But this is something interesting, though.
So if you like arcade games, you can get your own arcade cabinet that's cardboard for the
Nintendo Switch.
It's only 20 bucks.
It's coming out November 27th, coming out from a Nyko.
And it's this cute little cabinet that you can put your joy cons in.
They even have little like joystick add ons for your analog sticks.
And yeah, it looks like you can customize it.
They have sticker sheets with pixels on them.
They can make pixel art. It's 20 dollars way better than 80 dollars.
So that's good.
I like that they're kind of branching out and doing more stuff with Labo.
Yeah, definitely. Well, I mean, yeah, absolutely.
So and this is kind of neat, too.
Now, this is something else for like arcade fans, too.
You may remember that they're getting a lot of different games that have vertical screen
support. So like Ikaruga, for example, the arcade archives Donkey Kong.
Was another thing. So now there's this Kickstarter for an accessory for the switch called the
Flip Grip, and the Flip Grip allows you to actually put the screen in a vertical orientation
and be able to snap the joy cons in there as well.
So you can play vertical games without having to balance the screen really funky in order
to actually make that happen.
So that's pretty cool.
Basically, it says right now the let's see what they've got left on it.
So they had quite a bit to go in the campaign.
And I think I think you didn't have the pledge too much to actually get one of these.
So there's still no, actually, they've hit their goal.
So they had seven days to go right now.
There are one hundred and nine thousand of forty two thousand dollars, so they've made it
there. If you want one of these flip grips, you can pay twelve bucks.
And they're estimated they're going to deliver those on sometime in 2018.
Looks like November. So neat.
All right, well, if all that expansion in the Labo universe and associated universe wasn't
enough, guess what?
Now, Nintendo Labo products can be used with actual switch games.
Yeah, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe was patched this week to be compatible with Nintendo Labo.
So you can actually use the little like motorcycle type of little thing that you can make
out of the Labo little motorcycle head.
You can now use that as like an official controller type in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.
So because Mario Kart also lets you do motorcycles, some people forget it's not just
karts, but you can do motorcycles in that game.
So it's it's pretty legit.
So, yeah, motion controls, cardboard button presses, all of that will work.
So that's kind of fun.
So you can do that. And Nintendo says it's not going to stop there.
Nintendo has said there will be more.
It is the first game outside of Nintendo Labo to receive Toy-Con support.
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is.
More titles will be compatible with Nintendo Labo in the future.
Please look forward to it.
Neat. Yeah, kind of neat.
I mean, I don't want to fill my house up with all this fucking cardboard, but I like that
there's, you know, options.
And who knows, maybe something will be really compelling where I've got to try it.
I'm wondering if it will be possible to laminate all that cardboard or to seal it with
like some sort of resin.
Maybe that would give it some sort of permanence.
How about a music game that actually uses that piano keyboard mania on the switch?
There was someone that was actually an indie game that was doing that.
Oh, cool. So I don't know.
That would be awesome. I would love that.
So. All right.
And JD in chat says, I wish I could buy the piano separately.
You know, if they start releasing stuff like that, maybe you will be able to maybe you'll be
able to buy the motorcycle stuff separately.
I mean, this is where Labo's at now.
Like half the price.
I mean, it just honestly is really expensive.
I'm kind of surprised Nintendo isn't putting out a little more for the holidays.
Fucking cardboard.
Like I get the game took some development and everything.
But dude, come on.
It's fucking cardboard.
Now, here we are back to the debate from several weeks and actually to to your point.
No, no. To the point, though, if you are looking for just the piano or something like that
and you can find a used copy of the game, you could do that, because remember, they do
sell each of the pieces separately.
You can buy the replacement parts.
I just don't know if you can find it.
Use. All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about let's talk about an old school peripheral.
You know, back when everything back when your peripherals were not made out of cardboard,
they were made out of other stuff.
It's the classic game of the week.
And every week, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
hey, you little brats, you should be checking this out or you can just go kick rocks.
Anyway, once a month, Dark Sakura does the classic peripheral of the month.
Since we weren't here last week, which would have been the end of June, Dark Sakura's behind
on the peripherals. So tonight is actually June's peripheral.
Yes, I know it's July 1st, but we're just going to ask you to deal with it.
So Dark Sakura, what is the classic peripheral of the month?
I chose the Rez trans vibrator.
Which great pick.
And contrary to popular parody, the trans vibrator was really not intended to be a sex
toy. Sorry, kids.
Even though Screw Attack ranked it as the number one best gaming peripheral because of
that reason. There was a whole article about it.
It was actually pretty funny.
But anyway, one of the points for Rez was to bring about the sense of synesthesia.
And if no one if you don't know what synesthesia is, it actually is something that
people like me who have autism or are autistic experience.
Not everyone does, but some of us do.
It's where one set of sensations trigger another section, almost like, for example,
people who say they can taste colors.
The theory is that their receptors in their brain that that process color goes through
their their taste sensation area as well.
Is that similar to that ASMR stuff where like you kind of hear somebody like, you know,
playing with the lady eating the pickles really slowly in the video, right in the
microphone, right? That whole like people like feel the tingles in their neck.
Is that similar to that?
It's similar, but not quite like there's a type of synesthesia.
I was actually watching a thing about it where I got this one particular person
perceives numbers as patterns.
So it actually triggers like a pattern sense.
You know how people can usually pick up patterns and things.
It triggers a pattern sense and he can do almost any math, thinkable without having
any background training or any advanced mathematics studies just by paying attention
to the patterns that form in his brain.
He can recite pie practically to infinity.
He did it to like, I want to say, a hundred points was pretty crazy.
Now, me, I do have synesthesia myself.
For me, it triggers anything that has to do with writing, reading and sound.
Anything that has to do with that all goes through my spatial awareness myself.
So I get a sense of architecture with things that I read or things that I listen to.
That's why I can't listen to some things because it will just make me feel like I'm
claustrophobic. Seriously.
So back to the trans vibrator, it is it's supposed to add to this experience of
synesthesia where you have this device that provides haptic feedback.
It's one of it's an early experiment, I'd say, into, you know, more recent technology
that uses haptic feedback.
I mean, our Apple watches Rob haptic feedback.
So at any rate, it was requested by Mizuguchi when he was designing the game and
wanting to do he was actually going through the arcade division that they wanted
cockpit chairs that would vibrate in time with the music.
And even though that didn't come about, he wanted to also use the DualShock controller
for haptic feedback in rez as well.
But it wasn't strong enough.
So he went to ASCII to design a peripheral that would function like the DualShock to
be stronger. And so in the special package version of the PlayStation 2 release of
rez included a USB haptic feedback called a device called a trans vibrator, which is
about a mouse sized peripheral that pulses in time with music.
And it was designed to either be held or put in a pocket or some people would sit on it.
You know, it had a pouch on it and the pouch could be cleaned, by the way.
So it meant to be hygienic, but you could get a closer sense of synesthesia.
It wasn't true synesthesia, but it engaged another sense to go along with the playing
and interacting with the game.
You know, and again, people will almost turn anything into something sexual because of
course they will. And so there were all the parodies around the game with that.
Like putting it in your vagina.
Yeah, but not.
At any rate, it also is compatible, though, with two other games.
One of them is with Space Channel 5 Part 2 and another with the Japanese version of
Disaster Report.
They did do some aftermarket versions.
Well, you can still buy them on aftermarket retailers.
There are some third party versions of the same thing.
They go for about 60 bucks, depending on where you find it.
They also did reverse engineer the trans vibrators.
So now they have PC drivers out for it so that you can now it was for Windows XP and
Windows 2000, but I'm sure that other people have updated those drivers for current
systems. And on top of that, a guy named Sam Hocovar, if I pronounced that right, wrote
a driver for the Linux kernel.
So now it works for Linux, which makes me think that we would be able to have there's
got to be Mac drivers for it, too, because, I mean, they're both Unix, so whatever.
And then while the trans vibrator never had any other kind of re-release and they made
a nod to it in Res HD, where you can use up to three additional controllers to add that
trans vibration function back into the game.
And I know I've been trying to avoid peripherals that are used for very specific
purposes, even though I've done the twin sticks, because other games will use the twin
sticks. But this one is so iconic because it really is because, first of all, the major
demand for it that was out at the time and even now people still go for it.
I mean, I wouldn't mind it's one thing I don't have in my collection, but there are
people, you know, who just immediately think of that need to either think of the screw
check joke, lol, haha, dildo, or, you know, think of it in terms of that collecting thing.
And there's usually general, oh, I remember that.
Not that.
Yeah, so I think it's worthy enough to be on the peripheral of the list.
And I like that they've tried to emulate it since then, like when they did Res on the
360, like the controller would kind of vibrate and you could.
Yeah, you put the extra controllers and I guess some people are talking about how
Luminous Remastered kind of does something with it on the Switch.
It really does set a precedence for that because now, I mean, well, if you think about
it too, we were already sort of having things like this in theaters, like with Captain
Neo, remember?
Oh, yeah.
You'd feel the music through your chair.
40.
Right.
And there's been a concept that's been around for a while, but we never really had anything
like that incorporated into our games pretty much until this game.
Yeah.
I mean, there were others that tried.
I mean, there was also like Sega on the Saturn.
There were some fucking weird ass games, like the ones where it was all meant to be played
without the screen.
You played it by sound or the one that like grows your flowers, grow seeds while you're
playing the damn game.
You know, weird stuff like that, that tried to engage other things.
But this was really the one that really brought that sensory feedback into, I think, modern
gaming.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic peripheral of the month, the Res trans vibrator.
The dildo.
Whatever.
We're going to take a quick break, but don't go anywhere, guys.
We've got plenty more OLR to come, including your emails, some rapid fire news and your
calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype and more gaming news, including a
story about the latest going ons in the PUBG legal drama and some changes in the next Mega
Man collection, the Mega Man X collection.
We'll talk all about all of that when we come back after this break with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live, episode number 736 in progress
for this July 1st of 2018.
And as we said at the top of the show, happy Canada Day to all of our friends up north.
Hope you guys had a good day.
And I know this week would be the 4th of July for those of us down here in the States.
A nice day off of work.
I don't know if you guys have anything fun planned or if you're going to set off fireworks
or as my mom used to call it, you might as well just set the money on fire.
It's just as effective as those safe and sane fireworks are.
Loki, you seem like a fireworks kind of guy.
Are you going to buy some fireworks and set them off?
No, I'm too smart to not buy those fireworks anymore.
Those lame safe and they're just garbage.
Yeah, it's just you might as well forget it.
Jamie, you and Dan used to buy some and set them off.
Are you doing that this year?
No, because I have to go to bed at 8 o'clock because I have to work at 5 a.m.
the next day.
Yeah, so I'm going to be using my noise canceling earplugs.
There you go.
And my light canceling eye mask and to cancel the world out.
And furthermore, with the current state of this country,
I don't think there's anything we're celebrating.
So fuck it.
Yeah, nothing to celebrate.
We have now completely turned away from what this country was founded to be.
So fuck them.
We should celebrate everybody who registers to vote.
That's what we should be celebrating.
So, yes, if you live in the United States and you also are completely disgusted with
what's going on, don't just sit on your ass and fucking complain about it.
Register the fuck to vote.
And if you have registered to vote, I would like to see you go in and actually vote besides that,
too.
But go on, go on, go on Twitter and just post.
OLR says vote.
All right.
Make a tag of it.
OLR says vote.
All right.
I'll be looking for you.
OLR says...
I might even send you a Pride edition Cards Against Humanity glitter pack.
Oh, God.
Did you get the ones with glitter in it?
I bought five of them.
I love it.
All right.
Let's get into it.
OLR says it's time for rapid fire news.
Or, oh, as Bobby Blackwolf says in Chad and Old Slogan,
vote or P Diddy will kill you.
Vote or D Se will kill you.
Anyway, I actually realized Dark Sakura has the same initials as a 3DS.
Anyway, so up to your interpretation, if a Nintendo system will kill you or if Dark Sakura
will.
Anyway, let's get into some rapid fire news.
I'm sneakier.
Loki, it's that time of the year.
It's the beginning of a new month, which means there's more new free games you get for paying
for online.
So starting with PlayStation Plus, in July, we're getting Heavy Rain and Absolver on
PlayStation 4.
PlayStation 3 is getting Raymond 3 HD and Deception 4, the Nightmare Princess.
And on the Vita, Space Overlords and Zero Escape, Zero Time Dilemma.
So that's pretty awesome.
I don't know if there's any other cross play.
Don't see any.
So we'll have to take it from there.
And then, of course, on the Microsoft side of things, for the Xbox One, for the whole
month of July, you'll be getting Assault Android Cactus for free.
And then from the second half or from the halfway point in July through the halfway
point in August, Death Squared will be free.
And then as part of the Xbox 360 and also compatible with Xbox One, Virtua Fighter 5,
the final showdown is going to be coming July 1st through the 15th and Tom Clancy's
Splinter Cell Conviction for the second half of July.
All right.
And then, in case you're living under a rock, there is a new Overwatch character and it
is a hamster in a giant ball that's a death machine.
So Hammond or Wrecking Ball, I guess, is going to be the character's name, is the new
tank character in the game.
And he shoots stuff.
He rolls around in a ball, has a grappling hook.
It's all the things that you want in a robot hamster.
Ball.
And I'm down.
It looks awesome.
I fucking love Hammond or as they call it, Wrecking Balls, the actual game by Hammond.
The little cam.
Little ham.
Hamtaro.
I love it.
So, yeah, super cute.
I love what people are doing on Twitch, too, with like the races and things like that.
Like they're racing the little balls on the map.
It's adorable.
I've saw some where there's people just spinning around stuff.
Why wouldn't you?
Yeah.
So I haven't played the public test realm yet for this new character, but yeah, it's
going to be interesting.
I can't wait to try it.
Did you see the Overwatch cartoon that someone made where the cat has a mecha?
No.
It was pretty funny.
I found it on Facebook.
There was, you know, I remember Blizzard from one of their panels from an old Blizzcon or
something showed all these Overwatch characters that didn't make the cut because they brainstormed
a ton because there was one based off of that one.
I don't remember the name of the movie.
It's one of those kung fu movies and it has the older lady with the curlers in her hair.
Oh, Kung Fu Hustle.
Yeah.
Was that it?
And so, um, like she, like they had a character.
It was basically her that they cut, unfortunately, but they also had jetpack cat.
That's awesome.
So it's like, okay, if fucking.
I say we need to go full on, you know, crazy.
Just all of this shit that you'd said, nah, nah, it's, it's too crazy.
No, bring it all back.
That's right.
We need to make this president cat level.
That's right.
Canvassing president jet pack cat.
All right.
If somebody at Blizzard really loves me, they'll make that president jet pack cat or he's got
to be the president or something.
Anyway, uh, let's move on.
So, uh, one of the reasons I was out last week is again, I was in Chicago and I was
going to pride in Chicago, just like dark soccer was at San Francisco pride.
I marched in pride.
Yes.
It was amazing.
Well, sadly, the pride event we weren't at was Seattle, but to be fair, there were lots
of pride events all around the country last week and, um, throughout the month of June
and some have them a different time of the year, just depending on what's going on in
your town.
But the reason why I bring it up and yes, it is video game related because at the Seattle
pride parade, Nintendo actually marched in the parade as did Niantic.
Nintendo actually had these stickers.
They were given away that said, play it proud.
And they had little rainbows on them.
Uh, the, the employees are giving out the sticker and I think that's a really cool.
Um, so we actually saw some tweets out there from some of the employees in Nintendo, including
Jose Otero and Bill Trennan.
So, um, yeah, that's really cool.
I wish I could have seen that, but I bet some of you in Seattle did.
And, uh, you know, I know that the whole like corporations with rainbow logos and kind of
jumping in on pride month.
I know it's a little bit controversial because some people kind of feel like, Oh, they just
show up for pride month and try to get the gay dollars.
Then they run away.
But you know what?
I remember a time when nobody wanted to touch these issues.
So I mean, it kind of warms my heart in many ways to see like Nintendo with rainbow flags
and employees like marching in the parade.
Cause that's awesome.
Cause you know, I remember a time in my life when I turned to video games because I kind
of didn't think there was anything else.
So, you know, let's have a moment here.
All right.
Anyway, uh, moving from a serious topic like that to a less serious topic, but apparently
very serious for some people.
And that would be the exclusion of Waluigi from Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
Or, uh, he's a, uh, a support character, I suppose.
Apparently Reggie Fils-Aime has been asked about it in an interview with Vice.
Jesus Christ, this is the level of fuckery we've gotten to.
And, uh, Reggie Fils-Aime said, clearly Nintendo does not hate Waluigi.
I look, Reggie is on record.
You guys, Nintendo does not hate Waluigi.
Stop it.
They have to like, they have to add more characters as it goes along.
I mean, this isn't the full roster that they announced, obviously.
But basically he's pushed it off on Sakurai because it's his game saying Mr.
Sakurai will be aware of the groundswell of support that appeared for Waluigi.
And in the end, it's his decision to make.
They will bring him in there.
He'll be a character by the time the game comes out.
Or DLC.
He'll be in the roster.
Right.
But he's, he's an assist trophy right now.
They're going to have to take out that assist trophy because you don't have
characters that are also assist trophies.
I'm sure they can remove this trophy.
It's Waluigi.
He can do anything.
I like that.
That's a good perspective.
I also found, by the way, that everything that I thought about his name is actually
accurate, that it is the pun that I thought it was.
Because Walui would be, means bad or sick.
And so in the G part would be like for person.
So he just means his name means bad person.
Ranma in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says Waluigi is trash.
Fuck him.
Go away Waluigi.
No one likes you.
Wow.
The views and opinions expressed in our chat room do not reflect those of VOG Network or
ourselves.
Here's that's, that's some powerful words.
It's funny that he has a thing for Daisy and she's like, bitch, no.
To which, to which I say, Ranma, to which I say, wah, that stupid noise is never going
to get old.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com
use the passphrase, butcher.
What are you drinking over there?
You're pretty satisfied.
I mixed the last of my blackberries in with that orange juice that did steal over that
coconut water.
Yeah.
Made myself my own little delicious cocktail and I get to eat blackberries when I'm done.
She just mixed a little bit of everything.
Actually, it's kind of a purple drink.
I think I would call that a Waluigi.
I'll take a picture of it.
You all know because it's actually delicious and doesn't make me sick.
An official Waluigi drink here at OLR.
All right.
Then you just have to add a little bit of vodka to top it off.
All right.
Well, you know, oh, by the way, I did finish another infused vodka.
I know.
I saw the pictures of rose petals, right?
I'd made rose petal vodka and I would be willing to share it with people if they're interested.
Uh, let's move on.
Dark Sakura, before you take pictures, you got to do some rapid fire news stories of
your own.
Well, I just took the picture because I can fucking multitask like a bitch.
So anyway, um, also Nintendo is doing some good things for us.
Well, they've already done it and it's probably already sold out by now, but they brought
back the NES classic edition on June 29th.
So two days ago from today, um, they've released it for $59.99.
Just like when it released in November, 2016 has all the same consoles on it.
Like, you know, Super Mario Brothers, Donkey Kong, Pac-Man, um, and the SNES classic edition
is still in production.
Um, but good luck finding them.
I mean, seriously, I've, I've, I've, I've heard from some people who said that they
found them like at, you know, Walmart, which I don't support and other stores.
So you may still be lucky.
So if you want it, go and get it while you can.
And I have the final totals for Summer Games Done Quick, which I watched the shit out of.
I saw the countdown when they were trying to reach 2 million.
It was pretty epic.
Um, the total donation amount, um, was, uh, $2,128,069.
And that is over 35,000 people donating.
The average donation by people was about $60 a donation.
I donated, um, Dan and I did.
Um, and I would actually like to say that when we go up for Awesome Games Done Quick,
I was actually thinking of, of putting it out there to our listeners of starting like
a small fund so that we could do a mass donation in the name of Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, donate so we can donate, donate so we can donate big.
Exactly.
You know, interesting.
And I would encourage everyone to do, you know, the little bit here and there.
But I think that if we start accumulating the donations, we can make out that one big
massive check so that we can ensure that the animals will be killed on the snow.
I save the animals so we can see that little pixel fly off the planet.
The animals will be killed.
No, save the animals.
Save the frames.
Save the animals.
You're a terrible human being.
All right.
Yeah.
JD says, where would you accept donations to that wouldn't take a percentage fee?
My hand.
No, give me, give me money.
I'll work on it.
Yeah, we'll see.
Okay.
Dark soccer is going to work on it.
All right.
Meanwhile, let's travel the world and check out some release dates.
Loki.
There's not much.
I mean, honestly, July is usually a very dead month when it comes to game releases.
So we've got two.
We've got run bow coming out on Nintendo switch.
And then your pun title of the week, red faction gorilla, the remarse stirred edition.
That's on PC.
That's it.
All right.
Well, let's see what the news is like in Japan.
On July the 5th on PlayStation four.
Zankai zero is out as well as a classic edition of far cry three.
And that's really it for Japan this week on the PlayStation four.
PlayStation Vita also gets that Zankai zero as well as a game called seven days.
Not to be confused with the ring.
It's actually called seven days.
Anata two.
So Guso.
Nano Kaka comes out.
I didn't realize that on the Vita in the U S did you know next week on the Vita in the U S
good old, uh, OLR favorite title.
Muv Luv is coming out in the U S we're getting our own.
It's that same company that got denied the, uh, the, uh, translation.
Anyway, plus rapture, uh, nothing on the switch this week.
It is a quiet week on the switch in Japan.
So there's your Japanese releases.
How about the UK dark soccer on the third?
And really the third is the only day with stuff coming out.
We have drastic world evolution for Xbox and PlayStation.
We had red faction gorilla remastered again, same, uh, consoles.
And also on the same consoles is Warhammer 40 K Inquisitor martyr.
That is it.
Symphony.
All right, let's get to the mailbag.
We'll have to read fast too.
Cause every week you guys send us emails and sometimes we read them.
I have hiccups.
I'm just going to turn it over to Jamie.
I hate radio guys.
Biggest nightmare is hitting me right now.
So Jamie, take it away.
Participate at orange.radio.com.
I'm going to be reading fast cause Jamie's got to go.
Cause she's got work in the morning.
Hi guys.
Just wanted to bring up a few things from last up.
So that kind of struck a nerve with me.
This kind of long email.
Sorry.
Regardless, I still have been a fan of the show for years.
I will continue to listen.
First thing I hope I didn't hear the wrong way and clarify if I am,
but dark soccer mentioned the kids included in last of us.
Part two is some sort of tokenism.
I see his growth of the character and the last of us left behind.
We saw Ellie lose her best friend who in the end realized she had feelings for
the writing.
The performances felt incredibly natural and it wasn't shoehorned in.
I feel like this writing was present in the last of us part two trailer as well
and left behind has earned the believability of her sexuality.
And her sexuality isn't pointed out in an obnoxious way throughout the
entirety of the last of us.
The question to this is what is the right way of presenting LGBT characters
in a trailer?
And is it any representation of LGBT in a big event like E3 tokenism?
First of all, I've never played last of us.
So I have any idea about the character story and kind of don't give a shit
cause I don't want to play last of us.
But to be fair, you did call it tokenism.
I said it seemed like tokenism or if I called it tokenism is more that I
thought it seemed like it cause on the surface, you know, it seems like
something that a big company is going to do is throw a bone to try to attract
a more diverse audience.
Right.
You know, here's the thing.
I wouldn't put it past Sony.
I haven't played the games either because I'm just not big on scary
zombie type games right here.
However, I was aware because we talked about it a couple or a year or two
ago when that DLC came out.
I remember the big reveal about her sexuality in the DLC.
So therefore, I know that this is something that's been and as the
emailer kind of points out, it was developed then.
And so that's why to me, I'm kind of like, okay, I mean, this isn't just
like surprise, everybody's gay.
Like this isn't like that type of thing.
So I, I think what they did was appropriate, but that's, that's a
personal perspective.
Again, I'm not a lesbian.
I'm also ace.
So I don't really see what the fuck point there is that any type of
romantic subplot is going to add to a game anyway.
It's just, I mean, okay.
I like it for Mass Effect cause for me, that's like 50% of BioWare games
is who you're going to romance.
But the same thing anyway is just, I'm, I'm, I'm actually a really a lot
more as of late.
Why does there have to be fucking romance involved in the game anyway?
Well, just to, to, to kind of put the email in perspective, I think as
part of this, cause I think this is written respectfully and you know,
they say they're a fan.
Um, what if the next, let's say the next big reveal is Mass Effect 4 and
in the Mass Effect 4 trailer, they show, uh, Shepard is back magically
somehow space magic.
Shepard is back and Shepard makes out with Kayden in the trailer.
Is that going to be tokenism?
Well, no, because you can also pick whoever you fucking romance in a
Mass Effect game.
Okay.
Fair, fair.
So there is, there is that choice involved.
And besides that, my Shepard is always female.
So I instantly thought femshep.
Okay.
So if femshep makes out with Liara in the trailer, is that tokenism?
Well, they are technically agendered.
Yeah.
How about they all have sex with everybody?
No, I'm just kidding.
Okay.
That's fine.
All right.
No, my thought is because again, I don't play that game.
I don't know that game.
I haven't really been interested in that game.
If it's something that's been in development, that's great.
I just think this, that if it's something that was expected, then that's one thing.
And I'll take it back in the case of this game.
But if they'd like say introduce new game and they have two girls kissing
that if we don't have any context around it, then it can seem very much like,
Oh, by the way, gay stuff.
Come on people.
So it's kind of like the corporate logos in rainbow.
It's not about, yeah, it's like the corporate logos in rainbow.
Put up or shut it up type of thing.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You can't have a rainbow logo.
Now that I, you know, know a little bit more about the character, then that's fine.
I'm fine with it.
I don't care.
It's clearly not tokenism in that case.
But if it was just like random trailer new game, if Anthem had two girls making out while
two boys are making out and then two completely weird tentacle aliens are making out that
are clearly of whatever the gender is in their particular species.
Yes.
That would seem a little bit, by the way, rainbow logos.
Come on.
BioWare loves you gays.
Exactly.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
I mean, to be fair, I get the perspective kind of you're coming from as well.
So yeah.
Okay.
Second, why is everyone comparing games to other things is kind of annoying to me.
Starlink isn't as open as No Man's Sky and has a narrative present throughout the trailers.
It has very little semblance to it.
And I don't think it's fair to compare games to others.
This affected games like Battleborn, for example, which had MOBA gameplay, unlike Overwatch.
Even then, if something is similar to another game, it can present competition and iteration,
which can improve the gaming industry.
For example, Fortnite and PUBG, which are two different games of the same genre, or
Tomb Raider and Uncharted.
People like to have, though...
I mean, and this is something that I don't know, because I'm honestly not a big fan of
comparisons along those lines.
But at the same time, people like to link it to something that's familiar to them.
Exactly.
It's how we tend to describe things.
Like, if I were to say, like, I have to do this all the time.
Like, we'll be out playing Pokemon Go.
And then I'm like, hold on, I got to switch to Ingress real fast.
What's Ingress?
How do you play Ingress?
And I have to kind of catch myself going, well, it's kind of like Pokemon Go.
Even though in the back of my head, I'm like, it's actually nothing like Pokemon Go.
But like, that's how this person is going to know it because they play Pokemon Go.
So at least they're going to understand how the real world kind of locations play into it.
So I think sometimes you kind of like have to compare to be able to explain something
to someone.
But really, the best way to know it is to try it your damn self.
Well, it's sort of like the same thing for me.
Like, if I go on Facebook, okay, and say, you know, I hate marshmallows.
And someone goes, well, I love marshmallows.
And I hate this, this and this.
I'm like, well, what the fuck do those other things have to do with the fact that marshmallows
are fucking disgusting?
Well, here's the thing.
I love marshmallows, but you have every right to hate them because I also know that you
have your thing.
I like mayonnaise.
I hate mayonnaise.
I hate ketchup.
You like it.
Do you know what the perfect solution is to this problem?
Dark Sakura?
You can have the marshmallows and I'll have the mayonnaise.
Oh, my God.
If only we knew how to solve all of our problems.
Oh, I thought it was, you know, putting mayonnaise inside of marshmallows.
No, even that.
Now, given I grew up.
And if you ever watch Emmy made in Japan, she tried this.
I grew up eating mayonnaise on pears.
It's a Southern thing.
Don't you?
I will take the marshmallows.
You may have the mayonnaise, but marshmallows are disgusting and so is ketchup.
Anyway, third, Sony have been releasing games in the spring and summer seasons rather than
the fall and winter seasons.
Lately, they're less likely to have more games this year after E3, they released God of War
in Detroit, become human this year, and we'll have Spider-Man in September.
Those are some big games.
Hopefully dreams can have a beta in winter and released in the spring.
I do agree, however, that their games are becoming similar to that uncharted slash The
Last of Us third person cinematic stealth action gameplay formula.
To be honest, I'm not that interested in their lineup either.
Death Stranding especially looks incredibly dull to me as someone who hasn't played the
Metal Gear Solid games.
Once again, I really like listening to the show every week.
I look forward to the discussion.
That's from Multi.
Thank you for a very good and well thought out and actually decently grammar email.
And I think you are right on the Sony thing about how they have a lot of these similar
types of games, but it does well for them.
I mean, look how well received Uncharted and Last of Us and those games do like people
want more of it.
So that's what Sony's delivering.
They latch on to what's going to make the money.
I do want to read one comment from our chat.
I know you're trying to run through these dark soccer, but I think this is a really
good response to the whole tokenism thing.
So JD in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com said it's hard to get actual LGBT representation
without romance.
We're more than who we love, but there's a long tradition of not showing that as a means
of erasing us.
That's a very interesting perspective and kind of right.
Like, is there a way to be lesbian, gay, without having or transgender, let's say?
Because remember in transgender is not a sexuality, though.
It's not.
But here's my point.
Because Mass Effect Andromeda caught a lot of shit because you had that character that
was dead named herself.
Exactly.
I'm transgender.
Look at me.
I'm transgender and I'm going to do all these things that a transgender person actually
would never do.
I do know I have a couple of trans friends who will just be upfront about it.
You may have known me as this, or if we were in the same circles, you might have known
this name.
That was me then.
You know, I've known people who've said that, but usually they were people that you knew
or the people that I knew.
Right.
As they were going through this transition.
Yeah.
But at the same time, yeah, you're correct.
No one's really going to dead name themselves.
Anyway, I don't want to drag it out, but I just thought that was a really good point
from JD.
But also, though, my thing, too, is, though, and I'm not referring necessarily to romance
in the case of it being a gay romance.
I have a thing.
It just seems like romance has become such an integral part to any game or movie or book.
People have to be fucking or something or falling in love.
And I'm like, can't you have a relationship in a book or movie or a game that is based
on really strong friendship?
Or how about something where the thing you learn to love is yourself?
Because if you can't love yourself, how the hell you gonna love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
Next email.
Okay.
I've been listening to the show for a while, and I was wondering who is this, Ron?
By the way, it's R-A-N-M-A, just letting you know.
This is also from another Jamie, which is great.
I don't have a nickname on here, though.
Guy that calls in when you open the Skyplines, you all seem to be friends and have some history.
I have no idea of if I even said his name correctly.
Lol.
Explain this person.
Lol.
By the way, I've listened to damn near every gaming podcast, and OLR feels like home base
for me.
I look forward to hearing you all every week.
Oh, thank you, Name Twin.
Thank you.
Ron has been our buddy for an age.
He's been there practically since the beginning, you know, through the live 365 era.
He's been with us for an age.
He's been out here.
We've gone to conventions.
He has his own show called Anime Jam Session with his buddies.
Yes.
And he's just a really awesome guy.
And on top of that,
And he needs to not pay his friends money to write emails about him.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm totally kidding.
I'm kidding.
But I've, you know, we've all we've become really just good friends anyway.
I mean, I'd consider him part of part of our family here.
Oh, for sure.
And the thing is, emailer, before we did not know Ranma before this show.
We know Ranma and many people that call in, not just Ranma, but many of the regulars.
You know, we love our regulars.
We love new people, too.
Everybody should feel free to call in and participate.
It's for everybody.
It's where every gamer has a voice.
But like, there are so many people that we have met and become friends with and do feel
like family because of this show.
And it is it is a feeling I can't really describe.
We find our tribe.
We've created this thing.
Yeah, we find our tribe.
I like that.
We sure do.
That's a good note to end that on.
You know, we have one last email.
Merry evening, peoples.
By the way, this is Redertainment.
I've noticed an odd thing in an article posted by an outlet.
Sky has stated he has reservations about Polygon.
This, hold on, let me find the article real quick.
So the article here is the seven year old Sims mobile game is being pulled from Chinese
app stores.
The headline of the story leads with the game being removed from Chinese app stores.
But the other six countries affected by this are predominantly Muslim countries.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, Kuwait, Qatar and Egypt.
The article also cites a source from a company manager from EA that the game is being removed
for regional standards.
Speculation among fans is that the content is being removed.
Wait, never mind.
I skipped to the same line again.
Speculation among fans is that the content is being removed because of regional standards
in Muslim countries.
I'd like to join that speculation.
It is my honest belief that this game was pulled from the app stores that are predominantly
Muslim countries because the game no longer meets the regional standards of those countries.
Remove the game from Chinese app stores at the same time may just be coincidence.
Anyway, the point of me sending this email, why lead with the game being removed from
Chinese app stores when the game is being removed from many countries, from many countries
app stores, most of whom are majority Muslim?
Isn't the game being removed from the app store of majority Muslim countries the lead?
Bottom line, Sky is correct to distrust articles from Polygon.
Yes, Sky is correct.
Pause to allow for gloating.
Stay black.
Redertainment.
I distrust headlines from a lot of places.
Here, you know, articles are not right.
Or, you know, most websites are not writing articles with headlines to accurately reflect
what's in the story anymore.
They're writing headlines to get you to click on on Facebook.
I mean, that's the reality.
So, you know, US versus China is very in right now.
Thanks to all this talk about terror tariffs and all this stuff you see on the national
news.
I'm not going to get into politics, but that's the reality is US versus China is super in
right now.
So, I think that's what you're seeing with some of that, you know.
To be fair, as much as I don't want to give this particular website credit, I will, because
I'm a fair person.
To be fair, the population of China is much bigger than any other country in the world.
So, it is fair to kind of lead off with China because it is the most populated.
But I think an accurate headline would have been game is removed.
Your larger world power.
Game was removed from eight countries or whatever the total number was.
I'm sorry, I didn't catch the whole number, but may have been a more accurate reflection
of what's going on.
But anyway, Bobby Blackwell in chat says, also realized that on most web websites, the author
of the article does not write the headline.
The editor does after reading the article.
That's a very good point.
JD also brings up, it might also be that China has its own internet and therefore its own
app store.
So, some thoughts from our chatters.
Any other emails or was that it?
That was it.
And on that note, I will bid everyone a fond adieu for the evening.
Well, thanks for being here.
As always, Dark Sakura, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
I'm going to fucking eat another one of these chocolates.
I don't care how sick it makes me because it's amazing.
They are pretty fucking good, aren't they?
Oh my God, yes.
Enjoy.
All right, there you go.
So, if you want to send us an email for a future week, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
We're going to get into some more news and I'm going to apologize because I can't seem
to get rid of these hiccups, but I'm going to do my best.
So, let's go to Loki to get some gaming news.
All right, so this is unfortunate.
There is a whole issue with companies suing other companies for copying things.
So, for example, you know, you had the folks at Bluehole that were suing Epic Games for
copying.
No, I don't know.
Don't they use bleach?
They probably don't.
Weren't you leaving?
You're the one who brought it back stuff earlier, I'm just saying.
So, unfortunately, you know, they were accused of copying something and we'll get to that
in a little bit, but this is another game that actually has been on my radar because
I have it in my, I want list for Steam.
It's a game called Donut Country.
It's a sort of, I guess, sort of like a reverse katamari game.
So, basically, you have a hole that you control that you suck up things in and as, you know,
things fall into the hole, the hole gets bigger and you can drop more things into the hole.
So, this game's been in development for a while and because of that and with the new
information that's been out there, somebody has stolen that idea and put out a game called
Hole.io because that's so fucking clever.
Holy moly.
It's on the iOS store and, you know, I went into this endeavor to make something meaningful
to people and spent a long time trying to figure out what it looks like.
I had to make all the little details myself.
I wanted it to matter.
They just took the elevator pitch, the unique selling point.
It is the message that can, it's the message that content doesn't matter.
The message is if you can find the content for free, take it.
So, that's kind of unfortunate that someone kind of stole the concept of the game, but
I'm looking for the actual game coming out.
And I guess this is why companies don't announce stuff way in advance anymore because people
will just flat out fucking steal it.
Yeah.
So, I mean, there's a lot of games that are kind of like that.
So, I don't know.
And apparently, I think this company has been doing this for a while.
There's other companies, you know, they've had that ridiculous fish scene had an issue.
There was a different publisher that released a game called Ninja Fishing that was very
similar.
There was, I guess, another, I don't know.
It just, it's unfortunate.
But, you know, honestly, though, even though they stole the premise of the game, it's going
to come out to the polish.
And I think that this whole this game is going to be much more polished when it comes out.
This other like whole IO thing was just made using like Unity assets from the store, like
$20 Unity assets, right?
Yeah, it looks really cheap.
Silly.
And I mean, that's you see that a lot of times he's really fast, like kind of make a quick
buck game.
So, whatever.
I mean, it does suck, but true quality wins out in the end, usually.
All right.
So, the latest and greatest of what's going on in EA Star Wars drama.
So, you might remember in October, EA shut down Visceral Games that was working on a
secret Star Wars project.
And Amy Henning, who is famous for Uncharted, kind of going back to that email earlier,
was a big part of this.
But Amy Henning left the company and there was really no talk about what happened to
the game, what happened to anything with this.
Well, at a conference called Game Lab in Barcelona this past week, Amy Henning talked to Eurogamer
about how she actually left EA in January of this year and was starting up her own new
independent studio, but hadn't had a chance to announce what's going on or talk about
what it is.
Apparently, she was asked about, is she still the creative director of a Star Wars project?
The reply was, I'm not.
I haven't worked at EA since January, technically legally.
This is the problem.
It was hard enough for them, but people were immediately asking them, is Amy working with
you?
And the answer was, well, we're in negotiations, you know, because that's the way these things
go.
I haven't been in, but look, I get along with all those people.
I consider even the guys on the executive team friends, but it made it awkward because
it was like, I never got the chance to announce that I'm not at EA, so I just need to pull
off that bandaid at some point, but also had nothing to announce.
It makes it sound like I just went home, but I'm doing all this stuff, working on all kinds
of things.
And thanks to that last story, you know why she isn't talking about them.
Yes, because somebody would probably just steal them, but she's working independently
and that's what's going on.
So that project is on the shelf now is the last word on that.
So rest in peace, EA Star Wars project.
Look, you want to take this next one that was marked for Jamie before she left?
I'm sure we can do that because I still have this stupid hiccup thing going on.
I hate it.
Oh no, I'm gonna get more water while you do these stories.
All right, so Mega Man X5, you know, was just recently released, re-released, and they've
actually taken out some of these Guns N' Roses references.
So with the Mega Man X Legacy Collection 1 and 2, I'm not even really sure what the original
references were.
Oh, I guess so.
Let's see.
They had, I guess it was with the localization.
Oh, so they had, you know, you know, and now that I think of it, didn't they have like
references to other stuff or Guns N' Roses stuff and like Super Mario Bros 3 as well,
you know, with the Koopas and stuff.
Lemmy Koopa after Lemmy and then...
They were all named after like punk rock icons, like Wendy O.
I guess it makes sense that they all kind of like punk rock anyways.
I mean, it makes sense.
But yeah, in this game, the boss robots or the big robot things were, they changed names.
They didn't use the literal Japanese translations.
They made them like, they were like parody names off like people that were in Guns N'
Roses.
It was a little silly.
Yeah, so they decided to go ahead and just basically said that in our mission to make
these collections an authentic Mega Man X experience, we took an opportunity to better
align the names of the Mega Man X5 Mavericks across all regions for better narrative cohesion
across the series, making the names more aligned with the original Japanese versions.
We hope the fans appreciate our intent on unifying the Mega Man X Maverick naming conventions
after all.
Yes, they do.
Interesting.
I don't know.
It's neat, I guess, that they did that.
But no one else is also neat and interesting.
This whole lawsuit with PUBG Corp and Epic over Fortnite.
So they dropped the lawsuit and there's no, we don't know why.
They just, they filed the dismissal and that's that.
And my thoughts, maybe they just didn't, I mean, honestly, the argument was kind of shallow
anyways.
They didn't really have any sort of way of, I don't know, they're like, oh yeah, each
game has a frying pan and it's a similar type of gameplay.
I don't think that was really much to go on.
Um, but wasn't there something where like in one country they essentially have like
the same parent company?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
And so it's like they're essentially suing themselves in one area.
So it's a little, you know, maybe together they can work a little.
So it may have had something to do with that.
It may have been because their suit was kind of weak.
Who knows?
But I don't know.
One other thing that we didn't mention though that I wanted to was there's another lawsuit
actually going on with Bethesda and Warner games and see Bethesda released this very
popular game that everybody's aware of now called, um, fallout shelter.
And so now Warner games had a company, I think that actually had that originally worked on
fallout shelter or had access to that code or something came out with a Westworld themed
game that looks extremely like fallout shelter, even to the point of having the same type
of bugs in their code at launch that fallout shelter had, which made them suspicious that
perhaps they were using our old code to create this game perhaps.
And so now there's a whole suit against that as well.
So we'll have to see how that plays out, but that's kind of where things are going.
Lawsuits, lawsuits, lawsuits, some clarifications in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon buster says 10 cent has a major stake in Epic.
They pretty much own them, but only a minor stake in blue holes.
So they don't own them at least not yet.
And Bobby Black Wolf says, honestly, Bethesda finding stolen code by looking at the bugs
is the most with the thing ever.
Yes, it is.
True point.
And some light on the super Mario brothers three localization that you brought up there.
Dark Tetsuya says the super Mario thing.
A lot of them were references to famous musicians like Lemmy was Lemmy killmeister of Motorhead.
Roy was Roy Orbison.
And there were a couple others and JD follows up.
Wendy Williams, Aggie pop.
And Larry was named after no one, but that was all North American localization.
Crap.
We need one more name.
Larry done inky pinky blinky and Sue.
Or is it Clyde?
I think it was Clyde and Pac-Man and Sue and Ms.
Pac-Man anyway.
All right.
Moving on one more story for you guys before we open up the Skype line over at orange lounge
radio, all one word on Skype.
How many of you guys have played Shaq Fu a legend reborn?
I'm shocked to Loki that you haven't checked this out.
I wasn't a fan of the first Shaq Fu game.
I mean, it looked okay.
Well, it's, it's a legendary born.
Now the physical edition just came out this past week.
Apparently physical editions of the game have a leaflet with instructions on how to unlock
a bonus game called Barack Fu, the adventures of dirty Barry.
Which of course the main character is very much Barack Obama.
And I believe the way American parody laws and so forth are written.
You can parody politicians all you want.
If you want to do a game about Shaquille O'Neal and use his likeness, you have to pay him
money.
You have to, he has to sign away his likeness.
But the reason why you had all these political figures in, uh, MBA jam back in the day is
because with politicians, you don't owe them that same thing because they are politicians.
They are in the public eye, therefore they can be parodied.
So, uh, Barack Obama, I guess made a good target for a game like this because they did
not have to get his permission for it.
So they say, and yes, the game calls itself a parody of one of the greatest heroes of
our time.
As the ex POTUS on notice, you will step in when the police can't figure out why a number
of celebrities have been killed in order to solve the case yourself.
And there are some trailers out there if you want to check it out called Barack Fu, which
is a side game of Shaq Fu.
Let's face it.
They are both going to be shitty, but good for some walls, right?
Yep.
All right.
Yeah.
Dark to see in chat says, I almost want to check that out.
Yep.
All right.
Anyway, let's get to the Skype line.
Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
I'll do the best I can to talk to you through these hiccups while we wait to see if any
calls come in.
Do we have any last minute stories?
I don't.
I looked, we burned through a lot of stuff.
It seemed like it was a busy news week, but we burned through a lot of it.
I mean, we can just kind of add more fuel to the fire.
Basically, uh, Bethesda's Todd Howard said Sony is preventing fallout 76 cross play.
Oh, I heard that one too.
Yeah.
And remember they, they said we're listening.
We hear your concerns.
Yeah, but they're not going to, they don't hear them right now.
They're trying to figure it out for six months from now, maybe, but they're not hearing it
right now.
All right.
We got a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Uh, hello.
You're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Hey, uh, Robert.
Sorry.
What's on your mind?
Uh, no, hold on.
Um, well, yeah, I wanted to bring up pinball arcade.
Oh, right.
Fuck that ended.
And I forgot to buy the tables.
God damn it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I was going to ask you exactly that.
Cause you didn't exactly mention daddy.
God damn it.
No, I forgot.
And the month is now over.
No, I went out of town.
This is what happens when I go on vacation.
So I'll just have to do what everybody else on the internet does and steal them.
Hmm.
Well, yeah, I wouldn't recommend doing that.
Cause I know, no, I wouldn't, I wouldn't either.
I want to reward the hardworking developers, but if they're gone, they're gone.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, um, yeah, it's kind of a shame that the whole thing with the billion Williams went
down like it did.
Cause no.
Well, well, I mean, we'll just, we'll just have to see what's next.
I mean, there's obviously some type of reason for it.
So we have to see kind of like, where does the licensing end up going from here?
You know, is there, or, or is there a reason they pulled it or was it purely financially
motivated?
We'll, we'll find out hopefully in the coming year or two as whatever studio maybe has the
license now announces what they're working on, whether it be a VR thing or who knows?
It could be a variety of mobile phones.
Who knows?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I suppose that we could possibly speculate right now as to what the reasons are, but
it's simply their speculation and it will be a, probably a complete waste of energy
to do that.
But it, you know, like you were saying, you're saying it was kind of a shame, you know, you
have, you know, you know, got to do everything, got to do lists like that, you know, um, you
know, cause unfortunately, uh, you know, while I love pinball, um, unfortunately I've been
focusing more on buying the pinball effects, uh, tables and I kind of figured, you know
what, the pinball arcade tables will always be around, you know, I'll have full intensive
purpose, infant male time to buy the table, so I slacked off on buying that.
But I mean, it's not like the pinball effects tables are bad and some of them have like
licenses.
They're just, they're just not based on anything in reality.
But some of those pinball effects tables are great.
Like some of their star Wars tables are a lot of fun and you know, they, they have the
cool Marvel tables.
Didn't pinball effects have the street fighter table too?
I think they did.
Oh, so the original game yesterday, in fact, I got the speed fire table on the Xbox live.
Unfortunately, you know, since, uh, pinball effects never came to steam, as far as I know,
I, you know, at least not.
FX3 is on steam.
I don't know about the original.
Yeah, you know, the first two, you know, well, your pinball effects two was on steam is no
longer on steam.
Uh, you still have access to, uh, you know, two if you bought, you know, bought content
for that is, uh, you know, like you said, uh, threes on there as well.
And virtually all, all, you know, the tables that you bought onto with the exception of
a handful, like, uh, the, the soccer tables.
Um, you know, I think, um, the explosion, you know, Miss exposure, man, T1, a couple
hours didn't make it, uh, get transferred to three.
But other than that, Eric, if you had on two, you could play on three.
But yeah, you know, getting back to my initial point before I got some sidetracked, you know,
first I got behind the evil, you know, what wanted by tables.
I was only able to buy two, uh, yesterday.
I managed to get a Jack Bach, you know, about, and the one other one, I forget the name of
it, but I would have loved to have bought more, but it's not financially feasible this
month.
So I kind of like, you know, you snooze, you lose, you know?
Yeah.
We can only do what we can do.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf is referencing something that came up on his show earlier about the,
uh, Jack box Royal.
He talked about this on his show.
Uh, he would like, and, uh, I guess, I guess I'll say it here, Bobby, since you're convinced
they still listen to OLR, if anyone at Jack box still does listen to this show, uh, Bobby
Black Wolf thinks you need to do your own version of one versus 100, and that can be
your battle Royal game, your Jack box Royal.
So, uh, take one versus 100, marry it with, you don't know Jack or trivia murder party
or one of those, uh, at what, why not murder Royal trivia murder Royal, honestly.
And, uh, yeah, uh, kill a hundred of your friends.
It'd be fun.
So, uh, Jack box, we're putting that out there.
You know what?
You know what buddies?
You don't even have to pay us for that idea.
Just, just having a little shout out in the credits.
That's all we want.
Now, now that you brought up, uh, uh, the Jack box, uh, party games.
Um, and I have a question regarding that and considering that I never played those and
only played out the, you don't know Jack games.
Uh, no, how would you say they compare to, uh, the, uh, Jack box compares to, you don't
know, uh, Jack, is it better to see, is it like Apple store?
It's a very similar sense of humor.
Um, a lot of the Jack box games in those party packs, there's a lot of voting type of games
where there isn't necessarily a definitive answer.
Um, it will, you know, prompt you for certain things.
But that was always like a good part about like board games, like, you know, something
like Pictionary.
Pictionary can be serious, but it can also be really funny if you play with a lot of
like really disgusting people, then they're going to draw everything really perverted
as all the pictures.
So that's kind of where Jack box kind of goes is that it gives you just these ideas.
And then ultimately the canvas is your idea.
There's not a lot that stays on a very linear path.
Like you don't know, Jack sort of does, except for what comes to mind trivia murder party,
which was kind of like the, you don't know Jack game that wasn't exactly, you don't know
Jack, but it was made for mobile phones, that whole sort of thing.
Uh, so you can see that, but, uh, I would definitely encourage you to watch some Twitch
streams, um, you know, to get a real sense for what the game is.
But ultimately I think Jack box is, is a great game for people that like board game night.
Um, another group of people I've played Jack box games with and had a lot of success is
that you guys know, I was playing these online, um, survivor type games, uh, a couple months
ago.
And, uh, some of the people like when we were doing calls on Skype, the tribe calls, we
call them somewhat, we just play Jack box games to kind of like bond a little bit.
Somebody would screen share and we played the Jack box games of the screen sharing.
And these are people that usually don't play a lot of video games, but surely would still
play board games and stuff.
So I think Jack box is great as like digital board games.
I think is the best way I can put it.
All right.
Well, on the final note before I, you know, I'll let you guys go up to take more calls,
um, on a note tangentially related to video games.
Uh, if some of you may know, you know, over on GOG, you know, granted they predominantly
deal in video games.
They do have a very small, uh, you know, limited quantity of movies for sale.
One of which I highly recommend is, uh, is actually a concert, uh, put on by, uh, you
know, the composer of, uh, the whip, the witcher three, uh, wild hunt, uh, you know, where
they get a concert, you know, it's all kind of festival over in Poland.
Core.
It makes total sense because GOG is owned by the same people that made the winter.
So it makes sense that that's, that's a thing that they're pushing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the nice thing is now they give you multiple resolutions in the video, including 4k.
If you happen to have the setup to play 4k videos.
So if you like, you know, the witcher series, you'd be like video game music.
And if you want something to show off your 4k set up by all means, check out the video.
The music's great.
The concert's great.
And, you know, I mean, I've been watching constantly, uh, for the past two, 24 hours
or so.
Something to check out.
All right.
Anyway, have a nice day.
You know, take care.
Take care.
Bye.
Uh, and dungeon buster and chat follows up the music for witcher three is really, really
good.
Yeah.
I mean, that whole game was the artist, artistic presentation of that game was so good.
When I say artistic, I don't just mean graphics, but music is definitely a part of that art.
Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
If anybody else wants to give us a call and, uh, call in.
So I'm trying to, I'm looking at like some of the websites, uh, with some of the gaming
news for last minute stories.
And I still see stories Loki about destiny to still going, I guess the solstice of heroes
event in a crucible playlist changes are coming in July, July for those that are still grinding
away on destiny too.
Although I wonder if there is going to be a destiny three destiny three at this point.
Anyway, we have another call coming in.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on everyone?
It's Rama.
Rama.
Your mic sucks, but I'll allow it.
What's up, buddy?
That's not suck.
Nobody else has this problem except for you, sir.
I don't know.
You're going to hear this back and you're going to be like, something sounds different
than it used to.
All right, well, what's up buddy?
Well, in case you have missed it, we had a mini a couple of weeks ago and saw, and we're
kind of sad you weren't there for it.
I saw the pictures of you and, uh, what the hell does he go by now?
Drew Nami, who was the 23rd magus back in the day?
Yes.
I saw those pictures.
I was, uh, I was like, is there a convention going on?
I wasn't aware of, but no, he was just visiting New York as, as people sometimes do.
Yeah.
The funny thing is I had no idea he was in town.
I had just gotten out of the movies.
I'm just checking Facebook.
I'm like, what are you doing here?
He's at the way station.
So I'm like, I can be there in 35 minutes.
And 40 minutes later you made it.
No, I'm just kidding.
Actually, you actually pretty much on point with that.
An accurate read.
I love it.
Did any other, uh, OLR listeners, people like SSU 100 Mad I Knows in the area, any of the
other New York city people, uh, meet up or just.
No, no, but, uh, JV must have like these monthly raves I keep forgetting to go to.
So.
I know I keep seeing the pictures.
God, I need to get back to New York city so bad.
I know I've been saying that for like five years, but it's true.
And Alan's never been, and he really wants to go.
Um, I know we're eyeing Toronto for a big trip next year, but New York is definitely
on the agenda as well.
So just if finances work out well, hopefully I can make that happen.
Three days in New York city, four days in Toronto.
That's true.
Make it make a whole travel the world event.
Who knows?
I like the sound of that.
Me too.
Bobby Blackwell says I've actually never actually been to New York either.
You know, we just need to find a convention to insert ourselves into and try to do some
panels.
Maybe I'll ask around to dragon con, see what they're doing in New York that we may be getting
on.
Oh, I know a lot of conventions coming up and I do keep my ear to them.
I have been recruited to staff a convention in DC and one panel.
So we'll see how that goes.
All right.
Sounds good.
Well, anything else you want to call it or you want to talk about tonight, my friend?
Yes, actually.
Now, has it been a game that you have played somewhere down the line and you really enjoyed
this game and you say to yourself, I can't believe I slept on this game.
Um, that's how I felt about mass effects when I finally got into it, honestly, cause I,
I did sleep on that for many years, uh, and then finally came back and, uh, played it
later and I was, uh, in love with it.
Uh, a game that I felt like I slept on and then I finally came back and checked it out
and I liked it a lot.
Um,
there's so many games that I check out right at release.
It's so hard to go back in the archive and visit old things.
Loki, is there anything for you like where it's like, oh man, I slept on this.
I should have had a better eye on it.
Um, no.
I mean, I can't think of anything off the top of my head.
Um, maybe Minecraft a little bit.
Okay.
I go with that too.
Minecraft.
Like what was the big deal?
Uh, over in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
S2 100 Matt says the South Park games.
It's a pretty good answer too.
Well, what about you Rama?
I'm flipping it on you.
What was the game that you wrote off?
Ah, okay.
Okay.
Ooh, you know what?
Speaking of like shooty bang bang Pew Pew games, the doom remake would be one where I was like,
I kind of wrote it off as a shooty Pew Pew game, but it's actually a lot of fun.
I really liked the doom remake.
I played that like really couldn't get into it because I felt like the doom remake was
like a little bit too, uh, high, high, fast paced for me.
So I couldn't, you know, get into it as well.
But the old doom games were super fast paced too.
So anyway, my friend, I'm going to let you go to see if we can squeeze in any more calls,
but thanks for the call.
No problem.
Appreciate it.
Yep.
And check the gain on your mic.
Trust me.
All right.
Later buddy.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Oh, dark to see us as Fortnite.
I didn't think I'd enjoy it, but from playing the switch version, I've been enjoying it.
Yeah.
There's hella people that are checking out Fortnite now for the first time on the switch.
It's crazy.
Uh, orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
We'll try to do like a last minute call for calls.
Uh, meanwhile, uh, I know a lot of folks are talking about the crew too right now.
I didn't realize the crew too would just come out.
Yeah, I think, um, I thought they were doing just like beta testing for that.
Uh, FIFA 19 is going to be disclosing the odds on the ultimate team packs.
So you will know what's in those loot boxes or the odds of getting the loot that you want,
which I think is kind of where the industry is kind of forcing things to go.
So I guess that's a good thing.
I don't know.
Anyway, uh, Bobby Black Wolf says, as far as crew two goes, uh, beta testing was last weekend.
It came out for realsies this week.
The beta testing crashed my router.
So this week I bought a new router.
Yikes.
That sounds pretty bad.
I guess I missed that whole beta test cause I was out of town.
Pretty good excuse, right?
Uh, for those of you that are playing Monster Hunter World, there is a Twilight Fest kicking
off on July 13th.
You know, they're supposed to be having an event in Final Fantasy 14 around Monster Hunter
as well, but I haven't heard the details on that yet.
So anyway.
All right.
Well, sadly, it doesn't look like any more calls are coming in.
So I think we are going to start to wrap up for the night and I've still got these hiccups
that are just pissing me off.
So we're going to go ahead and start to wrap up here, but, uh, as always, we want to thank
you guys for tuning into Orange Lounge Radio.
And if you like what you heard here, uh, please, uh, tell a friend about the show because we
are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But, uh, if the voices aren't here to air, we can't air them.
So, uh, we don't have a big million dollar website behind us or anything like that.
It's just us homegrown.
So a word of mouth goes a long way.
And you know what, even if you tell your friends, you know, what really helps is a nice five
star review on iTunes or Google podcasts, which I think they, they, they kind of changed
their podcast app this week.
So a lot of you guys are checking that out again.
So, uh, a nice five star review wherever you found this call or wherever you found this
show would be welcome.
Sorry guys.
I'm trying to push through these hiccups and like, stop, stop picking me.
Stop.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Scare those hiccups out of you.
What?
Maybe Russia blood blood.
Hey, Loki.
I still, I'm still blown away that you got this because I know these things ain't cheap.
So I hope there was a sale or something.
So appreciate it very much.
Assume that there was a sale.
All right.
So, all right.
We'll assume there was a sale.
All right.
Uh, thank you guys so much for listening to the show.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight.
Yeah.
Very tempted to go down to Walmart to pick up a SNES classic.
Oh, there you go.
And you get an NES classic while you're at it.
Cause those are back in stock.
Yeah.
But Alan ordered me one.
It's coming on Friday.
If they already, they haven't the Rancho one right now.
Oh, do they really?
Oh, he, he, he already mail ordered it.
So we're just waiting on it.
So I mean, he didn't know that they were like being reprinted massively.
So when he saw one at retail price, he was like, I don't know what the fuck's happening,
but I'm buying one for Rob right now.
So, which, and I've seen the SNES classics and I've keep like holding off on a bit.
Like my kids today were looking at like super Nintendo games.
Look at new Mario game.
Like, no, that's an old Mario game.
Look at Toy Story game.
No, that's an old Toy Story game.
So I'm like, you know, I could just get one of these.
You and I have a raspberry PI, you know, I could really just do a raspberry pilot.
I liked the controller and that's the other thing.
She was like, I would get an NES classic, but I can just fucking mod the SNES classic
to put the NES games on there.
So there's really no point.
All right.
So I'm trying to do that.
And my final thought is I get to play Tetris attack in VR and I'm or Tetris effect in VR.
And I'm so happy in a few months, in a few months.
Yeah, I don't get to do it tonight, but in a few months.
So in the meantime, I have rez.
I have until dawn rush of blood and I have Skyrim VR, which I really want to check out
because I hope I can.
I still haven't checked it out yet.
I bought it, but I haven't played it yet.
But it'll be interesting.
I don't know if that's necessarily the best VR game, but it's Skyrim.
It's fun.
All right.
But check out.
Yeah, the demo disc and definitely like Job Simulator.
Those are pretty fun, of course.
Or actually Job Simulator.
It can get a little boring because it's a little kitty, but like accounting plus.
All right.
Or I want to try.
I just picked it up.
I want to really want to try just in time make because that looks hilarious.
It's overly violent, but cute.
And so like they have like scenarios.
Like, for example, there's one that there's a grandma in the middle.
She's like with her walker and stuff, and there's a whole bunch of knife wielding murderers
are trying to kill her.
And you have to kill them while everything's moving slow.
And it's hilarious.
All right.
I have to get on the PlayStation store and check out all these games that they have now
that I can actually play.
All right.
That's going to do it for another episode.
Orange, Andrea.
My other final thought is fuck hiccups.
This is the worst thing in the world.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all over again.
Hopefully with less hiccups and more gaming news and more of you guys live and on our
podcast feed.
Thanks to everybody for listening to another week here.
Orange Laundrio.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
