In the year of the remaster I was pleasantly surprised to see Turok released on Steam and
now the same company is bringing the N64 release of Forsaken back to PC and the Xbox One as
well.
Engage your six degrees of freedom and join us for another episode of the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back.
It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 739 for this July 29th of 2018.
Oh my gosh, I can't believe August is almost here and then that means fall is around the
corner and all the holiday games are around the corner.
Crazy time.
Anyway, I am Rob Roberts here to talk about video games and gaming culture, the gaming
lifestyle with you here on the show with my co-hosts.
Say hello as always to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay.
Yeah?
You were coming through quiet there for a minute.
Yeah.
We're good.
We're good.
Yesterday was a busy day.
Yeah?
Well, you went to California Stream, right?
I did.
You want to tell us a little bit about that?
There were lots of video games, lots of noise.
Yeah.
Lots of lights, lots of headaches, which I still have a bit of one today, but I had
a great time.
I played a bunch of stuff and I'll talk about it when I talk about what I played, but there
was a bit of a rarity there and that was a pop-in stage.
Oh, is that the dancing thing?
Yes, it is completely non-intuitive.
Huh.
I did not enjoy it.
I don't think I've ever played that.
I didn't even know they had one of those in the Bay Area.
I love theater.
That's kind of a newer game for California Extreme to have.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it was really fun, but only like two songs that was kind of, I'm glad I didn't
pay for it.
Yeah.
But I'll talk more about that in my gaming week.
Sounds good.
So for those that don't know, if you've never heard of it, California Stream is a big thing
that they have here in the Bay Area where they basically fill a ballroom at a hotel
with, it's supposed to be classic arcade games, but it sounds like they put a lot of contemporary
stuff in there too.
Especially-
Oh, it's all across the spectrum.
And old and new pinball because they had the Iron Maiden machines out.
Because didn't it start as a pinball thing and then kind of grew into this other stuff
too?
I don't know.
It's been a long time.
So, huh.
All right.
Interesting.
Anyhow, I'm also joining us in studio.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm good.
You were playing with wires down there.
Everything okay?
Well, yeah, because my laptop said it wasn't charging.
I was like, oh, that's not good.
That's weird.
It's plugged in.
You're going to need that.
So apparently a cord is loose.
No California Stream for you, sadly.
No.
I could have gone, but I had a big show last night.
The clue on stage that I talked about a few previous weeks happened last night.
So my week was obviously very busy preparing for that.
And today I'm just in like, I left the house once.
I left the house once today to walk up the street to go raid an Alola Marowak.
That's the only time I've left the house today.
And probably will be the only time I leave the house today.
So anyway.
But I would have loved to have gone to California Stream, except that it's always inevitably
on some weekend where I have something else going on.
Summer's a busy time.
What can I say?
I didn't even know it was this weekend.
Yeah.
Like it snuck up on me.
I got a text from our buddy Melody just out of the blue.
Like that was like, are you coming to California Stream?
And I was, I think it was something like that.
And I was like, oh, well, no clue is also tomorrow.
So, and I was like, dang, I didn't even realize it was this weekend.
Oh, well.
I'm glad to hear it was a good show at least.
And that fun was had by some people.
It was good.
Anyway.
Um, so any exciting stuff going on in your week, Loki?
Um, no, not really.
I mean, just still working on unreal programming.
Okay.
Sticking with that.
Been doing at least like a few hours a day.
I saw some of your tweets that you're really liking some of like the, I guess, like templates
and stuff that they do.
Well, it's just like they have the way the engine's built because I mean, it's unreal
engine.
And you can use it for first person shooters.
I mean, that's what they built it on.
And so of course they have a lot of stuff built for shooter games.
And so they have a lot of these things you would normally have to make all the time,
like projectile scripts and stuff for different types of cameras for third person, you know,
shooter cameras or first person shooter cameras.
They have a lot of that built in them.
Unity has some of that too, but I don't know, I kind of like the way that they set this
up a little bit.
And the hang of blueprints and kind of figuring out how that translates into normal code.
Because there's a whole lot of like, I'm going to have to go through after I'm done with
this, I'm going to have to go through a bunch of different blueprint courses that kind of
learn all of the ins and outs of what it can do.
Because there's a lot of features there, but I like it and I like how it makes everything
easy to make look good, I guess.
All right, cool.
So does this mean your game is a first person shooter that you're making?
No.
I thought we thought we might have got some confirmation in there.
I tried you guys.
Anyway, let's go to our chat.
Say hello to our chatters.
We do, of course, tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com,
vognetwork.com, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show.
And you can chat along with us at live.vognetwork.com, where actf says Alola Marowak was worth it.
I never thought I would be so excited to catch a Marowak, because I don't know about you
guys, but like Cubones are like herpes here.
They're everywhere, right?
So I have tons of regular Marowaks, but the Alola Marowak is so cool with like the fire
thing.
And the only way you can get them right now is in raids.
They didn't even put them in the eggs.
So yeah, it was kind of worth it actually, even though it didn't end up highest appraisal.
But I mean, how often do you actually battle with Marowak?
Probably not very often.
Sometimes, sometimes it's about putting cool stuff in gyms though, because I was able to
get a Torque Hole from Shane, who is at the actual Go Fest or whatever they call it in
Chicago, where they had a ton of them.
So he brought me back a Torque Hole.
So I just started putting Torque Hole in gyms around here, just so that people could get
the Dex entry if they didn't already have it.
So you know, kind of fun, even though they don't get the full, full entry without actually
capturing a Torque Hole.
So hopefully there'll be more opportunities to catch some of those things that are typically
region locked.
I know the only things I need now are region locked Mr. Mime and Kangaskhan.
That's all I need.
So I'm going to hope that maybe I can get some at Dragon Con because people come from
all around the world to Dragon Con.
So I'm hoping there'll be like a trading outpost or something where like maybe I could trade
some Tauros, which is the exclusive here.
But here's the other funny thing.
I didn't mean to make this a Pokemon Go podcast, but deal with it.
A lot of people were playing.
On my flight back from Dragon Con this year, I go to the Austin airport and I believe Austin
is far enough South where I can get Corrosola, I think.
So I'm going to try to get one at the airport because I think I have a layover of like 90
minutes.
So everybody cross your fingers.
Although I think, I think technically I think JD actually, when he was in Florida, brought
back some stuff to trade, but it would be cool to catch one of my own and then I could
get more to bring back to trade for some of the other people around here.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Anyway.
Um, other comments and chat over at live.vognover.com.
Okay.
One more Pokemon comment here from SSG100Matt, who says I've not gotten a chance to get an
Alolan Marowak.
I did get an Alolan Raichu.
It doesn't seem like the Marowak spawn very often, um, but, and you need, you need a group
to do Marowak.
You can solo Raichu if you're a higher level.
I soloed it, but I only had like 12 seconds left on the clock.
Uh, but I just used like the recommended Pokemon too, which aren't always the best.
The recommended are usually more better defenders than attackers, but, um, I only, I did it
with weather boost.
I had like 12 seconds left, but I do, I was able to solo it.
So you can solo Alolan Raichu, but if you can duo it for the insurance, it's probably
a lot easier.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on and talk about something that's an, I do love Pokemon Go, but I'm sure
it's going to come up in gaming weeks too.
Let's talk about some other games and a little story to kick us off.
Uh, because we like it when video games, I don't know about you guys, but I like when
I see video games represented kind of like in the mainstream stuff.
Like not that, I don't think gaming necessarily needs that validation at this point because
I know we've talked about it before.
I think as you know, our generation is getting older, that sort of that, I really don't like
to use the term Zillennial, but you know what I'm talking about?
Like kind of that window right between generation X and millennial, right?
Kind of like as that generation is getting older, like we all know video games.
Like even if like you had friends that play video games or you know, people do video games.
So it's not that we necessarily need the validation, but it's still kind of cool to see stuff on
mainstream TV.
So for example, uh, the Overwatch league had their finals on and we, we talked about this
last week show, but the finals really were on ESPN, uh, this weekend and the London Spitfire
won the whole thing.
Um, and I know some people were really into that watching it.
They had it at a huge arena, the Barclays arena.
So they did it at a like more like an arena that would typically have like basketball
and stuff.
Um, instead of the custom one, that's basically a TV studio that Blizzard built, I'm a little
closer to their home.
So I mean, it's pretty cool to see that kind of validation.
Um, but then this one, in my opinion, kind of came out of nowhere.
Somebody tweeted this at me because I don't, I don't always watch this show, but, um, you
guys ever watched America's Got Talent, that show it's been on for years now.
It's on like it's 13 season or something.
I don't know what you're talking.
No.
Yes.
I've seen a show.
Well, here's my, okay.
I don't really watch America's Got Talent, but those videos from all those guys, cause
no matter what country you live in, they have one of these shows, they have the Britain's
Got Talent.
They have, they have everything.
Everybody's got talent, which is a talent filled world, right?
So everybody has talent and nobody has talent.
So these, these talent things show up all the time on Facebook because it will be like,
look at this 11 year old girl that sings opera.
So beautiful.
Make you cry or look at this girl who plays the ukulele.
She's so, you know, she's got a story that will break your heart and check out this eight
year old boy that's singing a song about his mom who's dying of cancer and like all these
like, like it's emotional porn.
That show is emotional pornography.
It's Facebook.
It's forward.
Garbage.
It is.
It is.
But it's totally like, and I eat it up like, you know, just like, you know, sometimes you
want real pornography for reasons, so I'm going to say sometimes you want emotional
pornography because I just want to cry.
I need, I need to have a good cry, so I'm going to watch some emotional pornography.
What Loki?
You don't, you don't fall down the well of emotional pornography ever.
No, no, it's just, it's dark soccer.
Well of regular pornography.
Where are these wells filled with pornography?
This is, well Facebook has, and then the other one, well of garbage.
That's like, that's like I'm dumping a drip, jumping into the dumpster there.
A porn hub would be the other, I suppose, I guess a dark, dark soccer.
Do you ever, do you ever sit there for hours and hours and watch emotional pornography?
No.
No.
What is it?
Just me.
Chad.
I do.
I do watch animal cops.
Houston.
Okay.
Okay.
So cute cat videos can totally be emotional pornography.
Like if you just want to sit there and watch cute cat videos for an hour, that's totally
emotional porn.
It's just a different, it's just a different type.
Just like real pornography, many different types.
Okay.
So anyway, on my favorite emotional porn show this week, uh, we had a choir that was on
performing.
It was the Angel City Choral, I think is the name of their group and they are from the
Los Angeles area.
And the big thing is that they're a very diverse group of people.
You know, you've got all sorts of diversity when it comes to races, ethnicity, sexuality,
age, like, you know, political leanings and all that stuff.
That's kind of like their big thing.
They all come together to sing.
Well, they already got through on the first, so I guess the way the show works, there's
like the auditions, right?
So they got through on the auditions with their rendition of, I kid you not, Toto's
Africa, which I know that song is all the rage right now, but they legit did that song
and it was really good.
Like I saw that one too on one of my emotional porn binges and they did a really good job
on that.
Well, they were back this week for, I guess the judges cut as they try to narrow it down,
I think to like the top 32 or something.
So during the judges cut, they sang this one, which some of you gamers, especially the one
that listened to this show might recognize.
Do you recognize this at all?
Yeah, I've played it on OLR before.
We actually had the guy who made this song on OLR some time ago.
It's Baba Yetu from Civilization IV.
It's the epic title opening sequence, which went on to be the first gaming song that got
a Grammy.
Well, I didn't realize this, but apparently that song, maybe because of the fact that
it won the Grammy, it's become kind of like one of the standards.
There's many high schools and so forth that do adaptations of this and well deserved on
Christopher Tin.
It's a great song.
I think most people that have heard this love this song.
And I would say, again, if you like this song, you need to go look up the song he did in
Civilization VI, the Dream of Flight.
I can't remember.
It's in Italian, but it translates to Dream of Flight.
That song is amazing too.
But anyway, Baba Yetu, which is Swahili, if I remember right, for the Lord's Prayer.
That's the song that was on America's Got Talent.
This is kind of an interesting twist though.
So the way it works, I guess they do like 12 acts in an episode and there's a guest
judge there every week because there's like the regular judges like Heidi Klum and Scary
Spice, like the regular judges.
But then there's a guest judge every week and the guest judge can press the golden buzzer
for one act.
Well, the golden busser was press on these guys because it was a really good performance
if you haven't watched it already yet.
But it was pressed by Olivia Munn, which I thought was kind of interesting.
So that was pretty cool.
I wonder if she recognized the song because she's a bit of a gamer, right?
Probably.
Yeah.
So wasn't she on Attack of the Show for a short while?
If I remember right.
Yeah.
So kind of interesting.
Anyhow, so they moved on with that.
Sadly, I don't think I saw the name of the song get checked.
I don't think I heard Christopher Tin get name checked or anything like that, but it
was still one of those moments of, wait a minute, I know this because of a video game.
So it's kind of curious, like if you guys have had any moments, I'll open this up to
chat as well.
I don't know.
And I know I'm springing this on you guys in studio, but maybe you have something that
jumps off top of your head.
Do you have any moments where you've seen like video gaming get represented in a mainstream
culture and you're like, oh, I know that because I'm a gamer.
Have you ever kind of like had that?
I mean, Loki, I imagine like the movie Ready Player One was nothing but that.
So I'm not sure that's the best place to start, but I guess it was a Spielberg movies.
I love calling out what games people are playing on TV dramas.
Like what they're playing on, like, you know, older systems and stuff like that, for example,
house to my wife's displeased.
She's very displeased when I do that, when they think, oh, that's GTA.
Oh, hey, that's Spider-Man.
Oh, hey, that's this.
When they're playing Call of Duty, but it has Atari 2600 noises.
That's right.
He had like a PSP that he got in in one of them, because, you know, Sony tie in probably.
So like I kept calling it.
I'm like, yeah, it's a PSP.
She's like, just stop.
Don't do that.
Jamie, anything that jumps in your mind?
Like I know you don't watch a ton of television, but Ralph, what's OK.
OK.
I like that.
Disney hopping on it.
Yeah.
Disney embracing the gaming culture.
That's a good answer, too.
And I think that's something where gaming culture has kind of embraced it back.
And you know, we're getting a Wreck-It Ralph, too.
And yeah, I think a lot of people watch Wreck-It Ralph to try to catch all the little subtle
references.
That shitty Pixels movie.
I mean, that was definitely a mainstream attempt to capture.
Attempt is a good word.
There was an attempt, Jamie.
There was an attempt.
My point is just that even, you know, there's that attempt.
So yeah, looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Tiger Claw says most would know Olivia Munn
as Psylocke in X-Men Apocalypse.
I believe if I'm not mistaken, she was also the I always get the two Olivia's confused.
She's not.
She's not the one in Tron Legacy.
That's the that's a different Olivia.
Oh, it's the different.
It's the other one.
Olivia Wilde.
Olivia Wilde is.
Yeah.
So no, Olivia Munn was the girlfriend in Magic Mike.
I don't know why my mind goes to Magic Mike, but there you go.
Probably because of that porn well that you're talking about.
Anyway, how dare you?
Bobby Blackwolf points out the MLB All-Star game had a segment about Fortnite and the
players favorite dances.
Dang.
Fortnite is like that game that everybody is freaking.
It's like the Minecraft, I guess, of of 2018.
Bobby Blackwolf also points out Baba Yetu is now the number three downloaded classical
song on iTunes this week.
So it got around.
You're right.
Probably, you know, it was probably labeled with it as that video was circulating the
emotional porn circuit.
So yeah, I'm sure Baba Yetu got a nice little bounce thanks to that mainstream exposure.
And that's part of why, like, even if you're the type where you're like, who cares about
the mainstream?
I like to go against the mainstream.
That's fine.
But realize that, you know, that that exposure in the mainstream still goes a long way for
getting coined for these people like Christopher Ten that, you know, created these songs and
so forth.
So let's see other stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Kaijuto says I saw Mario Brothers represented on Dancing with the Stars.
I remember that was recently.
That was a couple of years like in the past year or two.
I remember seeing that, too.
That's pretty funny.
Yeah, but I don't like to include where it's represented in that cringe.
That's true.
Let's see.
Bobby Blocko says seeing Will Wright interviewed on Colbert Report.
Yeah.
Speaking of late night TV, late night TV has been embraced that more and more.
I know Jimmy Fallon because there's Jimmy Fallon likes games anyway.
Yeah.
There's two Olivia's and there's two Jimmy's.
Also Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Fallon had Reggie on.
Remember when the switch was coming out and there was that infamous thing with Miyamoto
in the audience with like the thumbs down and turning to the thumbs up.
That was from Jimmy Kimmel or Jimmy.
God damn it.
Jimmy Fallon.
Remember, Fallon's the one that lasted himself.
All right.
Just like me.
No, it's all right.
It's funny.
I couldn't stand Fallon in SNL, but when he hit late night, it was actually much better.
Act Deft says not sure if related, but there was a national TV channel in Mexico that used
don't know if they still do music from many video games in their news segments.
There would be stuff from Silent Hill even in some of those.
Why do you have Silent Hill music on the news?
Like that's kind of today we opened up a new, that's what I feel about American news.
I hate that.
I'm laughing at that, but it's true.
We've opened up a new mall, Silent Hill music, free puppies, you know, uh, guys, you know,
pointing out rocket league was on blackish, uh, that I've heard a lot of good things about
that show.
I haven't seen it myself yet, but I know that's on ABC and does very well.
Uh, Bob Coffey kind of piggybacking on the Mexico thing saying Japan does that with news
sometimes and probably because, um, you know, video gaming probably got embedded in mainstream
Japanese culture before it really got embedded in ours.
Anyway, those are some good answers.
You guys.
Thank you.
I like, you know, I like seeing these games like, Oh, you know, it shows up somewhere.
It's pretty cool.
Anyway, let's talk a little bit about some games that we saw this week and talk a little
bit about our gaming weeks.
So dark soccer, I know, I'm sure you got tons of classic games to talk about.
Yeah.
I have to pull out the list.
All right.
It's a three hour show.
Jamie.
Well, I, I, I was lately, it's only been two.
I was pretty, um, particular about what I played.
So in, um, so played Beatmania three, the final, which of course, but then I got mad
at Dan cause he, he tried to join in with me, which of course put it in co-op mode,
which I hate about five key.
Yeah.
And then doesn't like, you only play like alternating notes or something.
Yeah.
So, or parts of different parts of the song.
So I just waited for it to fail us so I could play by myself again.
And then, uh, Ray crisis, they had a bunch of candy cabs, you know, the Japanese cabinets.
So it played, um, Ray crisis, which was a lot of fun.
Um, then we went upstairs to the console room and played streets of rage to win a Sega Genesis,
which was pretty fun to, um, pop and stage, which I did have to give it a try and decided
it's not for me.
It just is not intuitive to play.
And then it played theaters, um, uh, final fantasy all star carnival, which was super
fun.
I love theater them in the arcade, then, uh, riding DX, which is one of my favorite shooters
like ever because of the purple Rappy laser, um, played donkey Kong on a, uh, uh, sit down
table and I hate the controller on it because it's, um, it's coming out horizontally instead
of on a little shelf vertically.
So I really don't like it.
Um, I played another game called Mamoru Koon curse, which is like a running shooter and
slightly bullet hellish, but it was really a fun game.
Um, I played another real bullet hell game that I completely bombed at called AKA V blue.
Um, it was, it was pretty fun.
Very pretty.
I like the shell, the cell shaded style of it.
Oh yeah.
I love that game.
Yeah.
It was, uh, it was on the, um, the dreamcast hardware.
I forget the Naomi hardware, I think.
I think it's newer than that.
No, you're right.
It's, uh, it's much newer than that.
I can't remember.
Was it, is it dolphin blue is what that was or cause I think that's what it is in English.
No, it's basically red versus blue.
AKA is red.
Hmm.
Maybe I think I'll send you a picture of, of what it looked like, but it was, it was
pretty good.
Pretty good shooter.
Um, it was just really tough.
Um, I played, um, they had a dragon ball fighter Z, um, arcade set up, although it was the
console version with arcade cabinet stuff.
So it was fun.
These two guys were just like continuing over and over and over.
So I made a very salty, gee, it would be nice if other people get to play and they both
looked chagrined and you know, eventually got up.
Um, I played another game.
Well, before that I played dual Donpach, which of course, you know, fun game.
It's on, it's got an iOS release too, although it's still expensive.
Really?
Hmm.
That's a fun thing.
Donpach like the thing.
Um, I played music gun gun.
Have you seen that one?
Uh, is that the one that's like gigantic?
It's like a gigantic machine.
I think I've seen it around one where you have like the gun, you shoot in the rhythm.
Yeah.
That game is interesting.
That game was pretty fun.
Um, I played the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
It's no point blank.
No, but it's really fun.
Okay.
But I played the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the one based off of the CG.
Wake up, Tigerclaw.
Wake up.
The one based off the CG, you know, kids show version.
Melody and I took turns on that one because, um, they were on the final boss rush.
Oh.
And I got a little bit tired, so she took over playing Raphael.
It was pretty fun.
That's cool.
Yeah.
It's a neat game.
Did it kind of remind you of the old one?
Yeah.
But, man, Raphael has no freaking range.
Um, but he did still have like the slam back and forth move.
That one was pretty fun.
Um, then I played, uh, God Plus, which I'm probably going to do that as a classic game
at some point.
God Plus, for those who don't know, is, um, Galaga 3.
It was renamed as Galaga 3 because people didn't realize that God Plus was the same
one, which the funny thing about it is you can get this little weapon if you shoot a
particular enemy that gives you like a vacuum funnel and you can absorb some of the enemies
and then they become shooter options until they get hit.
It's pretty neat.
Um, then I played Rhythm Tengoku, um, which was, you know, Rhythm Heaven, for those who
don't know what Tengoku means by this point.
Um, Steel Chronicle Vic Troopers, that was another neat game.
Um, basically, it's, uh, behind the, uh, the mech that you're playing, but you have, um,
different controls.
Like, you have one that controls, like, camera angle and the other one that controls your
movement with different, uh, guns and bombs and things.
It was a pretty neat, neat little battle game.
Um, I played, the only pinball I played was Hyper Ball, which doesn't really pinball,
to be honest.
And then I played...
I was about to ask why you didn't play more pinball, but then I'm like, oh yeah, she can
kind of play, like, a lot of pinball at home whenever she wants.
Yeah, that's really the truth.
Um, then I played Mushihime Tama, which isn't Mushihime Sama, it's Mushihime Tama, where
you play the character from Mushihime Sama on a little, like, bubble game.
Kind of a little bit of Puyo Puyo meets, um, I don't know, it's just like you have to drop
these blobs on the same color and you have, like, an arc, so you either have to do up
left or down right to control how your bubbles are going to throw.
You control the arc of it, so maybe a little bit of Angry Birds meets Puyo Puyo and how
you have to control it.
It was a neat little game, I got decently through it, and that was all I played.
Alright!
Sounds like you still had a very busy day.
I had a very busy day, and I bought games.
Oh, did you?
Dan and I bought some stuff.
Yeah, anything a note, real quick?
Um, yes.
Like, all of it?
I bought myself a copy of Dance Summit, because I'm going to give Shane back his as soon as
I find it.
Oh, cool!
Um, 20 bucks, but not bad.
That's not bad, no, for that?
No, um, I like to buy from Tiny Potato when I'm there.
Their prices are, I'm not going to, they're fair for what they're selling, but they do
know the value of their stuff.
Sure.
And they're great guys.
For those that don't know, Dance Summit is bust a move slash groove three.
Yeah, essentially.
Basically, yeah.
It's like the multi-player team dance.
Yep.
Um, and then, um, Dan bought Shantae for, um, uh, Wii U.
Oh, random!
And, well, Wii One, I already had it on Switch, not on Switch, but on, um, Steam.
And then, um, he bought Bayonetta 2 for Wii U.
Nice.
Which comes with Bayonetta 1.
And I was like, you know, that's on Switch, right?
He's like, it is?
Yeah.
He's like, I was like, yeah, but we now have it for Wii U, so whatevs.
Well, yeah, and now that the Wii U is kind of like, I wouldn't say it's completely sunsetted
yet, but like, we're like two minutes to midnight on the Wii U here, like it's, it's pretty
much done.
And, uh, you know, that, I think it's going to be the value of things like that kind of
go up.
You know what I mean?
It's collector's items.
Well, and then I bought him something that he told me not to buy him, but I know he wanted
it and he doesn't know I bought it for him, so he's, I left it on the bottom of the stack
of games on the table.
Oh.
I bought him the Sega Aegis, uh, 2500, um, Gunstar Heroes collection that also comes
with Dynamite Headdy and, um, some other treasure game.
It's the treasure box, but I wanted to get him that so he could, and I'm trying to convince
him first.
I'm going to try to convince him first to stream Gunstar Heroes through the PS2, um,
but I'm also deciding if I think I am going to do the Halo thing, if I can get my mom's
rent paid for next month.
So, and I would have to do it from a place that's already set up to stream off Xbox.
Actually, I'm not set up for Xbox.
I don't know if there's any Halos on PC that I have, but I can check that out.
Um, but I don't actually usually, I mean, it's not hard to do the Xbox.
I'm not set up at mine too, but, um, well, if I'll talk to you off air.
You've got the mic stuff set up.
Yeah.
I was gonna say, I'll talk to you off air because there's things and reasons why Twitch
broadcasting may soon be portable.
So all right, anyway, uh, let's see.
Going to chat, uh, at live.vognetwork.com Bobby Blackwolf says, Wii U still has virtual
console.
Yes, that's true.
Uh, Wii U does have virtual console.
That's why I didn't say it's dead.
That's why I said it's more like last call.
That's a good way to put it.
As far as we use concern last call, uh, act def says you can probably get master chief
collection for the Xbox one.
I have it.
My Xbox one just isn't set up for streaming.
It's probably not that hard to get it all set up, but at the same time, you know, we
don't have an Xbox one and I'm not going to have one.
I thought you guys did.
No.
Oh shoot.
Okay.
We had zero reason to buy one.
There's nothing really on it.
It's that was worthwhile to us.
Maybe 60 to stream the old halos if nothing else.
Yeah.
Okay.
So we can work something out.
All right.
Cool.
Uh, let's see.
Let's move on with our gaming weeks.
Loki.
I didn't play much this week.
I mainly played Pokemon just to and from work.
Um, I did play a few things today cause we went to fair game, which is a local retro
game store nearby.
So we played some of the arcade games there.
So, um, I played arrow fighters too for briefly cause my youngest son's like, play this game,
play this game.
Like, okay, I'll play this game.
And then my son played on a play choice 10 and he had a, he wanted to play super Mario
brothers two on that.
I'm like, okay, that's weird.
We, I'm like, we have this at home free.
I don't know why I'm gonna play this here.
Um, and they play a little bit of super Mario brothers three as well.
And apparently I'm very rusty when it comes to super Mario brothers three.
I'm like, cause I was like, stand aside, I'll show you how it's done.
And they immediately did not show them how it's done.
I was like, damn, I'm out of practice.
Did dad let them down?
I let myself down.
I was defeated.
Nice.
I had anything else?
Uh, that's it.
Just been mainly working in Unreal.
All right.
Uh, my gaming week was also not quite as, uh, fun filled as Jamie's just because, um,
again, I was focusing for a performance yesterday.
Um, but I did get to play a little bit, so, um, I'm still continuing on doing my, uh,
little gold quests every day in heroes of the storm.
So I'm still playing that, but I pretty much only do versus AI.
And I had such a terrible match last night that I, I thought it was going to be like
the first time I ever, well, maybe, I don't think it's the first time, but like the first
time in like a year that I've actually lost the versus AI mode.
Like I would have been so upset, but we pulled it through in the very end, but I was getting
worried.
Uh, for those that play heroes of the storm, it was the black hearts bay and somehow the
enemy team actually got like two or three turn ins on the cannons, which, you know,
in versus AI, like never happens.
So anyway, it was very frustrating, but we did it.
Uh, let's see.
I've been playing a lot of Lucio in that game because of, uh, the, just the quests I've
been getting.
I got like, when as a support hero, when as an overwatch hero, then again, when as a support
hero.
So I've just been playing quite a bit of a Lucio with that, um, who makes a fun character
in heroes of the storm.
I like, I like some of the overwatch crossover stuff.
I wonder if wrecking balls show up in a heroes of the storm, which means I did play a little
bit of overwatch.
Uh, I've been doing some random heroes have not gotten wrecking ball in random heroes.
I know he's in there cause I see him show up on the other teams, but um, I, one match
I was doing, I kept getting mercy over and over and over again, which is fine cause you
know, I can actually play mercy, but it's when I get the, it's when I get like reaper
like the two characters I just, I can't play for crap are reaper and especially tracer.
I just don't understand how to play tracer.
Like I'm trying, like I'm trying, I'm learning more about how like you kind of dart in to
hit somebody in the back line and then pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, and then rewind to get
back to where you were.
But it's, it's, I, I, I'm better at it with Sombra and I, I really liked the changes they
made with Sombra because now the little invisibility and the teleportation mechanism are infinite
amount of time except the teleportation mechanism can be destroyed, but if you hide it well
enough, that won't be a problem.
So that's what I like to do with Sombra is run in there invisible, then make myself visible
to try to get the healer in the back line or at least hack them.
So mercy can't rez or something.
And then the minute they see me, poof, teleport out of there.
So it's, it's kind of like a similar strategy.
I think I'm just better at it with Sombra than I am with tracer.
So let's see, we can hit chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
Bonds 006 says, no, Rob, I don't want any Overwatch in my heroes of the storm.
Too late.
Like six characters from Overwatch in heroes of the storm, like Ana, Lucio, Zarya, Junkrat,
Hanzo, like, and I really enjoy playing Hanzo in heroes of the storm, but I would say he's,
he's probably the third character I get pissed off when I get in random heroes in Overwatch.
Cause I don't like playing with him either.
But oddly I can do Widowmaker.
I just can't do Hanzo.
It's weird.
Uh, let's see.
And then sj100matt says, I can't play tracer either.
Okay, good.
And bonds 006 says, I target all D.Va players.
She is annoying.
Uh, D.Va, yeah, D.Va's one of the few tanks that I feel like I can actually sort of play.
I feel like my best tank is Orisa.
I have yet to be able to play any tank as good as I can Orisa, but, um, yeah, I, I do
like D.Va.
D.Va's probably my second or third.
Um, oh, in heroes of the storm though, I don't like D.Va in heroes of the storm.
I don't think, she, she doesn't really work the same way in heroes of the storm.
I don't like her in that game.
Um, it's just not the same, so, um, but I've seen other people use her well, I'm just not
good with her.
Anyway, other stuff I played this week, uh, Pokemon Go as well, of course, I'm always
playing that.
Uh, and I think I mentioned the level 16 in Ingress, I mentioned that last show, right?
Cause I think it was last Friday.
Okay.
Uh, but I'm still playing it.
I didn't stop.
Uh, and I know they had a big, big Ingress thing, like all the, uh, people that you heard
on the show back in January.
They were all in San Diego cause they had the big live event in San Diego this weekend.
Oh, I got a little pop up when I opened Ingress today.
Yeah, and I, I couldn't, because of Clue again, I couldn't do anything.
You know, sometimes I do behind the scenes support, but I couldn't do it even for this.
So uh, but I'm glad to hear they did, my team did really well, so it was very happy to hear
it.
Um, anyway, um, other stuff that I did play, No Man's Sky next.
So I went back to No Man's Sky this week as I imagine a lot of you did.
Uh, and if you own the game and you haven't gone back, you really should.
I mean, because it's not going to cost you anything.
This is not pay content.
This is them trying to Diablo 3 or Final Fantasy 14 their game.
They're trying to bring it back from a game that was very broken and well, I don't know.
I said, let me dial it back.
I don't think No Man's Sky was ever like super broken, but clearly it was not the fully realized
game that they were hyping up or that they really wanted it to be.
So they were doing these patches for a little while and then they've kind of been silent
for about nine months while they've been working on this big patch.
So they put out this big patch and now you can do a multiplayer, uh, Dark Soccer.
You might be interested in this.
The default view now is third person.
So No Man's Sky is no longer exclusively a first person thing.
You can play in third person because I know you've talked about on the show before your
motion sickness where you way prefer a third person view because you can do that better.
If I didn't have so many things on my list, I would go for it.
Yeah.
I think, I think you would get a kick out of No Man's Sky actually.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's hard to say.
Sometimes I, I have a hard time judging your tastes.
I would have never guessed that you would have become as obsessed with like Dragon Age
and Mass Effect as you did.
You know what I mean?
They're fine.
Yeah, no, I, I, I, but it's mostly because of good character development.
Yeah, no, they do have a great story.
They really do.
Um, so anyway, um, but unfortunately No Man's Sky doesn't really have story.
Um, it's more of like a sandbox type of thing.
I mean, there is a story, but you know, technically there's a story in Minecraft too.
You know what I mean?
So anyway.
Um, but I, I, yeah, I'm enjoying the updates.
I was doing some live streams, uh, over on my Twitch channel, Rob Roberts on Twitch.
And uh, I was doing some streams and, uh, when I was playing one of them, Bobby Blackwolf,
uh, from also from VOG ended up joining my game.
And so he was able to come to my planet.
So in my solar system, I started on a really crappy planet and I think that's what this
game is doing now.
I think it starts you on a crappy planet on purpose so that you have to learn real quick
about the basic techniques for survival.
But the good news is they put in like these quick access menu that make it really easy
to like feed yourself the oxygen and the, um, sodium and the stuff that you need to
kind of like for basic life support.
You can feed that really easy as opposed to like having to like open up the menu going
to this.
It was really cumbersome before.
Um, so they made that really easy.
So you learn how to survive really quick, which I actually, even though it was kind
of scary and annoying, I think it taught me the game better by doing that.
So anyway, I went to another planet.
It was also very toxic.
But the third planet I went to, I touched down and the little planet scan shows up and
it's like sentinels, not very aggressive, um, animal life, peaceful, uh, weather blissful.
And everything was like, it was like, this planet is like a casuals dream, right?
There's like nothing going on in this planet and it's a beautiful planet.
So I named it because I remember blissful was the term that stuck out of my mind.
I named the planet Blissey.
So there's this planet called Blissey in a universe that Bobby ended up naming Voglandia.
So there's the planet Blissey.
And so Bobby kind of like moved in on that planet.
So I created a base and apparently since I stopped, I have not logged in since I made
that base.
Apparently he made a base across the lake as well.
So he's kind of moved in on that planet and I know Dungeon Buster showed up.
My friend Neil showed up.
I don't know if they made bases too, but I know like people have been converging on planet
Blissey as kind of like, and that's kind of cool because we were able to do multiplayer.
And so I was running around with Bobby and we were trying to find the only downside to
Blissey that we kind of have learned.
There's like no caves.
There is no natural cave system.
And even if you try to make your own caves, like we're not finding anything like the planet
is very flat.
So we're not finding the resources we need that are usually underground.
So but we were trying to run around looking for him and I would keep getting distracted
and be like, Bobby, look at this tower over here and we'd be on our jet packs like flying
over there.
And that was kind of cool.
Like that we could go like explore that together.
And I didn't realize I think how cool of a feature that was and maybe why people wanted
that so bad in the beginning until I kind of experienced that and then experience that
we would get to the tower and then Bobby would take the item in the tower before I could
get to it.
So that was a whole experience that I didn't get in the original No Man's Sky, but it was
fun.
It was good.
It's like it's 25 bucks for PS4.
Yeah.
Um, I think it's been having like a half off sales since I didn't already, you know, spend
a hundred bucks on video games this weekend.
I know.
I hear you.
I feel the fine cheap use too because I'm sure a lot of people just said, ah, fuck this.
And yeah, it might still be out there.
Use it.
Might be harder to find now.
So that people are scooping it up because of the update.
I'm for 25 bucks for the prime.
I should say though, yeah, Bobby and I are on the PS4 version of the game just because
that's, I thought I doubled it.
I thought I did get it on PC at one point.
I swear I double dipped and got it on PC, but I don't have it on my computer.
I searched everything.
It's not my steam library and I don't think I would have bought it on GOG.
In fact, I looked on GOG.
It wasn't there and I don't think I bought it anywhere else.
GOG's not getting the update until later.
Yeah, I heard about the GOG stuff.
So, but did you hear that GOG was willing to like refund anybody on that game?
Oh yeah.
GOG came out and was like, if you're unhappy about this, we tried to work with the developer.
You can refund the game basically.
So I thought that was, you know, good man GOG.
Woo.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, I thought I had it on PC, but I don't.
Alan has it on PC.
So I think what happened is that when our steam libraries would still talk to each other,
because that stopped working a long time ago, I think I might've used his copy of No Man's
Sky at one point.
And I think that's why I remember playing it on PC.
But anyway, Dungeon Buster says I found a cave on my second visit.
Oh my gosh.
I didn't know that.
Planet Blissey has caves that are just really far apart.
Oh, that's good to know.
You have to mark that somehow so we can find it, Dungeon Buster.
Bobby Blackwool says it only happened once.
I never did it again yet in regards to us stealing from me.
Uh, anyway, so yeah, if you, if you owned No Man's Sky at some point, you really should
check it out again.
I think it's worth 25 bucks, 60 bucks, 30 on steam, 60 bucks, 30 is a good price too.
60.
I don't know.
It would really depend on how you feel about the genre.
Like if you know what you're getting into, you like sandbox games.
This is, you know, don't be like the people that got all pissed off when they bought this
game the first time because they didn't really know what they were getting into.
You know what I mean?
And I just bought it.
Did you really?
It was half price.
Oh, but you have it on PC.
No, no.
I have it on PC.
So, oh, but sadly you can't play with us cause you're on PC.
But that's okay.
Well then I'll refund it.
I'll probably double dip.
Well, you should still play.
I think you'd like it.
Alan's on PC.
You should get him to play.
So anyway.
Alright.
If there's anyone else on PC, you should meet up with Dark Sakura.
Let's see.
Oh, they're talking about Pokemon.
I'm like, the planet, like any Blissey, is 365 hit points and a pain in the ass to take
down.
There you go.
Brad from Pod Culture's on PC.
So I'm sure there's some people also on PC.
I wish they would speak to each other, but we know how Sony is with cross play right
now and it makes me very cross.
Anyway.
There you go with our gaming weeks.
Some quick announcements.
There will be no show the weekend of August, I'm trying to remember off the top of my head
or does it have been September?
No, it'll be September 2nd at that point.
There'll be no show September 2nd because I will be at Dragon Con and I'm very excited
about that.
I had a great time at Dragon Con last year and the last what, six years I've been.
So excited for Dragon Con this year.
Hoping to be able to tell you guys very soon about some panels I'll be working with and
I hope to see you guys there.
But there will be no show Labor Day weekend, September 2nd.
I'll be at Sleep Con.
You'll be at Sleep Con?
Nap Con?
Nap Con.
Sounds like fun.
Well, with a nice long weekend, you guys can do, you know, other stuff too.
So what didn't you, weren't you saying you might hit up SAC Anime because I know that's
that same weekend.
So.
Not this SAC Anime.
I'm planning on January.
Gotcha.
Gotcha.
I'm going to redo my Jill Valentine costume.
Oh, fun.
Good times.
Don't end up a Jill sandwich.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, what, what else happened in games this week?
All right.
So this week, uh, we had Nintendo suing pirates.
Yeah.
I'm surprised it's taken so long to do that, but, um, apparently they have filed lawsuits
against two ROM sites, one called Love ROMs and the other one LoveRetro.co, which are
both operated by some guy named Jacob Matthias and are built entirely on the brazen and mass
scale infringement and Nintendo's intellectual property rights.
I've never heard of these sites and I know I don't use these sites for getting ROMs,
so I'm kind of surprised that this is who they targeted first.
I think one of these sites, maybe both of them, the big difference that I noticed that
probably made them a target was the fact that you could play the games right there in the
browser, like the emulator and the game were both together.
It was like an in-browser emulator.
I've been looking at, has the same thing.
No, I know.
I know.
Please.
It's like porn.
There's ROM sites everywhere.
So, you know, this is clearly some type of scare move by Nintendo.
I don't know.
It's weird because look, I, I don't want to say like, like the reality is when you get
into this whole business with ROMs, you are getting into this real gray area when it comes
to legality.
You're just going to push it underground more.
It's just going to go into torrents instead.
You're just going to have to download the whole ROM sets instead.
And they're not solving any problem.
They're just kind of sweeping it under the rug basically.
It's like, Oh yeah, you're not going to eliminate piracy of your ROMs on the internet.
And what's the point even cause you don't have your fucking virtual console anymore.
Well on they're gearing up for that.
We know that.
Right.
I'm gearing up for that announcement any day now.
What's it, when's it coming out again?
How many weeks do we have for them to make that fucking announcement?
So here's the problem.
It's the year 2018.
Okay.
I know I have been using ROMs and NES emulators since I was in college in 1998.
So like those things have been around for at least 20 years.
And I know Nintendo has enforced some of this in the past.
It's fine.
But it just seems a little weird where it's like, why now all of a sudden, and as much
as you're sassing what I'm saying here, I do think a part of it is because Nintendo
is about to unleash Switch's version of the retro gaming, whatever it is.
And so they're setting an example, they're making an example of these to try to scare
other people off from it.
But I don't necessarily disagree.
And I don't want to come off as, Oh, I completely like, I get it.
This is like a legal gray area.
It's not even really a gray area.
Like you are like, you're not supposed to be doing this now where I think it is a gray
area is well, but if I bought these games, you know, but cause you know, with, with the
patent having expired on the Nintendo hardware technology, something like a retron five,
which is completely legal to loan.
What is that doing?
It's dumping your cartridges to a PC format and emulating there on the spot, right?
So I mean like with stuff I already own, it shouldn't be as big of an issue.
And I understand, and I'm sure there's going to be those who want to play devil's advocate
and shadow.
Like, no, that's still legal.
But look, I get it.
I get it.
But I don't know.
There's also something about kind of like what you were alluding to where it's like,
how much money is Nintendo really losing on this whole thing?
Especially for people that just want to play games that they already own.
Probably less money than they spent on lawyers for this.
It's hard to tell.
I don't know.
Like when it comes to emulating games, I find also that nothing really beats the real thing.
Um, no, granted.
I like the classic NES.
I like the virtual console.
I realize those are emulated, but nothing really beats the real thing.
I've downloaded the whole Nintendo ROM set like dozens of times, and I still buy their
shit on virtual console.
The only person that's keeping money out of Nintendo's pockets right now is Nintendo.
Because you're not providing me a way to give you money for the game that I want.
So why are you going out through these ROM sites?
It's not like you, hey, put out the virtual console and nothing's selling because everybody's
just downloading ROMs for free.
That's not what's fucking happening.
What's fucking happening is you're not selling the games in the first place.
I can't give you the money, Nintendo.
Why do you hate money so much?
Do you think part of it has to do with the classic NES hacking?
Just throwing it out there?
They should have fixed it when either the Super NES came out or when they re-released
the NES.
They could have fixed that shit, but they didn't.
Well, but let's be real, Loki.
A, we all know hackers gonna hack.
They're never gonna fix them.
B, if those things are running on Linux, that's especially so, that they were never gonna
fix those things.
As long as they were running Linux, people were always going to be able to backdoor their
way into those things and put whatever they want on them.
Which interestingly enough, I still haven't done with my classic NES.
I haven't decided if that's something I want to do or not.
You should.
It's super easy.
I know.
I know.
But I don't know.
Part of me kind of likes that it's as like a collectible.
It's untouched.
It's the way it is.
If I want to play any of that other stuff, I have it all on PC because I got it years
ago.
You know what I mean?
But I don't find that I, I guess I don't find that I play a lot of that stuff on PC.
Like when I go through my emulator collection on PC, I'll play something for like five minutes
and I'll be like, cool, next.
You know, I don't really play those games as like start to finish.
Like the NES controller to actually play stuff.
True.
True.
You could just hack it and you wouldn't even notice it.
You just, you just push in guardian legend.
You wouldn't even notice that anything's different.
It would be all, it looks exactly the same.
You just, it's just, now you have guardian legend in there.
Uh, bonds, double 06 and chat says, Rob wants to keep his collection of Virgin for as long
as possible.
Keep it pure Rob.
That's right.
I don't want, I don't want your dirty internet hands touching, touching my daughter.
Uh, Brad from pod culture also says it's a super easy to, I guess, hack those things.
So Brad from pod culture suggests you sneak in and hack it while I'm away at dragon con.
Now that's mean no touching my stuff while I'm not here.
Maybe I'm going to now, now Brad, I'm going to take my classic NES to pod culture.
I'm going to say if I take it to him, he'll hack it.
I'm going to take my classic NES to dragon con because it is small enough to fit in that
thing.
Just so look, you can't touch it.
I'm not driving over here to hack that thing is not a thing that is on any sort of priority.
All right, let's move on and talk about, uh, changes and other change in gaming.
And this kind of has to do with something that's been an argument, I guess for the past
year or so.
And that has to do with loot boxes.
Well, uh, turn 10, the developer of forza, motorsport seven has announced that prize
crates will be being removed from forza motorsports seven.
This is a game that is already out.
Uh, they're going to take out the prize crates, uh, for now, uh, right now, cars are completely
out of the prize crates.
There are no competitive advantage to them.
There are now only cosmetic items like driver gear and badges and mods that can increase
rewards in single player.
There used to be cars that were exclusive in prize crates.
Those can now be bought normally.
Um, what's interesting though, I think what makes this a little bit different is that
the price crates, uh, were never on sale for real money in the games marketplace.
It looked like it was all set up for that, but something stopped them from turning that
on.
I wonder what that could have been at the end of last year when forza motorsport came
out.
I don't know, but they never turned on selling these things for real money.
So instead I'm assuming the price crates are must be things that you can like kind of win
from in game.
Here's what you have to do.
You have to look at one thing.
One, is your game free to play?
No, then get that shit out of that fucking game.
All right.
Uh, so, um, they're going to step further though now that they, even though they're
not selling these things anymore, uh, they are just getting rid of them.
Also, uh, paid tokens will not be in forza motorsport seven or horizon four.
Uh, so even if you don't play the mainline forza games, maybe you play the, uh, horizon
spin off games for coming out again, October, I know I'm excited too.
I'm really excited about that to register participation for this week's episode of orange
on radio at vog network.com use the passphrase side.
So um, yeah, forza horizon four will be coming out in October and uh, these will not be a
part of that.
So they're, they're learning their loot box lesson now so that forza horizon can be pure.
Isn't that nice?
Very refreshing.
Good for doing the right thing.
I'm not patting you on the back though for it because you should have fucking been doing
this all along.
Uh, Bobby in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com confirms it's October 2nd is the day it comes
out.
That's even.
Hooray.
Hooray.
I love me.
So we're still disappointed by Nintendo's announcement.
We still have horizon four.
That's right.
There's still something to look forward to.
Someone's got our back on the horizon.
I'm not, I'm not even going to.
Next up on the horizon, dark Sakura.
Well, there are going to be some new arcade cabinets released for old games.
They um, are from arcade one up and they will have different games featured for each package.
There's going to be a centipede cabinet that has centipede millipede missile command and
crystal castles.
So I guess all the track ball games, um, an asteroids cabinet that has asteroids, tempest,
major havoc and lunar Lander, uh, then one with rampage defender, joust and gauntlet.
And then a street fighter two championship cabinet, which is a street fighter two championship
edition super street fighter two new challengers and super street fighter two turbo.
And then the final fight cabinet, which is final fight 1944, the loop master ghosts and
goblins and Strider.
Um, they're about 400 a pop and they are three quarter size of the original cabinets and
it will come with a cabinet riser and a potential stool.
He needed to build them.
They're like Ikea for arcade cabinets.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like a lot of furniture.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
So I mentioned they're kind of like this.
I mean, I, sorry you guys, it's a radio show, but I imagine they're kind of like this thing
that we have in studio, which was at Loki's old work.
I mentioned they're kind of like that.
That's a bar top cabinet though.
It's an actual standup.
Have you seen the smaller cabinets that they have at California extreme?
I actually haven't.
They look like they're for small teenagers.
Yeah.
That's about the size.
Interesting.
Okay.
Probably about five foot.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Like I would almost be interested in getting one, but the price is a little high.
You know, it's hard to justify when I know our cabinet, I don't think that's with a 17
inch LCD monitor.
Yeah, that's true.
And that's the monitor that probably makes the price so high.
You know what I mean?
It's basically a television.
I don't see why it's high at all because you can to buy a full size arcade cabinet sometimes
without the monitor is still somewhere between 300 to, you know, 700 depending on the cabinet.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
And that's one game.
Maybe I'm also thinking like about space just from the perspective of, again, because this
thing is here and just in general, I really don't.
It's kind of like the same conundrum I have with pinball machines in here.
As much as I would love to own my own pinball machine, I'm like, there's no space.
Keep in mind a pinball, you're looking in the thousands.
Oh yeah, no, I know that.
I know that.
So I don't know.
It's one of those things where it's like, if I had more of that space and the desire,
I might do it.
Especially that Final Fight cabinet.
Sounds like the best one.
The one with Strider on it.
Yeah, the one with Strider on it.
That sounds like the best one for sure.
And again, I already have an Ultracade, so.
Do you kick it?
Sometimes.
Okay, good.
All right.
Well, I think it is a neat little collection thing.
It is interesting too, how like Walmart is selling these and like Walmart has been in
like the classic arcade business.
I loved your little games again.
No, that's fine.
But like, and so there's the itty bitty way.
Those are like keychain itty bitty games, right?
Or how big are those?
Well, no.
Yeah, the ones I got you were about half as tall.
Okay.
And so she's pointing at the like the $20 ones that were like the tiny little cabinets
that are out there too, with like Cuber and Asteroids and stuff.
So yeah, so it's like Walmart is like in this classic retro arcade biz, all of a sudden
it's very interesting.
So going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dark Tetsuya says Walmart is only $300.
I guess that's what they do is undercut everybody else.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think they're a little bit bigger than the bar top.
The risers are supposed to help.
These will work right out of the box after you put them together.
Getting a cabinet off Craigslist, you might get a mostly working machine.
It is, I will say though, it is still my dream someday to own a baby Pac-Man machine
that is still like the thing that I want more than anything.
So all right, well, let's move on with some more news.
Loki.
All right.
So IntiCrate is actually looking at, they want to remake Zelda 2.
And you may remember them from such wonderful games on the Nintendo platforms, like Blaster
Master Zero, or they also had, oh yeah, they also did the bloodsitting curse of the moon
thing that was on there in Mighty Gunvel.
So they did Mighty No. 9 too.
Yeah, it was, yeah, unfortunately it's okay, but everything else is good.
So that's fine.
But apparently, you know, saying that, yeah, he would love to make it a new adventure of
Link for the modern era.
One that doesn't play like crap.
Uh, yeah, hopefully.
I'm sorry, I don't like Zelda 2.
Dan really likes it though.
But I'd be cool like with a game that didn't suck that was that style, like a, I don't
know.
I like Zelda 2.
I get it's different.
I get why it puts people off.
I totally get why it puts people off, but I really like it for what it is.
And I would so be on board with IntiCrate's getting it, but I just don't think, Nintendo
is, well, I'm about to say Nintendo is never going to let another company touch one of
their biggest properties.
But as those words leave my mouth, I then remember Metroid Other M. I then remember,
well, heck that, uh, latest Metroid game, you know?
So like it's, it's not like it's that uncommon, but it's just like Nintendo letting someone
else make a Zelda.
I don't know about that.
I know.
I'm just like, oh, I would love to see it.
Didn't Capcom help with like one of the four swords adventures or something like that?
Or I thought that like they had other, they've had third parties do things, but I think it
was reaching out to the third parties for that.
Reach out.
It's not like, you know, more Zelda games would be a terrible thing.
Well, I just want to see what IntiCrate's is going to be working on next because I think
they they've been doing some great stuff.
Obviously I love that Blaster Master Zero.
That was a great, you know, especially because I was worried about Blaster Master because
you know, some of the other reimaginings have not been so great.
I think they really did a good job with that one.
So I'm, uh, I, you know what, if they want to try their hand at Zelda two, what's the
worst that could happen?
It can't possibly be as bad as Zelda, um, 3D Oh,
exactly.
I know that.
Listen, that was a long time ago.
I think you learned your lesson with, you know, licensing that out to third parties
on other systems and also movie licensing rights, but it's a different, it's a different
decade now.
I mean, we can put that all behind us and try again.
It's a new decade.
Let's come together and try to do this again.
All right.
Well, uh, also for a new decade, uh, we are having, uh, a, I think a kind of a popular
music game from, from some people, for some people, I don't know if everybody's ever experienced
this game, but it's a game called Taiko no Tatsujin, uh, this is, uh, was once released
here in the States as Taiko Drum Master, um, because that's what it, that's what Taiko
no Tatsujin means.
Um, but this, I think it was released on the Wii, I want to say, as Taiko Drum Masters.
That sound right, you guys?
I think so.
Uh, well, it's going to be coming out again, uh, Taiko no Tatsujin, Drum Session and Taiko
no Tatsujin, Drum and Fun, uh, they're going to come out for PS4 and Nintendo Switch.
And, uh, I think one is for PS4, the other's Nintendo Switch.
They're going to come out actually in Western and European territories.
So we're going to get a localized release of these games on November 2nd.
And that's pretty cool.
Um, there's a whole little post on the PlayStation blog about it.
Uh, they're going to bring in some songs from, uh, some things you might've heard of like
Neon Genesis Evangelion, uh, Vocaloid Producers, I'm assuming that means Masunomiku, uh, Disney
Favorites from Zootopia and Frozen.
Although if Let It Go is one of the songs, I will probably put a hole in my drum.
So I don't know about that.
Um, but anyway, also songs from other Namco properties like Tekken, the Tales series,
Idolmaster, you know, what's missing from that list?
Katamari Damacy, just saying, anyway, the PS4 has ranked mode and there will be motion
controls in the Nintendo Switch version.
Although honestly, if there is not a physical drum, don't do it because, uh, the whole like
waving the Wiimotes around, I realize we're in like HD motion detection now and this stuff,
it's just, it's not going to be the same.
It's not going to be the same if it's not a tangible drum.
Anyway, uh, no word on if the controller peripheral is coming out in the West.
So if there's no official controller, you may just have to play this on PlayStation
4, like with X's and O's and that, I don't know if that would be the same.
Anyway, apparently Bandai Namco did confirm later in the week, there is no set plan to
bring that drum controller to North America.
I don't know guys, that kind of loses a lot of it for me.
Anyway, it will have a physical release in America on both PS4 and Switch, digital only
in Europe.
So it will not, although you'll get a localized version, you'll only be able to get it on
the store, uh, which is, I mean, kind of like how they released a DJ Max on PS4 over here.
So there you go.
Anyway, let's move on to a different sort of story, but something a little more positive.
Right, Darsakra?
There was a study that was conducted at Harvard Medical School in 2017 that was released that
talks about how loneliness can be more detrimental to your health than smoking would be.
And talked about increasing the relationships through your friends and family members through
games.
And it was even saying that video games contribute to that as well.
They also found out that the games have the ability to change your brain structurally
and functionally.
It can promote neurogenesis, which is the growth of new neurons, and neuroplasticity,
which is the change in neural pathways and synapses.
Basically it keeps your brain alert and functioning well.
There are also showing in another study in 2017 that was published in frontiers in human
neuroscience that gamers who got together to play games like Baduke or Go had an increase
in their gray matter.
And a decrease in the, I'm going to mispronounce this, amygdala, which I guess is a good thing.
But basically the gray matter increase in the nucleus acumen leads to more positive
experiences and enthusiasm.
The decrease in gray matter in the amygdala leads to stress reduction and an increased
calmness.
But also, especially with action video games, they found that it increased your gray matter
and functional connectivity in other regions of the brain.
Especially into the cerebral cortex, which is responsible for self-awareness and present
moments awareness.
So basically it leads to better decision making and better intuition.
Board games are really good for increasing strength in the hippocampus and the prefrontal
cortex, which usually improve cognitive functions that affect IQ, memory, and information retention
and problem solving.
So basically playing games of strategy and playing video games help increase your memory,
increase your mood for the most part, and also can functionally affect your brain biologically.
Can they make you as cool as smoking cigarettes?
Stop it now.
Stop.
Well one of the other things too is that playing collaborative games improves your computational
thinking, including skills affecting logic, distributed processing, debugging, and simulation
and algorithm building.
So basically collaborative strategy games will increase your ability to code or pick
up coding.
Yeah, you know, and I remember when I was younger.
Maybe some of these tricks we use on young children can also work on Loki, who knows?
But I remember when I was younger, when Apple IIe's and Commodore 64's were all the rage,
all the schools had Apple IIe's, right?
That was like the school computer.
And they would actually have, I don't know if it was like the Parks and Rec or if it
was like some type of summer school thing.
But I remember they would have nighttime classes on learn how to do basic programming on an
Apple IIe.
I think a lot of it, I want to say, was logo.
Now I'm sure, and not to be confused with a television network that brought us RuPaul's
Drag Race, that's something very different, but logo was a programming language, like
in the 80s, that was on Apple IIe and I think they made versions of it for other things
as well.
And it was the whole thing where you had the turtle, it was a graphics drawing program,
right?
So you would do things like, and I don't remember all the instructions, some of you guys probably
remember this better, but it was like pen down, forward 30, turn 90, and it was like
you turn the angle.
But like what you could do is you could build like, I think there was maybe like if then
or there were ways to build loops so that when you wrote a certain thing, you could
actually build like a spiral graph sort of thing where you get the turtle to turn a certain
degrees, draw a square, he would make these really pretty shapes and you could like have
it change the colors.
And so you, but that's what I did when I was like seven years old that kind of like taught
me about programming and I feel like some of that made me more smarter.
Well, here's the other good thing though about video games in particular, is that they're
actually showing that video games can help with children with dyslexia.
And also other benefits, the big thing is increased, will increase metacognition.
So basically metacognition is thinking about thinking and part of meditation.
And they were showing that for children and adults, but mostly children who would play
games and then meditate and follow these in certain cycles, actually found other increase
in not just their cognition, but in their joy in participating in things.
So really I find it very fascinating, you know, we have this camp who likes to make
video games the scapegoat for everything, but in the long run though, playing these
games are actually kind of good for you.
Who said more smarter?
I did.
I was making it funny.
I said, learning all that stuff at a young age made me more smarter.
You missed the joke because you were focused on your story.
So anyhow, but Loki's response in chat said, I know it's smarter, I should have said more
smarter.
All right.
Anyway, in all seriousness, let me get some comments in the chat.
Less dumb is legit to tell someone not to be, or to tell someone to be, like world be
less dumb.
Loki be less dumb.
All right.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat, who's not dumb at all, says the TI 85 calculator had a similar
drawing system logo.
Here's another great thing I remember from younger.
I had a friend program pole position.
Oh yeah.
You could do like mini games.
I remember there's a Tetris one floating around.
You could do assembly on that son of a bitch.
Those things were powerful little things.
Powerful little fuckers, weren't they?
Yeah, they sure were.
And yet-
And expensive.
They were expensive, especially at the time.
I could only afford an 82.
I feel like-
I have a TI 85 somewhere because I had to have it for, not chemistry, but algebra.
Do they still make TI 85s?
I feel like they probably do.
Yes, they do.
Yeah.
And they're probably like 20 bucks now when-
Nope.
Oh really?
No, they're still expensive.
Hold on.
I'll get you the price.
Really?
I would have thought maybe because of the technology and everything.
It's because they have a hold on that math market, and so it's like you pay up fuckers.
Game boy games ain't free anymore.
Okay, I take that back.
People are selling them for about 20 bucks to nine bucks on eBay.
I think that's been replaced by the TA, I want to say by a different TI because I had
a different one.
Maybe a TI 87 was the one I had?
Let me look real quick.
TI 82, and I remember I had to try to build a serial cable for it, and that was not fun.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, TI still corners the market on graphing calculators, so I'm
sure they must have some sort of patent or something that allows them to kind of do that.
You know what I mean?
I think though, nowadays though, I'd imagine that that would be coming down because couldn't
you just download an app for your phone to do the same damn shit?
Well, okay, here's the thing, TI 84 is okay, that was the one I had in college.
The problem with it is that, and I even asked my teacher about that because the iPhone has
a graphing calculator built into it, but you can also use your iPhone for many other things,
including looking up answers and using automatic tools, so they always had us put away our
phone and bust out the graphing calculator.
I get it, so you can use a graphing calculator on a test, but you can't use a phone on a
test.
Precisely.
Or you can write down your notes on the graphing calculator.
Yeah, I was going to say, if you put pole position on a graphing calculator, you could
probably-
I'm going to put the fucking internet.
But I think the average person doesn't know how to do it.
Yeah, and right now, the TI 84 graphing calculator is about 90 bucks.
Bobby, or excuse me, it's actually Bob Coffee in chat says, it's not a patent, it's educational
contracts.
Interesting.
Isn't that how Apple got through some of its darkest years too, like pre iPhone, iTunes,
and all that?
Like it was because it's educational contracts, like the fact that they were in every school,
every institution really kind of kept on going through some of the darker years of the company.
This is crazy.
Texas Instruments stock is at $112.
Wow.
So, they're clearly doing something right.
Yeah, by not giving away tickets to movies.
Interesting.
So, Bobby points out, Apple and TI did do the same thing with educational contracts.
He also said, and he brought up the same point that we eventually got to, that they won't
let their kids have a phone out during the test, but I still programmed equations into
my TI 85.
The program was named ZZZ.
I was sneaky.
Well, Bobby Blackwell, if a true nerd would have named it ZZZT, I'm actually on the Texas
Instruments website and the TI 89 titanium, holy crap, it actually does wireframe and
you can kill a man with it.
TI 89 titanium.
That sounds like one of the weapons in the movie last night and they have a color one
now called the TI Nspire.
Oh my God.
It's just absolutely crazy.
It's got CAD built in.
You tell me what other gaming podcast devolves into a conversation on graphing calculators.
Oh, I'm sure there's plenty.
You find it.
I'm sure there's plenty.
Alright.
This week we're focusing on the Texas Instruments.
I think next year Dark Soccer should do the classic calculator of the month.
Girl.
Alright.
Alright.
This week it's Casio watch calculator.
Oh my God.
Okay.
We could fill 12 months of calculating because you, you could totally have the Casio watch.
Oh my God.
That takes me fucking back.
The Casio watch calculators.
And then I remember the one that looked like a little professor.
Do you guys know what I'm talking?
There was like a professor calculator.
It looked like a little dude with a mustache.
Somebody's got to know what I'm talking about.
This time we're doing your parents calculator.
That's right.
A rule.
An abacus.
Abacus.
Yeah.
You know what I could do though?
A speak in math.
Classic computer of the month.
Okay.
I'll start off with the IBM 486.
Alright.
I'm loving it.
Anyway.
Uh, in the meantime we got to get to some more news so we can get to the actual classic
game of the week.
But how about a new game first, Loki?
Yeah.
I'm actually kind of excited about this.
I don't really care for the labo stuff cause well, okay.
I take that back.
I care for the price of the labo stuff is what I really meant to say.
But they have a new labo set that's going to be coming out and this one's basically
about driving or vehicles or whatever.
So you can build three separate vehicles with it and they have like this different key that
goes in there.
So there's like a driving one that actually has a foot pedal.
There's like a submarine thing and an airplane joystick and that should be coming out.
I don't know when the date is on that, but the trailer is pretty cool and we don't know
the price yet, but I'm assuming it's going to be around the same price either 69 or $79.
But neat.
Oh, September.
That's right.
September is supposed to come out.
Just for the record, Dark Tetsuya found it cause that's, that's what our live listeners
do.
The calculator was called the little professor.
It was a little, little professor was the name of it.
And his little hat is that, um, what did they call the screens that were like the real
red glowing led or were they led LCD, but they were red and glowing and looking for
evil.
Yeah.
They used to make alarm clocks out of those back in the day and it was like, it's 6am.
You're going to go to hell.
Like that's what things look like in the dark.
Virtual boy.
Yeah.
They still sell those.
What little professors?
No, the clocks.
Oh really?
Oh my gosh.
I have one for my son.
All right.
Both my kids have those.
Scare.
I'm young.
All right.
They're blue.
I mean, they're not red.
Well, speaking of amazing computers and it's, I, it's almost like we planned it this way.
Uh, the Commodore 64 mini is coming to the U S very cool about this.
So, uh, the common, the C 64 mini is, uh, going to be loaded with ready for this 64
classic titles.
Where did they pull that number out of the hat?
Remember, remember just last week on this show when you couldn't remember how much memory
was in a Commodore 64 Loki, I didn't have a Commodore 64, 64 kilobytes.
That could, that 64 can admit anything anyway, it could have been the speed.
It could have been anything.
All right.
Be quiet.
Some of the notable titles include California games, winter games, impossible mission to,
Oh, I hope the first one's there to, uh, Boulder dash, uh, jump man, pit stop to speedball
to street sports, baseball, summer games to the temple of app, shy trilogy, uh, your radium.
Like I know some of you guys are like, I've never heard of this shit.
Those are all fucking classics that I just named right there.
Amazing, amazing list of games there.
So of course it all connects via HTMI.
Uh, and I guess right now, uh, October 9th is the date that they're targeting and you
can get more details at the C 64.com.
And if I remember right, you can still, you, because it actually is like a full functional
keyboard and everything.
You can still use these like they are a Commodore 64.
So yeah, they say complete with a fully working version of C 64 basic and a USB joystick.
So I can actually start to write programs.
I don't know how it's going to save or any of that stuff.
And I'm sure, I'm sure somebody's already figured it because I think this thing's already
been out in Europe where the Commodore 64 is even bigger.
I'm sure somebody's thought of a way to like load their own C 64 discs and disc images
onto this thing.
There's gotta be.
So I can play like the C 64 games that I loved that nobody else loved, like the Dragon's
Lair games.
I'm telling you the Dragon's Lair games, there was two of them because, um, and it's nothing
like the Dragon's Lair arcade game because obviously the arcade game is too, it was too
strong graphically, but the music in those games are some of my favorite chiptunes like
ever in like the C 64 era.
Anyway.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, you don't even have to hack it.
They tell you exactly how to do it.
A new firmware update will allow you to have more than just one D 64 file.
Well that's pretty awesome, especially because I think one reason they kind of have to do
this is that those disc images, like those magnetic discs are like eroding over time.
Like those discs are not holding up all these years later.
So are we going to be, are we going to be able to run Gios on this?
You know what Gios is?
It made your Commodore 64 look just like a early, early Macintosh early cause it was
like graphic evolution, something operating system, graphic enhanced, gravity enhanced
operating system.
Gios.
Let's give it a gooey.
Anyway.
The only game I ever played on the Commodore 64 was kickstart motorcycle racing game.
Oh man.
I'm so excited.
I can't wait for this to come out because then I'm going to be hooking it up and like
streaming all the things on Twitch.
I'm so excited cause I love color 64 anyway.
The classic game of the week, however, dark soccer is going to dip into the gaming archives.
Sadly not from the Commodore 64, but there's just so many things to pick from, you know,
so dark soccer has picked a mighty fine choice this week.
I'm assuming it's gotta be something that came from California extreme.
I don't know.
Maybe.
No.
Oh wow.
That's something that got inspired from that.
All right.
Well then let's get to it.
I already had an idea to do this one.
I just put it off.
All right.
So, uh, every week you jump in the vault and find a game that the kids should be playing
this week.
Dark soccer.
What should the kids be playing this week?
I think it's captain commando.
Fuck yes.
That game is awesome.
Yes it is.
And what people may not realize is that captain commando was supposed to have been the mascot
for Capcom during that particular period.
There had been earlier incarnations of him that eventually worked into the character
we had in the video game.
Um, so it came out in 1991.
It was a futuristic side school and beat him up and it was released on the CP system.
Um, that was actually the 17th title in the CP system and he was conceived again as their
spokesperson to use in the late eighties.
So basically, um, you have four characters in this beat them up.
You have captain commando, who is the leader of the team.
Um, you have in the U S I'm going to give us things on the Japanese names.
Mac the knife, who is also named Jannetty in the Japanese version, who is a mummy commando
from outer space.
Um, he has this spinning attack, he's pretty fun.
And of course the U S name came after the song that's mac the knife.
Um, anyway, Genzu, the ninja who was called Shou in the Japanese version is a ninja, the
successor to the Bushimiya Nippo, um, who actually that same style was used by guy in
final fight.
So there you go.
Um, and then baby head, also known as Hoover, uh, Hoover.
Basically baby commando is a genius infant who fights in a robot that he designed.
Um, he has knee rockets, that's all you need to know, but he's a baby driving a mecha.
So anyway, it is basically, it plays a lot like final fight.
It is a beat them up, you have up to four players at the same time.
You can choose any of the four commandos and you know, each person has a different one.
So, um, the control configuration is just like final fight with an eight-way joystick.
Um, you can move left or right or toward or away and the buttons for attacking ninja.
Um, you also can pick up health restoring items, you can pick up, you can beat up destructible
objects and you can get bonus items and weapons.
So yeah, uh, the early, uh, captain commando looked like he honestly looked like he was
from the seventies.
He had like white flowing hair and gold chains around his neck and this disco looking outfit.
And then later on in the eighties he looked like, you know, the eighties spaceman.
Some fricking in-stream ad popped up and I didn't even notice it.
You need to put it on the ad blocker.
They don't always work anymore.
Anyway.
But anyway, um, many of Capcom's early titles in the NES featured, um, captain commando
on it between 1986 and 1989, um, 1942 commando, ghost and goblins, mega man, Trojan section
Z and gun smoke, um, all released as part of the cap captain commando challenge series
and had him on the back of the packaging in his futuristic space hero ray gun outfit with
his medallion that said, you know, see on each of them, very disco.
And then, um, the revised version of the one that looked, you know, more like a comic,
you know, it was almost like a GI Joe character, but futuristic, um, was in the 1989 lineup,
like strider, mega man, two willow and duck tales.
Um, so that's the pilot suit fighter jet style.
Um, and there was also a message on the artwork that said to the reader to look, look to him
for up to date reports for all exciting action games from Capcom and including this feature.
So other releases of captain commando we had, um, on the super nest, it came out in 1995.
It's only a two player one and shows fewer enemies, uh, on screen and doesn't have the
mech suit.
Um, it also is censored.
The PlayStation report came out in Japan on September 17th, 1998 by new ink.
Has up to three players with a multiplayer, using a multiplayer adapter.
Um, then we also had, uh, the CPS game, the full original version and Capcom classics
collection remix for PSP and Capcom's Capcom classics collection volume two for PS2 and
Xbox in 2006.
They were going to do a Sega CD version.
It was announced, but never released.
It was canceled.
As for the captain himself, he was a playable character in Marvel versus Capcom.
And um, that was in 1998 and he had a transformation sequence that had him going from a cowboy
outfit before going to superhero.
Um, he had his attacks from the game and his victory quotes are random Capcom trivia.
Um, you know, as a tribute to his, you know, old stuff.
Um, he was also in Marvel versus Capcom two, also in Capcom world two, Capcom cross, uh,
sorry, NAMCO cross Capcom project X zone two and SNK versus Capcom card fighters flash.
He was also in the Udon comics, um, a two volume manga that came out that was, uh, I'm
sorry, translated and published by Udon.
Um, but also the other thing is that the other commandos did show up in, in, uh, Marvel versus
Capcom for one of his hyper combo finishes.
So, um, the super Famicom game got a 21 out of 40 for Famicom sutin.
Um, the arcade game was listed as one of the top 21 beat em up games by heavy.com.
And there you go, captain commando.
Awesome game.
I used to go back as a, as a child because, you know, we used to go ride around on our
bikes and then local, you know, town to go play the different arcade games that were
everywhere.
So they had, you know, of course the street fighter two at the seven 11, but there was
a cafe that had captain commando and we'd go there and just play that all the way through
when they get hamburger.
I love that game.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Captain commando.
No, I never have.
Believe it or not.
Weren't the mechs that were in this one.
Those also in mega man X as well, because I remember they had like different elemental
mechs similar, you know?
And what's interesting too is that even though I never played that game, I remember the captain
captain commando being like the capcom mascot for like a real hot minute in like some of
the early NES manuals on, uh, you know, bring it back, do it.
Hey, Inti create.
If Nintendo says no to Zelda, how about a new captain commando?
Captain commando for smash.
I'd be down for that shit.
He was in Marvel versus capcom too.
And it was fucking awesome.
You know, I always used to play as captain commando.
You know, the latest big rumors, of course, there's always going to be rumors about smash
characters.
So take it with a gigantic, take it with like the, all of the salt Luigi.
They're going to add Waluigi because everyone's been bitching about Waluigi.
No, uh, apparently two more that are going to be revealed soon.
Isabel, which makes sense.
I mean, that one makes total sense.
Like Isabel is the subject of many interesting memes in Japan, uh, and in here too.
So Isabel would make a lot of sense.
Simon Belmont, the other one, I guess that they're talking about.
So he was in that, um, that Nintendo 64 smash game.
So yeah, who knows?
Who knows?
Any of these first appearance in a smash game too, that, uh, I don't remember what it's
called, but they also had optimus prime in that game.
And that was awesome.
Was it dream something TV?
I don't remember the name of it, but I'm, I'm not going to hold my breath on any of
these news or rumors in that too.
Barbie for smash, Barbie for smash.
Heck yeah.
All right.
Anyway, uh, we're gonna take a break while we contemplate all the characters we want
to be in smash.
When we come back, we have some rapid fire news.
We're gonna talk about release dates, your emails and more stories.
So don't go anywhere, folks.
We will be right back.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight.
Episode number 739 of our show already in progress for tonight, July 29th of 2018.
We have some more news to get into.
We're going to get into rapid fire news here shortly, but a dark soccer, I believe you're
going to be taken off, right?
Yeah.
I, um, I actually spent most of yesterday with a headache at the event and then I came
home with an even worse headache and it's been growing again today.
So it's drive now and be safe to drive or sleep on your couch and not go to work tomorrow.
So we can always stay on the couch if you need to, but I understand you want to, you
got to go home so you can go to work.
So, all right.
Well, thank you as always for being here.
Any final thoughts for our listeners?
Um, um, strawberry rhubarb pie is delicious.
It is pretty delicious.
I feel better.
Okay.
Also, it's so weird looking at you right now.
Why?
With, with, without your, oh, without my beard.
Yeah.
It's been that way for like a month, but it's, it's, well, now that yesterday's very clean
right now.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Cause I had to, yeah.
Cause I was kind of like, I would let it get a little scruffy and then be like, oh yeah,
I got a little bit like you've waxed.
No, I didn't, I didn't go that far.
Um, so yesterday, and there's some Queens who wax.
If you guys didn't know, I think I made this pretty clear.
I did the production of clue.
I played Mrs. Peacock and it all kind of ties into, if you know the movie in the, one of
the endings, they go just like the Mounties.
We always get our man.
Mrs. Peacock was a man slap, you know, that thing.
So that was the joke.
Right.
Uh, and I, I'd seen like a drag performance of his peacock like 10 years ago.
And I always thought it was like the funniest thing I ever saw.
So I was like, okay, I want to do it for this show, but I fully committed.
So, you know, I shaved my face.
So the red beard's gone.
So I just shaved yesterday morning was probably when I last shaved.
But then I don't know if you also notice, look at this.
I shaved my legs because I tried to do the stocking trick, but it didn't work.
So, um, and the stocking trick is that you wear multiple pairs of stockings, but just
wasn't happening.
But you'll notice I only shaved them up to here where the dress came down to.
I don't, you got to admit shaved legs.
Do you feel pretty nice?
No, I hate it.
Really?
Really?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I've never liked like stubble on my arms or my legs.
I shaved my arms too.
Yeah.
And I don't like the way the wind feels.
I did that as well, but I cheated a little bit because it didn't really grow all back
when I did it two weeks ago.
So I kind of kept that.
And it's the same thing with my chest.
Like I shaved it two weeks ago and it didn't grow back enough.
So I kind of didn't redo it yesterday.
So, but I mean, it's just, it's just a sensitivity thing for me.
But if I'm gonna like not wear jeans, then I like for to not have hair to get caught
in wind or anything.
Yeah, no.
And that's the weird thing now is wearing jeans.
It's like I feel weird in this area where I see I like how that feels because it's like
clean.
But let the record show I am fully committed to my art because, you know, drag is not something
I usually do.
Okay.
I know.
I know if there's a lot of stereotypes out there that that's what all gay guys do for
fun on Friday nights.
That's so not true.
Just being clear.
But I did it for a performance for the laughs.
And, you know, it seemed to go over really well.
I got a lot of really positive feedback last night and just some really like nice, nice
things.
I was very impressed with your royal leg slant.
Oh.
The picture on the couch.
Oh yeah.
When I was sitting on the couch.
Well, because my heels were, I don't know.
But yes, I did the Rolex because she's not crossing her legs in the movie.
Right.
I remember when you shadow cast.
But at the same time, I didn't want to show because I wasn't wearing much under that.
Yeah.
Dress.
And I did not go that fully committed to my drag art.
We'll leave it at that.
For that era though, the movie was supposed to represent.
However, it was considered a more wanton thing for a woman to cross her legs.
Yeah.
So that actually was period.
Correct.
So, okay.
So yeah.
So I did.
So yeah, I did the whole like slanting instead so that you couldn't see up my dress perverts.
You were like Princess Kate.
Well, especially, especially when you're on that stage elevated.
So like your crotch is at eye level for everybody.
Like I had to be very like thinking about that.
And I felt, I felt kind of bad, bad for Yvette because Yvette dies on that billiard table.
And it's like, you can see London and France.
Now she was prepared for it.
So she had enough.
You weren't going to see nothing, but it was still, I was like.
She should have either had frilly, frilly pantalant, you know.
She did.
Or really colorful underwear.
No, she had, I told her to draw teeth on it, but.
Yeah.
She didn't.
Anyway.
All right.
I'm going to go before the drugs wear off.
Okay, good.
Yeah.
The chat is going bonds, double six says, OLR body hair episode.
Hey, you know what?
Every, everybody's, it's, it's the human body.
There are people who have trouble though, growing hair.
Sure.
And I'm not one of those people.
Well, I, I've, I had an ex who did not grow and, you know, I don't want to get into stereotypes,
but it is just, uh, guys that are a hundred percent Asian.
I've known some hairy Asian guys though.
Yeah, that is true.
That's true.
But a lot of guys that are like a hundred percent Asian don't always grow it like as much.
So, you know, it just depends.
My friend had alopecia.
Oh yeah.
Well, I knew a friend who had trichotillomania.
Well, I'm like, you know, that is right.
A lot of dudes have alopecia on their heads.
Where you pull your own hair.
Oh no, no, I've heard of that.
No, that's just called having children.
No, like they'll pick out their arm hair or their eyebrow or their, um, eyelashes and
they'll just, it's a nervous thing.
I only do that to fight off my eyelashes because they're trying to attack my eyes.
Same with my eyebrows.
Well, you know, how about this?
Uh, O-O-L-R, love your body no matter what.
That's, that's what it is.
Even with your manias.
Uh, Bond's 006 says, O-L-R, so you're a teenager.
All right, we need to move on.
See, you'll start this field differently about the opposite sex and then.
Or maybe not.
Or you won't feel differently at all.
You'll still be ace.
You'll feel awkward.
Very awkward.
No matter what, you're going to feel awkward.
And your skin at the time where you want to look your best, your skin will look its worst.
You will have a topographical map of the Himalayas on your face.
And I know that people like to tell you that it gets better when it comes to things like
that and for the most part, life does get better.
When it comes to your skin, it's never going to get better.
So that's why drugs exist.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Thank you to our soccer for getting us on a 10-minute tangent about non-gaming related things.
But let's get back into gaming and get into some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yes, so this is pretty cool.
And I've actually kind of looked at this game myself and bought it.
So I bad on me, but, um, it's a really neat indie game.
I know it was one that I was kind of interested in because it was a unity made game.
But the hat and a hat in time, which has been out on several different platforms,
that PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One has finally sold 500,000 copies, which is great.
And it for those not familiar with the game, it's kind of like a 3D platform or akin to
like a Mario 64 or something like that.
But it's cute and definitely worth checking out.
I wish it was on the Switch.
I would totally pick it up on the Switch.
I guess I'll have to play it on the PlayStation 4.
Yeah, I don't really know this game, so I'll have to check it out.
Yeah, it looks really cool.
So definitely check that out.
The other one is Freeze Me, which is not this game, but it's similar to Mario 64.
Anyways, and then, of course, as always, each month we have our free games.
I'm not sure what PlayStation is.
I checked and they didn't have the listing for it yet.
But for the Microsoft side of things in August,
we're going to be getting Forza Horizon 2 Standard 10th Anniversary Edition is going
to be free August 1st, the 31st.
And For Honor is going to be available from August 16th through September 15th.
And then on the Xbox 360 compatible games, we have Dead Space 3 and Disney's Epic Mickey 2.
So interesting.
That's pretty awesome.
So Dead Space, first half of the month and Epic Mickey 2, second half of the month.
To this day, I still hate the name Epic Mickey.
Yeah.
But that's all right.
The game is supposed to be pretty decent, but I don't know.
Yeah, I think the second game a lot of people kind of passed on,
but I heard it was better than the first.
I like the idea of like this twisted Magic Kingdom stuff.
I wish they went more with that, but then, you know.
Well, now many people have a chance to visit it.
Act F says the second game was OK-ish.
Well, maybe it's free.
That's right.
That's not an OK-ish price.
Free with your subscription.
Yeah.
Yeah. All right.
Anyway, I have a couple of stories with audio to go with it,
including a story about WarioWare Gold.
Apparently, I thought that WarioWare Gold was supposed to be like just a mix of like greatest
hits, but apparently there's like newer stuff that showed up in it too.
Some of the mini games have been redone.
And then there's this.
There is a mini game in it called Mutroid 2, Return of Sam-Meow.
So that's right.
It is a Metroid-ish type of game full of cats.
Oh, I don't know.
It's not really Metroid, but the music is sure Metroid.
And you're this little cat with a gun and you're shooting all these little turtles
as they're trying to get up to you.
Anyway, I love it.
I know.
I love it too.
Like I was like, well, I'm not going to buy this WarioWare game on 3DS.
It's just a mix of all the old stuff.
And now I'm like, God damn it.
God damn it.
They're really going to get me to do that when I thought I was out and pulling right back in.
All right.
Anyway, so speaking of audio related things, the Smash Brothers Ultimate page has been
revealing some of the new music that's going to be in the game.
Get this.
There is a new F-Zero arrangement in the game.
So that's awesome, but it gets better.
Uh, Takunobu Mitsuyoshi is the musician behind this.
Have you ever heard that name before?
I'll give you a hint.
He sang a song and it went like this.
So the Daytona guy is doing an F-Zero song.
Are you fucking ready to hear this?
I don't know if I am ever ready to hear this.
You cannot handle this.
Okay.
And then he, when he gets in the seat, let me, let me move forward a little bit.
He sings a little more in the second half of this clip.
Come on.
Get some more singing.
Ah, this is such a good clip though.
I'm okay with this.
It's like things I didn't know I needed until I had them.
I love it.
Anyway, so please, please more stuff like that.
Like, you know, and one thing I think we tend to forget about the Smash Brothers game games,
they never slack in the music department.
They never slack in the music department.
Can we get a new F-Zero game and then have the Daytona car as a special unlock?
That'd be amazing.
Oh my God.
Act Def says I want an F-Zero with this music.
I want any type of F-Zero.
And Act Def goes,
Do you think if they're making arrangements of music that perhaps they are working on something?
Or do they just do this for Smash?
I feel like this is a Smash thing because the Smash thing is usually where you get like these
big legendary artists to do like songs.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
Well, since you're here.
Yeah.
Right.
You can hope.
You can hope.
Or as Fifth Dream in chat says,
Perhaps.
Since we just had a story about cats.
All right.
Forget it.
That should be a full fledged game right there.
What else do we have, Loki?
All right.
So remember that whole adaptive Xbox controller for, you know, accessibility and stuff like that?
So, of course, they went the extra mile of not only thinking about the
accessibility of the controller, but the accessibility of the packaging.
So they actually addressed the need of, you know, people that might be disabled
with the packaging as well.
So they would be able to open the cardboard box with limited mobility and that type of thing.
So that's pretty awesome.
So they had this loop that you would be able to pull that would kind of help with
opening the packaging on the box and stuff and to get the controller out of the box.
You had another loop to pull and everything.
So that is pretty neat.
That they went that far as to think about packaging.
Yeah.
Like, I don't have challenges when it comes to opening packaging.
And, you know, even though sometimes the stuff that, you know,
Unless it's in those fucking clam shells or yeah.
But anyway, all that aside, like, I was looking at the unboxing of this.
I'm like, that looks like fun.
That looks like to open that looks like kind of like fun.
You know, it's very, very different.
So that's really cool.
That's cool for everyone.
But especially the fact that, you know, it helps differently abled folks is really cool.
So, yeah.
Neat.
And the other thing, of course, is Homestar Runner is going to be getting its own board
game thanks to a Kickstarter program.
So they have, yeah, Homestar Runners.
And it's an area control game which will allow up to two to six players work together to
help a beefy armed dragon completely decimate a kingdom by using unique powers and items.
Awesome.
So it's pretty awesome looking.
Apparently, they had a seventy five thousand dollar goal.
They blew through that immediately.
And right now, with three weeks left, they are over seven hundred fifty thousand dollars
and onto stretch goals.
So I had a feeling that would get funded pretty quick.
So I'm glad that that turned out well.
Let's hope that it actually gets released.
Yeah, they're eight hundred forty four thousand right now.
Let's just hope that everything goes well, because, you know, Kickstarter can be a little
bit shady sometimes.
Dr. C wants to remind you in our chair room that he does have a name.
The name is Traktor.
Right.
I think Loki just didn't want to say it.
All right.
Anyhow, we're going to get to some release dates here in just a moment.
Looking at some other comments in chat over at live.vodka.org.com.
Act Def says, yeah, they do this for Smash.
They did a ton of arrangements for Brawl.
Like this.
So, yeah, I wouldn't get your hopes up.
Loki, there's a whole new game coming for F-Zero, although I really, really wish it
would be.
But anyhow, what games are coming out that I will get to play Loki in the US?
So in the US, we're going to get to play a game called Chasm, which is or I guess Chasm,
which would be on PC, PlayStation 4 and the Vita.
We have Code of Princess EX on the Nintendo Switch.
Titan Quest on the Nintendo Switch.
Yakuza 0 on PC.
This is the police on PC, Mac and Linux.
Is it now?
Oh, I'm sorry.
This is the police 2.
It's the sequel.
I didn't know there was a this is the police war was.
Yes, I remember it.
And then finally, WarioWare Gold on the 3DS.
So you can play Mutroid.
Yes, that's really the only reason.
Well, that is WarioWare.
It's amazing.
Why it's not on the Switch for no reason whatsoever.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, heading over to Japan and then maybe you could fill in with the UK dates.
And so Jimmy, I believe going over to Japan, checking out the releases there on the PlayStation
4 on August 2nd, Friday the 13th, the game gets released in Japan, which seems a bummer.
It's probably a little late over there in Japan because the game is not really going
to be getting supported anymore.
I guess they ran into some issues with the movie and stuff, which which kind of sucks
because the game was like like everybody was fucking playing that when it was first out.
It was a lot of fun.
And then it just it kind of died off like real quick.
So it's I'm kind of bummed that that game had such inertia behind it and they kind of
dropped the ball.
And I think a lot of it has to I don't I don't necessarily think it's the developer's fault.
I think it just has to spin off with more horror.
I know they should make just they should just make their own horror thing game that just
doesn't even use the Friday the 13th characters.
And if they just put by the makers of Friday the 13th game, people will people will check
out like make new characters.
And you can even have different characters that people could play as it would be different
abilities or multiple.
I don't think like any of the campers are based off of real people, except for the one
that you revive, one of the players to bring back like that.
I can't remember who that was.
It's from like Friday, 13th, part three or something.
There's there's like I don't think the kids are.
Yeah, they're generic.
All right.
Anyway, let's see.
Going to other comments or sorry, not other comments, but other games that are releasing
on the PlayStation for Japan.
Saga Scarlet Grace is out on August 2nd in Japan, as well as a game called Border Break
is out from Sega in Japan.
There's also a bunch of PS4 with the Border Break in them.
So I guess Border Break is a big enough game to be getting different PlayStations with
it.
I'm not super familiar with the series, but it's by Sega and it's 10 versus 10 high speed
robot battles is what this game is.
This is more up your alley, Loki.
It looks cool.
I don't know what it is.
Yeah, I want to know what it is.
You may have to look.
Yeah, it looks pretty bad ass.
I mean, you know, screenshots look pretty sweet.
And if you have yet to jump on Monster Hunter World, good news.
It's moving into like the best hits already.
It seems really fast.
But that means a price reduction over there in Japan.
It looks like either like a virtual on or like armored core almost.
I'm not down.
Man, is this coming over here?
I don't know.
Going to the switch, that saga Scarlet Grace is also out on the switch.
Otherwise, you also have pro Yaku Famista Evolution and Lego The Incredibles gets its
release over there.
There's also some different accessories with Mario's face and stuff on them.
If that is your sort of it was an arcade game.
That's why I recognize it.
Got it.
Okay.
How about the UK, Loki?
All right.
UK is not getting a whole ton of stuff.
They're getting Titan Quest as well on the switch and Hello Neighbor on the switch and
on PlayStation four.
And that's unfortunately it.
All right.
Well, let's go to the mailbag because every week you guys send us emails and we read some
of our favorites here on the show.
If you want to email us, I encourage you to do so.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And we do have one email in the mailbag tonight.
It's nice to hear from some folks.
One email in the mailbag tonight.
And tonight's email comes to us courtesy of Frodo Swagons, who emails us the following.
Rob, I was watching your stream this week of No Man's Sky.
Thank you.
I recognize the name from the stream.
Thank you.
I know you'll probably mention it in your gaming week, but I was curious to know what
you think of the update.
Um, I, is it something you will continue to play?
Also, I was wondering about the multiplayer.
I know you can have up to four people in your game, but I can't understand what the point
is in naming a creature that you discover or making your base discoverable for other
players when it seems to be invite only.
How would anyone stumble across something of yours if it's not some type of mega server?
I guess I'm a bit confused there.
Weekly listener is a big mega server.
Frodo Swagons.
Yeah.
And Frodo, I think I think that might be the misunderstanding there is that it is a mega
server.
You are connecting to, um, problem is it's such a vast universe that you probably won't
run across.
Um, the person that you're like, if I was trying to find Rob, you know, without actually
joining his game or something like that, it would probably be very impossible for me to
run across.
There's ways to do it because Dungeon Buster got to us in his main game and I don't know
how he did it.
Like if I was just casually playing the game, I wouldn't probably run across stuff.
No, no.
Well, and I think that was the whole reason why the developers kind of thought maybe they
didn't need multiplayer in the beginning is they're like, the universe is too huge.
You're never going to run into other people because there's too many places to be.
But I do know when I did play the first version of the game, it took me a little while.
Um, but I transported like, you know, I went like 10 jumps, 10 different galaxies in and
I got to a galaxy that somebody else had named.
So I saw there and I think they kept the default name or whatever.
Like a lot of people just keep the default names.
But I saw this guy's name and it said it was credited.
It was discovered by and then whoever the gamer tag was on PlayStation four.
Um, so in the case of like Planet Blissey that I named, if some rando comes across that
universe, they're going to see Planet Blissey.
Uh, and so they'll be like, Blissey, what is this?
So they'll know.
Well, they'll see my name that I'm the one that discovered it.
So they'll land in there.
And then of course the universe Bobby Black Wolf named is a Voglandia.
I think that was a Voglandia.
So, um, you know, people are going to see right away that people have been here before
and that's going to be, um, your first hint.
Now in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster says it's from when you start
the game, you can choose to start your own game or join a friends if they are online.
So, but, but aren't you starting a new game when you do that Dungeon Buster?
Or can you take like your old data and move to the new one?
I don't know.
But when you do play online, um, you can, yeah, you, you will basically start in the
universe that your friends started in.
And that's what we kind of learned was happening.
Like by the time I went to Planet Blissey, which was a different planet in the system,
more people were joining the game like, uh, Bobby Black Wolf, like my friend Neil.
And they started in the exact same place I did on the starting planet.
And they figured it out because I had named one of the creatures Kitty.
Because it was this adorable little thing that was walking around.
I just got kitty because that's Alan does that.
Sometimes whenever he sees like a thing, he'll go kitty.
Um, so I named it kitty and Bobby, when he started his game, he's like, oh, I am where
you started because there's a lot of the resources aren't here.
And I just found kitty.
So, uh, it's kind of interesting how that worked.
So, uh, okay.
Dungeon Buster says I saved my game and went back to choose friends lobby and zoom.
I made it to Blissey.
Interesting.
Okay.
So there's ways to do it.
Um, the one thing I did think was interesting about the online though, and something I wish
they'd change.
When you do play online, meaning the multiplayer stuff, I believe the naming is always going
to be there.
But if you want people to be able to find you and all that stuff, uh, you can, uh, opt
to play online.
But when you do that, anyone can join your game.
Anyone.
There is no setting for friends only like most games have.
That would be my one feedback for hello games that I think is a really obvious thing that
they left out is I would really like to have a mode where friends only can come into my
solar system because I was playing the game.
And I think in the very first stream I did, I was playing the game and some Rando joined.
And at this point I already left the home planet and I really had no interest in going
back to go meet some Rando.
So I was just like, whatever, dude, you're on your own.
I'm curious if that Rando stayed with it or what they did, because it would be very
interesting to see if maybe he didn't figure out that Blissey was a great planet.
Maybe he tried to establish a presence somewhere else.
Or if when I left the game, he was like, fuck that guy and just left.
I don't know.
Who knows?
So anyway, um, dungeon buster continues, uh, getting back to my universe.
That was kind of messy after you left.
I tried using the gate from the space station in your system and ended up in empty space
killed by cosmic rays.
Wow.
I kept all my stuff.
It was just as if I jumped to a new system.
Only you and Black Wolf were there.
Interesting.
I kind of think that's interesting.
So you can kind of take your data and move it to other games wherever you want.
Well, that's kind of neat.
So, uh, I do know also they have that galactic map online.
So theoretically, if I could figure out how to give you the coordinates of Voglandia,
then you could look it up on this galactic map and you'd be able to see everything we're
doing there.
I don't, I don't know what all the galactic map tells you.
I guess we're still trying to figure some of that out.
So we'll see.
Uh, dungeon buster in chat says you can only invite friends, but so far you can't restrict
it to only friends.
So, uh, Kaijuto says, sorry, the universe is for all friends only is too secluded for
my taste.
You're changing it though, Kaijuto.
The universe is still open to all everything you name and all that stuff still changes
it with all.
The thing is, is that if you don't want to necessarily adventure with other people, then,
you know, I think you should be able to turn it off because the resources you gather, the
stuff you do, that does impact the planet.
So I could see how like people might lightly troll, but I don't think you'd really troll
anybody that bad in the game.
But I just, you know, with voice chat and everything, I don't need somebody joining
my game going, you know, F F F F.
Well, have we gotten like, can't you buy like big freighters and stuff like that in this
game now?
I haven't gotten that far yet.
Cause that'd be cool.
I don't even have my fucking like warp drive to go to another universe built yet, but I'm
not in a hurry to leave my current universe.
You know what I mean?
That's kind of go back and play.
You should, if you bought the game, check it out with the update.
You don't have to pay for it.
So then you downloaded it again.
I know I downloaded it again when I got my new system.
It's a nine gig update though.
Be careful.
It's going to take you a time.
All right.
Oh, well, my games already update.
They update, um, cause I keep everything in sleep mode.
So it updates automatically.
Oh, good.
So when I go in there, uh, Bobby does point out if you're joining, if they're joining
your game, you can mute and kick them.
Oh, that's good to know about trolls.
Uh, watch out though, a PlayStation four, if you haven't played it in a while, PS4 won't
keep updating it.
So if you haven't launched it in like over two months, PS4 is not going to update it
automatically.
Well, I just downloaded it again.
So I would think it would try to then, then you should be fine.
I mean, it wasn't like this week that I downloaded.
I downloaded it a couple of weeks ago.
Uh, you should be fine.
I think it was in the last 30 or 60 days.
Should be fine.
All right.
Anyway, uh, do that was it for the mailbag.
Thank you very much for the email.
Appreciate that.
And again, if you guys want to email us in a future week, participate at orange lounge
radio.com is the place to send those emails.
In the meantime, we have a few more stories for you guys that we're going to open up the
Skype line at orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype, but first Loki.
So apparently a hacker that was, um, he was arrested for cracking de Novo's anti pirate,
um, piracy software.
So apparently there, this guy in Bulgaria named, um, boxy, he broke through, I guess
the, their cracking, um, software and was able to crack de Novo.
And so with that, I guess I got him a little bit of attention.
And so he has been arrested and basically said it finally happened.
I can't say it wasn't expected.
Police came yesterday and took the server PC and my personal PC.
I had to go to the police afterwards and explain myself.
Wow.
Apparently they said, you know, that the parent company of de Novo, um, or or dito.
And I guess the Bulgarian cyber crime units, uh, were, had an investigation into him and
says, uh, the swift action of the Bulgarian police on this matter shows that the power
of collaboration between law enforcement and technology providers and that piracy is
a serious offense that will be acted upon.
Well, I mean, congratulations.
You caught somebody, but I, it's not going to stop hackers going to hack.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah, it's still, and especially if this is not popular, which I pretty sure de Novo is
not very popular from what I've heard.
Uh, it's probably not going to stop it.
I'm not, I'm not defending piracy.
Like again, you know, like if you like something, you should pay money for it.
And anti-piracy methods like this do suck when it affects the performance of the game.
Right.
When the anti-piracy gets too fucking out of hand though, I understand why people want
to be able to just disable it.
You know what I mean?
I miss the days of just having to look something up in page four of the manual.
Give me the code on page four.
All right.
We all know why that doesn't really work though.
All right.
Because you could photocopy that stuff?
Uh, some of them you couldn't.
I remember when they started printing them on like that red paper that you can't photocopy,
but now they just need PDF it.
Now you can scan it.
There's so much stuff you can do anyway.
Uh, moving on.
I know we don't usually talk about sports games on the show, but I think this one was
worth noting because this is, it's one of those things where you go, wow, they're finally
doing this in 2018.
It seems like this should have been something that happened a lot sooner.
But, uh, the newest, uh, EA basketball game that's on its way out, NBA live at 19, EA
has announced that, uh, you will be able to make female characters in create a player
mode finally, which is interesting because if I remember right, they added the WNBA last
year.
So, I mean, that was good, but now you can finally make a female avatar if you want.
Cause they do, they do this whole, uh, like they do live run the one streets, world tour
live events.
They do a lot of like street basketball.
Like it's not all like just playing stuff in an arena, right?
You do a lot of like street basketball and stuff.
So why shouldn't you know?
Well, I mean, honestly, in any of it, you should be able to play a woman, but I understand
that unfortunately the NBA doesn't totally reflect that now that women are like fully
integrated in that they have the two separate leagues, but that's a whole nother Oprah.
But at least for like some of like the street ball and the stuff where it's just like, you
know, friends playing a game together, you can do whatever you want.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
So yeah, very cool.
Um, also the new trailer that kind of showcases this, they actually got Candace Parker from
the Los Angeles Sparks to kind of be in the trailer.
So they're, you know, trying to get, um, um, you know, some of the, some of the WNBA a
little more involved with it, which is pretty cool.
And I, I think this story popped up in our discord server, which if you're not on our
discord, you should check that out over at vog network.com slash discord.
We'll get the invite for you.
Um, and, uh, I think it came up when the story was posted.
I said, yeah, I mean, I, I, and I've said this before on the show, I was a fan of the
WNBA.
I say was because we had a team here in Sacramento.
Now we don't anymore.
And it's like, it's not the same thing.
We don't have like hometown games to go to.
Sadly, I miss it.
Anyway.
Uh, looking in chat at live.vog network.com.
SSJ 100 map points out NHL also lets you make him play as women in the game.
Yup.
Uh, let's see.
And, uh, dark Tetsuya says, I just thought this was a really cool story.
Although NBA hang time does have it beat by about 20 years.
It also had create a player mode and buried it amongst the normal male heads and weird
costume heads.
There are a couple of female heads you could pick.
So pretty cool.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Um, the next story was for dark soccer.
Maybe you can cover it, Logan.
Sure.
Yeah.
Um, so Castlevania season two is coming to Netflix on October 26th and they had a pretty
cool trailer for that, but that's not all because a third season is already in the works
and should be coming.
Well, I'm assuming afterwards.
Um, I still have yet to watch the first season.
It was on my thing.
Yeah.
I wanted to, and I just didn't get around to it, but the second season looks awesome.
And I guess I have some time to binge that, but, um, yeah, it looks pretty.
No, I still need to watch it too.
I'm so bad.
It looks good.
Yeah.
I mean, so I'm, I'm interested to check it out and obviously it's popular.
You know, we're getting in a third season.
Yeah.
I haven't really heard negative stuff about it, so I think it's being pretty well received.
So that's cool.
Yeah.
All right.
So can't wait.
All right.
All right.
And then something that I didn't necessarily ask for, but it's coming is a forsaken.
A HD remake of forsaken 20 years after the game came out.
So night dive studios, they were a developer that, um, I guess did HD updates for Turok
and Turok 2.
They're going to be doing this as well.
Forsaken was kind of a, it looked like a descent type game.
Um, basically, you know, they're going to be updating it with, you know, 60 FPS.
And of course, you know, higher resolution textures.
Although, I mean, this is a game that came out on place, the original PlayStation, Nintendo
64.
So it is a little bit, you know, low poly and that type of stuff.
But it's interesting.
I did watch the actual, um, trailer for it, but I don't know.
Um, and it's actually coming out very soon.
It's going to be launching on, uh, July 31st.
So right around the corner, a couple of days if you're interested.
And that's on Xbox one and PC.
All right.
Was that the one that had the commercials that were like the future's forsaken?
Was that that game?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
I remember that.
All right.
Uh, anyway, one more story for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line.
So get ready to give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And, uh, oh, gosh, you knew if you saw this story, you just knew we were saving the best
for last.
That's right.
There is a porn, a Fortnite coming.
A Fortnite porn parody.
And you know what the game is?
Excuse the game.
You know what the porn parody is called?
I'm sorry.
I just laugh just looking at it on the screen.
You ready?
Loki, what would you call porn parody of Fortnite?
Fortnite?
Um, you would think fuck night, right?
Or something like that, right?
Yeah.
No, it's called Fortnut.
That's stupid.
It's a joint production between Wood Rocket and Pornhub.
And I guess these people that are in this porn parody are semi-famous.
Sure.
And, uh, they have like a little colorful little thing going on here with this whole
thing.
Anyway, there's an NSFW trailer.
If you want to look it up on YouTube, I'm not going to play it here.
You can look it up on your own if you want.
Uh, so check it out.
Uh, and I guess there's a, one of the jokes goes, we need to find a chest.
And then the, uh, camera zooms in on the boobs.
So that's, you know, high brow humor.
That's right.
That's right.
Anyway, uh, you can check that out.
I'm sure Pornhub has that available.
If you are interested in Fortnut, Fortnut, stupid.
I watched the trailer.
It was absolutely fucking terrible.
Like it was like, it was like a parody of what porn parodies are.
I mean, it's just, you're like, wow, that's some shit dialogue.
Like just not even trying.
It's just like, fuck it.
You know, whatever.
All right.
Uh, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you would like to give us a call tonight to talk about anything we've talked about
or maybe have something else on the brain.
I don't know.
Anyway, the Skype line is open.
And while we wait for somebody to maybe drop in on the Skype line, let me check if there's
any last minute stories.
I do have a last minute story.
It's amazing.
So there was a game that was created by Lucas arts not too long.
Well, actually it was pretty long ago called day of the tentacle.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
So there's a fan game now that is a sequel to that.
Call return of the tentacle and you can play it for free so you can check it out actually
at Katmik or Katmik.
It's C A T M I C dot itch dot IO slash return dash of dash the dash tentacle.
And it is basically done in the style of the original point and click game.
And obviously the voice acting is kind of mimicked a little bit, but it's interesting.
So I downloaded it before the cease and desist hits, but definitely go check it out because
I mean, I love those Lucas arts games.
Yeah.
Didn't they do like a modern remake of day of the tentacle a little bit ago?
Right.
Because I remember the one for the 80s and then they did like a newer one a few years.
Yeah.
The newer one was the day of the tentacle.
Yeah.
They updated the HD one.
This is done in the style of the HD one.
Okay.
Got it.
So it's still the point.
And it's all maniac mansion.
It's all maniac mansion and guest characters.
There's there's cameos from other stuff in there too.
Okay.
So cool.
Yeah.
Definitely.
We're checking it.
Be looking forward to that.
I will have to play it.
All right.
I will have to as well.
Okay.
Well, I think, uh, I guess we're going to go ahead and wrap up.
Um, because I'm, I'm also, I'm so tired.
I'm really so exhausted.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to just vegetate a little bit.
I'm sure y'all understand.
But we'll be back, uh, next week to do it all over again in about seven days.
Uh, as I always say at the end of every episode,
if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, uh, please tell a friend or
two about the show, uh, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice, but only if the voices are here to actually air them.
Uh, so, uh, you can also, uh, send us an email, participate at orange lounge radio.com.
And, um, you can, uh, you know, you can tweet us at OLR.
You can join our discord vog network.com slash discord.
Um, I guess that's, that's where I get to everybody's final thoughts.
So Loki, what's your final thought?
My final thought is I'm going to be still working on games in unreal.
Now I'm checking it out and seeing how that goes on my spawner screwed right now.
And we're just following along with the lesson.
So I don't really feel like I'm creating too much.
Although I did like adapt some of it too.
It's just, and the gut, the artwork that's there is provided by somebody else.
So it's not that great.
I kind of redo everything from scratch, which is more of a learning something and learning
how unreal works and everything.
So I'm looking forward to seeing how, uh, so that works cause it, I don't know.
I'll make my own thing later, but it I'm just making this, going through this lesson.
All right.
And, uh, my final thought tonight is, um, I'm, I'm ready to just go.
I actually, I need to take a little bit of a walk to get some steps in and get,
I haven't sent any pokey gifts today and Loki and I are about to become three star friends.
Like today, that's, that's a 50,000 experience bonus.
Uh, I actually hit three stars.
I hit three stars with a few people.
So it is 50,000?
It's 50,000 XP.
Oh, so you know, what's funny is the egg works on that.
Yes, it does.
So I did that last time I got a hundred thousand from somebody.
And then I think best friends is a hundred.
The four stars is a hundred thousand.
I think.
Cool.
I heard that's what it is.
Obviously it takes a while to hit that.
It's like 90 days to hit that.
But, uh, my friend, uh, up in Toronto is pro is the one that every single day,
since it started, we've traded gifts.
And so I hit three stars with him first.
And then the very next day, like act deft.
And I think, uh, as 200 Matt, like at the same time, we hit three stars.
I've hit it with, um, act deft and with magma lemur.
Oh, cool.
Yes.
Yeah.
Neat.
All right.
Well, uh, I will try to get you a gift so we can hit three stars as well.
Anyway.
Um, that's it.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Thank you guys so much for listening to our show.
Really appreciate it.
We'll see you back here in seven days to talk about what comes up in gaming over the next
few days.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye.
Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
