A new AAA release, a new series of issues, Assassin's Creed Unity release and gamers
are both amused and annoyed at player trapping bugs, multiplayer issues, and an array of
visual glitches.
We'll have much more as well as your comments and calls, so keep your face on and stay tuned
for the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 575 for this
November the 16th of 2014.
Joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the
gamer lifestyle with me, my name's Rob Robertson.
Joining me as always are my co-hosts, say hello over there to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Nom nom.
How are you doing?
I'm satisfied.
Yes, we went on a lunch date earlier.
With the lady Victoria.
Yes, for those of you that know Horde House, there's one of my co-hosts over there, we
call him Grandpa because he's been playing, or was playing Warcraft since Vanilla, a very
long time, so we call him Grandpa.
So his quote unquote wife, which, he's actually a gay man, so it's, you know, his fruit fly,
flame dame, I don't know, what are the terms, I know a lot of women that hang out with gay
men do not like the blank hag, they don't like that one anymore, so whatever that is,
that's what she is to Grandpa, so we call her Grandma.
Although that's not really, I mean, I don't know, I feel like in that situation she's
more like, when Anna Nicole Smith married the rich tycoon guy, she's more like that,
so I think that's what it is.
So she's Anna.
Yes, she's Anna.
So we went to, we went to,
Genghis Kitchen.
Yes, Mongolian barbecue with Anna Banana.
Yeah.
So.
It was yummy.
Good times.
And then you brought leftovers to make my whole house smell like Mongolian.
I have, I have a lot of leftovers, and I've actually, I must say, I've finally given up
on the whatever low carb crap thing I was doing before, and I've just said, fuck it.
And I'm eating whatever I want to.
And I dropped three pounds.
You're on the fuck it diet.
I'm on the fuck it.
I'm on the fuck it.
I'm gonna eat it.
I'm just, I don't care anymore.
It's a happy way of living.
I have a lot less stress.
And apparently I'm happy with everything else going on, so fuck it, I'm gonna play DDR.
Awesome.
All right.
Nothing wrong with incorporating a little exercise into the fuck it diet.
Clearly over on the fuck it diet, chomping down on his McDonald's fries over there.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
It was just, they're the only people that could give me food.
I was late today because I had to put away laundry because the stupid dryer took too
long.
Are you saying that laundry is more important than OLR?
No, I don't, I don't agree that it is, but you know.
The wife might feel differently.
She might disagree that, you know, her clothes are wrinkled and stuff, so I had to hang everything
up and then I was like, crap, you know, I'm not that hungry, so I'll just go to McDonald's.
And thankfully they're busy, so that means that the fries are pretty good.
So that was good.
And then, um, yeah, I'm kind of on the fuck it diet too because, uh, with the cafes at
work now, it's like, yeah, I'll bring in stuff, but I'm like, no, they make such delicious
food.
What, you make your own Barbies?
Oh my God, it's so good.
So you, you started the new job now, so you don't, you don't work in gaming distribution
anymore, unfortunately.
That doesn't mean you don't have friends, you know, can hook you up.
Yeah.
It's, uh, so I'm glad to see you got settled pretty quick.
All things considered.
Yeah.
Good for you.
Um, you were mentioning before the show to me that, uh, you've been playing a lot of
games this week and we'll get into the details and we get into how was your gaming week,
but, uh, you found that now that your PlayStation four is back and working, you catching up
on everything or what happened?
Yeah, I'm sort of, I mean, I, I've been playing lots of stuff.
I even went through and just kind of checking out some of the, um, PlayStation plus games
and that kind of thing.
And as I was mentioning too, though, I've been noticing that I've been buying a lot
more things digitally, which is kind of weird.
I never thought they would be doing that, but like, it's, it's just, for me, it seems
to be pretty like by the time I go and take something back, like say if I'm going to,
I'm not going to really sell it on eBay anymore because it's kind of absolutely easy.
You want to have like a mailroom at work and I could just, you know, put it together and
just give it to the mail person and, you know, send it off, you know, whereas now I would
have to go to the post office or I'd have to go drop it off in a UPS box or something
like that.
It's a pain in the ass.
So I just, I'm not really selling stuff on eBay and, you know, to take something back
to like GameStop or something like that, it's not, you don't really get a ton of money.
So I've been doing a lot of, no, I don't know.
Not a lot.
I bought like call of duty and grand theft auto digitally, mainly those two will call
of duty.
I want it digitally because I wanted the PlayStation three version as well.
So I can play with my friends that don't have a PlayStation four yet.
And then grand theft auto, uh, just because it didn't really matter, wasn't going to sell
that game back anyways.
And it was, you know, I got a little bit more stuff with it.
Plus since I spent over a hundred dollars on PlayStation network, they kicked me back
$15.
You know, that was a thing that they had during the month of October.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I, I, I'm not still super into the buying things digitally.
You know, I like to have the physical copy of things because I can sell it back and it
does have that value.
But I do find that I, I will, it's not to say, Oh, I never buy games digitally.
No, I found that I will get sucked into it usually when there's like a really good deal
or something, which of course, steam sales or, you know, any digital distribution channel
really sales and they've been doing be very, even like, yeah, the games of gold stuff.
They are not games of gold, but like, um, the PlayStation network stuff where they'll
have stuff on sale.
Yeah.
Sometimes that's actually really good.
Like I bought Hatsune Miku that way.
Yeah.
I was going to buy a wool Lego Marvel superheroes.
I had saw that I was like, eh, I don't really play like Lego games, but maybe that's something
my son would like.
And I kind of hesitated and I didn't buy it.
It was like $20.
I hate to say it.
Sorry.
Lego fans was probably for the best.
You didn't.
I didn't really care for it.
I did buy it.
I really care for it.
Julian is addicted to those Lego games.
I played way more injustice.
Uh, I did buy it though.
I did.
I did end up picking it up.
I bought it digitally because, um, I looked at with the $15 I had on there, um, which
expires in December.
Um, honestly it would have been cheaper than buying it used.
So I just went ahead and picked up digitally, uh, running the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network of vognetwork.com
at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black will show.
And if you do happen to be participating with our show live, you can comment and we read
them and read some of our favorite comments here on air to start a discussion in the room
sometimes.
Uh, and just dungeon buster says, speaking of digital inquisition was a decent 24 gig
download was a nice rest respite from the 47 gigabyte monster that unity is.
Uh, so yeah, a lot of people getting ready for dragon age with the digital, uh, Alan,
my partner, Alan did that.
Uh, he's already got his deluxe, whatever through origin, ready to go.
I'm thinking about it.
I was looking at today.
The problem.
Yeah.
I haven't played any of the dragon age games, but I mean, um, like they've been getting
really good reviews for it.
So I was like, maybe I tried really hard to get into the other games.
They just didn't click for me, but I'm going to give it another go with something.
That's been my question is like, is this game going to be something where if I haven't played
origins or two that I'm going to be kind of like, who are these people?
I'm being told no, it's, it's basically you get new batches of characters for each game,
but they do have characters that continue.
Like Zevram in the first one showed up into for a little bit and I think he's got appearance
in three, but I'm being told that like, yes, there is fan service for fans of the first
two games, but you're not going to be like lost as hell if you didn't buy them.
And they have that standalone catch up thing.
I forget somebody in chat might have to help me or if Shane was in the room, he'd yell
it out.
But there's that, uh, that dragon age keep, is that what it was called?
The keep something where you can actually play through the first two, uh, like stories.
It's kind of like the Mass Effect comics, I guess you played through the stories, make
the key decisions and then your, your save goes to origin, which what, wherever you get
dragon age will pull from origin.
I have origin.
Yeah.
Cause I have origins on origin because of, you know, they were given out free, but I
don't know.
And then, and then far cry four cause far cry four looks amazing too.
And as like all these games, it's so, I know I was just, I was just talking about it with
Bobby on his show, uh, before we were on arrows, like I, I'm dropping $200 on games next week.
Like it's just, it's disgusting, but it's, I mean this next week is the biggest week
because we're on the heels of black Friday.
I ordered my game, uh, right when I got hired at low cat officially.
So I'm glad I paid for it.
All right.
It's one of those times I was glad that I ordered it already.
Um, but there actually is another thing that popped up that's probably going to be getting
me to spend some money and that's that, uh, this, uh, origin has out the Sims four create
a SIM for free.
So I was going to play with that cause now you can drown your Sims on dungeon buster,
by the way, is confirming that it is the keep and you can check that out at dragon age.
Keep.com.
Uh, is that I am going to probably wait on, I do want far cry four and maybe dragon ages
because you know, everybody's going to be playing it and stuff, but I'm, I don't know.
I, I'm going to wait just to see if there's some black Friday sales.
Here's my problem.
I have dragon age inquisition, which even though I didn't even really super play the
first one.
My, my roommate and my partner are super into dragon age and they're both, you know, especially
shame.
How many players can do co-op?
Huh?
How many players can do co-op?
I don't know, but it's not cross platform.
So think carefully about which platform you're gonna buy it on.
I'm getting them PlayStation four if I get it.
Yeah, I probably will too.
And that's where Shane has it too.
But then Alan and Jamie are going to be on PC.
So it's going to depend on, yeah, well, but I figure Alan and I can always switch.
I can always play on his account if I really want to play with PC people.
He can play on my PS four if there's somebody who wants to play with there.
So anyway, uh, where was I not just trying to, okay, so next week we also have little
big planet three, which I don't want to get lost in the shuffle.
I realized that may not be getting the fanfare of the other little, honestly, I'm going
to hold off on that one just because I dug it at E3 and I love those games.
I've been playing that stupid iPhone runner of all things, the little big planet one.
I've been playing that a lot more than I would care to admit actually.
So I'm actually really excited about little big planet three, which I realized is kind
of, it's, it's strangely enough, somehow not really the triple a title next week.
I mean, I realize it is Sony's big, big title, but it is getting, you know, a lot of the
attention is focused on dragon age and super smash brothers, will you, which is that other
game I have to pick up.
And of course I can't pick that up and not get at least one or two or three of those
amiibos.
So which ones are you getting?
I decided to get Samus because Samus and I decided to get peach because peach and, uh,
for the third one, I did something that you might not expect.
I got Mario, which I know it seems like, well, that's kind of vanilla, but that was actually
the reason why I picked it up is because I said, you know what?
Like a lot of games are going to support Mario going forward.
Like that's the one you're going to want to have.
Like I realized, you know, they're talking about only the link one works and, but we'll
see how I like the three that I get and if I want to get more, I'll get more.
It doesn't seem like they're hard to get right now.
I don't think those first few are going to be very hard to get because it's cool.
They're fun to collect and stuff, but right now it's, it's not like it's integral to playing
a certain game like smash brothers or something.
You don't need them to play the game.
It's not like, you know, say Skylanders or Disney infinity or something like that where
you actually play as those characters in the game.
Um, so I think that they're just not going to, I don't think they're going to fly off
shells.
I mean people pick them up for sure.
Yeah.
But, um, Kai's, you don't, our chat says only new game that's doing it for me this month
is Pokemon.
That's about it.
Yeah.
That's a, I kind of had to bump that.
Like I'm, I'm out of money now.
I can't, I can't get Pokemon right now.
I'll wait and see how it's being received.
I'm sure I'll hear all about it from Shane.
Yeah.
Shane will pick it up.
Of course.
Uh, let's see what else is there?
Um, there's grand theft auto five, which you were telling me I have to get, but then you're
like, Oh, we could share play it.
So I'll probably do that.
So Oh my gosh.
Oh yeah.
I can't wait.
I'm going to totally stream that game once I get it, get a chance to play it.
So it'll be fun.
Uh, yeah.
Lots and lots of stuff to look forward to next week.
Let's um, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic though.
I want to talk about this week and there's a story from this week that literally everyone
is talking about.
So let's throw our hat under the ring and let's see what you guys in chat think about
this.
Um, Loki, why don't you tell us what's going on?
Okay.
So Ubisoft released a game, um, the latest game in their assassin's creed franchise.
And of course this time they released a little, you know, two games, they had one on PlayStation
three and Xbox three 60 and then one on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC.
That one being assassin's creed unity has some problems.
Uh, there was all sorts of glitches.
There were seriously some, I don't know, texture draw issues where it would not really draw
the face of people.
It would just kind of have the mouth and eyes and kind of make them look like, was it, um,
is that from like, um, the body snatchers or some of those characters look like super
meat boy rendered in 3d honestly, it was, it was, it was all messed up.
And of course now that joke is ever, I'm sure you've heard this joke 500 times.
So here's 501.
Well, it looks like Ubisoft really couldn't render women, poor men.
Um, apparently even having issues, um, I remember reading issues with it running on high end
PCs, even if it was AMD chips or something, ATI, um, cards and stuff, it just wouldn't
be able to run very well.
Um, I guess it's not ATI anymore.
It's AMD, but, um, yeah, uh, pretty bad.
And they've released, I think already a couple, um, a couple updates, but still hasn't fixed
everything.
This is really tricky because you know, uh, some of the things I'm hearing from the, and
just disclosure, I haven't played the game and I don't think my co-hosts have either.
So, you know, yes, we're talking at our butt a little bit on something that everybody online
is talking about, but it's, it's a very interesting lesson in a way of maybe you should watch
what you're spending your money on before you actually spend the money.
Cause there's even, even some fans of Assassin's Creed that I know on Facebook are like, this
game's a mess.
This game is an absolute mess, but I'm also hearing that like this, it's sorry.
I'm also hearing that it kind of sucks when you're a fan of the series because deep down
in there somewhere, there's a good story.
Like the backbone and the skeleton of the Assassin's Creed.
There's a good Assassin's Creed game in here.
Someone took it out of the oven before it was done.
Sounds like it was, it was just badly managed badly badly.
I liked how it was.
They said, uh, was it, they had art, um, you know, falling to the ground, crashing when
you're enjoying a co-op session, getting stuck in hay carts, that's kind of funny.
Um, frame rate issues, graphical inclusion issues, matchmaking co-op issues, um, helix
credit issues, which I don't know the fuck that is.
I hope that's not like in app purchases or some shit like that.
Um, cause I thought I heard that this game had that or it was one of these games that
just came out where they can, you can speed up progression by buying stuff.
I don't know if that's the helix credits or what that is, but it was in the whole
thing where like there's chests in the game that you can't open unless you have the smart
phone app.
Like, Oh yes, yes.
I did see that.
How can you possibly justify that to, that's a good thing for gamers cause you know, there's
going to be that fricking press release that comes out like, well, this is what gamers
want based on their website or something like that or the open, like some other chest and
it's, it's, this is really getting to the point where it's, it's really ridiculous.
Um, and you know, again, I know there's fans of Assassin's Creed out there, uh, somewhere
that are probably pissed that this is happening to their franchise, but this is, I mean, this
is kind of a tough lesson learned in regards to, uh, management and where the people up
here are getting involved with a game that maybe they have no business getting involved
with sadly.
And they're just, it's, they're going, they're out of EA kind of, and just really, and remember
that we had problems even with, um, the last, you know, Ubisoft game that was a big release.
Um, watch songs had issues on PC.
There's a whole controversy about, Oh, Hey, there, you know, is being shown and you know,
better fidelity for the E3 demos and this wasn't the case and now all that stuff was
hidden in there or disabled or something like that.
And just a whole bunch of, um, you know, seeing them as glitchy and stuff and they,
this isn't the first game they have coming out this month.
I mean, they've got the crew next week as well, so that's an online focus game.
So hopefully that doesn't get all fucked up.
Um, cause you know, in chat says, I don't think we should blame people for buying it
day one.
You buying, you should expect it to work.
Um, well, I, I agree.
Let's talk about this part a little bit because you know, um, Twitter this week for the first
time in several months, uh, we are, we are actually having a chat about ethics and game
journalism all over this week because of the infamous embargo that was on this game and
the fact that, uh, many sites were embargoed on their reviews of Assassin's Creed unity
until noon the day the game was out and Ubisoft's perspective was, well, we need to make sure
people actually are exposed to the online component because online is such an important
part of the game.
But in reality with as glitchy as, as some of the stuff was showing to be, a lot of people
kind of already had their reviews done.
And I know a lot of outlets out there now kind of do like they kind of do living breathing
reviews where, you know, if they can't review the online component right away, they'll amend
or an issue, an addendum to their review later on or whatever to, to incorporate that in.
But the bottom line is once all these issues kind of came to light, this started to feel
like maybe this is a really shady way for Ubisoft to not get the word out there for
the day one buyers that the game might be broken.
Yeah, I think so.
And there's been some outlets that have straight out come out and said, never again, like,
you know, and I know we've razzed this site in the past sometimes, but Kotaku, I have
to applaud them this week because they came out and they put their foot down and they
said, we will no longer agree to post release embargoes.
And I, I have to applaud that.
It's their right to do that.
And I think it's going to take a lot of these big websites coming out and pushing back against
the publishers.
If only all of these big websites had a way to communicate with each other behind the
scenes, like a mailing list or something anyway.
So all these big websites are going to have to start pushing back and basically saying,
we're not going to play by these rules because these rules are anti-consumer and that's what's
going to have to happen for things to change.
See then what's going to happen is if they do play by their rules or whatever, then they
get the exclusive preview or whatever they can do that drives in more traffic to their
website.
Which is also bull.
And that's where we as the users have to stop buying into that shit where, you know, ethics.
Yeah, exactly.
If you want to, you know, and to go back to the big question about ethics and game journalism
that has to come on both sides.
You have to support ethical websites as well as the websites have to, you know, do things
ethically anyway.
Let's see.
Go into our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Pow in chat says, same with Sonic.
Journalists didn't get review copies because Sega didn't want that.
Yeah, let's not neglect that.
They know this stuff.
It's not like they don't know the state their game is going out in.
They play test this shit.
They know there's no way that, oh, we never had any of these glitches when we're testing
it.
That's a bunch of shit.
Here's where the Wii U kind of bubbling under the other, the PS4 and the Xbox one.
Here's where the Wii U being in that position kind of did a favor this week because not
as many people talking about Sonic, although it is to be fit.
Sonic Boom is in a very similar situation where a lot of people that have been playing
it are saying it's, it's grant granted that Sonic Boom, the bar wasn't exactly as high
as a century.
Exactly.
It's quite low.
That's true.
That's true.
A lot of people kind of go into Sonic games these days with tempered expectations.
But still, the last Assassin's Creed was so good, people pre-ordered this new one on
the back, on the heels of the last Assassin's Creed.
But still though, Sonic Boom still managed a limbo underneath that bar of quality that
they have there.
I don't know, it, poor Sonic.
Tiger Claw on chat says, I think the only risk is the sites getting blacklisted, but
I read Ubisoft is changing their policies behind it.
Well, Ubisoft's under a lot of pressure right now.
Ubisoft had to come out.
Didn't they start like a blog about here is how we're fixing the game, basically?
Like, they're wearing a lot of egg right now.
They're really having to kind of make amends to their fan base.
They let a lot of the Assassin's Creed fans down.
And you know, maybe there's some Assassin's Creed fans out there who feel differently
that might email us and say, Rob, the game's not as bad as Twitter's making it out to be.
And if you do feel that way, please, I want to hear from you guys.
But right now, everything I'm hearing is it's a technical glitchy nightmare.
And Ubisoft does have to respond to how they've let people down who trusted them with money,
with a pre-order.
See, that's the only thing.
It's like, that's where I would say, that's hard to say because, you know, digital pre-orders
you can't cancel.
Once you pre-order digitally.
Yes, you can.
Well, it's not easy to cancel.
Let's put it that way.
Yes, it was.
Well, how'd you do it?
Did you have to call Sony and do that whole thing or whoever it is?
Origin made it really easy.
Oh, yeah.
Because I ordered my Dragon Age and messed up on it because I used the wrong card.
It took me maybe three minutes to cancel the order.
Get my refund and then order it the proper way.
Origin even has the money back thing, though, with, you know, even if you did download it,
let's say this game was an EA game and came out and it was all fucked up.
Why did they have to do that?
Because of SimCity.
Because of SimCity.
So now it's going to be interesting to see how is Ubisoft going to make it right for
some of their games.
Oh, I don't know.
Let's put more Uplay features in there because, um, are there really any Uplay features that
I mean, I've I haven't played enough, I guess, Ubisoft games, but I haven't noticed any sort
of reason the need you play Dungeon Buster in chat says I've always accepted that some
minor glitches and patches were needed because of my PC history.
But the whole day one patching thing feels as if it's conditioning people to accept that
the product they're getting will already be broken in some way.
No, no.
Hold on.
I got to stop.
Stop the day one patch thing.
Day one patching is good because, you know, day one patching means day one patching means
that after the game has been pressed and is gold, that they're actually still bug fixing
after the fact.
And that's what that is, is that there is a time between when the game is gold and is
being pressed to when it comes out a few weeks.
So day one patches, I have no problem.
OK, but devil's advocate, I have to ask this.
Then why is the game going gold when it still has bugs in it?
Why is that acceptable?
Well, it's usually beyond Wednesday.
Assassin's Creed exactly is a good example of that.
I'm talking about like additional bugs that maybe are not so overt.
OK, maybe Dragon Age Inquisition might be an example, because Dragon Age did get bumped
back a month for mysterious reasons.
And now the game is out, the embargo is already up for it.
Nine point five, a 10 out of 10.
Yes, exactly.
And this is what needs to happen is, you know, delaying games so that EA kind of figured
it out with, well, they stumbled through it a few times, but they figured it out with
Battlefield 4.
We can't let something like that happen again, hopefully, as you know, giving them benefit
of that right now.
And so, you know, that's why they delayed Battlefield, you know, Hardline and they delayed
Dragon Age Inquisition.
I think NBA Live was OK this year.
I don't know.
I don't play basketball games, so but I haven't heard any super, you know, tons of complaints
about it.
EA's been having a pretty good year, all things considered.
So I mean, I think hopefully they've learned their lesson in judging by the reviews of
Dragon Age Inquisition.
It sounds like it.
Hardline hopefully will get good reviews.
Well, BioWare does a lot of quality stuff.
Yes, yes.
I might be a little biased, but BioWare does a lot of quality stuff, so of course it was
gonna...
Let's wait until Battlefield Hardline comes out.
Hopefully that'll be better than, you know, Battlefield 4 was.
Let's see, going to chat, Warrior Bob says, I don't mind day one patches if they're genuinely
finding or fixing new issues, but I have to admit, I really like not having to worry about
that, which is why I buy like 90% of my games from GOG, good old games, or flea markets.
And YYR is saying, you know, the reason why this stuff happens, because it has to come
out next week.
Dude, management and some of the ways these games have become so bloated in the way that
they're developed, it's really starting to wreck things, and I think unfortunately what
you're seeing here with Assassin's Creed and Sonic Boom and Battlefield and, you know,
this is starting to come to a climax here, where things in the gaming industry have already
been a little volatile for other shenanigans for the past couple months, and now this happens
and it's just like, oh my god, this has to fucking change.
So, joining us here in studio tonight, he's been in and out over the past few months,
we always appreciate him stopping by and saying hello.
From the big anime game room, say hello to Jonas.
Hello guys.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing fine.
So you've been listening to us debate a little bit about the Assassin's Creed Unity fiasco,
surely you've been following what's going on, what do you think about the whole mess?
So far, right now it's really a tough situation on YouTube, so I can't really answer the questions,
since I have actually worked in the game industry before, and actually work at a company like
Intel, that does like all this validation stuff.
So from, this is just from a general point of perspective, sometimes marketing, again,
back to marketing, has to push the game out at a specific time based on investments.
Because at the end of the day, it's about making the investors happy.
Correct.
Well, Ubisoft investors are not happy right now.
So yeah, that's one thing.
So this is why, day one patches, it's totally acceptable because they're trying to fix something
that might be considered critical before the consumer sees it.
Let's say I play something that has a critical bug, that for some reason didn't get catched,
or for some reason passed validation during development.
Like if I play and I see a huge glitch, and they say they're fixing it, okay, I'm gonna
be happy as a customer that day one actually happened with the fix.
Maybe like version 1.1, version 1.2, who knows?
But yeah, Ubisoft, the situation with Ubisoft is a really gray line situation, which I need
to know more details of what goes behind the scenes.
Well, we're gonna feel the effects of this week over the next few years.
I mean, it's not just Assassin's Creed, it's Sonic, it's also World of Warcraft.
You know, we're gonna get into that a little later in the show, but World of Warcraft launched
an expansion, and they had a lot of technical glitches that harken back to when the original
game came out.
And not even that, Halo the Master Chief collection, multiplayer server issues.
So I think there's a lot of gamers out there that are just fucking fed up with a lot of
this.
In addition to Assassin's Creed, this is probably one of Ubisoft's biggest challenges
to pretty much make amends for the customers and their fanbase.
For Sonic Boom, this isn't the first time this has happened.
I think everyone remembers what happened with Sonic 06.
Yeah, let's not talk about Sonic 06.
But it's just an example, like, if it happens once, okay, maybe the people may forgive.
But if it happens, like, constantly, then okay, then that's where the customers...
You're right, because what's happened with Assassin's Creed, and you can argue, I mean,
there might be an Assassin's Creed fan out there listening that's like, Rob, you're wrong,
it's not that bad, the internet's blowing it up, but this is gonna be a hard point to
dispute.
What is that?
Perception is everything out there right now, right?
And so the headlines, I mean, the BBC ran a story about the bugs in Assassin's Creed.
So at the end of the day, the perception out there is, Assassin's Creed is a buggy game.
So what is the ultimate impact of this gonna be?
If there's an Assassin's Creed 2015, the pre-orders are gonna be impacted next year, because people
are gonna stop and go, maybe I wanna wait for the reviews before I pre-order the game
this time.
After what happened.
And I wouldn't even say it's as far as that goes.
I mean, look at the kind of stuff that Ubisoft is pushing as quality products.
I mean, Watch Dogs had issues, and that was a big tentpole title for them.
You know, Assassin's Creed's having issues now.
The crew's gonna be coming out very shortly, so let's see if that has issues, and then
there's the Division that's supposed to be coming out, I think next year at some point.
If all of these, especially these online focus games that are gonna have server issues, like
the crew, I'm worried about that.
I mean, the servers are all fucked up and you can't play the game.
Assassin's Creed, I don't know if it's such a big deal.
Another interesting perspective here, Alan Alchemy in chat says, Bioware pushing Dragon
Age Inquisition by five weeks in July probably wouldn't have been possible if it wasn't for
the Mass Effect 3 mess, and them knowing that far ahead that they'd need more time.
If it was August, September, Activision probably wouldn't let them bump it.
Bioware has a lot of social capital to spend regarding, do you want another Mass Effect
3 on your hands?
Now Ubisoft gets to say, do you want another Unity on your hands going forward?
Interesting that that's what it takes, but again, I really feel like what's happened
this week, this month essentially, with not just one game, but the one game that's become
a symbol for several games, this impact's gonna be felt a year from now.
We're gonna be, like next E3, we will see things because of what happened this week.
I had a question though, because I'm not playing Assassin's Creed, so I don't really know,
and I was also looking up something else here real quick, but were these issues mainly on
PC or was this on console?
All of them.
Okay.
And speaking of, I was kind of curious, I'm like, well Assassin's Creed Unity didn't do
that great, I wonder what Rogue-
Well, and interesting you bring that up, because I want to make sure that did get brought up
at some point, is because a lot of people don't even know, there was a second Assassin's
Creed game that came out last week, and one reason people don't know that is because they
didn't give the early copies to anybody.
It was not, there wasn't an embargo or anything, they just flat out didn't send it out until
the day it came out, because Rogue is the quote unquote last gen release, it's the Xbox
360 and Playstation 3 release, but what I'm hearing, again, haven't played it, I can only
go off of everything that I try to absorb during the week, just like many of you, I'm
hearing it's not a bad game at all.
That's the experience people expected, you know what I mean?
Reviews aren't that great.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Well, keep in mind, I don't, I'm going off of gamers on Twitter, but generally it's better
than Unity right now, that's for sure.
It's probably not as buggy, because it's running in the same engine as the game last year,
but I'm going to say, I don't know, I'm trying to see real quick, let's see what-
Dungeon Buster in chat says, Rogue is really fun if you loved Black Flag.
Cow in chat says, I love Assassin's Creed, that's why I'm frustrated.
Yeah, it looks like they're getting about, you know, along the average, about the same
sort of reviews.
Black Wolf is talking about the crew, saying, one thing I noticed in the crew beta is that
the single player was still playable if you couldn't connect fully to their servers.
Oh good, see, because I was worried that that was more of an MMO type thing, where you know,
you have to play that.
I'm cool with it, hey, as long as they have single player not hindered by the fact that
you can't connect to the server, fine by me.
It's an inconvenience, yes, but it's not like, I'm not going to be as mad as like, say if
it was Destiny or something, where they're going to be, you know, like, for example,
they're going to be shutting down the servers, I think, for a few hours, and you know, you
can't play it during that time, it's fucking useless.
So I'm glad that it's not impacted totally by server outage problems.
Alright, well, again, I think we'll be talking about the events this week for a long time,
and we welcome your feedback, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, or many of you have
been participating in chat.
We do have a lot of other news to get to in our gaming weeks, so I do want to move on
with the show, but before we get into our gaming weeks, since Jonas is here, let me
catch up with you a little bit.
How was Reno?
You did your teabagger, you took your show on the road to Reno, right, and you did a
convention up there, how'd that go?
That actually turned out pretty well.
Yeah.
Surprisingly, this is actually unusual, there was actually, I think it was Mario Kart and
Smash Brothers had the same amount of people and participants, it was like, wait, Mario
Kart 8 is really starting to get popular.
Yeah.
Well, the new Smash Brothers also isn't out yet, but, you know, I'm sure that'll level
set some things when that comes out, but, well, now you have the Mario Kart DLC, and
that's gonna, you know, that's gonna make Mario Kart kind of last even longer.
I think a lot of people turned on Mario Kart 8 this week who hadn't touched it in a couple
months, I'm one of them.
I hadn't played in a couple months, but I was like, oh, I gotta check out those new
tracks.
Oh, wait for the game of the year edition.
Oh, Anna Wii U.
The inevitable game of the year edition next year that has it all bundled together.
I'm sure that'll be a thing, we laugh, but it will.
So everything went well for you guys in Reno?
Yeah, SnafuCon was actually pretty fun, it's a 24-7 game room and stuff, so it was like,
ooh.
Is that hard to do 24 hours?
I think his mic's off, I might check that.
Oh, oops.
Oh, no.
Oops.
Anyways, SnafuCon's 24-7 gaming, it's actually not bad because, yeah, I think it's like 1,000
plus people, but not as much as big as FanimeCon or those other cons.
But nevertheless, the community was really nice and it was manageable, meeting up with
Greenlight Gaming and other communities like the Reno Smash community and stuff.
Gotcha.
Let's see, what else do I want to ask you about?
Recently, this has nothing to do with the anime game room, but it's something I want
to ask you about, there was a large Pump It Up competition that you participated in, and
my understanding is you did pretty fucking awesome.
What happened?
I got second place of the US Championships.
So where were the US Championships at?
It was in Los Angeles.
So you went all the way to Los Angeles to participate in Pump It Up Freestyle?
Yep.
And you got second place?
Yep.
Get the fuck out, that's amazing.
Good job!
I'm surprised myself, I'm like, holy shit.
Can we see the video online somewhere?
I'm uploading the videos online, again, everybody, I know it's gonna take a while to upload it
on YouTube at 60 frames a second at 1080p, because YouTube actually allows you to do
60 frames a second videos now.
Like the super high-def stuff?
Mm-hmm.
Well, congrats to you.
What song did you do?
Actually, I'll just stay tuned for YouTube to find out.
Oh, you.
Oh, you.
All right.
Sorry.
So what did you get?
Did you win something for second place, or was it like a winner-takes-all sort of thing?
I got some prizes supported by Andamir, like shirts and all that other stuff.
But if it was a World Pump Festival, on the other hand, if the World Pump Festival occurred,
this last specific year, I would have been guaranteed a world championship offer.
Yeah, I was gonna say, do you get to, because you're at least like top three, do you get
to go to what, Korea or something and participate in the world there?
There has not been an announcement of a World Pump Festival championships yet.
Oh, okay.
But if it's announced, top two of any division, whether it's Women's Speed, Men's Speed, or
Freestyle, are eligible to go to wherever the country that they hold the World Pump
Festival for free, which includes like paid flights, paid food, paid hotels and stuff.
Well, look at you.
We're in the presence of pump royalty right now.
That's amazing.
And good on the CM Punk thing.
Oh, thank you.
The pose.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Stay tuned for the videos.
All right.
I'm sorry we're not getting the videos up on time, but.
All right.
Well, you can't come here on this program and not have something to promote.
So now you've got to get it up because the podcasters are going to go looking for it,
wanting to see it.
So.
All right.
Again, I'll post it up soon.
All right.
Sounds good.
Sounds good.
I hope you do get to participate in a world finals.
That's crazy.
Good.
How much prep did it take you to do something like that?
This one took me a while because I'll be honest.
Last year I actually competed really tired and sleepy and stuff and unprepared.
This time I actually came in more prepared and with more sleep.
Good.
Sleep is important.
And with new ideas.
Yes.
New freestyle ideas I don't think I've ever seen before.
Oh, well, look at you.
Chatters want to know where's your YouTube channel so we can find the thing when it's
posted.
You can go if you go to YouTube, just research on TBAGR space gaming or TBAGR space media
because it's the same name, which is.
You mean an underscore?
You can go YouTube just type in teabagger.
Hopefully they've all liked the teabagger page on Facebook by now and they will be able
to see it on there.
So that's the best way to do it right with 404 likes.
So hopefully that's good.
Sounds good.
Well, congrats.
That's so awesome that you have second place in the United States for Pump It Up.
That's amazing.
Thank you.
Congrats.
How much?
How much do you still play?
Do you play that game like every week?
And surprisingly, I came back at like last year's because I'll try one more time since
before I get too old for competitions to actually compete in the finals for you as
a lifetime.
Do they have an H cap or is it just like, there's no H cap.
Okay.
So I could compete if I wanted to.
Yes.
Fuck yeah.
I mean, like for example, this one Mexican male speeder who was actually 35 and got second
place last year.
Oh nice.
Yeah.
35 years old.
Way to wrap the 30 somethings.
Awesome.
I'm going to be, I'm going to be, I'm going to be the first 40 year old to win a freestyle
competition.
Awesome.
Live on stage.
Watch.
All right.
That's awesome.
Actually that doesn't remind me.
Wasn't there like a DDR routine way back in the day where some dude was on crutches and
got up on the DDR machine on crutches and he like threw him to the side.
Like he wasn't really injured the whole time.
I swear to God that was the thing.
I saw a video a long time ago of someone doing pero with crutches, but they didn't throw
them away.
They actually, Oh, maybe that might be confusing.
That might be the one.
It's been a long time.
Y'all been a long time.
Everybody in chat will know what I'm talking about.
All right.
Well, congrats.
Uh, of course Jonas will be just staying with us throughout the show to comment on the news
as we get to things, but let's talk about our gaming weeks and what types of video games
you have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura.
Uh, I've been playing Hatoful Boyfriend because I'm still live streaming it, which, uh, after
the week of Thanksgiving, my schedule will change.
So my streaming day will change, but for right now I'm still streaming on Tuesdays roughly
between four 30 and six, you know, is when I'll start and then it's about an hour.
Uh, I have three endings left to do of the regular game and then I have the hurtful boyfriend
path.
Um, uh, other than that, I'm also playing final fantasy 14 and uh, I don't know, thinking
about going to play some other stuff, I just haven't decided, but I've got dragon age on
Mondays.
You'll never hear from me again.
Yay.
Dragon age and lots of, uh, bust a move cause there's a new version on iOS.
Okay.
All right.
Um, let's see.
This week actually played some stuff.
I played more Call of Duty and um, I think I'm up to level 19 now on multiplayer.
And then I played, what else, um, a little bit more, uh, infamous second son.
It's still kind of okay with it.
I don't know.
I'm starting to like it a little bit more, um, as playing through the game.
Um, some of the mini game or like not mini games with little missions and they're kind
of dumb.
Um, I don't like how you can kind of do collateral damage to pedestrians and it counts against
you.
Cause I'm not, it's like, listen, you had me do that move and it's supposed to destroy
all this stuff.
I can't help it if I kill a few innocent people along the way.
It's not like I'm trying to do that, but uh, I don't know.
It's pretty fun.
And then, uh, I played a little bit of, um, Lego Marvel superheroes, play the demo kiosks
for the Xbox one that had that on there.
And so I played that with my son a little bit and he's kind of interested in it.
Um, it's pretty cool looking.
Uh, the, the song that they have though, they have a song that's on, I'm assuming it's both
the digital version and um, the disc version when you pop in the game.
You know how like if you're navigating through stuff on PlayStation, um, little cross media
bar thing that it'll play kind of music sometimes.
It's got like some, I don't even know what it is.
It sounds like an old song about like Marvel, but it's just like so weird.
It like, it fits, but it's just kind of silly.
I didn't even know what it was, but um, so that's kind of cool.
And um, what else they play?
I played a binding of Isaac rebirth a little bit, so I'm didn't make it very far.
I only played it for like maybe like 20 minutes, but I got down to the second basement and
um, kind of played through that.
It was kind of fun.
Uh, it's kind of a silly game.
And then I tried a little bit of picks the cat and didn't really get into that too much.
Boogs.
That game is awesome.
Yeah, but I couldn't really get into binding of Isaac rebirth.
I don't, I played it a little bit on PC when it was first out and I tried to play it again
on PS4 and I'm not, I'm not feeling it.
I'm sorry to say.
Yeah, it's okay.
I don't know.
I don't like indie titles like that, but I just, you know, some people like extroverts
obsessed with it.
So, you know, that's cool.
Yeah.
Um, and then what else?
Oh, I'm more ninja bots and we've got two controllers now.
So we've been, I was playing a little bit of that, uh, with Josh and so that's pretty
cool.
And then what else did they do?
Um, I think that's it.
I think that's all I've played.
Uh, but grand theft auto next week.
That's right.
It's already downloaded and ready.
Get ready.
Can't wait.
Next week.
Uh, I played more Final Fantasy 14, of course, because you know, MMOs, um, I've been really
tempted to go back to wow, but so far I've resisted and that's because people are seeming
to really love this new expansion when they can get into the game, which you know, a lot
of that settled down over the weekend, but they're seeming to really love the expansion.
So I don't know.
I'm teetering on the fence, but right now I'm like, all right, look, I got like three
console games to buy next week.
One MMO is more than enough right now.
If I try to get into a second MMO, none of these console games are gonna get played and
I can't have that.
So, uh, we'll see.
But anyway, I am still continuing on with Final Fantasy 14.
There are other online games I'm continuing to play.
I still am playing Diablo three.
Uh, I was playing my seasonal hardcore character.
I'm up to about Paragon 20 now on that character.
And then I was also playing my regular character, my non hardcore, non seasonal character, just
because I was like, I need to do some greater rifts because I hadn't really done a lot of
that since it came out.
So I wanted to try that feature a little more.
So I was playing that Diablo three also been playing heroes of the storm.
You might remember last week when I came back from Blizzcon, I was like, you know, I wasn't
really feeling super energized on wow coming out of Blizzcon, but I'm like, I've been missing
out on heroes of the storm.
I got to play more of this.
So sure enough, I've been, I've been playing quite a bit more heroes of the storm.
I really enjoy playing Lele, uh, Valla, the demon hunter.
I even found that I really liked playing Mirrodin, which I didn't think I would enjoy, but I
do.
Uh, so yeah, I'm, I'm shocked at some of the characters I'm finding.
I really enjoy playing in this game and, uh, just that I am having fun with this MOBA game.
When if you go back a year on the show and I talked about, I really tried to get into
Dota to you guys.
I really tried to get into League of Legends, you guys, but I'm really, I'm just so bad
at the game.
I don't know what I'm doing, but I feel like heroes.
I can kind of understand it a little differently and I think it's probably because it's toned
down a little bit.
It is an entry level MOBA and for somebody like me, that's great.
Not to knock the other games.
I understand why they're big, but just as an entry level game, heroes is really, really
good.
Um, so besides those, I've also been playing Mario Kart eight because the new DLC came
out this week.
I was talking earlier, uh, that, you know, if you haven't jumped into a game or if you
haven't played Mario Kart eight in a couple of months, you probably put it in and checked
it out this week because of the new DLC.
And uh, yeah, it's a, it's a strong DLC pack.
Uh, I kind of think that there's really only one new character.
I think Tanooki Mario and cat peach or whatever, kind of a stretch for new characters, but
all right, whatever.
But having link is awesome.
Having the new cars is pretty cool.
Uh, and the new tracks, it's really about the tracks and the, the tracks are, are, are
are pretty good for the most part.
Um, like I love the Zelda track.
The Zelda tracks are great.
Uh, I especially love the fact that instead of collecting coins, you get rupees, they
change it to rupees.
And when you run over the question mark blocks, instead of the usual roulette noise, it makes,
it goes, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo,
and then your item comes up.
Like it's those little changes like that that make that course really a lot, a lot of fun
to play.
Um, now you're probably wondering what I think about the F zero course.
And my answer honestly is, eh, eh.
It's not an F zero game.
And honestly it just feels like an F zero skin on what is otherwise a very Mario Kart
course.
And I was not really a fan of the Mute City remix because they, it's kind of super jazz,
like saxophone, like, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Like it's like, ugh, no, they, did Kenny G perform in this?
I don't know how to feel, I don't know.
But I mean, I get that it fits in with the other Mario Kart stages, but it just, I didn't
like that.
I was not my, I rejected that remix, I didn't care for it.
But whatever.
The Excitebike remix was really good though.
That was, that was a really awesome song.
The stage was a little boring because it's a big oval with just a bunch of ramps that
are straight out of what you used to see in the Excitebike games.
So like that stage for what it is, is pretty cool, you know, but it's not like the most
exciting thing in the world.
So yeah, played some Mario Kart 8 as well.
So and then, randomly the other night, I played a couple stages of Kid Icarus on Virtual Console.
That's right, 8-bit, hard as hell, Kid Icarus.
Why?
Because I realized I didn't have Metroid on the Wii U for some reason.
I was gonna play Metroid, and for some reason I don't have that on Wii U Virtual Console,
and I was like, yeah, I don't want to spend any more money.
I'll play what I have, and I have Kid Icarus, so I played a little bit of that.
That's where that ended up.
Alright.
Let's see.
I saw someone in chat telling me that, Cat Peach purrs, it's disgustingly adorable.
Let's see, Akuma JP says, I am sick, I heard Sky say, instead of coins, you get rabies.
No, no, no, no, no, Cat Peach does not get rabies, Akuma JP, that would be, that would
be a whole other game, that would be Zombie U2, featuring Peach, no, no, rupees, rupees,
the official currency of Hyrule, rupees.
Do they call, do they call them something else in Japan?
Do they have a different name over there?
It's rupees in Japan as well?
Okay, there we go.
Alright, sadly absent, sadly absent from the Zelda DLC, I will say, this is a perfect opportunity,
it's not there.
You could have had Tingle as the flag waver on the Zelda course.
Where was my Tingle on that course?
Come on.
Loki?
Come on, you gotta be disappointed at that too.
No Tingle in the Zelda DLC?
No.
It's travesty.
What are they doing?
Could be an easter egg, who knows.
Maybe, maybe I gotta like, up, up, down, down, left, right, maybe that's how they get Tingle
to show up.
It's kinda like flappy-vog.
Alright, anyway, alright, let's move on.
Jonas, how about you, what kind of games have you been playing this week besides, you know,
like, you know, winning competitions and shit?
Okay, now that I came back, I did play a bit of Mario Kart 8, decided to try a couple
of tracks.
What'd you think of the new tracks?
The new ice levels were actually pretty nifty.
The shortcuts were a little bit more difficult than most other shortcuts in the game, it's
like, oh, this is gonna be an interesting challenge, let's try it.
The excite bike, I mean, that's actually pretty fun, despite the fact that it is, quote, boring.
Well, at least it gives people an excuse that Baby Park is not coming back.
Fuck that course.
No Baby Park.
Yeah, we need Waluigi Pinball, though, if Waluigi Pinball doesn't show up in the Animal
Kart, or Animal Kart, Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, why don't I just throw it together as
Animal Kart, if Waluigi Pinball is not one of the retro courses coming, I'm gonna be
pissed.
I'm gonna be pissed.
That course is so fun.
I thought that was already one of the courses.
No, it's in the 3DS, but it's not, it's no.
And I believe Waluigi Pinball was originally in the Wii version, right?
I thought the regular DS.
Maybe, no, you're right, it was the regular DS.
Anyway, so yeah, that's the one retro course I haven't seen yet that I wanna see is Waluigi
Pinball.
Let's see, the dragon course is actually pretty interesting for its design as well.
F-Zero is like one of the only courses where coins do not show up, you have to actually
recharge your coins, which is actually an interesting feature for those who have been
waiting for F-Zero but can't get an F-Zero game for the Wii U as of yet, who knows, given
how popular Mario Kart 8 is.
What other games are you playing this week, anything else besides Mario Kart 8?
Unfortunately, no, because right now I've been busy with other stuff at the moment and
hopefully catch up with Pokemon or us and of course Smash Brothers next week.
I'm very excited about Smash Brothers next week because I can't get into it on the 3DS
the way I can on a console, so I'm very excited to be able to sit on the couch and really
get into the Smash Brothers game, it's gonna be fun, if I can put down Dragon Age and Little
Big Planet 3, which I'm also getting next week.
Ooh, I forgot about Little Big Planet 3.
Right?
I was just saying that before you got here, I was like, Little Big Planet 3, when that
is the release that's kind of bubbling under compared to other things, you know you have
a big week.
You have a big, big week.
Yeah, I mean I played in E3 and oh my god that's amazing.
Alright.
Anyway, let's see, let's get into some housekeeping tonight, we have a little bit of housekeeping
then we'll get into some gaming news.
For housekeeping tonight, a couple big things to talk to you about.
First off, YYR is gonna be here on the show tonight, a little later in the show, we're
gonna talk to him, probably at the top of part B is when we're gonna talk to him.
The reason why he's coming on the show tonight, he is here to unveil a new OLR inspired game
that is releasing tonight.
A new OLR inspired game releasing tonight, YYR is here to talk about that, so we're gonna
get that later in the show.
If you haven't checked that, if you're newer to the show and you didn't know about this,
if your 360 is still hooked up, you've got like, spend the dollar, you probably have
the fucking points and change them out, spend the dollar on Bungie Ferret Tossing, which
is in the XNA Arcade, the, what do they call it?
Indie games.
Indie games, the indie games section of 360.
Look for Bungie Ferret Tossing, that was the first YYR OLR inspired game.
And to be fair, to give YYR some of the plugs, he's done some other really good games.
Snake 360.
Snake 360 was a lot of falling, was totally underrated, I think he told me he didn't sell
a lot of copies of that, which really sucks, because that really kind of is a throwback
to like old 80s arcade games.
He needs to port that stuff, that'd be a green iOS game, I bet.
Yeah, I bet.
So anyway, so just a big plug for YYR Games and what he's doing, and hey, people that
are gonna take the dumb shit that comes out of our mouths and actually turn it into games,
we gotta applaud that, we've got to applaud that, so.
I have to keep being clever.
Yeah, I hear this game, this game was you, it was something that came out of your mouth,
that's what I know, it's something you said, Dark Sakura, became this game, that's all
I know.
Because I'm such a lovely and polite young lady.
Oh lord, here we go, now we're not, can we get an OLR dream game that's like, keep Jamie's
ego in check, fit Jamie's ego through the door, fit Jamie, your ego and Gemet's ego
could do battle, it would be like a.
How about this, ego buffer.
Or I have to wax your ego.
And then you have to buffer the size of it, so that it will filter properly.
Alright, YYR is saying, by the way, tonight's game, not a 360 game, tonight's game is a
browser game for free.
So that's right, I like free as well, so get ready, y'all ready for this, cause he's gonna
be on the show later to talk about this.
So I have an excite, I know I'm excited too, good times, are you enjoying?
I am.
Alright, also of note, mark your calendars folks, December 7th, we're gonna be doing
something a little special here at OLR, I get asked, we all get asked, several times
throughout the year, you know, I love your show, but you're on way too late for me, you're
on too late in the day for me, I live in the UK, and you guys are on at like 3 in the
morning, I wanna participate with your show, but I can't, cause you're overseas, well mark
your calendars for December 7th, cause OLR on December 7th will be at noon pacific time,
OLR will be broadcasting at noon pacific time on December 7th, so for those of you guys
overseas.
This will be 8 o'clock in the UK.
8pm in the UK, and a distinct time zone shift for many of you folks, so look out for that.
Now don't worry, if you are the person that is here religiously every week at 6 o'clock
pacific time, as we usually tape at, the show will rebroadcast in its entirety whatever
is done at noon, we'll rebroadcast unedited at 6pm, right, or whenever Bobby finishes
his show that night.
The reason why we're doing this, Dark Soccer and I are going to a holiday event in the
Bay Area with a mutual friend of ours, we're gonna eat a lot of food and drink, yes, so
we thought, you know what, this is a great, we want to tape the show in advance, a lot
of our overseas folks say, when are you gonna do a show earlier in the day, this is a way
we can kind of kill two birds with one stone, Dark Soccer and I can do our dinner, and those
that want to participate that live in a different time zone will have their opportunity.
Of course, I'm not saying, if you happen to be west coast or east coast, and you want
to be here at noon, or 3pm or whatever, no you're not allowed, you can still come, it's
not like UK only or whatever, but this will be your chance, so mark your calendar for
December 7th.
So there you go.
Alright.
And you have some folks in chat asking, so what time is that, and Jamie's saying, well
what time is it now, cause that's the time it's gonna be at, well it's 7pm now, so it'll
be...
Well no, I'm trying to figure time difference for what time noon would be, so like for right
now...
7 hours behind now, wherever you're at, anyway.
So, like where Ekuma is, it's already tomorrow I think?
Yeah, sadly I think Ekuma will get stuck in one of those time zones where noon is overnight
unfortunately, I'm sorry to say, but you know, it's one show, it's one show, and it will
rebroadcast at 6 o'clock, so I'm just, you know, this way Dark Soccer and I can be festive,
dammit.
I think it'd be like 3am for you, sorry.
Yeah, sorry to say, I think Japan's gonna get the overnight on that, but again...
Right now it's noon.
Yeah, and it will rebroadcast at 6pm, so just saying.
It's one show, guys, it's one show, Dark Soccer and I have to go eat a lot of turkey.
Nom nom nom.
Alright, so that's December 7th.
Alright, that's it for housekeeping that I can think of, let's get into some gaming news.
There's been a lot more than Assassin's Creed stuff and Sonic stuff going on this week,
so let's get into it.
Loki.
So, Sony announced this week that they're gonna be bringing a cloud-based TV service
to consoles called PlayStation Vue, and what it's gonna...
I guess it's gonna debut on PlayStation 4 and PS3, and they're even saying it's gonna
come to non-Sony devices, I guess, tablets and that kind of stuff.
What exactly is it gonna contain?
I have no fucking clue, and they said, you know, it is gonna be competitively priced.
And I don't know, based on the screenshots I've seen, it looks kind of like, you know,
you're like a Netflix or something, but one of the things that they did say is besides
like on-demand stuff, I think they're also gonna have actual streaming stuff, like it's
gonna be like TV, where you're gonna have stuff being broadcast and that kind of thing.
So I don't know, I'm kind of excited because I don't pay for TV, and to be fair, I know
Microsoft had originally talked about doing some cloud-based stuff, and that kind of fell
through, I guess, and I know Sony probably is in a little bit better position to do that
since they also are a media company that produces content.
And Microsoft scrapped theirs, unfortunately, yeah.
So it would be nice if that was a part of PlayStation Plus, but...
Yeah, well, don't hold your breath.
Here's the thing that I don't get, well, you know how they're talking about that PlayStation
Now is likely to have a subscription service in the future?
What do you want to bet it's tied to this?
You know, it'd be like a PlayStation Super Plus or something, I don't know, who knows
what they'll call it.
Whatever it is, if it makes sense.
Maybe details to come at that experience event in December, who knows?
Could be.
Could be.
This could be something they're going to talk about.
But anyway, my question is, how is Sony expecting to get away with launching a cable competitor
on cable internet?
Like surely Comcast and Time Warner are looking at this going, wait a damn minute.
Or can they?
Would that be antitrust if they tried to block it?
I think it would be.
I don't think they really have a say, I mean, I don't know.
Like for example, they're saying right now, the partners that they have...
This is why net neutrality is important, because if we don't get net neutrality, then these
companies can block this because they don't want the competition.
But if we have net neutrality, they will do that.
Well, they're not going to block it.
They're not going to block it.
What they're going to do is they're just not going to partner with them to provide stuff.
But it's kind of twofold.
It's one, they want to have their product in as many places as possible to get revenue
from that streaming stuff.
That's ideally how it should be, is where let's get our content on as many things as
possible.
But then sometimes they get greedy and they want that revenue to be just strictly coming
to them.
They don't want to have partial revenue coming from other things.
So right now they've got some of the partners, CBS, Fox, Viacom, so your MTV, Comedy Central,
that's kind of stuff.
Well, that's all an extension of CBS anyway.
Discovery Communications, NBC Universal, Scripps Network Interactive, which I have no fucking
clue with that.
Okay, interesting the NBC's on there though, because NBC is Comcast now.
So yeah, and of course they also said that Disney and Time Warner are in active discussions.
So nothing firmed out yet on that.
So Disney's a holdout, which is kind of a big deal because that's ABC.
Well Disney I thought was supposed to be doing their own thing, like they want their own
service.
I heard.
Yeah, they do.
But that's more of a Netflix competitor.
But still, Disney, they're very picky choosy on what they do with that.
But Disney does include ABC.
Disney owns ABC, which is a whole big broadcast network.
What are the big shows on ABC right now?
I keep thinking Lost, but that's been off the air for Lord knows how long.
Oh, Scandal.
I like that show.
Olivia Pope will not be on the, uh, the last season.
I love Scandal.
Shut up.
Yeah.
But that's already, that's on Netflix.
You just wait a year.
That's true.
I don't know.
It's not a big deal.
All right.
Fair enough.
Happy endings.
I love that show.
They scrapped that too.
Maybe ABC kind of sucks.
They keep getting rid of the shows.
I like, I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, well, I, I'm looking forward to more details on this.
I'm hoping we'll see some of it at the PlayStation event in Vegas in a few weeks.
Meanwhile, I mentioned there's a lot of drama going on, uh, this week and some of it is
around World of Warcraft.
The new expansion for World's Warcraft Warlords of Draenor came out this week and, uh, lots
of technical issues going on.
Lots and lots of technical issues happening with the game's launch.
Um, part of what's to blame for these issues is that Blizzard is saying that they are getting
a DDOS attacked, uh, right at the same time that they're trying to launch the game.
I can't imagine that the comments that were made at BlizzCon have anything to do with
why they suddenly became a DDOS target, but I'm sure Blizzard's always a DDOS target as
well.
That plays into it.
Yeah.
I don't know if I'd necessarily blame that.
It's just, you know.
The, I'm sorry, but there's that part of me that goes, you know, the internet sucks sometimes
and I wonder if that didn't make them a target.
But I kind of think World of Warcraft is always a target.
I sort of think that's always a target for, you know, uh, script kiddies and wannabe hackers
to want to attack, uh, to get a little attention to whatever thing they're pissed off about.
Um, so anyway, Blizzard blaming the DDOS attacks for a lot of their server issues and to combat
it, they had to severely limit the amount of people that could log into the game.
So players were looking at queues of thousands of people ahead of them.
One of my friends on Twitter waited 10 hours to get into our server yesterday and it was
one of those log in to get in the queue, go out, do something with the day and then come
back and maybe you'll be able to play later at night.
Now I'm hearing the expansions really good.
They're saying it is the best expansion since Burning Crusade.
Again, I'm hearing this from work, from, from fans on my Twitter that are kind of slant
that I met through Horde House that are already kind of slanted pro wow.
But I mean, that's a pretty strong endorsement that in spite of all those technical issues,
people are still really enjoying the game once they get in there.
Not everybody having such a happy experience though.
One of the folks that really took a stand against what's going on is the administrator
of the large Reddit community r slash wow.
The administrator of that community chose to shut down r slash wow until he could log
into the game.
Basically, there was a lot of crap going up onto the main Reddit Warcraft Reddit about
like screenshots of queue times, just like the same types of crappy posts over and over
again.
And the administrator was getting sick of it.
But a lot of folks also seeing this as the administrator just lashing out that because
they can't log into the game, that they're going to take it out on the entire 200,000
almost user base that is on Reddit for World of Warcraft.
In fact, earlier this evening, this is unfolding live as we're on air earlier this evening,
the wow Reddit was shut down once again, it opened up finally, I guess the guy could log
in.
But by then a lot of people were just basically like fuck you and your power trip, we're going
to a new Reddit.
And it is down again with a message from the moderators of r slash wow, the World of Warcraft
subreddit has been shut down due to doxing.
That message changed early about an hour ago, it said, there's a bunch of other World of
Warcraft Reddits out there, you can go check one of them out.
So this, this guy who's an administrator is having a fit, and basically shut down the
Reddit over it.
And a lot of people are saying, can't you take the Reddit away from him?
Can you petition the admins of Reddit to take it away from him?
But the answer a lot of people are getting is, that's not how Reddit works.
You make a subreddit, you can do anything you want with it, essentially, you're the
moderator of that.
So why don't they just make another one?
That's what a lot of people are doing.
But what's happening now, guess, guess what's happening as a result of that, Darsagra?
It's getting diluted, because everybody wants to make the new, everybody wants to make the
new World of Warcraft subreddit.
So you have r slash real wow, you have some people that are taking it to r slash Warcraft,
although those people are like, wait a minute, this is for lore discussion.
There's another one I just saw on Twitter, world underscore of underscore Warcraft.
What were some of the other ones?
I don't know.
Now what's happening is like five different people are launching World of Warcraft ones,
and no, you know, where's everybody gonna end up?
Who knows?
r slash wow was a pretty catchy, easy World of Warcraft sub, so, yeesh.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, did someone call the Wambulance for him?
Tiger Claw says, people take wow so seriously, good thing I'm not a part of it.
It should be noted that Blizzard's community management team endorsed Reddit's wow community
as an official fan community of sorts, and you can bet that a lot of that is in question
over the past couple days and what's unfolded there.
One of the CMs basically called the guy out on Twitter and said, this probably isn't the
best way to handle the situation.
It was professional, it wasn't like, fuck you asshole, which is probably what a lot
of people are saying to this guy, but, you know, it was a little more professional than
that.
Let's see.
Seattle in chat saying, usually you can't take over a Reddit unless all the staff haven't
logged in for X amount of time.
Apparently all the other moderators of the wow subreddit were demoted, so it's only gonna
be the one guy, so maybe that'll happen, who knows?
I don't know.
But obviously that is drama that is still literally unfolding live.
So apparently the admin got doxxed at some point, because maybe that's why he shut it
down again.
This is all unfolding.
But my understanding is people are logging into wow now, the queues aren't as bad, the
caps are back up to where they normally are.
If you play on a high pop server, you're gonna have some queues, but like, I know my buddies
over on gamebuoy.org, they play on a low mid-pop server, so they're not facing queues.
The Horde House Guild, though, was on a high pop server, so they're getting some minor
queuing, but no more than like 30 minutes.
So.
Alright.
So that's the drama unfolding in the World of Warcraft this week.
Is it because of DDoSing?
Is it because this expansion is so damn popular?
A lot of people are coming back to wow that apparently didn't do the same thing when it
was Pandaria or Cataclysm, like this seems to be attracting gamers in a different way.
Very interesting.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura.
Well, you know how there are those studies out there that say, oh, gaming rots your brain
and it makes you violent or stupid or all of that.
Well, there's actually a much better research study that indicates quite the opposite.
It's a study that's actually put out by Princeton University and the University of Rochester
to see exactly how gaming, especially certain types of gaming, affect your skill level and
your ability to learn.
And what they did is they found that people who are gamers are actually much better learners.
They learn faster.
But those who play the more like fast paced strategy games, something like Call of Duty
or Mass Effect or something, they're going to have better speed and cognition than someone
who plays a much slower strategy game.
But that's just because it's pretty much brain conditioning.
It's conditioning the brain to think quickly and, you know, basically be able to make a
quick decision like that and have it be a quick and educated decision.
So it's pretty cool.
So you learn how to think on your feet.
Yeah.
But the other thing, too, is that this actually, while they put out this, it's still just an
initial release.
They're running this as an ongoing study, you know, testing different.
This one right here is basically, this part was just the ability to strategize and learn
in situations.
They're checking a long term cognition and improvements on that.
You know what else will help you learn how to think on your feet?
Doing a live radio show.
But no, it's kind of, you know, what's funny is that I always, when I hear a story like
this, I kind of think back to what we used to tell our parents growing up.
But mom, video games are good for you because it's your hand-eye coordination.
I remember hearing that study before, like, I think 2003, like with the same results talking
about dexterity, like brain dexterity.
Well, think about how the Nintendo Wii really caught on in a lot of senior citizen homes
because the whole, like, you know, again, that, you know, the motion and the motion
and the interactiveness was really a good workout for the brain for things that are
fun.
Like bowling, like who doesn't know bowling?
Like a lot of senior citizens know what bowling is, okay, and golf.
So and you could do that, you know, very easily with this system and that's what really helped
the Wii catch on.
Well, the biggest items that they were focusing on were things like multitasking, perception,
attention, task switching, and decision making.
So basically things that would require quick decision making.
And I have to say that it's actually, I found this not on any video gaming website either.
I found it on I Fucking Love Science, which is very, very, a very good site for, you know,
cool science, which all science is cool, but this is really cool.
YYR in chat says, I bet you all five bucks that Rob is sitting down right now.
So much for thinking on your feet.
Nope, he's standing.
Well sir, you just lost five bucks because I'm standing right now and my co-host can
vouch for that.
Cause I get, if I sit during, I do sit for a lot of the show, but when I sit during the
whole show, like my butt gets sore.
I got to stand up once in a while.
Does your butt fall asleep?
Long show.
What?
Does your butt fall asleep?
I wouldn't say it falls asleep, but I just have to get up and move.
Get up and move.
Once in a while.
Do you get twitchy cheek syndrome?
Do do do do do.
Fine.
Get up and move.
Come on.
I figured YYR would appreciate that.
Rob's just trying to avoid swamp ass.
Yes.
I'm trying to avoid swamp ass or whatever I've got going on my, basically J-Lo ass back
here.
I'm trying to prevent a little bit of that.
All right.
You should do what I'm doing, Rob.
What?
Fuck it.
That's right.
Fuck it.
All right.
Loki, what do you got?
Um, so there's been some issues with share play and um, you know, it's been known that
I guess call of duty is blocking share play cause they say that they haven't tested it
with their game yet.
Um, I don't know, whatever.
But um, apparently also people are having trouble with FIFA 15.
Um, now it's not known yet if this isn't necessarily where EA saying, Hey, we're just not going
to share this.
Um, we're not gonna allow you to share game play on this, but apparently there's issues
with it right now where if you try to do it, sometimes it gives you a problem where it
says you can't, um, do that.
And I guess it's not necessarily just FIFA, but also they're having trouble with like
a FIFA 15, WW2K 15, Guacamelee, uh, middle earth, shadow of Mordor, um, stuff like that.
So apparently it worked at one time, but now it's not.
So they're saying, you know, kind of your mileage may vary.
Um, is this related to some of the, like, cause a PlayStation was tweeting out the share
play was broken earlier this week.
Yeah.
There was like a, you know, they're saying, no, some PlayStation four owners are currently
unable to access share play.
We are investigating the error message displayed on PS4 is inaccurate and that's in regards
to, you know, it being disabled because you know, the error message is popping up right
now.
If you try to do that, um, you know, viewing the game screen that the host is currently
playing is not allowed due to content restrictions in your country or region.
If the host starts a game that you can view a game string, a game screen will be displayed.
Um, so it's almost sounds like a ESRB or like a Peggy lockout type thing, but you know,
it's a rated E game.
Well, at least, you know, I'm not sure what the Peggy equivalent is, but yeah, it's for
everyone.
So I don't know why that would be the case, but I wonder, can these games be streamed
on Twitch because I mean, I know you can lock out certain scenes of your game when you're
live streaming on Twitch, but can you lock the whole game out of Twitch?
I mean, surely people would just use an outside capture card to get around that if they wanted
to.
True, but, um, they apparently were saying, I guess it was, um, what was it, it's, it's
a feature that's, you know, basically in every single, um, every single game that's out there,
but it's just, you know, the up to developers, they can lock the, you know, basically here's
what it says.
The share play is a system level feature available for all PlayStation four titles.
However option, the option is available to developers to disable the feature according
to what they feel is best, uh, will be the best benefit to the consumer experience.
So it's possible that they can disable it, but I don't know if that's what's going on
here.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, whatever the case may be though, um, it's, um, not just FIFA 15, there's, you know,
a few other games that are out there and it's just kind of, I don't know, maybe, maybe
it's going to be fixed soon, but it's not just FIFA 15.
Hmm.
Um, you know, yeah, here's some other games.
They said the 14 games known to block share play, um, include, and this is kind of stupid.
I don't know why all these are like this, but, uh, another world call of duty, advanced
warfare called duty ghosts, child of light, hotline, Miami, Metro redux, Minecraft, pixel
junk shooter, ultimate Rayman legends, steamworld dig thief, tomb Raider and Wolfenstein.
The new order steamworld dig is a PS plus game.
Almost everybody has that.
It's weird that they'd lock that out.
If that's, if that's intentional, it's up to the developer that maybe if it doesn't
run well with it right in there, I don't know weird.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange on radio at volknetwork.com
use the passphrase copy.
All right, well, uh, hopefully this game runs well cause it sounds like a pretty cool concept.
You know, uh, you know, Tyto, a big classic game developer and they were responsible for
a couple of classic arcade games back in the day, Arkanoid, you ever played Arkanoid the
whole like breakout, right?
And then of course space invaders, right?
So how about a mobile game for iOS and Android that combines the two?
That's right.
Arkanoid versus space invaders.
That is a real thing that's out there, uh, where you will absorb incoming attacks until
your meter is full and then you fire the energy back in ball form to wipe out the invaders.
You wipe them out with your balls.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, it's not out yet, but it will be on its way out in Japan in the winter.
No word if it is coming out worldwide, but I can't see how it doesn't come out worldwide.
Like I know we got things like groove coaster and some of the other, um, uh, Tyto stuff
here.
So there you go.
Um, and maybe, maybe could a 3ds or PlayStation Vita, could, could that be in the works as
well?
Oh, I don't know.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
All we know now for sure.
iOS and Android, but looking at some of these screenshots, it does look kind of fun and
I like space invaders and I like Arkanoid if the price is right, if it's like a 99 cent
game or even like a dollar 99 and if it has an excellent soundtrack, cause I'll tell you
what a lot of those Tyto like space invader games have a fricking awesome soundtrack.
So yeah, that's a good soundtrack that'll, that'll be make it worth it right there.
Arkanoid versus space invaders, Jamie, you're a fan of classic games.
How does that make you feel?
Hearing about that?
Tingly.
Tingly.
Uh, SSJ 100 Matt in chat says, wow, feels like this should have happened ages ago, right?
Fifth dream says best fucking game ever.
OMG.
Well now let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
I, especially after some of the things we've learned this week, let the reviewers have
a crack at it first.
Then we'll make our decisions.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
Dark soccer release dates after this.
Well, we have some other stuff going on.
Um, you know that, that a dumb ass who on Twitter decided to threaten, uh, Gabe Newell,
you know?
Yes.
Yep.
Pretty, pretty stupid.
Um, well anyway, uh, Mike Malbeck, his, uh, basically he was, uh, uh, with, uh, the, the,
the, I'm all tongue tied.
Um, he developed, he was, uh, the developer on Paranautical Activity.
Well, um, he left the company he was with and now he's back.
And Code Avarice is doing a new game.
So he, uh, he decided to leave.
He came back.
He's just sort of still a douche.
I don't know.
What do you think?
Uh, I think this guy kind of ruined his reputation already some time ago and it's going to take
a very, very, very, very, very long time to get that back.
Cause unfortunately you have people like us and the websites that were also running these
stories kind of already, uh, you know, commenting based on his behavior, which is, um, you know,
too bad.
But he said it.
So.
The new, the new game is called Spinal Destination, which is a mix of Lush for Dead, TimeSplitters
and Painkiller.
Oh, wow.
That's kind of funny.
That's a funny name.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't want to judge the games based off of one douchebag.
That's true.
That's a good point.
Cause there might be other hardworking people on it.
But we, I mean, as long as he's not like the, you know, owner of everything ever with it,
then I wouldn't, I wouldn't judge the company based on just him.
Now, if it was someone like say, oh, the CEO and owner of said company, like dead guy who
owned that chicken chain, you know, then that's, that's a little different story.
Uh, let's see.
Bobby Lockwolf in our chat says he realized he couldn't get a job.
So he went back to his old job.
Yep.
Uh, Tiger Claw in chat says, sounds like the guy is desperate.
He found out leaving the company, he wouldn't be making the money he was when developing
games.
So.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates cause uh, I believe it's
a busy week.
Right?
Loki?
Yes.
It's probably one of the biggest busiest weeks in November.
So this is going to be as busy I think as it's going to get meaning the busiest week
of the whole year.
Yes.
The busiest week of the whole year.
So, um, let's see this week we have Hatsune Miku Project Diva F second for Vita because
it's already come out on PlayStation three, uh, Dragon Age Inquisition on PlayStation
three, Xbox 360, PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC, the PlayStation four and Xbox one
versions of WWE two K 15 come out this week.
Escape Dead Island, a game I completely forgot was coming out.
PlayStation three and Xbox 360, a little big planet three on PlayStation four and PlayStation
three.
Uh, MX versus, uh, was it MXGP 14 on that's on Xbox three 60 and I believe PlayStation
four as well.
Yeah.
PlayStation four and maybe PlayStation three.
Uh, let's see what else here we've got.
Oh, I guess Hatsune Miku Project Diva F um, second is coming out this week as well in
PlayStation three.
I thought that came out already.
Not the second.
That's, that's the difference.
Ah, yes.
Okay.
This is a new one.
David's invasion on, um, Xbox three 60 PlayStation four and Xbox one.
That's the interactive TV show thing.
Watchdogs finally coming out on Wii U this week.
Um, so I guess you can pick that up now.
Uh, let's see my favorite game of the week, grand theft auto five on PlayStation four
and Xbox one.
Uh, far cry for coming on PlayStation three, Xbox three 60 PlayStation four and Xbox one
and PC, a middle earth shadow of Mordor on PlayStation three and Xbox three 60 cause
those versions were delayed.
Uh, Minecraft, the Xbox one edition gets a disc release this week.
A monopoly, the family fun pack on Xbox one and PlayStation four.
Um, smash brothers for the Wii U it's going to be coming out on Friday.
Also along with that Pokemon alpha Sapphire and Pokemon omega Ruby on three DS.
And I think there's a whole host of accessories and amiibos and shit.
They're going to be coming out this week as well.
All right.
Busy busy.
You want to name all the amiibos coming out?
I'm just kidding.
Fuck if I care.
Don't do that.
All right.
Nintendo characters.
All right.
Japan's, uh, got some stuff this week as well.
Um, Assassin's Creed unity gets its Japanese release on November 20th.
If you are daring and wanting to check that out, Shin Sangoku Musou seven empires comes
out in a regular and premium box edition.
By the way, these are both on PlayStation four.
That is also out in Japan this week.
EA sports UFC getting its Japanese release as well this week.
That all is on the PlayStation four, uh, on the Xbox one.
A lot of that same stuff I just named over on the Xbox one as well, because remember
that is out in Japan now.
Uh, so Shin Sangoku Musou seven empires also in Japan this week on the PlayStation three,
you can also pick up once again, Shin Sangoku Musou seven empires there as well.
Um, as far as Japanese stuff on the PlayStation three though, not a lot else this week.
Uh, let's see the Vita and the 3DS.
The Vita has Senju no Enbu Kyoku comes out this week on the PlayStation Vita and on the
Nintendo 3DS this week, if I can get to my list, uh, I think it's a little busier there
on the 3DS because we have Doriego Nobita Tohyusei no Fushigi collection comes out as
well as Mahokore Maho Aidoru collection.
Magical idol collection.
It's probably a collection of idol games.
Let me look.
Well, let's look.
Magical something.
The title's not going to be any, yeah, this looks like a, like an idol game mixed with
uh, like kind of like a farm-esque type of thing.
Looks like.
Yeah.
Farmer Idol.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Uh, Sumiko Gurashi Koko Ga Ochisukundesu comes out as well this week and that is adorable.
It looks, it looks like Pusheen the cat, but they're different characters, like a penguin
and a dog.
And I don't know what the hell they're doing, but it's cute.
They're eating sushi in this picture.
Doesn't that game look cute?
They look like little things with singular eyeballs.
They do.
They look like those Pusheen stickers on Facebook.
Pusheen's amazing.
I know, but they, they look like Pusheen's cousins.
That's what I'm going to call that game.
Pusheen's cousins comes out.
By the way, uh, there is, uh, some releases as well.
Um, oh, nevermind.
That's Australia I'm looking at there.
Some 3DS's XL, the new 3DS XL is out in Australia this week.
I guess it's worth mentioning that there.
Pokemon Alpha Sapphire also this week in Japan and Omega Ruby, of course.
So a busy, busy week and a lot of peripherals coming out to support that.
Dr. Sakura.
Uh, there's some stuff coming out in the UK, but who cares?
And I'm kidding.
I love you guys.
Um, on the 17th we have Company of Heroes 2, our Den's Assault.
Uh, on 18th we have Grand Theft Auto 5 on Xbox, on the Xbone and PlayStation 4.
21st of November we have Adventure Time, The Secret of the Nameless Kingdom and Dragon
Age Inquisition on Damn Near Everything.
We also have Escape Dead Island, Far Cry 4, Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor, Sonic Boom
and WWE 2K15.
So uh, save thine pence.
All right.
Any other stories for you guys?
And then the classic game of the week.
Loki.
All right.
This is kind of cool.
Um, there, you know, you're not the way a little bit for the actual Oculus Rift to be
coming out, but remember that whole Samsung Galaxy Note 4 attachment that's, it was the
Samsung Gear VR?
Well, it's coming out next month.
Um, they in fact have a price point of $200 for the attachment.
Now granted, you're gonna have to actually buy the, you know, Galaxy Note 4 to plug in
there and that's probably a little bit more expensive than that, um, but yes, you can
own that next month.
Um, to go along with that, of course, they've released, uh, Oculus released their mobile
software development kit and um, you know, I guess it should be interesting to check
out.
I guess the VR headset though, the Oculus Rift, not expected to be hitting until mid
2015, but I don't know, I do need a new phone.
Note 4 is kind of expensive to buy out of a plan, so, I don't know.
Are you thinking about it though, Loki?
Thinking about it, but I probably wouldn't.
It's not a lot of money to jump for that and honestly, you don't necessarily have to get
the first one either.
You know, next year is going to be a huge year for this stuff, so yeah, and honestly
I'd be more interested in picking up probably, uh, Project Morpheus whenever, whatever the
hell they decided to actually call that.
I'm sure it's not Project Morpheus.
Call it something Matrix-y though.
I wonder if, uh, the name will be unveiled.
Ooh, like the Sony Matrix would be pretty sweet.
The Sony Matrix.
Hey, why not?
Project Morpheus.
I mean, hey, I'm down with that.
Or the Sony Neo.
The Sony Neo.
The Sony Blue Pill.
No.
The Sony Trinity.
The Sony-o.
Ah, hey, that's a...
I'm smart.
I'm the one that came up with O.L. Army, I mean, hello.
I thought that was puppy.
I thought that was puppy.
I thought that was puppy.
I thought that was puppy.
I kinda like that name.
That would work.
No.
It was a combination, I think.
But I did one of the tank with O.L. Army on the side.
Ten years ago.
Anyway.
Uh, well, you know what?
Speaking of coming up with new names, uh, the VGAs, the Video Game Awards, they're gonna
have a new name because, you know, game tactics is not really a thing anymore.
Uh, so, now, uh, the VGAs will become the Game Awards 2014, uh, speaking, uh, to Jeff
Keeley, the producer, saying, quote, the Game Awards 2014 will celebrate our collective
love of games and the passion we all hold in our hearts for this incredible entertainment
medium.
Gaming has never been stronger, and this year we will recognize the fastest selling launch
year in history for new game consoles, the rise of esports, and mobile gaming around
the globe, and preview the games that will make 2015 the biggest year yet.
Uh, this is gonna take place in the AXIS Theater, uh, in Vegas, and, uh, you will be able to
see it pretty much online, uh, anywhere.
I believe it's gonna be on Xbox, it's gonna be on Sony, it's gonna be on Twitch for sure.
It will not, however, be on television, uh, it's no longer tied to Spike TV.
That might not be a bad thing, though, because, uh, as this thing's getting more independent,
so a lot of that crap stunt stuff you have to do for TV, like celebrities who don't actually
play video games, they won't necessarily have to do, so it could be interesting.
It wasn't, was it last year that it was all fucked up?
There was something really, um, embarrassing with Jeff Keeley.
Was it the E3 stuff last year?
Was that, like, um, the awards last year?
Well, where do we begin?
Was that the Doritos and the Mountain Dew, or is that the, uh, you're probably thinking
that the awards last year was online only, I think, and it was, it was, it was weird.
It was, yeah, it was, like, it was awkward, yeah, it wasn't, it wasn't that good.
It wasn't Conan O'Brien doing it as well, no, it was, um, it was Jeff Keeley and, um,
what's his name, from The Soup, um, why can't I remember his name, uh, Joel, uh, who's the
guy from The Soup?
Joel McHale.
Yeah.
Uh, let's see, and they're telling me in chat I misspoke, uh, it's Game Trailers was the
site, right?
Yeah, Game Trailers.
Game Trailers.
Yeah, Joel McHale last year, remember, I, I like the guy, but I think he was kind of
annoying last year, and, um, I don't know, it'll be interesting to see, you know, obviously
Keeley loves games, and I think he'll do a good job with it, it's just, I don't know,
I'm interested to see it.
Well, this is the other interesting thing about it, you know, and, I don't know, I'm
skeptical about the whole thing, but this, this does make me go, well, shit, he ain't
fucking around.
Uh, Jeff Keeley is laying down the money himself to make this work, uh, and there's also a
part of me that goes, must be nice to have that kind of money to risk on the investments,
but you know what?
He works hard, he's shown up on freaking everything that has to do with video games, he was at
BlizzCon on their thing, so, seems like he's, he's a lot of times the face of game journalism,
for better or worse, um, so he's putting the money down, the investment is my own, I'm
bankrolling it and we're trying to sell some sponsorships, but there's no submission fees,
I didn't even realize that they had been charging submission fees, but, uh, there's a fair amount
of risk involved, uh, uh, but he will not say how much of his money he's putting up.
He did say, I thought about doing a kickstarter, but I would feel awkward doing that, I think
I need to take this on myself to prove that I can do it, I need to prove to everyone this
is going to be great, if I were to kickstart it, there would have been a fair amount of
skepticism, you know what?
That statement alone raises my hopes a significant amount, that he kind of realizes that, he's
like, you know what?
I could do that, but I'm going to just, I believe in this enough or I'm just going to
take the risk.
I mean, good luck.
I, the thing that worries me about it is this seems to be happening kind of quick, like
this was just announced and isn't this ceremony happening like the week, the PlayStation thing?
It's like, it's not a lot of time.
Yeah, usually it's in the early part of December.
Yeah.
So I don't know, but maybe, if he gets some good exclusives, it'll have a lot of people
talking, you know, especially if he's able to, and I don't know what he will, won't be
able to say, but if he's able to say like, the world reveal of the new XYZ game will
be during the game awards, that alone will get a lot of eyes on it.
If he can, they have a lot of world exclusive trailers and stuff that, you know, they like,
they had a new, I think that was one of the, that's where they announced Skyrim years and
years ago.
I remember that Skyrim.
Yeah.
And then, um, I think they had a new trailer for No Man's, it was either the first time
they showed off No Man's Sky or that was the second time.
That was their big thing last year, the No Man's Sky footage.
Yeah.
That was, that was last year.
I was like, yeah.
That was like the one thing everybody was happy they tuned in for.
So yeah.
And that was ironic part of that is that was the game that got the most hype out of everything
that they showed.
It was like, yeah.
So I, I'm, I don't know.
We'll see.
It's kind of one of those.
We'll see what I'm doing on that day when it's area, which from around I'll, I'll maybe
tune in.
Speaking of which, I want to play No Man's Sky.
Don't play No Man's Sky.
I want No Man's Sky.
Can I come out soon, please?
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Let's move on.
We're going to get to the classic game of the week because, uh, every week dark soccer
likes to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, Hey, you guys should
be checking this game out.
You know, screw, screw all this new fangled stuff.
I'm going to walk into the vault.
I'm going to find a classic game for you all to worship this week.
I'm a school y'all.
So you know what?
There's a screw Dragon Age Inquisition to hell with Pokemon.
Okay.
To hell with Pokemon.
Fuck little big planet and go eat a bag of Dick Smash Brothers because classic games
is where it's at.
So dark soccer, just take all that other new shit to the dumpster.
And what classic games should people be playing this week instead?
I have gone for the edge of the 10 year rule and gone for Capcom fighting evolution or
as it came out in Japan and Europe, Capcom fighting jam.
It came out in 2004.
It was a fighting game from Capcom that originally came out in the arcades, um, for the Namco
system two 46 hardware and came out on the Xbox, uh, Xbox and PS two.
It has, uh, basically characters from three different, uh, incarnations of the street
fighter series as characters from red earth and characters from dark stalkers.
And they use the same fighting system for each character does.
And it almost seems like they pulled exact sprite rips from it too.
So this game actually had some issues around it.
Um, so basically, uh, the only original character in this one was Ingrid, as we've seen her
show up in other games before.
And then you had the bosses, Pyron and, uh, Shin Akuma, um, or a Shingoki as, uh, he was
in Japan.
Um, you also had, uh, two on two and you had the two on two endurance style matches like
you saw in rival schools.
And, um, you could choose, uh, different, uh, you know, a series of characters together
and the Japanese version, if the current character is defeated for one round, the next round
begins with the other version, although in the North American one, you can keep the same
character.
So we have the street fighter, two turbo edition versions of, uh, Ryu, Kyle, uh, Vega, well,
bison over here, Vega in Japan and Zangief.
And in Dark Stalkers, we had, um, Anakaras, Dimitri, Felicia and Jetta.
I love freaking Jetta in all the games ever.
Um, and Street Fighter Alpha, I know a lot of people that would want to play this just
so then when they knock out Felicia, they can go, bye Felicia.
Just saying.
Okay.
Street Fighter Alpha version, we had Guy, we had, uh, Karin, uh, Rose and Sakura.
And then, um, from Red Earth, which is a game that only came out in arcades, um, was, uh,
you had, uh, Leo Houser, Hydron, who was called Newell in Japan and Kenji, who was, uh, Mukuro
in Japan.
And then we had Street Fighter 3 editions of Alex, Chun-Li, uh, Urien and Yun.
The original character was Ingrid, who also came back in Street Fighter Alpha 3 Max on
PSP, um, as a time traveler.
And of course you had your bosses, which was, uh, Pyron and Shingoki.
So it had a really, really good soundtrack too.
It had just music from all the various different games and different versions thereof and its
own original pieces.
But the sad thing is that the game was very well received because of how it seemed like
the animation had been cut down.
Um, the only really well received character was Ingrid because she actually really did
have the most work done for her.
And then it was admitted from, um, Yoshinori Ono that, uh, the game was a salvaged version
of Capcom fighting all-stars.
And, um, by trying to incorporate the various different styles of all these games that it
was causing a balance issue.
And so basically it wouldn't work.
So really this game is, like, Capcom-Lugen style.
So.
But it is worth mentioning because it brought us a character who's shown up in other Capcom
games.
It's...
It was a very, I think, unique take on Capcom's own fighting games.
And so it's definitely worth a mention today.
So we have Capcom Fighting Evolution, AKA Capcom Fighting Jam.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Capcom Fighting Evolution or Jam.
Whatever you prefer there.
Not to be confused with Kurota Berry Jam because that was from a different game.
Uh, available on the Xbox, Playstation 2, and Arcade.
Yerp.
Here it is.
All right, uh, now, uh, we've got plenty more Orange Lawns ready to come.
We are gonna take a break, but when we come back, YYR's gonna be here to pull the curtain
back on his newest OLR dream game creation.
I'm so freaking excited, I can't stand it.
Uh, we're also gonna get into rapid fire news, the Fugu question of the week, um, and more
news and your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
All when we come back with more of OrangeLoungeRadio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to OrangeLoungeRadio, live on this Sunday evening with the 575th
episode of our show already in progress, and I gotta tell you, it's been a very busy night
so far.
We've, uh, talked a lot about some of the controversies going on in gaming this week,
but you know what, now we've got some good news coming in because, uh, this is always
a hoot and a pleasure to announce when somebody out there takes one of our OLR dream games.
If you're newer to the show, sometimes we get these crazy fucking ideas for games, and
we'll just be like, someone needs to make that game.
Like, I think, I think one of the first ones I ever remember was puzzle sluts.
Somebody said, you know, there needs to be a puzzle game that's just, just, you know,
all these sluts.
Puzzle sluts would be the best.
Exactly.
Like, inspired by the 8-bit games.
I'm not, I don't mean that all the sluts have to be women.
Women, men, everything, cats, dogs, sweaty cats.
Pantsless rage.
Exactly.
All that could be included.
Over the years, the list of, uh, dream games has grown and grown and grown, and, um, not
that long ago, uh, probably about two years ago, a listener by the name of Aaron or YYR
actually took one of the games from the OLR, uh, dream game list called Bungee Ferret Tossing
and made it a reality, and it's available on the Xbox Live Indie Arcade.
And it is addicting.
It is.
And, uh, tonight, he is back to unveil the second, the appropriately number two project,
uh, for, uh, his OLR dream game, uh, it is Aaron or YYR, and he's there on the line with
us tonight.
You there?
You there, Aaron?
Hello?
Aaron, can you hear me?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I am.
There you are.
Hey, how you doing?
Can you hear me?
Hello?
Hi, we can hear you.
Can you hear us?
I hope so.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I can hear you.
How you doing?
Uh, not, not so bad, actually.
It's, uh, it's been a really busy couple of weeks, and, uh, well, uh, this has, uh, not
helped, but actually, it didn't take very long to put this game together.
It's, uh, obviously very Atari 2600 inspired, um, but it was the first thing I thought of
when Jamie said Pixel Shits.
That's right.
Somehow.
You just pulled back the curtain before we went to break here live on your newest game
Pixel Shits, which, I don't know, Jamie, when did this ever come, I don't, it's, that's
the thing, is, like, sometimes YYR will be like, hey, I made this game based off something
you said.
I honestly don't remember-
When did we fucking say that?
But I remembered saying something about, like, if I remember right, I said something about,
I think I tried to say Pixel something else and said Pixel Shit instead, so then we started
talking about-
Something like that.
Taco Bell, and then I don't remember.
It was during the Rod Caliber, the same episode where you mentioned Rod Caliber.
Oh, yeah, Rod Caliber, because that was Sega Bass Fishing for Classic Game.
Yeah.
Fish!
So if folks want to check this out, we will link it in the show notes, so if people are
looking at this on VOG or whatever, they can check it out, but if they don't, uh, you know,
they don't have the show notes in front of them, you can head on over to yyrgames.com,
and it's slash PS, so, uh, for Pixel Shits, so yyrgames.com slash PS, and this is an
Atari 2600, I've been watching Loki play, by the way, he's been playing All Break, is
he still going?
Oh, no, he went back into chat.
I had 101.
You had 101?
Okay, so, so to explain what you do in this game, well, let me, I'll let you do it.
What is, what is the object of Pixel Shits?
The object is to shit everywhere, so as to prevent, no, it is, so as to prevent the joggers
from getting to, from one side of the park, I guess, to the other, and, uh, they just
randomly spawn from, you know, a random side of the screen and run towards the other side,
and your only method of attempting to stop them is by shitting, and, um, by hitting the
space bar, you can shit, and by the way, I apologize to anyone who's offended by the
use of the word shit, but it, I, I don't know, it, but at any rate, yeah, I, I was given
Pixel Shits to work with, so I went with it.
I can already see the box art now, like, you need some, like, you know the 2600 box arts
were all, like, these epic paintings and things, and this could be, total 80s jogger with the
sweatband and everything, exactly, and it'd be, like, up to the neck and poop, the first
video game that encourages you to shit on it, like, it should come with a free packet
of Metamucil.
Oh, man.
Now, Tigerclaw's asking, probably, you know, a Jim Boy's coupon, who is doing the Pixel
Shits, birds?
But no, it's you, it's the hero, it's human shit, this is human fecal matter, it is, it
is the player, yes, all right, um, when you start the poop meter is at max, by the way,
the internal unity object is actually called poop meter, and, you know, as you poop all
over the place, it depletes, however, there's a conveniently located Taco Bell in the upper
right corner of the screen, pixely Taco Bell, and if you line up alongside it and then just
continue mashing the space bar, you will recharge your poop meter by presumably eating, and
then you are ready to shit again.
This game is also called Break Your Space Bar The Game.
I love that it has a very authentic 2600 feel to it, I mean, you might, if you go check
out Pixel Shits right now, your first reaction is gonna be, it's probably gonna be one of
two things, probably gonna be like, what the fuck, and then it's gonna be like, this game
is kinda ugly and stupidly simple, but that's the point, like, a lot of 2600 games were
like that, like, one of my favorite 2600 games, I don't know if you've ever played this one,
there's a game that Activision did, it was called Frostbite, have you ever played it?
That I was hoping you'd mention Kaboom, I do love Kaboom, Frostbite I have not played,
okay, that's all right, I love Kaboom, and that's a stupid simple one too, that's just
collect bombs with the paddle, that's it, these little ugly ass bombs fall and you pick
them up with the paddle, it's stupidly addicting, but then Frostbite, all you did, you would,
you go down the screen by jumping on ice bricks, then you go up the screen, you go down the
screen, you go up the screen, it's kinda like Frogger over and over, near, far, near, far,
and you don't want to fall on the ice, is the whole thing, so, a lot of the 2600 games
are stupid simple, so I love that it's kinda like an homage to that, in fact, I strongly
believe that Pixel Schitz should be on the Flashback 5, whenever Atari puts out the Flashback
5, I think Pixel Schitz should be there, it's just me, it's just me, so, and if anyone cares,
all the sound effects were created on the Korg DS10 synthesizer software for Nintendo
DS.
Oh wow, so what, okay, Korg things make me happy, okay, I have to ask though, let's take
a step back for a minute here, okay, how did we get from Dark Sakura saying Pixel Schitz
to where we're at tonight, walk us through what happened in your mind getting from idea
to product.
Well, I was listening to the podcast in my car while I was driving back from a random
trip to Jersey, and, you know, I hear this, and all I can, and she mentions, you know,
Pixel Schitz and Dream Game, so of course I start thinking, what else am I gonna do,
I'm just driving, and I pretty much had the game concept within the minute that I thought
that.
I mean, it just popped into my head basically.
I'm glad I was inspiring.
The thing is, like, I've been wanting to learn how to use Unity, and I mean, I went through
like, you know, a simple demo of roll a ball, okay, you can roll a ball around and pick
up cubes, but I had yet to actually use Unity to create anything of actual substance.
So this was a great excuse to get started with Unity 2D, and so I threw this together,
you know, an hour here, an hour there, over the course of about two weeks, and that's
it.
And I finished it early today.
That's kind of funny, because the story behind when Bobby created Flappy Vog a few months
ago was very similar, it was kind of like, I need a project to learn Unity, so here you
go, Flappy Vog, and now we've got this, so we helped you learn all about Unity.
You did.
You guys did me a favor.
That's awesome.
So now you can make a game that maybe won't have an offensive title for some people, right?
Warrior Bob is now the best shitter in chat.
Warrior Bob just got three seventy three shits.
Now Bobby's number two.
Holy shit.
That should be the sequel.
Holy shit.
I'm going to be back in chat after this, but I need to know, is the game too easy?
Because if it is, I can certainly change that, or make a hard version.
We're beta testing this a little bit here, and Pow again asking the site for the game,
that's yyrgames.com slash p s, and you guys have to check this out, it's too damn funny.
Maybe we need power-ups, and we'll make the game harder and have power-ups for explosive
diarrhea.
Don't get crazy.
Don't get crazy.
And don't forget about the slippery piles of pee.
You guys are nasty, nasty people.
Alright, but let me ask this on a serious note.
They should have other things other than joggers, like little squirrels or dogs or something
like that.
Maybe the dogs eat the shit.
Will you knock it off with that shit?
Alright.
I like the idea of the shit-eating dog.
You guys are so stupid.
Alright, but what else-
You hang with us, what's that say about you?
What else are you working on these days, YYRE?
Because pixel shits, you're not going to make any money off this.
What-
I don't know, man.
You put this on iOS, I think you can make some money.
The thing is though, on iOS, how would you control this with the twitch precise precision
that you would need?
I mean, I guess I could be like, tap the upper part of the screen to move up, tap the lower
part of the screen to move down.
Use the-
I don't know, I guess it might work.
Accelerometer.
But would it pass Apple's certification?
Yes.
You might have to go Android.
No comment.
Alright.
As far as what else I'm working on, really the main thing I'm working on these days is,
has nothing to do with game development at all.
It's preparing my apartment because, although I know I mentioned to you guys that I was
looking for a job out there in San Francisco, it turns out my fiance felt that she had been
waiting too long, so she started looking for a job out here.
I applied to 15 or so places, and within two months of her starting to look, the New York
Public Library offered her a position, so she's actually moving here on Friday.
Wow!
Well, congrats.
Look at that!
That's amazing.
I mean, I'm bummed out to see you're not gonna end up on this coast after all, but I'm happy
for you at the end result.
That'll be great.
Well, I know we will be back to visit, so we may yet be able to play that game of Bishi
Bashi.
Awesome.
Bochi Kawa has an idea, by the way, for iOS controls.
Tap the screen to move, but yell at it to shit.
Oh my god, your voice would go dead within minutes.
SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT
SHIT!
Oh god, alright.
Maybe it's one of those things in there that's, like, intended to be a novelty where you can
use it, but it's probably not the best idea.
Alright, so why are there any easter eggs in the game we should know of?
Actually, there are absolutely none, but I will say this much.
One thing that will definitely improve your performance, if you will, if you leave a lot
of the medium-sized shits around, you know, enough for the jogger to get stuck in it for
a couple of seconds, but not enough to stop them, you can go and basically crap on the
jogger while they're stuck in the medium shit and make it big.
So you can actually, like, cover the jogger and shit in a way?
Well, I mean, the effect is the same, as if they had just run into a big one, but basically
you can cover more places with medium shits than large shits in the same amount of time,
so you could just kind of leave medium shits in places, and then as long as you can get
to it before the jogger gets free, you can add to it and then trap them.
And then you can imagine the joggers are your enemies and take a shit on them.
When somebody asks me, what have you accomplished?
And by the way, I have nothing against joggers.
When somebody asked me, when somebody asked me, Rob, what have you accomplished in 12
and a half years of Orange Lounge Radio?
I'm just going to send him this little snippet of us talking about Pixel Shits.
That's uh...
I endorse this activity.
That's right.
Well, YYR, I do have to let you go so we can move on with the show, but I do encourage
people to check out Pixel Shits.
It was, it was, it was clearly a project you did out of love.
You are truly doing the Lord's work, my friend.
Well, thank you.
I don't know which Lord exactly, but uh...
Dark Sakura.
Clearly.
Bless you, my child.
But as long as you keep mentioning ideas for dream games, I'm going to keep listening.
So uh, just be careful about what you say.
That's amazing.
All right.
We will try it.
Now, we also, we've got to be careful because we don't want to be like every week, be like,
oh, that's a dream game.
Oh, that's a dream game.
Because then that's going to jump the shark.
We, we have to make sure that our dream game ideas are carefully selected.
That's so key.
Like Pixel Shits.
All right.
Well, uh, best of luck.
By the way, I would encourage anyone else who wants to, you know, get us started programming
to also go ahead and listen to Orange Lounge Radio for dream game ideas.
Go ahead and...
Games.
You don't, oh no, we're losing you a little bit.
You don't, you don't have to clone games that are already out there.
Make our shit.
Yeah.
All right.
We can think of some real shit.
All right.
YYR, I'm going to let you go so we can get back into some news, but you are so amazing,
my friend.
Thank you so much.
Hey, I have to live up to your standards of being amazing.
I love you guys.
Oh, stop, stop.
We love you too.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Later.
Take it easy, guys.
Bye.
Bye.
Unfortunately, Skype wasn't cooperating there at the end of the call, but that's all right.
Uh, still a pleasure to hear from YYR.
That's so adorable that, uh, he's going to be moving with a fiance Friday.
That's no pressure whatsoever.
That's great.
Uh, please, uh, if you, if you do believe that we do, that Aaron is doing the Lord's
work, uh, please consider supporting his other projects that do make him money because he's
not going to make shit off of Pixel Shits.
Uh, but he will make some money off of, uh, um, just a little bit, just a little bit of
money off of like Bungee Ferret tossing and falling and Snake 360 and some of his other
projects that are available.
You can read all about all of those games at YYRgames.com.
Uh, meanwhile, have fun shitting everybody.
All right, let's get into some rapid fire news.
Uh, Loki.
Okay.
It's hard to, hard to come off of that, but let's, it's just, it's so easy to make this
transition, but okay, we're going to do it.
Okay.
Speaking of shit, uh, Nintendo's got some more amigos going to be coming out here.
Not nice.
Yellow flag, Loki.
No.
Um, yeah, they're going to be, they're showing off the second kind of wave of amigos they're
supposed to hit around February of next year.
Um, includes, uh, let's see here.
Lucario, Rosalina, and Luma.
Um, Bowser, Toon Link, Sheik, Ike, Meta Knight, and King Dedede.
And of course, uh, also, they're going to have, uh, was it Shulk, Sonic, and Mega Man
as well.
Um, those I think are supposed to, was it, they don't really have firm dates yet for
North America, but to give you an example, in Europe, um, I guess, um, everything up
to Meta Knight, Sonic, and King Dedede is supposed to be out January 23rd, and the rest
are coming out February 20th.
Um, Toon Link is, I guess, compatible with Mario Kart 8 and Hyrule Warriors, as well
as, um, Sheik is also supposed to be compatible Hyrule Warriors, and then, um, I'm not really
sure about the rest yet.
I'm assuming those will be Smash.
The only thing is, North America, you're kind of getting screwed a little bit, because if
you want to get Shulk, then you're going to have to do business with GameStop, because
once again, Nintendo's thought, hey, it's going to be a great idea, let's go ahead and
make them exclusive to GameStop.
So, thanks.
That's fantastic.
Um, let's see.
And I guess, um, what else?
I guess that's it.
Um, and of course, each of those is going to be $12.99, so, not bad.
I think it was funny that just last week, we were talking about, like, third-party amiibos.
Like, I remember this coming up, like, um, what if third parties would start making their
own amiibos, and sure enough, like, within the week, Sonic and Mega Man.
Yeah, but those are just Smash Bros. still.
It's not really a third-party thing.
Still, though, the fact that they're figurines and Smash Bros., I mean, the figurines is
another thing that had to be licensed and talked about and acquired.
I mean, it's not just like, oh, because you're in Smash Bros., we get to do all this shit
with your character.
I don't know.
Um, I was going to mention, though, I don't think we were talking about tonight, because
it wasn't really that big of a deal, but they were saying, there was, like, a little tease
I saw saying that, uh, the next, was it Zelda, uh, Majora's Mask is going to play differently
on, you know, the new 3DS, but we're not telling you how.
It's fucking amiibo support.
I'm telling you right now, that's what it is.
It's fucking amiibo support, because that shit supports near-field communication.
That's what it is.
It's not anything fantastic.
So, whatever.
Um, okay.
This is kind of cool.
I saw this, and I was like, fuck yes!
Um, Just Cause 3 announced to be coming out next year on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and
PC, and it's going to be on the cover of Game Informer, um, next month.
That is awesome.
I've been waiting a long time for Just Cause 3, and, uh, you know, Just Cause 2 is fantastic.
Hopefully we get some multiplayer in there, and hopefully it's as awesome as Just Cause,
um, I forget what they called it, um, the multiplayer mod on PC, where you can play
it to a thousand people at a time.
Sounds fucking awesome.
Um, but yeah, next year, so I'm assuming we'll see something about that during E3, and they're
telling us it's coming, but I'm still skeptical until I actually see it out, but Rockstar
are saying that Grand Theft Auto Online will be getting heists shortly after the launch
of the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions.
Uh, quoted, you know, we know you're all excited for more updates to come, and we've got some
really exciting stuff in the works, and continue adding and expanding and involving the world
of Grand Theft Auto Online, including the highly anticipated launch of Online Heist,
which will be available on all four consoles, as of the first, um, as the first Grand Theft
Auto Online update to happen after the game launches on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
I hope that's true, because it's been delayed several, several, several, several times.
So, yeah.
Alright, you need this Online Heist to happen.
Yeah, after all, it was promised for, you know, before the game even came out, so...
True.
Yeah.
Alright, well, um, speaking of Grand Theft Auto 5, um, some Black Friday deals are starting
to show up, because, you know, the crazy shopping hysteria day in America is next Friday, right?
No, not this coming Friday, but the Friday after, but it's like two weeks away, right?
Okay, so we're getting close.
Um, and, uh, yeah, if you are, uh, if you're the type that's gonna go out and wait in the
line all frickin' night and get your little redemption slip and, I don't know, pull out
weaves trying to get to, you know, the best deals in the store, then good luck.
Me?
I'm more of a Cyber Monday person.
I'll sit in my pajama bottoms with my cup of coffee and try to order stuff online.
Isn't...
Huh?
Isn't this around the time when we expect another Steam sale?
Oh, of course.
Of course.
Not ready.
Thanksgiving.
I know.
It's not...
Well, here's the good news.
It won't be the huge one.
That'll be winter.
That'll be the winter sale that takes place across, but they'll do, like, a Black Friday
sale at Cyber Monday.
They'll do something...
Cyber Monday!
Absolutely.
Black Friday deals.
PlayStation Blog revealed that there are some $399.99 bundles for PlayStation 4 that will
have some different included games.
One will have a disc-based copy of Grand Theft Auto 5 and a download voucher for The Last
of Us Remastered.
The second will have a physical copy of Lego Batman 3 Beyond Gotham and a voucher for Little
Big Planet 3.
So those are gonna be available especially for Black Friday.
So, I mean, if you think about it, two games, and those are kind of newer games, you know,
those aren't, like, years old.
It's not like you're getting Knack or something that's kind of last year's news.
Those are very recent games, so that's, like, $100 worth of games being thrown in there,
so that's how they are justifying the price there.
Pretty cool.
Also, some Black Friday discounts unveiled on PlayStation TVs and PlayStation 3s.
Amazon and GameStop both gonna be offering PlayStation TVs for $80 and PlayStation 3s
for $200.
This will be throughout the holiday season but is temporary and first come, first served.
So, wow, if you're in the market for a PlayStation TV, this might be the time to take the plunge
on one of those.
Many of you last week took the plunge on Valkyria Chronicles on Steam.
In fact, Valkyria Chronicles was released on Steam and PC and during the first 24 hours
apparently became number one, beating Assassin's Creed Unity for a short period of time.
I'm not sure how things have played out in the week since then, but obviously Valkyria
Chronicles is doing very well on PC and that's great because on PlayStation 3, I think a
lot of people missed it, so the fact that this game is getting a second chance on PC
is pretty cool and a lot of people are supporting it, so good job, y'all.
You're not gonna be able to support this, but you know what, guys?
It was probably crap.
There was a Family Guy game that was in development for the Wii and the Nintendo 3DS.
This was called Back to the Multiverse.
It was being developed by Heavy Iron Studios.
It was originally on the PC, the PlayStation, and the Xbox 360, but the Wii version was
then dropped and the 3DS version quickly after, probably just because, I mean...
Yeah, I didn't even realize it was coming out on those platforms.
Yeah, I didn't even know the game came out on other platforms and the Wii in 2012 is
already kind of, you know, yeah.
It probably was for the best.
Sorry, guys.
Dark Soccer.
It was for the best because apparently that game sucked.
What a surprise.
The other thing I was gonna mention, though, I don't know if you mentioned it, the PlayStation
TV discounts, that's effective now.
You don't even have to wait until Black Friday.
Oh shit, that's great.
It's already at Amazon and GameStop.
I think it's already at those prices.
Well, we have some different Nintendo news.
Actually, a little bit of a report about the Zelda Wii U version.
Aonuma says that it's actually even better than before the previous announcement.
It looks a lot better, a lot prettier, and they said there's gonna be a lot more coming
up for the next E3.
So that's pretty good.
I know a lot of people have been excited about it.
And then Captain Toad Treasure Tracker almost had Link in it.
Actually, when they did the demo of the game, they needed to use a character that wasn't
in the Mario franchise because it was trying to do a non-jumping character.
So they used Link, and Miyamoto thought they were actually gonna have it as a Link game,
so that, of course, didn't happen that way.
And then, last but not least, we do have some news about Super Smash Bros.
It is the Wii U's most pre-ordered game to date.
Lots of people wants it, and I know that the handheld one was super awesome,
so I can only imagine what the console version is like.
So there you go.
Actually, it's supposed to be out on November 21st in North America and the 28th in Europe.
So, there you go.
I'm looking forward to that.
I think we're gonna be talking about that game a little bit on next week's show.
Call it a hunch.
But I think that game's gonna come up a little bit.
All right, let's get to the FOOGLE Question of the Week.
You take Facebook and Google+, and you throw those words in a blender, and you get FOOGLE.
And it's where we ask our two social communities at Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio
and Google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
We ask them a question, and we say, hey, you should answer this so we can get your feedback on the air.
This week, we decided to ask about Amiibo, because, you know, Amiibo was kind of a mystery for a while.
We didn't know a whole lot about it.
We figured it was Nintendo's ripoff of Skylanders,
but now that we know the full picture on what Amiibo is really all about,
we want to check in with listeners and say, you know, are you into it?
Do you just want the figures?
What's your stance on Amiibo?
Have you pre-ordered, or are you saying no way?
So let's check in.
We'll go over to Google first, and ActDeft says,
at first, I was skeptical on whether these were a good idea or not,
but after the two latest Nintendo Directs, I got sold on them.
I have two reserved.
One is Yoshi.
I'll let you guess on who's the other one.
And if you don't know ActDeft,
I'm just going to tell you his avatar is a little stuffed Kirby,
so just, you know, take that for what it is.
Redertainment says, remember our discussion from a couple weeks ago
about buying in-game content for supposedly free games?
I feel Amiibos are similarly unnecessary to enhance the gaming experience,
but feel peer pressure will press on gamers to buy the Amiibos.
Also, my iPad corrects Amiibos to Amigos.
Well, it hasn't learned the word Amiibos yet,
because remember, now the iOS is going to learn what you like to say.
Let's check out on Facebook.
Critical Myth says, I'm still not sure what the Amiibo thing is supposed to really do.
At least Skylanders and Disney Infinity have a clear use for the figures,
even if it's total cash grab.
This just has the cash grab feel to it.
Well, Critical Myth, you're probably not alone in that,
and I think part of the problem is that, you know, Skylanders is one game.
Well, I take that it's more than one game,
but it's one series where essentially all those figures do the same thing in those games.
Amiibos vary from game to game to game,
so I think that's what's causing people to not really get it.
Like, it is one thing in Smash Brothers, but then like in Mario Kart,
it gives you a suit for your racer.
Whoopee! You know what I mean?
Stupid.
Yeah, so I think in some games the value is much more than others.
But here's the thing, it's like, and that's why I understand with that,
it's like, it's almost like that shit was going to be free anyways,
but now it's tied to this figure that they want you to buy.
Right.
Well, but at the end of the day too, they're just outfits.
You know, my, well, I'll get to how I feel about this when we get here for some more listeners here.
Cial supplies and says,
Not sure what they're supposed to be used for and why.
Depending on their purpose and build quality, I might be talked into getting one or two.
Sounds like Nintendo might need to get some more info out there besides just those directs,
or maybe, you know, not force people to watch the entire direct to understand what Amiibos are all about.
Dark Charger says,
As a lifelong Nintendo fan, I'm picking up some figures primarily for their looks and for collecting.
The added functionality is pretty much just a small bonus.
Erica M. replied and said,
I think they're so cute. Can't wait to get some.
Dark Tetsuya said,
I'll likely try to pick one or two when I get Smash Brothers this week,
even though there doesn't seem to be much to do with them outside of Smash yet.
One idea I had was saving your character parts, cart config, and Mario Kart 8 to the figure
so you wouldn't have to remember what exact parts you use in-game at a friend's house,
like the Wii-motes used to do for the regular Wii.
They still do that.
They still do that. It's just very few games use it, right?
Yeah.
Like saving your info to the controller.
Tom S. replied and said,
I'm going to collect all the Zelda-related Amiibos because I am a junkie for anything Zelda-related.
Brad B. says,
This is a slippery slope. I'd better steer clear of them totally.
I made the mistake of starting with the Marvel Disney Infinity figures
and Stitch, who snuck into my cart at checkout,
and those suckers are like crack for a completionist like me.
It's true. If you are the type that has to have everything, be careful.
Renji2214 says,
I'm thinking about picking some of them up after the release
because I think for the price the figures look pretty decent along with being able to be used in Smash.
Winston H. replied and said,
Personally, I don't really care for the Amiibo.
I don't see any real reason to purchase something like this unless you're a big collector
or you like your Skylander-like products.
Ragenator says,
I suppose they're neat if you're into gaming-themed paraphernalia,
be it the Amiibos, the old-school Nintendo comics, or whatever,
but I don't think the Amiibos are a must-have.
Surping Slurpee replies and says,
What the fuck is an Amiibo? They're for Nintendo? Who cares?
I haven't played a Nintendo console since N64 was still relevant.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've got a hater.
Sound the hater alarms. We've got a hater.
I'm just teasing.
I am very angry and I'm going to post on the internet.
No, I'm making fun.
You know what? You're not the only one, actually,
so there's other people out there that feel similarly.
But by not at least trying some of the GameCube stuff,
there was some really sweet games on GameCube.
I mean, if you've been on loop since N64, at least visit the GameCube.
At least visit that.
Crylo responds and says,
Going off the pictures I've seen here and there, I think they look beautiful.
As for collecting them, I only plan on buying the ones I like.
Lastly, Hitstun says,
Sure, I'll buy one so I can try some Amiibo stuff.
I'll have to do the research to find which Amiibos are compatible with the most games.
There's the answers from Facebook and Google+.
You know what's interesting? Not a single person who said,
I'm getting them all.
I would have thought there was at least one Uber Nintendo fanboy who said,
I'm getting them all.
Got to catch them all.
But anyway, as I was going to tell Loki a minute ago,
I think I felt similar to the people who said,
I want to just get them because they're cute little figures,
and the fact that they tie into some games is like a little bonus.
And I think that's kind of my stance on it,
is that I want the Samus figure,
and I'll probably have to get that Mega Man figure for sure,
and there'll be some other figures here and there where it's like,
I just want the figure because it looks cute.
Pretty much the only reason I could see wanting one of those is just the figure,
but really so far they haven't really given us a reason that we need to have these.
It's not like Skylanders and Disney Infinity, like I said,
where it seems to be necessary to play with those.
But at the same time, I don't want Nintendo going down that path either.
I actually kind of like that Nintendo kind of turns the Amiibo into,
oh, it unlocks a skin here, a weapon here, like it's little things.
Or it's like, okay, it's a little enhancement, but it's still something.
But they even haven't really discussed too much about training your character in Smash Bros.
or what exactly that does.
I mean, it's just kind of, it's like, ooh, it's a figure,
but it kind of does some other things too.
I mean, that's really all it is.
I would like to see more of, and what I think would be really cool is
if the Amiibos really function between all the different games.
I'd like to see more about how will it work between games.
Like, if I make progression in Smash Bros., can I use my Amiibo in another game,
and it rewards me for what I've done in Smash Bros. with that Amiibo?
I think that it would be a really, okay,
Nintendo's lacking a trophy or achievement system or thing like that right now.
The Amiibos might be a neat way to explore that a little bit.
I'd be down if they did something like that.
I just don't think they're going to do something like that.
I think they're going to talk in a big, like they did with the whole,
oh, you can put your Miis on the Wii remote and bring them with you type thing.
They're going to talk it up big, and then they're not going to do anything with it.
Or like, you know, how they had this really cool functionality with MP3s and stuff
being able to be played on the Wii for Excite, you know, Excite Truck,
and then, oh, fuck it, we're just going to totally forget about it,
except for, you know, the one Undersea game we had.
You know, it's just, I don't know.
They come up with these cool ideas, and then they never do anything with them.
Pao in chat says at live.vognetware.com,
Pao says, if Amiibo unlocked a big part of the game, gamers will rage on the internet.
That's absolutely true.
Fifth Dream says, like, you can't catch them all unless you buy an Amigo.
Fuck that.
That's true.
Jonas, haven't checked in with you in a little while.
You play a lot of the Wii U stuff, and a lot of it is very popular on the anime circuit.
How do you think Amiibos might change things up a little bit?
Do you see people bringing their Amiibos to anime conventions to be like,
oh, I've got to play my villager in Animal Crossing?
It might be possible, but again, I'm not really sure how Amiibos will work on the anime conventions.
We'll allow it and see how it works.
For my own personal benefit, it's more like, see, so far it's just collectors.
I don't know what Nintendo's going to do in terms of support, like everyone's saying.
Let's say if, or, let's say if I buy a Mario.
A Mario will work for every game, like Mario Kart, Mario, Mario 3D World, and all the other games and stuff.
Or if I wanted to use it for, like, even a Zelda game, just for shits and giggles.
It's gonna, they're gonna put out a ton of Pokemon Amiibos, and they're gonna have a fucking carrying case.
I guarantee it.
I don't-
That looks like a fucking Pokeball.
I actually, I don't see Nintendo putting out 151 Pokemon Amiibos, though.
That seems like too much.
That's overkill.
They're not gonna put out, they may not put them out, all of them, but they're gonna put out a ton of them.
And I guarantee you that's gonna be one of the things, like, look, you can train your own, it's like having your own Pokemon.
You train them, and then you bring them to battle, boom, put it down, and just...
Yeah, I could see it going that way, too.
What I'm also maybe concerned with, just forgetting development's perspective.
What if they do, like, an on-disc DLC, quote, unquote.
Ooh, you can either pay four bucks for that thing, or just use your Amiibo to get it for free, kind of thing.
I don't see Nintendo going down that path, because Nintendo is not the $4 DLC type of company.
You know, we mentioned that earlier in the show, is that a lot of the DLC that Nintendo has done so far,
I mean, anything can happen, but a lot of the DLC Nintendo has done so far has been very rich in what it's doing.
And I'm okay that these Amiibos just do little things in the game.
Like, you know, okay, I get a custom suit for my racer in Mario Kart.
That's not a big deal.
You know, that's a fine little, like, okay, little enhancement.
I mean, is that on-disc DLC?
Sort of. I think it was patched in, technically, but it's so minor in the big scope of things.
And I do like that the one figure will work in several games.
That is kind of neat. That's something that Skylanders and Disney Infinity don't necessarily have.
I mean, they do work in several games in the same series,
but even Skylander finds ways to make you buy new shit for the same series every year.
Like, you know, oh, this year they're going to swap.
The top halves and the bottom halves are switchable.
Or, you know, what is it this year? The trap team or something?
You have these stupid trap crystals that you can trap enemies in and play as the enemies.
Yeah. Little much, little much.
All right, so there you go. Thank you guys for your feedback there.
And be very curious in a couple weeks to check in and see how much you guys have used them.
Or if they're just sitting on your shelf looking pretty, which I suppose is okay,
because they are figurines. They're meant to do that.
In the meantime, let's get back into some other gaming news.
We will be taking your calls here in a little while at 1877 Game O-L-R
or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio. But first, Loki.
So this is kind of cool. Even though the official Nintendo Magazine has shut down,
Nintendo UK has gone ahead and put out a digital magazine called Nintendo Extra.
And so now you can, you know, check that out to find out all the latest Nintendo information.
It's pretty much just an advertisement piece, but it's still kind of neat, though,
that they're doing some sort of an official magazine type thing. I don't know.
But yeah, I guess you can check it out now. Let's see, nintendo.co.uk slash miscellaneous.
That's Nintendo Extra. I'm sure they've got a link on the front page, though, for it.
All right. Is that something I could actually look at on my Wii U tablet or something?
That would make sense.
Probably. It's just an HTML page. I mean, they've got some of the things that are in Nintendo Extra issue one.
Stuff about Smash Brothers. It looks like a big ol' advertisement.
So they have a how to play, you know, Mario Kart or, you know, Adventures in Walleye Tumble Temple, Captain Toad comic.
You know, I don't know. It's just a big advertisement.
All right. Well, get your tinfoil hats ready, everybody, because here's a big one.
And I feel like this kind of comes up. Like, every year we get a rumor on this, but it is gaining steam yet again,
as some folks have noticed that there is a trademark that you can actually view for yourself on the USPTO.gov website.
You can look this up. It is a trademark for Microsoft for what? Battle Toads.
Battle Toads has been trademarked by Microsoft.
Now, see, here's the thing, though, is I kind of feel like, well, this could just be them protecting their property
and renewing the trademark because maybe they want to do something someday.
It doesn't mean that they're doing something now, right this minute, but they don't want somebody else coming in
and doing a Battle Toads game just because they let it lapse.
By the way, if you forgot, Battle Toads was a NES game and I believe had a Game Boy version as well.
An NES version.
An arcade.
An arcade.
They had many variants, like, for the Sega Genesis.
And Super Nintendo.
Oh, that's right.
Which is the easier version of the NES version.
Which was all Rare that did that, but then Rare was, of course, picked up by Microsoft several years ago,
which is why you have Killer Instinct on Xbox One and so on.
But I don't know if they could file a trademark for something that they're not going to use
because you have to show that you're using that trademark in order to be able to register the trademark.
That's hard to say because I remember this was an issue with, quote, Killer Instinct at the time.
I just know that because I looked in the registering trademarks, so...
So, in order... Yeah, you have to show that you're using the trademark in order to actually register said trademark.
I don't...
As far as I understand.
I don't see why they wouldn't try doing something like this,
but that doesn't mean it's going to necessarily be the game you expect either.
I mean, this could be like a kid-friendly property for all we know.
Fuck no.
Well, hell no. Hell no.
It can be kid-friendly, but it better beat the shit out of you when you play it.
Because it's got to be hard.
I don't know. Again, I am literally pulling this out of my ass.
Nobody knows anything on this.
This is all just fanfic based on the trademark, literally.
So...
But the potential, or the possibilities and the potential here is pretty exciting, if nothing else.
As long as the game is hard as shit and you have the queen as the final boss, okay, cool.
Yeah, that's true. A lot of people really attach to the characters.
You know, the original NES version had those cinematics that were, at the time, were pretty epic.
I don't know, but it's also been a good 20 years since then.
I like Super Battletoads. That was pretty awesome.
Yeah, Super Battletoads is cool.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, we have some stuff.
Now, this one is, I would say, a near and dear one for us anyway.
We've been big supporters of GamerX, right?
Right. And, well, this has been associated with GamerX, I would probably say, pretty tightly.
So...
Technically, it's the same company.
Midboss puts on GamerX and this is like their first game, which is basically MatCon and Air Brainchild.
Yeah, well, that was good too.
And his people. It's not just him, but his people.
Well, anyway, the playable demo of Read Only Memories is out.
And you can get it online. It's for Windows, Linux, and OS X.
And, basically, they want you to try it out and tweet back to atrom2064 and let them know what you think.
There's a pre-order available on Humble Bundle and the Ouya store, because there will also be an Ouya version.
Although, there's not a demo for the Ouya yet.
You can get your copy at Mega Limited.
I'm trying to get the direct address, but I don't have it there.
But we'll have to get it for you guys and put it somewhere for you guys to play the demo.
Or just Google it. You can find it there. Look up their Twitter.
Do the Google thing.
All over.
So, yeah, pretty cool. I'm excited, because, yay.
Yeah, it's inspired. If you didn't know, the game is inspired by Snatcher pretty heavily.
And some of those more cinematic games from the past.
It's a total cyberpunk game.
Don't download this expecting next-gen graphics, because that's not what you're going to get.
But this is more a story-driven type of game.
Think Sega CD.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll have to check that out. I didn't get a chance to do that this week, but maybe I will do that soon.
Alright, let's move on. Loki.
Alright.
So this is interesting. I don't know.
Kind of since we were talking a little bit about, you know, Microsoft maybe bringing back old properties.
But Killer Instinct apparently was originally supposed to be for Xbox 360.
They even had like a Killer Instinct prototype build that was being shown off.
And they have some footage now online for it.
I guess I'm not surprised and actually didn't look that bad.
Although they do have some placeholder things.
Like I guess Chief Thunder kind of looks like this weird silvery humanoid thing instead of Chief Thunder.
But pretty cool.
And yeah, you can check it out on YouTube. They've got some footage of it.
Killer Instinct prototype for Xbox 360.
Yeah, you have to wonder if maybe at one point this could have been something we saw on the 360.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. It makes sense that they put it on Xbox One to kind of bolster up the lineup that they had coming out at launch.
Makes sense.
Alright. Let's see. Moving on to this. This is a game.
It seems like between Battletoads and Killer Instinct.
We've got a little segment here made up of retro games that people love.
And I know a lot of people have a lot of love in their hearts for Earthbound.
Or Mother, if you will. That series over in Japan which we knew as Earthbound.
Well, did you know? I didn't know this.
The game was apparently number 10 on the Wii U eShop charts last week.
Higher than Zelda, A Link to the Past, Shovel Knight, and Super Mario Brothers.
So I mean Earthbound is still performing. I mean this game that's years and years old still performing well today.
Which is funny because it didn't perform so well when it was out in the States the first time.
But that's neither here nor there.
Apparently, Fangamer had an upcoming documentary, CD book, and E-zine project on this.
And it's doing very well. It's collecting over $200,000 with six days of its Kickstarter campaign left.
So with the money, Fangamer is going to throw an Earthbound or Mother convention next summer.
That's right. An Earthbound...
Gonna pack up the tea bag or gear and head to the Earthbound convention, Jonas?
Well, here's the thing. It is intentionally going to be a small event. Only about 450 attendees.
300 of the tickets will be made available to backers first.
And the rest of the 150 they're hoping won't sell out instantly.
But they probably will. Let's be real.
Where's this location supposed to be?
I haven't seen it. I'm actually going to look here at the Kickstarter page to see where it's at.
The convention was their stretch goal for $200,000.
Oh, here it is. Tucson, Arizona at the Hilton Tucson East.
You could drive it. That's a bitch of a drive. But you could do it.
It's about a 10-11 hour drive to get to Tucson.
Not bad.
Think about it. I'm volunteering Jonas' service. No, I'm just kidding. I'm kidding.
But that would be fun. That would be fun.
The main event, the Earthbound Bash. Two days of playing a 20-year-old RPG for charity.
Oh, that's cool. They're doing it all for charity. Ticket price is $50.
They're also going to have retro gaming rooms.
Somebody's doing it, Jonas.
Live music performances, panels, and more. That's really cool.
I mean, even though it's going to be a small to-do, that's really cool for fans of Earthbound.
Tucson, Arizona. That is an interesting place.
When is the date supposedly?
When is it? July 18th and 19th, 2015. Saturday and Sunday and a possible pre-party on Friday night.
Summer convention in Tucson, Arizona.
You will not be going outdoors during this time. I can guarantee you that. That is for damn sure.
That sounds like fun.
Would you go to an Earthbound convention, Dark Sakura? Would you consider that?
I might.
That might be fun.
Let's see. If you need some special speakers, I know some people that have an affinity for Earthbound.
I hear Bose makes good speakers.
Alright, well Dark Sakura's going to do some speaking right now as she dives into the email bag.
It's all sticky.
Every week you guys email us.
Participate at Orangelauntrader.com.
If you want to participate with the show again, that's participate at Orangelauntrader.com.
Well, I just got freaking logged out again, so whatever.
It just keeps happening over and over. I'm sick of this.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
I'm going to be replacing my iPad soon.
Weren't you thinking about getting mine?
No, I'm actually getting a MacBook Pro in two weeks.
Oh, lucky you. That'll be fun. That'll be a lot of fun.
Alright, well Dark Sakura's getting logged in there and you can send your emails if you want.
Participate at Orangelauntrader.com.
Remember, if you're a podcast listener, which thank you for checking out the show.
I know you can't be in the live chat room and participate that way, but you can always email us.
You can also tweet us. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And you know what? We even read random messages sent to us on Facebook. We do.
We don't always respond to every one of them, but we read them.
Alright, well are we ready for the first of the mails?
Alright, we are. There's more than one email tonight?
There are two.
Oh, and I looked earlier. There's just one. Alright.
Hey guys and gals. IngramAV98 here.
Once again, I keep putting off emailing and as a podcast listener, I don't get to enjoy the musical gifts.
But you'd be still on us when there are no emails to read.
As I listen, you're threatening the Star Wars music, so now this is the get out of jail free card?
I was listening to another podcast and someone mentioned the subject of growing up.
Now the hosts of kids are married or whatever and their gaming diets and habits have changed somewhat.
It made me think how I have changed and what I look for when gaming.
This of course led me to think about the future as I've never thought about stopping my gaming hobby.
When I start a family, I hope to share this with my children and currently I share it with my girlfriend as she has a casual interest.
I like to think that even when I hit retirement, I'll still be gaming, still schooling the kids on Halo 30 Super Gold Turbo Anniversary Edition on my YBox 1080.
Gaming for a much older generation is not something anybody really talks about, but it is something we will probably face at some point.
Sensibilities and priorities will change, but hopefully not our desire to explore, compete, or socialize, which is essentially the basic motivations behind gaming.
Back in the UK, I know some care homes for the elderly introduced the Wii because of the motion controls and how it encourages more physical activity.
In Japan, the DS XL was popular among pensioners as a way to keep the mind active.
Have any of you thought about your gaming in the future? How huge will Jamie's gaming thought get in 20-30 years?
Will Loki have retired because his game and its sequels are raking in the cash?
And will Rob have started even more podcasts?
We spend a lot of time thinking about where gaming is moving to in terms of an industry, but us gamers shape that in many ways.
We don't really look at ourselves in that future. More importantly, will we still be able to listen to the show in 30 years, or will we have sold the movie rights to an aging Michael Bay for a blockbuster origin story?
It's always great to hear you all in the community every week, so thanks for everything. And that's IngramAV98 from Dusseldorf.
Rob Roberts stars in Don't Fuck With Me, Ferret.
Well, I will go ahead and speak about the vault that Dan and I have actually talked about downsizing it, and then we actually had decent room for the vault, so now we're talking about rebuilding it.
We're actually talking about how we can get every single video game system we own hooked up at the same time on Switch boxes.
And if they will fit on those weird cube-shaped IKEA shelves.
So when our emailer asks about where are you going to be with gaming in 30 years, I mean, it's kind of like gaming is in your blood at this point.
Whereas maybe you may not have as much as the physical shit, like if life causes you to have to downsize things or whatever, that's one thing, but there's always going to be that part of you that has an appreciation for games, right?
I mean, that's kind of like what you and Dan sometimes bond over. I know Alan and I do.
Well, we were long-distance dating. We played World of Warcraft a lot.
Yeah, well, you know, when Dan and I first met each other online, our big bonding point was bad fanfiction.
And we had our mutual love of anime. It was right when anime started to go kind of mainstream.
And we would watch episodes of Ranma together on the VCR next to the computer.
And Dragon Ball Z fan subs were the big thing, especially the Hekto fan subs. You old-school people should know this.
But we also would talk about video games and whatnot. And when I moved out here, the first thing I unpacked was my Super Nintendo.
And Dan was like, I'm in love, at least as far as my translation of it went.
So, you know, that brought us together and we've been playing, we keep playing.
We haven't really gotten many of the new, new things, but we're probably still going to keep playing together.
At least our old games are still going to get some love.
I think it's pretty impressive how fast technology progresses.
So when you talk about gaming in 20 to 30 years, there's a few factors at play.
I mean, like, if you go back 20 years, you're what? The 1990s?
And I imagine most of our listeners are old enough where they remember the 1990s.
You may have been a child during the 1990s, but you probably have some memories of the 90s.
Such as when cell phones were the size of your face.
Or they were just car phones because they were on a big brick that was in your car.
And now cell phones are stronger than like 50 of the computers from 20 years ago in the palm of your hand.
I mean, that's how much technology has progressed in 20 years.
So in 20 more years, think about that.
You're going to have 20 times the power of the desktop computers in the palm of your hand.
You know what I mean? Like, it's just, it's going to, the technology is going to keep progressing so rapidly.
Like, who knows? And we always kind of joke here at OLR.
Gaming always gets one step closer to the holodeck.
But I kind of believe that. Like, I think there's a distinct possibility in 20 to 30 years.
I mean, it may not be the way we imagine it on like sci-fi TV and stuff on like Star Trek.
But I sort of think gaming is moving closer and closer to those sorts of experiences.
I mean, look at the Oculus Rift.
Look at a Luma Room and things like that.
I mean, think about how much that's going to progress in just like 20 years.
SSJ 100 Matt said, gaming 30 years from now, we'll still be waiting for Half-Life 3.
And then Fifth Dream says, I remember the 70s firsthand.
And all I had to say in response is this, I had an 8-track player.
I could repair said 8-track player when I was three years old.
So I could listen to my Muppets 8-track.
See, I was born in 78, so I can't really say that I remember the 70s.
But I sure remember the 80s.
Baby.
I sure remember the 80s.
Let's see, Bobby Blackwell says, there's more computing power in your iPhone than there was on the space shuttle.
So, so all that aside, I really do believe that gaming is getting one step closer to the holodeck.
Let me give you an example of that it might not be what you think it is today.
Speaking of remembering the 80s, big cartoon that they played a lot in the 80s, and they probably played a lot in the 60s and 70s, was the Jetsons.
And one of the big things in the Jetsons was video phone calls.
And remember, that was the wave of the future.
And I remember reading about that in computing magazines in the 1980s.
It was video phone calls.
Someday you're going to be able to call people and you're going to see what they look like.
You pick up your phone, you dial somebody, and you're going to see the video projected on the wall.
Well, we have that.
We have video calling in the palm of your hand.
And no one cares.
FaceTime.
Skype.
Well, some, we find, it's interesting.
Now that it's there, it's not as commonplace as maybe we thought it was on the Jetsons.
Computers on your wrist.
Yeah.
It's, it's, right?
Like, I find that people, instead of doing voice or video calls, what do they want to do?
They want a text message.
That ended up being, like, I don't, I don't need to be seen right now.
I'll just text message.
That seems to be the thing that most people opt for.
However, look, you can't deny that FaceTime and Skype and all that stuff has its uses.
Such as showing off a baby to a relative on the other coast.
Or a deaf person being able to communicate, you know, more with, with folks over telephone technology.
And so on, you know?
Well, we even, now, again, I really don't talk about where I work.
But, I mean, we have it incorporated now with the technology where there are voice and guided recognition for the blind to use the devices.
Yeah.
You know?
And then, conversely, we, there's also increased image improvement, you know, contrast change.
Different ways to make it easier for people who have poor vision or might be losing their vision.
So, it's got graduated steps.
And I think that we're going to see a lot more games come out down the line that are going to be more accessible for other people.
Yeah.
YYR in chat says smartphones really have changed everything.
OLR didn't mention a new big game launch this week, Candy Crush Soda Saga.
Who cares?
Well, there's a good reason for that, YYR.
But I know you understand.
Let's see.
So, that's, yeah, wow.
It's so, so interesting.
Tigerclass says, do you think people will look back and remember the zeros or the nots or, you know, the first decade of the 2000s?
Absolutely.
20 years.
What has to happen when the teenagers turn 30?
That's when, that's why 90s retro stuff is so big right now.
The Backstreet Boys are on tour.
The Spice Girls are on a reunion tour.
Because the 90s are hilarious again.
And that will happen in the next decade.
The first decade of the 21st century will be hilarious again.
So, yes, it will absolutely come back.
They always come in 20-year cycles.
Always.
It's like the boomerang.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, there's so much more we could say on this.
In the interest of time, I'm gonna move on.
But just the idea that our, the people that are grandparents today didn't necessarily grow up on games.
Maybe some did.
Maybe some, I mean, you're seeing it more and more the way we did.
So, I think when we're older, I think you're gonna see that there is gaming that is catered to a senior generation that grew up with it.
When I'm 60, 70 years old, you bet your ass I'm gonna want to be catered to.
We'll have our new version of Pixel Shits.
It'll be called the Geritol Edition.
That'll be called the Don't Shit while you're playing.
That'll be called the Pixel Shits, you know, sponsored by Depends.
So, we have one more email.
And it's from Warrior Bob.
Hi, Warrior Bob. I miss you.
It is actually, it's called Haiku Fan Mail for episode 575.
Oh, my God. How did we miss that?
That it's, this is the Haiku episode 575.
Warrior Bob, this is another thing we do a lot carefully.
We do the Dream Games carefully and these are very carefully selected as well.
Warrior Bob Gold Star email for that alone for reminding us that this is a Haiku episode of OLR.
Thank you, Warrior Bob.
And I would love if you would go back and repost this on our forums because that would be awesome.
Or someone should.
Alright, so, aw, thank you. I miss you.
Well, I mean, I would have said that, but thank you for missing me, too.
Anyway, congratulations.
575, that is quite a lot.
In honor of that, I thought I'd send an email written in Haiku.
Oh, well, I guess since there aren't any nature words, it's a Senryu.
Hold on a second. Fuck, not how many syllables are in a Senryu.
Moving on, that is a shitload of shows.
For some perspective, when you first started, arcades still existed, but the iPhone did not.
Some video games are marketed to children younger than this show.
Why do you do that?
The episode list on the OLR Wiki is like 10 feet long.
500 more shows, you'll have more shows than miles walked by the Proclaimers.
Pretty freaking good for a show named after the Mobomoga guy.
Anyway, you rock, thanks, and keep up the great work.
Reject false icons, Warrior Bob.
That was an amazing email, thank you.
You're my hero now.
I know, that was so cool.
You get, like, a double gold star. You get the double plus good gold star.
I can't believe that I could have done a Fugu question of the week around the Haiku thing.
You know I love me some Haikus. Oh, man.
Haiku singular and plural. Watch your grammar.
You who read the Japanese games of the week.
Oh, shush.
Some important follow-up notes here from the chat, by the way.
Some things that, you know, we had screwed up a minute ago.
Okay, some folks pointing out the Earthbound convention being in Tucson, Arizona.
There's a joke there.
Tucson was one of the towns in Earthbound.
So they are having the convention in Tucson.
To which I say, well played.
I see what you did there.
I can't believe I didn't think of that. I give that credit to Fifth Dream for that.
SSJ100 Matt said the N-Gage existed when the show started.
Oh, God.
And you know what? We had two.
Now they're gone.
The N-Gage was just coming out, I think.
It was the taco phone.
I remember going to the E3. They had, like, Civilization on the N-Gage and I was crying.
Why would you buy a phone that you can play games on? That's ridiculous.
I remember going to that E3 and busting out my N-Gage.
And the guy running the poor chirpy, you know, and I mean chirpy as in crickets chirping,
no one over there N-Gage area said, oh my God, someone has one.
And then they sold it after E3.
So, yeah.
Fifth Dream says talking in Haiku is pretty easy to do. I make it rhyme, too.
YYR says real sweet episode. Hi, Orange Lounge Radio. What is a Haiku?
All right. All right. That's going to do it for e-mails.
I got to play this because Bobby had sent this to me saying the link is pod safe.
It's the AT&T ads from the 90s that predicted everything.
So going back to the e-mail before a little bit, check this out.
Have you ever borrowed a book from thousands of miles away?
Across the country.
Without stopping for directions.
Or sent someone a fax.
From the beach?
You will.
And the company that will bring it to you, AT&T.
And there's like seven of these all together. I'm not going to play them all.
But that commercial, by the way, from 1993.
And you're looking at that stuff going, wow, that's just GPS they just showed there.
And that wasn't a thing that we had in 93, but we do now.
The borrowing the book from a thousand miles away.
I mean e-books is certainly a thing.
Technically you can borrow from libraries.
Oh, and the Prime. The Amazon Prime has that whole loaning the books out.
And Google Book has a lot of the old public domain books in there, right?
So you can kind of do that.
And then doing the fax from the beach.
It could be a fax per se, but you kind of have something that nobody faxes anymore.
No, you'd be surprised.
It's a PDF.
Doctor's office says fax a lot.
There's tons of people that still fax. I don't know why.
But there's an app for that.
So yes, you can do it from your iPad while sitting on the beach with Wi-Fi. That's amazing.
And I guess AT&T did some of it.
That's, wow.
So look at the commercials today predicting the future.
Because that's where we'll be in 20 years, but maybe a little differently.
Maybe a little differently.
Or it may not have the reception you think it was. Like the video calling.
That was supposed to be the norm.
You video call everybody, but that's not really the way it works.
Anyway, good stuff.
Thank you for the e-mail bag.
If you want to send us a mail for a later week, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
It's time to get angry with the segment we do every week here called the FUs of the Week.
And in 30 years, there will still be angst.
The house is in really great condition, but the previous tenants had this thing for sticking sticky hooks on the wall.
And I mean, they're fucking everywhere.
I found sticky hooks where I didn't think sticky hooks should go.
They're just everywhere. I can't.
And the sticky hooks are stuck and they pulled the paint with them.
And I hate them. I hate them, Rob. I hate them.
So you'll fix it. Don't worry. Fix it, Jamie. You'll fix it.
Or fix it, Dan.
Sticky hooks.
FU sticky hooks.
Uh, Loki.
Uh, it's FU that, you know, gets into it.
Aw, sorry to hear that. I hope they feel better.
All right, now reminding Jonas that it is almost midnight on the East Coast.
Your FUs of the Week, sir.
FUs to bad drivers for causing me traffic from going,
just going to pull something downtown, it should only take me like 20 minutes,
because there's three accidents.
It took me an hour and 30 minutes to get to my destination,
so fuck you bad drivers for causing a lot of this ruckus.
Fuck you to Carl's Jr. for taking 40 minutes just to get a meal done.
40 minutes for a frickin' meal?
Yeah.
Oh no. Hell no.
Well, I'll keep my FUs short, so I'll just leave it at that for now.
All right. I don't really have a serious FU of the Week,
so I'll just give a tongue-in-cheek FU this week.
I'm gonna say an FU to the Resistance, an Ingress,
because, yeah, yeah, if you're a Smurf, I'm talking to you.
You know it.
Because we had all these beautiful enlightened fields.
This level 14 player was in our neighborhood, and we helped.
I gave him some gear, and he set up all these beautiful fields
in the neighborhood of enlightenment everywhere.
And, you know, one of these Smurfs came by today and knocked it all down,
so FU. FU to how addicting that game is, that's Ingress on the iPhone.
I'm having a lot of fun playing it, and it gets me out and about.
So I say that very tongue-in-cheek.
I know there's some of you that play Resistance out there that listen,
but a fish shake in your direction.
All right. Let's move on with a few more stories for you guys,
and then we'll get to the calls.
So 1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype,
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
Loki.
All right.
So there's some more updates regarding Tales from the Borderlands,
which is Telltale Games' take on the Borderlands series,
and apparently they give a little context to what the game's gonna be about.
I guess it revolves around two characters, Rise,
which is kind of this, like, Handsome Jack wannabe.
Kind of looks like Handsome Jack, but obviously it's not Handsome Jack.
And Fiona, who's some sort of con artist.
And looks like it takes place after Borderlands 2,
so it's not gonna be kind of a prequel-type thing.
It looks pretty cool, just based off of, you know, what they were showing.
I guess Zero Sum's gonna be the first episode,
and I'm not seeing when that's supposed to be slated.
I guess maybe before the end of this, before the year's up.
They're saying $20 for the season, $5 per episode's gonna be on PlayStation 3,
PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and PC and Mac.
I guess PC and Mac's gonna be a little bit more expensive,
$25 for the season.
Oh, looks cool.
Nolan North and Troy Baker in there.
So I'm down.
Nice. Very cool.
All right, and one more story I have for you guys on a good charity drive,
and this is one, like, if you've been on the internet in the past couple years
in gaming culture, you've probably heard of this one.
Desert Bus for Hope. That's right.
You can visit their site, desertbus.org, and if you weren't aware,
the eighth Desert Bus for Hope charity drive is underway right now.
And the folks at Loading Ready Run, they actually sit down
and they play Desert Bus for a long time.
And if you've never heard of Desert Bus, this is an infamous game.
It was from a Penn & Teller collection that was on the CDI? Question mark?
It was Sega CD.
Was Sega CD? Oh, shit.
But it was one of those CD platforms.
And Desert Bus, what you did, you drive a bus from Las Vegas to Tucson.
They're going to the Earthbound Convention.
You're driving a bus from Las Vegas to Tucson in real time.
So it's an eight-hour drive, and you drive the whole drive,
and you get one point if you correctly do it.
That's it. It's just a long stretch of desert road, and that's it.
Of course, the bus kind of veers slightly to the right.
Yeah, so you have to correct every once in a while,
or you'll drive off the road and kill everybody on the bus in a big fire, I guess.
So there you go.
Well, no, if I remember correctly, if you crash, you have to wait for a tow truck,
and then you wait to get towed back.
So it's even worse if you crash.
Don't crash.
So if you want to check out people playing the game and see if they're going to crash or not,
and donate money to a good cause, the Child's Play charity,
you can check that out again, desertbus.org.
That's pretty cool. Good luck to those guys that are suffering through that game.
But you know what?
With all the shenanigans that go on with that
and all the people on the Internet that are having fun with it,
is there really that much torture?
No, that's how they can do it every year.
So good times, good times.
Congrats to all you guys doing a good thing there.
All right, that does it for the news right now.
We are going to open up Skype line.
It is time, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio,
if you want to give us a call.
I'm only going to keep this open for a little bit
since we are already to midnight on the East Coast.
So if you want to get in, get in soon.
Meanwhile, I believe we're going to say bye to DarkSakura,
is about to go on her way out the door.
She has to leave a little early tonight
because you're house sitting on top of everything else
that you're doing right now, right?
I am.
My friends George and Amanda went to the Disney half marathon,
the Avengers half marathon thing.
And so I said I would cat sit
and so I get to go take care of Coconut and Nestle.
Fun.
It's the kitty's names.
Those are cute names.
All right, so have fun.
And DarkSakura, before we let you go,
your final thought for tonight to leave our listeners with?
That's it.
A deep sigh.
A deep sigh for all of you.
Again, if you want to give us a call,
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
You know, I'm looking at the Twitter,
twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I might need to scroll back a little more.
But I am seeing some retweets and some love for PixelShits.
And I'm seeing screenshots are hitting the internet.
I'm almost thinking I need to do a Let's Play a little later.
Do some streaming on Twitch TV.
Make this hashtag go.
What, PixelShits?
Hashtag PixelShit.
Hashtag PixelShit.
We did it for President Cat.
We can do it for PixelShit.
Except we actually got PixelShits.
Anyway.
PixelShits tournament.
There's still time.
We can do President Cat.
If Joystick doesn't run an article on PixelShits tomorrow,
we're doing something wrong, people.
We're doing something wrong.
All right.
Again, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
Let me check in with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories
while I look at the Twitter feed for stuff before the PixelShits.
I'm kind of distracted because there's still people streaming footage.
Well, I'm not actually streaming it, but look at the screenshots.
Footage from the next-gen version of, or I'm sorry,
current-gen version of Grand Theft Auto V.
Oh, it looks so nice.
And apparently, they even had, I don't know,
the first-person stuff's pretty crazy.
Now, this is kind of funny.
Say you want to take your PlayStation TV and make it portable.
Well, they have a thing that you can plug it into to do that.
It's called the Decavita 7.
It's a seven-inch screen that you can plug the Vita TV into the back of it
and make an even bigger PlayStation Vita, and it makes it handheld.
I actually want one of these, but not for that reason.
Why?
Because remember, I was trying to make a second-screen portable system
to work with any sort of game system,
and so guess what I could do with this?
Because it has an HDMI in.
It has power coming out of it.
I can make my system and just run it through a Cronus Max
to map the controls over to the Bluetooth from a PlayStation 3 controller,
and away I go.
I've got a system that works second-screen for Xbox 360,
Xbox One, whatever I want.
So I'm going to pick one of those up.
Maybe it's $200, though, if you're interested.
It's coming out next year.
So it looks kind of cool.
All right, I'm going to put a last call for calls.
If you want to participate, talk about anything we've talked about tonight
or bring up something maybe we didn't discuss,
at least we have YYR on earlier in the show.
We got to talk to somebody on Skype tonight.
I have nothing else, but we'll give one more chance for those calls.
Loki?
And then the other thing is say you want to pick up those Amiibos and stuff,
if you're not sure, you know, if you want to drop all the money.
Apparently Nintendo has teamed up with Loot Crate to offer
some sort of Loot Crate edition that's going to feature Amiibo figures.
It's still like 100 bucks or something.
It's ridiculous.
It's not that great a deal.
More expensive than buying them separate, I don't know.
Yeah, right.
All right, we do have a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Azor Man.
I'm sorry, say that again.
Azor Man.
Azor Man, what's up?
Yeah, I was listening to the show earlier about the Pixel Shits.
Yes, that is the game.
Yeah, what do you want to say about Pixel Shits?
I was just wondering if, like, is Loki now inspired to do any type of, like, you know,
Pixel Shit X game for, like, Orange Launch Radio?
Loki, have you been inspired by Pixel Shits for your own creations that you're creating?
No, but it does remind me that, like, you know, a lot of really great games are simple,
and, you know, kind of what I'm doing right now is really complicated.
In fact, I, like, earlier this week, I had, you know, I'd gotten to the,
I'd been working on my editor to make stuff,
and I'd gotten it finished to the point where all my brushes were sort of working,
and I was messing around with it, but then I realized that it's not as optimized as I want it to be,
and I got really frustrated and kind of just kind of said, you know,
Fuck, am I going to have to start over again?
You know, and so I kind of contemplated that, and I may start over again on it.
I just need to tweak a few things and do some stuff that I didn't want to have to do,
but now I'm going to do, I guess, if that makes sense.
But, yeah, something like this would be fun where, you know, yeah,
you could take a concept like this and make it really fast, and it's still fun,
and that's, you kind of, you know, with all the games that come out nowadays,
with all the features and stuff, and you kind of forget that, hey, you know,
the stuff that you used to enjoy was actually really simple, so I don't know.
That's a, you know what, that's an awesome lesson,
and I think if I was YYR, I'd be very happy to know that, you know,
you kind of remind people of that, is that sometimes the silly, simple ideas
are really, truly all the best.
Look at Flappy Bird, perfect example, Flappy Bird. Extremely simple game.
Yeah.
And that's, you know, you could have had something like that easily,
like on an Atari or something like that.
Even Minecraft, I mean, not to say Minecraft is simple,
because there's definitely a very complex layer underneath it,
but the concept is really basic.
You know, it's moving cubes in a 3D space, essentially.
Yeah, there's other things you do with it, rail cars and stuff too,
but Minecraft's kind of a stupidly simple game too.
Yeah, I was looking at that as well, and then like,
it just seems that maybe something simple like that would come out,
you know, with some lokis, like, you know,
like it's clanking around, making these new games,
because I remember you were starting with this like last year, right?
I started trying to learn how to program last year.
Right, I remember the whole process.
I was just wondering if that soon comes out,
because now this guy, Aaron, came out with this game,
it would just be cool.
Maybe, I don't know,
Orange Lawn's radio game should maybe come out soon, don't you think?
You know, I've toyed with an idea like that before,
but that was back when I was thinking of RPG Maker and stuff,
but our caller here is a manager in training, look at that.
Don't you think you're going to do this?
I listen to you guys a lot,
and like I don't really speak too much of the chat,
but like it's been over a decade.
It's like hearing you guys talk about this,
like hearing him talk about it last year,
and then like now there's like absolutely something he's creating.
I'm just like eager to like see something of it.
Yeah, and I'm eager to have something to show.
You're slower than Duke Nukem Forever is what the caller's trying to say.
Well, the problem is it's hard just making the engine,
because it's from scratch,
and unfortunately, see, I was trying to keep it away
from like being like a straight up voxel engine,
because, you know, all the voxel engines out there they have,
you know, you have your voxels, you have your chunks,
and, you know, that's how you load data and stuff,
and, you know, with Unity, the problem I ran into was
I could put all these blocks down,
but when I had my thing checking for, you know,
what neighbors were next to, you know,
so if I have a cube next to a cube,
I don't draw the sides that are, you know, hidden,
basically, in the geometry,
but those checks were taking so long,
once I got a lot of, you know, blocks on the screen,
you know, I'd put one down,
and I'd wait a few seconds before it unlocked again,
and that's the problem,
is I have to find a more efficient way to do that,
and so, unfortunately, I'm probably going to have to create
some sort of chunk system in order to get that to work,
so that it's not, you know, looking for something.
I apologize if you may have a blog or anything,
like your troubles?
No, this is his blog.
Yeah, that's the other thing, too.
I need to create a dev blog,
because I have a website now,
but I haven't done any of that.
The Loki game is going to end up like Titan.
He's going to work on it for seven years,
and then throw it all out and be like,
ah, I should have just made Team Fortress 2.
No, no, no.
All right, going to the chat,
because you know the chat room is having a field day with this,
Bobby Blackwolf saying,
Loki game is vaporware.
AkumaJP, Loki forever.
Act F to Loki ghost.
I have stuff.
I put, I posted images from the editor the other,
it was like last week.
We're eagerly awaiting it.
Maybe YYR can do some consulting with you for a small fee.
It's just figuring it out.
But I learned, see that's the thing though,
is I learned based on, you know,
you do it wrong and you learn the right way to do it.
That's right.
Chatters, let's start taking bets.
What will we see first?
Loki's game or Half-Life 3?
What will we see first?
That's so wrong.
All right.
Thank you so much for the call.
Anytime we can razz Loki out of a call, I appreciate it.
And I really appreciate the support.
A decade of listening to the show.
That's amazing.
You rock.
Good.
Thank you a lot.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
All righty.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or use your name on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
If you'd like to give us a call,
I'll leave it open for just a little bit.
Did you have any other last minute stories here?
I forgot that this is actually a VCD.
This isn't even a DVD.
Oh, the thing that you loaned Jamie that she brought back?
She could have kept it.
I don't even want it anymore.
Tell Liz it.
What is this?
She found some-
I don't remember what it was.
Para Para Para.
Excuse me.
Para Para Dance.
It's a VCD, which means the resolution on it's gonna be shitty.
That's like 300 by 200.
What is it?
It's just like concert.
VCDs are like disc versions of VHS.
They're crap.
No, it was, if I remember correctly, I don't remember what it's about.
To be honest, it was-
Well, let's be real.
The plot probably wasn't important.
No, it's about obviously Para Para.
I just don't remember why I bought it, because obviously I thought it was funny for a reason.
You know, that's why I bought it, but I don't know.
Alright, well, it looks like the phones aren't lighting up, so I'm gonna go ahead and close down the phones so we can wrap up the show for the night.
Jonas, thanks for joining us.
Sorry we didn't get to talk to you more tonight, but you know, when an OLR dream game gets released, it's gonna-
But I'm glad you could be here for the unveiling of Pixel Shits.
That's gonna be a holy shit moment.
Tell us a little more once again, what can we expect T-Bagger, the big anime game room to be up to, and what cons are you going to next?
We're actually gonna be starting to do some streaming at random days now, so-
Nice.
Because we had a streaming on Friday for doing just random games, to show that we just play other games outside of the common games.
Because there's a bunch of games out there, but we're not gonna just keep playing the same ten games over and over and over.
That's good, to show a little bit of variety.
I mean, hey, we could probably do a Pixel Sh- a Pixel Shit stream.
I'm telling you, I want everybody within the sound of my voice to do a Twitch TV stream for Pixel Shits this week.
I'll take fifteen minutes.
You know, even though I don't really follow it too much anymore, can we get like, you know, maybe Pixel Shits and Omega-Thon or something like that?
That would be awesome.
Awesome.
But yeah, that's just something new we're adding to the plate and stuff.
Alright. Where can folks find your Twitch channel if they want to check that out?
Oh, twitch.tv slash TBAGR underscore TV.
Okay, TBAGR underscore TV. Awesome. I'll make sure I friend you on Twitch, because I'm not sure you're my friend yet. Or follower, whatever it's called.
And also, because YouTube can do 60 frames a second videos nowadays, we're playing on doing videos that are gonna be 60 frames a second at 1080p.
Nice.
Starting, actually, we're starting right now with the Pump It Up videos.
Nice.
Which I still need to finish.
Alright. Congrats once again on your amazing show. I mean, second place in the US for Pump It Up's freestyle. That blows my mind.
You're like one of those Starcraft all-stars that I saw at Blizzard last week, except you play with your feet.
You dance. You're a dancer.
Alright, too bad it's a radio show and we can't make you show everybody your moves.
No problem.
The videos will be on YouTube.
Alright, sounds good.
Hopefully this week.
Sounds good. Do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
Oh, it's good to be back again.
It's good to have you.
And finally not actually have too much on my mind, just a competition. I was like, okay, I can go back playing video games again.
You can just take it easy. That's right. You know what? A lot of the big stuff I had going on in my life has finally calmed down.
And so, yeah, I'm starting to get weekends where I'm like, alright, I get to play video games.
And with Thanksgiving coming up, that's going to be a huge catch-up weekend for me. I'm so excited. You don't even know.
That'll be the weekend that finally I get suckered into going back to, wow, just wait for it.
Alright, let's see. I want to thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking us out.
Thank you for listening to Orange Launch Radio. If you like the show, always say tell a friend or two or five about the show.
Help spread the word because that's all we got.
We didn't have some huge website back in us. I don't have the money to throw to rent a hall in Vegas and try to find some sponsors.
I'd love it if we did, but we don't. We really rely on your word of mouth. That's all we ask.
So thank you guys. Let's get the last final thoughts here. Loki, your final thought tonight?
A couple of things. First off, Grand Theft Auto looks awesome. Second thing, apparently Far Cry 4,
you may not see the PC reviews soon because they have not given codes to anybody that's reviewing the game
because there's going to be a day one patch and it won't be up until Monday.
And so same thing happened with Unity.
Interesting.
Just giving you a warning. Although on console, though, apparently really good.
So hopefully that's still the case on PC, but buyer beware.
Interesting. All right. And my final thought is, you know, I just every week, I'm so humbled by the support you guys give us.
I mean, from the fan games created by something someone said off the cusp
to the fact that some of you have literally grown up with the show listening for over a decade.
I'm just I'm so humbled. And thank you guys so much.
And, you know, to kind of build on that email we got earlier, you know, gaming and the culture and everything,
even when there's stuff that pisses us off. And this year there's been a lot of stuff that got really heated.
Let's put it that way. Even when a lot of that stuff is going on, you know, at the end of the day,
this gaming culture and everything, this is this is stuff that's in my blood.
And I'm so happy and fortunate to have this place to lend my voice every week.
And the fact that even one of you listens and gives a shit means so much.
So, you know, we're going to keep doing it.
The idea that I'm going to have five more podcasts in 50 years, probably not too far from the truth.
So that's it. Have a great week, everybody. Thank you so much.
And we will see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios to join us for a live show.
Tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
You
