This week, excitement in online gaming as Blizzard struggles to maintain World of Warcraft's
uptime after Draenor's release and another Sony Network cracking scare.
Even if they're down, we'll tell you about some interesting alternatives along with your
comments, calls, and emails right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 576, November the 23rd of 2014,
joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the
gamer lifestyle.
Here in studio, my name is Rob Roberts.
Not joining us tonight, unfortunately, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
She is out tonight.
I believe it is her husband's birthday tomorrow, today, tomorrow today?
Somewhere around there, but the celebration is today, so she's out to go celebrate with
her man, so I hope she's having a good time, and happy birthday, Dan, whenever it happens
to be.
But here in studio, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Except for my dinner sucked.
Yeah, I heard about that.
You know, for those that are playing the home game, the ever popular listening to OLR, betting
pool.
What did Loki eat for dinner tonight game?
You went to Jack in the Box.
I went to Jack in the Box.
Which these coasters wouldn't think of right away.
Yeah, so I went to Jack in the Box, and they got a turkey bacon cheddar sandwich.
It is the season.
Which is fine, I mean, you know, because sandwiches have a, I normally get the bacon ultimate
cheeseburger, and I'm just, you know, after a while it gets, you know.
It's the same thing.
You have to shake it up a little bit.
Variety.
And their sandwich is nasty.
I don't know, they put some sort of sauce on it, it's just gross, so.
Was it like cranberry?
Because it's turkey?
It's not cranberry.
No, it's just like, I don't know what it was, it just tasted sour.
And seeing with the fries, the fries are good until that last fry, the very last fry I had
was just off.
It was just like something, and it's like this sour taste, I had like literally spit
it out of my mouth.
And now that is the fry that is representative of the whole.
The fry that's like stuck permeating in my mouth, like thanks, you know.
Every time you think about your horrible Jack in the Box night, you're going to remember
that fry.
Well, it was just like, you know, I had, left late because I was putting away laundry, and
they had the bleach to sink, and just annoying stuff, and so I got late, you know, I didn't
get to order a pizza or anything like that, and I was like, you know, driving, I'm like,
well I can stop here, well I might not be on time if I stop here, so.
I'm like, well it's either going to be McDonald's or Jack in the Box, I, McDonald's is kind
of meh at this time of day, so I'll do Jack in the Box, and yeah, I was just kind of like,
I guess I'll have that, and then it was just terrible.
I do want to talk about games of course, because this is a video game podcast, but quickly
I thought I'd ask you since you're on the topic of food, it is the week of the Thanksgiving
holiday here in the States.
Happy Thanksgiving to you out there, for those of you that are celebrating it this week.
If you aren't celebrating Thanksgiving this week, well enjoy in your country from the
comfort of your living room, watching the crazies in this country on Black Friday.
Enjoy watching everybody on television at the local Walmart fighting over a $5 crock
pot, you know, pulling out weaves, threatening people, somebody will get shot, some shopping
mall somewhere.
Have fun from the comfort of your home wherever you may be.
No, no, no, no.
No one will get shot, someone will get trampled to death, that's the new shot.
You know what, I'm going to stay home and play video games, that was the way Black Friday
was meant to be.
You'll stay home and you go on certain online, you know, purchasing websites to...
You make it sound shady, like am I going on XTube, where am I going?
You don't purchase anything on XTube, seriously, all the content there is lone.
That's Cyber Monday, Loki, get with your buzzword lingo.
But it's all the pre-Black Friday stuff.
Now it's pre-Black, oh that's right, what do they call it, Gray Thursday?
No, it's Thanksgiving.
It's Thanksgiving.
It's not Gray Thursday.
It's Thanksgiving.
It might happen to be gray outside, because we're having that kind of weather, but it's
Thanksgiving.
Gray Thursday.
I heard that term on the news the other day, and I'm like, it's fucking Thanksgiving.
They're dumb, they're just trying to be buzz-worthy.
I know, I know, and then they have a graphic to go with it.
Gray Thursday.
Alright, anyhow, hey, look, when we're feeling sad and gray, we always have this gal here
to cheer us up.
Joining us in studio tonight, welcome back to the show for the Multitap podcast.
Hey, hold on, hold on, I gotta, sorry, I gotta, I-
Way to wreck the intro, this better be good.
Ron must suggest he and I go to Subway.
No, now see, now I've been to Subway, and I even thought about that, but Subway also
tends to be pretty crappy this time of night.
Did you, did you literally interrupt the guest's introduction to talk about a fucking sandwich?
Did you?
Yes.
To be fair, Subway's horrible, I agree.
It's true.
Welcome to the show, Princess Irene.
Huddle.
How are you?
Would you like a sandwich?
Fuck no.
I already had one earlier.
How are you doing, Princess Irene?
I'm okay, I'm good.
Yeah?
How are you?
Good, thanks for jumping in to fill in tonight.
Sure.
How are things for you?
How's life been treating you lately?
It's exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
Yeah.
I would ask you, well, what, you know, usually I go, oh, well, what's new on the Multitap
podcast?
But like, you were just here like six weeks ago, so I mean, did you do anything in the
past six weeks that we all know about?
I think we released like a couple of episodes.
Go check them out.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Hey.
Where can folks hear the Multitap podcast?
Just briefly, for those new listeners who might have gotten the past couple of weeks,
where is the Multitap podcast and what can folks expect to hear on it?
Sure.
You can find it on FFOP.net.
That stands for Fistful of Potions, and that's kind of our umbrella place that we kind of
Sure, sure.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
But I and I mean this with all complete respect, but I can't get out of my head that it's Fistful
of Poop.
Like a monkey.
Neither can I, Rob.
Fistful of Poop.
FFOP.
All right.
So that's a good way to remember it.
Yeah, I know.
Whatever works, right?
Right.
Right.
Right.
And you can probably expect to hear just a lot of crap.
Way to talk up your show.
I know.
Woo!
Fistful of Poop.
That's right.
To the boom.
Rimshot.
FFOP.
Right.
No, it's a fun show.
It's a bummer we couldn't get any of your co-hosts back tonight, but you're plenty.
Yeah.
Everyone's out of town.
Oh.
Well, that happens during Thanksgiving.
Go figure.
That's right.
Yeah.
Go figure.
Let's see.
What else do I want to ask you about?
This week was 20 November, which was another holiday of sorts for the DDR and music game
nerds.
I guess it's totally dead in my mind now.
The two day celebration of 19 November and 20 November happened this past week, which
if you don't know what that means, there was a song in the, I believe it was in the original
DDR.
No, I don't think it showed up until third mix.
You know where it was?
It was in Beatmania.
It was in Beatmania, the five key game.
There was a song called 20 November.
So that has kind of been adapted as the unofficial Bamani holiday.
So and you and I didn't necessarily meet playing DDR as I met a lot like that's how I met Loki.
It's how I met Dark Sakura.
You and I knew each other before that, thanks to Rocky Horror and other things.
But Bamani was a huge part of your life as well as mine.
How did you kind of get into music games way back in the day and what did that do for you?
Me?
Yeah.
Well, I think the first time we played DDR was when we went to Las Vegas.
We went to like a Rocky con or something like that and we just saw it and you're like, oh,
this looks really cool.
And I'm like, that's stupid.
I don't want to dance in front of people.
I'm like, dumb.
And then you played it and I think I played a game, but then I just, I kept following
you to places like arcades and stuff and you kept playing DDR and I was like, oh, I'll
play it too.
And it was really fun.
Yeah, it was.
It was the music.
Right.
It's all about the music.
I don't remember the second part of your question.
Oh, what are some memorable experiences you got out of the whole thing from being a part
of the Bamani community for a few years?
I guess I got like friends and stuff from it.
That was pretty cool.
Right on.
Is that how you met Fafop?
Not even remotely.
I met Fafop.
I met them through school.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
I will remember a favorite memory that involved you.
And that was, we went to a tournament in Los Angeles, you and me, it was called the cyber
beat nation tournament.
This tournament was at Koreatown was what was like little Korea.
And I don't remember the name of the place, but this is a really big tournament.
This is one of the biggest tournaments they probably had.
And there was a lot of freestyle and there was perfect attack.
And pretty much throughout the entire weekend in the back of the arcade, there was Irene
and I in a tiny little booth singing karaoke for hours and hours and hours.
We played the fuck out of that machine.
This was before karaoke revolution or rock band or any of that shit.
There was this little thing, and the thing about it was not only could you sit there
and sing the songs, which there was a lot of American songs in there, even though some
of them had been translation, translation back again, like Google translate one way
in the back again.
There was a lot of Japanese songs and Korean songs and things in it too.
So we would go through the catalog and when you would sing the songs, you got scored at
the end.
And the whole thing became about like getting a high score.
And I remember I got a 100 on some song and then you did a song and got like a 21.
I'm pretty sure it was the lower score, the better.
I seem to distinctly recall.
It was like golf.
It was like golf.
Yes, exactly.
Yeah, I was on par.
Yeah.
So there you go.
There's a memory involving Irene for you guys was going to a DDR tournament to play karaoke
all weekend.
Right.
Like you guys don't even know we were in that booth the entire weekend.
I don't even know who won the damn tournament.
I really don't.
Yeah.
I don't think we gave a shot.
Like really.
And I think when people would come close to the booth to try to play the game, we would
like bark at them or something like, fuck off.
This is our game.
This is our territory.
You know what is really too bad about that whole thing too.
And I guess I can talk about this now.
It's been years and years, but they never did the sequel.
And they actually had asked me to MC the second tournament if they did one.
And I was always like, fuck yeah, I'll do it.
Yeah.
That sounds really exciting.
It's a huge tournament.
They didn't have the opportunity for OLR, which was still blooming at the time and everything,
but they didn't end up having the tournament.
And I don't remember why.
I don't know.
I don't think the arcade went under or anything, but it's just, they didn't get the interest
or something happened.
They couldn't financially pull it off.
So that was always too bad.
And you, I mean, I think the prize that you wanted that one was a DDR machine, right?
I think so.
And how do you fucking top that?
It's kind of downhill from there.
It was like a solo 2000 or something.
It was still pretty awesome.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Considering it was like 2002 or something.
So, uh, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the
voice of geeks network.
That's vognetwork.com and our chat room of course, at live.vognetwork.com, uh, Raginator
in our chat asking, is there any chance that Irene could change fafop.com to fafap.com?
I think we talked about that last time you were here that like, you might have to get
that domain as well as forward.
Yeah.
I'm currently working on that as of five seconds ago.
Okay.
You have your people working on it right now.
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
That's happening.
That's happening.
Uh, let's see.
Rama pointing out that November 20th was also DDR's 16th anniversary.
Oh my gosh.
Shut the front door.
16 years.
That's true.
1998 was the year it launched.
Right.
Oh my gosh.
And we first played it in 2000.
You and I.
Was it 2000?
Cause it was at the Rocky 25th convention in Vegas.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was you, me, iguana girl and somebody else was there with us, I thought.
All playing.
Yeah.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Somebody else was with us.
It was so long ago.
I know.
As our memories are fading.
I have Alzheimer's.
Um, let's see.
Act F pointing out the 20 November is also Mexican revolution day.
Whoa.
Well, maybe that's why it's dance, dance revolution.
So wouldn't it be like by Llamas by Llamas, I don't know Spanish.
I'm sorry.
I just ruined that joke, but I have a Luciano.
If I titled these episodes, tonight's episode would be by Llamas revolution.
Yeah.
There you go.
Uh, well, you know, in Europe it was called dancing stage.
I do know that because I guess, you know, you can't say revolution over there.
It's a bad word.
So it's dancing.
That's true.
It really is called dancing stage.
Right.
Call.
It's one of those things where like, they finally released it as DDR years later.
They just knew that it was going to be a fad, so you're going to go through this dancing
stage.
Well, it's like, it was like us and dragon quest for some reason it was dragon warrior.
And then finally at some point they were like, all right, it's dragon quest.
Yeah.
Make up your fucking minds guys.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Also in this part of November around Thanksgiving and because of the black Friday and the $5
crock pots I talked about a minute ago, this is the time of year where all the games are
coming out because you got to get your game on the shelf before black Friday, the official
start of the holiday season, because you know, that's when people are going to go out and
get the gifts that are going to show up under the tree.
The games sell the most during this time of year.
So we just have an avalanche of games to pick from this week.
Um, I do want to get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been
playing this week.
But before we get into that completely, I kind of want to ask you, how do you pick the
games that you're going to play this week?
And this might be a really tough question.
I'm going to pose this in our chat room too over at live.vognetwork.com.
How are you picking out of all these games?
You know, not everybody can afford to buy all 10 games they want.
Some people can't really afford to buy one of the games they want, but how are you able
to pick which game it is that you are going to play this week?
Loki, I'll start with you.
How did I pick which game?
How did you pick?
I bought, you know, Grand Theft Auto 5, and so I played that for a bit, at least a few
days out of the week, and then the other few days I played Lego Marvel Super Heroes, mainly
because one of the days I wanted to play Grand Theft Auto 5, it was downloading a patch,
and so it took a long time.
It was going to be like another hour before I could play it, and I was like, eh, I'm just
going to play something else.
And so I played that, and I kept playing Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
I did want to get Far Cry, maybe Dragon Age Inquisition.
Why?
Why?
Far Cry 3, I loved that game, and it looks like a pretty incredible game, and Inquisition,
everybody's kind of doing it.
So it's like, got to get it.
Peer pressure is, okay, I mean, this is the thing people don't usually want to admit,
but is peer pressure a factor?
I'll kind of openly admit.
I mean, I want to get games that I can play with friends with, and unfortunately not everybody's
on the Grand Theft Auto bandwagon, because I don't know what's wrong with you people,
but seriously, not everybody's on that bandwagon, and so...
If it had come out like a month sooner, I probably would have bought it, but now it
has to compete with all this other stuff, and it's like, okay, I spent like $200 on
video games this week.
That's a lot of money.
No more.
You know?
I don't know.
I don't have to get Inquisition.
See, the thing is, I'm waiting for the Black Friday sales to see what's going to be discounted,
because there's even like, you know, I've been seeing some of the early stuff, and like
they have, was it Middle Earth Shadows of Mordor for like 25 bucks?
I mean, that just came out.
Why is it discounted so much?
It was supposed to be a pretty good game.
I mean, that might be worth picking up, or Wolfenstein down to $25, although I'm not
sure if I want to buy, because I'm already sitting on like a few games on my PlayStation
4 that I haven't played yet.
Like I have Watch Dogs and Destiny that haven't been touched yet.
And I know it's coming up later in the show, but it's no secret that this time of year
means a Steam sale is going to be coming at some point.
Speaking of things I haven't touched yet.
Right?
And that's just going to be the problem worse.
Then it'll be like, oh, I just picked up $2 games.
Here's the thing though, I'm getting to the point now, even with like the Humblebundles,
and I tend to buy most of the Humblebundles, I'm getting to the point where I'm not picking
up because I own most of the games already.
Right.
And it's getting to the point where they're repeating enough stuff where it's like, well
shit.
You know, like this last Humblebundle I bought, I bought the highest tier so I could change
to a four so I can give the Rob.
But uh, thank you by the way, it was very nice of you to have no time to play it.
Exactly.
It's like, you know, all these other games, like I looked at my list of unredeemed keys
on the Humblebundle and I'm like, well shit.
Yeah.
Cause I have all these already.
How many copies of Fez do I have?
Like way too many damn copies of Fez.
More than anyone needs.
You know, it's just, it's ridiculous like, oh hey, cool grid unlocked in grid two.
I'm never going to play these games.
Why am I buying these things?
All right.
I'll come back to you later and ask you more specifics about how Grand Theft Auto five
is going and all that.
Uh, look at our chat room though.
Cause I asked you guys in chat what, uh, you know, what you are weighing and what to play
this week.
Uh, act dev says I pick the game I'm most excited about and probably the one I'll play
the longest too.
Hence why I pick smash and vid power says, same here.
I picked the one I was eagerly anticipating, which was smash guys.
You know, it says it's easy to pick games because most of the crap they have out now
isn't worth buying.
I'm only looking to get grand theft auto five and smash Pokemon grand theft auto five and
smash were the only games I was waiting for.
Oh, and Sims four and civilization beyond earth.
That's about it for me.
That's still sounds like a pretty good big list guys, you know, that's still a lot of
games in the list.
I don't know.
Uh, but uh, Irene, what, what do you factor in this week and like, what am I going to
play?
Um, I think about what's already on my 3ds.
So it's more like I'm on a budget.
I don't have time for $60 game week.
Yes.
And also a time budget.
So what's going to take five to 15 minutes, which is usually the me Plaza.
I see.
So you have to kind of weigh in because you have the school and the other stuff that gets
in the way.
What can I play quickly?
Right.
So you don't have time to play dragon age inquisition, even if that was something that
was up your alley, which I don't think it is.
Nope.
Yeah.
You don't have to, ain't nobody got time for that.
Nobody got time for that.
Nobody got time for that.
Right.
So what are the retro titles and kind of what you like, if I kind of look at a list of what
are Irene's favorite games, a lot of them tend to be like retro stuff.
Is that because it's more bite-sized or, um, not real.
I mean, that's all just stuff that I have played because I don't have time to play current
games anymore.
I, you know, I haven't played them, but I've played a lot of older games.
So that's usually why all of my favorite games are older games because I haven't played any
new games.
I'm too busy.
Well, and you can always, and you can always come over here and play the stuff that I got
suckered into buying.
Well, like you did with Smash this week, right?
Yeah.
Totally did that.
That was fun.
Uh, we'll talk about your thoughts on Smash in a minute here.
Uh, for me, I think, you know, and the thing I didn't really get to get into as Loki was
talking, I think peer pressure does play into it just a little bit.
Like I kind of think that's what finally broke me on Dragon Age Inquisition.
Like I wasn't going to do it because I didn't really, like I didn't get it super into Dragon
Age Origins.
Like I tried, but it just, I don't know if it was too slow or if it's just the engine
wasn't like Mass Effect, so it didn't really pull me in the same way or the store.
I don't know what it was.
I couldn't get into Dragon Age Origins.
I don't like hate it.
I just really couldn't get into it, but I bought Dragon Age Inquisition because I knew
Alan was a big fan of it.
I knew my roommate was a big fan of it and there would be a lot of chatter about the
game in this household.
And I was like, oh, it has a multiplayer mode and multiplayer is supposed to be kind of
like Mass Effect.
And I really liked Mass Effect's multiplayer mode way more than I ever thought I would.
Uh, so I was like, you know what, fuck it, I'm going to do it.
Here's the 60 bucks.
And I really enjoyed Dragon Age Inquisition.
I'll talk about that more in a minute, but I, I'm really glad I bought it.
Like the game pulled me in, in a way that Origins didn't do.
So I'm like super into the game.
So it's a, it's a place where peer pressure actually paid off.
I actually think you're onto something.
There's always this fear of missing out.
I think that a lot of people are susceptible to that.
And I mean, I don't know, we're probably gonna talk about this later, but the whole Warlords
of Draenor thing, like how the sub, you know, has risen.
Yeah, we'll get into that.
Yeah.
So I kind of think that's part of playing part of that too.
That's okay.
Let's talk about Draenor for a minute and we will get into that and, you know, and have
a more lengthy discussion about, you know, what Blizzard's doing amongst all the chaos
happened this past week, but you are a former World of Warcraft player.
In fact, you're the one that kind of got me into it.
One of a couple people.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
So you got me into it.
I don't play anymore.
But I found it really hard to resist the temptation to go back this week because everybody is
up that expansion's ass.
Right.
Like, and I'm not hating with that comment.
I'm not hating with that comment.
I'm really happy for Blizzard and I'm happy that that expansion apparently has turned
out as good as it has because I really lost interest halfway through Pandaria when basically
Blizzard had thrown five mans out the window, which is the thing I enjoyed most in the game
and I couldn't stand LFR and stuff anymore.
But it seems like people are really loving this expansion, the story, and a lot of the
other things about it.
I know people that haven't played in a very long time that are super into it and that
peer pressure is kind of making me go, I, I got to do it.
I got to try it.
Like even though I'm paying for 14 and I got, I've got to, everybody's loving wow.
I've got to try wow at some point.
But luckily this week I've been able to tell myself, okay, Rob, you just bought three,
no four, because I bought the Jackbox game too.
I bought four games this week.
I do not need fucking wow to make me not play any of it.
Right.
Right.
And you know, it's such a weird dynamic with wow.
You kind of have to strike while the iron's hot because maybe a few months down the line
it's not going to be as appealing.
You know, people will drop off and it just won't be, so it has to be the right conditions
too.
So right now is when everyone's jumping back on board and everything's still fresh and
no one, you know, all the contents new and stuff like that.
So it would be the ideal time to do it.
And I will tell you, I despise wow, I do.
But even I was tempted for a millisecond, like, man, I really miss PVP and just, I miss
wow and I just, I would love to go back, but it's just like, no, I mean, I'm done with
that.
So, but yeah, there's just this confluence of just factors that make it sound appealing
and I don't know.
Without getting too dark, I hope I'm not going down too much of a dark road here, but you
used to be really into wow and now you say I despise wow.
That's a very strong term.
What flipped for you?
Wow killed my brother.
I'm just kidding.
I shouldn't laugh.
It's a horrible thing to say.
No, it's not.
No, it just, you know, thinking about all of the money I spent on wow and all the time
I spent on wow and how much more I could have been doing with my life rather than playing
wow.
And you know, some of the friendships and the fake friendships that I created with wow.
And I say that earnestly, like fake friendships, because sometimes you got to play that game
in the game to do anything.
Like, you know, if someone finds out you're a girl in the game, wow, it just turns around
180 for you.
Like they will, there's just this intricate game you have to play with them.
And it's, it's not anything I really wanted to be a part of, but that's just, it was kind
of the expectation, I guess it was created in the environment of wow.
Anyway, that's a whole different topic.
But that was fascinating.
You could do an entire movie on that.
Whoa.
No.
But I mean, it was just, you know, there were some great things about it.
I loved PVPing, you know, I loved interacting with my friends and stuff, but it was just,
you know, it was affecting my real life too much.
And I just, you know, the more I think about it, the more resentful I get about it.
So
You know, what's interesting is, you know, I have Hoard House, which was a World of Warcraft
podcast for a few years, and I'm pretty tuned into the Warcraft podcasting community of
which there's a lot of podcasts.
I'm not sure I've ever heard in the years of, of, of doing those podcasts, I've ever
heard somebody talk about the real social game the way you just did.
That's very, that's, I mean, and I can't really argue with you and what you're saying, but
it's a very interesting layer of wow that nobody who's into it really talks about, which
I find very interesting.
Yeah.
I mean, nobody, I think, you know, no one wants to acknowledge that that happens and
it's not just wow, it's, it's every MMO that you play or any sort of
Or any multiplayer game.
Right.
It can be League of Legends.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You know, but I mean, everyone knows that it happens.
It's just, nobody really acknowledged or they're just kind of, you know, they're blind to it.
They just think that that's
And just to be clear, you're not only talking about the whole like IRL girl angle.
Right.
Right.
You're talking about, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I think this is what I'm hearing.
You have faked friendships in an MMO to advance your MMO game.
Yes.
Even though you didn't particularly necessarily care for the person who, who might've been
helping you out.
Right.
Yeah.
And people have done that with me too.
So it's not, and that's okay.
I mean, that's just how the game is played.
It stings the first time, but you know, you just get used to it.
It's par for the course.
Wow.
Yeah.
Loki, when are you going to start playing MMOs?
Want to be my friend in WoW?
I'll be your friend.
Help me get a two player amount.
Right.
Wow.
Uh, let's see, uh, Kaijuto in chat says, wow, screwed up MMOs.
It went with mediocre and now every MMO just follows suit.
Kaijuto also saying she realized how mediocre WoW is.
It is very, you know, I can't hate on the mediocrity of WoW because it went from, I
mean, if you think of all of WoW's predecessors, what came, what MMOs came before WoW?
I mean, there was request Ultima online, how difficult were these games?
How hard were, were they to access for the quote unquote, I guess, casual gamer or, you
know, not super experienced gamer.
You know, I can credit WoW with, with being very accessible, you know, and I appreciate
that because I'm, I'm, I, I, I like games, but I'm not amazing at them.
So Blizzard has become a PC gaming powerhouse and now also console, you know, they're, they
dabble in the console stuff too, but Blizzard's become a PC gaming powerhouse by dumbing
down.
And I don't mean that in a harsh way, but just like, I love Blizzard games too because
they dumb down what can oftentimes be very difficult genres so that everybody can play
them.
Right.
And they, and they're, they did it with, um, Starcraft.
They did it with Diablo is a simple dungeon crawler.
They did heroes of the storm big time.
The only mobile I can wrap my head around is heroes of the storm.
And now they're going to do it again with the shooter.
And you've got all these people, and I don't know if it's just this whole effect that Blizzard
has that I don't want to say Blizzard creates a cult, but like going, but going to Blizzcon
was a very interesting experience because there's so many people that are like, I hate
first person shooters, but I'll play Overwatch.
I'll play it because it's Blizzard bow down, bow down, I'm going to play this.
And I got to admit, even I played Overwatch and the first time I didn't totally get it,
but the second time I was like, God, this character development is really good.
And I could see myself getting really into this.
Yeah.
And that's what it is too.
They might sacrifice, you know, um, very involved gameplay or, you know, whatever, but they'll
enrich something else in the game.
They'll make a really good, you know, storyline or, you know, whatever.
So I think that's probably what the draw of wow was, was, you know, they're sacrificing
that, but they're making in, in making it more accessible to gamers.
They improve other aspects of the game to make up for it.
And to be fair, I don't think I would use the word mediocre with wow, because I really
think wow set the bar in some ways, but I do think there are games that have taken some
things in wow and done it better.
Y'all know I'm addicted to Final Fantasy 14.
I think there's some elements that 14 does better, but I'm not necessarily saying that
all of it's better.
It has its drawbacks as well.
But um, you know, it's just, there's these other MMOs that are all worth checking out,
but nobody does it because they're too tied up in the social game of wow.
You know, I would acknowledge that wow has devolved since its origins.
Absolutely.
And I think girl, you were coming out swinging tonight.
It's true though.
It has.
I mean, if you, let's talk about this.
I mean, you think about, you know, vanilla wow.
If you want to argue with princess Irene, uh, by all means, uh, tweet us at OLR or you
want a bump?
Let's go.
You want a bump?
Let's go.
No, no, I'm just saying, okay.
Ah, you know, I really love the game.
I loved vanilla.
Wow.
Um, burning crusade, you know, wrath kind of sucked.
Um, but I mean, once you start looking at when they took all of the pop culture references
and the memes and stuff overboard, when it kind of broke the verisimilitude of the game
and it went from a fantasy game to a pop culture game and they just were not even subtle about
anything anymore.
They were getting too ironic with their stuff.
Are you saying there was one too many poop quests?
Yes.
I'm saying that there were one too many poop quests.
Yes.
You know, and I just, it was, it was fun at first, but then it just became too overt and
too much.
And I think that really just, you know, it devolved into something for, you know, it
was like fucking 12 year old dick and fart jokes, which you know, I normally love, but
I also loved original wow.
And it really just ruined it for me.
Well, some of the people that are talking about warless arena or say it's, it's a return
closest thing to vanilla and burning crusade and that period right in between that we've
seen since.
And see, that's so depressing because I don't want to go back to wow, because I know life
after wow and it's beautiful and it's sweet.
And then if I go back into wow, it's sucking me back in.
But I know people that play wow that are completely like functional, happy people.
You know, I don't want to.
I'm not one of those people.
I don't do that when I play wow.
I sit for 12 hours on a Saturday and PVP all day.
That's okay.
So as long as we're clear, people react differently and that's how you did it.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I want to get through school.
So.
All right.
Let's see.
We've got from Alan alchemy, who I believe is talking about the social elements of, of
wow.
The social game quote, everyone in my raid group ain't shit and are actually kind of
racist, but we progress hard modes easily and they fit my schedule.
So, Oh, well.
Wow.
See, see, you have to pretend to like these fuckers.
Like yeah.
Oh, racism.
Good times.
All right.
Let's go raid.
You know, like I just, I, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to put up with bullshit just to do things with people, but not that everyone
that plays wow is racist, but most of them, definitely grandpa, but I'm not hating on
it.
I just, you know, it's, it's kind of a slippery slope for me.
It's all right.
Wow.
I did not know this was going to delve into the dark side of MMO chat, but that was, that
was great.
No therapy time for a read.
You're actually like lying back in Jamie's chair.
Just kicking it.
Just talking about, wow.
If you were the smoking kind of as you'd have a cigarette in your hand, just, you know,
looking back on it, like a grizzled veteran, let's talk about, wow.
All right.
Well, I do want to move on with the show and talk a little bit about what have we been
playing this week specifically, I guess we've touched on it a little bit, but now let's
get into some of the details and maybe some of the stuff that got missed.
Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, I played Grand Theft Auto and, um, it's awesome.
You know, I, I downloaded it digitally cause I had, you know, pre-ordered, so unlocked
on Monday and, um, I started playing through the story, no story campaign.
I actually tried streaming some of it and that worked out okay, I guess.
Um, and then also I did play a little bit of Infamous Second Son, still kind of bored
with that game.
I don't know.
It's just kind of okay, I guess.
But at the time you don't want us picking out games to get from my PlayStation four.
I was just like, eh, it looked pretty good, but it's all right.
I don't know.
I probably, if they made another Infamous game, I probably would not pick it up.
Um, but Grand Theft Auto, yes, Grand Theft Auto is amazing.
And I did play through a lot of it in first person mode, although I've now gone back to
third person mode again, cause I don't know, I kind of got over it.
It is hard to like, you know, see around yourself and, um, it might be fun to like play, you
know, Grand Theft Auto online that way, if you're playing in online mode, that was only
people playing in that mode, but, uh, I don't know, it looks really good.
It's very pretty and I love all the new animals, you know, cats and stuff wandering around
a lot.
And, um, I don't know, it's, I did watch a little bit of your live stream and I saw the
cat and now, yes, I got very distracted, you know, I was supposed to be stealing a car.
I'm like, okay.
Yeah.
So, now there's a lot of cats and they're not, not rare at all, so you see them quite
a bit.
Um, so I did that and I think the other day I was occupying myself playing with Chop,
so I was throwing a ball at people.
As I take his ball, throw it at a person, they get pissed off and when they get pissed
off, he goes and attacks them and kills them.
So that's kind of fun.
Um, so I was doing that.
And then, um, what else?
Uh, Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
So I had originally got this to play with my son and it's just hard to play with him
because he doesn't really understand how to use the controller too well.
I mean, he can mash some of the, you know, buttons in it and he wanted to play as Hulk
and stuff and then he got frustrated once he passed the Hulk stage that now it's Captain
America and, um, oh, who else was it?
Captain America and Mr. Fantastic.
So I was playing through the campaign to get to, you know, the free mode part of the whole
thing where you can kind of run around New York.
And so I was playing through that and I finally got that unlocked, but then I kept playing
it because, you know, it's okay.
I don't know.
I was trying to unlock all the characters.
I'm still not sure how to switch characters.
I think I'll figure that out later on, but I guess there's supposed to be some sort of
secret room with Deadpool, but Deadpool's everywhere.
He like has so many cameos and everything.
It's hilarious.
Um, so I just have to play through it, I guess some more to find Deadpool.
That's who I'm really trying to unlock.
Um, the story's okay, I guess, uh, ran across, um, oh, what's his name, um, I don't know.
It's mostly the Avengers stuff right now, uh, them run through and damn, they have like
a ton of Spider-Man content and like the first like four or five villains were all Spider-Man
villains.
I'm like, okay, Spider-Man's in this level and this level and this level.
Is Doctor Octopus the first one you run into, like the very first one?
Sandman's the very first one.
Sandman and then Doctor Octopus and then, then it's what, Green Goblin and then Venom
and it's like, okay, you've gone through all of the Spider-Man villains, stop.
And then, um, who would it end up being?
Then you finally run into Magneto and, um, uh, Sabretooth and you fight, uh, oh, what's
his name?
Uh, Abomination again.
I don't know.
There's a lot of characters in it.
It's kind of cool.
So I played through that and it's fun.
I probably will still play through it again because the only thing, granted, I thought
it was, I've, I've already beat the campaign a hundred percent in the Xbox 360.
So it's like, and I remember how much of a pain in the ass that was to do that.
That took a long time and I'm just kind of regretting having to do that again because
I want to get in on that whole, you know, Mount Chiliad mystery Easter egg thing, but
you have to have a hundred percent to do that.
And then it's kind of like, oh, I don't want to do that again.
It took so much time, so I'm just hoping someone releases like a save game cheat or something
like that.
Cause I really don't want to have to go through the whole campaign yet.
It was good.
It's just, it's a long time, a lot of time dedicated to that, but maybe, maybe I'll do
it.
You know, who knows?
I do want to pick up far cry four at some point, but all these games take a long time.
That's why Lego Marvel superheroes.
It's just kind of linear for the most part, although the open world stuff's really huge
too.
I was like, holy crap, this map is huge.
I mean, it's kind of empty, but it's very, there's a lot of stuff and I'm still not really
sure what collecting all those studs do if I can like buy things with that.
So I've been just collecting them anyways, but there's a ton of collecting this.
I don't know.
Cause it's shiny and I'm like, I don't know them getting points.
I guess.
Are these points?
Are they money?
What, what are these things?
I don't know.
So maybe I'll just look it up on the internet.
But uh, so yeah, that's what I've been doing this week is just really those games.
All right.
Well I'm going to try to cover this quickly.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Real quick.
Real quick.
I also played more of the, um, well you want to talk about a sandwich play, no play room.
I didn't play any sandwiches.
No, actually my son was playing play room.
Um, he was playing the alien.
My was like some alien one, um, brave, like a toy alien and you destroyed, like it almost
looks like a little bit playing.
Destroyed a bunch of like cardboard things.
And so he loves it.
Like he literally spent like two or three hours playing that the other day all by himself.
I was like, Hey, cool.
All right.
That's it.
All right.
Uh, I will try to be quick cause I, I had, I covered a lot of ground in gaming this week
and so I'm going to try to be quick.
So I played a lot of my usual stuff like Final Fantasy 14, Diablo three because, and the
reason why I played a lot of Diablo three and probably more of that than anything else
this week is that Alan decided to make this his week that I'm just, I don't know why,
but I've decided I'm going to beat Diablo three finally.
Maybe watching me play all that time finally rubbed off on him and he was like, I want
to do riffs and all the cool things that Rob talks about.
So he finally beat the game and he's level like 69 he's really close to that 70 cap right
now.
Um, so he's been playing Diablo three, so I've been helping him out and I've just been
playing a lot of it because of that.
Looking forward to the new patch, trying to finish out what I want to do in season one
before it hits.
Um, so a lot of that old, the old stuff I've been playing, but new stuff, lots of new stuff.
Dragon Age Inquisition, which I mentioned a little bit ago.
Um, I, I got really sucked into the game because the game really hits the ground running with
the story.
I found the story very interesting.
I think the characters are really interesting and this is something BioWare does very well.
Uh, they did it in Mass Effect and I know they did this in the other Dragon Age games.
I just think the characters are really, really interesting.
You know, I know Dragon Age gets a lot at a lot for its diversity.
I think that just goes to enhance the, the stories, the backgrounds that all these different
characters have that you can really go down a rabbit hole of exploring these people's
paths, where they come from and their stories.
This is, it's great.
And so many different party members.
Um, I also, a lot of folks comparing Dragon Age Inquisition to Skyrim in some ways, and
I definitely feel the Skyrim influence in the game.
And the reason why...
No, don't say that.
Don't say that.
You have to buy it now.
And the reason why Irene's making a face, like, I don't like Skyrim face.
What is wrong with you?
Absolutely nothing.
I have my own opinion, Matt.
What is your quick opinion?
Clearly, it's clearly because you haven't played a little PC mods.
You can make that game.
Clearly.
Clearly.
What is clearly your problem with Skyrim?
It is clearly fucking boring as shit.
Okay.
So you know what?
I can see why people get bored with Skyrim.
I really can.
Yeah.
Because it is, it is a slow burn.
Yes.
And it isn't necessarily a game that kind of, I mean, I don't know, it does kind of make
your own excitement.
Yeah.
I don't even think it's on fire.
It's not a slow burn.
It's just sitting there.
Like a candle.
Right.
That isn't lit.
The thing about Dragon Age Inquisition, if you've read up on the game, everybody heard
about this.
The very first area you go in, the Hinterlands, you're doing the quest and suddenly you're
going down the map.
Oh, there's a side quest over there.
Oh, there's a side quest over there.
Oh, there's a camp I need to mark over there.
Oh, there's, there's...
Can't fucking deal with that.
I can't.
Side quest, side quest, side quest, and then you go do one side quest.
There's five more side quests to do.
So it's like, you get stuck in this one fucking zone because you can't stop doing the side
quests that are all showing up on your map with very similar icons to Skyrim, might I
add.
I just kind of noticed that.
It was very interesting.
Uh, it just, yeah.
So, but, but I kinda, I like that, that you go down this and then there's, there's more
and you go keep further down.
There's even more and more.
And I kind of liked that there's so many things to do, but I really stress if you are playing
Dragon Age Inquisition, leave the fucking Hinterlands when you can.
Go progress the story because you'll get more characters.
I don't want to do spoilers, but there are more characters, pretty, at least two to three,
three new characters you can get pretty quickly after you get out of the fucking Hinterlands,
you can always go back.
And that's what I did.
I went and I got three new characters and then I went back.
So now I'm, I'm doing the burn in the Hinterlands again.
And then I got to another area, the Storm Coast, which is another open world area that
has five more things to explore.
It's just like, Oh my God, there's so much to do.
So a lot to do in Dragon Age Inquisition.
Now it's not a perfect game.
And the other reason why I compare it to Skyrim is that Dragon Age Inquisition has some pretty
hilarious glitches and we have to be fair for a minute because all of the internet sat
here and gave Assassin's Creed Unity a hell of a time last week over some of the bugs.
Yet, come on, there's some pretty derpy things that happen in Dragon Age Inquisition and
people aren't talking about that.
So that needs to be called out.
There are definitely some choppy frame rate things that happen.
The thing that gets me is dancing characters, like characters that will start to move in
these really erratic patterns for no reason.
And I'm like, why stop doing that?
Now we don't have anything as bad as say somebody's face is fucking missing.
Like there's nothing that bad, but there are definitely still some technical glitches that
take you out of the experience for a little bit.
I do consider that minor in the big picture because those minor things aside, the game
is really beautiful.
And you know, when glitches aren't happening, there's a lot of gorgeous things to look at.
Cutscenes are rendered very well.
The way your custom design character is woven into the experiences is really, really something.
So there's a lot of good stuff in Dragon Age Inquisition.
I think if you are into RPGs, it's worth checking out.
I did not really play the first two games.
I don't think you have to have either to get fulfillment out of this game.
So just throwing that out there.
Multiplayer is kind of, I don't want to say it's thrown on.
There's definitely a rich experience in there, but it is completely disjointed from the single
player game.
They are two separate games.
They have nothing in common.
So I, well, sorry, when I say nothing in common, I mean what you do in one does not impact
the other and vice versa.
The battle system is very similar.
That's what they do have in common.
But yeah, I was actually a little disappointed that multiplayer is so separated from the
single player experience because there's A, no reason to play it, meaning B, it's hard
to find people to play it with.
And if I grind and grind and grind in multiplayer, I don't even get PlayStation trophies to show
for it.
Because unfortunately I think there's some people out there that are so opposed to multiplayer,
they're like, oh, well I'm not going to pick up Dragon Age if they have multiplayer trophies
because I don't do multiplayer and PvP, ew, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well A, the multiplayer Dragon Age isn't PvP.
It's all dungeon crawling, four man stuff.
And I see trophies as achievements and they are optional.
And if you, I mean, if you decide not to do the content, that's kind of your own damn
problem.
Like, I don't know.
I don't understand why they couldn't do just some things for multiplayer to make it a little
more tied to the experience.
It was a little silly.
Yeah, that's kind of stupid.
It's like, what's the point then?
I mean, there are a lot of people who are just achievement whores and they just want
to get every single achievement.
And that's why I assume they didn't put it for multiplayer, but you're just kind of making
it useless then.
It's like, we spent all this time developing multiplayer, but no one's going to play it.
And for me, at the end of the day, it's not as fluid as Mass Effect's multiplayer was.
And that kind of takes me out of the experience a little bit.
Like I don't, I don't, I think that's the best word I can think of to describe it.
It's just not, it's just not very fluid.
It's kind of like you go through a dungeon, you kill a few mobs and then it's like, oh,
I look around here.
I look around here and then, oh, now we're going to wave two.
And it's just, I don't know, it just, it doesn't really feel as strong as the single player
game itself.
And I don't think it, it doesn't, I think a good multiplayer experience compliments
the single player experience.
And this does not compliment anything.
This is a spinoff.
This is like playing the Dragon Age game on Facebook or something.
It's that kind of spinoff.
I mean, ultimately, like I hate to sound so damning of it because I do think, I think
you could have a little fun playing multiplayer a few times, especially if you had some friends
to play it with, but then you'll be like, why am I playing this?
I need to go back into single player mode and actually progress my game.
Right.
Right.
Okay.
So we're going to do a Jackbox Party Pack, which by the way, we have a code we're going
to give away.
We're going to give away a copy of Jackbox Party Pack for the Xbox One or PlayStation
Four.
We're going to give it away.
You can be live listener or podcast listener.
We're going to do a contest and I'll talk about that at the start of part B. And obviously,
you know, we've had them on the show before.
So just that whole disclosure in case you think that's going to taint my review.
But I had, I had a great time with Jackbox Party Pack.
It is that, it is a party pack.
It's a bunch of little like board games virtually.
And you might remember when we had them on the show, we talked a little bit about that
experience of doing the tablets and cell phones as controllers.
And it works very, very, very well for games like Fibbage.
And I think a standout in the pack is Drawful, which you play, you played it too.
You, you'd enjoy Drawful, right?
It was fantastic.
Drawful was a hell of a lot of fun for such a simple concept, but the way that it's all
weaved together with being able to draw it on the phone and everything is, is really
cool.
And because it was on PlayStation 4, we were share playing with Extifer.
And so there's no lag.
He can see the screen like he's sitting in the room and he's on his phone and he can
play with us.
And we're talking through the TV.
Like it's just technology.
It's so fucking great.
Right?
Dun, dun, dun.
Oh my God.
So that was really cool.
The only part, like if you play, you don't know Jack, for some reason they decided to
put the tablet controls in that too.
And I don't understand why they went down that, well I do and I don't, like not everybody
has four $40 controllers for PlayStation 4 or whatever, but I still kind of think controllers
should have been an option because I think in some of the more precise things you have
to do and you don't know Jack, such as, um, the, the very last round, the Jack attack
where you have to be like the first person to push the button when you, like that is
skills and reflexes.
And unfortunately when you add the lag of cell phone browser into that, it really detracts
from the experience.
So I think, you know, one feedback I would have for the developers is that I don't think
you made the right call in saying tablets only in multiplayer in that.
I would love to see controllers or tablets.
I mean, that's great for the people who don't have four controllers, but I know what I used
to do is I would tell my friends when they came over to play, you don't know Jack, bring
your controller and then we don't have that problem.
So I just, I would like to see them bring that back.
But otherwise I think, I think, uh, I mean, it was what, 25 bucks and you get five games
and I think Fibbage and Drawful are definitely the standouts.
Word Spud is okay.
I didn't, I know you weren't really super into it.
It's a very simple idea.
It's basically like just chain one word to another and then everybody votes if they like
it or not.
You know, it's a very simple concept.
Um, I just didn't get, not something I think you'll play a bunch, but the other games kind
of lifted up where it's like, Oh, this is just a bonus.
Absolutely.
Um, other games I've played this week, Super Smash Brothers on the Wii U.
Um, Oh my God, why did I even buy the 3DS version at this point?
Like it's like the three, this is going to sound really harsh and I'm going to get some
hate from some fans, but like after playing the Wii U version, the 3DS version is garbage.
I'm sorry.
That is how I feel.
It's like, I cannot go back and play the 3DS version because it's just like, you have this
huge experience on the Wii U that looks beautiful.
It plays smooth.
It is so beautiful to look at and fun.
I cannot go back and play it on the 3DS.
That just felt like an appetizer for the main course.
And just to think, if they had not made the 3DS version, we'd have the ice climbers.
Yeah.
I don't know.
And some will argue with me, well, the 3DS version serves its purpose.
It has separate modes.
It serves its purpose.
You can play a portably.
I get all that.
That's all fine and good.
Yay for you Smash Brothers fans.
I'm glad you have a portable version.
It's not for the more casual fans.
It's not worth it.
That's awesome that you have a portable version of your console game experience, or if you
know you had made a more powerful handheld system, you might be able to stream it to
that console.
Like I don't know, the Vita does.
Maybe it's for people who don't have Wii U's.
Sure.
Why not?
Are you saying you?
Pretty much.
I'm their target.
You've played the Wii U version.
Are you like, I love Smash 3DS, or are you like, hmm, this is a subpar experience?
Honestly, when we were playing on Friday, it didn't seem that different.
I mean, like we played the new levels.
That was fun, I guess, you know, and then the eight player Smash was just, it was a
little cray.
Like I couldn't see anything.
Yeah.
The eight player Smash is a little crazy.
Level editor.
Yeah.
There's level.
I didn't play around a lot with a level editor yet.
I just haven't had the choice, but because there's so much in the game and I realized
there's some things that like were in melee that weren't in this, like the whole like
story modes and things, which kind of sucks because I did really like that in melee and
I don't really care for the board game they put into this.
It's not really as rewarding, but there's still like, like to say it's a huge detraction
from the game.
There's so much other shit in there.
Like the home run challenges, the Mii battles, the classic mode where you fight the master
hand at the end and all that and all these other, you know, meta games they have in it.
You know, it's still a very rich experience, but I was perfectly content just playing the
main Smash mode over and over and over again as we were doing on Friday night.
I had a lot of fun.
Right.
Right.
And that's why I think it's not, I'm not so sad that I don't have the Wii U version because
it's like, you know, this is cool, but it's not like, I'm not sad that I don't have it
or anything.
So that's, well, that's, that's probably Nintendo wants you to be a little sad because they
do want to sell more Wii U's.
So sure.
But I mean, it wasn't enough.
I mean, I don't know.
That's fair.
All right, let's see, go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Act F says the 3DS version is great for what it is, but the Wii U version definitely blows
it off the water.
Uh, let's see.
Black Wolf points out the 3DS can be used as a controller for the Wii U version and
you need the 3DS game to do so.
That part was awfully convenient.
Well, that's at least one way to play the better version on the 3DS.
But that actually did end up being very convenient because like all I have here are Wiimotes.
You know, we have like the Wii U game pad is it, but I was like, Irene, Nathan, bring
your 3DS's and then you guys have controllers and that actually worked out pretty well.
Yeah.
And I was already used to controlling with it.
So it's perfect.
Yeah.
And Nathan was able to get his custom scheme or whatever he has that he does.
You were telling me not to let him do that.
And I did.
And then he beat our ass.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
Told you.
Uh, amiibo integration.
Um, I did buy three that I bought my three amiibos.
I have, uh, Mario, Peach and Samus, which good, good, good choices.
Although I kind of wish I bought link kind of wish I bought link instead of Mario, but
that's all right.
Yeah.
Um, I, the figures are well-crafted and I think the figures sit well on a display as
for the way they're integrated into the games.
Yeah.
I kind of take it or leave it.
Like if you haven't seen it yet, you, what you do, you take your amiibo and you can tap
it to the Wii U game pad and it enters the game as basically a computer controlled character.
But it's a special character that levels up the more you beat up on it and it learns from
you the way you beat up on it.
If you tend to block attacks, they'll learn to block attacks.
If you tend to do more of X than Y, they'll do more of X than Y.
So they start to take after you and they get a mind of their own and you can level them
all the way up to level 50.
Why you would do that, I'm not, that's the part I'm not understanding.
Why?
Ultimately the goal of leveling them to 50, and I'm sure some of the Smashaholics out
there will be like, well, you can do a mode where it's you and your amiibo versus a friend
and your friend's amiibo.
And you know, you could have the amiibos fight each other to have like an amiibo style tournament.
And I'm kind of sitting here going, I, I think, I think you're stretching a little bit with
those functionalities.
Those are a bit of a stretch from what the game is really about, which is beating up
on your friends.
But the figures are nice and I sort of go, okay, if they get you little perks in games,
then that's kind of neat too.
I get a little extra outfit in Mario Kart, all right, cool.
I get some extra weapons in Hyrule Warriors, cute.
You know, I like that they at least function in more than one game, but I really think
if you're going to obsessively collect these amiibo, I hope you like the figures because
what they're going to do for you in the game, I, you could get one amiibo and kind of get
a good enough taste of what they're going to do in the various games.
You know what I mean?
So are, do they have any plans to make any amiibos-centric games where you need to have
the amiibos to play?
Wait for Pokemon Wii U, I'm sure.
Yeah, probably.
I'm sure that is coming.
I just don't know what it is.
I would be very curious.
Here's something not a lot of people have been asking this question, but I'm going to,
I'm going to ask it out here.
What is the amiibo implementation going to look like in Splatoon?
Because I could see that game really doing something with this, where you start to put
the characters in Splatoon and maybe they are again doing some type of level up or something.
I would like to see something, I don't know if Nintendo is ever going to build this, I'd
like to see something where I level up my character in Mario, or excuse me, I level
up my character in Smash, and now when I use that amiibo in Splatoon, because it's leveled
up in Smash, it can do this.
And something where the amiibos kind of become this personal achievement gallery, if that
makes sense, and the more I've played these other games and leveled up in other games,
the more it's going to do for me elsewhere.
I would really love to see Nintendo to go down a path like that.
Not going to hold my breath, but that would be my, you know, how could they make this
even more exciting?
Give me more of a reason to level my amiibos to 50.
Right, I was actually just going to say that, because were you the one that was mentioning
that if you get your amiibo to level 50, it's as strong as a level 9 CPU?
I think stronger.
Stronger than a level 9.
So I can see doing that, you know, but aside from that in other games, your amiibo is not
going to really grant you any more power than other players, is it?
It's just giving you extra perks, like fun, like you said, extra outfits and stuff like
that.
It's like a little custom character that, it's like a pet.
It's a pet rock.
It takes after some of your features, you know what I mean?
And they're how much each?
$12.
And how many are they planning to release total?
Don't quote me on this, but it looks like one for every character in Smash Brothers.
That's the way it's going right now.
So every character in Smash Brothers will have one.
So do you think this is more of like a hardcore collector kind of a thing or do you think
this is ever going to appeal to like the general market?
I think it's both.
I think it's a hardcore collector thing and it's the general market because mommy, mommy,
I want the Mario.
Mommy, mommy, I want the peach.
Mommy, mommy.
I think that's...
Oh, you think the mommy, mommy stuffs, you know, are bad with, you know, I've been hearing
all these stories of these.
Well, and daddy, daddy too.
Well, no, I've been hearing all these stories of like, these are sold out at all these stores
and stuff.
I'm like, it boggles my mind why?
I mean, yes, I understand that it's Mario.
Cool.
Okay.
It's Mario.
But the functionality with the games that support it right now is kind of, eh, I mean,
it's just, it's very, it's not like Skylanders or something where at least those characters
can actually fucking play them.
It's a unique experience where it's like, Ooh, AI character, who gives a shit?
Did you read that fucking fan wank on a news site that I will not name, but it was a shapely
article on why Disney should buy Nintendo.
And it read like, like fucking fanfic that I was reading on this site because I'm like,
Disney's never going to buy Nintendo and Nintendo's gonna never let themselves be bought by Disney.
But anyway, I'm getting beside the point.
The only thing in it that made sense was Disney would want Nintendo because Nintendo has strong
characters that 20 and 30 year olds are very attached to, which, you know, Disney has a
lot of characters that people are attached to as well, but some could argue that they
target a different generation than Nintendo gets.
Well, no, I mean, you're right.
20 and 30 year olds are very strongly attached to it, but also children of this era.
Oh yeah.
Absolutely.
Because the 20 and 30 year olds pass them on to their kids.
Exactly.
Absolutely.
So that was my long winded answer to your question was that, uh, it's the characters,
the characters are so strong.
It's the same.
How do people want toys from the latest Disney or Pixar movie that they see that don't do
anything but have a swinging arm, you know, or something like that?
The arm swing?
Sometimes.
Depends.
Anyway.
All right.
Uh, wow.
Sorry.
I have talked a lot about my gaming, but it was just a lot to play.
I didn't even get in a little big planet three.
I played little big planet three.
They have some new mechanics like the, uh, the gun that sucks and blows.
Can I think of that scene from Wayne's world?
She's gone from suck to blow.
That's not from Wayne's world.
That's from space ball.
Oh, what's from space balls?
Why did I know?
Uh, what was this haircut?
Yeah, it certainly does suck or I don't know, whatever, whatever.
Anyway.
So that whole thing.
Yeah.
The new guns and the new elements that they do, they have that and they have like the
portal esque kind of gun that fires a ball and if you fire it into a certain shape, uh,
it will port you there.
And so, okay, that's all good, but what does this all end up being?
This is stuff to put on the canvas for the level creators where the really strong content
is going to come out.
So I'm really excited to see what people develop with this.
I'm enjoying little big planet so far, but holy shit, we're an hour into the show.
We haven't even touched the news yet, so, uh, let me get to Irene quickly and your gaming
week and anything you want to share with listeners tonight on what you've been playing.
We already talked about it.
Jackbox and Smash Brothers.
Okay.
Yeah.
There you go.
Well, thank you.
You're, you're giving up your segment essentially to help us save on time.
I think we already talked about it, so.
That's true.
We did.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Let's see.
Uh, Alan Alchemy says it's sucking my will to live was the Wayne's World thing.
That's it.
Sucking my will to live.
That's it.
All right.
Um, let's get into, uh, some housekeeping real quick.
Uh, if you missed the announcement last week, we will be doing our show on December 7th.
That's in two weeks at a special time.
That show will be broadcasting at noon Pacific time, three Eastern time, eight o'clock for
those of you guys in the UK, uh, for what is that called UTC or whatever that is.
Um, so we're doing that because Jamie and I have an event we want to attend, uh, personal
later in the evening, but we thought it's a good, Oh, two for one shot because our overseas
listeners sometimes say, when are you going to do a show that we can participate with
and we can call into?
So here's your chance.
December 7th, that will be broadcast, uh, much earlier in the day.
Um, but certainly I'm not saying only UK people can participate.
Absolutely not.
Uh, if you happen to be around at noon or three o'clock or whatever, then by all means
listen and give us call and all that good stuff.
So we will be doing that, uh, in a couple of weeks or if you're not, it'll be rebroadcast
of the regular time.
That's right.
It'll be rebroadcast to the regular time, right after Bobby black Wolf.
So however, however you or, and it will be on the podcast feed for those of you guys
that are like, I don't do live shows.
I don't, I don't do live pod.
I need you on Monday to get me through workday, then we'll be there for you too.
All right.
Uh, let's get into some news already.
Holy moly.
Busy, busy week.
Loki.
Yes.
So busy week also for, um, Activision and blizzard world of Warcraft, um, has been having
a little bit of issues, especially right after the release of warlords of Draenor.
They had people DDOS in their servers.
They had, you know, just Q problems.
So they finally decided, Hey, you know what, we're going to address this.
Um, you know, basically saying, you know, the quality of the content does not excuse
the subpar launch experience we delivered.
And I apologize for that.
And that's J Allen Brack, the executive producer of world of Warcraft.
And basically saying, you know what, uh, we're making things better.
We're working on reducing, you know, the cues and the compensate people for their troubles.
We're going to give you a five days a game time.
So that's pretty nice.
At least they're fixing that and, uh, apparently doing pretty well, especially, um, back up
to 10 million subscribers after the launch of the newest expansion.
So, so how about that?
3.3 million copies day one.
So they're back up to 10 million.
They were down to like seven, four, seven, six somewhere I heard was the last number.
And now they're up to 10 million.
So that whole peer pressure thing we talked about earlier and the feeling of it's, it's
working a lot.
I'd be curious though, you know, I granted there are 10 million right now, but how quickly
are they going to get through all that content and just, you know, is it going to be three
months from now that they're back down to, you know, they're going to see that drop again?
I think that's a very fair question to ask because Blizzard has really said nothing about
patches and what else is to be looking forward to.
I think they're going to save a lot of that this time for just when people are starting
to feel burned out a little bit and they're obviously they're slowly rolling out content.
That's what they do now.
Like the raid isn't out yet.
The raid launches, I think next week, don't quote me on these dates, but I think the raid
launches next week for the normal raid and then the mythic, which is their new heroic
or however it all breaks down, that is out in two weeks and the LFR happens then too,
but you can only do one part of the raid in LFR.
The rest of LFR opens up over the course of like four more weeks or something like that,
which it makes sense the way they're doing it.
I can't really fault them for the way they're slowly rolling out.
And I think it does take a lot of that pressure off.
Like I got to level up to on her tonight.
I've got to do it tonight so I can raid with the people or I'm going to get left out in
the cold.
Right.
Like thankfully they don't do that anymore.
Uh, so I'm okay with that.
But yeah, I mean, Loki, what is it going to look like in three months once a lot of people
have gone through the raid?
I don't know.
Well, and also the fact that a lot of the time, um, that was, you know, cause they have
that token to level you up.
Remember to, I forget what it was now.
The boost to 60 or the boost to 90, excuse me, boost to 90 or something.
So that's going to take a lot of the grinding time out.
So it's going to kind of quickly, you know, it's going to make the game go a little bit
quicker for you.
So I don't know if that's, you know, a great thing.
So many of those people have so many alts already at 90 because of Pandaria's drought.
I think they're probably not as worried about it.
I think it's interesting though that out of 10 million subscribers, only 3.3 million bought
the expansion.
But one thing to consider that number is from the first 24 hours or something like that.
And it doesn't include China, which you probably can figure half those subscribers in the 10
million are China, Asia, and other regions that don't have that expansion yet.
So 3.3 out of 5 million makes a lot more sense because I know not everybody jumps on board
with the expansion.
And also not everyone's going to jump aboard the first 24 hours and people got to wait
for paychecks.
Exactly, exactly.
So that makes a lot more sense.
And you consider that.
But when I first heard there's numbers, I was like, why did only a third of the players
buy the expansion?
Oh, it didn't come out in China at the same time.
Got it.
So yeah, wow, it looks like the expansion is doing very well for them.
If you really want to push me over the edge, Blizzard, because here I am looking, all my
friends are playing, wow, maybe I should play some wow.
Tell me what the patches are going to look like and what there is to look forward to
and what my money's really going to end up buying.
Because if you can kind of get that one, I don't know what it is that would be that key
thing that would bring me back.
Maybe that level syncing I've always talked about.
I don't know why they don't do it.
Or maybe more five man dungeons will get me really excited.
That's probably going to send me over the edge and I'll do it.
I'll go back to wow.
I don't know what exactly is happening with Warlords of Draenor.
I haven't watched any trailers.
I haven't really heard anybody talk about it to me because I'm not interested in wow.
But have they talked about some of the ways that this expansion is going to be different
from the last couple of expansions that they've had?
Last few?
They've been pushing like the garrisons, which is, you know, the new, it's their new profession
basically, but they don't frame it as a profession, but you know, the garrisons and it's a return.
It's let's do the time warp again, because they're going back to Burning Crusade to fix
a timeline or something like that.
So it's, you know, a whole time travel thing that they're doing.
And then they simply took a lot of talents out is my understanding.
Now Blizzard had to simplify their own MMO to make it more accessible.
But you know what?
That's good.
They were just getting too disparate with their stuff.
And that's kind of what I mean is not in terms of what they're adding, but like how they're
making the gameplay experience different from what were very mediocre expansions.
And they did the squish, the item squish.
Yeah.
That happened.
So now, you know, the math and all that isn't so obscene with how much stats everything
was.
But I haven't heard a lot about PvP.
I didn't hear about any new Battlegrounds or anything like that.
But one thing Pandaria did have like two or three new Battlegrounds.
There's a lot of Battlegrounds in WoW.
I kind of miss them.
Like I actually really enjoyed the PvP game in WoW, which is weird because I don't usually
super get into PvP, but some of those Battlegrounds are really fun.
Like I know you hated it, but I loved Isle of Conquest, which is a lot of fun.
That new one they put in really wasn't bad.
I don't remember the name of it.
It was the very last one they did.
The Goblin Mines or something.
No, there was a Goblin Mine.
That was one.
Then there was like another one.
Anyway.
Sorry.
It's been a while.
But yeah, there's a lot of fun PvP in there.
Right.
I mean, they don't need to change anything really with their Battlegrounds.
I feel like.
I mean, they can stop making new ones.
I mean, the people that like for me, when I was PvPing, I did Gulch all the time.
I sometimes did Basin.
I don't need them to reinvent the wheel for me.
I'm playing them because I like it how it is.
And it doesn't get old for me because it's playing against other people that's making
it new every time.
So I don't know.
Yeah.
And like as much as I love Final Fantasy 14, it really doesn't have a strong PvP game right
now.
They have like one arena and they have something called Cartno Flats or Frontlines, which is
sort of Arathi Basin, sort of.
But the weird twist on Final Fantasy 14 is that it's three factions, not two.
So it's everything is now is like 3v3 or whatever you call it.
Right.
Kind of puts a new twist on it.
Interesting.
Very interesting.
So, I mean, a lot of the PvPers are just they're playing the MOBAs now, so they don't really
need that from WoW.
Rama in our chat is asking, wait, when did this become WoW Lounge Radio?
Hey, you know what?
Because 10 million people are playing World of Warcraft right now.
It's kind of big news.
What happens when you miss an episode of...
Take an episode of Warhouse off.
All right.
All right.
Look, you want to hear consoles?
I'll tell you consoles.
Here's the thing.
Your Sony information is safe.
That's the news.
There was news out there that apparently about 2,000 PlayStation Network logins had been
hacked.
But Sony has responded saying, we've investigated the claims that our network was breached and
have found no evidence that there was any intrusion into our network.
Unfortunately, Internet fraud, including phishing and password matching, are realities that
consumers and online networks face on a regular basis.
We take these reports very seriously and continue to monitor our network closely.
Apparently, a group did take responsibility finally for, speaking of World of Warcraft,
the denial of service attacks that were happening on Warcraft and Final Fantasy XIV were also
claiming to have obtained this information.
But Sony saying there is no...
Move along.
Nothing to see here.
That's what Sony is saying.
I still think this is just a good reminder.
Use a different password on these technical sites than you would use in other places.
Because this Sony, Blizzard, Square Enix now, apparently, Microsoft, all of them are
targets.
And two-step authentication when you can.
When you can have two-step authentication, absolutely.
Your email is a must.
Because if somebody gets control of your email, that's it.
You're done.
They can get anything else.
Your banking, whatever else.
Get two-step authentication on your email if nothing else.
So just a friendly little reminder from us here at Orange Launch Radio, because we don't
want dickbags to steal your information.
Your information is important to us.
Thanks, Rob.
You're welcome.
Anytime.
That's what we're here.
We're your friends.
Loki.
So this is pretty sweet.
There's a new Kickstarter.
Yeah, I know.
Another Kickstarter for another game.
But this is awesome because it's Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick.
They're doing a brand new Maniac Mansion-style adventure game, and it looks straight up like
Maniac Mansion.
I mean, the old-school LucasArts point-and-click adventure game.
It's called Thimbleweed Park, and it's Brainiac Branchin'.
It looks awesome.
So go check it out.
They're going to pretty much hit their funding.
They're already at $355,000 of their $375,000 goal, and they have 24 days to go, so there's
pretty much no chance that they're not going to.
It's going to happen.
Interesting.
People really longing for those 2D adventure games.
I remember at some point people tried to say that genre was dead, and then Telltale
puts out all these award-winning games, and fans are doing these 2D.
This genre is not dead.
People still love this stuff.
Just the art style and everything looks just like...
It's straight up out of the 90s.
They even have a little animated image here.
It looks like they'll use balloon animal with corpse.
You can try all those things, and it's awesome.
And who wouldn't try to use a balloon animal with a corpse, really?
This is getting into awkward time.
It's pretty awesome, and some of the rewards.
Let's see here what they're giving away.
$20 gets you the game.
If you want to spend more than $20, it looks like $30, or $25.
$25 is the I-pirated maniac mansion in Monkey Island when I was a kid, and I feel bad.
This reward tier instantly absolves you of all guilt, including the theming part game.
That's kind of funny.
Subsequent tiers also include guilt absolution.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.
Looking at our chat, Dungeon Buster says, CinnaWear is also doing a Kickstarter for
an HD version of Rocket Ranger with new gameplay bits.
Just tell me when they start Kickstarting a new Legend of Chirandia, all right?
Seriously, that would be awesome.
Game Guru says, donate to this game or the hamster gets microwaved.
That was my favorite part.
Yep.
Oh boy.
That's awesome.
That's a dark place.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, I think people just desire the old days where that quote, not the greatest
game of all time, Super Metroid ruled.
Why did you put that in quotes that it's not the greatest game of all time?
Because it is the greatest game of all time.
Who would dare argue with that sound logic?
It's because games like Maniac Mansion and Secret of Monkey Island and stuff are just
timeless.
They're just greatly written games.
And also, even though that one bullet point was supposed to be funny about the piracy,
it really unveiled it there.
Absolve yourself of the guilt from being a kid.
Hey, kid.
Now that you have a job to make money, give me your money.
Right.
Right.
I mean, that's a big part of it.
It's stuff we remember.
Hey, back in those days, it was difficult to pirate games.
You had to rip apart those disks.
And I'm not talking about the actual floppy disks.
I'm talking about the code disks that you had to turn and match up the phrases in order
to photocopy this.
Or I had to call my friend and be like, all right, get out the box.
Turn to page 24.
All right.
What's the third word in the second paragraph?
You know what we're talking about, though?
Come on.
I do.
I do.
That's why I say it.
Or one of my favorites was covert action, where it was like, you had the page of the
mugshots and you had to be like, which one is this operative?
And if you get it wrong, the game would be like super hard.
You can do anything in it and make good times with copy protection.
Good times.
Do you have any copy protection memories?
No.
Moving right along.
Space Quest 4, I remember.
And because I actually did buy the game and I had the manual and sometimes I'd still get
it wrong.
Mine was Leisure Suit Larry, the remake that they did, because you had to answer trivia
questions to get into the game.
And they were quite...
It wasn't really copy protection, but it was making sure you were of age.
And so it would ask you questions that only somebody in their 20s or 30s know the answers
to.
But we got them all right.
We'd be like 13.
We get them all right.
It's like, yeah, we're going to see some pixelated titties.
Why were you excited?
I don't know, because everybody likes titties.
Yeah, pixel tits.
That'll be the sequel.
At the top of part B, by the way, I've got to ask you about last week's show and this
whole pixel shit phenomenon, but we'll save that for later.
Anyway, let's get into another story, and this one is about the game Evolve, which a
lot of people are looking forward to.
This is that whole four versus one game.
Lots of people looking forward to this.
And some folks are going to be very happy to hear that DLC maps in Evolve, they will
be available for free.
And this is to ensure that you don't have one person who doesn't have the maps.
They're not able to play multiplayer matches with other people or getting kicked out of
public rooms because they don't have a certain map.
So they just decided, you know what, we're going to make the maps free.
So that's always nice to hear about free DLC.
But just so you know, Evolve will have some other pay DLC.
For example, you're going to have characters and monsters that are pay DLC.
But the good news is, even if you didn't buy them, if your friend did, you'll be able to
play against them.
And that's alright.
I mean, we were playing Mario Kart 8, I didn't even talk about it during the game, we were
playing Mario Kart 8 with Extrovert online, right?
He has not bought the DLC pack.
We were able to still pick Tanooki, Mario, and Zelda, and Link from Zelda, and he was
able to see them in the race.
We couldn't do the new tracks, but we could do the new characters.
So it's kind of like something similar with that.
So, yeah.
Alright.
Good times.
Good times.
So that is Evolve and DLC.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange on Radio at bognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, pumpkin.
Alright, we are going to now travel around the world and check out some release dates
and see what is coming to a gaming store near you.
Ah, well after last week, you would think that there would be a ton.
But no.
Actually, it's died down to nothing again.
We're back in the drought, thankfully.
So this week, we have Akiba's trip undead and undressed for PlayStation 4, which I'm
actually thinking about picking up, because, I don't know, I need more PlayStation 4 games.
Maybe I should get Far Cry instead.
Persona Q, Shadow of the Labyrinth on 3DS, and that's literally it.
Just those two games.
I guess it's slowing down a little bit now.
Quite a bit, yeah.
Once we get into December, it's going to be dead.
Yeah.
Geometry Wars is the big thing I'm looking forward to this week, but that's all online.
Yeah.
Right.
Which, if we go over to Europe, I'll do this out of order here a little bit.
We'll go to Europe and look at the releases there.
In fact, Geometry Wars is out this week on the 26th on the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox
360, and PlayStation 3.
LittleBigPlanet gets its release overseas in the UK, also on the 26th of November.
On the 27th of November, Raven's Cry hits the Mac and PC platforms, and the delayed
for Europe, Pokemon Alpha Sapphire and Pokemon Omega Ruby make their way on the 28th of November.
That was the slap on the hand to the entire country for leaking X and Y earlier.
Remember that?
X and Y got leaked early in Europe, and it was a Europe store that had put it, so Nintendo
punished the whole country by putting it out a week later there.
So that'll teach you to leak a game early.
Do not fuck with them, man.
They're a force to be reckoned with.
I know a lot of players overseas eagerly awaiting that.
Let's talk about Japan.
Dragon Age Inquisition gets its Japanese release on the PlayStation 4.
I don't know if that's localized or if that's with, like, subtitles or something.
It doesn't really say.
I would imagine this is a subtitled version, but it is available for the PlayStation 4
in regular and deluxe edition on November 27th.
Simply Series G4U Volume 1, the Mahjong, is also out on November 27th, because I know
y'all love Mahjong.
Little Big Planet 3, oops, sorry, that is somehow a Europe date snuck its way on my
list there.
But NBA 2K15 is something you can check out in Japan also on November 27th.
Many of those same games on the Xbox One this week, including Dragon Age Inquisition
and NBA 2K15.
Microsoft Xbox One's edition comes out on a disc version in Japan this week.
There's also some new game pads, some black and blue Hori pads if you want to check those
out in Japan.
On the PlayStation 3 this week, Biohazard HD Remaster, which of course is Resident Evil,
that is releasing this week.
There's also a collector's package and something called an eCapcom Complete Edition.
Dragon Age Inquisition also on the PlayStation 3.
I had no idea that Inquisition was also on last generation's consoles.
That blew me away.
If it's buggy on the new ones, I can only imagine what the old ones look like, sorry.
Buyer beware.
Let's see, on the Xbox 360, Dragon Age Inquisition, as well as Sakura Flamingo Archives.
Your guess is as good as mine as to what that's on, like Flamingo Festival, I don't know.
On the Wii U this week, Gotouchi Setsudo, Gotouchi Chara no Nihon Zenkoku no Tabi comes
out this week, which is, I'm trying to see if this is a series I recognize.
This looks like a Mario Party-esque kind of game, but these are not characters I recognize,
so it might be tied into like a Japanese TV show or something like that.
Oh, they have a little trailer, I did not realize that.
Let's take a look.
Yeah, it's...
It's always better when you yell it, that's right.
There's like trains in Japan.
Yeah, it's Mario Party, that's what it is basically.
All right, so that is what you have to look forward to on the Wii U this week.
So there you go with the releases.
We're going to get into a few more stories here in the classic game of the week, but
I thought I would say hello to, just walked into the studio here.
Hello Jonas, welcome back.
Hello.
You're here again.
I'm going to start charging, I'm just kidding.
How you doing?
I actually did fine, sorry, I came in a little later than expected.
That's fine, it happens.
Big game release week, right?
Oh yeah, that would be busy.
So I'm thinking you've probably had a chance to check out Super Smash Brothers on the Wii
U?
Yep.
What'd you think?
So far so good, I mean, I like it so far.
Are you getting excited about implementing this at anime conventions, because, you know,
for those that...
That's pretty much my whole email bucket.
Oh really?
Yes.
So when you check the emails for the teabaggers, the big anime game room, when's the Smash
Tournament?
They're asking about that.
It's still to be announced, we'll probably announce it in a week or two, when we get
all the schedules finalized for SacAnime.
Have you played around with the, oh that's right, because SacAnime is, what, the first
weekend of January, right?
January 2nd to the 4th.
Wow.
Oh my gosh.
No time after the holidays.
No time.
You're gonna hit the ground running, it's time for an anime con.
Amiibos.
Have you had a chance to play around with that at all?
I haven't had the time to test out Amiibos, unfortunately.
Yeah?
Well you know, like, people can level up characters that learn their own stuff.
So my question is, are you gonna have a contest where it's just Amiibo versus Amiibo?
That would be pretty cool.
That might be kinda interesting.
Amiibo versus Amiibo.
Right now we're thinking about it, but we wanna test the waters first.
Okay.
Because we don't wanna overwhelm, like let's say, for instance, oh we're gonna throw an
Amiibo contest, and guess what, 128 people show up and you know how long that will take.
Yeah, that's true, that's a good point.
We wanna play a little safer.
8 player smash, if that's the case.
8 player smash.
You better be here 5 minutes before your timer, you're out, buddy.
And from what I've heard, you might as well get those 4 player adapters, or at least two
of them, if you want 8 players as soon as possible, because those prices are gonna skyrocket.
If you have not already bought the GameCube adapters, you better be prepared to put out
on eBay.
To buy one.
Or just put out.
Or just put out, because they're gone.
They are gone.
Unless Nintendo, kind and benevolent, does a reprinting.
Oh no, they'll do a reprinting.
For the adapter that works with one fucking game.
Oh no, they'll do a reprinting of course.
And guess who we'll be exclusive to.
Don't you dare.
Bite your tongue.
Just in time for GameCube games coming to Virtual Console.
That would be-
That would triple the cost too, by the way.
That would be, yeah, that would be why.
Then they'll release a bundle where it's like, you get this, and a code to get Super Mario
Sunshine.
Adapter, get.
But, I think those adapters are not like 100 bucks, it went from like 20 dollars to 100.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Please don't, please don't pay those prices on eBay, you don't need a GameCube controller
that bad.
You do not.
If you can't fucking play Smash with the fucking giant control, you know what, then maybe you're
just bad at Smash.
Like, I'm just gonna say it.
I'm just gonna say it.
If you're that reliant on a GameCube controller, maybe your skills aren't that good.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Come at me.
Come at me.
And also, if you really, if you don't want to spend 100 bucks, you have to find the places
that actually still have it.
Yeah.
Which you won't.
Good luck with that.
Yeah, exactly.
You won't.
Alright.
Of course, of course, Pokemon's also taking my time too, unfortunately.
Alright, ST-100 Matt saying, don't say it, Loki.
Don't say it.
Do not.
Don't you dare.
Alright, Jonas, we'll be checking in with you again as we move on with the show here,
and feel free to chime in if you have anything to say on the news as we move on with some
more news.
Loki.
Yes, because it wouldn't be the GameCube without an evil G in there.
Alright, anyways.
So, let's talk about the Game Wars, because hey, that's right around the corner, isn't
it?
Remember the whole independent game?
Well, it's not on Spike anymore, but there's a surprise for having an awards ceremony next
month.
Yes, and they have nominees from each category, and here's the full list, so we'll just go
over some brief ones here.
Best online experience.
Call of Duty, Dark Souls 2, Destiny, Hearthstone, or Titanfall.
Hearthstone's going to be a tough one, considering how the launch was.
But whatever.
You're thinking World of Warcraft.
Hearthstone's fine.
Hearthstone doesn't have any bugs.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yes, you're right.
I'm thinking World of Warcraft.
Yeah, Hearthstone's fine.
Best family game.
Disney Infinity 2.0, Fantasia, Mario Kart 8, Skylanders, or Tomodachi Life.
I think Mario Kart 8's got that in the bag.
Best sports slash racing game, FIFA 15, Forza Horizon 2, Mario Kart 8, Mario Kart 8 again,
NBA 2K15, and Trials Fusion.
Get to the big stuff.
No one cares about these piddly categories.
All right, let's see here.
Game of the Year.
There we go.
Bayonetta 2, Dark Souls 2, Dragon Age Inquisition, Hearthstone, or Middle-Earth Shadow of Mordor.
That's kind of a weird culmination, I have to say.
And of course, the entire internet piping up on where's this?
Where's Smash Brothers?
Where's Shovel Knight?
Nobody's happy with this final result.
But I think it does beg a good question.
How did they come up with this list?
And there's a jury or something, right?
That's all these random men, because I don't think there was a single woman on it.
There's all these men, maybe one.
Is there ever a one on these panels?
Good question.
But anyway, on the jury.
And then there also was a page that showed all the, I don't know if they were sponsors
or partners or something like that.
Like Ubisoft's one of them.
And so the one that struck me as really interesting, do you have the nominees for Studio of the
Year?
I'm sorry, I have to say something on this.
Is it Developer of the Year?
Yeah, Developer of the Year.
Blizzard Entertainment, Monolith.
Okay, let's stop and go over each one as we go.
So Blizzard Entertainment, which obviously the behemoth of Hearthstone, Heroes of the
Storm doing great for them, World of Warcraft, everybody's playing WoW games.
Maybe not so great with the launch, but they're having a good year otherwise.
Monolith Productions.
Monolith Productions, they made, what am I thinking?
They do Wii games, right?
Didn't they do Xenoblade, but Xenoblade wasn't this year.
That's why I'm like, wait a minute, that can't be the game they were nominated for.
What's the big game that they did this year?
They didn't do Bayonetta.
I don't know.
Nintendo.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
No, no, no, somebody's got to answer this question.
Why is Monolith on the list?
Nobody knows.
I guess all the hype for Xenoblade for next year.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
No, there's Monolith and there's Monolith Soft.
And we're thinking Monolith Soft, right?
No, this is Monolith Productions.
That's why.
Monolith Productions.
Okay, that's why.
Because, okay.
I'm like, what the hell did they do?
Okay, Monolith Productions did Shadows of Mordor.
So that's why they're on the list.
Okay.
Nintendo.
Okay, which, you know, Nintendo did Mario Kart and Nintendo games.
Telltale games.
Which I was like, wait a minute, Tales from the Borderlands isn't out yet, but the Fable
game, Wolf Among Us has been very well received.
So I can see that.
In Ubisoft Montreal.
And they're one of the sponsors?
Hold on.
Hold on.
Not only is Ubisoft one of the sponsors, what games did Ubisoft make this year, specifically
Assassin's Creed Unity?
Assassin's Creed Unity.
Which now, to be fair, I talked earlier in the show about how, wait a minute, wait a
minute.
If we're going to razz Assassin's Creed Unity, we got to do a little razzing on Dragon Age
Inquisition as well, but still, the studio that was infamous this year for a comment
about what they can and they can't render, you know, that whole thing, I'm just, I'm
very surprised that they're on the list when, you know, maybe, I don't, maybe Yacht Club
Games who made Shovel Knight, who's basically kind of, you know, the Kickstarter phenomenon,
they kind of personify, I don't, maybe would be.
They also made Far Cry 4, but then again, they also made Watch Dogs, so.
Oh, oh, oh, the studio that had the E3 footage that didn't match the final game.
I'm not sure if that's, I don't think that studio did all three of those games.
I think that they're just kind of lumping all this stuff together, because it wasn't
all Ubisoft, Ubisoft Montreal was in every fucking game that came out from Ubisoft this
year.
There's no way that that was the case.
I just, unfortunately, I think the information I was looking at was lumping everything together.
I just, I'm sorry, I just, I would like to know who on the jury actually wrote that down
on the paper, like, because all these people that are on the jury are the same, and this
is the thing, if, like, if you're an Assassin's Creed fan and you're like, Rob, stop fucking
picking on this game, here's the thing, this is my point, this jury is made up of all these
people that are in the industry, right, who all gave that game shit.
Like the reviews across the board have been harping on the same thing, yet those same
people ended up nominating for Studio of the Year?
Maybe it's a joke.
I don't know.
Just something doesn't add up.
Satire?
Something doesn't add up.
That's all I'm saying.
Okay, and then, let's see what else here.
Best independent games, Broken Age Act 1, Monument Valley, Shovel Knight, Transistor,
and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.
And Assassin's Creed Unity.
Now, Dungeon Buster points out that Ubisoft Montreal also did Child of Light, and that
was, that was a pretty good game.
Like, I don't know, I don't know if I would look back on, like, that was, wow, that was
one of the year's best, but that was a good game.
Okay, come on, come on, this is a little ridiculous.
Best fighting game.
All right, Killer Instinct Season 2.
Okay.
War Arena Ultimax.
Okay.
Super Smash Bros. for 3DS.
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U, and Ultra Street Fighter IV.
That's a little...
Was it a slim year for fighting games?
I mean...
Apparently.
What came out this...
Yeah, that's pretty much all, pretty much all that came out, really, because a lot of
the games are being delayed for next year.
So it's been a really slow year for fighting games.
Well, then, here's a thought.
You know, just throw this out there.
So Smash Bros. did get nominated.
It just...
I'm just throwing this out there.
Here's the thought.
If you don't have enough entries for a category, don't do that category.
Or you cut the number of nominees.
That's what the Oscars does.
If there's not enough nominees for, like, best animated picture, then they only have
three nominees.
Right.
Anyway.
I'm just...
There's a lot of question marks with this, and no award show's gonna be perfect.
And I suppose here we are buying into it, because we're talking about, you know, that's
what it is.
It's buzzed or whatever.
But I'm kind of looking at this already going, this thing's got problems, and I don't think
I'm gonna be watching.
Right.
It's a little sloppy.
Best action adventure game.
Yeah.
Fighting game of the year.
Yeah, they can't really say much, because there's only five games around that really
just came out.
Everything else either came out years before, or coming out next year.
That's the thing.
Also, some of these games that just came out, like, literally Friday, it's like, oh, game
of the year already.
It's like, okay.
Right.
I'll cut them slack on that, because press would have access to early copies of the games
so they can write their reviews.
So I would imagine that the people on this jury were pretty well seasoned in the games
coming out this month because of their review copies.
And also, not to be a dick about this, but why the hell are people doing game of the
years when the year is still going on, even if you get the early copies?
To be fair, the Grammys do a similar thing.
And everybody respects the Grammys for some reason, which, if there's one award show that's
worse than any of this, it's the Grammys.
Seriously.
I'm just calling people out tonight.
The Grammys are awful.
If you really think about it, the Grammys are horrible.
They are the worst of all the award shows.
They really are.
Do they ever pick a good song to win for the year?
Ever?
I don't watch them.
It is what it is, okay?
It's a giant circle jerk.
That's all this is.
I mean, who cares?
Who cares if someone says Ubisoft's Assassin's Creed Unity is the game of the year?
If you don't think that, then who cares?
It doesn't fucking matter.
It doesn't matter.
It's another sticker or label that goes on the cover of their game of the year edition.
I'll come out next year.
Oh, right.
Vitpower in our chat says, I'll be at the game awards in the audience.
Well, sir, I want a man on the street report from you.
I want to hear about it all.
I want to hear how it goes, how your experience is, and all that.
Because if you have a great time, that's all that really matters, right?
These awards are da-da-da-da-da.
They have really good performances.
If they have some games maybe available in the lobby for you to play, some other fun
things, then all this is for naught, right?
So I hope you do have a fun time at the show.
But it's still a stupid award show, is what Rob is trying to tell you.
I hope Kevin Spacey wins her best performance, because he was fucking awesome calling the
duty.
Yeah, game of the year.
Because it's Kevin Spacey.
Too early.
Right.
Especially with, again, back to the game of the year things, because if you do a game
of the year, what if a patch came out that fixes, let's say it says it's a great unity,
ooh, it kicks ass, it fixes all the bugs, everyone wants to play it now, kind of thing.
Good point.
Yeah.
Good point.
And then all my hating is for naught, but all those other people do.
Let's say the patch was released December 31st, it fixes every problem that you said
in the radio show, and you play as like, oh my God, now this is game of the year.
Well, it was ineligible.
Like the Grammys run, I think it's October through October.
Like the Grammys aren't really the year.
The Grammys only run to October.
That's why weird shit wins.
Like you'll be hearing about who won the Grammys and you're like, that fucking thing came out
like last October.
Why is it winning now?
And it's because of the weird eligibility window.
Yeah.
The reason why I bring that up, because the game of the year is not over, there's still
things and updates as will still go on.
Once it hits January 1st, okay, now you can say, oh, now game of the year.
Because at that time we're in the new year and okay, we're expecting new stuff.
So anything that gets released like 2015, that now belongs in the 2015 categories.
Sg100matt saying, oh snap, Rob is going after the award show, Loki Rants style.
And Kaijuto says the Grammys pick real artists.
They don't always pick mainstream.
Grammys are legit.
Three words for you, best new artist.
Look up the history of that category.
And I'm not just talking about who wins, but who gets nominated because you look at that
category and you go, the fuck?
Anyway, and, and, and, which is honestly an award they shouldn't even give out.
This is not a show about music, it's a show about games, but I'm just saying the Grammys,
they're awful.
Let's be honest.
Okay.
The real reason that you would watch this show, at least in the past, the reason I watched
this show is because of the trailers that for the new games that aren't even out yet.
New trailers is really why I want to watch the show and I hope they have new trailers.
I hope we have another trailer for No Man's Sky because that's a game I really want.
Some announcements would be really cool too.
Like maybe Nintendo will drop an announcement of something that's going to be in the first
part of next year that we don't know about yet.
It's plausible.
Why not?
So we'll see.
Reggie Reggie's face was on the site somewhere when he's one of the guys contributing.
I don't know.
Speaking of Nintendo, uh, this is a pretty cool, uh, turn of events here.
And I don't know if there's a lot, a lot of details on this because it, I think it happened
out of an event in Japan, uh, that's being reported on.
However, a word on the wire is that Satoru Iwata, a president of Nintendo said that fans
can now use company's properties for a number of different things such as let's play videos,
which I, that's where I start to go.
Wait a minute.
Did they really say that?
Uh, fan art and much more.
They will be joining the creative endorsement program, which rewards folks that get work
that is popular and well received in Japan.
Uh, they will be sponsoring the Toki, Toki, I don't know how to pronounce that.
I'm sorry.
Game party.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Which takes place early next year.
Yeah.
A little bit clarification though.
Okay.
Apparently I knew there had to be something with it.
Yeah.
There's, there's a new, new bit of information.
So apparently not everything is allowed and this only applies to Japan.
So they're saying that, um, you know, they announced on the stream of videos featuring
their games properties upload to Nico video that JP is allowed.
Um, it says, uh, so far they've acknowledged it for let's plays game music covers and fan
art, nothing else under the creative endorsement program from Nico video.
So it's only for that one site.
It's only for Japan.
Okay.
Okay.
So I knew there had to be a little twist in here somewhere.
So good to know.
Thank you.
So yeah, unfortunately that's not the case.
So you can't go and profit off all their stuff on, you can't, you can't go make that fan
Mario game that you're planning on doing or making, you know, whatever.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Project project M is still illegal.
Sorry.
That's a good point.
All right.
Let's try, let's go back in time to a more classic time in games.
Let's go back.
You didn't have like fricking patches that, that changed the game completely.
Well, unless it was like the translation patch for second dead sets at two, three, like maybe
that was the thing.
But anyway, uh, we go back to a simple time.
Actually tonight's pick goes way, way, way, way, way back further than that.
Tonight's pick goes back to 1984.
It is the classic game of the week where usually dark Sakura jumps into the gaming ball and
picks the game that she thinks, Hey, you should be playing this game this week.
And since dark Sakura isn't here, guess who's picking the game?
Me.
Wow.
So tonight I have picked a game that was on a multitude of different platforms, but of
course I remember it most fondly from the Commodore 64.
And it's because of those sweet, sweet chip tunes.
And I think all I have to do is play the intro song for you guys to know this game.
Looks like they said the name of it in the intro or something.
Exactly.
That's right.
Tonight I'm going to talk about Ghostbusters, specifically the 1984 edition.
Let me skip ahead to some actual gameplay here in the video.
Okay.
So I'm going to talk about Ghostbusters from 1984 because there were several different
additions of Ghostbusters games, but this is the, really the classic one that I remember
from being a kid like this, this was the stuff that like I went to the store and I saw this
on like the demo computer and like, I lost my mind because this game looks so awesome.
And did you, Irene, you grew up on Commodore 64.
Did you ever play this?
I played this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was so fun.
Fucking awesome.
Like there really wasn't anything like it.
Now they did.
They did port it to other platforms.
It wasn't just on the Commodore 64.
It was on the Atari 2600.
It was also on the Sega master system, but it was kind of a crappy port and it was also
on the NES.
Also a crappy port.
That's why I picked the Commodore 64 version, which is a little more true to the original.
This is a game by the infamous David Crane, and that's also part of what made this game
special.
And if you don't know that name, like all the great Atari classics were David Crane.
He made Pitfall, Pitfall 2, Kaboom, like back when Activision was like almost like an indie
developer studio.
Is that music too loud?
I'm sorry.
Let me turn it down a little bit.
Although the chip tune is so awesome, right?
It's totally fine if it is.
I know exactly.
It's like part of the game right there.
So anyway, he made all those games.
He also made this game.
Now Crane wrote the game in six weeks and it was the Commodore 64 version that he wrote
and I believe the Atari 800 game he also wrote as well.
He had made the game based off a concept he had called Car Wars, where you had automobiles
in a city which led to the driving sequences that were present in the game, where as you
were driving from building to building, you could suck up ghosts in the ghost vacuum that
you would attach to your car.
Yes, this is all a thing.
Okay.
It was the 80s.
And if you ever saw the Ghostbusters movie, some of this stuff was in the movie as well.
So you could suck up the ghosts and so forth.
Now Activision had the license to Ghostbusters to do a movie there and then Crane watched
the film after doing the game.
So he was already done with the game before he even saw the film.
So he wished he could have done a better victory screen and so forth, but he wasn't able to
do that.
I'm assuming he had to know some things about the game though, because the Marshmallow Man's
in it.
Yeah.
You wouldn't know about the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man once you've seen the movie.
Anyway.
Of course.
The game was also ported to the Spectrum, the Amstrad, the MSX, and oh my gosh.
So in the game, you pick from one of four cars with your bank money that you have, but
the funny thing is you can't afford the fourth car with the money you start with, and there's
a reason why.
We'll get into that later.
So you have to stock up your car and then you drive around the city and buildings will
get attacked by ghosts and you use the streams, but don't cross them, you use the streams
to try and lure the ghost into the trap and then you fire the trap and get the ghost.
And then that is how you basically get money that you save up and I think you also affect
the energy meter and you don't want the energy meter to get past a certain point or you won't
be able to get past the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man who comes out late in the game.
And then at the very, very end of the game, you have to sneak by the Stay Puft Marshmallow
Man to get to the top of the building where the game comes to a conclusion.
Now other versions of the game, the NES version and I believe the Sega Master System game
had like a level where you actually climbed up the building when you got to the very end
of the game.
I don't believe that was in the original version.
So yeah.
And also this game is infamous.
The NES version was actually ported by a Japanese developer and they had some really bad Engrish
at the end of the game because the ending screen says, congratulation, you have completed
a great game and proved with two O's the justice of our culture.
Now go and rest our heroes.
That was literally the end game screen in Ghostbusters on the NES.
You see this text in a later Ghostbusters video game as an Easter egg.
It's like in the background hiding somewhere.
So yeah.
Anyway, this game was huge.
In fact, it was so huge.
It was one of the most pirated Commodore 64 games of its day.
This and the print shop were two of the most pirated titles.
I swear to God.
I'm reading it right here.
The print shop and Ghostbusters were two of the biggest pirated Commodore 64 programs
in 1985.
So there it is.
So yeah, apparently an enhanced remake of the spectrum version was released as freeware
for the PC in 2006.
I did not realize this.
I'll have to check that out at some point.
So yeah, that's Ghostbusters 1984.
My pick for classic game of the week.
Irene, any memories with this game?
Not really.
I didn't play it very much.
But you know what else David Crane made that should be featured as a classic game of the
week?
I will write that down and send it to Dark Soccer for consideration.
It's on the NES and it involves a certain person feeding another person a certain kind
of candy.
Oh, yes.
You know what I'm talking about.
That's right.
All right.
Okay.
Feeding the jelly beans.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yes, exactly.
That was a David Crane game.
That was because it always said David Crane's title of the game.
That guy was in this.
All right.
Yeah.
Anyway, good game.
Good game.
Yeah.
Oh, and I didn't mention this, but at the end of the game, once you beat it, you get
a passcode that you use the same name the next time and you start with as much money
as you finish the game with at the end.
This allows you to buy the more powerful car and some of the more powerful enhancements
for the vehicle later, so you can, I guess, do speed runs and shit.
I don't know.
So there it is.
Loki, did you ever play this?
This seems like the type of thing you would have lost a few hours on.
I'm pretty sure.
I've played it.
I don't remember which version I've played, but I've played it.
I know I've played it.
Probably the Atari 2600 version looked a lot like this, except the buildings were just
solid colors.
Right.
Because you have a green square that would flash red.
I may have played the NES version.
Yeah?
Conglaturation.
Can you prove that?
All right.
Dungeon Buster says the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man is insanely tough to sneak past in that
version as well.
Talking about the remake.
Apparently it's hard to find because the main page hosting it was abandoned there.
So very interesting.
Dungeon Buster says you usually had to start with a Volkswagen Bug as your first Ecto.
That's right.
That's right.
Or there was that big, the big white car.
Is it a hearse?
I don't know.
I use that a lot too.
I think so.
Yeah.
So there it is.
Classic Game of the Week.
Ghostbusters on the Commodore 64 and a host of other platforms as well.
Good times.
Did you like that pick?
Yeah, absolutely.
I liked that pick.
It was a good pick.
Solid pick.
There it is.
Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Soccer will be back next week to pick a new game for you guys.
I'm sure she'll still be on her.
What's her kick that she's on now?
Capcom arcade games?
Or Sega arcade games?
One of the two.
I don't remember.
One of the two.
But there you go.
I have to break her streak.
She's never going to pick Commodore 64 games.
Why?
Because she didn't really grow up with it the way I did.
She's just picking CPS3 games now?
I think she's on CPS3 games or something.
But anyway.
She does pick a lot of obscure stuff though.
I think we complement each other well because she picks games that I've never played.
And I'm sure she...
Well, she probably played the Ghostbusters game to be fair.
That was kind of everywhere.
It is a popular game.
She probably did play that one.
But some of the other ones.
I almost did Last Ninja tonight.
She probably never played that.
Really?
Yeah.
If you didn't own a Commodore 64 you didn't really have a way to play it.
That's true.
Yeah.
I appreciate that you're showing Commodore 64 some love.
I'm trying.
I'm trying.
Here.
Jonas approves Commodore 64 love.
Did you grow up on Commodore 64?
No.
You kind of missed that.
I don't think I was born.
1984 I was like one years old.
Yeah.
You're a little young.
Here's the thing.
I didn't grow up on a Commodore 64.
I had a Commodore 64 when I was like 14.
So it was like in the 90s because we were poor and we're like, hey, let's get the Commodore
64.
It's like $20 from our neighbor.
I still think it was an underrated gaming console because you could do a lot of games
on it.
But anyway.
All right.
We got to take a break guys because we're running long tonight.
We want to come back and make sure we get your calls on our Skype line at Orange Lawn
Radio.
All one word.
I want to talk about that giveaway.
We're going to be giving away a copy of the Jackbox Party Pack and I'm going to tell you
how to do that at the start of the next segment and we're going to get into rapid fire news
and so much more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight on this Sunday evening, November the 23rd of 2014.
Episode number 576 of our show in progress.
Mark Stocker.
She is not here tonight.
She's at a party for her husband who's having a birthday.
But here in studio with me, Tech Master Loki, of course, as well as Princess Irene joining
us for the multi-tap podcast.
You missed a fun little part A if you're just joining us.
Irene and I had some real in-depth talk on World of Warcraft.
It'll make you miss this week's Hoard House.
And then also we talked about Ghostbusters.
We did a little bit.
What else?
And the news and all this stuff.
Also in the studio, of course, Jonas from the big anime game room, Teabagger, talking
a little bit about Smash and all the games that came out last week.
Have you had time to play anything else this week, Jonas, or just Smash?
Nope, unfortunately, because the day before I actually finished all the pump videos.
Oh, can we finally see your second place pump finish?
Is that available?
Yes, it's available online.
Oh, I need it.
I somehow missed it when it popped through on Facebook.
I didn't see it.
1080p at 60 frames a second.
Fucking Facebook not showing me.
You know how Facebook does that?
It won't show everything that a page posts on your feed.
Is it too hard to ask for a social network where I control what I see?
Yeah, Facebook's acting a little finicky over those matters.
Well, God, you should see.
We actually have had a lot of great content on vognetwork.com this week.
I will admit, we've had a bit of a drought in content, not podcasts, just the written
content that's on the site because it's an all volunteer group.
Unfortunately, we can't afford to pay people right now, but if you want writing experience
and want to try to get more exposure and write stuff, please contact me, rob at vognetwork.com.
We're always looking for more writers, not just on game content.
Actually, I'm really looking for people for movies and some other.
We have TV pretty well covered, but movies, books is another big venture I would love
to get into.
What about poetry?
If it has a geek angle, why not?
No.
So we've had a great amount of content in the past week and so forth at VOG, and I'll
post about it on Facebook and it's like 30 people reached.
And I'm like, wait a minute, we have way more people in that who like VOG network, but they
don't push it because we don't pay for it.
And because it's a link to our site, they're like, oh, this is spam.
This is spam.
I'm like, fuck you.
Yeah.
Facebook X is weird on these matters, the reach counts matter.
Yeah, it's weird.
But anyway, please do check out all the great content this week at vognetwork.com.
We have Eric from the RP Grinders podcast is reviewing games.
He just did one for Tales of R on the PlayStation Vita.
And then just today we pushed a review, John from Critical Myth reviewed Assassin's Creed
Rogue, the other Assassin's Creed game that people weren't talking about as much as the
now.
Okay.
Oh, let's talk about Rogue for a little bit.
So John did that as well.
Henry also on the Critical Myth team pushed a review of Interstellar, the movie.
And remember, it's where everybody has a voice and you can relieve a response review.
So if you read Henry's Interstellar review and you're like, I disagree, this movie I
felt so you can leave a response review and it shows right there on the page right next
to Henry's review.
So very cool.
So check that out all at vognetwork.com.
Before we get into rapid fire news, the folks over at Jackbox Games, very kind to give us
a code for the Jackbox Party Pack.
Now I can give you this code either on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One.
So whichever platform you're on, we've got a code for you if you are our big winner.
So here's how it's going to work.
We have a little contest now because this is like a $25 game.
We are going to make it work a little bit for it.
This is something a little more than previous.
So what we want you to do, one of the games in the Jackbox Party Pack, and again, thank
you to Jackbox Games for providing the codes, one of the games in the Jackbox Party Pack
is Drawful.
And in this game, you have to draw what is otherwise like a nonsensical phrase.
And all you really have is your finger and the freaking tablet.
So we would like you to submit your best drawing for Orange Lounge Radio.
Whatever it is that you associate Orange Lounge Radio with.
Maybe you're going to draw a picture of a ferret.
Maybe you're going to draw a picture of Loki screaming something.
Maybe you're going to draw, I don't know, but we want your best drawful for Orange Lounge
Radio.
Oh, but there's a twist.
Because you can only use your finger and the thing, it has to be ugly on purpose.
So we are requesting that you only use MS Paint.
So you will be deducted points if your drawing is too good.
So we want you to submit those and you can only use MS Paint.
I'm sure the Mac users are like, what about me?
Whatever the equivalent is on the Mac.
Isn't there like a paint thing built into the Mac?
You know what the equivalent is over there.
You can only use that.
You can use a brush and a text tool maybe.
I don't know.
If you use a text tool, you still don't get to use that on the phone.
You get to use a brush and one color.
That's it.
So we want your best drawful for Orange Lounge Radio.
You're going to send those to participate at orangeloungeradio.com and make sure in
the subject so we don't miss it, it says Jackbox.
So something about the Jackbox contest.
So Jackbox in the title and submit your best drawful.
Here's the beautiful part.
Dark Sakura is not here tonight.
She has no idea this is happening.
So when she opens up the mailbag next week, she's going to see these submissions.
So we will ask Dark Sakura to pick her favorite knowing these rules and that will be the
winner.
And again, please include in the email if you would prefer a copy on PlayStation 4 or
Xbox One.
So we make sure we get you the right code from our friends over at Jackbox Games.
So to summarize.
What?
What the hell?
Sorry.
I was pulling up his video.
Oh, you're looking at his pump video over there?
All right.
Look, he's looking at something over there.
So to summarize, you are going to submit your best drawful using a very simple paint program
that has a brush only.
You are going to send that to participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and you're going
to make sure the subject says Jackbox in it.
Now these are due by the next show.
So we want everybody to be able to participate, both the live listeners and the people on
the podcast feed.
So these are due by the 30th at we'll say noon Pacific time or three Eastern time that
gives us a time to go through and make sure we got a winner before the show starts.
So those are due on the 30th at noon.
So if you're listening to this after the cause I, I'm still getting contest entries
for something we gave away like two weeks ago.
Why did that guy with the really high power, you know, powered camera come up and take
a picture of your ass with it?
I don't know.
And he's just like kind of shrugs and shows like, okay, I'm doing that.
I don't know about that part.
You better watch it or I'm going to ask people to submit pictures of Jonas's ass for the
Jackbox competition.
Just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I wouldn't do that to you, buddy.
All right.
So there it is.
Uh, have fun.
Enter the competition.
It'll be fun.
All right.
Good time.
Are you going to submit Irene?
Yes.
You're not eligible.
All right.
I'm going to do it anyway.
All right.
Robert M is asking, is there a PS three version of the game?
I'm sorry there.
I believe there is a P does the PS four version work on the PS three.
Oh shit.
I'm being put on the spot.
I believe the code he gave me works for both because it's crossed by Loki.
Will you do some research for me real fast and figure out if live radio folks figure
out if the Jackbox party pack is crossed by on PlayStation three and four.
I think it is.
And if that's the case, then yes, the code will work on PS three.
So you didn't mention that also for droffle, you can't erase, maybe that's something that's
going to be a little harder to figure out if somebody did that or not.
So I guess we'll let you slide on that.
Okay.
Hmm.
What the draw?
He said it could be anything related.
Just if, if the clue was orange lounge radio, how would you draw that for somebody else
to guess?
I hope that someone draws like world of Warcraft stuff because we've been talking about tonight's
world of Warcraft.
Yeah.
Except then I'd be like, what a great picture for hort house.
It doesn't say, I don't think it is.
It might be, I don't know.
I thought he said something about PlayStation three and four being crossed by, uh, my advice
to you, if you only are on PlayStation three, enter anyway.
I will.
And if you can't use the code, I'll do my best to get you a PlayStation three one.
I bet I can get it.
So, uh, but I don't believe I can get Xbox three 60.
Sorry.
So, uh, yeah.
Sorry about that.
I should have researched that in advance, but, uh, the code I believe will work on PS
three or PS four.
So, all right.
That's a really good question.
Oh, you know what?
Stay tuned to our Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. And as soon as I know the answer, I'll
send a tweet about that.
Okay.
Uh, let's do some rapid fire news and, uh, travel around and check out some quick news.
What's been going on?
Loki.
So now with the Xbox three 60 version now free to play as well.
Defiance as a whole has finally got a free to play Defiance.
If you may not remember was the MMO that they launched was last year, maybe, no, maybe
even the year before last, um, basically tying in with a scifi TV show by the same name.
I actually played a little bit of it.
It was kind of, kind of lame, but it was all right.
I don't know.
It's worth checking out, I guess, but now that it's free, might as well check it out.
Um, I guess if you did happen to buy the game, you do get some additional goodies, including,
uh, they say a 30 day patron pass for, um, character slots and a thousand arc forge,
which since it's been so long since I played that, I don't remember what the hell any of
that means.
Um, and I guess it's all the content of through the aftermath of season two.
So it'd be worth to check out on me if it's free.
So why not?
Um, no, this is kind of funny coming out with a Kiva's trip later this week.
If you happen to stream the PlayStation four version, there's going to be some integration
with Twitch, some funny integration with Twitch.
They have chat commands that you can type in and things will happen.
For example, if you type in tourists or Gaijin, you'll summon, um, some tourists into the
game.
If you type in Gothic Lolita, you'll get a Gothic Lolita or, um, there's sounds like
scribble knots all of a sudden.
Yeah.
Like if you type in anti, yes, someone's anti will show up.
They're also saying that like, um, I guess you can do like panty jump and they'll blow
all the panties and stuff in the air.
Crazy stuff.
So I don't know, that's kind of, that sounds funny.
So um, yeah, that game's coming out of this week on PlayStation four.
So that's interesting to you.
And then, um, I guess, um, more amiibos, of course, right around the corner and more exclusive
amiibos to different locations.
So if you want to collect them all, you're going to have to go to a few different locations
and pick them up.
For example, um, they're saying that Meta Knight is going to be exclusively at Best
Buy.
Lucaro is going to be, um, in Toys R Us and Shulk of course going to GameStop.
So that's kind of lame.
Um, I don't know.
I don't like that whole idea, you know, with having the travel on.
I don't like the whole exclusivity thing, but at least they spread it around so that
not one store had one.
It could be timed exclusives because there was that issue with, I know Disney infinity
had like, you know, uh, Jack Skellington knows that GameStop for like four weeks or something
before it came out everywhere else.
So I don't know.
Um, the other thing I read was apparently the next batch of amiibos is supposed to launch
on the 14th of December.
So all those like, uh, Mega Man and that kind of stuff is supposed to be December.
All right.
Uh, just to follow up in our chat, they are saying, um, that the cross by, uh, does not
work on Jackbox party packet is not crossed by between PlayStation three and PlayStation
four.
I'm still pretty confident that I can get you a PlayStation three code if that's the
only thing you have.
So you know what?
I'm just gonna throw it out there.
I go enter.
And if you want it on PlayStation three, even if I can't get a code, I'll put my mind, I'll
buy it.
If you, if you win in your PlayStation three only, I'll buy it.
So I want everybody that, that has one of the systems to be able to participate.
So there you go, all those systems.
So be sure to specify in your entry.
All right.
Um, let's move on, uh, with some other rapid fire news here.
Uh, Mario Kart eight, some minor tweaks going in, uh, with, you know, a lot of people talking
about the DLC, but some of the lightweight racers like toad and shy guy actually
had a little bit of a tweak.
Uh, some balancing came to the 3.0 version update to lessen the collision impact with
heavier racers, because I guess when you would slam into a big fatty like Bowser or Donkey
Kong or what have you, your character would go flying.
Um, so if this didn't, is something you didn't really care for, try it again, since they
did the update, uh, a quote from the Mario Kart eight director for this update, we made
just a minor tweak to the way two players deflect when they collide with each other
up until now, when two players collided, the more lightweight racers would get knocked
too far away.
That combined with other overall elements we considered made us conclude that the lighter
racers were at a bit of a disadvantage.
If you like toad or shy guy and feel you can't win at all, go ahead and give them another
try after applying the update.
Also note that this tweak doesn't have any effect on time trials when playing solo.
All right.
Uh, let's see, Microsoft has, uh, celebrated one year of Xbox one by sending out prizes.
That's right.
Uh, they have sent out prizes, quote, selected at random to receive a special gift from us.
These various console owners, uh, some of the things you can win, uh, you can actually
win console bundles for call of duty, advanced warfare and sunset overdrive.
Guessing not too many people got those.
Uh, you can also get a one year subscription to Xbox live gold, uh, free copies of limbo
apparently are one as well, or, uh, from our call with Bobby Blackwell for, I heard it
on his show earlier tonight, you might get money for grand theft auto on the Xbox one.
So, uh, there's a variety of different things you can get in there.
I saw, yeah, I read some of the people, a lot of people got just like a free digital
poster, which is like worth nothing.
Yeah.
Or a gamer.
Thanks for nothing.
Microsoft.
Yeah.
It's almost as good as like when they gave you was a 25 cents worth of Microsoft points
for your birthday.
It's like, ah, fuck you.
Well now something to point out here is that, uh, if you are 17 or older, you've used your
console for more than 10 hours.
You're in one of the original markets for Xbox one and you made your purchase, uh, before
November 11th of this year, you're going to get the year one celebration box, which gives
you a special gamer pick and desktop background and free rentals of halo four forward until
Dawn and Dragon Ball Z battle of the gods.
Uh, you also get a sampler pack of Dragon Ball Z episodes.
So no word if you know, there's over 9,000 episodes given away or, or whatever.
All right.
I had to work in a joke.
All right.
Um, also free on the Xbox Atari game over that documentary we've talked about way too
much on this show.
Uh, the hour long feature is now available for viewing and it talks about the video game
crash of 1983.
Uh, and, uh, of course, Atari throwing away all of the et video game copies, which somebody
thought it would be fun to dig them up and sell them on eBay to people who like to buy
other people's garbage.
Uh, there you go.
So now that documentary is available for viewing.
I haven't watched it yet.
I think I need to, I'd like to check that out.
I was old enough to remember.
I mean, not to be like old grandpa, but I am old enough to kind of remember when the
shit hit the fan with the, uh, Atari's and they just, you've had just bins of games
that they couldn't give away.
It was crazy.
Yeah.
I remember those big bins of games going into the game stores and seeing that stuff.
Yeah.
Right.
Speaking of Atari, cause they remind me of the flashback stuff.
The clique of vision flashback is not in stores around here and online.
They're trying to sell it for like twice the retail.
So what the fuck is up with that?
Oh no.
Let's go to our foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask you guys a question on our Facebook and Google plus communities.
You throw those words together, you get foogle Facebook.com slash orange lounge radio or
google.com slash plus orange lounge radio is where you can find us.
And we're going to get to the question that we asked our communities, which was, we asked
a very simple question in the communities this week.
We just wanted to know how was your gaming week?
You know, we always ask ourselves that at the top of each show to establish a frame
of reference and what types of games we've been into and you know what we kind of talk
about for the week.
Uh, but the reason why we asked it this week is because with so much that has come out
in the game stores this week, we know there's a lot to pick from.
So we want to know what is it that you've been playing or maybe you really just, you
know, life happens.
You can't afford to get anything right now.
So what plastics are you revisiting or, or what games do maybe the rest of us forget
about?
We ought to be going back and playing this week.
So checking out some of the answers on Google plus, I'm going to have to abbreviate a lot
of these.
I'm sorry.
We're just running way over tonight and I want to make sure we ended at least an hour.
So bros.
Amay says, uh, freedom wars, super smash for evil within and Lords of the fallen.
Uh, the first two are amazing and the latter are buggy on PC.
Uh, let's see.
Redder tainment replied and said, um, WWE two K 15 came out and there are complaints
about it.
Uh, the week I started playing or this week I started playing WWE two K 15.
Some features are missing, but as far as major complaints, I only have one.
When I preordered the game, I was promised that I would get the wrestler sting as a download
character.
And then I picked up the code at, uh, I was given a code on my receipt from GameStop to
download the DLC, but it isn't good until December 16th.
Uh, he tried to redeem the code and it didn't work.
He tried to call Microsoft support and that's when he finally found out that's why it wouldn't
work.
So, uh, maybe a little more communication, maybe on the box or on the receipt or from
GameStop would be helpful.
I have heard that that game is a little bit buggy.
I'm not super into the wrestling games myself, but, uh, I've heard some things about them
being buggy.
Uh, Prince Peach Fuzz, I like that name, Prince Peach Fuzz replied and said, uh, I have dusted
off my Vita and I've been playing SteamWorld dig and hotline Miami been loving both games
so far.
That's right.
Both of those were free on PlayStation plus as well.
So a free is always a good way.
I mean, well, I guess you're paying for PlayStation plus, so it's not that free, but freeze a
good way to check out some of those classics, uh, act depth says I'm playing some animal
cross new leaf for the first time in months.
My village is still intact.
I also played Spelunky and team fortress two and smash brothers for Wii U most of the weekend.
Those are some answers from Google plus let's go over to Facebook where there's a ton of
answers.
I'm gonna have to really kind of run through this.
Um, of course I closed the tab on accident, so I'm bringing it up again right now.
Way to go, Rob.
Way to go me.
Maybe I'll get it someday here.
This is because I complained about Facebook earlier.
I'm now being punished.
Oh, Hey, dark Tetsuya responded and said Mario Kart eight, Mario 64 and stuff on connect
like rhythm party.
It needs more songs.
Uh, Kane.
I am says final fantasy 14 has eaten my soul.
Yeah, mine too.
Uh, Andy R says little big planet three story just finished, uh, outside of that Vita love
freedom Wars, Hatsune Miku project diva F second, which I can't believe that's the first
time that's come up tonight, but that was another big release.
Uh, tales of hearts are, and Andy R says tales of hearts are as awesome.
I highly recommend it.
You should go leave a response review on eric's review at vog network.com.
Uh, silent Tom says super smash brothers and Mario Kart eight rocking my link amiibo.
See Al says border lands, the pre-sequel final fantasy tactics, advanced Minecraft star bound
and Pokemon Omega Ruby, which again, another huge game that came out this week that none
of us have gotten around to playing yet.
But uh, I'm sure at some point Shane will invade the show and tell us all about what
we're missing with Pokemon because I know he wasn't into it at first.
And then he said, Oh, but they do this thing in the grass and it's so cool now.
And I completely changed my mind.
Um, a surfing Slurpee said I've been binge playing halo master chief collection, halo
CE through halo four, uh, logged into legal legends to check out the new champion Kalista
and started a free trial wow account to check out the new character models.
They're nice, but not enough to break my one year long wow sobriety Lords of the fallen
dragon agent.
Grand Theft Auto five are unopened and gathering dust.
You hear that?
Or is it being Slurpee has a copy of grand theft auto five gathering dust Loki.
He's just shaking his head, shaking his head, a low cat frog responds and says, did my yearly
tradition of the most current assassin's creed and playing through grand theft auto five
on Xbox one.
Well, there you go.
The next answer redeemed it a little bit there.
Fred the Hayes saying, enjoying old DS games on my brand new $60 3DS XL that was price
matched to Walmart freedom Wars on Vita and got some old Skylanders for cheap on PS three
and 3DS Elliott B says, I haven't bought new games in ages, but I spent a jet lag recovery
day getting reacquainted with rock band.
Uh, it's still so good.
One of my favorite names, William murder face said, I'm getting into dragon age origins,
not inquisition origins.
And I'm playing payday two and Guild Wars two for the umpteenth time.
Winston H says, bust a move one and two.
Uh, once my finals are over, I'll go back to persona for arena Ultimax.
That was a game we used to play the crap out of all the time was buzz to move.
Yes.
Oh my God.
So they're busted groove or whatever.
I wasn't saying I wasn't.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Must've groove.
Same thing.
Cause it was bust to move in Japan.
And in here somehow bust to move was pub puzzle bobble somehow, which had the most interesting
PlayStation two box art I've ever seen in my life.
I don't recall it, but, uh, get him to Google it or use your tablet.
Look it up.
Bust a move on PlayStation two.
It's like what?
Uh, our pal Tiara responds and says so much dragon age inquisition so much tiara.
You need to leave the hinterlands.
You need to stop and then you need to leave the hinterlands.
Get out of there.
Uh, I'm thinking about picking up that game.
Yeah.
Break code man says dragon age, dragon age, and oh yeah, transistor, uh, Haseo Sumeru
Gawa says, uh, bought a DS to catch up on the games I miss so much right now.
Uh, FONF has he 12 revenant wings and Pokemon black for the Vita I'm cracking out on borderlands
too.
We played super smash brothers brawl and finally the PlayStation three far cry four, which
is amazing.
Not going to lie.
Fifth dream says so much dragon age inquisition and tales of hearts are, I've also been playing
a lot of Pokemon alpha Sapphire and a little project diva F second.
I have a bunch of games from the last month I've put on hold this week with more games
coming on Tuesday.
Critical myths says mostly assassin's creed rogue and final fantasy 10 HD remaster.
And last but not least, Veronica Isabel saying Tomodachi life and solitaire by mobility wears
daily challenges.
I keep putting off downloading star Trek online and beating Pokemon X.
There you go.
Those are the answers there to our foogle question of the week.
I'm really surprised in there.
How much of that content?
I know there was a lot that I read, but I'm really surprised how much of that was not
stuff that came out this week.
In fact, there seemed to be like two or three people that were like, I just got a DS and
so now I'm catching up on all this stuff.
So Irene, you know, you kind of mentioned earlier in the show, that's where you're at
right now is, is playing a lot of DS stuff.
So you are not alone.
It's my people, the poor people of the world.
Well, you need to talk to the guy who got a $60 price match DS.
That's right.
Yeah.
Right.
Lucky.
Well, what about those people that were, you know, I don't think we're talking about, but
the people that were exploiting the price matching?
Well, that's exploit essentially that's stealing.
I mean, you can, you can call it whatever you want.
That's stealing.
I'm assuming the $60 price match thing was legit.
They did have though one time it was a, it was a glitch on the website where they actually
had like, you know, we use and places you force down the Sears.
Yeah.
Sears had the down really cheap and so people were price matching off the website glitch.
So from what I understand, that was actually, I think a former employee issue.
No, no.
I was like, Oh boy.
Uh, well then that's, that's yeah, let's go.
But anyway, yeah, let's just leave it at that.
All right, let's move on.
We got some more news to get into and we want to make sure we have some time to get into
your calls.
We've got the email bag too.
So we're going to try to jam through these stories.
Loki.
So you may remember that Activision, Vivendi were together at one point and now, you know,
there was a whole buyout thing.
Um, basically some lawsuit that's now resulting in a Vivendi paying, um, 275 million to Activision
to settle the litigation.
And I guess this happened, was it starting last year?
I sort of remember part of it, but I don't remember exactly the details of why one was
suing the other.
Um, I'm assuming over probably payments or something like that.
Um, but yeah, well I guess at least that's settled.
Um, I don't know.
Oh, here we go.
Uh, the lawsuit alleged, I guess, breach of fiduciary duties, waste of corporate assets
and unjust enrichment.
I have no fucking clue what any of that means.
Bad business stuff that CEOs and corrupt people participate in.
I don't know.
It's almost.
All right.
Uh, if you've downloaded anything on the iTunes store lately for your iOS platform,
such as the iPhone or the iPad, you may have noticed that the term free has changed to
get.
Uh, this is because, uh, there's been pressure from the European commission that a lot of
these free games are not really free, uh, because they have in app purchases.
So for example, the newly released candy crush soda saga, I can't say it without verping
a little bit.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't judge a game I haven't played, but I'm going to judge this game a little
bit.
I'm sorry.
Uh, you can now see that on the store.
It says get because you know, to buy your snozzberries or whatever it is that will do
the magic on the board to buy your Bert machines.
I don't know.
What do you, what do you buy in candy crush soda saga, bunch of bullshit, an Alka Seltzer.
I don't know.
Uh, you're, it's not really going to be free because those are all microtransactions, right?
So there you go.
Uh, which, you know, somebody's got to put out a game named shine so I can go shine.
Get, that's the second time I've made a Mario sunshine joke tonight.
I think you've hit your, your, as we're done for the year, no more Mario sunshine jokes
for the whole year.
We're done.
Right.
All right.
Loki.
I don't know how to follow that, but I'm going to, let's talk about steam sale.
Yes.
Your wallets are already shivering in fear, but apparently the steam sale will commence
the day before Thanksgiving and it'll run up through December 1st.
Um, apparently they're saying an email was sent out by PayPal encouraging people to stock
up on steam wallet codes.
Um, Hmm.
No confirmation yet from valve, but I, that sounds like it could make sense.
Um, I know they normally do a sale.
I'm not sure it's necessarily the fall sale right at black Friday, but usually around
that early December time.
So I guess we'll just have to look out for all the sale.
This is also the precursor to the winter sale.
Really?
I mean, this is, this is just like wetting your whistle a little bit for games.
It'll be even more deeply discounted during the winter.
So when's the winter sale usually is that in like next year?
Yes.
Well, yeah.
I mean, it's usually about, um, I want to say it starts around the 27th to 28th, like
it's after Christmas and then runs through like the new year's, but I could be wrong.
Somebody like rage nator or somebody who's a little more tuned into steam might know
a little more about when those sales start.
But then the other exciting thing is that, you know, uh, there's more stores out there
than just steam and all those stores will start having huge sales as well to kind of
compete with that.
In fact, a good old games just finished a big sale that they were having.
So I used to get a lot of stuff on the Amazon digital store because they would have steam
codes.
So just say I keep an eye out for that stuff or if you don't want to worry about aggregating
that stuff yourself, cheap ass gamer, you know, uh, let's see.
Kaijuto says, I think I'm burned out on steam sales.
They don't have much of anything anymore.
I don't want to bother with any more early access games, uh, as I agree, there is a lot
of that going on where there's a lot more of that coming onto the store where it's like
by my half finished game.
And I mean, it really depends on the developer and on the game if I'm going to buy into something
like that or not.
Uh, let's see, SSG100 Matt says week before Christmas, uh, I think an active says around
Christmas and ends after new year's.
I don't know why I thought it started after Christmas and it could be wrong.
All I know is that my wallet can't take it this year.
All right.
Uh, there is a new MMO coming to PlayStation four, uh, but this one's going to be a little
different.
It's a game called wander.
And uh, in a note to the PlayStation blog this week that was written, uh, they talked
about this game and how it is a non combat MMO.
You explore an environment in several different forms, a giant tree, a soaring Griffin, a
sea creature and more.
So this is a game about exploration, but you don't fight.
Uh, you can, uh, you find clues by examining your surroundings and you might find other
people who help you and share information.
And uh, you may hear like opera singers and that leads you to something else.
I there's a, in some way this kind of sounds like what, what if they made like an MMO
out of journey?
That's almost what this sounds like.
It sounds really fascinating though.
Like I like this idea of like, this is a game about exploration and that's it.
I kind of, I'm like that one indie game.
I don't remember.
I'm trying to remember what game it was now.
I have it.
I'm just, ah, the hell's it called?
Um, it was very like low, like pixely and just kind of wandered around and stuff happened.
So missed, yeah, missed on was, uh, reminds me of this a little bit cause I don't remember
there really being comment missed on proteus.
It reminds me of proteus.
That's the game.
Well, anyway, wander will be playable at the PlayStation experience in Las Vegas.
So I'm sure we'll be hearing more, uh, out of this is our Vegas guy vid powers.
He going to the PlayStation thing too.
I bet.
All right.
Uh, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com and a dark soccer dives
into the mailbag and find some emails to read.
But Oh, she's not here.
So I guess I'll put on her gloves and dive in the mailbag.
Again, that's participate at orange lounge, radio.com if you want to send us emails.
And I was very bad and not logged in already.
So I'm logging in right now.
Sorry guys.
I remember there being, Oh my God.
It just, Oh, I was like the mailbox exploded.
Oh, cause we're already getting entries for the jack box contest.
Hooray.
Uh, let's see.
Would it be wrong to peek at some of them?
No, I'm not going to pee.
Okay.
Maybe I'll peek at one.
All right.
The surfing Slurpee says, hi, Rob, Jamie and Loki.
I was wondering if you guys do anything special when picking up a hotly anticipated game on
release day, I skipped the gym Tuesday is leg day.
Anyway, get a six pack of Dortmunder gold.
I don't know that, but it sounds like alcohol.
Uh, go to Penn station subs for an eight inch Italian Giggity with large fries.
I see what you did.
It took me a minute and he's Italian with large fries and a sweet tea game pig out and
regret it later.
There's some Ursa B Slurpee.
Do you have any rituals for new game releases?
That's a good question.
I have to, I honestly, I don't, I love your idea that you pick up a sandwich and go to
town.
That sounds really good.
Considering how terrible my family does.
You're making us hungry.
Um, no, but I, I really don't have a ritual.
I don't really go to midnight releases anymore.
I would say my ritual is sitting by the door.
Is ups here yet?
Is ups here yet?
Cause I kind of buy my game.
Seriously.
Fuck the midnight releases.
Okay.
Now I'm not sure if this was a special exception with, um, grand theft auto, but that shit
fucking unlocked at 9 PM the day before.
Yeah.
But then you have to buy digital.
Who gives a shit?
I was going to pay $60 anyways.
Oh, I'm going to sell grand theft auto one of the greatest games to ever grace the consoles.
Or you convince someone to go to the midnight releases for you.
And that's what I did with dragon age inquisition.
I was like, Shane, you're going to get the game.
Or it's like a game like call of duty where they give you a copy on PS3 and PlayStation
four for the same price.
Actually interesting enough, since I brought that up, the dragon age inquisition thing,
they GameStop started selling it at nine o'clock here.
Um, they didn't do a midnight sale.
They did a nine o'clock sale, uh, and I think it's because of digital.
I think GameStop has finally started saying, look, if you guys release it digitally at
nine o'clock, we're going to start selling it because they make their own fucking rules.
They, you know, basically, Oh, the street date is this.
Yeah.
Well, fuck you.
We're going to do what we want.
What are you going to do?
Not sell at GameStop.
Yeah.
Right.
I'm kind of not surprised that they're playing hard ball like that actually.
So sorry.
I didn't mean to derail a little bit.
There has to be certainly your question, but, um, just glad to not have to deal with that
drama anymore.
I just, I just tried to make the time.
I don't for MMOs.
I've taken the day off of work talking about productive life playing with MMOs.
I've taken days off work to play that, but I've done that too.
I remember when Final Fantasy 11 first came out, I had like two days off work when that
it came out so I could play Final Fantasy 11.
Love.
It was amazing.
It was amazing.
Those is good.
Good times.
When the fuck is that going to free play?
You know, way after Final Fantasy 11.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
All right.
Let's see.
Uh, Raging Nader has emailed us saying, Hey, peeps, it's your favorite person in the world.
Raging Nader.
I just thought I'd pose some questions this week.
Actually.
I want to go back to the chat real quick.
Cause I want to see if anybody else said what they're what they do.
Cause I liked the question about the rituals.
Let's see.
Uh, Borat says, I want a big greasy hamburger.
I'm jealous of California for in and out burger.
Um, to be honest, you should be really fries.
Well done.
Marvelous.
Anyway.
Uh, but we don't have Dunkin Donuts and I love the coffee.
So there is a trade off there.
Now I would, I would give up Dunkin Donuts coffee to keep in an upper, but I'm just saying
there is a trade off.
Anyway.
Um, Kai's judo saying pre-order killed the midnight release as a Joe and under Matt saying
console midnight releases could be fun with friends again.
Uh, last time I did a console midnight release, uh, extra for waiting in line for me, it was
awesome.
I think we should do one Rob for a game that's not hotly anticipated.
Well, I guess they don't really do that.
Do they do midnight releases for popular games?
Well, you can go and then show up and be like, well, I'm here to get, you know, Barbie fun
pack, you know, hello kitty Island adventure or whatever.
Right.
All right.
Sorry.
We don't have that delivered yet.
Back to regionators email.
Sorry.
I just thought I'd post some questions this week.
Yes.
I'd mentioned on Bobby's show tonight.
Steam is an upcoming sale this week.
Is there any games that you folks are looking to pick up during the sale?
God, I don't know.
See, here's the thing is I can't buy any modern games anymore cause my laptop cannot run that
shit.
I mean it barely, it was, it was Titanfall melted my last laptop.
So this one, you know, it runs Titanfall sort of, I mean it, I can't really pick up anything
that's non indie and even some of those indie games I can't, and there's really not anything
out there that's like, shit, I don't have this yet.
I can't really remember off the top of my head, but I know I have a wishlist on steam
and I'm sure if something on there gets low enough, I'll buy it.
Sometimes I have a tendency to buy like indie games that just look cool, especially if they
get really cheap.
Like they're just like between like under five bucks because you know, I have money
in my steam wallet, so if something gets cheap enough, I might just be like, eh, why not?
Let's buy it.
Super hexagon for 39 cents.
What the fuck?
Why not?
Of course.
Let's see.
Uh, on a semi related note, I imagine that you all have a fairly decent sized gaming
pile of shame in regards to unplayed steam games.
If you were to make a rough guesstimate, how many games or what percentage of your games
remain unplayed for me of my 457 steam games, roughly 43% of my games remain untouched.
Oh, this is, this is a dick question.
This is, this is shame.
This is shame right here.
What is it?
What percentage of your library, it's loading, it's, it's taking its sweet time loading.
All right.
Rob's is 100%.
No, I, I, in all, I'm going to be honest, I'm going to guess it's like 60.
Only 60?
Only 60.
Are you lying to me?
Uh, if you combine Alan and I's library, it's probably more like 80, but it's, I would say,
I would say 60.
Does it count just if you play it for like an hour or two and then set it aside?
I mean, what are we talking about?
I think that counts, but like if I loaded it to see the title screen and that's it,
then it doesn't count.
Okay.
But the reason why is, is humble bundles and bundled games and things like I bought an
X com bundle and I played maybe one game in the bundle.
So I mean, keep in mind, there's things like that.
Like it's not like I buy all these games just to never play them.
I get a lot of games.
I just wasn't really looking for, and I just remember just saw an update and I just remembered
something that, um, a new story I'm going to talk about later, but that's fine.
But no, to go back to what I have, 301 games, I guarantee I've probably played about 3%
of those if, if, if, if not less than that, I think I literally, I don't even remember
how many games I played, but I've played like less than 5%.
Your answer to Ray's question is 97% of your library is unplayed.
That's probably, that's probably a very conservative estimate that I, I betting it's a lot higher
than that, that I have not played that I would have to go and look at all my, I'm sure they've
got some sort of record somewhere of what you've actually played.
All right.
Lastly, enrage nators email finally on an unrelated note.
Is there any chance that we can get another Rob diva fit?
It's been a few years since the infamous one and in my humble opinion, we're kind of overdue
for one.
No.
You cannot have another diva fit.
I don't get paid enough on this show to have a diva fit on demand.
I'm not your fucking switch.
That's the best I could do.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Uh, we have a few emails here from Robert M and I think one of them was a follow up.
Oh yes.
Uh, let me get to this main email here that he had sent.
Not to be quote that guy, but I believe battle toads was a joint project between rare and
trade west.
The latter of whom was owned after bankruptcy, at least in name by midway according to my
limited research.
Who knows if a new game would require Warner brothers involvement?
That's a very good question.
I'm straight and you're not being that guy.
I'm, I'm okay with being wrong.
You guys like nobody out there knows every single trade was because they remember they
had the didn't.
Yeah.
There's battle toads versus double dragon.
Dragon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was just, I don't claim to know every single nook and cranny about gaming.
Um, probably captain spike a game, but we probably does know everything about gaming
on it.
He's probably the closest person I've met.
Um, but yeah, I mean like that's why I love doing live radio because you guys kind of
give that instant feedback and you know, if you're not listening live, you can email us.
So don't be afraid to email us and say, Hey, you got something wrong on the show.
As long as you know, there's the presentation is everything.
Cause if you email us going, fuck you, you fucking fuck, I'll just be like, Oh, the delete
key.
How'd that get hit?
Um, but if you email us as you did saying, Hey, I think this might actually be the case.
Then I go, Oh, that's, that sounds like an informed opinion.
Gold star for user.
Also, I recently restored and rebuilt my iPod touch to try to fix some play counts, sinking
and memory issues, losing my game saves and other data in the process I had just purchased
and finished the forgotten shores expansion to monument Valley, which was despite negativity
and reviews for the DLC cost.
Absolutely worth the asking price.
However, the app does not currently have a restores purchases option.
I did send the developer feedback and I'm waiting for a reply, by the way, he did get
that feedback.
He said there is a restore purchases option.
He heard back from the developer there.
So there you go.
Um, thank you for the email.
Appreciate that.
Uh, I think there's no, that was the email on, uh, the sandwiches, the eight inch Italian.
So that's it.
So if you want to email us, participate at orange laundry.com, don't forget the Jackbox
contest going on as well.
Make sure Jackbox is in the subject there and you can win a copy of a five in one game
pack.
It's an instant party.
You want this.
Yeah, it's good.
It's in.
And if you're on PlayStation four, you can share play and you're gonna have a party in
two homes.
Mm hmm.
Lice water has like a hundred players.
Right?
You have a party in an auditorium if you wanted to.
All right.
Uh, let's get to the F use of the week cause every week we get angsty.
Why?
I guess gamers have a lot of angst on them.
Loki wants to start us off.
Uh, F you goes to Jack in the box who don't know how to make fucking sandwich is nasty.
Uh, Irene, do you have some F use of the week?
Uh, F you to flaky ass people who are just a bunch of dicks and my cat Jonas F you to
best buy for forgetting my, um, pre-order for smash brothers.
You're not the only one they screwed over, by the way.
I'm hearing a lot of that on Facebook.
The best buy really fucked it up with those pre-orders just so you know.
So that's a big F you right there.
Um, another F he goes to the people playing Pokemon.
Some of the people in Pokemon Omega Ruby alpha server saying, Oh my God, Salamence is broken.
God, for fuck's sake, play the game long enough to before saying something is broken.
The same.
And of course, another big F you to some of the members of project M. Yes, I'm calling
your asses out.
If you don't like Super Smash Brothers 4, stick to your, um, Smash Brothers melee or
your project or the worst part project M. I'm tired of hearing your God damn complaints
about Oh, put project M in the game room when we have Smash 4 enough said, or you can all
suck my balls, but seriously though, stop complaining and adapt to the new, um, new
games and stuff.
You guys want to play the old games?
Go for it.
Don't, but don't go wrong.
Dictating other people what they should and shouldn't play.
Or you can suck his balls.
Uh, going to, um, my F you of the week.
I did not really look at this, act depth, found some website that will actually analyze
your steam library for you.
And apparently I have 238 games, 144 of which I have not played.
That is 61%.
Wow.
Did I call out?
That's that's pretty good.
That's pretty good.
That's pretty good.
I'm impressed.
All right.
Shock.
Fear.
My meat.
My meat.
Laughs.
Well, and my terrible English skills.
I don't want to fear your meat, Rob.
That's my meat lab skills.
Well, there you go.
Look at that.
I was quite conservative in my guests.
It says I have not played 89% of my library, not 97%.
You know what?
Just F you to that whole bit.
Well, I guess I'll just have to buy more games so that that number gets up to 97%.
I know.
Now I'm going to go in tonight and just launch each one of those games just to spite you
people.
Install them first.
Then I'll give you some meat to fear.
All right.
Let's do a couple more news stories and then we're going to open up the Skype line at one
eight seven seven game O.L.R. or our username on Skype, Roaring Ounge ADO.
All one word.
Low key.
Congratulation.
Congratulation.
You got to move on over to the Skype line.
OK.
So Assassin's Creed Unity is getting a third patch, which will hopefully fix the whole
face off glitches.
So yes, apparently they've still got their I want to say it's like a weekly blog or daily
blog.
I don't know what some sort of blog that they have or they're keeping track of everything.
The third update will be larger in scope and it says they're going to patch bugs like
are getting stuck in certain areas of the map or glitching in and getting in and out
of cover problems.
So yeah.
So apparently the patch will dramatically improve the experience.
So more faces off.
I don't know.
We'll see.
All right.
They'll be patching in fun.
But next patch.
And of course I like I like this little like you know this under promise over deliver type
of phrasing here but it is noted though that this patch won't solve every problem.
Some of them.
All right.
Well you know folks have been asking when will Final Fantasy 7 be remade for the PlayStation
3 or the PlayStation 4.
When is that going to happen people?
And the answer is it's happened.
That's right.
It was remade.
Final Fantasy 7.
Oh wait.
There's a twist though.
It was remade in LittleBigPlanet.
Whoa Rob.
You had me going there for a minute.
Was your heart palapatating a little bit there?
Absolutely.
I knew it.
I knew it.
All right.
Fear the meat of this game.
Final Fantasy 7 remade in LittleBigPlanet 2.
Apparently it's on YouTube.
You can watch one hundred and seven videos on YouTube.
The entire story in Final Fantasy 7.
Apparently this took this guy like years to build.
It was in LittleBigPlanet 2's engine and there's a whole website being created for this.
It's Final Fantasy VII LittleBigPlanet2.weebly.com and that's where you can follow more updates
on this and you can watch it on YouTube.
It's something else.
I want to know can I download and play it?
Because apparently the LittleBigPlanet 2 levels are supposed to be playable in 3 so I can
play my Final Fantasy 7 remake.
You can and I've watched video of it and it's derpy as fuck but okay.
Okay but still come on.
It's quite the accomplishment.
It's quite the accomplishment but it's quite the derpy fucking accomplishment.
Here's the thing though.
Nothing will ever beat that level I played in the original LittleBigPlanet that was the
Parker Posey level.
I remember that.
It was like a fucking creepy ass stalker thing and you would unlock pictures of Parker Posey
as you played the levels and it was like a tribute to Parker Posey level.
It was like a long lengthy level.
That was my favorite LittleBigPlanet level I ever played was the Parker Posey tribute.
So that's still in the game.
You should check that out.
Anyhow, there it is.
All the news we have on deck for tonight.
So we're going to open up the Skype line over at 1877 Game OLR or username on Skype
OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call and talk about anything we have or haven't
talked about tonight.
While we wait for some calls to come in, I'll ask Loki if he has any last minute stories.
I'm going to fire up Twitter here.
I do and I can't believe I forgot to put this in the show roll but oh my gosh it's a free
update for one of the best games that came out was it last year was it even this year
I don't remember if it was this year this should be fucking game of the year goat simulator
oh my god yeah how did you miss this I don't know but now goat simulator is not just goat
simulator it's goat simulator it's goat MMO simulator the free expansion and it's fucking
ridiculous I can't wait is it out now it's out now yeah I'm so excited it came out on
Thursday so yes update your fucking goat simulator and you can they have five different classes
you can play as warrior rogue microwave now that's one of the steam games I have played
just you know all right look the phone is ringing we got to get some calls hi at OrangeLoungeRadio
who's this it's the only person with the fastest internet out of everyone in the chat room
it is Rama hey Rama how you doing I'm doing good I just finished cooking an amazing dinner
I'm sorry say it again I said I'm doing good I just cooked an amazing dinner an amazing
dinner you probably could have made a better sandwich than the one Loki got well I'll tell
you what next time I come out there's always you have a crock pot I'll put together a mean
little dinner for all y'all oh you better bet we have a crock pot we're a couple of guys living
here in this house we love crock pots that's what I'm talking about it's great for a dinner
and booze what's on your mind my friend a couple of things everyone you were talking about your
Steam library and how many games you have and how many games you get to play and I'm like right
now I'm staring at my ps2 ps3 Xbox Xbox 360 collection and I'm just like out of all these
games I can probably count on both hands how many games I have sat here and played it's gotten to
the point where I'm just buying them just to say that I have it because I know if I don't buy it
now I will not be able to get my hands on it later so you buy games just in fear that they're
disappear off the shelf too quick kind of sort of like project diva I kind of had to sell my soul
to the devil and go to the shame stop to pick up the cop because it was only available there
honestly that's fair I understand that sometimes sometimes you have to do what you have to do
mm-hmm pretty much sounds like Xenoblade let's not go there that pissed me off oh you think that's
something I was looking at shame stops Black Friday said they put Metroid Prime trilogy up
there for 50 bucks oh gee what a steal it's gonna be more like how many people are gonna
be going from store to store to store to store to find it oh I do want to get my hands on that
though at some point I mean you know it's just I refuse to pay all that money for it I mean 50
bucks is not bad I mean I will go looking for you but to be perfectly honest their Black Friday
sales are kind of shitty to share yeah I know I understand what else you said there were a few
things another thing is um if you don't remember but I'm also staffing a convention coming up in
about two weeks called derpy con I Jamie's been talking about that on the show so yeah I thought
for some reason that was like this weekend so it's a couple weeks out yeah this weekend was like the
final meeting for everybody to get together and had the bag party got it got it so give us the
details on the con cuz I I don't know much about it besides that it's called derpy con well derpy
con is a multi-genre con so it's anime fantasy sci-fi all of it so it's gonna be panels about
various things and on behalf of our network anime jam session we'll be doing a live podcast and I
will also be hosting the karaoke contest oh nice mm-hmm where where is it in New York City actually
no it's in the Hyatt Moore's the Hyatt at Morristown New Jersey it's basically three blocks
from the train station there are plenty of food places around and is a movie theater built in
like not built inside the hotel but next to the hotel is a convention center and if you go around
the corner within there there's a movie theater is that why you're calling it derpy con cuz it's in
New Jersey you would think come on that was too easy come on too easy oh New Jersey is I love I
love your return stepbrother we all know that you know but I love New Jersey for the record I had a
great I have great I great memories with Rama in New Jersey one good thing about Jersey gas it's
like two dollars and fifty three cents a gallon and you can't pump it yourself yeah because
somebody tried it once burnt down a gas station that's all right or organs the same way anyway
anyway but but what's cool is that the way we're doing our game room we're going old school oh
really yes we're doing we're looking at Nintendo Super Nintendo and 64 Dreamcast nice maybe even
Xbox ps1 ps2 we're just we're just keeping it old school what you didn't invite the teabaggers to
get out the u-haul and drive out to Jersey realize that the teabaggers came out here there is quantum
game there are other gaming groups that are like it will probably run them out of the area oh oh
is this turning into West Side Story when you're a teabag you know you're a tub anyway actually
might know some people there I was I'm not sure like what groups are actually curious which groups
are actually gonna be at the gaming section actually work we're doing our own work we're
doing with some cars that we're just gonna purchase older consoles or a couple of staffers
gonna bring in their older consoles for play so in pretty much in-house pretty much yeah I like
the big conventions like anime next Otacon they will they'll have their own consoles conventions
like Zenkai a USA they'll get a third party and they'll usually be affiliated with a gaming con
such as too many games such as as an example of one of the bigger local smaller local gaming cons
in the area well you said Otacon correct you said Otacon has their own in-house funding for game
room I thought that was being funded by um or at least covered by um what's that group up save point
save point not my knowledge if it's changed it's might have been recently because I have not gone
to Otacon in like about a year or so so if that's changed I I had no idea but when you go in there
you'll see like the boxes with the consoles it'll say property of Otacorp well be sure to share your
plans with Jonas he can tell you everything you're doing wrong I'm kidding I'm kidding okay you know
what he can do that I'll send him directly to the department of gate of video games and if you like
dealing with the rock that's all you I just sit here I deal with the karaoke and then when the
contest is over I break out the flask turn on open mic and Lego dear Lord that's it you know I wish
I'd had some warning I would have loved to come out to derpy con and if you say karaoke I'm sure
I could have gotten Irene out there too are doing a midnight thing for midnight karaoke so yeah you
know it's nice well our staffers are rocky horror oh it's all I will plan now for derpy con to
electric boogaloo you don't say it too loud because you know Jamie would jump right into
your arm luggage for that one she is staff so yeah I know I know she's been talking about some
of the design work she's been doing for it so okay so so that'll be fun to have that take a
lot of pictures since I can't be there I guess now is this good of a time to any to announce
this we're speaking about cons and East Coast um I am coming to Boston which convention I'm coming
to PAX East trolling me right now bro I'm not I'm not telling you I'm seriously coming out
to PAX East so yeah I will be out there what is it like the plane tickets are bought I have the
receipts um I didn't but we have a way anyway so that's so yeah I will see you guys well I guess
that you're not gonna come to PAX East then oh did you did you oh you probably weren't there
here's the thing I subscribe to all of their social media so I know exactly when the tickets
were going on sale when the hotels were going up right they waited 20 minutes after they opened it
up and made announcements on social media that tickets were available in the hotel were available
oh my god I jumped on it three a badges were gone oh my god by the end of the day at 6 p.m.
when I was leaving work the entire conventions was sold out and I'm like I refuse to drop $800
on a scalper for this and I refuse to I'm not doing it that's not stressing myself over this
forget it that's what you need to do is wait for that second wave that they'll put up from the
scalper tickets they recover they won't they won't they will no they didn't do it for New York Comic
Con well that let's not get into that but let's just say they were they said they were doing it
for New York Comic Con I was following a few of the scalpers let's just say the eBay auctions were
still up there so frustrating I it's scalpers suck awful but what I will do maybe if Mako
Chan is up to it maybe we will day trip up there we can hang out or something there you know we'll
figure something out there you go it'll be a party all right I gotta let you go so we get more calls
but wow I just dropped a bombshell in the chat room apparently because I did I posted on Twitter
I'm like by the way I'm coming to Boston March something to something so he missed that tweet
alright well maybe Twitter's hiding things now too with Facebook all right take care buddy are
you taking a bro all right bye bye time difference doesn't help either you know cuz if I post
something at midnight then it's like 3 a.m. for the East Coast so maybe that's how they missed it
I don't know anyhow one eight seven seven game olr or a username on Skype orange lounge radio if
you'd like to give us a call let's get some more calls hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
hello Paul here hey pal what's up kind of tired doing packing and stuff like that but everything
okay going on a trip and no we're probably moving so he tried to do slowly no waiting
until last minute oh probably well moving is like punishment for shoplifting in some countries I'm
pretty sure yeah yeah I think of some countries illegal or something it's just thorough what's
up buddy I was caught I was going just for my opinion regarding the amiibo um I bought some
and it worked different I expected but not so certain necessarily a bad thing I was convinced
that we're not gonna be something like kind of more casual but it's strange and strangely enough
I feel like it worked more for a hardcore gamer than for a casual gamer which I find it really
strange if you compare it with the skylander or or business infinity how so what what made you
decide that it was more of a hardcore thing because I don't see a kid for example buying
one and saying oh I really want to figure that we're learn to fight the same way I fight I just
don't see a kid saying oh that's a great idea but if you're really really good in a smash which I'm
not but if you're really really good and you train it they really end up fighting then what you do
like for example I jump a lot and I always forget to block because I just forget then they figured
out after it reaches a high level like 40 or 50 it really played the way I play like I forget to
cover all the time and it a jump all the time and it was kind of annoying it was hard to play like
a fighting against a ghost of myself or something you know I need to know if they're gonna put out
an amiibo for the master hand because that's the only time I remember to block is on that stupid
hand I never remember to block and I never remember to grab and when someone does online
I'm like what it was oh yeah it's growing but I think it's it can I like it but I think it has
some kind of a strange identity crisis because that kind of toys is probably really appealing
for kids but the usefulness in this match it feels like it's way more if you're really into this
match and you want to like train yourself or something like that because it's a really an
AI that adapts to your gameplay which I don't see that is really kids friendly so I like it
but it's a strange is definitely not the way I expected but which amiibos did you pick up I got
the really classic ones like Mario Donkey Kong I got the ones that I was worried and maybe in a
year from now two years from now when Nintendo decides to do amiibo amiibo world or something
party with you and then suddenly will be all remember those amiibos I even buy well now you
can use in this game but nobody can find that figure in I hear some of those figures are already
going up in price and getting harder to find because yay scalpers but apparently Marth is
one of the harder to find figures that just came out and some people are seeing it on eBay already
for 30 bucks so it's like and we all knew this stupid shit would happen so I'm whatever yeah I
wish sometimes they put some limit to people I'm not never gonna do that but I know it was
ridiculous like 24 hours later just checking eBay it was just that the reselling was insane
like I'm sure just people go around Walmart just buying all of them or something oh yeah
it's a whole thing there's probably seedy websites they gather Intel on and what's going to be
popular and how to get them but anyway all right yeah they sell pre-sales all right well pal I'm
gonna let you go so we can get more calls but I'm glad to hear you have a good time with amiibos
thank you and also I follow your other program I discovered the other a and even though I don't
play Wow I don't play Final Fantasy 14 I really enjoy it well thank you grandpa and next for will
appreciate the plug all right all right bye it's good to hear from pal and look at this the
skyline lighting up oh my gosh just call after call try to get at least one more in hi you're
on orange ons radio who's this yeah what's up this guy judo hey guys you know what's on your
mind buddy I'm gonna tell you in one second I just wanted to to tell that last caller what he
could do is if he's not really that good at smash have his amiibo fight with him instead of against
him and it'll pick up from like what the computer is doing and it'll get a lot better than what he
can teach it and also amiibo versus amiibo is a lot is like 10 times better than um you fighting
your amiibo so in other words you could just put the amiibo in there with a bunch of CPU characters
at level 9 and why don't you just learn from the best yeah exactly even though those level
nines aren't really that great it's like they tell you to I just fight amiibo versus amiibo
interest like you know yeah is it is I think it's really cool I think um I kind of disagree I think
I think kids don't enjoy it it's kind of like you know it's like a kid has a little a little
little buddy to take along with him and play if he doesn't have you know if his friends don't have
the game or is late at night and he can't have friends over just pop that little sucker in there
and you have a little sparring partner it's better set a fight in the computer I think kids will be
in it probably more for just the figures themselves but I think pow had a decent point that like
kids may not be thinking on that secondary level where adults are like oh I gotta get this cuz
it's gonna unlock here and it'll be easy here and dah dah dah but I don't know I then again I thought
that like game the nine years old I subscribe I could I could I could remember being a kid and
when I was a kid there was never a time where I wanted a action figure based off a video game like
a video game already feels like a toy already yeah so I don't really see kids using their imagination
like getting excited over a freaking Mario figure or Princess Peach figure you like you know they
see them for what they are you know they'll they'll be looking for some other cool toy that's out
there I don't think they're necessarily gonna use these things as toys I know I wouldn't I got
excited for the princess it's like I wish that they would just have like them actually be action
figures like have it be an action figure and have the base attached to it and yeah so what if it
comes off the base at least if you have the base and you can play the game I still think these
things are gonna do better than people I don't think they're gonna like top Skylanders but I
think they're gonna do better than people are expecting and this is gonna be Nintendo's way
of saying see we didn't have to do a mobile phone game we can do this so yeah I had the I have the
Star Fox amigo and like just like look he said it's like I'm tempted to bend his arm like it
looks like an arm and bend down like he looks like a poseable action figure but you can't but
it's a really cool-looking uh whatever the hell you want to call it but what I'm here to call
about was you're talking about Ghostbusters earlier yeah and I'm have a game recommendation
for you you need to get ghost control ink on Steam it's almost it's not exactly the Ghostbusters
from the you know that you were talking about but it's kind of like kind of like a combination
of Ghostbusters and what's the other thing xcom and basically it's like it's turn-based you
travel around the city where actually you're traveling around London and you're busting
ghosts it's a lot of fun the graphics suck so if you're really in the graphics you're not probably
not gonna like it but I'm like we don't mind like the 8-bit looking graphics because I mean that's
real it looks like it's something out of Nintendo I just googled it to get a little more information
on it while you're talking about it and it looks like this is something that they got on Kickstarter
and one of these links goes to Kickstarter the graphics look like game dev tycoon or something
like that yeah yeah yeah yeah it's uh it's basically one of those I forgot what they call
them they're like like a financial simulator or a business simulator so you know you have to
balance your money you know you you upgrade your equipment it's a lot of fun it's a lot like like
I said it's not a lot like xcom but it has that ghostbusters theme to it and it's really silly
like the game doesn't take yourself serious like there's times where you pick up your um your cell
phone because you get calls while you're like you know driving around and it's just mumbles
like they talk like sims yeah yeah yeah it's completely bonkers and um it's a never-ending
game I love my sandbox and open world never-ending game so as once you beat it you can still continue
to play it for as long as you want so that's my favorite part about it there you go there's
something I'll have to keep an eye out for on the steam sale so yep all right now I'm gonna let
another call get through great show thank you so much guys you know appreciate it all right right
bye good call good call well I am going to shut down the skyline I'm very sorry to those of you
that didn't get through but we are a little bit past nine o'clock here which is supposed to be
when the show ends uh but uh I want to thank you guys for uh downloading the show tuning in and
listening tonight really appreciate it don't forget that jackbox competition don't forget
you can send us regular emails too or welcome to participate at orange laundry.com this place to
send those emails uh Loki checking in one more time for your last minute stories no but I was
going to talk a little bit more about goat simulator please mmo or you know go mmo simulator
so apparently there's a spot in the game where there's a hole in the wall you jump into the wall
you find out it's a concrete room full of servers and it being goat simulator you can smash those
servers and eventually as you smash the servers more and more stuff breaks eventually the textures
stop drying and eventually the wire frames break and eventually you get logged out
brilliant absolutely brilliant and that's all free once you buy the game I think I'm gonna
need to try to get these guys on the show for Loki because I think he's a bit of a fan they're
not they're in Europe oh well we had the geometry wars guys years and years and years ago they were
in Europe you never know you never know all right uh anyhow uh let's go around and wrap up and get
final thoughts um Jonas thank you for being here and uh best of luck with everything with the tea
bagger on through the holidays hope you have a good thanksgiving oh thank you and all that uh
what cons next for you guys sack anime in January I know just sack anime right now gotcha all right
uh people can follow you guys on Facebook though yeah we got a couple of new followers ever since
the championships as well as Smash Brothers and and Pokemon nice coming out because I
guess people want to know when the tournament starts and if there's gonna be a player smash
in the actual game room which most likely has to be yes because there's gonna be so
many people playing smash right so get eight people through and next eight people come up next
all right well uh let me know if you do the robo amiibo competition there and I'll uh I'll uh
I'll probably buy into that my my trained at home amiibo amiibo versus amiibo mecha amiibo
anything yeah I actually can bring up a question to the people see if it's if it's if the interest
is good enough yeah we could probably pull something up maybe for SAC on like next year
since we might be doing SAC on but that's still in the works all right well good luck to you
I'm sure we'll see you soon okay take care of my friend um Irene thank you so much for being here
thanks for having me appreciate it um multi-tap podcast one more time give that a plug
oh okay um you can find it at ffop.net and just look for multi-tap podcast on there
best of luck with everything you're doing there on the show thank you appreciate it
uh let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts Jonas your final thought tonight
okay uh black friday haven't really seen much other than game wise I've already got the games
I need but I think this black frame put up by new computer for actual streaming to support more
gaming stuff good times of course and of course I'll stop by here once in a while even if I'm all
busy this next couple weeks don't forget us little people when you break through as a huge twitch
streamer with all these new toys you have don't forget as best as little little peasants in the
village down here at olr we'll give you a shot shadows of course I appreciate it no I do I do
I gotta help each other out all right good luck with all that Jonas course and Irene your final
thought uh don't forget to fear Rob's meat super meat boy
oh that's it okay yeah yeah all right fair enough uh let's see Loki your final thought tonight
uh I need to work more of a game yes you do we didn't get an update this week that means you
didn't work on it uh not necessarily I worked on like just concept stuff because I'm trying to
figure out how to redo uh the engine again just to make it faster with doing um geometry checking
and stuff like that so that I can remove extra geometry because I got to the point where I run
out of space really fast in each 3d objects on that to make a chunk system and try to find a
way to check it because before once I get like you know so many objects on the screen it would lock up
for a few seconds when you add a new one so I can't have that that doesn't work so I have to
figure out how Minecraft does it or the other other voxel games do it because that's unfortunately
I didn't want to have to do it that way but that's the way I got to do it all right and uh
as always I want to thank you guys for checking out our show and supporting independent podcasting
if you like what you heard here at orange launch radio please tell a friend or five about the show
help spread the word because you know we don't have a major website backing us up by it's just
us fending for ourselves here and all we have are you guys to help us out and spread the word
so we appreciate each and every recommendation be it word of mouth or leaving us a nice review
on itunes or stitcher radio or any place that you may have found this podcast somebody else
might find it there too and just on a personal note you know it is thanksgiving week here in
america so those you guys that celebrate thanksgiving I hope you have a really wonderful
thanksgiving whatever it is you decide to do those you overseas in the spirit of the holiday
I hope you have a great thanksgiving as well and I'm really thankful for you know all you guys that
take the time out to spend three hours of your week with us be it live on sunday night or during
the week helping you get through the workday just knowing that people actually listen to this stuff
that we've produced for the past 12 years and and kind of follow along with it and and uh
really embrace it and participate with it it really is so much motivation to keep doing it
more and more so I am thankful for you guys for uh listening and participating and being a part
of the show and I mean it so have a great week everybody we'll see you next time here on orange
lounge radio dark soccer will be back next week and we'll talk about uh all the crazy games we've
been playing because there's even more stuff out this week between geometry wars and you know dark
soccer's got something to say about dragon age inquisition so we'll cover all that in the same
time in the same place in seven days see you then you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into
vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
so
you
