Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight is a very special number for us and we'll explain why. Also, there's PlayStation updates galore for both the firmware and a popular game on the console. Did they do harm as well as good? Find out next on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this November the 2nd of 2014, episode number 573 of our program. That is a number with some special significance, but I will get into that in just a moment.
First, let's go around and introduce ourselves. My name is Rob Roberts, here to talk with you about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle every week with my co-host. Say hello over there. Welcome back. She was out last week, but she's back this week. DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers?
Moving is shit.
Moving is shit. But it's done.
I now live in Grandpa's house.
I wasn't going to say last week, but so yeah.
It's fine. I live in Grandpa's house.
Not the house he's living in, but the other house that he lived in.
Right now it's still Grandpa's house, but it will be our house.
Funny how all that VoG network stuff kind of comes together in the end.
Yeah, now it involves real estate.
I love how you were like, you should come over and see my place, except well you've already seen it.
You've already been there.
And I like this. I love this. You're the one that moves, yet you brought me a housewarming gift tonight.
And I believe the listeners should be clued in to what it is.
Bitch, I made that for me. I'm just sharing with you.
So what is this that you brought?
It's hooch.
It's a peace offering.
It's Jamie Hooch.
Okay, it's not actually hooch because I didn't, you know, make make it.
Not like out of juicy juice and some yeast on an air conditioner or something like my friend Roy used to do.
It's Blackberry Manischewitz, Coin Tro, which is a really good expensive orange liqueur, pomegranate vodka, brandy, and then this really good lime juice and sugar cane mixer.
Normally this stuff is like way expensive. I got a really good deal. I mean, you can drink this stuff straight. It's so good.
So if I sound a little out of it or disconnected tonight, now you know why. It's Jamie's fault. So there you go.
Grandpa came over here on Wednesday. He didn't bring me hooch. You would expect that drunkard to bring me hooch, but you brought me hooch.
You won't bring you hooch because he was busy drinking it.
That's true. That's very true.
Well, I had some in the car. It's gone now. We let Victoria drive.
So I appreciate that and happy move to you and may you get all settled in and all that.
Midna is ecstatic. I thought she was going to move into her litter box for a year like Shermy did.
Oh no. That cat's like sniff, sniff. I'm home. Let me shed on everything.
Nice.
And so she also has learned how to headbutt the cabinets in the bathroom to get them open.
Yeah. Our cat learned how to open doors too. That was interesting.
You know how like sometimes if you don't push a door all the way, it might be closed, but not be like latched.
So I learned that if you don't push them all the way, she'll headbutt her way in the room.
Mine will be shut all the way and she'll be like, boom, boom.
And then when the door to the bedroom is closed, you like see little black paws peeking out like, Mom.
All right. Well, also an owner of some cats who I'm sure has stories to contribute to this conversation.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Thankfully only one cat, but she tried to learn how to open doorknobs.
She knows that the doorknob is what opens the door and she'll paw at it, but she has no way to grab the doorknob.
See, if we were dumb and had those, you know, doorknobs that have like the kind of handle on them.
Yeah, she'd be going through the house wherever she wants.
That's an interesting thing we all have in common. We all only have one cat.
But here's the thing, though, is I put a cat door in my garage and she stays out in the garage now.
She, because we have our old sofa out there, she just snaps on the sofa all day long.
Tiger call on our chat over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And Tiger call on our chat says, maybe you can teach the cats how to use the toilets properly.
They just need to learn how to flush.
I've seen the kits. No, I'm not going to do that.
The first thing when we moved into this house that caught me off guard is that Sanrio started drinking from the toilet.
And that was nothing, that never happened in the old place.
But like in this place, yeah, Sanrio, I caught her one day, I was like, what are you doing? Don't do that.
And Alan's like, well, it's fresh water. And I'm like, ew.
It's not really fresh water.
Not really.
So, yeah, that was one of those quick lessons, even though two men live here, to keep the seat down at all times.
All right. Anyhow, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight.
And I'm going to get into tonight's kickoff topic by giving you guys a little background and a reintroduction to Orange Lounge Radio.
As I like to do every few months, as I know, we're fortunate enough being in a podcast that has a pretty decent-sized listener base.
Thank you guys very much for your support.
We do get new listeners every now and again.
So just a reintroduction of our show.
The three of us here at Orange Lounge Radio, we all met actually at an arcade playing a little video game at the time called Dance Dance Revolution.
And Dance Dance Revolution, of course, was a video game that was made by Konami that was part of their Bimani series, or beat mania, if you will, or beat matching types of video games.
And there was a whole sorts, and I'm giving this really kind of Cliffs Notes version of it.
Some of you guys that have been music game enthusiasts for a long time will know that I'm cutting corners here, but bear with me for the sake of showtime.
There were a lot of other games involved in this too.
BeatMania 2DX, Guitar Freaks, which was before Guitar Hero, and so on.
And we used to gather at a local arcade here known as Roseville Golf Land, and we would play the game.
You know, coin up on the machine whose turn it's going to be, play the game.
Sometimes we travel to the Bay Area to meet up with friends there and play the game there.
And then we might, you know, when the home version started coming out, we learned how to mod our PS1s, either with a paperclip or for a little cartridge that went in the back, or the disc swap trick, or whatever it is used.
So we could play the import Bimani games like DDR Third Mix and have like little house parties and so forth.
And most importantly, after these Golf Land parties, we would play Dance Dance Revolution, we would go to the little diner that was in the parking lot of Roseville Golf Land.
And we all sit together and just, you know, get to know each other a little more through talking shit about one of our favorite pastimes, video games.
And so that's what OLR essentially became, is it was this big meeting at the dinner table inviting all you guys to chomp on some mozzarella sticks.
And now you know why we talk about food so much.
Right, right, exactly. To chomp on some mozzarella sticks or whatever it is that's going to make you fat and talk some smack about video games with us at the world's biggest diner table.
That's what OLR is.
Now Orange Land Radio started exclusively dedicated to the music gaming community.
Although a good 90% of that was Bimani in that series.
But certainly there's a lot of love for the Bust a Move, Bust a Groove series depending on what country you're in.
Parappa the Rappa, Vibribin, which we got all excited about with the re-release a couple weeks ago, right?
Even In the Groove in the later years of the show being a Bimani exclusive sort of thing.
Now when things sort of slowed down in the DDR community and the arcade scene unfortunately started to take a little bit of a tumble as Xbox Live and these sorts of things are gaining more and more precedence.
We had started originally a spin-off podcast dedicated to all video games at large because we kind of all sat down and realized, you know what?
We love video games most of all.
Like our love of music games is a part of that, yes, and that's something we all have in common.
But we all love video games.
Dark Sakura has a gigantic vault with all sorts of crazy ass import games.
It's already being rebuilt as we speak.
I have a deep love of PC gaming and things that date back to the Commodore 64 and Atari 2600 and some prior radio experience from college and so forth.
Loki likes to get in there and break shit and mod shit.
He likes to take the video game and make it his own.
And now he's programming his own game.
So that's kind of where we are today.
At some point we made our general show about video games, kind of the overarching show.
And that's the same show you're listening to today.
573 episodes later after episode number one in June of 2002.
So why do I give you this big ass backstory?
Because the number 573 holds some significance if you're a fan of these Beatmania and Bamani games.
Dark Sakura, would you care to elaborate with our audience a little bit?
What's so special about 573?
Well, to give you a small Japanese lesson.
First of all, there are two different ways of listing numbers in Japanese.
For standard, you know, everyday counting, you have like Hitotsu for one.
The word for three would be Mitsu instead of San.
I was like, grammar, Japanese words.
It's fine. I'm putting you on the spot a little bit.
Yeah.
But the rest of them are basically we have Go for five, Nana for seven.
And then Mi for Mitsu for three.
So Go, Na, Mi, Konami.
Yep.
So 573, Go, Nana, Mi.
And so you see that number oftentimes as little jokes in a lot of Konami games.
Like I remember recently I was playing on Virtual Console on Super Nintendo.
Or sorry, it was a Super Nintendo game originally, but I was playing it on Wii U.
Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
And you remember how Legend of the Mystical Ninja had all these little houses with minigames,
and one of them was the quiz show?
Well, it asked a question and the answers were one, two, or 573.
It's like that number makes no sense.
But now looking back, it's like, oh, that was their little in-joke for the little Konami.
How about something else too?
Did you know that Mitsubishi stands for three of those little diamond shapes?
Oh, I didn't know that.
So three diamonds.
Interesting.
Isn't Namco have a similar story behind it?
I wasn't sure.
The words.
I think so.
I think there's a similar thing going on there.
But anyway.
And some of the arcade hardware that games like DDR and so forth ran on.
So System 573.
Yeah, it was System 573.
So, you know, even though, you know, I don't want you guys to think we have a bias towards Konami.
Because in some ways, our love of those series makes us hold their feet to the flame even more.
Like, you know, I'm kind of sad that DDR kind of isn't what it used to be.
But like all things, it's, you know, kind of come and gone and had its thing.
But yeah, Jamie?
Actually, Act of Death said high scores in a lot of Konami games have 57,300 is the high score.
Yes, yes.
Very, very good point.
So yeah.
The interesting thing is 765 according to Dark Tetsuya.
There you go.
So yeah, there's, you know, a lot of those sorts of jokes and everything.
But, you know, we obviously, if it weren't for this series of games, this show wouldn't exist.
Plain and simple.
I mean, I don't know if I would have ever met Loki or Dark Soccer.
I mean, maybe, you know, nerds are kind of a small circle.
Maybe at a con somewhere down the line.
But things probably wouldn't have played out the way they did.
I'd be throwing stuff at you at Rocky.
Yeah, right?
You probably would have found me that way eventually.
I would have found you through Rocky.
Who knows? Who knows?
Like, it would just be like a totally different circle.
Like, so we do owe a lot to that, you know, despite the way things are 12 years later.
You know, we owe a lot to that.
So here on this episode 573, we definitely want to tip our hat and say thank you to Bomani and the people that made it possible.
You know, we made a lot of our friends through playing this game.
Some of them went to go on to work on the game.
You guys know Shane, one of my best friends.
He's on the show a lot.
He actually worked at Konami for a short while in some games.
We have a lot of friends at the show, people like Mel B and so forth.
What I had hoped to do tonight for episode 573 was try to get some of those people together and have a little bit of a party and reminisce a little bit.
Unfortunately, just everything I had going on in my personal life with my final Rocky Horror show after 16 years last week.
Or sorry, actually that was on Friday.
And BlizzCon coming up next week and Vegas a couple of weeks ago, it's just like this was the worst possible time for this number episode to have fallen for me personally.
So unfortunately we'll have to kind of just table some of that to a future episode.
Either something for like 20 November or maybe like episode 600 or something later down the line.
But we still want to make something like that happen in the future.
And I apologize, I couldn't make it happen tonight.
But you know, busy life.
And Flaco, didn't Flaco, well he was working at Konami, but I don't know if he worked on DDR.
Yeah, he did work at Konami for a short time. I don't remember if he was DDR or not.
I know the Winx was his big thing.
Yeah, I remember those stories.
But yeah, that was part of it too.
So anyway, Dar Tetsuya actually compiled some of this stuff together about where is Bomani now.
So I thought we would take a walk down memory lane and catch up with our favorite music based video games.
What do you guys think? Do you even know where DDR is today you guys?
I can't even.
You can't even possibly. Let's take a trip down memory lane.
DDR 2014 is out in Japan. It's pretty much a software update, changing the interface and adding new songs.
They do get events via EMUs, including things like Bomani Stadium, which had a baseball theme to it.
Each game in the Bomani series had its own team logo, and you could play special songs and charts.
But if you want to play Extra Sage, you have to use Konami's pay-to-play service, Paselli.
That's the norm for releases in Japan nowadays, apparently.
BeatMania 2DX is up to 2DX 22, or Pen Jewel.
It has like a light-dark theme that switches between two time periods.
What time of day and the date that you play factors into some of the unlocks. That's kind of interesting.
Some of the songs have a new difficulty chart to them called Legendaria with a little cross.
There's actually a Coca-Cola Cross Bomani crossover in the game, and you unlock skins with different Coca-Cola brand logos.
Like there was a green lane cover with a Sprite logo on it. I had no idea that was a thing.
Did you know that you can have Soda branded 2DX lanes now, apparently?
Is there a Surge branded lane?
Maybe. One can only hope.
Pop and Music, as of the 21st game, they've stopped numbering them.
The one that's out now is Lapistoria.
They've also stopped using genres for the song titles, but that's just for this new game.
Guitar Freaks and Drummania is up to Gita Dora Overdrive.
There's no longer long version songs.
Sorry, they were taken out at one point, and they just came back in Overdrive.
So, that's that.
Dance Evolution, which is their take on the Kinect-style game.
They had that game as a Kinect launch game.
There's an arcade version in Japan.
The arcade game got several song updates and some more crossovers from other Bomani games.
U-Beat, which a lot of people mispronounce Ju-Beat because it has a J, but the J is actually silent.
It's Yu-Beat.
U-Beat has a game called U-Beat Saucer for Film.
That was the last one they did there.
Reflect Beat is up to Reflect Beat Groovin', which is like a music game in air hockey,
and I believe that's out on the iPad if you want to try that out in iOS.
And Sound Voltex is up to Sound Voltex 2.
And there's a third installment that's been announced called Gravity Wars.
So, Bomani ain't dead.
It's just a little different now than it used to be, and I kind of stopped following it as closely as I once did,
especially when they stopped releasing all the home versions.
Like, do you know how bad I want BeatMania 2DX on the PlayStation 3 or 4?
But then I realized I'm probably one of the only people that would want BeatMania 2DX on the PlayStation 3 or 4.
Well, they should do a digital version or something.
You would think, or I don't know, but then how do you get the controller?
Like, you could do it through PlayStation Now or something, but then how do you do the controller?
Remember trying to play BeatMania 5 key with a PlayStation controller? Because you could do it.
Not very well.
And there's that horrible, horrible, horrible 360 remake of popin' music called Beat and Groovy
that looked like it was literally half-finished when they released it, that you had to use the controller.
There was no popin' music controller ever released for it.
So, there it is.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat saying, Bomani is dead, yo.
BeatMania 2DX, 24 Doritos.
Well, I mean, also Konami did a lot of downscaling, right?
They closed the office that was in the Bay Area.
I think they closed the one in Hawaii some time ago, right?
That's gone. And that's where a lot of the DDR was coming from stateside.
So, you know, and you look at Konami now, and we've even joked about this in the past,
like, what do they have going right now besides Metal Gear and, you know, soccer?
Well, P.T. came out of nowhere, to be fair.
And P.T. looks pretty fuckin' amazing, which is Silent Hill, obviously.
That looks pretty awesome.
But, you know, Konami isn't really crankin' out the games like it used to.
It's the Kojima Soccer Machine.
Yeah, it's the Kojima Soccer Company, in a way.
They should really change the name.
There you go. Do you guys have a, just before we get into some longer-form news
and Housekeeping and all that and what we've been playing,
do you guys have, like, a favorite memory looking back on the years and years of O.L.R.,
especially the music game days?
Do you have a memory of what kind of music games did for you?
I don't know. I just like coming to the parties. That was fun.
I was just here for the parties.
Lugging my StepMania computer setup, you know, that was fun.
I remember when you built a custom machine for Roseville Golf Land,
and they had it for all of, like, a week.
Yeah, then they charged me $300 in taxes for my work.
Oh, so awful. So awful.
Yeah, they suck ass.
Because it was $1,000 for that machine to buy all the hardware for it and stuff,
and they paid me for it, but then they also gave me a tax form.
So I was like, but I just purchased things. I didn't actually do any labor,
so why are you taxing me? Oh, well, we have to give this to you in no way.
What I should have done is given them a wrong Social Security number,
but I was dumb, so.
That would be wrong.
BlackDeftInChat says, Konami should do something like PT for Bimani.
They could call it BT, Bimani Teaser.
BlackWolf says, Konami is now mostly a casino company.
The gambling games is what makes them their money.
That's true. You know, when I was at the Final Fantasy Fan Fest,
I saw this giant machine there. It was like this huge rotating wheel,
you know, pretty little thing at the Rio, and it had the Konami logo there in the corner.
And we didn't sell the licensing rights in for some of that stuff,
because that would be awesome to, like, offload the licensing rights
to somebody that would actually make games for it.
It's iOS now. That's where they're making some of their money back,
is YouBeat on iOS and ReflectBeat and all that stuff, whatever.
DarkSakura, do you have a favorite memory,
kind of looking back on the years and years of music gaming?
I remember when I finally passed my first 7 in 2DX.
I think I squealed and broke people's eardrums.
I think I was there when that happened.
Wasn't it, like, WarGame or something?
It was 250 BPM. That was a lot of people's first 7.
No, no, no, no, no. It wasn't 250.
No, you did pass something else, and then, like, I want to say-
And then I did 250 BPM.
Yeah, you played that, like, as your next song, and then you passed that too,
and you're like, I am awesome!
It was something really bizarre, though.
Yeah.
And then my third one was Last Message. Remember?
Because it had that little drum bar heart that was my favorite.
And then, of course, you know, I remember passing my first 9s, my first 8s.
I remember the birthday party we had on the floor by the fourth mix machine,
where Jessica brought cake, and I had my box of candy from Japan,
and we sat on the floor and ate fucking cake with our fingers.
And, like, nobody at Golf Land seemed to care.
They're like, oh, it's them.
Oh, it's them.
And then the no shadowing party, the no shadowing thing,
so we decided to shadow everybody.
Oh.
On Para Para.
That's right.
When they tried to make that a rule that there was no shadowing allowed.
And so everyone did it.
Everybody did it in protest.
And then how it actually became my goal every trip to have somebody kicked out.
And I did. Damn those Roseville kids.
I used to have a really slow laptop that I'd have Dex Drive hooked up to
that'd make custom DDR edits.
My favorite contest that ever happened on this show was Loki's Make Edit Get Porn.
That was the thing in the early episodes of OLR.
He had a big box of porn that he gave away to some kid.
Whatever happened to that guy?
Some kid that made an edit.
His life was forever changed.
Yeah, right.
Do you remember-
He was 18.
When I say kid, I meant younger than me.
Do you remember the edit I made for Tengoku? Or .59?
Yeah. It was like-
Called Another.
Yeah.
And it was all the background offbeat stuff.
Somebody actually passed it.
I said, if anyone can pass this, I will buy you dinner.
And it was passed by-
Was it Rick?
No, no, no, no. Rick didn't pass it.
It was passed by Bran of DDR Freak.
Ah.
In Las Vegas.
Nice.
I didn't buy him dinner. He said it was okay.
But he bought it and then said I was-
He beat it and then said I was evil.
He used to love him.
I remember we went to that Konami event thing and they were talking about all the different-
It was Metal Gear Solid 3. I think they were showing off Metal Gear Online or whatever.
But I was more excited about the machine that they had there.
Yeah.
I was like, oh, I'll play that.
You were the first non-Konami person in America to play Supernova.
Yeah. And I had Naoki watching me.
Yeah.
That was really awesome.
That was definitely a moment of like, oh shit, this little show we started in the spare bedroom to extend our conversations.
This is like a thing. It was a moment.
I remember I took the trip to San Diego to play Max when it was new.
I was already in San Diego, but I made it a point I have to go to this arcade and I have to play Max.
Yeah.
And so that was- They also had a 2DX sub stream at that mall.
Oh gosh. Good times.
I would say one of my favorite memories, being a little self-referential here, but I don't care.
Probably the very first episode of Orange Lawns Radio that we did, because remember I lived in that house with a friend of mine from high school.
And OLR was originally set up to have a very different tone because it was like every week was almost like a little bit of a house party,
which is why it didn't last very long that way, where we had people in the background playing 2DX and passing songs and people would be in the other room playing DDR.
And it was like, it really was every week like a celebration, especially in the early years.
And that was just a lot of fun, just getting everybody together, even though the sound quality was such shit.
I remember-
Going back and listening to it now.
I remember the amazing migraine I had.
Yeah.
Oh, that was awful.
That's all I remember about that show is the migraine and the king of iron fingering.
I remember from the very first show when you were- I actually think I have a clip of it.
Oh god, no.
I have a clip, because remember we used to do the teasers?
Yeah, but please don't play that because-
When OLR was the station?
Please, please, please, no.
Aww, why not?
Because I sounded stupid.
No, you didn't. I thought it was hilarious.
Fine. I was trying to talk about the Tetsujin, which I meant the Iron Man thing, and it was-
No, no, it wasn't that. That's not the clip. This is a different clip anyway, so don't worry about that. It's not the iron fingering.
That was a later episode, and I don't remember which one it was, but it is-
I thought it was the first one.
No, it was not the first one. The first one was this one.
Oh my god.
Okay, you ready? You ready to hear this?
No.
Wait for the sound quality here, and I'm gonna warn you guys. This is a 40-second clip. This is a commercial that used to be-
OLR was a station for a little while that had the highlight show every Sunday night. Here it is. A flashback for episode one.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Attention to parents at Golf Land. This goes for not just Roseland Golf Land, but any golf land.
Any arcade.
Jamie circulates a lot. She gets around, Jamie.
Oh yeah, baby.
And many different arcades.
She gets around.
I am such an arcade whore.
Mother, your child. Jamie will.
Yes, I will spank your child. If you're not gonna do your job, goddammit, I will.
Join us every Sunday night from seven o'clock until nine o'clock.
See? The times change, but not much else has changed.
You know, and now that I think about that, I don't want to be somebody else's child's parent, because I don't even have my own.
Why the fuck would I want somebody else's kids?
That was when we were having, I was having to go around and tell people not to change their diapers on the keyboard mania, because that's fucking disgusting.
Why would you even have to do that? I mean, seriously.
Because this is California and people are stupid and think that they're entitled to do whatever they want whenever they want.
That's a changing table, not a piano.
No, because this is California and people feel like they're entitled to do whatever they want whenever they want to and it's fucking stupid.
Alright, how about, how about one more before we get into our game movies? One more.
It better not be the fingering.
No, because you weren't here for episode two. This is episode two.
That was when I was in the gay frat house.
I have no idea.
I was at 69.
I knew, I knew what the episode one bumper was with that, but I have no idea what this one is.
So, uh, this could be anything. This might be stupid for all I know. We'll see.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who was the last person to put their coin up?
I'm going after that person. The hell with the rescue.
Although, I almost got killed by a little kid.
A little, I think a little four-year-old threatened to cut me at Stockton Golf Line.
When I, I got up there and said, I'm playing.
Because this person put their token up. She starts talking about, no, he's mine, he's mine, I'm going to cut you.
I'm going to kill you in the face. I'll kill my mommy on you.
Where, where is your mother? Your mother just left you here for me to babysit you. Go away.
Mommy's on the corner. She's earning dinner money.
Oh, my. The views and opinions of Chris Conley and Julia.
She's looking for daddy.
Join us every Sunday night from 7pm.
Once again, not much has changed. Loki making inappropriate jokes.
She's on the corner making dinner money.
Good times. Good times.
That actually reminded me of when I was at, um, Country Club Lanes.
And the drunk guy tried to punch me and Dan got in a fight with him.
I don't remember that. Oh, my God.
Yeah. I boycotted, uh, Country Club Lanes and went on a big tirade about them on DDR Freak.
Oh, my gosh.
I remember going there, like, at midnight to play at three in the morning.
Because they're open 24 hours a day and play DDR Fifth Mix because they have Fifth Mix.
This is back when they still had the first one. The US first one.
Oh, yeah.
And, um, this little kid kept trying to get up on the pad while I was playing doubles, which is back in the day when I was playing doubles.
And I was like, you're going to get hurt. You're going to get hurt.
And so she runs off. Next thing I know, her daddy comes and says, what are you trying to hurt my kid?
I was like, I was trying not to, dumbass, which is pretty much what I said.
And he was drunk and he's like, well, I'm going to take a swing at you.
And he did. And I blocked him and it hurt him, not me.
And then Dan comes running in, getting all in his face, and the guy gets thrown out by off-duty cops.
I love that here we are, episode 573, and it's the exact same thing as episode one, bitching about unsupervised children.
You know what? If it wasn't such a big problem, we would have to complain about it.
Bobby's saying that we should have, uh, you know, last week on whatever, you know, for all of our, um, podcasts.
You know what we need is some sort of algorithm that it does it automatically. It may make no sense whatsoever, but it would still be funny.
It just cuts a random clip out of the show, like who knows what.
Yeah, or just sections.
Probably be me burping.
We're about to get into, um, how was your gaming week, but Alan just walked into the studio. What's going on here, Alan?
Hello, I'm home early from work.
Hi, welcome home early. What is this you're carrying in your hands?
I'm about to give you a whole bunch of candy.
Yay. Just what I need. Candy, candy. Oh my gosh.
So somebody brought all their leftover Halloween candy to work. Good times.
That's what I did.
Nice. Oh man, a Reese's peanut butter pumpkin. Those things are so good.
Trick or treat. Oh, you know who likes these? Give these to Shane. Shane loves these.
Yeah. All right.
Are those what I think they are?
Andy's mints.
I require two.
The reason why I say give them to Shane because like he's like, Oh, the Olive Garden's awesome because they give you that mint at the end.
I'm like, you know, that's just an Andy's mint, right? Anyway, tell, tell him their Olive Garden mints.
All right.
These are the best things ever.
I know, right?
I got rid of all of my candy at low cat and everybody was like, no, we don't want anymore.
Oh no, I told my, my, uh, we weren't the only ones who discovered that soul caliber could be played with a Sega Dreamcast fishing controller.
I think we actually broke one of them when the two slammed together during a heated match.
It still worked, but it doubled as baby rattle afterwards.
This is what I was doing in college rather than studying.
Now I'm going to let you in on something I was planning to create as my first Unity 2D project, the title Grammar or Death.
At the start of the game, a poor stick figure is trapped in a dungeon tied to a chair.
The player must choose grammatically correct phrases from never ending series of multiple choice questions with continuously decreasing time limit.
One wrong answer will result in a gruesome, gory death of the stick figure, complete with one of many loud screams.
Possibly con, uh, contributed to the game by one Rob Roberts.
But I've decided to scrap all of that because after listening to last week's OLR or last, last week's OLR, whatever you like to call it.
My idea, um, I now have a much better and more amusing idea.
And literally I will say it wasn't my idea.
So thank you for that.
I will say no more.
Now excuse me while I rub my hands together while gloating.
All my love, Aaron Yyr.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Budgie Ferret grammar.
I don't, what, what did we say last week?
I said I wanted another dream game, but I don't remember what it was.
Oh no.
We weren't here last week.
This is last, last week.
Yeah, because it was the rod caliber episode, which came up a couple shows ago.
So, you know, some people catch up, they binge listen to OLR.
Like you binge watch chat rooms.
We trust your memory cause we don't remember half the shit we do.
Tell, tell me what I said.
Um, I still, I like the grammar or death idea.
I think our soccer would have been all about that.
I'm all about that.
No, too violent.
Too violent.
Well, cartoony death might be okay.
Like stick figure death is okay.
That's okay.
So this is not too realistic.
Yyr, I love you.
I want you to be my, my, uh, eternal, not soulmate.
Are we getting the steam version of, uh, Budgie Ferret tossing?
Yeah.
Maybe, uh, maybe you need to postpone work on all these other games until we get Budgie
Ferret tossing on green light and we can, uh, unethically beg for upvotes.
Greetings, OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood turtle, serious turtle.
I was wondering if any of you had tried civilization beyond earth yet.
Rob, I'm looking at you.
Yes.
At first glance at some let's play videos, it really looks like a reskinned Civ 5, but
worse.
Any thoughts?
And on the topic of Forex games, Rob, have you tried Endless Legend yet?
It is unbelievably fun, beautiful, great music, cool stories, and actually adds a lot of new
concepts to the Forex gaming front.
And the price is a nice change too.
I will look it up based on your recommendation.
Now is a really busy period, but I will, uh, especially with the price.
Rob is a busy bee.
Excuse me, the price is right.
Um, well, things are going to come, like, everything kind of built up to this weekend
and once BlizzCon is done, then my calendar clears up, so you, excuse me, hiccups.
Uh, I blame Jamie's, uh, stuff in the flask for that.
But, um.
My hooch.
Your hooch.
Um, but anyway, uh, I will check that out.
As far as Beyond Earth, yeah, I mean, it's easy to compare it to Civ 5 because they look
the same because they're on the hex grid.
But when you really get down to the nitty-gritty rules and the fact that, you know, the tech
tree isn't a tree, it's a web, that right there changes things.
And there's, you know, a bunch of other stuff that's different too.
And the whole, um, harmony versus, what is it, like superiority and purity or something
like that.
Like that throws a whole other monkey wrench into how you win the game is completely different.
Rob's got a Civ boner.
Yeah.
Um, I actually, I'm going to be honest, and I said this last week on the show, I don't
think Beyond Earth is as strong as 5, but it's not bad at all.
And I still think I'm enjoying Beyond Earth probably more than I ever enjoyed Civ 3, which
I never got into at all.
Like, that's the Civ people don't really talk about ever is Civ 3.
So.
All right.
There's more to this email.
Jamie, have a taco on Rob tonight.
No.
No.
I think I got that in one of those, like, bundles.
I don't want to eat a taco on Rob.
They had like Civ 3 for like a buck ninety-nine points.
I don't know if he's clean.
Loki, I'm pretty excited about GTA 5 for PC in January, but be honest with me.
Will the use of the N-word ruin the game for me?
I'm pretty sensitive to cursing in games.
No.
It's, it's not, it's really not that bad.
I mean, cause you're only, it's really, it's really only, uh, Franklin's friend that just
keeps, you know, you know, he just keeps using that over and over because that's the character.
I mean, and it's funny though.
Actually that, that guy that did the voice acting for that, he does, there's a car commercial,
like a, a local used car commercial that you can find him doing that for.
And it's hilarious.
He's just like, he's exactly like his character.
Um, but no, it, the language in the game is not that bad actually.
It's, it's pretty, pretty tame.
It's not, it's not like San Andreas.
Okay.
Oh, sorry.
If you can watch a movie that has course language, then course.
I like that.
Yeah, it's course.
It's like sandpaper.
Like me when I get upset, except that's not a word I would use, but I'll use words that
start with F.
I'm going to use course all the time.
It's all about Trevor anyways.
Trevor is awesome.
Seriously.
Can I finish reading this email?
Yup.
OLR as always, I love the show.
Look forward to the podcast every Monday minus the cursing.
I guess the content and opinions more than make up for it.
Your loyal turtle and Philly serious turtle.
I'm really effing sorry about my mouth.
You know what?
Language only has power.
If you give it power, you probably like the Bobby black Wolf show.
I, you know, I don't, I, I respect that some individuals prefer not to use that language,
so that's, that's fine.
Just bear with me cause I was raised differently, so sometimes I let them fly.
Yeah.
I just remember the one day that I nearly dropped my mouth open when my mom said one
day I'd end up up shit Creek.
I was like, mom, since then has been just the one time she ever cursed in front of me
while I was a kid.
I was like, wow, mom.
Congratulations on.
Okay.
This one comes from hit Stan.
Um, congratulations on your new high score.
I have a question.
When you return to a familiar music game, what kinds of music do you play on?
Do you go back to license songs or old video game tunes?
You know, do you try to full combo and easy song or challenge the games?
Infinitely heart songs right away.
I normally look for Prague rock with fast patterns and tempo changes.
It's hard to read those note charts, but conquering that makes me, excuse me.
I have hiccups makes me feel like a boss.
I would like to not have hiccups.
Hi.
I gave them to you.
Coffee flavored hiccups.
Um, I usually just go back and do the ones that were the most fun to me, even if I get
past them.
If I'm playing a new game, like, um, an example I could give is that I actually was playing
Hatsune Miku on PS3 cause it was on sale a couple of weeks ago while I was at fan fest.
So that actually was like a new to me anyway, music game that I was playing.
And I just would listen to a little previews and usually I tend to, uh, uh, drift towards
a trancy songs in that game.
And I wish I could remember the name of that one song.
There's one song in there.
There's one song in there I really, really liked.
It's kind of trancy.
It's one of the other characters.
It's not Hatsune Miku, but I love that you can put the other characters in the video,
including the men.
So they can do all these very like, you know, uh, female oriented motions or, and he can
do vice versa.
You can have females do the guy parts and it's fun.
I think I just had something really offensive in chat.
Did you?
I want to say the song was called die, but D Y E I think it was the song I liked.
Ciel said Rob needs Jesus.
You're nasty.
You saw what I said.
Yes, I did.
I'm not repeating it on the air.
All right.
That's why I don't finish the email.
Was that, was that?
No, there's more.
Okay.
Remember even when the given choices suck, there's always another option.
Vote for Hollick.
This email is brought to you by Columbus, Ohio, home of the never ending freeway construction.
I've been listening to OLR since the to go edition in October 9th, uh, October, 2005.
And it always helps me pass the time on my commute every week.
Keep on going until you break the counter.
Oh, that was sweet.
That is, that is a long time to be listening stuff too.
Last email.
Yay.
Last email.
Hi folks.
It's the rage nator.
I thought I'd send a quick email to ask a question and to impart some info.
First things first, the info for those who are PC gamers via via steam origin, et cetera.
I found a site that aggregates news about game giveaways.
Here is the link and it's, um, actually at, uh, epic bundle.com.
Um, it's a much longer link, but I think you can get there just by going from epic bundle.com and I'm not getting struck by lightning because I'm a good Jewish girl.
Um, if you take a look at, uh, if you take a look at the page, two thirds of the way down the page, there's a yellowish newsfeed box that's regularly updated.
I suggest keeping an eye on this.
Now, considering that Halloween was two days ago, I thought I'd pose this question.
What classic games do you traditionally like to play around Halloween?
There's a Halloween feel to it.
Personally, let's play super ghouls and ghosts, Castlevania one and four, medieval nightmare creatures, frozen evil one through three and hexen.
It's actually funny.
We had, um, Dan just put on like all of the, uh, uh, Makamura music.
The Daimakaimura music, cause that's really the best, but he had like different iterations from different systems and then, uh, played some Castlevania music for all the kids come into the door.
And, but, um, honestly, uh, I like to play like really bad scary games, like the nightmare on a little street game, which is laughably stupid and the Friday the 13th game, which is also laughably stupid.
And, uh, I kind of liked Friday the 13th on NES.
Yeah, that was laughable.
Um, I don't, I mean, keep in mind, I've had a very different Halloween tradition for about the past 16 years.
So I don't really have a video game related tradition.
Um, I will be looking to start one soon, I guess. I don't know.
I sadly, I can't really answer this question.
I mean, I play scary video games whenever, well, I don't like to play them a lot because, you know, my heart can only take so much and I get scared really easily.
Have you played Among the Sleep yet?
No, but I was gifted by a kind, generous listener named ActDeft a copy of Five Nights at Freddy's saying, wink, wink, nudge, nudge, you should stream this sometime.
And I'm like, I'm, I want to say thank you for your kindness.
I'm afraid of getting that game.
I want to say thank you for your kindness and generosity and thinking of me.
But on the other hand, I want to say, fuck you.
You know what?
Sorry to the guy who doesn't like story.
You know what? I think that would make an awesome movie.
What, Five Nights at Freddy's?
Yeah.
You know the sequel's already-
Oh yeah, already greenlit.
Yep.
It didn't need a campaign to make that happen.
And I'll tell you, people are already cosplaying. It's crazy.
That's just furries looking for an excuse.
No, no, no, no. That's-
No disrespect.
That's all the Rocket Raccoon cosplay.
Or, does Groot count, maybe?
Alright.
That'd be more leafies.
Woodies.
Woodies. Yeah, that's what I'm going to call plant cosplay woodies.
So that's it.
Alright.
That's it for the mailbag.
If you want to participate in a future week, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
This is the part of the show where we get angsty, and we're going to get into the FUs of the week.
FU to the ongoing pain in my left ear.
It's not like a deep ear infection. I actually did go to the doctor, but it's like, when you press on one part of it, it hurts.
And it's not as bad as it was, but when I yawn or open my mouth, because it feels kind of like TMJ, except it pulls on my ear and makes my ear hurt.
So when I turn my head a certain way, it hurts.
I've been getting headaches because of it.
My doctor gave me ear drops. He said that the eardrum looks fine. I didn't have an infection, but it looks really red and horrible in there.
And I work on the photos.
Which is why many people are ever going to find out where I work.
Except for the people that I've actually told.
And no, I'm not pressing on it, but sometimes I roll over and lean on things.
It was hurting on my pillow. That's how bad it was.
FU number two to the manic panic that only took on a little bit of my hair.
That means I have to re-dye my ends, which I was going for red and purple.
And I had another FU, but fuck it.
Alright, Loki.
I guess FU two, this headache that hasn't gone away and I've been taken since and stuff for it just doesn't seem to go.
But, I'm actually going to use this for another thing.
I wanted to mention that if you are interested in Five Nights at Freddy's, that they do have it as part of the Halloween Humble Bundle.
You pay over the average, which as of right now is $5.32.
You get it.
Along with a bunch of other games.
That's good for another three days.
Alright, my FU of the week goes to I'm With You, headaches, because I had a really bad one at a really, really, really bad time.
And yeah, FU to headaches, that's for sure.
FU to panic attacks.
I'm pretty sure I had another one of those in the past week.
That's no fun.
And then FU to being thrown under the bus.
I'm pointing at my eyes, I'm pointing at you.
I'm pointing at my eyes, I'm pointing at you.
Let's move on with some more gaming news while I figure out why the oven won't stop beeping.
Because it's completely possessed by Satan.
Satan, yes.
I don't believe in Satan.
So this is kind of cool, we talked about this a little bit.
That there was this lawsuit from Manuel Noriega who was attempting to sue Activision because of his portrayal in Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
You know, being portrayed as some sort of dictator and an all-around bad guy.
Kidnapped murderer, enemy of the state type thing.
Well, kind of is that.
But anyways, the lawsuit has been dismissed.
So, too bad, so sad.
You don't get any money.
But, I don't know.
It's interesting, actually it was funny because me not following politics or anything, I had no idea that the character in the game was actually a real person.
Because they make up a lot of fictional villains in these games, so it's hard to tell them apart.
It's okay, you were pretty young in the 80s and I think that guy was all, his name was all over the place, you know.
So, I forgot about that lawsuit though until you brought it back up.
Anyway, one more story for you guys before we get to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
And that has to do with the second chance at a game you might have missed.
Valkyria Chronicles was a Playstation 3 game, which I don't think a lot of people really checked out.
Because it didn't really come up on a lot of people's radars, but it was a pretty good tactical game.
It's getting a second chance on the PC, which is interesting seeing more and more of these companies put out titles that were once on console, like I know Square has been doing this a lot lately too, on PC.
So, Valkyria Chronicles will be coming out on PC on November 11th for $20 or 20 Euros depending on where your region is.
This is also interesting. You get, I think there was some DLC that was included as well, although that's not in this particular story I'm looking at.
I'm assuming that's, you know, everything together. You can find some deals on the internet, by the way.
Some sites are offering it for $13.86 or $14.99, so just look around.
So, there you go. That's a pretty darn good deal for a game I think a lot of folks might have missed, Valkyria Chronicles.
I only played a little bit of it. I think Alan owned the game, so I played a little bit of it, but unfortunately didn't get into it too much and I certainly didn't beat it.
It's just one of those games where probably some MMO got in the way and I never did end up beating it.
Alright, anyway, we are going to open up Skype line. It is that time. Let's take some calls.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you'd like to call and participate with our program on whatever topic you'd like to bring up.
Or maybe there's something we didn't get to tonight that you want to bring up. Perhaps a game that you've been playing that you want to review or something along those lines.
Looking quickly at our Twitter over at Twitter.com slash OLR, Dark Tetsuya tweeted us during the show here saying,
Try as I might to locate the Orange Bats DDR routine on YouTube. I'm afraid the search has ended in failure, Frowny.
Don't worry, I'm sure DarkSakura is probably rejoicing a little bit for that. Alright.
I actually have it on a desk somewhere in my house.
Do you really? You should bring that up. Anyway, we're going to go to the phones. We have a call coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, how are you doing? It's me, Pau here.
Hey, Pau. Wow, I don't think you've called into the show before and we see you. How are you doing?
Pretty good. I've been just thinking about calling, not calling for almost three, four weeks, but I wasn't really sure and I decided to do it.
Where are you from, Pau?
I was born in Spain.
Oh, okay. Where do you live now? In the States? Canada?
Yeah, I'm in California now.
Oh, you're in California. What part?
Yeah, Palm Springs.
Okay, Palm Springs. Oh, that's where all the fun parties happen. Alright.
All my neighbors are like 70s, so super quiet.
There's a lot of old people in Palm Springs, quite a few.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy? You made the decision to call into the show. Glad you did. What's up?
Yeah, I was wondering with so many games coming out and with just so many releases at the same time, I was wondering for you guys so far, what was the biggest surprise of the year?
Like, which game? You were not really sure and then you realized that you just can't stop playing it.
Ooh, this is a tricky question to get put on the spot with. Alright, let's see. Do you guys have an answer for Pau's question?
And I invite the chat room to answer this too.
Sure, put it off on everyone else, Rob.
Well, no, it seems like Pau is taking a poll. I don't know if he's trying to catch up on some games that he might have missed, but what are some games this year that surprised you?
I started playing Off this year. I was surprised at how good it was.
Off?
Off. You play as the batter and you're an avatar and you have to go on this holy adventure, but you walk around with a bat.
It's a weird French game and it's got a translation out. That and I did expect to love Hataful Boyfriend as much as I do.
There you go, Hataful Boyfriend. Loki, anything you can think of?
Sadly, most of the surprises this year have been games that have been a lot more terrible than I thought they were going to be.
You know, like, I guess Watch Dogs wasn't as good as I had hoped. Elder Scrolls Online, at least based off the beta, wasn't that great?
I would say that probably in the positive, maybe, I was surprised, I haven't played it yet, but Far Cry 4 looks really good.
I wasn't expecting it at Far Cry 4 this year and, I mean, that looks pretty fantastic.
So, they'll be coming out in just a couple weeks here and, I don't know, Destiny's kind of okay, I guess.
I don't know, Sunset Overdrive, I guess, would be a good surprise. Once again, I haven't played that.
Call of Duty, I was kind of expecting to be good, so that wasn't really much of a surprise.
I don't know, maybe Bayonetta 2? I mean, I haven't played that, but it looks good.
I'm having a hard time thinking of stuff that was out this year that's not, like, obvious.
Like, I could say, oh, the Final Fantasy XIV on PlayStation 4, because that turned out really, really well, but I feel like that's kind of a cop-out answer.
Or I could say the Diablo 3 expansion. The Diablo 3 expansion, because it fixed all the problems of the game.
How about Shovel Knight?
I was going to say Shovel Knight! You cut me off! Damn you! He took my answer. Shovel Knight.
Shovel Knight was really fun, I played it. For me, I think it was probably Bayonetta 2.
I was cautiously optimistic, because when that game has that kind of, you know, now get cancelled and then goes back again.
I was cautiously optimistic, but I just played and I just had so much fun.
I cannot remember the last time that I played a game and I genuinely loved what I was playing.
From the first second, when she just says, well, I just need some shoes that don't have guns on them, the lines were so ridiculous, but so good.
The controls were improved, the camera was improved, so I think it just improved everything on the original.
Even the online mode worked good, I mean.
I don't know about you, but I just laugh and laugh and laugh playing that game, because it's so over-the-top.
Even from the very beginning, in the opening sequence with the New York City Christmas, it's just so over-the-top.
I can't help it. I always scream laughing at some stuff. You know what that is, when you start screaming laughing.
I think it's also just so hard and so refreshing to see a feminine character that at the same time is really feminine, but at the same time is extremely aggressive.
I think it's really challenging sometimes to write, so I thought they showed them making off to promote the game, and it was really clear that it was written with a girl developer.
I just think the mix was just really, really good. I thought the writing was just really, really funny. Even the online mode worked great.
I'm looking at our chat room to see if there's some votes in there.
Dungeon Buster says Alien Isolation is good if you're an Alien fan. I've heard that's a good, scary game, too.
A lot of folks are telling me to play that one and stream it to watch me pee my pants live.
Let's see, some folks in the chat room, a couple of people saying Wolfenstein was really fun.
Yeah, I heard that was really good.
I've heard that, too. I haven't played it myself, but I have a friend-
I feel like Downsize the Hero is really short. That's why I didn't buy it, but I do want to buy it.
That's a really good feedback.
Yeah, I sort of go, oh, it's another reimagining of this game that had its limelight back in the 90s, but apparently it is really good.
Well, you may remember, they have re-released- not re-released it, but tried reimagining it a few times now.
So, I don't know. It's not entirely new.
All right. Well, there you go, pal. There are some of our suggestions here from the chatters and us in the studio.
All right. Well, thank you for having me, and I hope that Dark Sakura gets better with her ear issues.
I have some chronic issues on my left one, so I understand her pain.
Thank you. I appreciate that. It's thankfully getting better.
Just, I thought that it was completely better today, so I went without my medication, and IKEA ruined me.
Oh, and my recommendation is if you can avoid it and don't use good headphones like this one, because I have chronic problems.
They always make it better if it's painful.
I have to use the work headphones, but other than that, I don't really use them, so yeah. But thank you.
All right. Well, thank you for having me.
Healing vibes to you both. Take care. Anytime, pal. Don't be a stranger.
Bye. Bye.
I always like hearing from new people here on Orange Laundry. I mean, don't get me wrong. I love our serial collars as well.
Is that his icon? His icon looks like him.
Yeah, I think that was a little me. Let me bring that up again here.
Oh, that's cool.
So, you can see that there.
Oh, yeah. That looks just like him. Well done.
No, I like when people do avatars with preset stuff, and they actually get it to look like them. Like, mine looks like me, I think.
Do you think my me looks like me?
Yeah. He's got your weird, you know, nose. I'm kidding.
My weird nose?
I like your weird nose. It's very Dutch.
Do you know that when, just to see, do you know that when I was born, apparently, when I, you know, came from the place that babies come from.
When you squelched forward.
The first thing my mom said was, he has the blank her maiden name. He has the blank nose.
Dan has the family nose. I think it's really a Dutch thing, you know?
Might be, might be. Let's get to some more calls. Skype's lighting up tonight, but we have time to get a few more in here.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft. How you doing, buddy?
Really good, really good.
What's in your mind?
Well, since you brought Steam during most of some of the show, I also wanted to talk about something Steam did recently.
Oh, sure. What's that?
They changed the currency in Mexico to pesos.
I had seen you tweeting about this. So, since a lot of our listeners probably don't have that perspective from not living in Mexico, tell us about, like, what this change is and what it means.
Well, some background first. And I have said this before on the show, that most of the games here sold on stores and that stuff cost way more than they cost in the United States.
Right.
Basically because of conversion and import fees and taxes and all that stuff, all that good stuff.
Well, it's just like here if you want to buy a game that was released in Japan, we pay a shit ton of extra money for that.
Yeah, basically, but at least that's a real import, but like the stuff that was released in the United States or in America, basically, it costs a lot.
Only a few companies like Microsoft and sometimes Sony do match price, at least don't go a higher price.
Nintendo stuff here sells a really high price.
Yikes. So, what did Steam do to help this get better?
First, a lot of people, including me, thought that Steam was going to turn for the worse, that they were going to charge high prices or they weren't going to be at least that affordable, maybe.
But they came and it actually surprised me a lot because not a lot. Most of the games, like 99% of the games, cost way cheaper than the United States prices.
Wow, interesting.
Like, for example, Civilization Beyond Earth, it costs $50 on Steam in the United States. Here it costs 440 pesos. In the conversion, it's more or less like $40.
Well, that's not fair. I'm opening up a Mexican account and I'm going to buy all my games with pesos. It's no fair.
Everyone should do that. And it's something curious because it's not only here that happens. It's also on places like Russia and I think Brazil also have cheaper prices than the United States.
That's something that, and I didn't know this until a few months ago, that a lot of people buy from Russians or people on other places just to buy cheaper.
I have heard of this before. In fact, I think this is how friends I know got cheap copies of Mass Effect 3 was like Russian keys or something like that from doing it that way.
And then I like how I'm talking about getting cheaper games. I'm sure my friends over in the UK are like, shut up, because everything's more expensive over there.
Do you think that maybe part of Steam wanting to start accepting the pesos in the community and so forth is to try and foster more of the trading card and the marketplace?
Did that all recently open up for you guys too? Because I'm wondering if that might be a motive.
No, no, that's something we have always had. Even the market, I could sell the cards or even items from like Pink Fortress 2 and we got the amount in dollars, but now I get pesos.
But that's something that we always have done. It's not something that is region locked. Something really curious though, especially carrying to the market.
Like for example, you can now pay, not like credit, but it's something that you purchase the game on Steam, but you don't necessarily have to use a credit card or a gift card for example.
You need to go to a convenience store like 7-Eleven just to make an example. We have a convenience store called Oxo. Oxos are everywhere. You can go to every corner and you can find one.
So you can basically go there and pay your game and that's it. So yeah, it's really convenient too for people that don't have a credit card or even a PayPal account. So you can basically just go to the store and pay for your game and that's it.
Interesting. Well, thank you for giving us a little insight as to how it works in other countries because sometimes we are very blinded by what we've got here locally. It's always interesting to hear what goes on in other countries.
And having to deal with the conversions, but not anymore on Steam and now you're getting the better end of the deal.
Yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Alright, enjoy it while it lasts.
Hopefully it never ends.
Alright, well take care my friend and we'll let you go to get some more calls.
Okay, looking forward to you playing Five Nights at Freddy's.
Yeah, we'll see, we'll see. Alright, bye my friend.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 game OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Alan's the best, he just brought me pizza. He's so cool.
Alan can bring me pizza.
Alright.
Alan, pizza.
OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype, all one word.
Or 1877 game OLR.
Yeah, you had a burrito.
I can tease if I want to Rob.
It's your party and you'll tease if you want to.
Uh, that sounded wrong.
Alright, well let's get to the phones. It's lighting up tonight, oh my gosh.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
It's the one and only Rama.
I see you Rama. Uh oh, what's in the glass?
Uh, it's a little bit of rum and coke.
Good times.
I was going to ask if you were drinking antifreeze.
Not as good as the hooch I had.
No, I'm drinking in honor of a good friend, so.
Alright, well I'll drink to them too.
Good, good, good.
Alright, what's on your mind my friend?
Well, first of all I want to second act deaf and yeah, you have to do a live stream of Five Nights at Freddy's.
I don't like peer pressure, but I do like this pizza.
Rob, I will watch you play, I will come over while you play Five Nights at Freddy's.
Will you hold my hand?
I will hold your hand.
Yay.
And then I will fucking laugh my ass off.
Wow, Jamie, you're a good friend.
I'm the best.
I know, right?
We'll see, after Blizzcon, after Blizzcon.
Oh, don't even get me started off at Blizzcon. I got a friend of mine, she's going nuts with her cosplay, getting it done for Blizzcon.
I'm like, that's not...
Is this our same friend?
No, different friend.
Okay.
Rob is popular, he has lots of friends.
By the way, did you see Kayla's costume?
Yes, I did.
The disciple?
That was fucking gorgeous.
Everyone needs to not give her a hard time for doing Homestuck cosplay.
We give everybody shit for every single cosplay that they do.
It's just, but I do understand where you're coming from though.
I do understand though.
Alright, so what's on your mind tonight? Is it just to peer pressure me into live streaming, or is it something else?
Well, that too, but I called in to say congratulations for hitting episode 573.
Thank you, I realize you understand what that means.
Yeah, and then when you were talking earlier about how you got into the Bimani scene, and so I started thinking about how I got into it.
And then I remember that one phone call where... Can I remember her name?
She was on the show, Jason's old lady, and I said if it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have...
Well, what about you guys? You gave her shit for that, and I do remember that.
I remember that as well, yes, yes.
And I think about that, I'm like, well, to be perfectly honest, if it wasn't for my last girlfriend who I was with 10 years back,
I never would have known about all of this, because I go to the con, and I'm like, I see this dance pad sitting here, and I'm like, what the hell is this?
And I step on it, I have no idea what the hell I'm doing, I walk away, and then at the time I'm flirting with her, she's like, do you play DDR?
I'm like, what's that? And she's like, well, does she describe what it is? I'm like, yes, I do play DDR!
And I'm thinking in the back of my mind, where the fuck am I going to find an arcade machine so I can play so I don't know exactly what I'm doing?
That is, that is funny. Well, you know, we always say at the end of every episode, tell a friend about the show, and it works!
We would not have Rama if somebody was not telling a friend about the show. There's a reason we do it.
Mm-hmm, got that right.
Absolutely. Well, thank you very much for the congrats for episode 573, I appreciate that very much.
Hey, I'm going to put you on the spot, because we asked earlier, everybody, if you had to pick one song licensed, well, the two, one licensed, one unlicensed,
best Bamani song ever licensed and unlicensed.
Okay, I did answer that, but I had two answers, but they're both licensed titles, so can I give them?
I don't know, judges?
Sure, I'll allow it.
The first song is My Sweet Darling by Wildside, because that song was so catchy and so awesome, so I went looking to find the full version of the song.
Come to find out, it's a cover by a J-pop artist by the name of Yida Hitomi, who is one of my favorite artists, I listen to her albums on a regular basis.
Nice.
And my number two song is Tiggy Freckles, because when I first heard this song, I'm like, why does it sound familiar to me?
And I'm like, I know this song from somewhere, and then out of the blue, I just happen to be watching Kenshin, and I'm just like, this song, oh my God, it's a cover of Sobokazu by Moroni Kenshin.
I know that song as the song that makes it really easy to get max 300.
Well, then you remember how I would sing it while playing, but I only knew the Japanese lyrics, so I'd be like, I still to this day don't know the English lyrics to it, because I still run through the really high-pitched Japanese vocals in my head.
What am I gonna do when I get, something like that.
You'll find that someone has taken the English soul and just remixed it to Kenshin, I think it's pretty cool.
Oh my gosh.
Alright, well Rama, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks as always for the call.
Hey, no problem.
Listen to Anime Jam Session, but oh, not this week, you guys are on repeat this week, right?
No, we recorded an episode at Zenkai Con, so we'll be putting that in with some extra songs, and you know, we're gonna keep it fresh for everyone.
That's it, so it's taped in advance, but still, it's live, not live from a convention.
Yes, yes, yes.
Alright, check it out.
Alright, thanks my friend, take care.
You too, and instead of staying black, stay fabulous.
I always will, and I snap, and glitter has exploded everywhere.
Pao and I need to talk.
Have a good one.
By the way.
What?
Pao and I need to talk, because once the live-action Kenshin movie, with English subtitles, I know where to find it.
You know where to find it, alright.
Anyway, we are way past time tonight, we gotta wrap up, because, you know, tonight's a school night.
So, I'm sorry to those of you that didn't get through on Skype, please consider sending us an email.
Participate at OrangeLawnTradia.com, but be prepared to be put on the spot.
If you're emailing us to talk about episode 573, be prepared to answer the question about your favorite licensed and non-licensed, and you can only pick one.
We are not waiving it for anybody else.
Dark Sakura was being very kind and generous to Rama.
Anyhow.
Just keep, I am stacking up lots of favors that I'm going to redeem in the form of a ticket to New York, and a place to crash.
Maybe you can cash that one in for, like, an authentic taco from New York City.
Oh, I'm already doing big, big favors.
That thing I told you I'm working on?
Oh yeah, right, right, right.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
Cash those checks, girl.
Cash those checks.
I save them up.
Let me just quickly check in with Loki for any quick last minute headlines here, before we sign out.
Last minute headline, I'm on level 1,964 clicker heroes.
Oh god, I forgot to try that game, that's probably a good thing.
Don't try it.
I won't.
It's pointless.
I don't know why I'm still playing this, just for no reason.
Because you have problems.
I do have problems.
Because I also don't have to look at the screen to play it.
It plays itself.
It plays itself.
Just like cookie clickers.
Alright, well then that being said, we are going to bring another episode of Orange Lounge Radio to a close.
Hey, thank you guys for listening to another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
It was a very diverse episode tonight.
We had some good old fashioned debate and we had some good old fashioned memories looking back on some of the great foundations of where our show came from.
So thank you guys very much for tuning in and supporting the show.
What's that?
I was reminding you that we have a special cookie tonight.
I still have to bring it up.
But that's just for the live listeners.
The podcasters sadly don't get that part.
Because that's where we play things that don't necessarily belong to us.
So anyway, thank you guys very much for listening to the show and supporting independent podcasting.
Remember, if you didn't like Orange Lounge Radio, then support another show.
But if you did like Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or five or fifty about the program.
Who knows?
You might know the next Rama.
Just like somebody referred Rama to this show.
You might know them.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio and keep this the place where every gamer has a voice.
And where we can engage in a lively debate respectfully.
I think that's one thing I really like about what we've been able to do here at Orange Lounge Radio.
That's my thought.
So let me go around and get everybody's final thought.
I'll start with my actual final thought, which would be this pizza is delicious.
Nom nom nom.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Reject false icons.
Oh, look at you going for a classic there.
And last but not least, Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I am done playing cookie cooker today.
Sure, you say that now.
Well, I'm level two thousand one, so I should be good enough.
How many of the achievements have we gotten?
Eighty four percent.
It's not a hundred percent.
All right.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back next week.
Podcasters, you don't have to do anything different.
The show will show up on the feed just like you're used to.
Live listeners, keep in mind, we may be a little bit delayed.
Stay tuned to our Twitter for updates.
And Bobby Black Wolf will also provide updates live at VOG.
But I will be literally walking in the door.
This also means that next week's episode will be produced by Loki.
This will be interesting.
It won't be. It'll be just like it normally is.
He pretty much gives me three quarters of the stories that go on the show anyway.
So it'll be just like any other week at OLR.
So we will see you next week.
I'll be back to talk BlizzCon.
Those of you that will be in Anaheim on Thursday,
I hope to see you at World of Podcasts.
Have a good night everybody. See you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
