Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Microsoft defines some tolerable speech and MOBAs punish intolerable cheaters.
If social issues are getting to be too much, why not use your Nintendo Switch to write a program instead?
These are just some of the stories we'll discuss tonight, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 775 for this May the 5th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts joining studio by the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Well, you're going to have to do something special for 777.
I know. Well, you know, there was a there was a Bomani song because our show is rooted in, you know, music gaming culture.
There's a Bomani song called 777. And I think the plan was always, oh, we're just going to play that song.
But now it's holy. Well, and now we can't.
So we might have to like record ourselves playing it and guitar freaks somehow and then like play that.
I don't know. I don't know what you do or we do a Vegas themed thing.
I don't know. We make it extra sinful.
Golden casino night. Hello, Techmaster Loki, by the way. Hello, I'm here.
The classic game of the week is Vegas Stakes by who did that?
Was that how for Super Nintendo? I think it was the people that went on to make Smash Brothers all those years later.
So that should be another character like, you know, one of the slot machines,
the Vegas dude, the girl that comes up to try to loan you money or try to convince you to loan her money.
And sometimes they pay you back and sometimes they run away with it.
We'll just fight the Vegas showgirl and proteus over and over and over and over.
I hope people know what I'm talking about in that game, by the way.
It was kind of a niche, like Super Nintendo game, but I thought it was awesome.
Anyway. OK, good. I'm not alone.
Looking in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network,
where we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice keeps network vog
network dot com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern. OK, thank you.
Vid Power says, yay, Vegas. I think that's just because the power is in Vegas.
The break man, though, says, oh, shit, I love that game.
And Bobby Blackwell says, I enjoyed Vegas Stakes. There you go.
Hopefully, by the way, if you're listening to last week's show,
you might have heard that we had some live audio issues going on,
which, you know, say lovey things are going to happen.
That's the year that that's why you all turn out for a live show.
And we put it out on the podcast feed warts and all the way that we recorded it.
So we had some mic issues. So hopefully you guys are going to find that those are gone tonight
because Dark Soccer and myself have some brand new microphones.
So we went out on a shopping adventure earlier this week and picked up some microphones.
They probably look different on stream as well.
So, you know, the other ones that we had before, they were great.
They were hand me downs, though, from pod culture, which, you know, of course, we super appreciate that.
But the reality is he had already used them for some time. Then we use them.
We used them up. I mean, gosh, we were in the apartment when we started using those.
That was like five years ago. So I think those mics were just on their last legs,
except Techmaster Loki still has the last of those microphones because these microphones,
I guess these microphones are 100.
They were worried I'm going to break them day one.
These microphones are one hundred dollars a pop. So it was kind of.
To be honest, not a lot in the scope of mics.
Yeah, no, honestly, we we were looking at some, you know, pretty high end mics.
So but these I think are going to work for what we're going to do.
And it was just one of those. All right. Well, maybe we can spend two hundred dollars, but three.
Let's just let's hold off. So we're going to make sure these are good.
We don't have any problems. And then we'll upgrade. And I went lusting after other mics.
Yeah, you were looking at the fancy like like Lana Del Rey singing a sultry song into an old fashioned radio type of mic.
You're like, I want to just live stream with it. Well, that's actually kind of what I'm thinking of doing,
because Dan and I have been working on the live stream set up, but my office is an absolute wreck.
And that and I have plans to do a podcast.
I'll just go ahead and say that plans to do a podcast as a sister.
One of the sisters of perpetual indulgence to kind of expand the ministry and spread love and positivity in a very geeky, draggy kind of way.
Love and positivity. This is gamer culture. Fuck that bitch. Get good.
I'll show you good. I'll be so fucking good. I'm going to spread so much goddamn love.
Fuck y'all. Love everybody. Damn it. Stop being a shit.
That's going to be my podcast is like. All right.
Let's get into things that gamers need to love a little bit. Maybe. I don't know.
I want to start this week's show with our kickoff topic before we get into our gaming weeks.
Always like to bring up one topic to kind of start us off tonight. And this is one I think a lot of people are talking about this week.
Right. So the Sonic the Hedgehog movie trailer came out this week and it was everything we would hope that it would have been.
It got a reaction. Well, I don't know. Loki like you didn't seem so bothered by it.
Tell it. Oh, it was good. I knew it was going to be terrible. Yeah. And so all I cared about was Jim Carrey.
Jim Carrey was awesome. I'm sold. I'll see it even if it's garbage.
OK. For those that don't know, Loki's name does not come from Loki Marvel or like some of the other uses.
It comes from Loki mask like the mask with Jim Carrey, which is is that still like your all time favorite movie, you'd say?
Oh, no. I thought it was like one of your. I mean, it's cool. I like the movie, but it's it's old.
But so, yeah. Well, and now when I watched the Sonic movie trailer, you know, I was kind of like, all right, this just looks like it's for kids.
You know, whatever. Like and I think a really good comparison was made on Twitter for me that like especially when it comes to.
I think the big thing y'all know we're going to talk about is the look of Sonic the Hedgehog. Right.
So I'm not everybody took too well to the look. But, you know, I think the first thing I said on Twitter was, well, you know what?
It doesn't mean this movie is going to tank just because all the video gamers that grew up with Sonic are on Twitter going, what the hell did they do to Sonic?
Because I'm like, you know what? Like movies that we don't always understand why they're successful do very well.
And I was like, they've made how many movies out of those minions, which I think those things are. I don't get it.
I haven't seen a single one and they annoy me.
Granted, yes, the minions are annoying, but the like the actual story in the writing is actually pretty decent.
Like if you just have to like, I don't know, it's all about the 60s, the set pieces.
Well, in a response I got and I think this is from Flocko, I think. Sorry if I'm misappropriating that comment, but I think the reply I got and I thought this was a better comparison is he said he brought up the Smurfs and the Alvin and the Chipmunk movies.
And I was like, oh yeah, those Alvin and Chipmunks look terrible, but like they've made three of those movies, at least two, because one of them opened up against like a Marvel movie or something.
Right. But they'll keep making them because it's just like, you know, they're probably cheap to produce and they make money.
It's just like why there's really bad action movies out there too, because they're cheap to produce and they make money.
But that doesn't mean you have to make it terribly. And I understand that like, just because we don't like the look of Sonic doesn't mean that, well, it's okay, we're not the target demographic.
No, that would be the argument that the story that they are laying out here is kind of dumb and doesn't follow the game.
That would be that kind of argument, but the fact that it looks weird is a problem.
But it could be the fact that like, okay, if all these people that had a say on the creative direction of Sonic, if all these people were saying, this may not be a good idea.
Does that leave concerns about maybe the script isn't a good idea? I don't know. I mean, we're all, a lot of us are making snap decisions based on the trailer.
You know, we don't know what the movie story or anything's going to be. And I guess when I watched the trailer, I was like, oh, they're making another Jim Carrey movie from the 1990s.
And I'm down to bet.
Actually, that's kind of awesome. I'm all for Jim Carrey having a 90s movie.
I'm fine with it being a terrible movie, though. And let's be honest, there are some movies that have really good comedians in it, but they are probably pretty terrible.
There was one, I don't even remember, I think there was another one with Jim Carrey, actually, with penguins or something like that, that there was something to that effect.
I don't think I've seen that one. And then there was one I know, the Smurfs movies actually have Neil Patrick Harris.
I'm like, I almost want to see it just because of that, but I never did see those.
Looking in chat, DJ Rama S says, this movie may not be targeted at us, but for God's sake, Sonic should look damn near like his anime and gaming counterpart.
Why not, though? Why not try to make it appeal to as many people as possible?
That's just an excuse of saying, well, I'm sorry, we just didn't try that hard because we're only aiming at kids and kids don't give a shit.
That's a terrible argument. That's just like, well, we wanted to pay the right, you know, that'd be like, imagine a Mario movie.
OK, well, we can imagine a Mario movie that came out. Let's imagine a Mario movie outside of the 90s that came out where they're just like, eh, we don't fucking care because it's for kids, you know, and they just half-assed it.
I will say this. There was a Super Mario Brothers anime that came out that was so freaking weird.
Dan and I sat and watched it and it's like, why does this it had like nothing to do with any of the current canon.
It was also weird, like having to rescue Peach's like boyfriend or something and weirdness. But weird Mario has been done before.
And there is a Mario movie coming out, a new one.
Yeah, by Illumination.
Honestly, by the Despicable Me people.
I got to seriously, I know if they have Charles Martinet, you need to seriously sit down and watch those movies.
They're not that bad. They're actually pretty entertaining to watch.
So like I have no problem with them doing a Mario movie. I think they'd be a great studio to do Mario movie because like anything Illumination has done has actually been pretty good.
Even like a dog's was a life of pets or something like that. That's actually a pretty decent movie.
Well, let me bring it back because I think many of you, I'm sure many of you that bother to watch a Twitch gaming show probably keep some sort of pulse on the gaming news and so forth that's going out there on Twitter and so forth.
So I think you all know kind of the punch line that ends this is that because of all of that kind of negative reception that ended up happening on social media, on Twitter and Facebook and everything and just the memes, the redoing of Sonic and so forth.
The director of the movie, Jeff Fowler, who is foul town on Twitter. I actually think that's kind of a funny Twitter handle handle foul town over on Twitter said thank you for the sport and the criticism.
The message is loud and clear. You aren't happy with the design and you want changes. It's going to happen. Everyone at Paramount and Sega are fully committed to making this character the best he can be.
Hashtag Sonic movie, hashtag gotta fix fast, which I thought was funny. Now, I do want to say every other article you've seen about they have to go back and redo this before the release date.
They have so much they're doing that. This is this this tweet, this 280 character tweet is what's been said on the subject.
Every other story, every other click article you saw on Facebook, every other thing you read about how they have to go back and fix the Sonic movie.
I'm using my little quotey fingers. Every single one of those articles is based on this 200 character tweet. So I mean we can sit here and read between the lines too.
But we don't know yet if this means release date pushback. We're assuming no. We don't know if this means ironically following up on crunch time after last week's show.
If this means it's going to be crunch time for animators and so forth. I hope not.
It's probably it would be crunch time for rendering is what I would think. But they've they can still film their principal photography stuff and then add it in later.
Principal photography has been done since like the end of 2008.
So they're not 2008. I'm sorry 2018. I'm sorry.
That's why we're getting 90s Jim Carrey. They filmed it in the 90s.
They actually filmed it in the 90s. It's authentic.
You know what I meant. I'm sorry. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't realize Sonic until the technology was there.
They filmed it last year and he made dinosaurs come to life with Sonic the Hedgehog was an additional challenge. Fuck off.
All right. You all know what I meant anyway. So I mean the thing is principal photography is done.
James Marsden. Jim Carrey. They've all moved on to other things. I don't know what they've moved on to these other things.
So I don't think I mean it is customary to maybe do reshoots here and there.
But at the same time if they're if they're fixing this rendering character that was not part of the principal photography now anyway.
I mean it doesn't seem like they need to actually do reshoots but I'm not a Hollywood magician.
Like who who likes. I want to know who okayed this. Who said. Yeah that's good.
I mean like who. No one's like that doesn't really look like it should.
Something's wrong. Focus groups focus groups. I know you're going to you're going to look at me and make fun of me because I'm saying that.
No I understand. I'm just answering the question that's presented. Who told them they could do that. Focus groups did.
I'm not saying these focus groups knew dick about Sonic the Hedgehog or anything but to be fair in Hollywood they're not necessarily wanting to just attract gamers.
They want to build something that they can get all sorts of families on and that they can sell toys at the end of the day.
But it isn't even about selling video games about selling toys. But why would making Sonic look more like the character from the game detract from Sonic.
That's why I don't understand like why making it look accurate would detract from people wanting to see the movie.
I don't ever. That's never been. Sorry. This was better. So that's why it did work. Like it doesn't make any sense. Here's the thing.
Like I'm not I'm not going to like disagree that he looks bad. He didn't. He doesn't look great but I'm not sure what fixing him at this point is going to do like if the movie is bad.
You guys it's going to be bad no matter what I want it to be if it's going to be bad. I want it to be really bad because I think Sonic as it is now.
I think if we just kept everything as it is now with the potential to be like so bad it's good type category like I kind of want to go there.
But now it's going to be like better and stuff and I guess that's fine. But Tiger Claw on chat says actually an article on I.G.M. back in December.
The producer Tim Miller did say that Sega was not happy with the eyes but they went with what we saw because they didn't want Sonic to look like a Pixar character.
Bobby Blackwell fired up in our chat saying the focus groups probably weren't given the game as a reference.
Yeah I also would like to know why. Why was it such a big deal that oh damn we don't want our animation to look like this really.
Well you know this highly esteemed animation company. God forbid we make it look good.
I think there's a fear looking forward that then all the reviews would say that it's a Pixar knockoff or something which I'm not.
Again Loki I'm just answering the I put out there I'm not saying I necessarily agree with these things but I that's probably why they did that.
And but I think we all sit here and know but everybody knows Sonic the Hedgehog goes back before.
Was Pixar a thing in ninety one. What was the first Toy Story movie. Ninety four.
So some predates. We'll say Pixar's legacy. If nothing else we know that Sonic predates.
It just sounds like it. It sounds like they just happened. I don't know. Here's the other some I am sure someone worked really hard on it but.
Yeah. Here's other kind of just interesting things I want to put out there about this whole debacle.
One of them is the fact that you know whether the news be good or whether the news be bad.
I am hearing more about this movie than any other movie that's coming out.
Oh that's because Detective Pikachu comes out this week and I'm sure it'll be just all how amazing that is.
Somebody was trying to tell me like what movies were opening the same weekend as Sonic and they were like oh there's a sequel to The Shining coming out.
There's some new Emmerich movie and I'm like I'm like they're making.
Why. Who's first. Who's making a sequel to The Shining and why.
The second like I'm just like I I'm not hearing about any of these other movies and I know you know but not nothing that's being said is any good.
Since when was bad publicity. Now I roll it a roll in Emmerich Sonic movie I'm down at that.
I was going to say a roll in Emmerich movie. I'm like you want to talk about a movie we know is going to be bad.
Come on. Roll in Emmerich movies are like Independence Day. The day after tomorrow when they're running from temperature is that.
Independence Day was good. Everything after Independence Day was bad.
Independence Day is a perfect example a perfect example of a movie that's bad to the level that it's good.
Yes yes there was a lot of like hold your disbelief type things like yes that's.
Hold on to your butts. No wait that was the Jurassic Park but another movie that's kind of it's kind of bad but it's good.
Oh no it's gone. Yeah Jurassic Park has gone that way too. But yeah I mean I remember I didn't watch the last one that he did but I watched 2012.
And like there's only so many times that a plane can take off from a runway when the earthquake is destroying the road.
It happened three fucking times in the movie three times.
I kind of agree. Whereas I'm I'm appreciative of this director seems to be wanting to listen to the feedback and all that stuff.
I kind of want to see what the Emmerich Sonic movie would look like.
A character that can literally outrun temperature I think would be pretty amazing. All right.
But anyway let's talk about that fan backlash a little bit because I'm also trying to sit here and think of a time.
And I'm sure maybe chatters know because I can't think of any a time that a trailer was so poorly received that they went back and are changing the movie because of it.
This is kind of a big deal.
I'm not sure about a trailer but I know like several movies had like major reshoots like and never ended up working out too well either.
Like what of the Wolverine movie. The original Wolverine movie.
Good old test audiences seeing the original ending of things.
Little Shepherd Horrors.
Because they had the original Plants When ending with the don't feed the plants that was in the stage play.
And they went back and it tested so poorly that they went back and did a happy ending.
But it's interesting that this is something that has become more and more prevalent in gamer culture.
Like I know we're spending a lot of time talking about a movie that just happens to be based on a game.
But let's be real. Fan backlashes. This is like the new norm in gaming culture.
And I'm not completely sure how I feel about it.
Obviously the most well known circumstance of this would be Mass Effect 3's original ending.
And Jamie I know that's a game near and dear to your heart as well.
I liked the new endings.
It's interesting because there's a part of me that's like let the art just be the art and let it be.
And when I saw the original endings, because I did beat the game originally before the extended endings.
I was like it's not that bad.
I understand why people were irritated because they felt that the decisions they made were not really reflected in the ending.
But at the time I was kind of sitting there going well I feel like there's only so much you could do with it.
So like you can't wrap up every single story.
Like there's just so many branching paths at this point.
Like I don't know how else you would wrap it up besides an ending that spoiler alert for a video game that's very old at this point.
Either destroys the entire universe or synthesizes or you know the various endings at the end of Mass Effect 3.
So it's interesting they went back and did it but I'm kind of with you Jamie.
After seeing what they did with those remade endings I was like oh well I like what they did with that.
I think these are even more impactful now.
I know a lot of the hardcore fans hate the synthesis ending because of the unwillingness of merging the technology.
However, you can hate that ending all you want. I would still argue it's very well done.
Like just with Trisha Helfer's narration is amazing in that ending.
I thought it was well done. It's just not the choice that I make.
Sure, sure. You're allowed to have your head canon. That's part of the fun of Mass Effect, right?
Honestly, the only one I choose is the one that has a chance of having my femme shut back.
Yeah. So anyway, but I remember at the time that that all happened I was like, you know.
The creators of Final Fantasy 7 should be so happy that the internet did not exist.
I mean the internet was there but it was very dial up and prodigy AOL.
It wasn't as prevalent in your pocket on your mobile phone as it is today.
Like the creators of Final Fantasy 7 should be so happy that people were not able to make a fuss like they were back then.
Which has me so curious how they're going to do this remake.
Because I don't know if you guys all remember but the ending to Final Fantasy 7 is not great.
Like it's not great. Especially considering all the effort you put into that game and everything.
Like the ending, the payoff. I mean the story in that game doesn't make the most sense as it is.
And the ending just kind of like further complicates that. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So it's going to be interesting to see how that all plays out.
Do you think there will be a DLC remake or something? I don't know. A DLC ending?
Anyway, going to chat for some more comments.
Kaijuto says, like I said, gamers don't know what they want.
They have to stop bending to everything gamers complain about and just think outside the box and create.
SSJ100Matt talking about reshoots saying Back to the Future had to reshoot most of the movie.
Because of Jason Bateman, wasn't it?
It wasn't Jason Bateman. It was somebody else.
I thought it was Jason Bateman.
No, but it was someone along those lines. Like one of those.
Yeah, it was another 80's teen guy.
But yeah, the original audiences didn't respond well.
I thought they replaced him. I didn't think they shot the whole movie.
They'd done some significant shooting but they hadn't shot the whole movie.
Which movie?
Back to the Future.
Eric Stoltz.
That's it.
It was Eric Stoltz.
Yes, that was it. Eric Stoltz.
Because I kept seeing the movie he was in with Cher in my head and I was like, I know who it is, I know who it is.
And Bobby clarifies it was two weeks, not the whole movie.
But still a pretty significant amount of time.
Very infamously, Star Trek Voyager shot without Catherine Janeway.
Without Kate Mulgrew. Well actually the character's original name I think was Nicole.
I think even the captain had a different name. I think it was Nicole Janeway and it was that French actress Genevieve Bejold.
And you can see some of her scenes on the Blu-ray because I've seen it and she's not great.
Like you could kind of tell she didn't really want to be there.
So I mean it kind of worked out because Kate Mulgrew is like legendary in that role.
But that's a little different because audiences I don't think had as much to do with that.
As maybe this is a circumstance where Hollywood and producers and things like that kind of sat in the boardroom and looked at it and made the right call.
Like when they looked at that footage they said she is not right for this part.
And got the person that they had second in mind, Columbo's wife.
Which ended up being an epic Star Trek captain.
So some other just quick reshoot things you may or may not have known about.
Bobby Blackwell pointing out the Matrix Reloaded had to reshoot after Alia died.
That's right. Alia was the role that was played by what's his name's daughter ended up doing it.
I thought it was Jada Smith.
No it wasn't that role. It was somebody famous' daughter that ended up doing it.
You know the Matrix better. Who was Alia originally supposed to play in the Matrix Reloaded?
It was not Jada Pinkett's character. It was somebody else.
Was it Trinity?
No it wasn't Trinity.
No?
Specifically in Reloaded. But anyway.
I don't remember.
No. Queen of the Damned was actually released. Z. That was Z. Z was the character in the movie.
Yeah I don't remember.
The interesting thing about Jada Pinkett's role is that she was the star of the game.
And they kind of incorporated that into the movie.
Right? Because the game had Jada Pinkett and that other character.
No it wasn't her. It wasn't her as the main character in the game.
I thought she was like the main character in the game.
No it was. I remember. Maybe it was.
That's it. Nona Gaye. It was Marvin Gaye's daughter. Or granddaughter maybe.
So anyway.
I'm trying to remember who the characters were that were in the game.
Thank you Bobby for getting the Wikipedia article faster than I could.
I don't remember. I played a lot of it though.
Let's see. There was another good reshoot comment here.
So Bobby also pointing out about reshoots after the trailer. World War Z had some reshoots after the trailer.
S.J. 100 Matt saying didn't Passion of the Christ get toned down after the fact?
Oh it was Niobe. I forgot that she was one of the main characters in that.
So with the Passion of the Christ that was an interesting one too.
Because that movie was very violent. But it was very religious.
It was very anti-Semitic.
Well I'm going to keep it to just the information.
The trailer is full of spoilers.
Anyway.
Sorry the book was better.
Here's the thing is that they because of the fact that there was many religious people interested in seeing the movie.
Who had concerns about the violence. They released a PG-13 version of the movie.
Which is not the first time they've done that.
Sometimes our movies get a PG-13 version exactly for that reason.
To try to expand who can kind of go see it.
Wasn't the original cut of Deadpool supposed to be raunchier?
Deadpool 2 had that holiday version that was PG-13.
So that's the most recent example of that.
I want to say that Aliens had to be toned down a bit too.
Or how about this for Kill Bill volume 1.
In Japan the big fight scene in the House of Blue Leaves was in color and longer.
And they made it black and white for the US one even though it's like piles of fake blood.
But for some censorship thing to lower the rating.
I have the DVD of the Japanese one.
And honestly the fight's a lot better in color.
I think the anime sequence was altered somehow too.
I don't remember it being. I'd have to watch the two of them again.
I don't even think it was in the Japanese version. I think it was something Tarantino commented on.
I'm irritated. He's kind of come out and said he's not going to end up doing a volume 3 or 4.
Which is sad.
Anyway, we got off track a little bit.
Because I really wanted to talk about fan backlashes.
But let me ask this question. Let me wrap on this question then we'll move on to our gaming weeks.
Because I know we've talked about this for a little bit. Kind of going down memory lane a little bit.
Do you think this fan backlash to Sonic is a good trend or a bad trend?
Because I want to watch how I'm wording this.
Because I don't want you guys to answer the question about what it means for Sonic.
I want you guys to answer the question. Is it a good precedent that Hollywood is now willing to change somebody's artistic vision based on the feedback?
It's ultimately up to whoever is making the content to make that decision whether they want to change it or not.
I don't think it's a bad trend that people are letting them know what their opinions are.
That's why we have social media. They want to act on it. They can act on it.
That's independent from the people criticizing it.
I don't think under any... we should not expect them to change it just because we complain about it.
But that they're going to do it. That's cool.
I mean that's in their best interest because that's going to get more people interested in it.
But that's ultimately their call and I don't think they should blame the backlash on it.
Maybe consider when you're putting out the trailer, make sure that you're showing your best work.
And to be fair, that's not to say that this isn't their fault that they're not showing their best work.
But there's been several times where I think Sony Pictures or maybe Universal or something sends out trailers without music in them sometimes.
They fuck up in that sense where like, dude, I can't believe you did that once and then I can't believe you did that a second time.
But yeah, I mean you're marketing a product. You've got to make sure that if something looks weird, people are going to call you out on it.
I'm going to comments from chat. Bobby Black Wolf, bad trend. I said the same thing about Mass Effect 3's ending.
Kajudo, bad trend. 100%. Bonds 006. I don't want the retooling. I don't want it to be a trend.
Tiger Claw says, they're not going to completely change Sonic. Mark my word. They have a plan B.
Believe it or not, you guys, mark the date and time. I kind of agree with Tiger Claw here.
No tea, no shade. But here's the thing. I don't know so much about the plan B.
I don't think they already have rendered footage that exists of something else. They probably have concept art, sure.
They have a lot of concepts. But here's the thing. I think the part of his comment where he says,
they're not going to change it as much as y'all think they are. I agree with that 100%.
I don't think it's going to be this drastic retooling of Sonic. Maybe they'll take his teeth out.
One thing to consider is that the animation has been done. All they have to do is reskin the frame.
That's all they have to do. You know, maybe tweak animation like on the eyes or something if they do give them the more,
you know, game style visage, you know. But the animation is done. The frames are done.
There's not going to be a whole lot of tweaking people have to do other than a reskin pretty much.
So it's not going to be that thing. But the other thing too is that however it's going to take,
they shouldn't rush it. They really need to take their time and do it right.
I do agree with that. I think I'm kind of like have these with you because I think when it comes to like maybe the clips of him running
or the clips of like I don't think those are necessarily going to need to be changed a lot.
But I think because of that, there's a certain structure to Sonic that is just going to have to stay the same.
Like maybe they can change some of the stuff when he's there talking and they're doing some close up shots and things like that.
But I just think there's like because I don't think they're gonna have time to go back and do all the, you know, chase sequences or whatever.
I think there's a certain frame of his they're going to have to stick with. It's too far gone.
They need to make it worse. I want to make him even taller. His legs even like wider or skinnier or whatever.
Just make it worse. I want it to be worse.
As you know, under Matt says it's a new Coke scheme.
Tweak it a little bit and come off like they care about the original subject matter.
Now here's the question. Will the Blu ray have the original Sonic scenes?
I want to be able to flip between the two.
All right. Look, I've spent enough time talking about that movie.
Like I said, I can't think of any other movie now that Avengers is coming on and Captain Marvel's coming on.
I can't think of any other movie this year that's getting as much talk right now.
So there's that even Detective Pikachu. Now, don't get me wrong.
There's a lot of talk about that. And it sounds like it's going to be great.
Some of the early reviews are saying it doesn't suck.
Like I'm not seeing five stars, but I'm seeing as far as video game movies go.
Not bad. I'm seeing it on Saturday. I want to see it too.
For sure. I definitely want to see Detective Pikachu, but I'll probably go see the Sonic movie too.
I'm seeing that for sure. Absolutely.
Honestly, I just want to see the Jim Carrey 90s stuff. And oh, it's about Sonic the Hedgehog.
I fully, I fully support that movie. And if you don't believe me, go look at my Twitter.
All right. Anyway, moving on.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of games we have been playing this week.
Maybe, maybe somebody has been playing Sonic the Hedgehog in memory. I don't know.
Dark Saga, we'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
It was uneventful. I've had a very, very busy week.
I'm playing lots of Animal Crossing. I got the DJ KK booth and that makes me really happy.
I'm still playing Idle Poring. I kind of don't know if I want to keep playing it.
Just because, I don't know, I'm not getting any further in the game and I'm just kind of bored with it.
Right now I'm playing it out of this weird sense of obligation.
I've been playing Ingress a little bit. Just trying to gather equipment for the event.
We got, I don't know if I said it last week, I don't know if we had it by then, but we have a Doctor Who pinball now.
You did mention it last week.
And on camera, if you look in a minute, I'm going to put up one of the plastics that Dan gave me of a Dalek.
It's a broken one, but it hangs out in my purse now so I can put it in my cube at work.
But I've been playing actually quite a bit more of that because it has one of the best multi-balls ever.
But, I mean, really not a whole lot. It's been kind of a work week for me so it's been mostly doing web design stuff.
That's it.
Fair enough. Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a lot of games this week. I played mainly just Pokemon Go.
I've been really bad. I've not played my DDR cabinet in a while.
I'm hoping to change that this week. I've been busy with work stuff, so I've actually been doing work at home on top of work at work.
So, yeah. That's my excuse.
This week, though, my wife has gone the entire week on business and stuff, so that means I can stream video games!
And so I have to figure out what I'm going to do, but maybe we'll do some of that this week.
And then I did work on my game a bit more as well, making very small progress on that.
And then I also, because I've been waiting to get something for my PC for a while now, so I finally decided to purchase an Oculus Rift desk.
So I have that pre-ordered now.
So you got in on that, because I heard that Bobby went into a little more depth on his show tonight about that.
Which is funny, because I think we had so many news stories to talk about. I don't think I actually put it on our show roll.
We can talk about it now. That was announced and sold out like that. And you're one of them.
Yeah, I didn't realize that they sold out. I just know that they're shipping by the end of the month, is what it says.
And that's fine, whatever. I wanted it just because I didn't want to have like...
I was going back and forth between that and the Vive, what I wanted.
I stuck with the S just because it has that inside-out tracking, so I don't need to set up all the base stations for that.
It's just headset and two controllers, and then that's it. That's all you really need to get going.
I like how they have it where you can kind of define your room area a little bit, plus they have the pass-through camera on there.
So you can see if your kids come up and start asking you questions, you can flip it over and actually see them through the camera, which is kind of cool.
So I'm looking forward to that. I know that people have been harping on it because they dropped down the frame rate from 90 hertz to 80 hertz.
From what I hear from early reviews, it could be seen two ways. One, it's not a big deal, or two, oh my god, it's a terrible big deal.
You should get the $1,000 headset that has 120 hertz. You know what, I'm not spending $1,000 on a goddamn VR headset.
I'll spend the same amount of money that I was going to spend on an actual Oculus Rift and get the better Oculus Rift.
And I'm just fine with that because I don't know if this laptop can push the 120 hertz in the higher resolution without melting itself.
So I'll be fine with just that. Besides, I'm not going to exactly use it for anything super important other than playing Moshpit Simulator and really dumb VR shit.
So that's all I'm looking forward to.
Bring it to the show because I want to check that out.
Definitely.
I mean, I'm fortunate enough where I'm sure Bobby will bring the latest and greatest VR to Dragon Con, but I still want to see it when he gets it.
Yeah, I mean, and I would be down if I had like a dedicated space to do gaming, I would be down with something more elaborate where I actually have to set up those base stations and stuff, but I don't have that kind of space.
So I'm fine with, you know, something where I can go out into the living room, draw my little box that I'm going to play in and just play without having to, you know, set up a bunch of stuff and mount stuff to the wall and that kind of crap.
So I'm looking forward to that coming in at some point.
And yeah, I don't know.
All right, cool.
So that's it.
All right, the mic gaming week.
I'll start with VR.
I'll piggyback off you guys.
So VR, I've been playing a lot of Beat Saber still on PlayStation 4.
PlayStation is the only VR I have right now, but it suits my needs for what I want to play.
So Beat Saber is great.
I find that it's just really good exercise.
So like on days where I haven't really been able to get to the gym just because, like, especially Sundays are bad because we went to brunch earlier and I have to prep for OLR.
And the gym is like 20 minutes away.
So it's like I, you know, I kind of have to, you know, stay here.
So Beat Saber is great for just kind of like getting moving and burning some calories and all that.
And I just love that game.
Do they have like a calorie tracker type thing in there?
I have my watch.
My watch does all that stuff.
So yeah.
So I can just feel it.
You know, you can just kind of feel it, how worn out you are after playing because I play a lot of stuff on that hard.
I've been kind of toning back on expert a little bit just because I keep failing on expert.
So I'm like, all right, let me go through and like do everything on hard, you know, and get some trophies that way, which I've been getting more trophies on PS4 and stuff.
And then I'll go back and do the expert because, you know, again, PlayStation 4 is not modded.
So I only have like the official sanctioned songs, but with that official pack, there's that additional monster cat.
Sorry, I forget the name of the label, but they have that, that DLC pack that was like 10 more songs.
So they're monster cat.
Yeah, there is that.
And I think there's a second pack of those that's supposed to be coming at some point.
So yeah, I have enough to play in that game and I've been having a good time and then piggybacking on something that Jamie talked about.
I also have been playing a little bit of Ingress and Pokemon Go for the two of you out there to play Ingress.
I'm trying to get back to level 12 post recursion before the anomaly in Chicago because I got that event in three weeks.
I did play a little bit of Ingress too, but it was because my son does the programming class at this place, Code Ninjas.
And they're like, so do you know how we would submit to become a Poke stop?
I'm like, well, you got to do it through Ingress.
So I submitted their location as an Ingress portal.
So I was like, why not?
You know, I mean, I've seen the, you know, the rabbit over at the gymnastics place to be a Poke stop.
So I'm like, or, you know, Ingress portal poke sound like, well, if that can be one, then I don't see why this couldn't be one.
It's a place of education.
Yeah.
So, yeah, no, it would meet the criteria.
You just have to hope it's, you know, not in a area where the other players are going to be like, I don't want that team to have a part of them because I shouldn't really just do what I do.
And if it doesn't make it through the first time, just keep submitting it.
It'll go through eventually.
It's ridiculous, but it works.
Let's see.
Anyway, what else?
I've been playing Pokemon Go as well.
I haven't done the new raid yet, though, which I think is coming up later in the show.
So I probably shouldn't spoil it too much, but I have not done the new raid yet.
I need to do that.
And then as far as like other stuff, been playing some Final Fantasy 14 and continuing to try to get the max level gear.
I even did a stream this week on my personal stream, which I haven't done in a long time.
So I did that.
And still playing a little Borderlands here and there.
So I'm keeping myself pretty busy, but haven't really explored a lot of new games for me right now.
Just kind of relying on my old favorites for the moment.
All right.
Well, we're going to move on.
Speaking of not being here and events and things like that, I just want to remind you guys we will not be here in three weeks.
That's Memorial Day weekend.
We're going to have a show live, but I hope you guys will have a fun weekend.
I'm not sure if Bobby's here that weekend or not.
I'll have to see you in chat.
But I am going to be off in Chicago.
I'm doing an Ingress thing there.
And I have a lot of friends in Chicago, so it's kind of like, you know, the Ingress thing is a convenient excuse to do while I'm there.
You said Memorial Day weekend?
Yes, Memorial Day weekend.
Okay.
And then Dark Sakura is at DragCon, which...
And God, it's going to be busy because not only am I going to DragCon, I'm going to San Diego the day after.
To see a couple.
If I had time for it, I'd go even further south and see Agdeft, but I don't have a passport either.
Oh, yeah, you kind of need one of those.
But I'm going to San Diego for one day and then Tuesday I'm going to Disneyland.
I'm probably not going to do the Harry Potter thing unless I hate myself and want to drive back on Friday and go to work Saturday.
Yeah, I would be full of self-hatred.
That'd be a lot.
I'm planning, as it is, I'm driving back up by myself.
That sounds like it's going to be an action-packed trip, so that'll be fun.
It is. It'll be a lot of fun, but I'm going to be way exhausted. I was super exhausted after Easter.
Yeah.
But I will see so many sisters and drag queens, and if you are in that area and want to have lunch or something, we'll go to Roscoe's.
Hit me up on Twitter.
Yeah.
I suppose the same could be said for Chicago, but I don't know if I'll do any arcade-y things while I'm there.
Spring me back chocolate.
Yeah, I might get out to replay or something again.
I can get those bars now, by the way, but those bonbons, holy shit.
Right.
Let's get into some gaming news and talk about what's been going on.
In the world of gaming this week, there's still a lot of news to cover.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yeah, so this is kind of cool.
There was this game, A Dark Room, that basically is this text-based role-playing game, and the guy that made it, Amir Rajan,
he put that, well, the game was released a couple weeks ago, put that if you connect a USB keyboard to it and hit the title key, it'll actually open up a code editor.
You mean the tilde?
Tilde, yeah.
It's a title, like it's a music streaming service.
Sorry, yeah, tilde.
Yes.
It'll actually open up a Ruby programming language interpreter and code editor that he put in the hit in the game, which the whole point was, he basically put it that he liked coding and he wanted to create games.
Back in the 90s, it was difficult to do that, but now, being that it's more modern, it's easier for people to get into that, and he wanted kids to kind of get into that as well and tinker around.
Of course, Nintendo did not agree with that, and they decided to pull the game off the shop because, you know, code editor, running your own code, oh my god, hacks!
So that's unfortunate for him that you're not going to be able to do that.
I don't think they released a physical version of this, but...
I don't think they did, and the bummer is, this is such a huge infraction.
It's probably going to make him persona non grata with Nintendo.
I don't know if he's going to be able to get his game back or any other game.
That's a pretty big deal, but help me understand, the coding that you could do, could you really mess with your Switch with it?
I don't think so.
I think it's just kind of like a basic editor type thing, but I don't know.
Someone's going to find a way around it.
Mario Maker is kind of coding. My thing is, you can make games in other games.
I guess my brain goes to a little big planet, but I guess there's nothing on the Switch that allows you to freely type things.
Maybe they're worried that the door is left open too much on that.
Yeah, he said basically, the code editors, all it can do is draw lines, squares, labels, play sounds from the game, and detect button presses.
It says you can't even render an image with the damn thing.
Yes, if your app is composed completely of labels, squares, and lines, it lets you build an app without having to perform any hacks.
Are you able to draw a penis out of dashes and lines?
Yes.
Well, that's Nintendo's problem. We cannot have ASCII penis on our system.
That is foreboding.
There it is.
Heaven forbid some of those stages in Super Smash, let me tell you.
But heaven forbid somebody be allowed to program their own wiener.
But yeah, basically the problem is that he cheated their approval process, and so that's why they didn't like that.
That's unfortunate.
Yeah, I mean, you have to disclose everything that's in there.
And that's really the biggest infraction because, for example, this has actually happened to Elder Scrolls Oblivion.
They submitted their game for a rating, and you have to disclose everything that's in the game, and they got their rating.
But then come to find out, the PC version could be hacked so that you could find OMG, a bear titty on the actual CD.
The actual texture was a bear titty, and because they didn't disclose that, when they went for their rating, the game got an adults-only rating.
Was it titty, or was it the Southern Hemisphere? Was that the problem?
Which game?
Elder Scrolls Oblivion. Remember how it got re-rated, AO, because of textures that were found on the original CD?
Okay, fuck it. Grand Theft Auto, Hot Coffee mod. There's another great example.
Hot Coffee was not accessible without some type of game genie-esque sort of code or altercation.
But because Hot Coffee existed on that disc, it got Grand Theft Auto that AO rating.
Y'all know that one. That was a big deal.
Well, if you're wanting the mess of that Ruby interpreter, he does have it available to mess around with for free.
So go to dragonruby.itch.io and you can check it out.
Interesting that in spite of all that, he's still kind of like putting it out there for free. That seems bold, we'll say.
That seems like what Weird Al did with your Pitiful song.
I'm sorry, the toolkit's actually 40 bucks, but you can actually purchase it if you want to.
That was the Gaga thing too, wasn't it?
No, he didn't do that. One of Gaga's representatives said that she wanted to hear the whole song first.
And then she's like, no, I'm fine with it, you can do it. It was the recording company for James Blunt.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever happened to him, by the way. Yeah, right?
Still can't sing.
So, anyway. Oh, Bobby's got a whole article on the Wikipedias about this. Here's the Oblivion thing.
So Bobby copied Pasta in chat. What Bethesda had originally disclosed to us is an example.
In that section of the game, there's a hanging corpse. What they disclosed to us was a hanging corpse in the dark, pretty far away and without much detail.
And yet when you bring a torch up to the hanging corpse in the actual game, you can see that it's very mutilated with lots of blood and bones.
That was a very different depiction, far more intense, far more extreme than what had been disclosed to us.
So, I mean, the disclosure is important. So whether Nintendo is afraid of ASCII dicks in this editor or not, whatever that issue is,
the problem really is that this is a pretty full-fledged feature that he put in this game and intentionally made it difficult to access that people wouldn't find it.
And then was like, you know, it was a problem. He didn't disclose it. And if he had disclosed it, maybe Nintendo could have reviewed it and seen it's not that big a deal.
You can't run homebrew on it and maybe would have let it stay. Who knows?
So, I kind of doubt they would have let it stay. But we like to think that way, right?
We like to think Nintendo is going to be a little more proactive like that. Who knows?
Anyway, let's move on. And let's talk about Platinum Games. Y'all like Platinum Games, right?
Platinum Games is set to start self-publishing.
Platinum is going to be self-publishing their games such as...
Well, we don't know exactly what games yet, but we know some examples of games that were kind of one and done were things like The Wonderful 101 and Vanquish.
And because Platinum doesn't really publish these themselves, they can't really control if a sequel is going to happen or not.
And I'm sure most people, when they think of Platinum and sequels and that whole thing, they think about Bayonetta.
And so there was an interview recently with Video Games Chronicle where Atsushi Inaba, who's the head of Platinum, said that they want to self-publish their games.
Because quote, what it means is we have a lot of different choices in the way that we want to make games.
It's that simple. And quite frankly, in the case of Bayonetta, it took a lot of time and energy to get it to the point where sequels could be made.
It wasn't as simple as picking up the phone and asking, hey, can we do this?
There were lots of pieces that needed to fall into place and a lot of negotiating that had to occur.
It's absolutely the truth that there are cases where you want to do a sequel, but if you don't own the IP, you can't do it.
Platinum also has two unannounced games in development, so we don't know if there's any possible sequels are there.
Well, I guess not because the IP, they can't bring back something wonderful 101.
So there are going to be new IPs most likely and things that are owned by the studio.
Marvelous 102.
They're saying we're in the middle of designing, the continued quote here from the studio head,
we're in the middle of designing something that has never been done before.
I know a lot of people say that, but the game we're working on is truly unlike anything else.
This is something that has never been designed before.
So from a game design perspective, we're very excited right now.
Big words about the whole never seen this before.
It'll be interesting to see if it's really true.
I would also like to know if they were able to do something with Scalebound.
Did they maybe change things around in the game so it doesn't look like the project that Microsoft funded
and maybe that's something they're going to put out after all?
Who knows?
Who knows?
You see, this game that we've never attempted before, it's like Bayonetta.
But instead of putting guns on our hands and on our feet, this dude is going to have a gun out of his ass.
Why not? Why not? Let's do it.
We're going to call it Wrecked Gun.
Oh my god, I'm so glad you're not a game designer.
Oh darn.
Bayonetta 3 is still a thing.
Hey, remember? Bayonetta 3 got announced a couple years ago.
And that was the last we heard. Yes!
Yeah, remember? Hello? Remember? Bayonetta 3 is the thing that's happening.
And that's all we know.
It was a very quick announcement trailer.
I'm hoping...
Well, you can't announce things like four years, like several years ago and then just like all of a sudden...
Yeah, you can.
I guess you can.
Everybody does it, I guess.
E3 is what? Like the week?
Here's the thing. So we're gone Memorial Day weekend.
I think that week we get back is the night that Bethesda interrupts our show with their press conference because E3 is like underway.
So, I mean, E3 is just around the corner.
So I'm super curious if Bayonetta 3...
I should just stay in LA.
...isn't going to show up. I know, right? You should just go to E3.
No, I can't.
I know.
I'm sorry, but I would rather be at work than go to E3.
E3 is work in some ways, depending on who you're representing.
No, I'm going to be around so many people for a convention I'm actually interested in, so...
I'll let...
There's a little salt around here when it comes to E3.
No, let them jerk each other off. I don't care.
Let them show their game dicks and let everyone else compare them.
I'll just wait for it to come out from the comfort of my own home.
They don't give out good swag anymore.
Let them put that on the poster for E3. Let them jerk each other off.
That's not on the approved Microsoft list, unfortunately.
As long as they've got some good dick jiggle physics. I mean, that's really all people want.
Listing! Get sexual threat.
Can you save that for later in the show? Excuse me.
Oh, no, we gotta...
Are you all paying attention? We have a list.
Everything is very... It's up on the screen, even though I haven't been totally right with it.
It's a list, and I don't see... Do you see the Microsoft thing up there yet?
That's me flipping off the list. Sorry, Lucky.
You better get to the next item on the list.
I'm very delicate.
The next item on the list is yours.
Yeah, whatever.
Rocket League! Who likes Rocket League in this room?
I think it's cool. I wish I had more time to play more of it.
Well, their developer, Psyonix, is, quote, joining the Epic Games family.
So Epic Games ruined something else.
Not yet.
Not yet.
They're planning to ruin it.
Well, the ruination is happening.
It's going to be closing in late May or early June.
They've released an FAQ about this.
But they wanted to...
I guess they're just acquiring it because Rocket League is good.
I mean, maybe? I don't know. They just like ruining things for people.
Yeah, Rocket League's pretty good.
It's an interesting title because Rocket League has esports, conventions.
You don't want to just poo-poo right off this game.
Rocket League has a huge following behind it.
I want to say, I hope I'm not misappropriating,
but I want to say our voiceover guy, Jason,
really is into Rocket League and goes to some of these events and things like that.
So there's definitely a culture out there that loves this game.
Well, at any rate, they want to assure people that nothing will change
about the day-to-day enjoyment of their game.
I think it's kind of interesting that that wording is used.
So basically, in the short term, they say nothing about the game will change.
But they're still going to go with its update roadmap
and to keep it going for, quote, as long as you'll have us.
Psyonix said that they will bring the game to the Epic Games Store
and that this is, of course, because the acquisition will allow them to grow the game
so they couldn't do it on their own.
So I don't know.
They said nothing's changing, but we'll see.
Here's why I think Rocket League does well
and why I actually enjoy Rocket League a lot too.
Here's why Rocket League, and it's honestly a great land for Epic,
whether you are a fan of Epic or not,
it makes sense why they want to have this game
because, as is mentioned in chat over there,
SSG100Matt says Rocket League is serious esports, and for sure.
Here's the thing about Rocket League.
It's a stupidly simple game to explain.
See this car?
Use car to push ball in goal.
Car soccer. Two words.
Yeah, car soccer. Go.
And that's Rocket League, right?
Where is Dota 2?
Let's explain Dota 2.
You ready?
So you have these lanes, and every lane has some walls and towers,
and you're trying to catch the thing at the end of the lane,
and you have these 50 different heroes,
and let me explain to you how they're all different,
and you have this little thing that you can send back to the store.
I'm sorry, that sounds really boring.
Here's the thing, and I'm not knocking Dota.
I think Dota is super fun in its own way as well,
but I think it also goes to, like,
I have a lot of friends that say they really enjoy board games,
and when I respond, I love Clue, they get pissed off.
But here's the thing.
Clue is very much a board game,
and Clue is a board game you can explain in five minutes.
Maybe ten.
Clue is a little more complicated than something like Candyland.
And everybody has their own house rules for Clue.
Like, for example, do you bring the piece to the conservatory
when you make an accusation,
or does it get to stay on the square where it's at?
Every house plays it differently.
Movie rules. You explained it all in the foyer.
So, but then, so there's that,
but then there's also Axis and Allies.
Like, that's the type of board game that if I don't know how to play that,
I'm not a fucking fan.
So anyway, my point is,
I think part of the reason why Rocket League is so loved
and so well in esports
is that it's a relatively simple concept when all is said and done.
It's a Clue. It's a monopoly.
It's a very easy concept, and that doesn't make it bad.
Those are, Scrabble is a game in every household, almost.
Okay? It's, you know, just a very easy type of game.
Bonds006 in chat says,
OMG, why I did not get into Dota.
I think going off my explanation there.
Kaijuto says,
The main reason why people love Rocket League
is because when you learn to fly and make aerials,
you feel badass. It's a feel-good game.
Bobby Blackwolf says,
Rocket League is closer to traditional sports
than something like Overwatch.
That's a good, you know, I know that might sound,
but I get it. Like, because, yeah, it's kinda soccer.
Kinda. Sorta.
And then they put new modes in the game that are like, kinda basketball.
Yeah, as 200Matt said,
I had friends play a full map game of Axis and Allies,
so I don't know why I pick on Axis and Allies.
It's a fine game.
But yeah, one of my friends in high school tried to teach me how to play that game,
and I was just like,
And by the way, did you know, like,
when I was playing Magic the Gathering,
like, for the first year I played Magic the Gathering,
my friends and I were playing it completely wrong.
Completely wrong.
Like, we didn't understand the mechanics.
And when the computer game came out
that kinda forced you to play by the officials,
I'm talking the original computer game
that came with the giant fucking Magic the Gathering card
and all that stuff, like, it's, yeah, it was very enlightening.
I had, like, one of the ginormous Lords of the Pit.
And we used to use the, what was it, the candelabra
that let you, like, shuffle any one card into your deck.
We would use that particular card to bring out the giant Lord of the Pit
that we could put all of his little pitties on it.
And then, of course, every so often we would randomly, like,
mix in a card from another game, like, we'd have Captain Picard.
And our house rule is that if Captain Picard came out,
everyone loses. Everyone else loses. It's an insta-win.
Card games. Another good example.
Card games. Very easy.
Cards Against Humanity.
You teach somebody how to play that game in two seconds, right?
Card game like, um...
Taboo is another easy one.
Taboo is pretty, I'm trying to think of a complicated card game.
I've only ever played it drunk.
What about, like, playing something like, um...
A deck-building game.
Gin.
Dominion.
Oh, Cribbage.
Cribbage.
Yeah, that's, I mean, it's not, I mean, Cribbage isn't, like, hard,
but it definitely takes, like, gets some explanation.
There's an explanation to it, for sure.
P-Nuckle. Another good example.
They're not hard games. They just take a while to explain.
Yeah.
Anyway. Let's move on. We can talk about card games all night,
but I wanna talk, speaking of esports,
there's a Scandalos going on, right?
Yeah, it's, it's not,
I mean, it's, it's not good,
but it's not as bad as
we might allude to, but...
So, basically, during this, uh,
the, I guess, uh, World Cup qualifiers
for Fortnite,
there was one of the, um,
pro players, uh,
DamienXXIFCook.
He was, uh,
accused of colluding with other players
to help him rank up.
So, basically, there's, um,
video out there of him
landing next to
a couple, uh, other players,
and, basically, the other players allowing him
to kill them to kinda help
rank up. And, of course,
that went viral, and,
um,
you know, that's not a good, good face.
But, on top of that, though,
apparently, uh,
there's been other cheaters
as well. So,
along with that, um,
Epic Games actually went and did some
investigating to see kinda
what was going on, and there's
been bans. So, 14-day
competitive bans on several
different players, um, including,
I think, they didn't name
XXIF, but I believe
that they were
included as well, and they have been stripped of
their qualifying spots.
Because of, um,
boosting other players.
The boosting thing's been a problem in Overwatch.
Yeah, so.
Boy.
You know, it's kinda hard when you have
these online games that you're trying to do qualifiers
in without, like, any really big oversight.
It's also an interesting thing that doesn't really
I'm trying to think, is there an equivalent in, like,
football, basketball,
as we know it, like, you know, traditional sports,
if you will, is there an equivalent of boosting?
I don't think there really is. No, it would be like throwing
a game, but, like,
Yeah, I guess throwing a game is very bad, but, like,
you know, if you go and
mentor a camp or something,
you're not exactly breaking the rules, you know,
or, I guess, can you wear a disguise
and go play a minor league game? I guess that
would be, like, the closest thing I can think of.
Like, you're wearing a fake mustache
and playing in a minor league game.
Yeah, that's, that's, that's a little different.
This is more of, like, I think, yeah, just,
just, like, oh, hey, you know,
we really want those kings
to make it to the playoffs, so let's just all
kind of drop the ball and let them throw in
those three-pointers, that type of thing.
Oh, kings are never gonna make the playoffs. Exactly.
That's the only way they would ever win.
But no one's ever gonna do that because
they all wanna win, and, yeah.
Alright, well, let's talk about something,
uh, highly interactive. That's right here,
Twitch, Twitch TV, where, uh, you can
interact with our show when we're live. Of course,
we love our podcast folks as well, and they,
you always can interact with us, uh, delayed
a little bit over on Twitter, twitter.com
slash o-l-r, and you can also do that, uh,
maybe through Facebook or through our email bag.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com.
But, uh, when you're broadcasting on Twitch,
you can interact in real time, and more and more
games are starting to think about how can we
kind of incorporate that into our game,
and Borderlands 3.
Which looks amazing, by the way. Yeah, they had a big
reveal this week, right? They had the gameplay reveal,
and I'm totally in day one.
That looks all sorts of awesome.
I have to admit, I did not watch the gameplay reveal
yet, because I'm still making my way through the other
ga- I mean, I know a gameplay reveal's not gonna
give anything away, but I just, you know, I'm just focused
on trying to get through the original games,
uh, before this comes out.
But, uh, yeah, I'm excited for
folks that are into this series, and now I see
why people enjoy Borderlands. I get it.
Um, anyhow, uh, so
during the, uh, Borderlands 3
reveal, they talked about an extension called
the EchoCast. So if you
use this extension, apparently,
um, you can- the viewers can
look at the streamer's loadouts,
look at what's in the backpacks.
So through the extension, I guess you could
probably click on something on the view window, and even if I'm
not looking at my inventory at this minute, you can look at
my inventory on your- your
Twitch screen, because that's how the extensions
kind of work, right? I don't know if we use any
extensions on, um, VOG Network's
channel. I don't- Bobby would have to
refresh my memory. I don't think so,
because we're not really playing games here.
Um, but a lot of the more traditional
Twitch extensions, there's things like,
um, you know, you can interact with the streamer,
maybe play noises, or, you know, sometimes you can
affect what's going on in the game. My favorites
are, like, I was watching the other- Mixer does this a lot,
too. I watched the other day, there's a guy
that, um, he has, like, a currency
that they can earn by playing different
games in chat, and then they spend that
currency on putting cheats in Grand Theft Auto,
so they can put cheats in
to hurt or, you know, help the
player, and it's all sorts of
craziness. Yeah, this, uh, Tomb Raider
reboot had something like that in, like, the
multiplayer or something, where, like, that your
Twitch chat could affect what's going on.
So, I mean, we've heard about games, you know,
kind of interacting with Twitch, but anyway, uh, also
there will be special loot chests throughout
the game. If a streamer opens them,
you can opt into a challenge called
the Rare Chest Event. This
means the viewer would get a copy
of whatever the streamer
gets. It's kind of, I like
that, that's kind of interesting. It would be a
shift code, I guess, that would be given out, and
scaled to the viewer's level when you redeem it in
your own game. So, interesting.
Um, the gameplay reveal,
I guess the EchoCast extension was, uh,
coincided with that, so if you were
watching the Borderlands 3
reveal, you kind of get an idea how that works,
which I missed out on, but, uh, did they, did they
actually have that going during the gameplay? I didn't watch
it on Twitch, so I don't know. So,
interesting, though. I think that's really cool.
Um, I like how more games are thinking about
how can we, like, really embrace this streaming
thing, and, like, do our own stuff
with it. I think that's really cool.
So, uh, yeah.
S2100Matt says, uh, this opens the door
for people to judge other people's inventory.
I tend to be a massive hoarder in games like this.
I would imagine that you could turn it off,
I suppose, if you wanted to. Maybe.
I don't know. Anyway, let's move on.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us? Well,
there is a video game hall of fame.
Of course, we know about this one, among
other ones, but we're talking about the
nice, legit one.
You know what I mean by legit, right?
Uh, meaning
non-pirated, I guess.
Well, no, meaning that it's actually
a pretty big one.
So, uh, this year,
the, um, the,
uh, it's the Strong's
World Video Game Hall of Fame.
So, uh,
the, uh, games that are being included
are, duh duh duh,
uh, Mortal Kombat,
which, it's got a deserving
place. Um, Super Mario Kart,
uh, also,
um, Colossal
Cave Adventure, and get this,
Windows Solitaire.
Then again, I get that.
How much of us wasted so much time
on that? Seriously? Windows Solitaire
was a game for filthy casuals.
Um, filthy casuals, really?
Even, you know what I mean. Yeah.
It's a joke. But, and all
joking aside, um, Solitaire, and I
feel like this just came up on the show a few weeks ago,
Solitaire's a great game for developing motor skills.
Like, if you are, you know, maybe
older and haven't used computers an awful lot,
Solitaire is a great way to learn.
I reckon. It's just,
it's never... I've used that in my professional life.
That's all why I kind of bring that up.
Somebody who's a little less comfortable with computers, I'll say,
have you played Solitaire at home? You should think about it.
Okay. Well, it does
get you kind of into the point and click
mentality. Yes. You know, which I guess
for people doing, like, data entry
or something, that might be
worthwhile. But I just think it's very
interesting that it's finally being
recognized. That instead of just
being, you know, bloating software
for Microsoft Windows,
it's a mainstay. On top
of that, with this picture, it's got, like, the same
monitor that Dan and I had when I first moved in
with him. This little dinky
computer monitor. That's pretty funny.
Um, you know, but the
other thing about Colossal Adventure is that,
you know, Colossal Cave Adventure, sorry,
is that it was also a cassette
game. So, you know,
but the other games that were,
uh... Sorry,
the Colossal Cave Adventure, that's a text adventure game, right?
Yeah. That predates Zork.
So it's kind of like your text adventure
representation, right? Yeah, it's like
your intro to all things text.
Can you read? You can play it. I think that was
one of the first, yeah. And I think that's why it's
noteworthy. But the other thing is
that there were some other games that were in the
list of finalists, but did not
make it, including, those were
Candy Crush Saga,
Centipede,
DDR, Half-Life,
Myst, NBA 2K, Sid Meier
Civilization, and Super Smash Brothers
Melee. Here's the thing. Shouldn't a game
have to be out for at least 10 years
before we start thinking about the Video Game
Hall of Fame? Like, when it comes to Candy Crush.
Because I would say a game like Mortal Combat,
I think if we had evaluated
whether it belonged in a Video Game Hall of Fame
in 1995, or whatever year that game came
out, or even one or two years after it was out,
I'm not so sure we would think that
that game is going to end up in the Hall of Fame someday.
Because of how controversial it was. What are my
rules for classic game?
Yes. But you're not
curating this museum, unfortunately.
I'll curate a museum. And it's basically
going to be Mass Effect
and Sega games.
Which, if you go to the classic
game of the week list, is similar to what
she did. No, I have Compile
because of Guardian Legend.
Okay, sorry. One exception.
Bitch, don't doubt me.
Hearts. But anyhow,
that's cool. And I see in our chat,
SD100Matt says, I keep meaning to go to this place.
My girlfriend has family in Rochester
and we're up there often. Hey, if you go,
take video. Take a ton of it.
Bring us a souvenir.
I'd be curious. Anyway.
And then ship me some Waffle House Grits.
Metal Mayhem in chat says, didn't cassette
games have horrendous accessing and low
times? Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely, they did. Well, on top of that,
I'm sure I've spoken ad nauseam about the problems
with the Coleco Atom. That anytime you
had a power surge, it would erase your cassettes.
Right. But the thing about it,
I mean, the cassette was what existed
before the disc, which existed
before the CD, which is ironic. The audio
is also used, kind of, two of those
forms. To be fair,
there were 11 inch floppies
and 13 inch floppies
around the same time that cassette
became a viable
storage media.
And I think cassette was just
you know, like, again, there was
no way to, like, have
a pre-installed game
that you could put on your system
or what have you without, like, typing
it in if it weren't for cassette or disc.
Yeah. You either programmed
that shit in BASIC or
you, I mean, well,
in computers for production
at the time, we're still, some of them
were actually still using Fortran and punch cards.
So, there you go.
Yeah. So,
it is kind of interesting, though, how tapes kind of went to CD
later on, but anyway. So,
okay, there you go. Additions to the Video Game Hall of Fame.
It's a decent selection.
I mean, when you hear some of the games, they omit it.
Of course, my fanboy is going, what?
No Civilization? They couldn't, Mortal
Combat couldn't wait another year for Civilization? I knew that would make you
sad. I know, a little bit, but
I can't, like, look at any of those games
they picked and say it doesn't deserve it.
Yeah, they all deserve
their place in there. They all deserve it in their own way.
Like, even if you kind of look at Solitaire
and go, huh? Like, again, you have to look
at, what did it do for gaming the big
picture as opposed to just gaming for the
hardcore audience? Seriously, that is exactly
it. I mean, although, I
must say, the thing that disappoints me
is that DDR isn't included.
Sure. Because DDR, for
itself, was actually fairly revolutionary
for genres. Well, it created
a genre, practically. Well, Beatmania
really did. DDR is why we're
here.
If it were me, I would put Beatmania in before
DDR, because we wouldn't have DDR without
Beatmania.
Or Spiderstomp. Here's the thing, though. Here's what's
ultimately going to happen, because this is based in
America, and it's a Murica
thing. I think DDR
was more known here than Beatmania.
Which, to be fair, is Konami's own damn
fault, because they released it here as Hip-Hop
Mania, and it wasn't really the same kind of thing.
And they did that, I think, after DDR.
Yeah, and they never tried
the five key releases here and that stuff
until way later.
So, I mean, DDR is what
people know here. My first exposure was
BM98. Sure,
but you also go
to anime conventions,
which is not, you know... Well, at the time, I did.
At the time.
Alright, well, let's move on, and
let's get to our next story,
which is from Loki.
Alright, so this has
got me very excited, even though we know
no details about this yet, and
there's a good chance that they're going to fuck it up.
But you're still going to pre-order your ticket.
Oh, yeah, seriously.
So Saints Row the Movie is something that's going to be
worked on, and apparently
right now, they've
got a director attached,
director F. Gary Gray,
who is, I guess, working
on, or he had worked on The Fate of the Furious
and the upcoming Men in Black
International. And then, of course,
Greg Russo is going to be
writing
the treatment as well, and he's
rebooting the Mortal Kombat franchise
in the movie forms.
And, yeah, so that's
about all we know about it right now. I'm assuming
this is something that's going to be
coming way later on.
They've got to have Daniel
Dae Kim as Gat, because that's really the only
way I'd want to see that.
And what
the hell? Let's just put Troy Baker in there
as well as the
boss, because that'd be awesome.
What do you want to see in a Saints Row movie?
I want to see fucking crazy shit, but being that it's
The Fate of the Furious, that movie is pretty
over the top as it was.
So let's just, like,
take that. Let's take the
new Fast and the Furious
spin-off movie that they have coming out pretty soon.
Take all of that stuff
and just say,
tell the director,
do whatever the fuck you want.
Just go as crazy as you want
and make it... It doesn't even have to be believable.
Just go fucking nuts, and then that would
be perfect. Tigerclaw in chat asks,
will the Saints Row movie
have the self-awareness and meta-humor?
If it doesn't,
I hope they don't make it.
It needs to, like, seriously.
I don't think
they should directly adapt one of the games,
but Saints Row 3, again, I cannot
stress this enough. I was laughing
so hard during the opening moments
of Saints Row 3. Like, I was
crying. Like, it's just, like,
the game is so fucking funny.
And my character, you know,
I had, like, a female character that
was, like, falling through planes
and stuff like that. Like, the opening is just ridiculous.
And I'm just like, this game is
so, so stupid.
I love it. I love it.
Yes, I want that.
I want that, too. So stupid that
it's amazing. Make that bad
Sonic movie that Loki wants to see.
But Saints Row, put
Jim Carrey in the Saints Row movie.
Is there a part for him in there?
Not really, but, um, but yeah,
just, like, over the top. Like, there's plenty of
movies that are kind of over the top.
I mean, many in the Fast and the Furious
franchise. I mean, they're just, like, the whole
Fast and the Furious thing, which is over
the top. But that, that's
why it was good, you know?
I just don't want them to do, like, a cheap
just, like, this is gonna be kind of, like,
Fast and the Furious.
But, I don't know, like,
Gat is such a great character, it's gonna be hard to
find some, if they recast him, it's gonna be
hard to, like, get that character right.
The boss can be who, that's
gonna be the hard part, is the boss, because
who's it gonna be? Because
it can be pretty much anybody.
Um, I don't know. Metal Mayhem in
Chats is a Saints Row movie needs to have a gun,
dubstep gun and a giant purple
dildo bat. Honestly, cosigned.
Like, that might surprise you that I'm saying
that, but those are the things- And Professor
Genki. Those are the things that make Saints
Row, like, fucking stupid.
But, like, in that really funny way.
You know what I mean? And this is perfect for, like,
that really stupid action movie
genre, where it's like, you'll make it,
it'll be fucking stupid, and it'll make
tons of money, and they'll make more and more,
and it'll be, whatever.
Uh, Bonds 006
says, Saints Row film, a very bad
over-the-top Deadpool sans Ryan
Reynolds. Deadpool? Honestly, maybe
Deadpool is a good thing to
kinda look at for how to do this. Oh my god.
Yeah. I'm cosigning
Ryan Reynolds as the
boss for the Saints Row movie.
Hell yes. I don't,
the man can only do so much, but
I, that would be amazing
if he did. Wasn't Ryan Reynolds supposed to be
doing, like, the Clue movie at some point? I don't know.
He can do everything. He signed on to all those board game
movies or something? Whatever happened to that?
Development hell, I guess.
But yes, Daniel Dae Kim and Ryan
Reynolds. They're saying Keith David is the
narrator. Well, Keith, Keith
David's supposed, yeah.
He's just supposed to be Julius, so.
Uh, SD100Matt says that Hobbs and
Shaw movie looks ridiculous, I'm concerned. Exactly.
Keep that level of ridiculousness
and over-the-top, you know.
It just, just keep it going. Yeah.
Alright. Uh, anyhow,
let's move on. Uh, got another story here
before we get to our classic game of the week, and this is
about a classic game of sorts.
Earthworm Jim has a new game in
development for the new Intellivision
Amico, which, of course, as we know,
is coming out in the year 2020. I still don't like those controllers.
I get it. Like, I don't like
them. Yeah. I hope they have
traditional controllers as well. Yeah.
I'm sorry to call this out on air, but make sure when you do this, uh,
it's away from the mic, because remember the new mics are super sensitive,
so it's picking up the bags. Sorry.
And I was sitting on the mic.
Anyway, um, so, uh,
the new Intellivision, of course, is coming out, uh,
what, 10.10.2020, and, uh,
Earthworm Jim hasn't had a game
since, what, 95? So they're making
a new one. Oh, no, there was a high, uh,
there was an HD remake. They did do that.
Yeah. Yeah, but not as a
proper sequel. So, uh, the
original team members are participating
in this, uh, including Doug
to Naples, which, um,
he's a character. We'll put it that way. My
understanding is that, uh, he is
doing it on a volunteer basis, so if you're
worried about possibly
money and all that stuff, it sounds like
that is, it's gonna be a little easier to
separate the art from the artist in this, this
particular circumstance because he's volunteering,
which is kind of interesting,
um, but cool, I guess.
And, of course, Tommy Tallarico, he did the music
and the soundtrack before, uh,
so, uh, he's gonna be doing that again,
of course. And what a coinkydink
that Tommy Tallarico is playing such
a role as the CEO
of Intellivision, so it kind
of makes sense why this game is
the one that they're bringing back. Um,
I was interested, though, when
I saw a lot of the comments on this
about how, well, looks
like I'm not playing Earthworm Jim
because they're putting it on this trash console
and, well, I'm just, uh, fuck
exclusivity agreements, I'm not gonna play it.
Well, they don't know what... And I'm just kind of like,
oh, shut up. Like,
do y'all know what business is?
Because if, if the Amico wasn't
trying to get some exclusives and some games
that are, like, kind of like must-haves or must-tries,
then you all would shit on the
Amico for not having any games worth playing.
So, like, this kind of goes back
to the beginning. I just don't know about the controllers, though.
Like, I know, I don't remember,
you know, the
ColecoVision too fondly, and I know the Intellivision
stuff's kind of similar. Um,
I don't know. I just,
I have a hard time imagining how that's gonna
work, but I'm sure it'll make it work.
Bobby is pointing out you saw a render, but not
the actual controller, so. Right. There's still time
for things to change based on fan feedback.
Perhaps.
Uh, Metal Mayhem says, so long as the new
Earthworm Jim is like the first two games, not Earthworm Jim 3D,
I'll be happy. I think it's a safe
bet to say it's gonna be like the first two games that you remember.
Yeah, I think that's what they're going for in this
console. It's supposed to be all 2D stuff, isn't it?
Uh, yeah, I think so.
Uh, Dartusuya says, I know Tommy made a
comment going to bat for him, whatever it's worth,
but I do hope he does a good soundtrack for this game.
Um, and it's also interesting to point out,
you know, for, whether you
hate the exclusiveness or not,
remember Intellivision has very
firmly said games will cost
at most, what, ten bucks? I think it was actually
under that, it was like eight bucks.
So that means, I would assume
Earthworm Jim is going to be no different.
It's going to be like an eight dollar game.
So, interesting.
I, I just. Yeah, I'd be curious to see
what happens when it comes out.
You know, it's, it's interesting to see how
the Intellivision is coming into its own.
And I'll be very curious to see more
moves like this about what, what kind of
games are they really going to bring to the table
as we approach 2020 and the
release. You know, we still have over a year to go, a year
and a half to go before we get to October
of 2020. So I'll be very curious to
see what more develops in the coming months.
So.
All right. As Joe and I, Matt, points
out, the main thing is they're taking their time.
And Bobby Blackwolf pointing
out they're not targeting people who would use pro controllers,
they're targeting mobile users.
We'll see. I am,
I, I'll give it a chance. Let's, let's
a lot of this is still
hypothesis and theory. And that's,
and that's fine. I like like,
and I'm fine with the controllers
being the way they are. I just hope that they
have the forethought to like, we'll have
Bluetooth and you bring your own damn controller
if you want, you know, that, that's fine.
Um, would be nice. I'm not saying they
have to do it the way everybody
else is doing it, but I
mean, if I have my choice between,
you know, using the
type of controls I would on a mobile game
versus an actual controller, I'm
going to choose an actual controller.
We will see. There's still a long way to go.
Anyway, before we get to
the release of Earthworm Jim, we're going to take
a trip down memory lane and
visit the classic game of the week. Every
week here on the show, Dark Soccer steps into the
gaming vault and tries to find a game that she thinks,
hey, you kids, you should be checking this
one out. This is a classic, y'all.
We do talk about this one a lot. Yes.
So, uh, yeah, we have brought this game up a few
times. So, uh, and it's not a Sega game.
Nope. It is an absolute
Nintendo game. So what
is the classic game of the week? Clu Clu Land,
which came out in
1984 in Japan
and, uh,
just under a year later in the
U.S. and, uh, so in Japan it came out November
22nd, 1984, and in the
U.S. it came out October 18th, 1985,
and then, uh, in 87
in, uh, Europe.
So Clu Clu Land, first of
all, people are like, what does this have
to do with, uh, is it Clu
from Tron? What? Um, no.
It actually is
an, uh, Anglicization
of, uh, the Japanese title
Kuru Kuru, um,
you know, uh, it was Kuru Kuru Land,
which basically, Kuru Kuru is an
onomatopoeia that means around and around.
Uh, or you
might have also heard Guru Guru, you know, same
thing. Um, so basically
the main character has to grab poles
and swing around, so that's where it comes
from. It's the same, uh,
uh, kind of title for the Game Boy
romance game, uh, Kuru Kuru Kururin.
So, anyway, um,
in Clu Clu Land you play
a balloon fish named Bubbles in the U.S.
She was Gloopy in Japan, which I think
Gloopy's a funnier name. Um,
she swims around in a maze trying
to uncover these gold ingots.
Um, so
you basically,
um, are fighting
this sea urchin
called Unira, who
is stealing all of the treasures
in the underwater kingdom of Clu Clu Land.
So Bubbles has to retrieve
all the treasure and spin around and gather all
the gold ingots, um,
and...
The rupees.
They look like rupees.
Well, that's because they reuse all the
things anyway. But at any
rate, um, it is,
uh,
um, you know, she,
if she gets attacked by an Unira
then she'll lose a life. Um,
she can also, though,
uh, stun an Unira by using
a sound, uh, a sound wave.
Um,
you can also lose your life if you fall into a
black hole or when the time runs out. And
of course, you run out of all lives, it's
game over. Um,
and then sometimes you have to
pass over the ingots in an
odd number to uncover them.
And, cause they will go between
their uncovered side and
a dull side. You know, it's kind of like
how, uh, um,
Qbert goes in later levels where you have to do double jumps
on some of the items. Um,
there was, um,
other versions that came out. There was a
versus Clu Clu Land. Have you guys ever seen one?
Oh god, I
think I did once. I do
remember, like a multi-versus
machine and I think Clu Clu Land was one of them
cause I kind of made fun of it. That's how I saw
my first versus Clu Clu Land. It was
at a Godfather's Pizza in Mobile, Alabama.
Um,
so, of course, you know, released
for the coin-op Nintendo versus system.
It had twice as many
puzzles
in a new
enemy called Boss Unira.
Um, different level themes and some other
features. Um,
and a port of this one was
released as
the final game for
the Famicom Disk System
as called Clu Clu Land.
Welcome to New Clu Clu Land.
Um, the
NES version and the
Famicom Disk System version are
both unlockable in
Game, uh, in Animal
Crossing, the one on GameCube.
Um, that was retitled
as Clu Clu Land D
outside of Japan. Um,
other ports in 2001, there
was a port to the Sharp Zaris
PDA.
Um, we had, uh, in
2004, it was released
on the Famicom
Mini for Game Boy Advance.
Um, Bubbles
was also a trophy in Super Smash
Brothers Melee. And the Clu Clu
Land NES music and
the Unira enemy are
items in Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
And, of course, they
also re-return as items in
Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
Um, she's also,
uh, in a
secret level of the
Game Boy Advance game, DK King of Swing,
which was
pretty much inspired by Clu Clu Land.
Um, there's a
microgame of Clu Clu Land in
WarioWare Smooth Moves for Wii.
And, um,
Clu Clu Land's
Nintendo microgame in Mario
Twisted. Uh, the
rupee from the Legend of Zelda series was modeled
after the Inkot sprite from
Clu Clu Land.
That money bag also looked like the money bag that was in
Legend of Zelda Link to...
or, uh, Adventures of Link.
And they also said that the Dig Dogger enemy
from, uh, Legend of Zelda
series was basically based
off of the Unira. Um,
of course, Clu Clu Land is also one of the games
included in NES remix.
And there you have it.
All right. Kuru Kuru Land.
Your classic game of the week, a game
that, uh, some of you in chat are like,
I never really understood how this game works. What is this?
What is this that's being drawn on stream right now?
Glasses. Yep.
How about that?
Cause, I mean, a lot of them just were like, you know, little
puzzles. Once you figured out
what the puzzle piece was, then
it was really easy to go in
and figure out how
to swing around them. Yeah.
It's kind of like, um, it's kind of like that game, uh,
Anticipation. Once you've played it enough,
that little pencil draws, like, two lines
and you know what the answer is.
Ain't no Anticipa-
Yeah. It makes that game a whole lot, uh,
less fun at that point. I was trying to do
a Rocky joke. I know. I know.
All right. Uh, thank you for that classic game of the week
selection. Um, speaking of classic games,
uh, we have a contribution this week
for our little, uh, break segment here we do in the
middle of the show. And it is from, uh,
our pal Bobby Blackwolf,
who went to a classic game show in Atlanta last week
and found this really cool,
uh, TI 99
4A. Y'all remember that computer?
I think I had one. I had two.
I, I didn't- I did it as a classic system
remember? You did. That's right. You did do a
classic system. Well get this. So what he's about
to show us is Dragon's
Lair, the 80s game
running on a TI 99
4A. What? And I, I don't mean
like some scaled down port
cause there was like a Commodore 64 version of Dragon's Lair
but it was completely different. How much RAM do they have to put
in this thing to make it work? Well, we're about
to find out. So why don't we turn it over to Bobby
and find out.
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio. Bobby
Blackwolf here. Uh, I know I'm
usually on a couple hours ago
but Rob really likes having
content in the middle of the show and I'm here at the Vintage
Computer Festival Southeast
7.0 in Roswell, Georgia and
uh, I saw a game that
uh, is not a classic
game of the week because it was just released
but it's for really old
systems and it's a really old game.
So I have Alan here. Alan,
what am I looking at here?
You are looking at Dragon's Lair for the
Texas Instruments TI 99
for a home computer. And this is
obviously the side-scrolling platformer
that was released on the NES, right?
Uh, I got something to do.
No, absolutely not. This is an
actual conversion. This is a
fully licensed conversion of Dragon's
Lair made by Harmless Lion
and he took the high
definition video and audio
from the PC release in
I think it was the early 2000s
digitized it with his own software including
the video and the audio and then produced
the game out of it. He took 80
megabytes of data, crammed
it into this little cartridge that gets banked
in 8K chunks
and it's
fully playable.
And I have been playing it and it's
just as unforgiving
as I remember. But you
really don't have like a laser displayer hiding
under here, right? You're not doing like video trickery?
No, no. Those are actually a little bit too expensive for my
budget. So,
how long do you, like, what's
the backstory behind this? Like, how long did it take
him to do it?
I want to say it took him at least a couple
of years to work on it but he's been actually building
the fundamentals for a couple of
decades.
If you've
been in the Atariage forums at all
in the TI sub forums of Atariage
you'll see where he's put up some
demos here and there of sampled audio,
sampled video. One of his
first ones actually was Spaceballs
that he did on a, I think it was a 4
megabyte cartridge. And
he says that this was his
target game. This was one of the games he always wanted
to do and he spent all this time
getting the process perfected
so he could produce it. So is
this an unmodified TI-99
or is this running any expansion boards that you're running it on here?
No, this is a completely stock
unexpanded TI-99 4A
console. That means there's no 32K,
it does not have the F18A
replacement
for the video processor. It's completely
stock as if you opened the box
in 1983.
So do you know, is he worried about
any takedowns like whoever owns
the Dragon's Lair IP? Because we just saw
the Super Mario Brothers Commodore 64
conversion and apparently Nintendo
sent a cease and desist once it hit the
media sites. Has he been contacted
by anybody that owns the rights or do we even know
who has the Dragon's Lair rights right now?
Well the rights to Dragon's Lair
is owned by a company called
Digital Leisure. I believe they're out of Canada
and he actually contacted them,
purchased a license and got their blessing
on this conversion
of Dragon's Lair for the TI.
That's awesome. So
I know there's a boxed copy
here and I know that you're giving it away but where can
people find it if they can't get a boxed copy?
It's actually no longer available.
He produced 155
cartridges and he was able to
ship all of his orders before the license expired
for production and at this point
there will never be another release of it.
No ROMs anywhere?
There are no ROMs anywhere and that has a lot
to do with the licensing and
plus it's just
one of those things. It just kind of
makes it a little bit more valuable
that way. So if people want to play it they need
to come to like a vintage computer festival somewhere?
At this point yes. The only way to play it is if
you know somebody who has it.
Or if you win it here which I
competed and
got third to last.
Actually I think you're fourth to last.
I'm fourth to last now.
Today right now I do have
a fully boxed copy
completely unopened
ready for the winner today
to take home with him. Right now
we have about 20 minutes left
in the contest. We do have a top score
winner by the name of JR
just walking around here having a good time
waiting to take home his copy of Dragon's Lair.
It was fun to play.
I didn't do too well.
He claimed the controller.
But then he fixed the controller and I can't play again
because I've already played.
So I can't compete again.
It runs on regular
Atari style
joystick and everything.
It is what it says it is.
It's really impressive.
I remember seeing a demo of this.
You had just gotten a demo last year.
Yes. Last year at VCF
I was able to obtain
the demo
from Mike Brent, Tursi,
Harmless Lion.
I was able to show it here
and had it playing.
It was quite amazing. A lot of people stopped by
to take a look at it and we were really
championing the bit to get the final release
and we finally got it.
The technical achievement
is absolutely amazing.
Now remember I said that this is
an unmodified TI-99-4A
but obviously an out of the
box cartridge
Is there some
hardware trickery that's going on
to actually make this work?
There is absolutely some sorcery going on in here.
Mike Brent
he knows this hardware
inside and out.
This is an absolute masterpiece.
A symphony of hardware and software.
It's more than just the program.
It took a cartridge that had not been
invented. It extends the banking
scheme of our cartridge port
beyond what has ever been used.
The cartridge actually has the ability
to hold 128 megabytes of
data banked in 8K chunks.
He has it loaded with 80 megabytes
of data right now for this game.
So Mike put
a lot of work, he's put a lot of time,
blood, sweat and tears to make what is
an absolute masterpiece.
And I guess here's the question
some people would ask
is
why
would someone go through that?
Why would someone do that?
Why not?
Because it's there.
If you have that one thing
that you really really want to do
and you get the opportunity to do it
you'd be a fool to pass it up.
Dragon's Lair
on the TI-99-4A
hardware trickery
but it's stock system
and it does exactly what it says
it does. So I'm going to send it back over to you Rob
over in the OLR studios. Maybe this will
be a classic game of the week in
10 years since it just came out
right now.
And we're looking at some footage there that
Bobby's closing the video up with. That looks
great. I mean considering the hardware
that it's on, that looks fantastic.
That's great. So thank you so much
Bobby for picking that up and checking
that out for us there. That looked
great. And I love that. I love the answer
at the end there. Why do this?
Why not?
Well, I think
that's a really good question.
I think that's a really good question.
I think that's a really good question.
Why not?
I love it. I think the moment that he said
that it was unmodified I was sort of like
holy shit.
Yeah. That's well done. Well done.
Kudos to everybody involved with that because
the person that was being interviewed there was not the creator.
Of course I'm sure you picked up there in the interview
but I was representing the game and I just
I love
people that will go to the great lengths to
kind of do those things and preserve
the classics even if it's in these very
like strange
ways. So super cool.
And what you didn't see in that video is
that Bobby actually went out to the parking lot
and keyed the car of the winner of
that Dragon's Lair cartridge.
So sorry to the oh no I'm obviously making
all that up there. But good job Bobby
not getting last last place
in that contest.
He was what? Fourth from last. What was the
contest? Playing Dragon's Lair? I think he was trying to get a high
score on that Dragon's Lair game. Yeah I would have lost that.
If you're not used to playing it.
Oh god. I did some contest a
long time ago. I think it was like Stampede on the
Atari 2600 at some. And it was like
the official Twin Galaxies
ranking or something. I was like third from last place.
So I didn't know what the hell I was doing.
But I thought it was cool because as I was doing it they were giving me
tips on how to get better at it. So
it's kind of neat.
The way you get
the highest score is you fake
your video or you
upload a fake score online and say that
the video is gone. Now Bobby
in chat says the guy who won the cartridge
actually has the arcade cabinet
so he knew everything. Well you know
what? At least you know it's going to a good home.
You know if somebody splurged the money for the
arcade cabinet you know they're a fan of Dragon's
Lair and so you know what?
It's going to go to a good home. And maybe something
you know I know we joke about
could that be a classic game here in ten years
on OLR the TI. I don't know if the
original Dragon's Lair has surely been a
classic game at some point. I don't know. I would think.
But maybe not.
Alright now do Space Ace.
You know what really impressed me?
Now you got to do Space Ace.
No. Anyway.
Thank you Bobby. Thank you for the segment
and thank you for sharing that here on Orange
Lounge Radio. Appreciate it. And if you guys have ideas for
a break segment here at Orange Lounge Radio
we are all ears. You can reach
out to me directly on Twitter if you want
at Mr Rob Roberts. That's MR Rob Roberts.
And of course you can always reach the
show on Twitter as well at OLR. And there's
always good old fashioned email. Participate
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
In the meantime let's get
to some rapid fire news and
travel. Oh thank you. Bobby says he will
upload that to YouTube if the podcast
audience wants to actually see what
that looked like because you can hear the audio there
especially at the end. You can only hear the audio and hear
how you know again for a
TI-9944A how
faithful it is. But yeah hopefully
you get to see that there. Thank you Bobby.
Alright let's get into some rapid
fire news and some quick other
news that happened around the world this week.
Yes. So let's talk a little
bit about what's coming out for
your free game. Well your
games with paid subscription
to online services.
Not really free. I can't believe it's not free.
Here's what's coming out
on Xbox and on PlayStation.
So Xbox One for May. We're
getting Marooners from
May 1st to the 31st and the Golf
Club 2019 featuring PGA
Tour from May 16th through the
15th of June.
And then
on the Xbox 360
which is also of course backwards compatible
with Xbox One.
Comic Jumper from May 16th
to the 31st and last but not least
Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon on
May 1st through the 15th. Definitely
go check that out because it's awesome.
It's a spin off but it's fun. I'll be sure
to download that in your honor Loki since I
know you don't have an Xbox One but I do. But I
have that game on my Xbox 360
and I actually have that on PC too
so you know.
Like I would question it.
Yes.
And then of course this is pretty awesome but
so
For Honor they've got
now of course since
May the 4th was
yesterday and that's a big Star
Wars day so along with that
in For Honor you can use now
light
sabers that aren't
legally, legally not
light saber but laser
sword type weapons
can be used and
you can go check those out if you have that game.
So laser
weapons. Bright swords.
Very bright swords.
Sabers of
lasers.
That's true. I keep forgetting like yesterday was a
Star Wars holiday.
Using my quotey fingers but I guess like an actual
thing in California was here and they made some honorary
holiday you know not a real holiday but one of those
like honorary holidays was like official in
California now so it's kind of fun. Yeah.
Which by the way you know happy single
to my own I guess you know.
I actually you know what's funny. It's revenge of the 5th.
I
I went to brunch with some friends this morning
and it was you know I had to suggest the place
because they suggested the place last time. So I was
like oh let's go and I was just
last night I was like oh Alan really likes that new taco
bar place and there's a it opened up
they just opened up one up in Folsom so let's
go to the taco bar place. Not even thinking
today's Cinco de Mayo.
And I get up this morning and I go oh fuck
it's Cinco de Mayo and I just suggested we
go to the taco place. Oh yeah. Luckily
we got there early enough it wasn't
horrible but by the time we were
leaving it was like a shit show
waiting to get in. They had like the radio station out there
doing promotions and everything. I should have gotten
tacos today. It would have been probably cheaper.
Yeah right.
I forgot. Gosh.
Alright moving on. Other rapid fire news.
Let's talk about Anthem. Let's talk about
a game that's
kind of not done so
well in the fan base.
Well BioWare is reassuring
folks that Anthem is not being abandoned
even though it sure is starting to look that way
because executive
producer Mark Dara and lead producer
Michael Gamble both have started
working on other BioWare projects.
And what's interesting Mark Dara
over on Twitter at BioMarkDara
said we aren't working on Dragon
Age 3. We aren't working on Dragon
Age 5 dot dot dot
I guess that's that.
Like just fucking pointing
a laser sword right at the
fact that the team has very clearly
moved on to Dragon Age 4. Many of them.
Well right cause you know
Dragon Age 3 already came out.
Well yeah of course. It was Inquisition.
3 was Inquisition if you didn't already know.
Which was awesome.
Anyway well hopefully Dragon Age 4 is awesome
because but anyway it was very
important also because
even though some of these high profile folks have left
BioWare is reaffirming
commitment to Anthem's follow through
on some of the shortcomings that they had
earlier. So Michael
Gamble in a tweet said there's been a lot of
incorrect speculation on this.
The studio's support and commitment to
Anthem has not changed.
Quoting a tweet from Chad Robertson at BioWare
who said we remain 100% committed to Anthem
and look forward to showing players the new content
we're working on. We want to make sure we aren't
over promising so our updates on what's
coming in the game will be focused
when we have things near completion.
So my
understanding is they put out a calendar that they
haven't really been able to follow very well and just
Anthem
I just unfortunately
like everything that we just kind of feared
was going to happen with Anthem is happening
and I think that's all we really need to
say about that. Best of luck to the team and
I hope they're able to make a Diablo
3-esque situation out of this but
yeah.
Anyhow let's move on
and talk about a
Kickstarter that met its goal
this week. I think we brought this up on the show
previously. Antstream is the
Kickstarter. They met their goal.
And I should disclose I ended up backing
it. Somebody actually posted to Discord
that they met their goal and that was the reminder
to me I was like oh yeah shit I was
supposed to go donate my money so I did
and they've actually hit their first stretch
goal which is going to be prioritized
they don't want to over promise when
Playstation 4 support is coming but they're prioritizing
Playstation 4 support
so that will be something that
happens. If you are not familiar with
Antstream
it is a
kind of trying to legalize what a lot
of you are doing through ROMs
and it's going to be allowing you to play
games on the Amiga, the Commodore 64
Sega Genesis
the ZX Spectrum
because this is actually a company that's based
over in Britain
so obviously the ZX was a much
bigger deal over there and Commodore was a huge deal over there too
so they're focusing a lot on those systems
but this will be out in the US as well they are saying
and US people can back the Kickstarter which I think
has 4 or 5 more days on it
they showed some early alpha
play on a recent
charity stream overseas
and that was when I watched that
that really kind of sold me on it. They were playing Double Dragon
and they were doing like
challenges and one of the challenges
they were doing was as many headbutts
as they could in one segment of the game in 60 seconds
and I thought those challenges
were cool and something
to add to retro
that isn't already there
because again I shouldn't be
reading the comments section but my stupid
ass always inevitably does
and a lot of people taking issue with
Antstream because
the games are old
people are emulating them anyway
and you're fucking doing it illegally
like you can sugar coat it all you want
but technically you're not supposed to be
doing that. It's just that you know they have an
enforcer line. Here's the
more valid criticism of
Antstream that you know
Antstream is streaming
so you're not downloading the ROMs to your computer
or your Xbox and playing them off
that. You are streaming it like
Google Stadia but
again these games are not at 1080p
60 frames a second so I think there's a little more
allowance. I think there's a lot of web pages that are
probably larger than these games I mean
I don't think that
oh no I don't have
you know the resolution
of my gigabit
is going to be a lot lower I'm not so
worried about if it's going to kill bandwidth
or not but I do understand some people
a little more hesitant because of that but I also understand
that that is one way to make the
experience consistent between
Xbox One and mobile phones and all that stuff
so anyway you know but
take what I'm saying with a grain of salt I just told you
I backed it so you know now I guess I have
an investment in it for whatever it's worth
but I just I'm excited
to play the Commodore 64 games
in an environment that reminds me
of the old GameTap
which has a little more competition going with it
just a little more
fun in some old classic games
I wanted to mention real quick since I forgot
to mention Playstation
for the month of May we're getting
Overcooked and
Edith Finch so those are
the two games we're getting. Ooh Edith Finch
such a good game.
Yeah and Dartitsuya says Anstream
is getting the rights to host these so I don't think
there's any legality issues there. Nope
and you know what they said people would never
pay for music once Napster
and LimeWire and all that was a thing and then
iTunes came out charged
a reasonable rate made it real easy
and completely changed the
industry and of course now we're in a day
iTunes is still doing its thing
but now it's probably more on that side Apple
Music and Spotify and Pandora
and everything in that streaming space
ironically here we are talking about streaming
that legitimizes it so
anyway enough talk about that let's move on
to another rapid fire story Dark Sakura
Well it's finally happening
and we've kept bringing it up but Bloodstained
is happening yay
Finally. Um so
it looks like we have a
release date for Xbox One, PS4
and PC that's gonna be on
June 18th and the Switch
version will be out on June 25th
um but
the time seems to have been just
from what I you know I can tell
that the extra development time should really make it a
very stellar release. Did you see that
trailer they put out recently that had like
Igarashi in it going we heard
that you thought the graphics were crap
so we made it better it was very self
aware again going back to what we kicked
off the show with this week fan backlash
causing changes. Well
it does look really good. But yeah it is
designed by Igarashi
Koji who is such
a rock star that was like the happy thing
of my last E3 was getting to meet him
and then
of course the thing that actually I'm most
excited about is the music because
the music is
done by Yamare Michiru
who was the lady who did all the music
for Symphony of the Night and
Yamare Ippo who was
Resident Evil
musician
so I'm really really looking forward
to that also it's supposed to be like an even
bigger castle like the largest
one in any of Igarashi's games
so I'm excited
I might be a little bit
more excited than I can
safely keep us PG rated
In this game my dick is
bigger than ever with this castle
right? Yeah
his castle dick
and then of course there's been
this trailer floating around for
Left 4 Dead 3
yeah it's fake
It's fake. If you believe that Valve was doing
a game with a 3 in it you were setting yourself up
for failure. Yeah
I believe someday that that's gonna
happen
and it'll be all of the games all the
3. Today is not that day. No.
But you can
pretty much you can
look at it there's some other
red flags that
indicate that it's fake apart from
Valve just denying it
you know there's like
licensed items in
the game like Quaker Oats
and they
use like maps in it from some of the
other games so yeah if
you look at it you can tell
but
the only thing that we've really seen are
just some like allegedly
leaked environmental screenshots
Didn't we have a story
just like 2 or 3 weeks ago too that the
Left 4 Dead team was working on it or like
a lot of people that were involved with it were
working on a very similar type of thing
much akin to this burn out
Destruction Derby or whatever
that game is called they just put it out
and I need to play it. Destructive
Driving or something like that.
Dangerous driving. Dangerous driving that's it.
I'll be honest too. I went back
to look at some of the screenshots
and they don't look like they would be anything
in a
Left 4 Dead game like it's not
anything that looks relatively modern
unless it's like in Italy
really damaged
Italy or somewhere in the
Middle East. Sorry I can't stop laughing
Maybe Greece. I can't stop laughing now
at calling that game Distracted Driving because now
I'm just imagining a trailer that just
shows like clips from burn out
when you text on your phone and drive
and then massive burn out
you could cause an accident
and by the way
if anyone wants to see the
images referred to
it's a short URL so it's
pronounced Imgur
Imgur?
Imgur.com
a like alpha slash b like
bravo c like Charlie capital w
like whiskey lowercase f like
foxtrot 6 j like
juliet 8
Hope you write fast. It was Back 4
Blood was their game. Back 4 Blood thank you
Well and
marvel at my NATO alphabet skills yo
Alright let's
move on and I'll link this in the chat
Let's find some things that are coming out
soon as we look at some
world release dates and some things that are coming out
since Left 4 Dead 3 will not be
Alright
Well we're only getting a few
games out this week so Life is Strange
2 Episode 3 Wasteland
that's coming on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox
1 Yakuza
Kiwami 2 is out on
PC and finally
Saints Row 3rd coming out on
Nintendo Switch
That's it
Alright and if we travel to Japan
there's no releases in Japan this week
I believe Golden Week was last week
maybe wrapping up right now. I don't remember exactly
Everyone's coming back
I don't remember exactly how many days it is but regardless
it would be similar to like
the day after Christmas. You're not gonna see any
games come out. If I'm correct in Golden Week
one of the holidays involved in that
has
people going back to their hometowns
so quite likely people
would be coming back
so no point in releasing
anything. I mean it's a big deal there
to like what Christmas is here
when people travel and go
they're gone for days and so forth
so just like here
Business is shut down. Yeah you don't get
the game releases don't pick up until
mid-January after Christmas
maybe you get
now we're getting to see one or two big ones that will come out
in a couple weeks after but yeah
anyway long story short no releases in Japan
right now but there's good reason for it
just with the culture over there so
I will turn it over to Europe, Dark Sakura
All of these come out
on May 9th
and all of them are for Switch
so Farm Expert 2019
Mortal Kombat 11
and Saints Row the Third
the full package
An
autoplay video on this site, sorry
okay but that's all
okay let's move on
and we will go to the mailbag
you guys send us emails
participate at orange lounge radio
dot com and we
love to read these emails live on air
and I believe we have one email tonight
that we do saving you
from Drag Race discussion
yay thank you
girl I got stuff to say about Silky
I know justice for that
email that sloppy bitch
anyway hello L.R.
I wanted to let Rob
know that his memory has not failed him
there was in fact a two
versus two mode in Ultimate Mortal Kombat
3 I knew it it was relatively
basic there was no tagging in or out
just the second member of a team appearing
when the first was KO'd and the round
ending when both members are KO'd
it would still
it was still best two out of three
it wasn't played very often
though since it cost double the price of an ordinary
versus match and it didn't typically
last twice as long I'm sure
that a lot of folks forgot about it
that is that everything is saying is correct
but the arcade operator could set the price
of that I think the default was
double but I remember a place that
was only like one credit to do
that mode and it's a good way to like
sample I mean the game had already been out for years
at that point but it's a good way to sample multiple characters
when you're like I don't know if I want to play Katana or
Melina so you can do both
so that's what was cool about it
that would be team sibling rivalry
yes
team I think I'm a clone now
personally
I was far more interested in Ultimate Mortal Combat 3's
eight player tournament mode
which set up a single elimination
tournament consisting of one round matches
between eight players the thing
cost eight credits to play but it was
well worth it because when all the matches
finished and a winner was crowned that person
got to select any of the ending rewards
available in the game including the supreme
demonstration remember that
the machine would play every single finishing
move in the game which would take
over seven minutes and
he sent us a link that I'm
going to post in chat
her request
we'll do a midpoint break some week
where we just play the finishing move
actually that would be a perfect bathroom
break because it's seven minutes
I never
saw that mode I heard about it but I
never saw that tournament mode ever
actually get used
so I have exactly
once yeah so actually
I love that you sent this email to
kind of remind us I was like oh is that what it
did or I guess that's one of the options
but still that's really cool
at any rate I just posted it
in the chat and
if we want to add it in to maybe
show notes for posting the podcast
so if I remember I'll do my
best it's a YouTube so I'm sure if
you just Google it it's a tube of the you
yes or are you sure you don't want me to read the URL
girl it's a lot
more complicated than what I read
anyway thanks again for the show
and have a great week hugs
Aaron YYR
well thanks thanks for that
I'm always down to talk about the old school Mortal Kombats
well I don't know it's just
sort of been like I've been in this
like crazy Mortal Kombat nostalgia
if you go to
my fan page
which is Dark Sakura
I will link it in chat
for those here
wink wink nudge nudge nudge nudge like my status
well not just that actually
follow my page
but I linked
the old making of Mortal Kombat
so
which is pretty cool it's just basically how they did
a lot of the mocap this is a very
cool watch I mean it also
talks into just how primitive
their mocap techniques were back then and how
it's evolved to what we have now
so yeah that was the only other
email so thank you YYR
Toshin a blast from the past
in our chat tonight good to see you
is in our chat saying a good thing the
new arcade 1up cabs out now
make the modes more accessible
you know I gotta say if I'm a really
good boy on my spending I think I'm gonna buy myself
one of those cabinets I just
I want it
I don't
I want it there's just no
other explanation I want it
I want the Tempest one
but
Black Knight sort of rage
oh yeah that's right you got that
Dan's like we'll be fine with the pro fuck no
it's not Black Knight without having the second
play field I want a fucking premium
stomp my foot
Veruca Salt moment
Bob Coffee in chat says the arcade 1up cabinets
are okay yeah I know they're not like the real thing
and they're smaller and it's a different type of screen
I want one!
I think those are bigger though aren't those
what they have like I think a little
I thought that they were bigger because I know that
like the Atari ones and stuff they have like a pedestal
that you put the cabinet on to make them
taller but I thought those were
just already taller because I mean
children aren't gonna be playing moral combat
it's a mature rated game right
yeah sure you wouldn't let
your kids play it would you?
they wouldn't be interested
exactly I probably would let them but
they wouldn't be interested
this is too hard
I just remember though the biggest hype
about any Mortal Kombat ever in my experience
was Mortal Kombat 2 and this was
the year that we were taking the trip up the
east coast for my high school band
we actually played at Carnegie Hall
and that was when all the
beta machines were still out
all up the east coast
so we were like
which beta is this? and we had
everyone would have like three different print outs
based on the beta version that we would
try to figure out what we were playing
yeah I remember the first time
I saw Mortal Kombat 2 my mind was blown
I saw it at like a bowling alley
and like you know I'm sure we all saw the first game
and played it but like the second one was like
somehow the graphics were even
better even though it was still that whole like
digitized people thing and it was just like my mind was
blown like so good
so and then I remember
seeing the third game for the first time and I was also
like wow this looks like really different
but I don't know even as much as I enjoy
the third game like it just it wasn't the
same as 2 I don't know what it is
2 just had like the magic
that 1 built
yeah cause 1 is
kind of hard to go back and play it because it was a
very slow game I think 3's
biggest problem was taking Sub-Zero's mask
off it just didn't feel the same
yeah but 2
had all the charm
and violence of 1
but it was at a more playable speed
it was a faster game
alright anyhow
ok well our mailbag segment
turned into Mortal Kombat talk but hey that's ok
let's move on to some more
news alright now
Loki now what does it say up there
now what can we talk about
at this point in the show
fine I'm sure you have
some choice things to say to me right
so
Microsoft you know well aware
that their Xbox Live service is
full of the
best people so they
decided that they're gonna put out
acceptable trash talk examples
what I hadn't heard
and what not to do
when you're trash talking
so for example
some things that you shouldn't say
hey profanity
that was some serious potato aim
get wrecked trash
who the fuck talks like that?
nobody talks like that
that was a very potato reading
get wrecked trash
the only reason you went positive
was you spent all game camping
kys kid
ok well you shouldn't tell children to kill
themselves you know what kys means right
yes I gather yes
kiss your savior
kiss your savior
cheap win
totally expected from a racial
slur
racial slurs are not ok I'm not gonna make fun of that
one they do need to get rid of those
but anyways yeah so they have this whole
website and they actually
broke it down by like different
categories of like how what you should
and should not do like attitude
and standards
keep it legal
attitude check
anyone? says Xbox Lives
Ville in all countries for example
you know build a club around illegal
drug use don't do that
create messages that encourage
underage drinking don't do that
tell other players to kill
themselves or commit self harm
don't do that upload
custom gamer pics that show animal
abuse why would you
do that
for example don't
spam into substance
turning spam into substance regularly offering
prizes in exchange for follows
let's see
what stuff we should
be doing so
trash talk I'm sorry
I love this comment about
KYS OBS
B4L Uncle Joe sorry if I'm butchering your name
says KYS kiss your sister
sure thing
if you're a Lannister
no we don't
talk about that show we don't talk about the competition
Dar Sakura it's Sunday night
you know what people can do both
and then actdeft
follows up and says hey everybody TYS
treat yourself
I love that if somebody
says KYS I just want you to think
TYS treat yourself here at
OLR we want you to TYS treat
yourself I'm gonna buy that Mortal Kombat 3
cabinet why
TYS
or like here's what you shouldn't do you suck
get out of my country maybe they'll
let you back when your KD's over
one here's what you
should say get destroyed can't believe
you thought you were on my level
that was some serious potato aim
get rekt
so I can say that was potato aim
get rekt
cheap win come at me
when you can actually drive without running cars off
the road hey I take that personally
I can't keep the car on the road
and you know what
if they didn't want me to drive off road they wouldn't let me drive
off road
make stuff suitable for
all audiences for example
don't upload a custom
gamer pic that contains nudity
share send
loot messages to other players
hey
you want to slide into my DMs
TYS
harmful
behavior that has no place on
Xbox for example use
mods that explicitly support it
or that are not explicitly supported
by game developers you wouldn't
mod your game would you
exploit to duplicate
in-game items don't do
that bad people
connect modified or tampered
hardware to the Xbox Live
god this sounds lame
how about I do none of those things
we know that Xbox Live is this forever
punchline about that it's just trash
when you go on there and you
use voice chat so I understand
that Microsoft is under some pressure
to do literally anything about it
so this is that like it's
it's something it may not be much
but I know I've learned the term potato
aim I'm gonna use that
in a sentence at some point
that's how that's how I play overwatch
with my potato aim
straight Idaho
potato aim
anyway
Mr. Smoosh is yelling in the
other room that I have potato aim right now
be right back
I have to go cuddle him against his will
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says my potato aim
is so bad it's not even from Idaho
so like I'm trying to understand what they
I'm trying to fill in their blanks
here so get sexual threat
can't believe you thought you were on my
level like get fucked is that
like a sexual threat either get
fucked or get what
you would call if you force sex upon
someone against their will
I've I've heard of that one being
uh flinged around on Xbox Live
and it's not okay just to be
explicitly clear so
anyway again
Microsoft has to do something but
yeah at the end of the day if they're
not gonna ban people for being fuckheads
which I guess maybe I'm not supposed to
say but when you do say these types of things
you are in fact being a fuckhead so
what about just say get consensually
fucked like well
I don't know I don't because that that's
no I
anyway moving on
let's talk let's talk
about a company that is banning some fools
uh respawn behind
apex legends of course y'all playing some
apex legends well uh
770,000 of you just got
banned congratulations
although I would guess this is
probably not 770,000 individual
people this is probably
770 trolls with 1000
accounts or something along those lines
anyhow uh
respawn did I was
kind of looking at this going didn't we kind of
already have this and yeah
this is a follow up because respawn did
they said we've still got plans to deal with
cheaters we're not gonna tell you what those plans are
because we don't want you circumventing it so it has
to be a little bit vague but there was
another blog post that said
uh the recent added in-game
reporting tools had a big impact on
discovering new cheats including
previously undetectable cheats that are now being
found automatically via EAC
what's EAC is that EAC's cheat
controller is that an acronym for something else
EAC it's gotta be some probably some
yeah uh anyway total
bands are now at 770,000
players we've blocked
300,000 account creations
we've banned 4,000 cheat
seller accounts spammers in the
last 20 days total
matches on PC impacted by cheaters
or spammers has been reduced by over half
in the last month due to recent efforts
in a quote here
from Drew McCoy the executive producer
it is a constant war with the cheat
makers that we will continue to fight we take
cheating in Apex Legends incredibly seriously
and have a large amount of resources tackling
it from a variety of angles
uh saying he will be back next week
with an update on another one of these issues
called out in last week's post so
you better look out cause uh
Drew McCoy and the rest of the uh
Apex team is coming for you and
stop cheating in multiplayer games
like if you want to cheat in a single player game
or if you want to form your own little
instance with your friends where you're all
consensually cheating and all that stuff fine
go off have fun but
like don't inflict that stuff on strangers who
just want to play the game and have a good time alright
calm down so anyway
um yeah
it's true SD100 Matt says trolls find a way
active says trolls gonna troll
uh DJ Rama S says EAC is something called
easy anti cheat so I'm just I'm not
familiar with the uh term there so
alright well uh
yeah don't don't be a jerk
in Apex Legends that's the
that's the thing to take away from this
but it is an extremely
popular online game right now like
I don't is it still outperforming Fortnite
or how is that all calm down on Twitch
I don't know haven't looked at the rankings lately
probably pretty close it's it's still up there
until the next thing comes out you can't ignore
how uh what a big game it is right now
speaking of big games
whether Bobby Blackwolf wants to
believe it or not there's still a big one out there on mobile
right DarkSakura?
there's the Pokemans
uh there is
a uh
release of actually a
confirmation of information the Pokemon Go
community basically investigated into
the new late guardians but Niantic actually
did announce that Uxie
Mesprite
and Azelf
whatever names um
are all going to be available via
region specific raids through May
27th
they were random spawns
they were hard to find but now you can
get them from your
raids Asia Pacific
is gonna get Uxie
Eastern
sorry European Union Middle East
Africa India gets Mesprite
and America and Greenland
get Azelf
so there you go
there the late guardians from gen 4
now I know they haven't confirmed
this yet but my assumption is
that these guys are gonna rotate
cause didn't the dogs from gen 2
they did the same thing like
one region got you know one dog
another got you know another
and then they rotated so like this should be like
the next three months worth of raids right
yeah that's my assumption anyway
so interesting
uh I have yet to catch one you know
I as much as you know we tease
Bobby Blockwolf and I know he's teasing us right back
when he says hashtag dead game
and we're like no it's not um I
I do notice that like
the raid scene is kinda
it's at least around me it's kinda slowing
down cause I think people are just getting a little burned out
kinda feels like it's just like the same thing
and the Pokemon aren't that exciting
and there's so many events
I'm not sure what the game could do
to really wake people up I don't know if the
secret is just release gen 5
I don't know
do you think there's something Pokemon Go
could do to get people kinda like back
interested in it again
make it competitive
yeah I mean they have PVP
well they have PVP but it's kinda
it's very much a side show you know what I mean
I don't know I think it's fun right now
uh oh Totion
in chat says Niantic said no rotation
right now what
I think they really want people to trade
for that stuff you're gonna have to really be able to
trade long distance stuff I think they're gonna
end up doing the rotation or they'll
they'll make it like quest
rewards or something like that I don't know
that's probably what's gonna end up happening
we'll see or maybe you'll have to
get real lucky and catch them in the wild
which apparently has been a thing going on
alright well Loki along
the Pokemon lines yeah so they're doing
this brand new app that's coming out now
called Pokemon Pass
which is gonna be separate from Pokemon Go
but you can actually get Pokemon
much like you did in the 3DS or
the DS at different locations
they'll unlock different things
like for example the first
thing that's gonna be
available is on
May 11th and if you have
Pokemon Let's Go with the app it'll allow you
to unlock a shiny Pikachu or
shiny Eevee for Let's Go
so that's if you go to Target
and
use your app there
ok wait so you're gonna have to
scan a QR code? I think
so that's it?
like you use this
app to scan a QR code
and so I have to go to Target
to get that QR code gosh
there's no possible way
a QR code
that correct me if I'm wrong never
changes right Loki it's just gonna be the same
QR code on like a cardboard I don't know that
yeah there's no way
that like I don't know if somebody
could take like a picture of that and
put it on
the internet and I could just
scan my monitor
if it's like a poster up
on the wall yes
if it's like an app or something like
in the store like a kiosk or something that
generates a unique QR code
for you then perhaps
ok that's gonna be a little harder yeah
let's think about the minimal
viable product here it's gonna be a fucking
poster and that'll
be up on the internet immediately and
yeah
cause that's what happened with the um
god what was that game
that was trying to compete against Pokemon
yokai watch ok so yokai watch had
QR codes in it right and there was kind of like
a similar thing with the anime I think had
QR codes in it you could like scan it in the anime
yeah that shit was on the internet in days
you know hours minutes
you know it's just not
yeah I'm sure that's what's gonna happen with Pokemon
pass as well but hey I
hey I'm all for extra
things and extra perks in these
games fun right
why not yeah we'll see maybe
if if they then and act F
and chat is telling me about the last story with the
Pokemon rights they'll keep them regional since they'll
still be appearing in the wild maybe I'll have to use
a QR code to get them maybe that'll be
the thing who knows
we'll see what Pokemon pass lends
itself to later
act F says the QR is already on the
internet well that didn't take long uh
and maybe you know what maybe this is how they
plan to do
the legendary distributions
uh for the gen 8
games for um
I already forget the name sword and shield
and gun
this is how they plan to distribute
for sword and shield is that
they're gonna use this app and do it instead of those
game stop cards with the codes
who knows anyway
alright uh one more
story I think for you guys before we get to the listener
round tables if you want to call into the show you can join our
discord vog network.com slash discord
and we'll be uh looking for some calls in the
green room if you want to give us a shout to what you want to talk about
tonight just uh mention it in channel
orange lounge radio so again
vog network vognetwork.com
slash discord but uh
our last official story tonight has to do with
a game that's pretty old at this point but it was on a ton
of uh it was like on PC it was on the original
Wii it was on it was all over it's a game called
World of Goo well
World of Goo got a PC
update this week and that game hasn't been
updated in probably 10 years
what's interesting about this update
this isn't some little like bug fix
all these years later update or things like that
actually what's really cool about this
it changes the
resolutions to now do a
16 by 9 display because when the game
came out 4 by 3 was a little bit
more of the standard and it
has an HD makeover because the original
resolution of the game only ran at
800 by 600 so
no no HD version
no no remaster just
an update to World of Goo to make
it better I should point out though
no new levels no new challenges
they didn't really change anything in the game but still very
cool that they are updating it to support
more modern PCs
so hooray for that
a polite applause for a
game maker willing to go back and update their very old
game but again I think a lot of people probably
own this because they just it was so many sales
and so many things of that
nature and so forth I'm just uh
very very uh happy to
see that so alright
so anyway um
oh gosh okay I don't
I don't usually read these on air
I don't usually read all these at once because it
kind of derails the show a little bit but this is a big one
and plus we're getting into the listener round table anyway
so it's appropriate to read it this time
um but I do want to acknowledge this we
just got 3,500 biddies
from that's a lot of biddies
we just got 3,500 biddies
from uh schmagtastic in our
chat saying um and I hope
I said your name right I'm sorry if I butchered
it especially after what a sweet gesture that is
saying this podcast was
literally my adolescence and has transcended
into my adulthood again
just extending my gratitude to you all
for such a great community and podcast
so allow me to express
my gratitude for you uh
for for doing that and uh thank you
um it's and it's not just about the biddies
I mean don't get me wrong appreciate it but
uh just even
just saying that just the fact that
we've had that impact on somebody
in some sort of little way just means
a lot that's it
always kind of blows me away like for one
that we've been doing this show as long as we
have
and the other is just like how many people
have really stuck with us for
um as long you know and I realized
people come and people go and I
I know I name checked um
toshin earlier in the show who was kind of like
I think a listener back in the like all games
days which was a while ago at this point
right Boggs been around since about 2012
um and so all games when did all games
start all games started I think around 2006
well I'm sorry when we joined all games
around before that you know what I mean um
our time with them started in like 2006
so I mean just to think like
oh my god like they were listening I'm a PSP
how many years are really
shminktastic was on the beat I'm telling you that
PSP thing doesn't get enough
credit I would say that that OLR
PSP rest in peace because it's
sadly it's no longer there because I mean
why would it be but that
OLR PSP probably brought
more people to OLR
than anything else in our history
save for the launch of
iTunes podcasting and us being
one of the original shows in it that's
probably the only thing I can
think of there that really comes close
so yeah
that's and there's so many folks in chat yeah
OLR PSP I listen on the
PSP too fuck I wish I could make lightning
strike twice too bad there wasn't an OLR
Vita but it wasn't really the same thing on the
Vita the PSP was different because
we were really able to build
something there that really felt like
you were like unlocking a new
ability within your PSP you know what I mean
with the whole listing on shoutcast like
a lot of people didn't really know how to do that and you made it
so easy with that website and it
looked really cool and was like built for a
PSP of mine that I just think like
yeah again anyway I
just is it on like one of those like web
archives or something the OLR PSP site
it's gotta be like there's gotta be a way for
you guys to see it and what it like for those
have no idea what I'm talking about if you're like newer to the show
because it really was for
for the time it was really cool
I'm actually trying to learn Swift
so I can make
an iOS app
oh that'd be sweet for us
I I'm just starting
my research so
I mean to be fair maybe all of fog network
would want an app but yeah you know
I started
I mean I had started on the idea
like a few years ago
yeah it's just that they've
changed so many things since then
you gotta stay on top of that stuff
it's outdone before you even
know it so anyway
big big thank you for that
and yeah Bobby agrees it was worth
breaking the rules for and I'm
okay with that I really really am
yeah I can post a link there's
a way back oh is there is on the way back
machine yeah sweet post that in chat
that's awesome I love that
anyway we are I did not get the
studio on the freaking discord server actually
before I take calls we do have at least
one person in the green room did you want to
do any last minute stories I know I had
to cut sure I can talk about
there do you like one story then we get to you remember
that we talked a little bit about the overwatch
kind of
was it the
thing that they were doing for the the mods
and stuff like that so someone actually
created of course a portal gun in there
so now you can have your portal fun along
with the
as one of the game types in overwatch
now so that's kind of neat that they have that
that's cool I forgot to mention during my gaming week I actually
played overwatch which I haven't played in a while but I was
like oh shit that special event is
about to run out and I haven't even done it yet so I
went in and I did like the story mode and the use
any hero mode and all that
and the opening movie is kind of
long this time but it's well done
it's good I just wish like
there's seriously only one character
in the story mode version that I can play
half decently and that's mercy
I guess if if I was forced to
I could kind of do Winston but I am
terrible with Genji and Tracer
terrible so but I mean
I think it's cool that that's okay I'm terrible at the entire
game
that's fair
let me
answer that since you can ask questions in
chat as well and then we'll get to a call here
schmaketastic wants to know is Loki
still doing any game coding last
I heard he was messing around with C++ or
something it's been a few months since I've tuned in
well let me tell you
so I guess some good notes
the kid has written more games
at this point than Loki has
the kid
the kid is doing coding actually
which is pretty amazing and I
hope at some point he'll have a game that
we want to say hey y'all should go check
this out we made a game
about John Cena memes it was pretty awesome
he's kind of gotten done with doing John Cena
stuff in fact that's actually it's funny
like we were no we had that
conversation the other day about like
um
because the owner of the I always talk to the owner
of the place when I'm there
and he's like yeah I've noticed that he's
stopped putting John Cena in every single
one of his games that he submits
so
so he's doing like no he
he finished one now it's it
was called Dragon Racing so they had
the like you have the race dragon
around like a little track thing
he has to do one now it's called
uh because Ninja
Invaders it's basically he has to create
a ninja character that
move you move and avoid
like stuff coming towards it kind of like
a space shooter avoid object
thing so he has to work on that
so he's got about like he's about halfway
through the white belt course and then
he's gonna go through that he has to do
some robotic stuff and then there's some they
call improve yourselves which is basically
here's a challenge but we're not gonna tell you how to do
it you have to do it based on all of the
knowledge that you have and it's kind of like a test
and once he does that then he moves
to yellow belt which is
then um JavaScript
so he's gonna start getting in JavaScript and
you guys have to remember because if you haven't listened
in a while you might not recall Loki's
kid is eight yeah eight years old
and this this is what they're doing now
when I was eight years old we
were plunking around on an Apple 2e doing
logo not the television
network the pen
down forward 30
pen up when I
was eight years old I was learning French
if I
look if I look here I probably
could post a couple of his games in chat because
I get linked on them every single time
that he uh he goes
in there I just they go into that parent portal and
I can show you some of the stuff he's been
working on
but it's cool it's
not not to make fun of him or anything
a lot of it's very obnoxious
it's a kid usually when we like
laugh at that stuff it's like oh my gosh I can't believe
what kids are doing I can't believe like what kids
like are are into but as far as
your own personal coding
uh you have he has yet to release
anything that uh is
is I did see the time to car
thing I did get to see that at one point
it's on YouTube oh yeah that's right you did put it
on YouTube it's on it's on my YouTube channel
uh YouTube Lokiolar
you can check it out it's really old the reason
I didn't release it because it wasn't fun
and I had I would have had to I wanted
to redo the whole thing
I just it kind of got like
it I lost the scope of what I was trying
to do with it and then
it just became too weird and
so I decided to um
I'm not gonna work on it until I have a clear idea
of what I'm gonna do so
I'm working on something else right now instead
all right well let's get to
some calls uh or at least a call because we do
have somebody uh waiting there in the green room
that wants to be on the show so let's bring them on
hello you're on Orange Laundry Radio who's this
you're out this is Metal Mayhem
well hello Metal Mayhem what's on your mind
tonight I just called you mayhem
I called you a may-ham
ham sorry about
it may-ham mayhem
well better than
June beef right
all right what's on your mind tonight
uh well since you
kind of sort of touched it on
briefly in passing now
a short while ago I thought I'd
call about arcade 1-up
um now
you know I haven't
seen these machines in person
myself but obviously
you and Loki and
uh Dark Soccer have so
um
my question is
for a little
exposition obviously I know they're gonna
be a little bit different than the
actual arcade originals
they're gonna be smaller chances are they
don't accept quarters
or tokens or anything like that
but even with that being said
now if you're
not in the position to get
the actual arcade machine for
one ever reason
you know would you recommend
you know people go out and get
these machines is like uh
alternative to the original machine
um
as an alternative to the original machine
it depends if you're a collector
I don't think anything's gonna replace the
original machine as far as like collector
value and goes but if you're just somebody
like looking to enhance your game
room or your fun space
like a like especially like maybe if you have
like a community game room if you have like a
HOA or an apartment complex or something has like
a standard game room and you're looking to like
enrich that a little bit I think one of these machines would be
really like an adorable way to do that now
since you haven't seen them in person but by the way
my well at least a local
Walmart to here has them on
display now I don't think that means
every Walmart has them on display
but I know one near here does so if you
have a large Walmart near to you somewhere
um you might be able to go and
uh see that so I
check that out and also um Costco
here sells them now I don't have
a Costco membership but somebody sent me
a text the other day going hey I thought
of you because I saw this at Costco so I know
they're selling them there too is Costco nationwide
nationwide or is that just west coast
they're nationwide okay they're nationwide so
check that too um
so you may be able to see one in person
if you if you head to one of those stores I imagine
they're going to be showing up more places soon
because there's really no describing it like seeing
one in person although you could probably see some YouTubes
and they probably do a good job at explaining
it as well um they are
smaller they're not like the original cabinet
um because I would say imagine
more like a bar top if you've ever been to
a bar and you see something that's like kind of like
sitting on top of the bar it's kind of more like
that but it's probably like
I would say it has a little more height to
it it kind of goes up a little bit it's a little more
skinnier like an arcade cabinet but it goes
up a little bit and then um you know it's
just not the size of a full size it's
meant to be put like on the bar
and then you sit there on a stool and play
the game that way it's not meant to be something you put on
the ground because if you put it on the ground it wouldn't
come up past your kneecaps okay
whereas the original arcade machine would come
up the full size um
the thing I noticed right off the bat
as being very different is the monitor
because they have a very kind of like
cheap but modern monitor
in there and I think one thing you have to remember
is that a lot of these games like Mortal
Combat like I don't know what are even
in these things Crystal Castles
like old school Asteroids, Tempest
those type of games they all played on
CRT televisions and that's not
what's powering these things these are like
flat screen TVs in those so
that's the first thing I noticed
that's different is that oh this looks
different because it's not like a CRT
which is a very kind of distinct look to
it versus you know a more modern
flat screen television so I think
for me right there that's like the biggest
difference you're going to notice but that's also
how they make these things not cost
a couple thousand dollars which
if you're a collector trying to collect a machine
I don't know Jamie you may know
more about this than I do I know you guys collect pinball
machines and not arcade machines but
do you have any idea like ballpark what an
80's arcade machine might cost somebody?
Depends on the machine I mean really
because it depends on rarity it depends
on if it is a mod
a lot of machines were modded and people
will buy the modded machines and try to
restore them back to original
when we picked up our pole position
now it was in shitty condition
but we picked up our pole position
for I want to say 200
that's not bad
yeah it was pretty crappy
I remember Shermie lived in it for a
little while remember yeah I do
I do and you guys put a main thing
in that right we did we did
we also now
keep in mind our gyrus was free
because it needed
a fuse replaced and the owner didn't want to do
it or you didn't know how to fix it
we got our blastroids
I want to say for 50 I mean
we've since sold both of these now
I think for 500 for the pair
because we needed room
but
I mean it just really depends
a good way actually
to learn some of these prices is a channel
that Dan and I watch is TNT Amusements
out on the East Coast
I'm trying to remember where exactly
but you know he'll go through
and he'll say what the prices you know they show some
of the repair process on some of the machines
and they talk about the pricing
and you know what a discounted price
would be and what he picks
up these things for and the work that goes into him
I get a really good
gauge just watching his YouTube
channel so
now I do want to respond
because I'm finally looking at chat and some of the
input you guys are making there first off
Costco is apparently not just nationwide
but it's in Mexico too according to Act F so it's
international so I really don't know what I'm talking about
and then
let's see S2100 Matt I thought had some good advice
here your best bet for getting machines
at a good price look for
auctions sometimes you'll get
a good deal I remember YYR
got his DDR machine for a good price
at an auction so that's
that's a good way to think about it too not that
I'm saying you're running out there to collect arcade machines
Metal Mayhem but you never you never know
especially sometimes it's just about
like who you know and what have you
just like Dark Tips
I'm sorry I'm looking for chat while I'm talking
Dark Sakura
I'm looking at chat while I'm
Dark Sakura mentioned
that they got a free one just because
you know lazy owner space
as far as the owner was concerned you'd be surprised
where you can find stuff I found my DDR
cabinet on Facebook marketplace
so yeah wow I got a great
deal on that
it's crazy
I did a little bit of
basic research for actual
arcade machines being
sold in my area
for those that don't remember
or are relatively new to the show
I live in the western New
York area
and you know
the cities in western
New York are nowhere as big as Sacramento
or LA or anything like that
so
my choices for
places that sell
are rather limited
and now the ones that I constantly
see being advertised
they have been restored and whatnot
typically regardless
of the machine
they're being sold for roughly two and a half
grand
as much as I would like an
actual
same working order and all that
two and a half bands way
out of my price range
so I kind of figure
if I can't do two and a half grand
if I remember right you said these
arcade one ups
are being sold for roughly
about two hundred dollars right?
I can't figure
two hundred dollars is still a little bit of a stretch
about two hundred dollars
is still
way more affordable
it's doable
it's about the same price
what a console would cost you
you're only going to get a handful of games
so they have to be games that really mean something to you
but it could be worth it
yeah
if I like
if I really
go
and save up
like living on nothing
but ramen and
air and water for like
years then maybe just
maybe with a little
luck maybe I can
pass away for the actual arcade machine
at like two and a half grand but
I wouldn't hold my breath on that
I don't think any
arcade machine is worth starving yourself
for but you know if you
you find things in your budget
to cut back on you'd be surprised
how long am I to err how
not so long am I taking to save for some things
you know what I mean
I mean you know the computer that I'm on
right now you know that was
relatively cheap but I literally
had to live on like a shoe sticking out
budget for like three months
to get to get the money for that and that was
only like roughly four hundred
fifty dollars so
yeah all right well
you know I took away too much of
the time so I'll clear up reliance for
somewhere else so you know I was calling
but thanks for taking my call don't worry
about it it was a good topic you take care okay
you too take care yep
all right so we are about
to get to our next call here
dar Tutsi agreeing in our chat yeah the one ups
might be good if you don't want to get your hands
dirty with repairs
all right well we're going to take another call here I see
another person in the green room so I'm going to bring him into
the on air channel and say
hello you're on orange launch radio who's this
hey it's make tastic
hey hi there
you're the one that just sent that very
kind donation thank you so much how can
how can I not take your call tonight
how are you oh it's no worries
I'm doing great little under the weather but
yikes yeah
just I don't have anything
relevant topic wise to say but
just wanted to say you know I've been listening since I
was 15 back when RSS feeds
on the PSP were still a thing
I'm 28 now so
that kind of dates me a little bit there but
uh I think my first memory
of you all was uh when you weren't
mentioning how long you all have been on the air
or a podcast rather
and dark soccer held up her fingers and said
we're this many and you were all like oh
yeah great radio dark soccer
they're holding up your fingers
isn't isn't that ironic
now that we're on twitch so
dark soccer hold up how many fingers
with how old the show is
they can't see they can't see that no
we're more than one dark
multiply that by 17
all right
noted noted yeah
with love with love
I've called in and emailed
in under several different aliases
could never really stick to one so
this is one I actually can stick to
because I've had it since I was a teenager
but um yeah I mean
I've called I remember emailing in
one day when I was a teen and
real lonely angsty teen and how I
sent in an email stating how the show really
got me through the day when my dog died
stuff like that
I just uh
I just want to thank you all for uh
keeping at it for
this long too that's just
kind of unprecedented I mean
I kind of I kind of joke
about this sometimes but the story that
you kind of gave there is that like I've been
listening since I was 15 and now I'm 28
you know it's it's it's
like the best thing to hear at the same
time being the worst thing to hear
right yeah it's kind of uh
no but I love it I love
no I do I do like but the
fact that uh we just make fun of
it because it's obviously a reminder of like oh
yeah I was 24 when I started this and now
I'm um not
um but uh don't even
the the fact that
many of you have stuck with this as long
as you have I mean it's it's the reason
why we keep showing up on Sunday night you know
we're not we're not a huge show
we don't we don't got the ratings a giant
bomb or um I don't
what are even the big gaming podcast I don't even
know anymore a lot of them just kind of come
and go but anyway
because y'all are technically
first podcast I ever
listened to so I don't want to say
anything even remotely shady about gamertag
though because Danny was very hard at what he
does and deserves the success that
he's getting and he's another indie guy so like
I can't I can't shade or hate
on that in any single way uh
but I will always throw shade at the corporate people involved
um so uh
yeah but um gosh thank you
thank you so much for um just
being here and and uh
being with us and giving us the motivation
to show up like people people
often ask us like how do you keep
going for 17 years
and there's several different
well I mean you say
that well you say that tongue in cheek
but there's definitely a part of me that goes
like the Sunday nights when
OLR isn't here
when something pre-planned isn't
going on like um let's say like we had a show
cut out because of a technical issue or something like
I I really didn't want to take the show off but we had like a
technical issue or something um
and it just feels weird
I'm like sitting there going what do I do
I guess I'll watch Game of Thrones or something
no I'm not even that bored so you know
it's like I don't know what to do um
but just also the fact that there's so many
of you out there
and I say so many and again it's not
like thousands and thousands
it's maybe dozens and dozens
but that's still something to me
the fact that even one person
would like turn up and like
give a shit about our discussions
that we're having here and our stories
and our angles and things like that like that's just like
that's all the motivation in the world
and that's something that's kept this show being fed
for 17 years and we'll
keep the show being fed until
one day we just have
to pull the plug for whatever reason
whatever that reason may be that I don't want to think of yet
right you know I've dropped
in and out of several different podcasts
but this has been the one that I've
stuck with for 12 years now
I mean granted I'm never as
consistent as I would like to be
but you know
y'all have been my
getting me through
you know to my commute to work
and my commute home from where
you know just always
hearing your voices is a good thing
and you guys really put on a great show
and I just wanted to extend my gratitude
well thank you so so much it's like
super appreciated and you know
I really do appreciate that thank you
yeah if you can't listen every week it's like totally
okay like you know some people will say like
oh man I haven't been able to listen to
OLR in like three months and I'm like
it's cool like it really is
like don't feel like you owe me an
apology or something I'm here doing my
thing with with our soccer and Loki
and if you're able to make it out cool
if not hey it happens
but as I usually say at the end
of the show and I'll just kind of remind everybody of it now
if if OLR you decide one day it's
not really for you anymore for whatever reason I just
hope you support independent podcasts
and please please
please do not support celebrity
podcasts that want to charge you
$7.99 a month for the privilege
of being able to listen to it
that's all I'm going to say for the record
if you do decide the podcast is no longer
for you would like to know why
honestly enough because
I'm a firm believer that a complaint is a gift
and if you
have a problem with something that we do or say
it'd be better to tell us right off the bat
hopefully you know where we can discuss
it so that you know
we know what people
aren't liking but to be clear
because I have read some of those like iTunes reviews
and things like that those don't count yeah things like
Dark Soccer is a bitch
or have there been more of those
Rob not in years or
Rob is annoying or whatever
Loki is too loud or
you play too much Pokemon Go like those things
aren't going to help you know what I mean
whatever yeah not very
constructive criticism but it's
also glad to hear that Dark Soccer is still
playing Animal Crossing
I'd like to think that Loki is still modding
the shit out of GTA 5 or something
um something
I love my Animal Crossing
though I'm so waiting for the Switch one
right
well uh that's really all I wanted to say guys
so just keep kicking ass
you're not already a hologram?
alright I'll show you hologram
take care shmaktastic thanks for being here
later
that was great
alright I think we'll end on that note
we're going to end on a happy note tonight
although I will ask Loki if there's any other
last minute stories he wants to see tonight
nah I've been just watching videos of this
of Dreams
the medium molecules posting
little big planet but PS4
yeah the stuff that people are doing in like the
past right now this game is going to
catch a lot of people off guard it looks
amazing I can't wait to play it but I feel
like this they're not really
explaining like when the game comes out I
feel like it's like this secret thing
that like you have to be part of the cool kids club to
know like when when when can I walk
into a target and buy
the fucking game that's what I would like to
know I don't know but it looks
it looks awesome yeah it does look
awesome like I'm all here for it but like
you know let me buy your game
that's all I'm asking I'm sure we'll
see it at E3 well maybe
cause Sony's not there
so they might put something out
they can just show this for the whole presentation
alongside it I don't know they might do a
direct-ish style thing
I don't know we'll see anyway
that does bring us to the end of another
episode of Orange Lawn Radio but we want to thank you
guys for being here tonight and
thank you for listening to our show and
as we were saying there on that call if you enjoyed
the show you know
well actually I said if you don't enjoy the show what to do
but if you do enjoy the show please
tell a friend help us spread the word because we are the
show where every gamer has a voice but if the voices
aren't here we can't air them
auto hosts on Twitch
TV for VoG network go a long
way we super appreciate those
if you consider adding VoG network to your auto host list
a nice five star review wherever
you found this show whether it be
iTunes or Google podcast or wherever
all of those really really go
a long way and we super appreciate it
I guess that's all we
have to say on that end so let's go around and get everybody's
final thought
DarkSakura why don't we start with you your final thought tonight
I don't think I
have one just people need to learn that
communication is very important that's all
and Loki your final
thought my final thought
is I'm going to try to stream something
this week because I've got a lot of opportunity to do that
so we'll see
and my final thought tonight is
I don't have a lot to say
I'm grateful we have
new microphones there's hopefully we all
sounded good tonight and that
that was a worthy investment and
thank you all for being here I think that
last call just really summed it up perfectly
it was a very feel good fuzzy way to end the
show tonight thank you guys so much for being here and being
part of this our little family here at Orange Lounge Radio
as we come up on
episode 777 which
I guess is a landmark of sorts because
it is that show that we joked
about in the early days of O.L.R. we're not going to get
to 777 episodes oops
oops
alright well have a great night everybody
we'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio
have a great week gaming have fun
don't be mean and all that stuff use
your Microsoft approved
smack talking
only and
yeah you aim like a
potato you aim like a potato
aim and T.Y.S. good night
see you next week
thanks for watching
