Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, Pandemonium in Sacramento. I'm gonna be up front here and say that we've all been surprisingly busy and are cutting it way too close to deadlines, but the show must go on. Stay tuned for all the news that we are here to cover starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 700, 776 for this May the 12th of 2019.
And I'm actually half laughing and half tongue tied because everything that Jason said there in the intro tonight, accurate. Completely accurate.
But joining me for this mass hysteria of what's going on before the show tonight, Techmaster Loki joining me here in studio.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah. Part of the craziness tonight, not joining us tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. She had a conflict with some Mother's Day plans, things going on, so she's not gonna be able to join us tonight.
We wish her well, of course, and of course, to all our mothers out there celebrating all our gaming moms and mom figures and so forth, a happy Mother's Day to all of you.
And for those folks who aren't so into today for a variety of reasonable reasons, I see you and I hope you're doing okay today.
But anyway, Loki, how has your day been? Busy? Because mine's been pretty busy.
It wasn't that busy. I didn't do a whole lot. Just chores. I went and grabbed groceries and did laundry and took the kids to the park briefly and did some work and had to settle for a crappy subway.
Well, because I thought there's even more traffic because Google Maps is telling me it's gonna take 40 minutes to get here.
Yes. Meanwhile, by the way, there was a shootout on the freeway not far from where we record OLR and I was like texting Loki. I was like, yeah, it took me 30 minutes to get downtown earlier when it should take me like 10.
You might want to just be careful getting out here. And I guess that just cleared up. But yes.
It just cleared up. So I went to the subway that's by my work because that's on the way. And for no reason other than just to inconvenience my life, they decided to be closed.
Even though they're technically open because their hours stay open, they decided just I don't want to work. And so I was like, of course this would happen.
I never come here. But then, of course, now it happens like this. So then I went to another subway and I got my sandwich and it says subpar as I remember it.
You got real problems with your sandwiches. I should mention, so even the Dark Soccer, sadly not here tonight, we are going to be joined partway through the show by the ex Jason, or Jason, our voiceover guy.
And let me tell you what a stud Jason is because the bumper that we have tonight, he does for Twitch, we do these little, you can't do that on television parodies.
They don't carry over to the podcast. It's like a five second special thing for Twitch. And he does the videos for that. And he does our intros, which everybody does here on the podcast and everything.
He actually uploaded those from the road. He's in Truckee right now, which is up the hill. And he said he got on a Safeway Wi-Fi and uploaded those videos.
And then he's actually coming down the hill right now. He's going to be here at OLR Studio in probably about an hour, probably around the time the Classic Game of the Week is going.
He's going to pull in here and he'll be able to join us for the second half of the show. And I think it's funny because of his intro, he's like, I don't have really time to do an intro tonight.
And I'm like, I'm okay with it. I think it's hilarious.
And then me. So here's the thing. So I've been gaming today too. And this does relate to video games. Because of course we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
And we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwell show at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Available at voggenetwork.com and live on Twitch every Sunday night and other nights throughout the week too with hosted programming.
Twitch.tv slash voggenetwork. That's V-O-G network. And that's the same place where we read our lovely live chatters.
But today was kind of an Ingress day. You know the mobile phone game I've been playing for a while.
Before there was Pokemon Go, the same company made a game called Ingress. And it doesn't have as many people, nearly as many people play in it.
But it's got, I guess, cult popularity, if you will.
I played it briefly today.
And they released an anime. I haven't watched it yet. There's like an anime that just came out on Netflix.
It's a show. It's certainly a show.
It is a show. That's what I've heard. It's a show.
But it's been a busy day for that because they did what's called Mission Day.
So long story short, you do these, you know, the game encourages you to go out and like explore different parts of the town.
So here in Sacramento we have historical places like Sutter's Fort with the Gold Rush.
The Delta King, the boat hotel that's like on the river and so forth.
So these missions kind of encourage you to go to those places and hack these portals.
And you get little things for your profile.
And, you know, you basically get a little virtual badge, like an achievement if you will.
Like you participated in a mission day. Good for you.
Yeah.
EPN is plus one. Yay. So there's that.
And then at the same time they do this thing called NL1331X or something like that.
It's the van. There's this Ingress van that travels around the nation and it happened to be in Sacramento today.
The same day as Mother's Day. The same day as the Amgen Bike Race is going on right now, which is a pretty big deal downtown.
The same day as, what's that fucking auction show on PBS that everybody goes crazy about?
Because they're at the Crocker Museum right now. Antique Roadshow, is that it?
So that's going on right now.
And so it's like everything that could possibly happen in SAC is going on right now.
But it just so happens this van decided to swing by.
And people just go to the van meetup. Why? I don't know.
It has something to do with the story but who cares about lore.
So that all was happening. So the van thing was from three to six.
So they just wrapped up. So I had to like drive down, check in, get my virtual badge and come right back to get set up for the show.
So I've been very busy myself today. But it's good.
It's good. I've been out, been moving, been walking, seeing some people I haven't seen in a little while.
So everything's been good.
So anyway, going to our chat over Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
Bobby Blackwolf says, but I thought Sacramento was a cow town.
Well, you know, that's what all the people in the Bay Area used to say.
Yet they're all moving here. I wonder what that's about.
There's a couple of cows here but it's actually a pretty big town all things considered.
It's like the number 20 market, TV market in the US. It's a pretty big city, believe it or not.
Anyway, speaking of TV and entertainment.
Sacramento's not a cow town. That's Vacaville.
All the cows went to Vacaville and Dixon.
Speaking of TV and media and things of consumption, of entertainment.
There's a big movie that came out this week that a lot of y'all are talking about.
It is a movie starring a Pokemon, but the Pokemon look very, very real.
It is called Detective Pikachu. And I think many of you saw it this weekend.
Don't worry. I'm not going to get into spoilers.
So if you didn't see the movie, don't worry. We're not going to ruin it for you.
Because I know not everybody can get out to the movies this weekend.
But the movie did very well. It came in number two at the box office with 58 million.
Which actually is still considered very good. Even though you might think, oh, but number two.
It did get beat by Avengers Endgame, but seeing as Avengers Endgame is about,
if it's not already like one of the top two movies of all time, it's about to be...
I think it's beat Titanic.
Yeah, and it might even end up being number one pretty soon.
So, I mean, Avengers Endgame is obviously huge right now.
So any movie that goes up against it is going to struggle.
But 58 million going against that really isn't bad.
It did very well for a video game movie.
I think it's worth saying it reviewed well for a video game movie.
I mean, it's not going to win an Oscar.
Well, when it comes to visuals and those sort of techy awards, it might. I don't know.
But acting and story ain't going to win an Oscar for that. Let's be real.
But I saw the movie, which for those that know me, I very rarely get out to movies at all.
But I did go see Detective Pikachu, and you did as well, right? Loki?
Yeah.
So what did you think? Spoiler-free review, what did you think?
I thought it was good. I liked it.
Yeah?
Yeah, I mean, I enjoyed the movie.
I've never played the game, so I don't know how closely it follows that storyline.
But I thought it was entertaining.
I have not played the game either, but my understanding is that it does deviate a bit from the game.
Like, there's ideas in the game that kind of come over.
If you've played and beat the game, there's some story changes that are going to be.
And my understanding is there's a character that's way more prevalent in the movie than they are in the game,
and some little changes like that.
But I'm not familiar with the game myself, but I sure enjoyed the movie. I did.
What I loved about the movie is that it didn't apologize for Pokémon being real, and they always have been real.
And I will say, actually, probably one of my favorite parts of the movie was the first five minutes,
which I don't think it's too spoilery to say.
Instead of just kind of jumping right into the scene where the movie takes place,
you have some exposition, you have some setup that's a little more like the Pokémon you might be familiar with,
that you actually go out into the world and catch a Pokémon and try to imprison it in the ball and that whole thing.
And they actually kind of do this, and you're looking at this going,
these are like grown-ass adults going out and trying to catch Pokémon.
And I'm kind of like, oh, just like Pokémon Go is.
Oh, this is what I look like. Oh, no.
But as an adult who does go out and catch Pokémon once in a while through a cell phone, I kind of live for it.
I loved it. And they do this little setup, and they're, I don't think this is a spoiler, I can say,
they're showing caveman-type pictures, trying to explain hieroglyphics, right?
And the Pokémon are just there in the hieroglyphics, right?
Again, this is all in the first five minutes, so I'm not ruining anything.
So I just love that. I just loved how it's like, hey, Pokémon are real.
Now, you don't ever see a cat or a dog in the movie.
Like cats and dogs, the domesticated animals we think of, just don't exist.
Like every bird is a Pidgey or a Spearow.
Every place you would expect to see a puppy, you see like a Bulbasaur or something else, you know what I mean?
So it does make some changes to society as we know it, but I liked it.
Like I was, I was just, yeah. And I thought, you know, the story wasn't bad.
The ending, you know, or I should say the end sequence, the last third got a little bit like, you know,
I mean, it wasn't bad, but it was just a little like, okay, you know, interesting.
But I loved how it ended. And that's obviously, I won't keep us waiting for it, but I loved how it ended.
I thought the ending was like, and you don't usually say that about like movies and especially games that become movies,
but I really liked how it ended. And that's all I'm going to say about that.
And chat, please respect. And don't, don't spoil nothing.
So, yeah, I understand they've already greenlit the sequel.
They greenlit the sequel before this came out. So they made the right call because this did well at the box office.
That's going to be interesting. Yeah. Considering, but okay.
I'll have to see how that, and maybe we'll get Detective Badoop after all.
Looking at comments over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network, Bobby Blackwell says,
my main comment on my show is that Danny DeVito could not have been Pikachu in the story they chose to tell in the movie.
It would have to be a different story. I kind of think I know where you're going with that.
And I get it. Yeah, no, I, I, I'm fine. I'm fine with Ryan.
Like perhaps Dane DeVito could be Detective Bidoof.
Why, why couldn't Danny DeVito be in the sequel? It's a different Pokemon. I would actually like totally live for that.
I think that would be great. So you never know. You never know. After all, Danny DeVito was in the Batman sequel.
Anyway, um, let's see. Tiger Claw on chat says, having seen Detective Pikachu, does it want you to get the actual game now that you know what happened?
I have to be honest. No, like I feel like I, I'm in the Pokemon universe enough with Pokemon Go and playing the mainline games and playing Let's Go Pikachu.
I don't really feel the need to seek out the Detective Pikachu 3DS game and go back and play it.
I mean, if a free copy ended up in my lap, I would probably check it out. But the reality is, you know, my 3DS.
Are you going to get the oversized amiibo?
My 3DS is kind of gathering dust at this point, so they would need to re-release it on Switch, which I don't know if they would do that or not.
Would I get the oversized amiibo? Sure. It was cute. I like the oversized amiibo. It was cute.
So, um, ActDeft in chat says no Vulpix though. Zero out of 10. Worst movie ever.
Yeah. You're not going to see every Pokemon, but maybe it was there just in the background somewhere. Who knows?
It doesn't rely on just Gen 1 Pokemon either. Like, other generations of Pokemon play a very big part in the story.
I think everybody kind of generally knows because you've seen the trailer.
Aipoms, the monkeys with the hand, the fighting monkeys with the hand, they factor into the story.
That's a Gen 3 Pokemon. 3 or 4. I think it's 3.
Snubbull factors pretty heavy in the story. That's Gen 2. And there's others as well.
So, um, most of the generations of Pokemon right on up through, I think, even 6 to 7 are represented.
So, uh, they, you know, and again, not all of them because there's like, what, 750 Pokemon.
So not every Pokemon is represented, but there's a good, there's a good smattering of the different generations.
And it's not just like all Pikachu. It's just Pikachu's the main character, obviously.
So, um, let's see. Also in chat, uh, Tigerlast says they need to do a Pokemon movie about Ash.
You know, with how well this did, it's possible. I don't know.
Do you think it would be interesting to go back and tell the story of the anime and Team Rocket?
I would like a new story that's still in the same universe that has Ash and stuff.
Maybe we don't have to retell the whole thing, but just have Team Rocket in there and have all, but like a brand new story.
You know, I kind of like, I will say one thing that I kind of like what they did.
Because remember when they first announced the detective Pikachu, I think a lot of us were going,
Why, why are you adapting the spinoff? Why aren't you just adapting?
If you want to make Pokemon real, adapt the main games or adapt the anime.
You already have, like, why are they doing detective Pikachu?
But I have to say, I get it. Like the way the re, because they adapted that,
they were able to kind of take some light liberties with the story to make it work better as a movie.
I think, I think they were able to bend a lot of rules that people would expect if they had just made the games or made,
you know, that, and I think that allowed this video game movie to work.
So isn't that interesting that sometimes the more successful video game movies are based on not so popular video games.
I mean, that hasn't always been true, but the Super Mario Brothers movie, we all know that was a flop, right?
But like Silent Hill, I thought was probably the best video game, not everybody agrees with that,
but I thought it was probably the best video game movie and that, you know, isn't as big as-
They have like a kind of a teaser and like within the first 30 seconds,
it kind of shows what that would kind of look like anyway, with like some of the battling and everything.
So that was pretty awesome.
Sure, sure. So anyway, you know, again, I'll stop talking about the movies.
I don't want to give anything away, but I, you know, kudos.
I thought the team did a good job and it's not often we can get on this show and say,
this was a video game movie that was, was good.
Like I'm not sitting here going, Oh my God, it's the best thing ever.
But it was, I liked it well enough.
And I think, I think it is up there with like Silent Hill and Mortal Kombat.
And in fact, I mean, here's the thing.
I really liked Silent Hill, probably more than most people did.
So like Detective Pikachu is on like that same level as Silent Hill,
but some of y'all I know didn't like Silent Hill.
So you might think that's not exactly a compliment, but I really like Silent Hill.
So I think it's right on up there about the same level as Silent Hill and I'll go see the sequel for sure.
And now I'm kind of curious, like, huh,
maybe this is going to get people interested in adapting video games as movies again.
And maybe there'll be, you know,
maybe now it'll be about adapting maybe some lesser known games,
but that have very solid stories.
It'll be very interesting to see what happens.
So until they see Sonic the Hedgehog and then they're like, Oh, right.
That's, that's how, that's, that's what most of them in the play Sonic,
the Sonic movie ruins everything.
I don't, I don't know.
It's too early to say that I gained all this ground and then he brought it all the way back.
I don't think Sonic's going to perform on the same level as Detective Pikachu,
but I don't think it's going to flop by any, it still has Jim Carrey.
It's still a property that a lot of people know.
So parents are going to be willing to take their kids.
So I, you know, and I don't want to,
I don't want to retread the Sonic ground because we talked enough about that last week,
but I don't think Sonic's going to flop.
I think the internet's giving it a lot of crap,
but I think at the end of the day it will do well enough,
but it's not going to, it's not going to beat this Detective Pikachu,
but it's not going to flopzilla like, um, the original Mario Brothers movie or what,
what video game movies have really underperformed?
Double Dragon.
Oh, Double Dragon, yeah.
It's not going to be a Double Dragon flopzilla or anything like that.
Or the Street Fighter movie I don't think did very well for its title.
Uh, both of them.
Remember, there was a Chung Lee Street Fighter film.
Yeah, there was. I know, I know. I never saw it.
I'm probably lucky. Anyway.
So there's other Pokemon news, right?
So while we all have Pokemon Fever, this is a great time to talk about other Pokemon things going on,
not even Jet 8.
Yeah, and so there's a brief, a brief announcement that they're going to be working on a new, uh, mobile game for, um,
yeah, it's, it's basically the Pokemon company and DNA that are teaming up to make a new mobile game
that's going to release two smartphones by next year.
Um, but there's nothing other than that they're making one.
So we don't know what the hell it is.
So Pokemon games on mobile, far from a done deal.
Even though we have, you know, Pokemon Go obviously is kind of the behemoth right now.
But remember, there are other Pokemon games that exist.
There's that silly Magikarp, Magikarp jumping game.
I don't remember what it was called, Splash or something like that.
Uh, there's that, there's the match three game that was on DS they put on mobile as well.
So, you know, there are other Pokemon games on mobile, so it, you know, makes sense.
Well, isn't it interesting that here we are all these years later and Pokemon is still a big deal.
I think that in itself is kind of noteworthy, right?
Like this is a video game franchise.
These are characters that have been around a very long time.
I mean, the Pokemon games started in what, like 97, right?
In the anime and all that.
Cause I remember it was like my first year, maybe a little sooner actually, maybe a couple of years before that.
But you know, it was the mid to late nineties and Pokemon has had that kind of staying power where like,
you know, it's still a box office smash.
I don't even think it's staying power because now it's like it's getting new followers and new fans of the game
because of their other spinoff games that they've done like Pokemon Go or Pokemon Let's Go,
which is kind of a retread of the first game.
So I think you have all that to thank for it as well.
What is it about Pokemon that people just love?
Is it that the characters are just cute?
Is it just we can't get enough of how adorable Pikachu is?
And when they pika, the little ways they talk.
Like what is it about Pokemon that just people are still crazy about 20 years later?
People think they're cute.
People just think they're cute?
Yeah, people think they're cute.
Is it weird to say that when you watch the movie, you can't help but go, I want to go to this place.
I want to go to this place where all these, you know, creatures are like real and adorable and all that stuff.
One of the scenes that really sold me on how Detective Pikachu kind of nailed it and the Pokemon formula,
and I'm not ruining anything because you can actually see this scene in the trailer, right?
Everybody knows the Jigglypuffs in the movie, right?
So there's this scene when they go to like a nightclub or a seedy bar type of thing, right?
And you can see the Jigglypuff and it's not the focus of the scene.
It's just like establishing that we're at a seedy bar.
And so you see Jigglypuff singing karaoke and there's a guy just dead ass asleep on the bar right there.
And they don't acknowledge it.
They don't talk about like, oh, it's funny because Jigglypuff's voice puts people to sleep.
It's just one of those things where if you have a base familiarity with Pokemon,
that's really fucking funny that the guy's asleep on the bar right next to the Jigglypuff singing.
So I just, I don't know, I just love that.
And yeah, so anyway, looking in chat.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Act Def says it's a cafe, not a bar.
Sorry, it is a family friendly movie.
I'm sorry, it's a cafe, not a bar.
It looked like a bar to me.
Come on.
All right.
It was a coffee bar.
The Solar Bear in chat says I'm actually upset how little of Jigglypuff there was.
Hey, a lot of Pokemon got cut.
So we were blessed just to have that one scene.
Although it would have been even better if she'd drone on somebody's face with a marker and that whole thing.
I also want to acknowledge chat because you were talking about the video game movies
and how sometimes lesser known games might make for better stories.
But multiple folks in chat were bringing up Uwe Boll, right?
The curse on video game movies, right?
And Uwe Boll kind of like his MO was adapting lesser known video games and really fucking them up.
Like BloodRayne and House of the Dead was one.
They did the Dungeon Siege, right?
Alone in the Dark.
So I guess maybe Uwe Boll kind of ruined that whole thing with lesser known video games.
But I mean thank-
But it's been a long time.
It has been a while.
Uwe Boll's kind of been laughed out of the industry at this point.
I don't think he's really doing anything with movie making these days.
So I think we've had time to recover.
And obviously-
And Postal. He did Postal.
But Pikachu and Pokemon in general are a very different type of franchise than all that crap.
He was adapting a lot of more adult R-rated types of things, right?
He was basically-
What he did is like, I want to make this type of movie.
Which property can I buy that I can use to make this type of movie?
And then he would do that.
Like, some of them made no goddamn sense.
Like for example, I want to make a Western.
So which property should I purchase to make a Western?
Gun.smoke.
I know! How about Blood Rain?
Because that was the third fucking Blood Rain movie.
And it was goddamn awful.
Sia Tabiri in chat says, how can I fit Tara Reid in?
Well, I mean Tara Reid should be put in every movie.
And I got to interview him. So that was fun.
He was at a convention here in Sacramento last year or the year before.
Yeah, I know.
I had other plans. There was an Ingers fan or something.
Let's see.
The Solar Baron chat says, now that you've said his name three times, he'll be back. Thanks Rob.
Well, sorry about that.
But I think there's going to be other people in video game movies right now because of how well Detective Pikachu did.
And we already know there's a new Mario Brothers movie.
Obviously Hollywood wants you to forget they ever made a Mario Brothers movie with Dennis Hopper and Bob Hoskins.
They're never going to acknowledge that again.
So they're basically doing a new Super Mario Brothers movie that's animated.
That's the thing we know is coming. Is that next year? Or is it 2021?
But it's in the near future.
I can't remember if that's a 2020 film or 2021, but it's coming.
So it'll be interesting.
And if that does well too, that may unleash the floodgates for other Nintendo things.
I mean, we may finally get that Zelda movie. A lot of us have been waiting on for some time and so forth.
So we'll see.
Let's see.
Some folks in chat. Tigerclaw talking about the Angry Birds movie 2.
I often forget that Angry Birds is a video game thing.
Because it's a little different with the cell phone thing. It's a little more casual.
Yeah.
I mean, it certainly qualifies.
It was okay.
I've watched the movie way too many times.
Because you're kids, right?
Not of your own accord.
No, I've watched it way too many times.
And it was all right. It wasn't good.
But it wasn't as bad as, say, the Smurfs or something.
And actually, I would put that as a good barometer for where I think Sonic the Hedgehog could be.
I don't know.
The problem with Angry Birds and with a lot of things is there's no plot to it.
You're taking a game that has no story and then you're trying to inject a story into it.
And so it's like they did their best. And it was all right.
I don't know. I think...
I'd watch the sequel when it comes out on Netflix or something.
But I'm not going to go to the movie for it.
No more of that.
Probably not.
Unless the kids really want to go.
In which case, I would. But I'm probably not.
The Solar Bear points out there is story.
Piggies want eggs. Birds kill piggies to get their eggs back.
And Bobby Blackwell is reminding us of, remember, Smurfs was a box office success.
And that's true. And that's why I keep saying,
I don't think Sonic is going to flop the way all the gamers say it's going to.
I think that same market that's allowed the Smurfs and the Chipmunks and those types of movies to succeed,
I think Sonic will be okay.
I think it's going to be great. I think it's going to be bleh.
I think it's just going to be all right.
It'll get a Netflix sequel and that'll be the thing.
But we'll see. Maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised. We'll see.
I just, I don't know. I hoped better for Sonic.
You know, like, granted.
The movie's not out yet.
Just saying.
Yeah, but I mean.
They're already, like, it's already too far gone.
I mean, like, they're going to make him look okay.
Fine. But I hope they, I actually wish they'd make him look worse.
Like, make it just look goddamn terrible.
Not to get too far distant from the video games topic,
since we are a video game show, but speaking of movies and trailers
that get bad reception and things that might be too far gone,
you know, the trailers, oddly enough,
I feel like we were the one theater that didn't get the Sonic trailer
ahead of the...
No, we didn't get it either.
Oh, okay.
Or I may have missed it because I had to take my kid to the bathroom,
even though I said, go to the bathroom before we leave.
And, yeah.
But what we did see is we saw the trailer for the Lion King remake,
which looks really good.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
But, oddly, and I still can't believe these are coming out so quick to each other,
but they have both the Aladdin and the Lion King remake are out this summer.
And Aladdin, you know, a lot of people had some feelings
about how Genie's CGI looked in that movie.
So I'll be very curious to see what that translates to in receipts.
I still think that Aladdin movie's gonna do really good.
Lion King will do better.
But I feel like Disney is probably gonna regret putting Aladdin and Lion King out,
like, practically back to back.
But what do I know? I'm not a Hollywood guy.
It feels like it's a lot.
It feels like just cashing in on nostalgia, which is Disney's M.O.
But, to be fair, the audience has shown through their dollars that's what they want.
I'm just surprised they have so many movies coming out this year,
because, like, Disney, like, this year they've got, like, so much stuff coming out.
Even from just Disney proper, they have the Aladdin movie,
they have the Lion King movie, they have Frozen 2,
then Pixar, you've got, you know, Toy Story 4,
and then, of course, we're talking...
Disney owns Fox, so you've got all that, too.
It's just, it's a ton of shit.
The Solar Baron chat says,
I'm going to see Aladdin but not Lion King.
This better not, the level of disrespect against Beyoncé,
it's far too much. Far too much.
I'd be curious what your thoughts are with that.
I think some people are really put off by the talking animals.
Because it looks like, in The Lion King, it's like 100% talking animals.
And I guess that's weird to some people.
This is not cartoon.
I want a Sonic the Hedgehog movie based on the Sonic Twitter account.
You know, full of memes and just self-aware.
That's my Sonic movie right there.
Okay, alright.
Let's move on.
We could talk probably hours and hours about Hollywood,
but we want to talk about some more games.
So let's talk about the types of video games that we've been playing this week
in a segment that we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
So, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Not good, and I'll tell you why.
Because I've been working 50 to 60 hour weeks at work,
at home, doing additional work.
So, unfortunately, because of that,
I have not been playing games.
I've been just staying up till one in the morning doing work, work.
And that's not fun.
Yikes.
But I did, as is usual when I take my son to his programming class,
I work on my programming at the same time.
And so I've been working on that.
And I got my health bars done how I wanted them.
So right now they work exactly like the health bars in a Capcom arcade beat-em-up game,
with the color changes and stuff.
I haven't decided, though, if I want to change that.
Because the way they work there is if the life bar's larger than one,
it's just a certain color until it finally gets down to yellow,
then starts going away.
Whereas I may just have it keep going away
and filling back up as it goes through each of the rows.
I haven't decided if I wanted to do that.
But right now it works exactly like the Capcom arcade stuff does.
And that's all you're going to find out about it so far.
All right.
But it's taken me like six hours to get that working.
So that's it.
And I played Pokemon and very barely any Ingress.
But just a little bit of the Pokemon Go in between stuff as I'm doing things.
Yeah, that's about it.
All right. Let's see, my gaming week.
So I already talked a little bit about some of the things I've been doing this week.
But I've also been playing Final Fantasy XIV.
I've played that an awful lot, been playing that still.
And then playing more Beat Saber because it's a good way to get some exercise,
trying to clear some more songs.
I'll probably do that once I get my new Rift.
I play more on hard difficulty.
I'm trying to beat more experts, but hard is kind of like my good safe zone right now.
So those are most of the songs I'm trying to beat.
I'm trying to get that trophy for getting an S on like 10 or 15 hard songs.
There's a trophy for that, so I've been working on that.
So that's Beat Saber a little bit.
I'm back on my Heroes of the Storm bullshit suddenly.
And I say that with love because it's interesting with the Blizzard games.
I just start playing one a lot here or there.
I played a little Overwatch 2 this week.
And then as I was in the launcher for Overwatch,
I was like, oh, they put Anduin in Heroes of the Storm.
Oh, it's nice to see that Heroes of the Storm is still getting new content.
Oh, I haven't played in a while.
I should go in there and play.
Oh, now I'm doing all my quests, get my gold.
And I'm like, oh, I'm back on that bullshit.
And then in a month or two, I'll be back on my Diablo 3 bullshit.
It's just this cycle that continues with the Blizzard stuff.
It's like a different game pulls me in each month.
So the Heroes of the Storm month has started apparently for me.
So there's that as well.
You haven't tried any of the Overwatch custom game types or anything?
No, the last time I was in Overwatch,
I played just a little bit of Quick Play.
But I did a little bit of that last event before it was done.
So the Overwatch, I don't remember what they called the annual event.
It was like Uprising, but they gave it a different name every year.
So I was like, oh, crap, I got to do that because that ends in two days.
So I went in and did the story mode, got my loot box,
got my loot box just from doing some of the arcade stuff.
And I didn't get anything I liked.
I got another McCree skin.
Whenever I get legendary shit, it's McCree or Tracer.
And it's like, I don't play McCree or Tracer ever.
Why can't I have?
Well, I did get a Lucio skin once.
So I probably play Moira, Lucio, Junkrat, probably more than anybody else.
But I like Moira a lot.
I tried to play Batiste.
I couldn't get into it.
I had no idea what I was doing.
I died twice and I just switched to Moira so I could feel like I was helping.
Because I didn't know what the fuck I was doing as Batiste.
So that was too bad.
Storm Rising, yeah.
Storm Rising says Act Deaf, the Archives event.
There it is.
Metal Mayhem says just when Rob thought he was out, a different game pulls him back in.
That's how video games work.
You're done with one and another pulls you right in.
So I've also been kind of itching to do another play through of Final Fantasy XII.
Just because the last time I tried to play through on PS4, I didn't finish.
So I have that PC version.
I kind of want to play that. I don't know.
I feel like that's going to be the next thing I get sucked into.
We'll see.
But I have to admit, there haven't been a lot of new games really on my radar as of late.
There's nothing that's like, oh it just came out and I've got to play it.
So we'll see.
I'm sure as E3 comes up in the summer and especially as we get into the fall, Nintendo will finally put out that Animal Crossing.
I'll be obsessed.
Pokemon Gen 8, I'm really looking forward to.
There will still be more stuff throughout the year.
Alright, that was my gaming week.
So let's get into some news.
Some quick housekeeping though, things to note.
Next week we'll be back with episode 777.
Dark Sakura will be here as well.
And then that will be it for the month because the week after that, Memorial Day weekend, we will not be here.
Dark Sakura is going to a drag queen convention in LA, yes really.
And I'm going to Chicago for a big Ingress event and doing some other stuff out there too.
So seeing some friends and so forth.
So Memorial Day weekend is just, everybody's going places.
So we won't be here that weekend.
But we will be back the week after that when, if I'm not mistaken, we have to kind of hit the ground running on E3, right?
I think we might have one more show before all the E3 stuff starts.
But yeah, we're going to be back from Memorial Day and really hitting the ground on E3.
So it's going to be exciting.
Yes.
Alright, we hope you'll join us.
Let's get into some gaming news.
So Loki, you want to start us off tonight?
Sure, let's start off talking about what has been kind of a...
Oh wait, sorry, this is worth noting.
Sorry, because this did happen this week.
SSU 100 Matt says, Rob is also coming to New York too.
That is true.
I am finally planning my trip back to New York.
And it's going to be over Veterans Day weekend in November.
So it's a little ways off for me to start telling you there's no show that weekend.
But here's what happened.
I got tickets to see Jagged Little Pill on Broadway because they're turning that into a Broadway show.
And my pal Aria Snark, Victoria from Shaking and Crying,
it turned into, well, if we're going to go to New York and see one play, why don't we see three plays?
But it's actually, it's kind of like, she's not going to go see Jagged Little Pill and they want to go see Frozen on Broadway.
And I'm like, I don't really want to, but Victoria like dresses up and she, I mean, she looks great.
She's really into it.
So they're going to go see, when I say they, her and Melody are going to go see Frozen.
And then we're all, all of us, myself, Alan, the girls, we're all going to go see Moulin Rouge is on Broadway.
And I am fucking excited about that.
Like that's going to be that, I mean, that, that was a hell of a movie.
I can only imagine what a Broadway show that's going to be.
So, yeah, yeah.
So hopefully there will be a chance for me to say hello to listeners, meet up at Dave and Busters or something.
But yes, finally come back to New York Veterans Day weekend.
OK, I'm sorry. Now you can do the news.
All right. Anyway, so it's been definitely something that's been in process for a while.
We heard some senators complain about this a while back.
I got like a long time ago about different microtransactions and stuff like that and loot boxes.
I think actually when the whole Star Wars thing was going down, the Battlefront 2.
So now apparently one of the senators of Missouri, Senator Josh Hawley, has announced a bill to ban loot boxes and pay to win microtransactions in games played by minors.
So basically it's the Protecting Children from Abusive Games Act.
And it's kind of targeting some of these games that have like egregious loot box.
Like, for example, they're talking about Candy Crush, where it has like one hundred and fifty dollar loot box that you can buy, which is just ridiculous.
So he said when a game is designed for kids, game developers shouldn't be allowed to monetize addiction.
And when kids play the games designed for adults, they should be walled off from the compulsive microtransactions. Game developers who knowingly exploit children should face legal consequences.
So the industry has failed to police itself in this regard, unlike what happened in the 90s when it came to the violence issue and the industry came up with the ESRB as a response.
The industry has failed to respond to the loot box issue in a timely manner or with anything with significant substance.
So now the government is getting involved. And, you know, although I think there's some of us that can say, oh, I'm not surprised it's coming.
And I think there are some other people that could even be celebrating like, yay, the government is going to shut down this loot box thing and stop this predatory thing.
Like, I get that. But I worry that if you're quick to jump to that conclusion, you're missing some things here that could actually be very bad about this.
Because here's what I worry about. Tell me the name of that bill again.
It is the Think of the Children Act. Protecting Children from Abusive Games Act.
So Congress is going to invoke children on this whole thing and the games that are predatory on children. How is that going to be defined?
Who's going to define that? Who is going to decide if a game targets children or not?
The ESRB ratings.
Is it? Because ESRB is not the government.
True.
So I worry that we're starting to walk down a path very similar to, what was it, ESRB versus Schwarzenegger or ESA versus, I think it was ESA versus Schwarzenegger.
When, and what I'm referring to is that controversial law about the violent video game sales in California.
So California at one point had banned the violent video games sales. Long story short, Supreme Court struck it down.
Why did the Supreme Court strike it down? Because that line about what is a violent video game, they did not rely on the ESRB.
They were relying on this like...
But that's the problem. It was too broad. It didn't really define it.
It was broad. It didn't define it. It left too much open to interpretation.
And you know there are going to be some people that take this too far and use it as a way to kind of like shut down and lock down video games.
So I'm not too quick to celebrate what's happening here.
Did I kind of see this coming? Yes, I think we all did. Especially when the industry doubled down on this issue.
And to be quite frank, I think the ESA has failed us here.
And it's not surprising now that we're learning this week, and Bobby already talked about this at length.
I don't know how we missed it for our show tonight.
But you saw that there's like a lot of fuckery going on. Well, I should say there's an expose that's going on with the ESA.
Variety Gaming did a whole little article about it that basically sounds like the...
My interpretation of the article is that the leader of the ESA went off the deep end, apparently.
Is not running a very strong organization. Is trying to inject too much politics into this whole thing.
And is just like allowed this to go... And if y'all think you're not seeing the result of that, look at what's happened to E3, you guys.
Anyway, Bobby's talked a lot about that at length tonight. I'm not going to... I'll tell y'all to listen to his show.
But I do think there's a correlation here. I think where the ESA has kind of, for lack of a better term, started to fall up its own ass.
Sorry, not sorry. Well, what else would you call it?
Right. So the ESA has fallen up its own ass to the point where now this has been allowed to happen.
And this is what pisses me off. The ESA, instead of trying to find a solution to this problem, tried to tell us there was no problem.
And they still are, yeah. In fact, they put out a comment saying that numerous countries, including Ireland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom,
determined that loot boxes do not constitute gambling.
We look forward to sharing with the Senator the tools and information the industry already provides that keeps control of in-game spending in parents' hands.
Parents already have the ability to limit or prohibit in-game purchases with ease using parental controls.
Yeah, but I don't think, just because, I don't know. To me, that's almost like the argument of like,
well, you had this bad thing happen to you because you did this.
You could have avoided that whole situation if you didn't do something, but this happened to you because you didn't follow that.
I don't know. I like how they don't mention Belgium because Belgium did conclude that they were gambling and they've had to take them out.
And I don't know if any of these have said that these specifically are gambling or they just basically share the same types of symptoms of gambling addiction for people that are addicted to this kind of stuff.
And I think, yeah, I think a lot of this isn't exactly gambling because if it was exactly gambling, then they would be held to gambling laws.
So, of course, they're going to try to skirt that, but I think, I don't know, I think if they keep pushing it the way they're doing it, it's only going to get worse for them.
So, I'm going to our chat for some more comments here. We see S.G.O. and Hunter Matt saying an awful lot about this at twitch.tv slash vog network.
The senator is apparently very unpopular on the senate floor and because of that, it may fail when it goes to committee, so I've heard.
The sports gaming community I follow are all cheering for this. I also don't see this as a good thing, correct?
I think people are just looking at the bottom line where it's like, oh, the government's going to get rid of loot boxes. Yay!
There was a senator in Hawaii that was supposed to be putting together a bill because he was like one of the first ones that kind of was...
I believe the difference is that was a state senator. If I'm not mistaken, I could be wrong.
Y'all can fact check me on this live if you want, but I believe that was a state senator in Hawaii looking at a state law.
And now we're talking about a U.S. senator, so we're looking at a federal law. That's why this is back and it sounds like déjà vu.
That's why this is escalating more and more.
And let's be honest here, I don't think that this is a big enough problem for them to even tackle.
And if anything, the way the senate has been working nowadays, it's a corporation. They're going to protect the corporation, not the children.
Who gives a shit about the children in their opinion?
That's kind of where SJ100Matt starts to go with it as EA continues to push it hardest in their sports games.
Their ultimate team system, which is in NHL, Madden, FIFA, which is essentially a pay-to-win loot box system, brings in about $800 million a year to EA.
EA is going to lobby as much as possible to make this bill not happen, to keep this revenue.
So, how do we fix this problem, Loki?
You can't. It'll never happen.
Well, here's how it's going to happen. Stop spending $800 million on fucking microtransactions.
That'll stop them from putting them in the games.
But that's never going to happen, so you're fucked.
So the people that are irritated enough by them don't buy those games.
And the people that are happy with them, well, they're going to continue to buy those games no matter what you say.
So, you're going to have to basically show them with your wallet what you want.
Here's the problem, though. You take away one source of revenue, they're going to try to find that source of revenue somewhere else.
It's going to happen. They feel that they need to get more money from you.
That's why we have $60 games with microtransactions, with season passes, with DLC, with all this other crap that's thrown on top of it,
you know, collector's editions and all this shit, is because they can get from you, instead of $60 for a game,
they can get, like, several hundreds of dollars from you every single year.
It's just not going to change until we change.
Here's my idea on how to fix it.
I'm going to propose something that, and maybe some of y'all aren't going to think it's going to be effective,
but here's my suggestion on how we fix this whole thing.
Number one, and by far the easiest thing you can do, and I think the thing that everybody agrees,
there really isn't anything bad about this, so why not do it?
And that would be to adopt what we're seeing already happen in other countries,
where the distribution of what is in loot boxes is clear, transparent, and upfront.
Meaning you have a 10% chance of getting this, you have a 5% chance of getting this, whatever it is.
So the odds, that should always be transparent, easy to access, and upfront.
Number one, that's the thing that, if you are a game company that doesn't want to fix that,
and doesn't want to publish that, you are the fucking problem.
Like, period.
That needs to be fixed.
Number two, if EA is not going to do fuck all about this,
and the ESA, the people making the software are not going to do fuck all about this,
here's my suggestion on who can fix this.
There's three people that can fix this.
Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo are the ones that can fix this.
How are they going to fix it?
Because they're going to make it so that their hardware makes sure that they are doing the appropriate checks and balances
to ensure from a hardware perspective that children are not spending this money unnecessarily,
because it's about protecting the children, right?
So, why aren't we picking on Apple and the mobile phone gaming industry and Google in this?
Well, now that I think of it, children don't have money, so what money are they spending?
They're spending their parents' money.
So it's like your own fucking fault that you give your kids money.
Right, so let's take that a step further, right?
Because they say it's kids maybe unknowingly spending the parents' money.
So here's why I invoke Apple and Google and all that.
Because on Apple and Google, what does Apple keep selling as the new features of their phone?
Security, face recognition, thumbprint, all these things to make sure that the person spending the money on the phone is you,
and not somebody else in your family, a kid, or heaven forbid, your phone gets stolen, abandoned, abandoned, somebody else, right?
Abandoned it.
Do you see where I'm going with this?
This is what Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo need to do.
Because if they don't fix the problem, it's going to affect them, because they get a cut of all these sales, right?
They need to embed it within their own OSs to ensure that people that are spending the money are the person who is on the card.
Now, I would say it's not so much children spending that is a problem.
It's more people with addictive tendencies that are adults that have the problem.
You know, and if they really wanted to impress the government and really take steps around that,
they might make a note when you've spent so much money.
A little display will come on the screen that says, you know, if you need help with a gambling addiction, call this number.
They do that in Vegas. Look at those billboards on the lottery.
What about this? What about like parental controls?
What if we had an option, like a setting in the hardware where I can turn off microtransactions?
So if I know I have a problem with spending money on that kind of crap,
and I want to take, you know, preventative actions to avoid putting myself in that scenario,
that I can toggle those off, and just like, you know, we don't want children getting access to them,
it will shut off access to them so I don't see any references to it.
I don't see anything that's tied to those microtransactions.
I need to respond to this in chat.
So Bobby in chat says, all things Samsung phones had years ago, by the way, Android for the win, Apple invented security.
Respectfully, you're starting the wrong fight here.
And the reason why is because the reason why I'm invoking Apple is because we know Apple puts on a show.
Sure, Google, they all do these keynotes as well.
But let's be real.
Apple keynotes get covered by the media, and all that stuff gets super noticed in the mainstream and so forth.
So that's kind of why I say that when Apple talks about security and all this stuff,
there are generally people that are listening to the latest upgrades and so forth in security and how mobile phones and so forth.
I fully realize Apple didn't invent all of this, and sometimes they're just running with a trend that they see in the industry.
That's part of competition.
But regardless, let's get back on what the real point is about it.
I think that Nintendo, Microsoft, and Sony need to kind of look at what can they do to show that within their own systems,
they are trying to protect money from not being spent unless it's the intended purchaser,
basically making it harder for kids to spend money.
And I know that might sound like it's shooting themselves in the foot because they kind of like it,
because they make more money when kids are spending money and so forth.
But they've got to realize, if this passes, this is going to be a whole lot worse for them.
So what can they do?
How about turning on parental controls by default?
You have to set a passcode in order to be able to use your card.
I think to some extent, honestly, they're kind of already doing this.
I think they just need to maybe take it a step further to really show how,
and maybe this is where I've got to invoke Apple and that showmanship, if you will.
They've got to go out there and show how with these new systems that are coming out,
this security is enabled by default and that they're making it so that only the person that is making the purchases
is able to use the card.
Because I think if they can do that, then the industry can say,
that's how we're protecting kids because we've put in these security initiatives by default
to ensure that a card purchaser or a card holder is the only one that's able to actually spend money on the account.
And again, I want to stress, I do realize that Sony, you have to kind of put in a password.
I don't know if that's always on by default.
And a lot of times they kind of encourage you to save password and things like that, too.
So I do think they need to communicate just a little more clearly.
Well, they do a lot of two-factor all the time.
Yeah, and two-factor is fine, too.
And it's kind of to an annoying extent, but I understand why I have it.
And that's my suggestion.
And that's how loot boxes, I suppose, could stay in the industry.
So again, number one, make the odds transparent.
Number two, the systems need to up and the consoles need to enable on there by default
that only the card holder is the one that can push the button and initiate the transaction to buy the loot box or whatever it is.
And I think if they can show that, then that will be how they can say that kids can't spend money
unless their parents told them the password, which you shouldn't do.
So that's my thought.
Do you think there might be anything to that? I don't know.
I don't think they're going to do anything.
I hope they do because I think if this passes, it's going to be a whole lot worse.
But maybe they're just banking on, ah, it's not going to pass because just like the ESA versus Schwarzenegger thing
and the violent thing being too vague, this protecting children thing is too vague.
So we're just going to run out the clock because that's a popular trend in politics these days.
We're just going to wait it out because we know politics is a slow process, so we're just going to run out the clock.
Yep.
I just think that's dangerous.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, but Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo want their cut of the loot box prices.
Remember, EA doesn't get 100%.
Oh no, I full well recognize this, but I think those three companies have to ask a hard question.
What's worse?
What's going to impact the bottom line more?
The security features I'm talking about or this bill?
Because this bill is going to come if they continue to do nothing.
It might take seven years, but it's going to come eventually.
So anyway, I've talked a lot about that. Let's move on, shall we?
Yes.
Let's go to another story.
So let's talk about another big thing that's going on in the industry this week.
There was a big walkout that happened this week, and the walkout happened at Riot Games.
And 150 employees this week walked out at Riot Games in their offices in Los Angeles.
They were basically having a protest over recent discrimination lawsuits that were happening at Riot Games.
Riot, of course, most well known for the game League of Legends.
Funny that I was talking about Heroes of the Storm, because League of Legends is a game that's kind of like that.
But it's the game that Riot puts out in response, or I guess really was first if you want to.
But Dota was really the first. Anyway, forget it.
So there was a big expose that Kotaku had done, gosh, when was it?
It was last year, it was over the summer last year, about some sexism and some other things allegedly going on in the workplace.
And some employees filed suit, and the publisher basically, Riot, wanted to force these to go to forced arbitration,
because this is very popular in corporate culture, is to back out of the courts and make people go to arbitration.
Arbitration clauses, right? You've probably heard of them, you see them all the time.
So, in this employment world, it's no different in that regard.
And these employees were signing up to work at this company.
They probably had to sign some type of arbitration clause that is basically,
any dispute won't be settled in court, it'll be settled in arbitration.
Why do we always go to arbitration? Because usually arbitration tends to side a little more on the corporate side of things,
because it is a private process as opposed to a public process, which would be the judicial system, right?
So, that's why arbitration tends to do these things.
But I think it's pretty notable that you have a bunch of employees that stood up, walked out, and said, fuck that, basically.
Because I think why this is noteworthy, it's not just about dogging on Riot Games and the continued issues,
but this ties into, I think, some of these bigger things we've been talking about in the industry and what's been going on for a while,
between the crunch time and other things that are a problem in the industry.
This is the first sign you've had of people coming together and banding up for a common purpose,
and taking, it's very similar to what might happen if the industry were to unionize.
So, in some ways, this was a big step, maybe, in that direction.
I know I'm using a lot of vague language there, but I know the word union also scares some people, so we don't know.
But regardless, we're seeing a lot of workers in the gaming industry kind of band together and stick up for themselves.
So, it could be very interesting to see where this goes from here.
What did you think watching this whole thing? I'm curious, at the chat as well, what did you guys think?
Well, I had watched some videos that were covering the story, and they were talking about how just the corporate,
just the way that they kind of interact, the words, just the way the normal interactions was very misogynistic, I guess,
from what I hear, that there's a lot of sexist comments coming from some of the execs.
That's kind of what prompted some of these lawsuits, but because there's arbitration stuff that they had,
they were being forced to, they felt like they couldn't be heard by anyone in power to actually take action on that stuff.
That's a very good point, because when it's arbitrated, it's all behind closed doors.
When it's judicial, it's a matter of public record. That's a very good clarification between the two processes.
And on that note, I do want to read, because Bobby's doing a little...
Corporate culture. That's what I wanted. Culture.
Bobby's doing a little fact-checking in real time in chat, and this is fine.
I don't mind being told. It's a little different. Bobby says,
The walkout is because Riot is not forcing new employees into arbitration, but they're keeping all existing employees on the forced arbitration clause.
So, new employees can go to court. Existing employees can only go to arbitration.
Well, certainly, there's a disconnect there. Maybe Riot was trying to clean things up a little bit after the Kotaku thing came out,
so they kind of changed some of their rules.
But I think it makes sense that if you do something that favors new employees,
then the employees that were already there should be included on that plan, right?
Like, if you're going to give new employees more PTO, usually you bump everybody else up.
Aren't they just worried that if they did drop that clause, that all of a sudden, they're going to get lots of lawsuits?
Is that the word?
I don't know. I don't know if we fully know the answer to that, but there's certainly a reason for it.
Anyway, now, Riot Games is saying, you know, they tried to kind of play this whole thing cool.
You kind of wonder if there's sweat and bullets behind the scene or what's going on.
But Riot did say, they put out a statement, they said, and they commented to Variety,
they said, We support Rioters making their voices heard today.
We've asked all managers to make every commendation to allow Rioters to participate, including freeing up meeting times.
We respect Rioters who choose to walk out today and will not tolerate retaliation of any kind
as a result of participating. So, I mean, they've been dragged through the mud publicly once already.
They're going out of their way to be like, Oh, yeah, it's cool. You're going to walk off your jobs.
It's cool. It's cool. Yeah, you know, maybe we deserved it a little bit. I don't know.
So, they're very much trying to at least outwardly give that impression of, Oh, you know, we're cool.
We don't, you know, please don't write another mean thing about us and keep playing League of Legends, right?
Yeah.
I mean, time will tell if this is to have impact.
But certainly, the employees that walked out have kind of threatened that they're going to do more if things don't change.
So, if this arbitration clause doesn't go away in favor of the judicial process and so forth,
of course, they're not saying what it is because maybe they don't want Riot to be able to prepare a statement next time.
And that could be a variety of things.
You could talk about, you know, and again, I'm making shit up.
I don't know anything about what's going on behind closed doors at Riot.
I'm completely making shit up.
They could walk out again but not warn people when it's going to happen.
And they could time this around an important deadline.
They could do something timed with E3.
There could be a convenient breaking of some major NDAs.
We don't know.
There could be a leak.
Around my E3? I don't believe that.
I mean, again, I'm just making shit up but these are the types of things that could happen potentially.
So, if you wanted to damage a company, that might be a way to do it.
Spill all their secrets.
Leak all their secrets.
And make it so that, you know, I'm sure there are lots of gaming websites out there that would promise anonymity for some of those secrets.
Of course, then they might get taken to court but you got the First Amendment.
It would get ugly.
Anyway, I'm not saying they should do that but it's going to be interesting to see how this might escalate if Riot doesn't, you know, listen to some of these demands.
And it may not end there.
If this campaign is successful, perhaps we're going to see employees start to stand up for things like crunch time and for things like benefits and so on and so forth.
So, we're at a very interesting sort of turning point, I think, in the industry.
It could be very, very interesting.
So, SSTO100Matt says the industry needs to unionize and don't believe the nonsense about saving enough money on union dues to buy a game console like what Delta did this week.
Oh yeah, that was a whole thing. Did you see that?
No.
Delta was putting out these ads. They're all over Twitter about the $700 you spend annually in union fees could go to buy a new game console and all these games.
There's a variety of different little ads that show what $700 could buy you and just the game console one is the one that's catching a lot of gamer's attention, obviously.
So, yeah, interesting.
SSTO100Matt also says happy employees respect their companies.
Just saying.
And isn't that the truth?
I think we'll end it on that note and we'll move on to our next story.
So, let's go to something a little more positive.
Yeah, Loki?
Yes.
So, this is pretty cool.
Did you know that Minecraft is 10 years old?
So, that's right. They're celebrating.
Don't you feel old as a result because that's why every time I see one of those things on Facebook that says XYZ is 20 years old today or, you know, God, what was the thing that was just recently going around is like 30 years old as of today.
I don't know, but it's just like, wow, I feel old.
Yeah, I'm trying to remember.
But anyways, yeah.
So, it is 10 years old.
And to celebrate, they have a brand new map that you can play that's basically celebrating the whole history of Minecraft.
They even have this large Minecraft minecart ride that kind of walks you through all the different things.
They have like this giant compendium of all the blocks and how to use them and all the mobs.
And aside from it being quite impressive to look at, there's also some Easter eggs in there and you can go check that out.
Basically, any version of Minecraft that's available out there, I think you can actually play this on right now.
So, that's still currently being updated, of course.
I don't think 360 is going to be able to do that.
Some interesting comments from chat.
S2100Matt says, Minecraft is now eligible for Classic Game of the Week.
Fuck. I guess it is.
I guess it is, yeah.
Stay tuned.
I don't know if it'll come up on Jamie's radar, but we have had guests picking games lately and I don't believe Minecraft is on the ban list.
Why would it be on the ban list?
I don't think it is.
BobbyBlackWolf wonders in their 10th anniversary post, do they mention Notch?
Because I don't know if you know, but he's kind of messy.
I don't know, but part of the map is all of the little phrases that were in Minecraft.
Like when you start it up, how there's little catch tag lines or whatever that are on there.
So, they have the whole map surrounded by those.
So, I don't know if it mentions Notch in any of those.
I would guess no.
I'm going to guess that a company kind of knows when something is much bigger than one person.
And I think Minecraft is far past that point.
Where, you know, don't cry for that guy.
Because how much money did he get?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, we're not going to shed any tears for that.
So, yeah, right now it's free to anyone that has the Bedrock versions of the game.
So, that includes Xbox One, Switch, PC, and mobile devices.
No PlayStation 4 apparently.
And then, what else?
And then, they also have it available for the Java versions in Realms.
I know I saw on the, because this actually, this map was created by somebody that does a lot of map creation.
And so, they had it tagged where you can download the maps to play it in the Java version.
So, but it's out there.
I'm sure if you go to the Minecraft site.
On top of that though, they have this now classic version of Minecraft.
So, the very first version of Minecraft is out there.
Like, prior to a lot of the features that you come to love in there.
Like, for example, there's no mobs.
You only have eight types of blocks.
It's only in creative mode.
So, they have that.
So, apparently, you can play that in your browser now.
So, you can actually go check it out at minecraft.net slash en dash us article.
And then, embrace dash past dash minecraft dash past.
I can't write that fast.
Just go to minecraft.net.
I'm sure they've got a link.
I think that'll work.
Yes.
Or Google it.
Yes, or Google it.
You can check it out and play it.
I see more than eight blocks there.
I don't know about that.
But, it's neat.
Okay, but 4K Super Graphics Pack win.
Sonic Ether was working on it.
Sort of.
But, unfortunately, he stopped sharing stuff like the beta versions.
They quietly stopped talking about that.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe E3.
Well, just like the last time they talked about it.
Well, actually, didn't they announce something coming up on the 17th?
Was it?
Didn't they announce like they put something out like a teaser with a date on it?
Because I thought I saw something in our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord about it.
Like, they were teasing a date.
Somebody had posted about that.
So, I don't know if maybe there are more announcements to come or what have you.
Is that when their next like inside Xbox is going to be?
I don't think it's inside Xbox.
I think it's a Minecraft focus thing.
Inside Minecraft?
No, I think it's just a Minecraft.
Because don't they do like Minecon and that kind of stuff?
Minecon was already happened.
That was in April.
But, yeah.
I mean, I haven't played Minecraft in a while.
I know they have new mobs and everything since I played Minecraft.
So, we need to go back and play again.
I know. I know you miss Minecraft.
Actually, I wanted to go dig it up.
So, that's why I'm looking at my phone right now.
I'm actually going onto the Discord to find what that was that was being shared.
And, yeah.
Okay. So, it was posted by 13X Forever in our Discord on Monday saying,
Minecraft AR teased at the end of today's Microsoft Build Conference keynote.
So, May 17th.
And they show like a little like they're holding the phone.
So, there may be more information.
I guess that wouldn't be the full day.
I wonder if they're going to.
I mean, maybe they're pushing that to the Windows reality.
Do those have the passthrough cameras on it?
I know like some of them have the passthrough cameras on them.
I don't know if the mixed reality headsets.
I would assume mixed reality means that maybe they do.
It would be neat if it was coming like phones.
Like you do AR like building with that.
Yeah, Minecraft Go says Act Deft with a question mark.
So, like a Minecraft type of real world type game.
That could be very interesting.
We'll see.
I guess we'll find out this coming week.
It's possible.
I'd play it.
Yeah. We'll see.
All right. Anyhow, moving on.
Another game that I know a lot of people are very excited about.
Tetris 99.
That's still a thing.
And I think many people kind of foresaw when Tetris 99 first came out.
People kind of foresaw.
You know, excuse me.
You know, there seems to be room in this for there to be more than just the Battle Royale.
That there's room.
And sure enough, it's been announced there is more coming.
It's the Big Block DLC.
And it will be offline modes for Tetris 99 for $9.99.
So, here's the thing.
Tetris 99 right now is free if you have the Switch Online, right?
So, it's kind of like a free game.
But, I mean, it would only work online anyway if you had the Nintendo Switch Online.
So, now they're going to be selling a version of it, basically.
Or this DLC, if you will, for $10 that will allow you to do offline.
So, it will include CPU battle.
You versus 98 computer players.
Which would be good if you want to play on the go on an airplane or somewhere where you don't have internet.
Or if you just don't like playing with people online.
Although, you don't really interact with people online.
They feel like computer players.
You don't really interact with them.
But, whatever.
I mean, you can play this game when you're not buying internet.
That's, you know, something that would happen.
Also, though, there's more.
Marathon, which would involve clearing the most lines and scoring big.
And you don't need an internet connection for either one.
So, yeah.
And then I think they were talking about some type of upcoming mode or tournament or something where...
Yeah, here it is.
The maximum cup event from May 17th at midnight to May 19th at 11.59 PM.
If you get 100 points, you get a special Game Boy theme that looks like the old Game Boy Tetris game.
Which is kind of cute.
So, I wish you could just get that for playing.
I wish you didn't have to score a ton of points to do it.
But maybe that won't be too hard.
I don't know.
I want to check out that Game Boy theme, though.
That looks pretty cool.
So, I know a lot of you are enjoying Tetris 99.
And you got some more stuff to look forward to there.
So, Bobby Blackwolf points out,
Computer players aren't as good as human players.
I can actually win in single player.
ActDef says,
People are hating on the big block DLC and I really don't understand why.
Probably the $10 charge.
People are probably like,
But the game was free.
Why am I paying to...
Probably, I think that's...
You don't have to.
It's optional.
It is optional.
You don't have to pay it.
So,
Dr. Studio says,
I did eventually get to 100.
So, I don't think the Game Boy skin will be that hard to unlock.
Well, that's good to know.
That'll be good.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Just a couple more stories for you guys before we get to the Classic Game of the Week.
Loki.
So, they've announced the E3 press conference schedule.
So, we can take a look and see what we're going to be up against.
Starting June 9th.
So, June 9th, of course, being a Sunday.
We've got Microsoft at 1 p.m. Pacific time.
And followed by Bethesda at Sunday at 9...
5.30.
Then the following day on that Monday, June 10th.
We've got Ubisoft at 1.
And later on the evening, Square Enix at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
Followed by Nintendo doing their direct at...
On June 11th, 9 a.m. Pacific time.
So, I'm looking at the calendar here.
That's why I'm looking at my phone.
I'm looking at a calendar.
And so, next week is episode 777.
We're off on May 26th.
Okay, that's the week we're off.
We come back June 2nd.
So, that's kind of the ramp into E3.
It's kind of the last show before E3.
And when the rumors are really going to start to...
And you might start to hear some indie news and so forth.
And then June 9th is right after that.
So, 779 will be the E3 show.
Because Bethesda is going to interrupt our show again.
With whatever they've got going.
Which we kind of don't know.
Because that star field probably isn't ready, right?
So, we don't...
That's never stopped them from releasing something.
Fair.
Be very curious to see what they're going to talk about.
And then since Sony isn't doing anything Monday night...
Oh, I think it's about time for like a Fallout New Vegas remaster or something like that.
Wait a minute.
So, Square Enix is doing their own thing Monday night, right?
Instead of Sony, right?
Yes.
So, we're very likely to see some things on the Final Fantasy VII remake.
Which I'm about to touch on here as well.
Do you think maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe?
We're going to see Final Fantasy XVI.
It's time. It's time. It's time.
Final Fantasy XVI. It's time. It's time.
We've moved on from XV, right?
We're done.
Final Fantasy XVI. It's time, yeah?
It's time.
For Urgance 2.
No?
Alright.
Well, I guess that does go...
Come on. Think of the esports.
Urgance 2. Come on.
I guess that does go right into another story here about Final Fantasy VII and the Final Fantasy VII remake.
And sure enough, this week, Sony PlayStation did a State of Play update.
Which is PlayStation Direct, essentially, under a different name.
And they showed a few things there.
Some of the stuff is sprinkled throughout our show a little later.
But also, the fact that we got an update on the Final Fantasy VII remake.
We got a little bit more of a trailer.
Which showed some gameplay and it showed some cinematics.
Probably, you know, some scenes we got to kind of see in the remake style.
Such as that first scene where Aerith runs into Cloud and offers him the flower.
Which was, you know, that's seen in the original game.
And you see that a little more fully realized.
And they did tease that there would be more coming in June.
Well, now we know they have their own press conference coming up instead of Sony.
It would seem very likely that that would be the time that we're going to get more information.
Gameplay!
Well, I mean, the trailer has gameplay in it.
Like actual gameplay.
Maybe, yeah. Now, maybe instead of it being so sliced up.
Gameplay demo, huh?
Maybe. Maybe we'll see something like that.
Maybe.
That could very well be a thing.
It should be noted, though, on the same token there with Final Fantasy VII.
They are still planning to make the remake episodic.
And you may have noticed, even in that trailer.
It seemed like everything in that trailer was the first hour of the game, if that.
I mean, there wasn't.
That's probably all they have done.
I don't know. I would hope they have more.
Maybe they're just holding some of that back for E3.
We don't know where the episode lines are being drawn.
But we do know that Final Fantasy VII still plans to be episodic.
It's each of the discs. Why not?
Well, but disc three was nothing but the last dungeon in the ending.
I don't think...
That's it, yeah.
I don't think they're going to draw the lines.
Haha, Sucker, you bought it for 60 bucks.
I don't think they're going to draw the lines what they did on the disc.
I think it's very logical that the whole sequence with getting out of Midgar.
That'll be episode one.
Maybe it goes into Advent Children.
I don't know. I think y'all are just adding your own shit to it.
I think where Midgar is, that'll be the end of the first episode.
And then kind of in the overworld up to a certain...
I'm trying to remember back in the game.
But they'll probably split the overworld into like two and three.
I would imagine there's three episodes, but who knows?
There might be more.
But here's something.
I mean, since they are splitting it up into episodic content,
you can expect you're going to pay 60 bucks for each episode.
So for the full Final Fantasy VII remake experience,
get ready to pay $180.
I would say at least.
Or just wait.
I would guess.
Now, this also begs an interesting question here, if you ask me.
We're already talking about the PlayStation 5 in 2020.
And we've already talked about how some games may just kind of come out
for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, right?
Isn't that going to be interesting if they get the Final Fantasy VII remake
Episode 1 out for PlayStation 4?
Then they put it out again on PlayStation 5 just before Episode 2 comes out.
That's how they're going to get $60 from you twice for the same episode.
Watch. Watch.
Of course, we also know the PlayStation 5 will play PlayStation 4 games,
so you won't necessarily have to do that.
But I bet there's some people that will for whatever, you know,
graphical upgrades and other things they might do with it as well.
We'll see.
I was going to mention, though, on top of that,
Devolver is also doing their press conference,
which will be fucking weird as usual.
But I love it.
Bobby Blackwolf is wondering,
will we get Final Fantasy VII Episode 3, though?
We're still waiting on Half-Life 2 Episode 3.
Well, the good news is we know Square can get a series to 15.
Right?
Square doesn't stumble on Half-Life 2.
Square doesn't stumble on the number 3, unlike some companies,
because they've at least got one of their franchises up to 15 games
and countless spin-offs.
So I think we're doing okay right there.
Akdev says, we will get Final Fantasy VII Episode 3,
but people will hate it and it will be patched,
like Episode 13 and Final Fantasy XV.
Oh, my God. All these numbers. I'm going crazy.
You know, it's probably going to be there, and I hope it is.
It actually is our Avengers game, remember?
Oh, yeah.
They're supposed to be working on one of those.
Sure. I'd like to see that as well.
We'll talk some more E3 predictions in a couple weeks,
but it's getting exciting.
I've got to say, with as much as I'm kind of giving this Final Fantasy VII
and the episode thing,
and look at all this money you're going to spend, some crap.
I've got to say, it looks really good.
If it looks that good for some hours and hours of gameplay,
it kind of might be worth it.
That $180 will be spread out through five years.
I just hope this doesn't cease development on another Final Fantasy game,
because I know there's some of you out there that are like,
oh, no, the Final Fantasy VII remake is Final Fantasy XVI.
Maybe not in name, but all the resources that would be going to make
a Final Fantasy XVI are going to that remake right now,
so you're going to wait twice as long for a Final Fantasy XVI.
I hope we see a Final Fantasy VI remake in the same type of style.
All right. We need to go back to a simpler time.
We need to take a trip back to a time when there were not episodic remakes.
There were not Episode VI and Final Fantasy X, II, and all this stuff,
but there were generations and generations and generations
of maybe different games.
We're going to take a trip back with the classic game of the week,
and then we'll be back here live in studio.
And so we'll take a step back through space and time
and this little segment that we do here on Orange Launch Radio
called the Classic Game of the Week, where usually,
Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
hey, you guys should be checking out this game this week.
But as I mentioned earlier in the show, she's not here tonight
because she's off doing things for Mother's Day.
So as we've been doing this year, we're inviting some special guests
onto the show to take care of the Classic Game of the Week,
and this week is no different.
Welcome back to Orange Launch Radio.
Now, all the way from Boise, Idaho,
the one-time host of the Ranger Bride Podcast, Shane.
Hello.
Hello, welcome back.
Thank you.
It has been a little while since we've had you on the show.
Can you summarize the past couple years in one or two sentences?
I got married, I moved, and I quit paying attention to Power Rangers.
Okay.
That sounds like a lot of big changes going on.
Well, glad to have you here on the show to help us out with this segment,
the Classic Game of the Week.
So why don't we get to it?
What did you pick for our listeners tonight?
Okay.
Well, what I picked is very relevant at the moment
because there's this little indie movie that just came out.
It's called Detective Pikachu.
And I'm sure we have not yet talked about it tonight at all.
No, not one bit.
And while I can't actually...
There's a Detective Pikachu game that you guys didn't know,
but it doesn't meet the requirements for Classic Game of the Week.
Yes.
We do have strict rules around here.
I don't write them, but I do have to enforce them.
So I am taking an aspect of that movie
and an aspect of a story that I totally have to tell
and combining it.
And it's going to give our Classic Game of the Week
the big reveal, Pokemon Diamond and Pearl.
All right.
And what's kind of interesting about this week on Twitch anyway,
you don't really see this on the podcast,
but we actually show footage from the game in the background
of the game that's been picked.
And usually we just kind of have like a random let's play from YouTube or something.
But tonight, this is actual footage that you shot
playing the game.
Yep.
I have a DS that is modded.
Sorry, a 3DS that is modded.
2DS that is modded because it's my Pokemon one.
And I thought I really haven't used it yet.
And if we're going to be doing a Pokemon game,
of which I own all of them,
we might as well just go ahead and use footage that I get.
Awesome.
Well, I'm glad that we get to have some unique footage
here on the show tonight of the Classic Game.
So tell us a little bit about-
There may be a special guest star or two in that footage.
All right.
For those that are on Twitch anyway, we'll keep our eyes peeled.
But why this game?
Out of the seven generations of Pokemon games,
well, I know some of them aren't eligible because they're not 10 years old,
but there's been-
I know like the one I want to do.
I know there's been-
One more year and I can do it.
I know there's been spinoffs and a variety of things.
So why are we bringing this one to the table tonight?
Okay, so there's two reasons.
The first reason is in Detective Pikachu,
all different types of Pokemon are represented from different generations.
And I was going through the list on a website that kind of cataloged
which ones show up,
and I noticed that there was one generation four Pokemon in the entire movie,
which still made me feel a little bad.
That doesn't count like posters.
It doesn't count statues in the movie.
I'm talking about physical Pokemon that you can interact with in the movie.
And so I was like, well, I get it.
Gen four is not the best, but let's do something nice for Gen four today.
The second reason is, and I'm not sure if you remember this, Rob,
but around the time this game came out, which was April,
I'm scrolling up because I don't remember the exact day, April 22nd, 2007,
around that time, you, myself, and Jamie took a trip to Disneyland,
and one of the things we did was we stopped at a Walmart
and I bought Pokemon Diamond on that trip.
I do vaguely remember that.
Those were the years where we were going to Disneyland all the time
because it was reasonably priced.
It was like $25 million for a half-day pass.
Exactly. I do remember this because this was, you know,
I don't think you were at the point where you were buying five copies of every generation,
but you were definitely still like, I got to get this game.
Yeah, I wasn't even getting both copies at that point.
I was just picking one and going with it.
So, boy, those were the easy days.
So you kind of referenced something there, though,
about that this maybe isn't necessarily the best Pokemon game in some people's eyes.
Like, this generation is kind of controversial, right?
Yeah, it's got a few interesting choices that were made, at least in Diamond and Pearl.
That's why I wanted to go with Diamond and Pearl versus Platinum,
which would have also qualified for today.
But Platinum was your third version in Generation 4's main games,
and whenever you get a third version, it usually fixes a lot of problems that the previous games had.
So, for example, in Diamond and Pearl, there are all of four different types of Pokemon
that you can get throughout the game that have a fire typing,
either solid or is double-typed and one of them is fire.
Just to make that even worse is that one of those Pokemon that you can get is exclusive to Pearl.
So Diamond only gets three types, or three Pokemon, rather, that you can use fire with.
And, you know, that might be good enough for a lot of people,
but it seems the Pokemon fanbase in general likes to have as much variety as possible,
and that really paints you into a corner of having to pick Ho Monkey, or Chimchar, is what he's actually called,
if you want a decent fire type in either of the games, honestly.
Interesting. So, if you kind of don't pick Chimchar as your starter type, you're going to be boxed in.
Is there a grass gym that you have to fight at some point,
or something where you kind of need fire types to get through it easier?
Yeah, there's... Sorry, you know that grass is not the only thing that is weak to fire.
Well, yeah, but it's just the one that comes to mind.
Well, you do have a grass, you have ice, so both of those, you get right there, you've got a steel gym.
So that's three gyms right there that you would be totally great to have a good fire type with.
There's even an Elite Four that is bugged. Well, why don't you burn the bug too?
Gotcha. So is that, I mean, is it the variety? Is that where people kind of just had issues,
where the Pokemon just got us interesting, or why do people not usually talk about Gen 4 as their fave?
Well, you can't really say people don't talk about Gen 4 as their fave,
because everybody has a gym that they like, and everybody's very vocal about it,
but I think even the people that love Gen 4 can agree that these issues that come up,
their pacing is not great in the game, the spread of Pokemon not that great,
they find other reasons to love it.
One example, the music. When you are hopefully watching that video, can they hear the music?
It's going to be faint in the background, but it'll come through.
Okay. When the character goes up to the lake very early on, the music at the lake is amazing.
I haven't played Gen 4, to be honest, in years and years and years, because it's not Gen 5, why would I care?
But they did a really good job with the music in this game.
And I know that the storyline, and this applies to people complaining nowadays about the newer Pokemon,
the storyline in this game is actually pretty dark.
The evil team basically wants to wipe out everything and start all over, so everybody dies.
Yikes.
And for what's a kid's game, that's a little harsh.
So what about some of the good things, though?
Because obviously it'd be weird if we sat here and just talked about all the bad things about a classic game of the week,
but surely there must have been things that Gen 4 brought to the table that future Pokemon games influenced.
You know, Gen 2 was the first one with gender outside of Nidoran.
Gen 3 had the berries. There's other stuff, too. What was new in Gen 4?
So, the battle system in Gen 4, it changed up how attacks worked.
It now, in Gen 4, attacks are either physical or special by how the attack actually operates.
So, like, if it touches the enemy or not.
That wasn't the case in the games up to this point.
So, Thunder Punch is physical because it's a punch, and Hyper Beam would be special.
So that's actually something that's been carried forward since the introduction in Gen 4.
So, that's definitely a legacy that you can look back to Gen 4 and be like,
okay, this is where it started, this is why Pokemon Battle feels better, to be honest.
And this was the first game that was dual screen, right?
Because Gen 3 was a Game Boy Advance game, right?
So Gen 4 was the first, like, dual screen, yeah, yeah.
Correct. And, while it does dual screen, and probably because of it,
a negative for you is that it dropped back down to 30 frames a second.
So, I don't think many people care about that, but, you know, just a little trivia there.
Yeah, interesting.
Well, and plus, I guess it should be noted that, you know, now that we know that Gen 9, no, 8,
I always lose count, Gen 8 is gonna be on the Switch.
I mean, presumably, we're going back to a single screen format.
So it's like 4, 5, 6, and 7 will all kind of exist in this double screen world that is essentially,
as far as we know, anyway, is gonna be gone on the Switch version.
I mean, we don't know, they might split the screen on the Switch, they might do something,
but we're kind of assuming we're going back to single screen.
Let's go Pikachu and Eevee, those abominations of Pokemon games.
They were single screen.
That's true, that's true.
But, I mean, I guess those are, I count those as spin-offs, but I guess they are kind of Gen 1 remakes in a way.
But the Pokemon company does not count them as spin-offs, they count them as mainline games.
Which is a whole other fight for another day.
Yeah, I guess so.
Well, speaking of, like, remakes and all that stuff, did they ever remake Gen 4?
Not yet. It would technically be next in line.
Yeah, I was gonna say, it should be the next one to be remade, but maybe not, because they went back to Gen 1, right?
Yeah, they did.
Much to a lot of people's chagrins.
But, you know, I feel like since they're moving everything over from their quote-unquote handheld division of systems,
even though the Switch is handheld but it can be whatever,
they needed to start off with something they felt was strong,
and unfortunately, just do the Gen 1 pandering and that should be strong enough.
I know this is a Gen 4 discussion,
and I'd be a terrible host if I didn't ask, why do you not care for Gen 1, it seems?
I mean, I guess, like, Gen 1, I don't know.
Like, I think maybe because of Pokemon Go or people being kids that are, like, 30 and 40 now that were kids when Gen 1 came out.
It seems like there's so much nostalgia in Gen 1, but you don't like it nearly as much.
You probably like Gen 4 more than you like Gen 1.
You're probably right.
It's just the mechanics, the pacing.
I don't like the Pokemon for the most part in Gen 1.
I know that's a terrible thing to say, but outside of just a handful, they're not that interesting to me.
But, you know, I get a lot of crap because my favorite's Gen 5, which is basically a remake of Gen 1, but using entirely different Pokemon.
And I'm cool with that. I think it's great.
And Gen 1 was my first game, too, so I don't even have that nostalgia there.
But maybe I had, like, a rebirth of nostalgia because I was kind of, you know, not very hardcore into it until Gen 5 came out.
Then I just threw myself into it and never looked back.
Well, if you want to compare to another geek culture thing, Episode 7 was essentially a remake of Episode 4, but we had to suffer through Episodes 1, 2, and 3 to get there. Right?
I'm talking Star Wars.
That's correct.
Because, like, Episode 7 of what?
Star Wars. Right.
The segment's running a little long and we've got to get back to the show, but I have to ask about the actual... What?
I have one more thing I have to say about that real quick before you say anything.
Because there is one major thing that I did not hit on that's super important is that Gen 4 introduced the global trade system.
So, that way you can throw Pokémon up, get something randomly docked.
And that is, oh yeah, because, like, you know, I remember using that in X and Y and the Sun and Moon, and, like, you'd just throw garbage out there and you'd get, like, hacked Pokémon in return.
Yeah, that's why I never used it.
My Pokémon are legit.
The thing I wanted to ask about before we go back to the live show is the Pokémon themselves.
We've talked about a couple of them. I don't know if you don't want to name the one that's in the movie because maybe it's a potential spoiler.
And we talked about Chimchar, but, like, what are your, I mean, surely, even if Gen 4 is kind of like your, eh, it's all right.
Like, what are, like, some of your favorite Pokémon that Gen 4 introduced?
Oh, that, ooh, ooh, ooh, okay.
I would say Shinx. Shinx's entire line. I love that.
I actually still have, to this day, my original Shinx that I caught in that copy of Diamond. I passed him through the games all the way up.
So, um, he would be my favorite. Um, what other ones are there?
Well, my favorite is Bidoof and the most, the most memeable Pokémon, maybe, besides Mudkip.
Yours is Bidoof.
Um, okay, so, I like all the starters. All the starters for Gen 4 are great.
Like, Churchwig through Empoleon, you guys are great.
Uh, they have a really good bird line in Starly, going up to Staraptor.
And then we did Shinx and Luxray, got that out of the way.
And then, really, after that, um, not, not seeing a whole lot.
And, and I know this from playing Pokémon GO, which we should, you know, mention.
Gen 4 is the most recent gen you can catch in Pokémon GO.
They haven't unleashed Gen 5 yet, so kind of Gen 4 is, like, the new stuff, even though it's been a few months.
But, you know, you kind of notice through Gen 4, there's a lot of, like, babies of earlier Pokémon, right?
Like Munchlax, there's, like, a baby Snorlax, right?
And there's also future evolutions of some of the, you know, Gen 1 Pokémon.
Like, uh, Magmortar is there, Electrovire, um, and then, like, Togepi from Gen 2 got Togekiss, right?
So, it's interesting that, like, a lot of Gen 4 is kind of just, like, evolves and devolves of some of the original Pokémon.
Yeah, and I guess that's, uh, sort of a theme you could put on to Gen 4, is that this one is all about
breeding and evolution, so they give you new babies and new Evos for things that really didn't need them, or should have had them earlier.
Alright. Well, um,
We also got, uh, because it's not GO yet, we also got new Eevee evolutions, because it's an even numbered generation, so that was cool.
That's right, and those haven't showed up in GO yet. GO doesn't have all of Gen 4 yet, just a big chunk of it.
Nope. It's gonna take, like, another year or so for the five left.
Alright, well, we gotta wrap up and head back, uh, live to the studio, but there it is, your Classic Game of the Week, uh, a timely selection with the new movie that everybody's talking about this week, but it's Pokémon Diamond and Pearl.
And, uh, Shane, thank you for being here and filling in tonight. Do you have, uh, anything else you wanna say?
Uh, you wanna give a quick spoiler-free review of Detective Pikachu real quick?
It was really, really awesome, and if you are a Pokémon fan at all, you will walk out of the theater wishing you could go to Rhyme City and live there forever.
I have to kind of agree with you, that's kind of how I felt. I just, I loved, and I probably already said this earlier in the show, but I'll say it again, I loved how it just unapologetically made Pokémon real.
Like, they've, they've just, they've just always been there.
And they did a great job with the designs, but there are, like, a couple standouts that are nightmare fuel. Like, absolute nightmare fuel.
I won't say, because I don't want to spoil, because at least one of them has not shown up in the trailer, so.
Yeah, that's fair, that's fair. Alright, well, before we get into spoiler territory, we will go back to the show. Um, is there any, like, social media, I know you don't have a podcast regularly anymore, but is there anything you want to plug, social media or anything like that?
No, not really.
Alright. Well, thanks for being here, Shane, and we're gonna head back to the show live.
Alright.
Alright, we're back. Thanks so much to Shane for helping to fill in this week with the Classic Game of the Week.
I kind of, I kind of thought he might pick a Pokémon game, so it all worked out, because I know a lot of people were talking about that this week, but I like how he kind of tied it into the movie.
And, yeah, I didn't really think about that, but I guess there's really only, like, one Gen 4 Pokémon, again, I don't know if it's spoilery, so I won't say who, but, uh, that shows up in the game, so it's, it was kind of, like, not as well represented as maybe some other generations in the, uh, movie.
I mean, I would have expected a lot of Gen 1 stuff.
I think they had stuff sprinkled around, just not, like, main character.
Yeah, he said there's, like, statues and paintings and things.
Well, no, I think there's actually, um, like, legit Gen 4 Pokémon that were walking around, like, in the, like, especially in the beginning, like, where it's kind of showing just, like, the city.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Uh, and, uh, S2100Matt says, Shane is currently seeing it his fifth time.
I think he actually is on his second. He did say he was going back to see it on Sunday, but I don't think it's going to turn into, like, uh, Love, Simon, which he saw, like, 40 or 45 times in theater, and that's not a figure of speech, like, it was 40 times in theater, so I don't think it's going to be that.
But, uh, yeah, it's good to have him back on the show, so even though we miss Dark Soccer tonight, but she'll be back next week, and I think she'll be due for a soundtrack next week, so stay tuned for that.
In the meantime, we're going to get back into what we're doing here tonight. Sadly, I still don't have Jason in the studio.
I know his ETA was 730, but that was before he pulled over in a safe way to use the Wi-Fi.
So, hopefully, everything's still okay with him. We'll get to hear from him a little later on in the show.
We still got some ground to cover, though, before we get there, right?
Yeah.
Let's get to some rapid-fire news, Logie.
Alright, so, for May, we're getting some new games for the Nintendo Switch Online NES Archive service.
So, we've got, um, starting off with Donkey Kong Jr., Clu Clu Land, and VS Excitebike.
So, those will be, um, available on the 15th, in a few more days.
And then, uh, we've got a brand new Super Monkey Ball game, apparently coming out soon.
Apparently, Sega has filed a trademark in Japan for Tabe Goro Super Monkey Ball.
And, apparently, Tabe Goro translates to riper in season or good to eat, something along those lines.
The thought, I think, was that this might be almost like a, um, like a kind of a classic remake or something,
like they did with the Sonic games.
So, maybe we'll see that with Super Monkey Ball instead.
Which I would be totally cool with because, um, I thought Super Monkey Ball was a lot of fun.
We haven't seen one of those games in a while.
No, long time.
The last one I could think of was, like, on the Wii, maybe with the motion controls.
It's about the last time I could think of.
Well, apparently, the last one actually was released, um, in 2014 on iOS and Android.
Oh, right. Of course, of course, because there was a mobile phone one, of course.
Yes.
Of course. Alright.
Um, some other rapid-fire news, uh, stories to talk about.
I mentioned we'd talk about some of the other things that came up during the state of play with PlayStation.
And this was one that certainly caught my eye, is that they are making a game out of Predator.
Which, I mean, you know, Predator has had plenty of games.
And I mean, like, the movie, right? The Predator.
Uh, so, uh, Predator's had certain video games before, but this is a new one called Predator Hunting Grounds.
Uh, it is supposed to be a competitive online multiplayer experience.
So, that kind of sounds like one person's the predator and the rest are the prey.
It's Friday the 13th all over again.
Exactly.
Or, what's the other one?
Evolve will be in...
No, not Evolve. There's, um...
Dead by Daylight.
Yeah.
Yeah, those types of things.
So, uh...
Didn't one of those have the Predator in it? I may be thinking of Call of Duty did, like, that thing.
Um, Dead by Daylight has a lot of the, I almost said Scream Queens, but Slasher.
Uh, because I think they just spotted the ghost face from, um, Scream is supposed to be coming to that.
And, uh, some other things.
But I don't know if Predator is one of them in Dead by Daylight.
Another thing, it was for Call of Duty, it was one of the, um...
I think it was Black Ops 3 or something like that, where they did, um...
Like, a special event where you could become the Predator type thing.
Hi, Jason. Good to see you in studio.
If you're gonna put your face on the camera, I have to acknowledge you, because the Twitch people are gonna be like,
What's that? How you doing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is this microphone ready for the deep, dulcet tones that are certainly not Jamie's voice?
I think so. In fact, it might actually be tuned a little high, because Jamie...
Or, you know what I mean.
Yeah.
You might be actually coming through a little loud.
More reverberary versus more airy and...
A little bit.
Yeah.
So we were just talking about Predator coming out on PlayStation.
Do you like the Friday the 13th? No.
I've never seen any... I've seen bits and pieces of Alien, I've never seen anything Predator.
I've enjoyed some of the Dead by Daylight and Friday the 13th stuff that I've watched.
Okay.
Yeah, Dead by Daylight is a huge Twitch game.
I know you've been participating for a long time in Twitch culture.
And we're probably one of the people that were like,
you know, OLR should have moved to Twitch a long time ago.
But Dead by Daylight is huge in Twitch culture.
That's a very popular stream game out there.
Yeah. It's very role-playable and repeatedly role-playable.
Yes. I'm just going to turn your volume down just a tad.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Just a little bit.
All right. You're fine. You don't have to make those noises. It's a little weird.
All right. Anyway.
I just like looking at the fancy little dials you have up here.
Yeah.
I haven't been here since this setup.
It's been quite literally a year because we tend to,
work tends to have our all hands around May-ish.
Yeah. So this is the first time you've seen it with the whole video setup.
It's really, if you think about it, or I mean, as you can attest to,
it's not that different from what it was before,
except for I was more facing the wall instead of actually looking at my co-hosts.
Now it's all like video production and shit.
I know. I know. The very first video production we ever did,
I got a note that said, Rob, you never look at your co-hosts.
I'm like, it's radio. I don't have to.
We had to change that.
There's a lot of things, for all the things that you don't see,
it's always fun to kind of look back and be able to sit there
and hear all of the camaraderie and interaction.
And then the fact that everybody is paying attention to each other
and participating, but not necessarily in the showy presentation,
not necessarily needing all of the obvious body language
and everything else that you deal with.
It's just multitasking, or it's like having a phone call or something,
or playing games online, talking on Discord or something like that.
That's kind of like what it was.
But I do think there's always been a very,
not to toot our own horn very much,
but I think part of what's made this show unique
out of the literally thousands of gaming podcasts that are out there,
not just how fucking long we've been doing it for 13 years,
but the fact that we're in the same room doing it.
Now, I know there's other shows that do it that way too,
but I would say 5 or 10 percent tops are doing it in all the same room.
And I think that's part of what makes this a little bit special.
So, yeah, fun. Anyway.
All right, so let's get back.
It's the longest running in many ways.
Let's get back into some other rapid fire news,
and I'll come back and ask you about your gaming week
and all that fun stuff and your trip today,
because I still think that's hilarious,
that you pulled over at a Safeway to get us the bump tonight.
And your intro, you very clearly didn't give a fuck,
and I thought it was great.
But let's talk about Castlevania.
Oh, yes, that's a series we all love,
and there's some new music that is coming out on the different streaming sites.
So, new Castlevania soundtracks, or I should say old Castlevania soundtracks,
are new again thanks to showing up on streaming websites,
which include Spotify, which I know a lot of you use,
Apple Music, and Google Play.
Soundtracks such as Castlevania Symphony of the Night,
and Castlevania 64, Castlevania Chronicles, Curse of Darkness,
Portrait of Ruin, and so forth.
And, Jason, just be aware we can see your laptop a little bit,
so just in case you're doing anything sensitive on there.
If you need to see the monitor, it's up there and shows you what they can see.
I still want you to bring up work stuff or something that might be sensitive,
because you never know.
It's all blown out.
All right.
Anyway, you can check out the Castlevania soundtracks on those various websites,
which maybe I'll do later on.
That sounds like a plan.
Anyway, let's travel around the world and check out what is coming out in a store near you
with some world release dates.
Yes.
So, we've got a few things coming out this week.
So, starting off with a Plague Tale, Innocence, on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Darkwood on PlayStation 4.
Rage 2 is coming out this week on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Redout on Nintendo Switch.
World End Syndrome on the Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Bubsy, Paws on Fire on PC, Switch, and PlayStation 4.
Speaking of Castlevania, the Castlevania Anniversary Collection is coming out this week.
PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And then, of course, Darkwood is also coming out other days during this week on other systems,
so on Switch and Xbox One as well.
And that is it.
I wonder if that's kind of why they put out all those Castlevania soundtracks now,
is to get people talking about Castlevania just in time for that collection to be on its way out to stores.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Anyway, going to Japan.
It's been a little slow in Japan because we're just off the heels of Golden Week,
but we finally actually have some releases this week in Japan,
even though it still is a little slow as we ramp up back after the holidays in Japan.
But we do have Ys, Memory of Celceta, coming out this week on the PlayStation 4.
So that Ys series has been around forever, so that is pretty cool that that is coming out.
And then over on the Nintendo Switch, Roller Coaster Tycoon Adventures gets a kind of localized,
they're actually labeling it a multi-language release, but that is coming out in Japan.
And Hanayakanari Waga Ichi Zoku Modern Nostalgia for Nintendo Switch in a regular and limited edition.
That is really the only other release out there this week.
Oh, this came out on PlayStation 4 not that long ago.
It's like you're finally getting to marry the maid girl of your dreams is what it looks like.
Or at least, I don't know, it's kind of one of those visual novel type of games.
Gee, I never would have imagined where they'd get that storyline from.
I know.
What a completely unique...
Good help is hard to marry.
Yeah.
Stop it.
Anyway, we are going to get into the UK release dates, then we'll get to the mailbag.
Yeah, so the UK also has Rage 2 coming out as well on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Plague Tale Innocence on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Guilty Gear 20th Anniversary Edition on the Nintendo Switch.
Wasteland 2 on the Nintendo Switch.
Sniper Elite V2 Remastered on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Switch.
And last but not least, the Steven Universe Double Pack on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Switch.
Alright, let's head on over to the mailbag.
Every week we invite you guys to email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and we read our favorite emails here on the air.
Or else we talk about RuPaul's Drag Race.
But we did get one email this week to save you from Drag Race discussion,
which is probably for the best because Jamie's not here tonight.
So do you watch RuPaul's Drag Race, Jason?
No.
It's probably for the best. We did get an email tonight.
An email from YYR who emailed us to say,
Hello, LR. This email has been sent to acknowledge the Dream Game submission from last week's episode on Sunday, May 5th.
Your submission has been received. Please allow two to three months for processing.
Thank you for using the YYR game's Dream Game submission service.
I don't even remember what I said.
And now I'm worried.
Chat, what did we say for a Dream Game?
I seriously don't even remember what we said for a Dream Game last week.
That's how this show goes.
I just say things and then a week goes by and I'm like, what?
So, uh, yeah.
A lot of people in the chat are like, I forgot too.
Well, luckily we have a girlfriend.
A week ago? I don't know what happened two days ago.
Wait, you want me to go back and listen? I know, I can't even remember what I did yesterday.
What day it is? What day is tomorrow?
I know, if you ask me what missions in Ingress I did literally earlier today, I'd be like, um...
The ones where you hack portals and destroy other ones.
There was one at Sutter's Fort.
Anyway, thank you for the email.
If you want to send us an email, participate at orangetontrader.com.
Oh, shit, Darktitsui, I can't even remember what it was.
So, it didn't happen, almost.
If our historian can't remember...
That would be funny because if YYR is serious, then he might be exploring actually making a game out of it.
Which, I don't know, he might just be in a tease or whatever.
It would be really funny that when he's ready to debut, he'd be like, remember when he asked for this?
No!
No, but actually, you know what'll happen?
It'll be because, like, I'll be like, when he says the name, I'll be like, oh fuck, I did say that, didn't I?
That's usually how this...
I did say that, didn't I?
Oh, man.
Wow, I'm horrible.
Alright, anyway.
Uh, Jason, we can use the opportunity to catch up with you a little bit.
Howdy, Rob.
How are you doing?
Long time, no see.
So, I know you're in the chair where the viewers can't see you as well, just because...
I knew you were coming here mid-show, so I didn't have time to, like, figure out what the spacing would be like over here.
I can just kinda do...
Oh, is the mic gonna fit?
Do one of these numbers.
Okay, you're gonna come up...
Ah, fuck Pikachu.
Alright.
Hi, buddy!
He's getting enough air time, we don't really frickin' need him.
Just all these stuffed animals going everywhere, who cares?
Okay, why don't you have that guy on your shoulder there?
He'd be a little Pokemon partner.
How have you been?
Especially in very, very recent times, quite busy.
Yeah?
Um...
That's good, though.
That's better than sitting around being sad.
Yeah.
I mean, that still happens, too.
That's life.
Yeah, I'm so desperate.
That's life.
We all have our sad days.
Um, I have been following a wrestling promotion back home on and off for the last three years and change.
Um, and when I was at TwitchCon San Jose last October, um...
How was that?
I'm sad I made...
They did it on, like, the worst possible weekend for me.
Yeah.
The worst...
It's better this year, because it's September and not Halloween.
It is.
And one of my friends is moving to San Diego, so I might have a place to stay.
It's in San Diego again, which is even better.
Frickin' love Gaslamp.
That place was amazing.
Hands easily the best to date.
Um, it was...
It was busy.
It was hectic.
It was growing.
It was everything that a con is supposed to be.
Um, you know, my personal opinions aside, it certainly went off and they did amazing
stuff, um, as they always do with content production and good expos.
Uh, a lot of stuff that we saw in progress with TwitchExtensions really starting to grow
that we've seen a lot over the last couple of years.
We're just kind of budding back then.
And we've seen Twitch Sings that has debuted officially over the last couple of months.
And for the music streamers that I follow, it's been fun seeing them do that.
Add that to their repertoire of the content that they create on there as well.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm thinking about it, Twitch.
But I'm not.
I'm not a singer.
Somebody has some, uh, somebody has some history with songs.
I don't know.
I don't know what'll get added to the library, but we could have a reprieve over here.
No.
My concern, and this will totally make sense why I say it's a concern slash, but it's also
a positive.
My concern is that if I do a Twitch Sings stream, it will give Travis Donovan a reason
to come back, which don't get me wrong.
That's the good side.
Him coming back to do a show would be a good thing, but he would, he would embarrass me
every single week with whatever I decided to sing.
If I just, it's like a prayer in Twitch Sings.
I haven't paid any attention.
I can't even, I think I know Disney songs and that's pretty much it.
I sang that song in a karaoke booth like 20 years ago and got a 15 year sentence for
it.
So, you know, was it one of the ones that grades you however the hell that works?
No, Travis Donovan and his audience graded me for the next 15 years.
Even better.
It'll actually be accurate.
I went to some Korean, uh, Korean system karaoke.
Where was that?
Uh, as a matter of fact, I think it was in San Diego, um, that I was out there for work
and, uh, it gives you a score on a scale of a hundred at the very end.
And who even, I don't even.
Oh yeah.
Back in the DDR days when we were going to all those tournaments and all that shit, right?
We went to a tournament in Koreatown in LA and I remember there was a DDR tournament
going on, but I, it was freestyle and I wasn't like judging or anything and I'm not good
at freestyle.
Like it's always like they did perfect attack in the morning and then freestyle.
So I would do my perfect tackling.
So anyway, my point is princess Irene and I ended up going in one of those karaoke booths
in the back of the Korean arcade.
And I, I shit you not, we spent at least like three hours in that thing while the entire
freestyle tournament was going on.
We were singing and it was one of those things that would grade you because I remember, I
remember the song that I got a hundred percent on.
Oh shit.
To this day, all through the night by Cyndi Lauper.
Not one of her biggest hits.
I would sing it for you, but I'm not going to do that because it will be a clip anyway.
Uh, yeah, so when, uh, on the very last day of the con on Sunday, um, the wrestling promotion
back home had a morning, uh, panel and I didn't wake up for it in time.
Fuck mornings and cons.
I go, I go there for the people anyway.
So it's like, Hey, that's happening.
Okay, cool.
I'll see you back home anyways.
Uh, and I was, as I was wrapping up for lunch, I literally was collecting my trash and standing
up and an individual with the promotion came in, sat down and set the Twitch championship
title, which the promotion owns, sets it right on the table.
I look at it, I look at him, I say, I know you, I missed your panel today, but I know
you.
Um, and so the long and the short of it is that, uh, what's the promotion?
Are you allowed to talk about it?
Absolutely.
Uh, Rocky mountain pro, uh, is based in technically golden Colorado.
It'll be said as just Denver, uh, more often.
Um, they that's, that's kind of like any place in Colorado.
People are like, Oh, Denver, Denver, Denver's kind of, it's either Denver border, Colorado
Springs or fricking flatlands.
Even when you used to say Colorado Springs, I'd be like, isn't that near Denver?
I live halfway in between Denver and Colorado Springs.
You know what?
If I travel to Canada or something and I'm like, yeah, I'm from Sacramento, California,
huh?
The Capitol, huh?
It's like two hours outside San Francisco.
Oh, okay.
But yet, equidistant on I-5 if you're coming, if you're going north to San Francisco.
Um, as of the end of last year, uh, they tape live and stream and in the last month have
a TV deal every single Thursday for two hours of content.
Uh, they had a big camp weekend with a bunch of indie hopefuls and, uh, in the legacy,
like legacy, legacy, big tier names that were in for a whole weekend of training and had
events every single day, Thursday through Sunday.
Um, and that kind of inspired me to decide to get up and be part of the festivities.
So I have been working with them since, uh, I think it was the last week of March.
What are you doing?
Promotions?
Or do you, do you actually like commentate?
Cause your voice would be perfect.
I, uh, when we, when we've done that in testing, I can't keep up with the speech.
I, I've been so detached from wrestling that the detail is so hard for me to keep up with.
Video game commentating is a similar thing.
You have to practice and practice a lot.
Um, I chiefly have been doing audio production for them, so actually getting mixers and everything
else in order, working with the audio equipment they have.
I've made a couple donations of my own.
Yeah.
Considering that if the camera wasn't on, that was going to be the very first thing
I was going to come and do.
I was going to walk in and go, this sounds a little weird.
This sounds a little weird.
Okay.
Listen to it again later.
You can do it after the show.
You have free, you have free, you can, I will let, there's not a lot of people I will say
this to Jason, but you can touch things.
You can touch things after the show.
Shinies!
If Bobby Blackwoofer here, don't touch, don't touch that.
Don't touch that.
You can, you can touch your own show.
Go back to your Commodore.
Uh, I'm kidding.
I tease Bobby because I can and I know he's watching.
Um, so, uh, you would enjoy the, the wrestling stuff they do at the theater where we do Rocky
Horror.
I know I'm getting off base from video games, but whatever.
They do, they do like at the colonial, the colonial.
Yeah.
They do like a minor league wrestling thing.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah.
It's, it's not something I've obviously followed the big leagues.
I've gotten a little bit, especially into the Japanese promotions as they've kind of gained
prominence in the last couple of years.
Uh, if anybody happens to know the name Joey Ryan, uh, the Pornhub sponsored indie wrestler,
Dead Serious.
And yes, he has a themed signature move.
I was going to suggest on Bobby's show that they sponsor E3 because you know, if we're
looking for a new sponsor for E3, it would make the show much more enjoyable.
Pornhub put on E3?
They would get into it.
Oh my God.
They would absolutely get into it.
So many people would go.
Anyway.
Um, Joey Ryan.
CES is always the same time as the Adult Film Expo in Las Vegas.
So, you know, why not?
Is that the case?
Yeah.
I feel like one was January, one was February.
No, they're both January.
Well, I don't know.
One may have moved recently, but for a while they were around the same time.
Anyway.
Uh, Joey Ryan has, I don't know officially what he calls it, uh, come to think of it,
but, um, his competitor will ultimately wind up grabbing his dick and get suplexed with
it.
Woo.
He is the Pornhub sponsored wrestler.
He has a glorious porn stash.
He oils himself up in the ring.
He is, um, a character in the best possible ways of wrestling.
Okay.
So I just want to preface, I'm allowed to say this.
This is really gay.
Like what you're talking about.
I mean, it's men running around in their underwear, slamming people down to the floor.
So I just want to be clear.
We've come to, us fans have come to accept this.
You know, Dick's suplexes are something straight out of orgasm, which that is something that
needs a sequel, but you know, we're never going to get that.
We're going to Broadway play of that with a splash zone.
How about video?
Okay.
Look, I gotta bring, I gotta bring it back from Dick's suplexing to happily, uh, what
do you, you've been playing anything lately?
Um, in my abundance of free time, considering that every Thursday with two prior days of
the week of set up and then once a month, Thursday, Friday, Saturday again, and Sunday
next month.
And yeah, um, the, the, the cliff notes of the fun, exciting things is that I finally
got it, got around to playing Red Dead Redemption one.
Um, I finished that with 15 minutes left to go in 2018.
Um, I was starting between a friend, let me borrow Breath of the Wild.
And so I was kind of alternating Breath of the Wild and Red Dead Redemption two.
And then I just went all in on Red Dead or on Breath of the Wild.
I'm still working on that to this day, just kind of exploring the entirety of the universe.
I have all the divine beasts beaten and just having fun with everything.
There's a lot to explore, especially with the DLC.
And the hero path mode is like, uh, I, so when I, when a friend borrowed it, obviously
he let me have the cartridge.
Um, and then I wound up saying, yeah, I'm enjoying this and just buying it and I just
returned the cartridge from the other day.
But I did that with all the DLC and everything else.
And so now I have the ability to actually see everywhere I went and I'm like, and I
don't have to, was I in this part of the city?
Did I go to this forest?
This swamp?
This...
Do you do some of the VR stuff too?
I do not currently have VR.
I want it.
Um, there's a, there's a couple of VR installations in the Denver area of places that you can
go pay a, you know, a couple bucks for 30 minutes, half an, uh, 30 minutes is half an
hour, 30 minutes, hour, what have you.
Um, so I've, I've played a couple, I've seen a whole bunch.
Uh, I'm, I'm aware of it, but I don't personally have it in home yet.
I thought for some reason, did you have like Oculus at one point?
I played around with an Oculus at work and a previous previous employer.
Maybe that's what it is.
Um, the, uh, so yeah, that basically has been my year is been breath of the wild, very large.
A couple of things.
Ace combat seven came out and I fucking marched through that game and I enjoyed it.
Uh, really, really good.
OST I love, I love, I love
A lot about series on gaming podcasts and mainstream stuff, but obviously, and you know,
um, Zaku calls in once in a while and he talks about flight SIM games.
I don't know if Ace combat's really flight SIM, but certainly they close, close enough,
but more arcadey, which appeals a lot more to me.
Would it be accurate to say it's kind of like how, um, Gran Turismo is a driving SIM.
And so like you have a flight SIM, but then you have like, um, uh, initial D is more like
an arcadey racer.
And so split his combat, split the difference and call it burnout.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Burnout or what's, what's the new one they made dangerous driving, which I still have
to play that.
Yeah.
A lot of fun, little destruction, car racing offshoots in the last while I missed out entirely
on quest buster knows exactly this ACE combat series.
ACE combat definitely leans more towards being an arcade SIM.
Think of it as Daytona, but in the sky with missiles.
Yeah.
Well, as long as it has a rad song, I still, Oh man.
Um, I haven't listened to it in ages, but, um, other than that, I spend, uh, way too
much money and time at round one.
Cause we had, we've had one back home since 2017, but they're finally going to open the
one here in a couple of months.
Uh, it says 2020 now on the sign.
That's only fricking six, seven months away.
What are you guys worried about?
Cause you guys haven't been fortunate enough with Bahmani for the last fricking 15 years
or anything.
We still have to drive a little bit.
I mean, Oh, a little bit over to RV GL.
Oh, I thought you meant like, like, uh, well, and there was that too.
I, I remember when it was completely.
Is there a good, I don't know there's music games, RV GL, not anymore, but there was a
spotter for a while.
Really?
That was like two years ago.
But I was saying, um, you're thinking Scandia, I think.
Oh yeah, I am.
But anyway, uh, I just, I miss those days when it was like Friday after work, it's like,
Hey, let's be stupid and get in the car and go to arcade infinity.
We'll stay the night at motel six.
All right.
Yeah.
And then just, that was very informative for me in my teenage years.
Same when we fricking met, made this show and people were talking about distant worlds
cause it came through town just the other day.
I brought this up on the show.
Not that long ago.
I mentioned we went to that con.
That was my first, dear friends.
You were 18.
I was 18.
Oh my God.
How old are you now?
Yeah, I was 18 cause it was June, 2004 so I hadn't turned 19 yet.
How old are you now?
Uh, 33.
I will be 34 in two months.
Oh my God.
I know I'm the baby here.
Yeah.
My round one is fricking awesome.
They got dance rush a while ago and because it is a Japanese arcade, they continue to
get content updates, which is huge, huge in the modern, in the modern, uh, trend of Bimani
gaming.
Um, so a song, um, there's a pair of Swedish, I assume some European producers cause fricking
everybody electro is, is in Sweden, Norway, Europe, um, uh, named W and W that have some
big room electro songs that I really like.
And the dance rush content update has a song of W and W featuring Kitsune AI called the
light.
And I am hopelessly addicted to that song right now.
I have to listen to that.
Dance rush has a very small library, all things told, but it is the vast majority of it all
original.
It has some super good gyms.
The first versions of a game often do all of what?
Nine songs on DDR first or seven, six or seven.
I was like six or seven.
Yep.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, good catching up.
We should get back into our show role though, but, uh, always a, always a delight to have
you here on the show.
So you're, we're literally a stop for you on the way to the Bay area for your, your
all hands meeting, which was described in our chat.
What that means.
Cause when you have a lot of remote employees, you bring them all in once a year.
We have over, over half of the company is remote.
And while we communicate as well as we can there, it's always helpful to get people in
person on the same page, high bandwidth to have all of these water cooler conversations
and all these sorts of things that you can't do being remote.
And you don't, and you don't fly.
I do not fly.
So that's, that's why I was stuck in a, some kind of an animal incident up in Auburn.
That's why I wound up being later.
Everything.
There were like 10 or 11 emergency and service vehicles that cut through us up in Auburn.
You missed the crap that was going on down here earlier.
I think Waze was still using it cause I realized it didn't even have me.
It didn't even have me taking 50 anything like that.
Just got close and then just south all the way down here.
Did you leave Colorado this morning?
Uh, 7 PM yesterday.
Have you slept?
Two or three or four hours or something.
I nap on the way because charging takes a while.
Wow.
Wow.
Oh my gosh.
I'm feeling surprisingly good right now considering all of that.
You must be going to say what, you want coffee?
Bear in mind also the fact that I fell asleep before the end of the show last year when I did this.
So there's a very good chance, especially me on camera, I'll be like.
If you need to go sit in that comfy chair, put the mic down on the pillow if you're going to go to sleep.
All right.
Well anyway.
You'll just hear a boom.
Let's move on.
We got, we got some more video game news to cover.
It's great catching up Jason, but we do want to get, I mean, we didn't have a lot of emails tonight anyway, so it was good to use that time.
Do I catch up a little bit and talk about what's going on, but I think we got some more gaming news to cover.
So, uh, Loki, why don't we get back into it here and then we'll of course invite you guys to participate with us tonight as well.
Via Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
S2100 Matt says your third wind is kicking in.
Yeah.
Probably accurate right now.
Probably.
All right.
All right.
So apparently there's a video that's out there that's showing somebody running an Xbox emulator on the switch.
Uh, they're doing this with, um, apparently the L4, L4T Linux is running out and then they're running the, uh, XQMU Xbox emulator in there.
And of course it doesn't run great yet.
Um, the video is actually showing them running at about four, four times the speed.
And, uh, they've got, looks like, um, Jet Set Future on there and Halo I think was being shown as well.
Um, but it's running really slow, obviously, but neat that they're able to actually do something like this.
And apparently they're controlling right now with the PlayStation 4 controller.
So it's kind of amazing that you have, you know, an Nintendo system running an Xbox game using a PlayStation 4 controller.
So that's kind of crazy, but.
Hooray for Homebrew.
I kind of live for that kind of irony though.
You got to, I, I, I do love it only, only in hacker culture.
And then throw in a dash of a week or two story of the, the Ruby, uh, executor environment in the last week or two that I remember seeing in the show roll.
Yeah.
Well, you know, do you think this is going to add fuel to the, uh, Microsoft and Nintendo are getting in bed together at E3 rumors?
Well, I don't know about that.
I know this is all unofficial, obviously that's important, but it kind of shows that, well, if they want to run Microsoft stuff on the Switch, they probably could.
Well, not natively, I would think.
That's true.
All right, well, moving on to talk about something that is pretty exciting as far as accessibility is concerned over in the Microsoft world.
Uh, Microsoft has recently submitted a patent that shows that there is a braille accessory coming for their Xbox controller.
Um, not that every patent always necessarily becomes an actual product, but it certainly has a lot of people thinking, wouldn't it be neat if it could?
Uh, and Microsoft has certainly listened to a lot of calls out there for accessibility and adding that to their system, especially the adaptive controller.
A lot of people have been talking about that recently, right?
Um, so this new patent submission shows braille, and it's haptic braille support, so I guess that means it's kind of using the little taps like you might have on some of the newer phones, uh, to kind of feel a little bit more like braille.
And it looks like the way it is on the controller, it's kind of on the back, so like you might be holding the controller and then as your hands are kind of on the back of the controller, it might be actually tapping the braille, uh, that you want to read there in the back.
So that's kind of neat.
What's interesting about that picture, as far as I remember braille, characters are never more than four dots high, although it's interesting that that one only has three, and then the two columns left and right.
I think it's always a six dot configuration for braille. I think.
Doesn't sound right to me, but I also don't know braille, so.
Um, let's see, so also in the patent it talks about, although the gaming industry has made some progress towards improving a game's general accessibility, a need remains for improved game controllers and accessories that address the very specialized manner in which visually impaired or blind users interact with video games.
Uh, and so they talked about that the controller would have various adaptations that provide alternative input and outputs to facilitate gameplay by sight impaired or blind users, as well as other users' knowledge of braille.
And I think what's most important about this whole, and I'm obviously I'm saying this very tongue in cheek, y'all, because I don't want to lessen the, the amazing news that this is.
But I do notice in the patent, the game that is being played has some sort of cat on the stream and it says, want to play?
So it's like a cat simulator game, I guess, and I would assume that want to play is what's coming through in the braille.
For an input like that, you basically do have to re-explore how information is conceived entirely, so that's probably like Tamagotchi-esque, like something very simple call and response.
This is your status information about your virtual pet that you need to take care of.
So, I mean, I can sit here and go, wow, that's neat.
You know, we need more accessibility options for folks, but I would really love to.
And I know we have a couple of folks out there who are blind or other otherwise visually impaired who listen to the show since, you know, it's been a podcast for years and years.
I would so love to hear what your guys' thoughts are on this.
Like, if this is something that you think is really going to impact you, I would really love to hear your thoughts on this.
And, you know, again, we don't have confirmation for Microsoft that this is coming, and I think we don't want to get our hopes up too much.
But it is really cool that at least they're thinking about it.
So, you know, and putting their feelers out there to possibly have something like that in the future.
So, as always, you can always send your e-mails.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com or your tweets over at O-L-R.
So, yeah, and ACTF says Microsoft is really cool with all the accessibility stuff.
So, and Bobby.
Eight.
Huh?
Oh, you saw the question from Bobby?
Yep. I'm staring at it. Had to mental map it.
One didn't know how many superchargers on the way here.
Like I said, considering that all of the meaningful charging, especially across the wide sprawl of the open western U.S., you get longer charge times at each of those.
So, 30-plus minutes and just kind of knock out, wake up, unplug, get to it again.
Okay. Wow. I'd be so dead tired. But anyways. But, you know.
I'm so dead tired. But I'm here and it's happy and I'm settled.
That's right. We are happy to have you.
All right. Moving on. Loki, what do you have for us?
All right. So, Nintendo has apparently shut down their anti-piracy website.
So, it looks like last time.
Which means piracy for everybody.
Yes. That means it's open season for piracy, apparently.
Obviously, it is very much.
I like how the website, though, had like an angry face Mario on there. Like, he's very annoyed.
Like, how dare you?
Love ROMs is gone. We win. It's over.
How dare you do that?
But, yeah. So, no word on what exactly it means. All that we know.
The angry face was specifically in response to the Commodore 64 port. Specifically.
Yeah. So, originally, the site was ap.nintendo.com.
But now just redirects to nintendo.com. So.
Oh, well. Guess it's piracy season now.
I think maybe it was more. It probably just wasn't getting a lot of traffic.
And they kind of realized maybe the time it would spend to update that site.
Well, it looks like, yeah, the last few updates, press release updates, were like from over a year ago.
So.
The key thing is that Reggie was actually running that whole site himself.
So, when he left, it was done for. That's what really happened, honestly.
No, I'm just, I'm obviously making that up.
Anyway.
Let's move on and talk a little bit about.
Oh, this was interesting because this was put in our Discord server this week.
And I thought it was an interesting story.
So, I wanted to talk a little bit about this which has to do with EA.
And talking about how the way that they've been releasing games may not be the way they're going to do that anymore.
Because they're stupid?
Well, here's the thing. I kind of think they're missing the obvious issues.
But let's talk about it.
So, they had their financial results call.
So, that's a thing that the companies usually do is they have to answer to their stockholders because they are, you know, publicly traded companies.
So, they had to talk about Anthem and how it didn't live up to expectations.
But EA did reaffirm support for the game and for BioWare.
So, they didn't come out on the call and say, we're closing BioWare next month.
Which is a good thing. We don't want them.
We don't want as much shit as we've given Anthem. We don't want to see that happen.
Unlike every other studio in BioWare, anyways.
It was some of the other interesting comments here.
CEO Andrew Wilson said during the call, the reality is it's not just an EA challenge.
It's an industry-wide challenge.
You're moving from what was initially a BioWare game, which would be somewhere between 40 and 80 hours of offline play,
to 40 to 80 hours of offline play plus 100 or 200, 300 hours of elder game that happens with millions of other players at scale online.
So, we're kind of talking about that always online and end game and all that stuff.
As games have gotten bigger, that system isn't working as well as it has been done in years gone by.
So, what you should expect from us is that it's not just about changing the development processes in the game.
It's not just about changing the QA processes in the game.
Although both those things are being changed dramatically inside our organization right now.
But it also comes down to changing how we launch games.
You should expect that we'll start to test things like soft launches.
The same things that you see in the mobile space right now.
And it also comes down to changing how we communicate with players.
Our entire marketing organization now is moving out of presentation mode and into conversation mode.
And changing how we interact with players over time.
See, I do think there's some good things in there. I do.
I do think the fact that he says conversation versus presentation, I think that's important.
Because that's showing that you're starting to realize that your fan base isn't stupid.
Yeah, it seems like they're taking some good steps towards writing everything.
But then I remembered it's EA, so nothing's gonna fucking change.
Well, we'll see. We'll see.
But I want to continue on here.
We think that we're in a really good position for this.
I think it gets really hard if you don't have scale to do this.
And so we feel very good about it.
And over time we hope that we can lead from the front and help other developers and publishers change the way they do things as well.
I get a little nervous about EA talking about leading the pack when I feel like in many ways they're struggling right now.
Versus some of these other...
You talk about, oh, the mobile games are doing the launches more correctly, which I'm not really sure what that means.
A soft launch for mobile games?
Obviously I think about big launches like Pokemon Go and how that actually kind of...
In the beginning it struggled a little bit with the server issues.
Then it was the biggest fucking thing video gaming had seen in ten years.
I know it's a crazy idea, but how about we just release the game when it's done?
That would certainly be...
Also, with the soft launch, I also kind of feel like...
Isn't that also kind of where Anthem shot itself in the foot and where Mass Effect Andromeda shot itself in the foot?
By coming out a little early on those EA Access platforms, all the warts were on full display.
Yeah, and you know why though? Because EA needs the extra money.
You see, they don't really have to offer that type of service on EA Access, but that's what makes EA Access a little bit more appealing to certain people.
But they want the extra money so they don't give a shit.
Oh, by the way, since you brought it up, EA Access is going to be coming to the PlayStation 4 finally in July for $30 a year,
which is the same as what they're charging on Xbox One.
We don't know exactly what titles are on it, but we would just assume that there's going to be a lot of parallels to the Xbox One version of the service,
where this has existed for a while.
And they even mentioned that along with the back catalog of EA titles that's available in these games,
you also get the Play First Trials, hence what we saw Anthem and some of these other games that I'm not sure went so well for EA.
So I think it's important that they kind of talk a little more, I think, what maybe a soft launch means to them. I'm not sure.
Beta test first.
Well, act deft in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vlog network says, basically, we're going to launch games in beta phase and let the consumer be our beta testers.
Maybe that's what they're saying. I don't know.
Well, it's because also, you know, these platforms, I think, also have the ability now to do this kind of early access bullshit where they actually label these games early access.
So they release some unfinished as they do now, but just, you know, calling the unfinished.
Questbuster in chat says this might be me, but it sounds a lot like EA's throwing a lot of smoke and mirrors and answering the question on Anthem,
because games that follow a similar pattern like the Division 2 and Monster Hunter World didn't seem to have that issue.
Good call out.
Anthem clearly had issues, and the caller was asking about the issues of perception that were connected to Anthem.
So it is interesting. I kind of like the way you phrased that, Questbuster, because it kind of makes it sound like the CEO kind of had his canned response ready to go,
knowing that he'd kind of be called out, and it's like he had to get this canned response.
He had to get that out at some point.
I mean, I hate to make a Drag Race reference, but I'm going to.
It's like sometimes Queens flounder in the Snatch Game, like Evie Oddly did, because they have certain things they have to get out,
and so they'll put it out there when maybe it doesn't necessarily make sense in connection with the joke.
That happens sometimes with these CEOs and so forth, so it was like he wanted to respond to this,
and so maybe he took this question and kind of gave this completely out of the blue answer to kind of explain why.
Well, we see it as a problem with the industry as a whole. It's not really Anthem's problem. It's the industry's problem.
It's like we had to get that blame out there at some point.
I made that point years ago on this show. I don't even remember when. It was easily three to four years.
And it was an easy prediction because of the capabilities that Xbox Live really spearheaded,
and we now see on every single system, Switch included, that, yeah, subscription updates, all of this stuff.
No game is ever finished. Ever. There's always something that wasn't accounted for.
There's always something that they had to scrap for time reasons, and they revisited and resolved.
Or sometimes it's fun to revisit things. World of Goo just got that update like ten years later, right?
We talked about that on last week's show.
I actually overlooked that news. But yeah, I remember playing World of Goo in frickin' 05.
That'd be more than ten years. I wonder if that year is actually accurate.
But I remember how, yeah, I realize how old that game is.
It's not, with the proliferation of services, with the adoption of subscriptions,
with the rising capabilities of what we have in our living rooms, on our computers, everything else now,
it's not a surprise that in a grab for time and attention,
that they're going to make something with more replayability, the entropy of other individuals,
and stick you in a world with other people and let you make your own destiny,
because people like making their own decisions in as much as a game allows them to.
It's not a surprise that we find ourselves here now.
And so there's truth to what he said in broad strokes. I actually paid no attention to Anthem.
And I'm not completely dogging on what he's saying.
Like I said, there's some pieces in there that I do think are relatively woke for a CEO.
You know, all of these, like the whole, we need to change the way we're marketing games.
Yes, you do. That's a great place to start. Let's start there.
So, you know, we'll see what develops. E3 is going to be very interesting.
EA will have a chance to show how they're going to sell games in the future with what they're doing in LA during E3 week.
Even if they're not participating in the game direct or in the show directly,
they've got their own parallel thing going on and games that they're going to be showing for this year.
It will be very interesting to see how that message is relayed.
So speaking of grabbing for content, grabbing for attention from gamers,
like there's only so many people they can cram into a physical space.
But if they have the venue, they create the rules for everything they want to do.
That's right. All right. Let's move on.
Just a couple more stories before we open it up to potentially anybody that wants to call in on our discord.
So vog network dot com slash discord. But before we get there, Loki.
So there was an estate sale for someone that was a former employee of Dick Animation City,
who did a lot of what did you call that?
I'm just kidding. Yeah, that's what they know.
I remember that I never had a little animation.
Yes. So they did lots of like your favorite cartoons like Inspector Gadget, the real Ghostbusters, you know, the Super Mario Brothers Super Show type stuff.
So they're a part of the Super Mario Brothers Power Hour.
They had several different concepts that never really made it into actual cartoons, but they had promo art for.
And these were actually sold during that estate sale.
So some of the things that we see here, there is going to be an adaption for Double Dragon,
which was actually looks a little bit better than what actually came out.
They were going to do California games, which looks a lot of a stretch.
Castlevania, which looks goddamn terrible, has nothing to do with Castlevania and more to do with like monsters and some kids.
I was I was just going to say.
That reminds me of zombies ate my neighbors more than. Yeah.
And then Metroid with a male Samus Aran.
What is Jake? Jake Space Man.
Somebody clearly did not play the game when they designed the cartoon or they were about to make a very, very, very poor decision.
Can you imagine if they tried to just suddenly make Sam comment?
That was just but that was like such an epic ending of a game to find out that, you know, this bad ass, you know, I kind of broke the trope and it made the bad ass hero a female, which is which is a great thing.
So I just like the fact that somebody would have the audacity to change it to a dude.
I would like to think it comes from a place of complete ignorance about the game and what they're really doing, which, you know, was the norm when it came to Hollywood and video games for a very long time.
And, you know, funny that we're sitting here this week talking about Detective Pikachu and how Detective Pikachu kind of got a lot of things right.
But because I bet a lot of the people that made Detective Pikachu probably grew up on Pokemon in a very different place now.
And there was a lot of, you know, the the lore or what have you that was respected as opposed to changing things for the sake of change.
So Quest Buster in chat says, I, too, am hoping that the version of Metroid came from a place of complete ignorance.
I, I would honestly bet money it did.
It was probably just an idea to like pitch stuff to Nintendo.
I'm sure that they, you know, denied.
Metroid probably looked at that. I'm sorry. Nintendo probably looked at that Metroid thing and went, how about no.
Metroid and the secret of the ooze.
Given that, that, that boogery oozy typeface.
Is that Ridley or something? I don't know. Anyway.
I think it's just one of the Chozo type, I don't know.
Orange Wright does point out that the Double Dragon one looks better than the cartoon that actually came out for that.
That one looks authentic. California Games isn't terrible. I don't like the characters are nondescript.
Considering that California Games doesn't exactly have a huge lore behind it, I guess that would be a hard one to fuck up.
Dude's on the beach, bro.
That's what, it would be a totally like 90s, like everybody talking like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
But real people.
It would be like American Gladiator season one and Malibu.
Double Dragon does look pretty awesome. Like I would have preferred that to anything Double Dragon we've received so far.
Alright. Well, one more story for you guys and it has to do with another classic.
And funny enough, it's a classic we just talked about last week.
When Bobby gave us that little guest spot in the middle of our show last week.
Showing you Dragon's Lair that was ported to the TI 99 4A.
Well, that's not the only port of Dragon's Lair that we're talking about this month.
Because Dragon's Lair the trilogy is coming to the Xbox One.
That's right. And honestly, my first reaction was it wasn't already there.
But no, apparently it is not.
Dragon's Lair, Dragon's Lair 2, Time Warp.
And you might be wondering, there was a third Dragon's Lair game?
No, but there was Space Ace.
And it usually gets looped in with the Dragon's Lair games because they were all Don Bluth animated games after all.
Well, it's Brain Dev 13.
Thank you. Yes, it was on PC compendiums.
And I'm so sad that they are not bringing that.
I used to really like the characters in there.
Is it a different publisher that ultimately put out those games?
I don't know. I haven't played it since the mid-late 90s.
I think it was. But anyway, the games have been remastered and updated for modern audiences.
God, did they re-run it in 4K? I don't know.
But anyway, considering they're all hand drawn, it does still look really good.
I'm actually not dogging this whatsoever.
It's just kind of one of those, like, okay, here we go.
I thought we already had Dragon's Lair on every platform possible.
And then last week it was, nope, not the TI 99 4A.
And then it's, okay, that's funny because that was from the 80s and that takes a lot of work.
And now it's like, oh no, they don't have all the new ones taken care of either.
So I think it's pretty cool.
Now, I would love it if they would bring back some of the other ports of these games.
There was a Commodore 64 port of these games. It was completely unlike the arcade games.
I mean, it had some of the scenes inspired from the arcade.
But the chiptune music in Dragon's Lair was so fucking good.
I really can't overstate it.
Anyway, Dragon's Lair trilogy will be out on Xbox One on May 17th.
And I love this.
Would you like the current list of platforms that Dragon's Lair is available on?
Yes, you do.
Dragon's Lair, currently available on PC, Atari ST, Halcyon, Laser Interactive, Mega CD, Jaguar CD, 3DO, DVD,
Blu-ray, CD-i, NES, SNES, Game Boy Color, PS3, Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Wii, ZX Spectrum,
Commodore 64, Amstrad, CPC, 464, Nintendo DSi, and iOS and Android devices.
They left off TI-99-4A. I'm going to send an angry email.
NES?
Well, here's the thing. The NES and Commodore 64 is in there too.
They weren't exactly direct ports of the arcade game.
Yeah, I know that was a dramatic down sample that the SNES version did.
But I didn't know anything proficient in that.
Brandon 13 did get ported over to iOS, so it's on mobile on the Apple side of the house.
But that was in 2010, so who knows if that actually...
Yeah, it says December 1st of 2010, they added support for iOS 3 and 4.2.
So most likely it doesn't work anymore and it's probably not.
That's beyond so many architectural barriers.
Oh, it might be shut out on that whole 32-bit to 64-bit thing. I don't know.
And it's not even iOS 4 compatible. It won't even have that tag on its page.
Bobby Blackwell says the Dragon's Lair on the NES and SNES was a side-scrolling platformer.
Yeah, I vaguely remember this.
Like the Commodore 64 one, I remember the very first sequence was on a falling platform
and there was wind that was trying to blow you off the platform.
So it wasn't like the arcade game. You had to run in the opposite direction of the wind.
And it was really hard. Those games were fucking hard.
But anyway.
Yeah, Dartusius says NES Dragon's Lair was awful.
But these are going to be ports of the straight-up arcade version because it's very easy.
The animation, the reference version.
It's very easy to port that now with Blu-ray.
Let's play a movie and drop in input checkmarks.
I love that that type of stuff is fully playable on DVD and Blu-ray players.
It's kind of neat. Anyway.
Alright, we are going to open up our Discord channel for your calls.
So we're available right now over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Or if you want, you can ask us questions in chat. We're open there as well.
Our chat room, of course, at twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
If you have anything you want to talk about that we haven't got to yet tonight.
Did you have any last-minute stories?
Not much, but there's a neat video of somebody that's recreating Melger Solid in Dreams.
It's too bad I never did get into it.
When's Dreams come out already? I so want to check this out.
I don't know.
It's been in closed beta. Now it's not under NDA anymore.
This game is going to be talked to death before it ever comes out.
I really hope they get that out soon.
Sometime this year.
Okay.
It's coming out in 2019.
I was going to say maybe we'll get an update at E3, but at the same time I actually don't think we will.
Because Sony's not going to be there.
And this is from Media Molecules, essentially a Sony studio, right?
Yep. Yeah.
So I guess unless they put out a state of play around the same time or something else that they might have planned.
I don't know if we're going to see that.
Certainly exclusive enough. A little bit planned. It didn't exactly go much further than PS3, PS4, Vita, PSP.
So anyway, I think I do see somebody that just landed in our green room there, so let's bring them on the air.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's going on? It's Rama. How is everybody tonight?
Hey, we're doing good, Rama. How are you doing?
Good, good. I'm hoping now that I try and Discord on my desktop again, we won't run into any issues the first few times I've called in.
You sound just fine. What's on your mind tonight?
Cool. Let me ask you something. This is something that came up on my Twitter feed briefly last week.
And I just had this confused look on my face of what is wrong with this current generation of gamers.
Now, let me ask you. When it comes to spoilers, what is the general moratorium on how long you should wait before you talk about spoilers in the game?
I think you need to consider your audience is very important. Just consider who it is you're talking to and, you know, have they recently had an opportunity to see it yet?
It's kind of like, I guess with the Avengers, I guess even the directors came out and said, after this weekend, you can talk spoilers.
Because they knew they had that Spider-Man trailer that was going to come out that Monday that has a major spoiler for Endgame right in the first 30 seconds of the trailer.
So they, I guess, had their own reasons for doing that. But I think it just kind of depends on your audience.
I would say honestly, like, also, it depends on if the game takes a while to beat, but maybe like six weeks.
But I don't know if there is just a hard line. I think you just have to kind of like consider your audience and just be like, hey, have you played that game yet? No?
Okay, well, then I won't ruin it for you. But, you know, it's kind of like, I would bet that most of our audience probably saw Detective Pikachu this weekend.
But I think there's at least one or two who didn't. And so I don't want to ruin it for him.
I would love to talk spoilers, because there are some things I really want to say about it. But I'm just, I'm, my need to talk about it does not outweigh the rights of those who haven't seen it yet to be genuinely delighted like I was with some of the twists.
Okay, all right. And I totally get where you're coming from. And I understand that. Six weeks? Yeah, I can see that. Now, what about if the period's about, oh, 20 years?
That's, that's a little extreme. Because I think at this point, I mean, movies that are that old, we spoil left and right, you know?
Okay, guess what, everybody? Luke is Darth Vader's son. I get it right? I can't even remember.
You know, the sled was called Rosebud. Oh, my God. Right? Like, you know, those types of things, I think people kind of are a little more open about at this point.
Okay, so yeah, 20 years. That's a bit much. It's in some ways, it's kind of like, well, what were you waiting for? The plane came down safely, an airplane?
Is somebody mad because you talked about the Final Fantasy 7 trailer and was like, hey, Aerith dies?
Thank you. That's what I was going to. This was with a friend of mine. She was tweeting about the fact that there are people complaining about the death of Aerith.
And I'm just like, it's 20 years. But I get it to a certain extent, because years ago, I was part of like the big, one of the big Sailor Moon live journal groups dating myself here.
Hi. But I talked about the death of one of the Senshi Minako, and people were giving me crap for it. But I'm like, it's been six months since the show was on the air.
Also, I would argue sometimes it's not necessarily about the spoiler itself, like a big twist like that, that like Aerith dies, but about the journey that we take to get there.
And I think especially when it comes to the remake, we're all assuming she dies. Who's to say they're not going to take some massive...
And I know y'all are looking at me like I'm fucking crazy, but we've also made those same jokes at the same time about the DLC to keep her alive.
How do you know there won't be something to maybe bring her back later on as a response to a big fan movement or something like that?
We all assume we know how it's going to go down. How do we know she doesn't die in a different manner? Or they make subtle changes?
Look at a movie like A Star is Born, right? They have made that movie four times. There was the original in the 30s, there's the Judy Garland version, there's the Barbra Streisand version, and now there's the Lady Gaga version.
Essentially, that movie is pretty much the same plot. So I could tell you, I'm still going to be polite to those that maybe aren't aware that there is a big twist at the end of the movie.
I'm not going to say what happens, but it's kind of been that same twist in all four iterations of A Star is Born. However, how it goes down has been different every time and how the movie ultimately ends as a result.
Okay, that makes sense. Now, to put on the whole aspect of Aeris DLC, now if I remember correctly, when Final Fantasy VII did come to the US, there were some changes and basically, if you wanted to play as Aeris, you needed an action replay to do so.
Whereas I believe in the Japanese version, not so much. So I could see them pulling some type of plot twist where, oh, she is alive, but she ends up dying towards the end of the game or something like that.
I could see Square Enix being a bag of dicks doing that.
And by the way, I just want to point out, because our chat room is kind of talking about this and talking about Game of Thrones, which we all know is the same time as OLR, only one more week do I have to deal with the ratings drop because Game of Thrones.
The last season has been kind of, eh, anyway.
I heard last week's episode was not good, but people are still watching tonight for whatever reason.
I'm going to, it's two more episodes and then that's it.
But here's my point. Here's my point. I'm not knocking Game of Thrones. Those of you that are into it, cool. I think that's great. I'm really glad you're still here in spite of that being on right now.
But the chat room is completely right. People have no respect for Game of Thrones spoilers on social media.
And for me, it's RuPaul's Drag Race. It's the exact same thing.
I have been spoiled on every episode of RuPaul's Drag Race because of social media.
And people always say to me, like, well, why don't you just stay off social media then?
And I'm like, you know, like, kind of fuck you. I use social media for more than just RuPaul's Drag Race.
And like, it's like, I can't help the fact I live on the West Coast, so I can't watch it at the same time.
It's not on, I mean, I could find an internet piracy stream, but you know, it's just, you know, you go on social media, you're going to get spoiled.
But does it ruin Drag Race? Does it ruin Game of Thrones if you find out that, well, I don't even want to say.
Like, there's a massive spoiler in the first season, and somebody who's known for dying a lot dies again in the first season.
Most people generally know that by now. I'm sorry if I ruined it for you, but if you haven't watched the first season at this point, you're not going to.
So, what you're saying is Kenny dies again?
Yeah, it's only that. So, my point is, is that going to ruin the entire series?
I mean, if it's a good show, it's not going to totally ruin it. Not that I think you should go around screaming these spoilers at the top of your lungs, but, you know.
You know, and you're right. Now, I have this thing called spoilers. I'm the type of person where, I don't care if you spoil it or not, I already know ahead of time if I'm going to watch it or not.
But don't bring it to my social media about spoilers because you don't know who will be, who I follow will see that. Directly send it to me.
And I understand about respecting of spoilers. Yes, you got those people who will spoil regardless. And then you got those, it happens purely by accident.
And then when you see people about to talk about it, they give you this fair warning.
Now, I understand that if you don't want to be spoiled, that you should go off of social media. And I understand from a business point of view, it's something you really can't do.
But it's like, at what point do you say, you know, I'm going to take a walk or no, you should take a walk, yada, yada, yada.
Because I know with Avengers Endgame, let's just say there were death threats going across my feed left and right. And I'm sitting in the chair eating Doritos just seeing how this plays out.
Because I have actually seen people block and unfriend each other over this. And I understand how big Marvel movies are.
But I'm like, are you really saying that this movie is so important means so much to you that you're going to get upset over a spoiler, and what could have been like a 15 year friendship over it?
Here's, here's the thing, I'm gonna and I'm going to kind of wrap it up on this and I want to make sure we have some time to get some of our other callers, as much as I enjoy talking to you, Rama.
I think when it comes to spoilers, another very important thing to do is just consider your audience. Like, you know, I'm sitting here doing this podcast, and I kind of realized, you know, it's probably not the right time for me to talk about Detective Pikachu yet, because not a lot of people have seen it.
But probably about the time Detective Pikachu is no longer in theaters. I'm going to probably be, you know, those people that cared enough about spoilers went and saw the movie when they had the chance in theaters.
So now maybe I'm going to talk about it, but I'm still going to be considerate and say, hey, spoiler, I'm going to, you know, even when we do talk about spoilers for Detective Pikachu, or whatever it is, I keep using that as an example, I'm going to say, hey, real quick, I want to talk about Detective Pikachu spoilers.
So if you like still didn't see it, because you're waiting for Netflix or something like fast forward 30 seconds, you know, or whatever it is, just consider your audience and just, you know, have have five seconds of consideration.
But at the same time, you have to show show a little leeway for movies and games and other medias that have been out for 20 years, because there comes a point where it's like, if you're not going to watch it or play it, and you still haven't, then you're clearly not going to
deal.
Do you guys know the hobbits took the ring to Mordor?
They made it to Mordor, toss it in the river.
What?
What?
Smog died.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to go to another call.
Rama, it's great to hear from you, as always, though.
Always.
Take care, y'all.
Hey, you gonna watch the Ingress anime?
As soon as Netflix drops it, yes, I've been a good anime fan.
I haven't been going through alternate means to watch it.
I've been waiting.
Rama, it's on there now.
It dropped a week and a half ago.
Oh, shit.
Do you know what?
I watched part of it earlier this week, so yeah, it's on there.
Bye, my friend.
Bye.
All right.
Let's get to another call.
I did not like it.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is SSJ1 German.
Hey, it's great to hear from you, buddy.
What's up?
Not much.
I wanted to call in and talk about the loot box situation that's going on.
Please.
What's your perspective on all this?
So, I think a lot of companies have kind of like done a lot better job with handling
loot boxes.
Like, Overwatch kind of, it's mostly just skins and everything, and everybody's just
trying to transition because they know something like what's being proposed in the Senate could
happen.
EA, on the other hand, relies heavily on the loot box stuff with their sport games.
Primarily like with FIFA, Madden, and I think also with, but also with like with NHL.
Yup.
It's called Ultimate Team.
Yup.
Yup.
Where you're pretty much, you're buying packs to get players to build a team, and there's
like boosted players, there's periodic different players coming in and out, and you're basically
use these players to go up against other people.
I swear to God, if you're an executive at EA and you're not working on a contingency
plan for what happens if the plug gets pulled on loot boxes legally tomorrow, you shouldn't
be an executive getting paid that kind of salary at EA.
Like I really think like these folks have a responsibility.
I mean, you know, sure, they can think about how to milk this loot box thing for all it's
worth, but you have to have a little bit of fucking foresight.
And if what's going on here isn't a wake up call for you to figure out how you're going
to, I don't know, make money and whether that be that you just put out good games or you
think about a way to rope people in with subscription, maybe, you know, sports things
go to EA play.
I don't know.
There's a million things.
But like if you're at EA and you're an executive and you're not thinking about what am I going
to do if this loot box thing goes away tomorrow, then like you kind of deserve to fail.
Like I know it sounds really harsh, but you've got to be thinking a few steps ahead because
it's very possible that this could change.
And I don't think that anything I proposed a little bit ago about make it a little bit
harder to spend the money so that people are still able to spend money, I don't think
is as harsh of a all of a sudden these companies are going to lose so much money as as people
might think when I say that.
It's always funny playing picking up stuff on on the Xbox with games with gold because
you go to an Xbox one title get it's mine.
Admittedly, I have an active subscription.
So this point kind of falls flat.
But you're in the you're in the Microsoft store on the Xbox one.
You go to games with gold.
You pick up the Xbox one games, tap, get done.
And then since they still have their 360 compatibility layer, it's always a funny reminder when I
still have to explicitly put in my passphrase that changes that cognitive load just a little
bit out of the process as well.
And admittedly, this is, you know, me, me, myself and Irene that I'm talking about.
Not Princess Irene.
She has been on the show forever.
I miss her.
And talking about little me and nothing else, but like mobile.
Yeah, anything I say is going to be rehashing what you're saying.
Yes, there are parental controls.
Yes, there are ways of doing prepaid cards.
So you can't run up frickin thousands of dollars of charges.
Plenty of banking options for for kids to learn what money actually is when it's not
counting dollar bills anymore.
Let me ask this question, Matt.
And I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to do this with a great thing we do in the corporate
world, which is don't bring me problems.
Bring me solutions.
Right.
We've all heard that in the corporate world.
Right.
So what I'm saying is maybe you don't have an answer for this, Matt, and it's OK.
How do you think the industry fixes this problem?
Well, I think a lot of companies have kind of like tried to do like the best that they
can.
But I think with like the issue with like, yay, what they're going to have to do is like
right now, you know, like the little bit of research I did before this call, yay, with
the ultimate team revenue that they get is about eight hundred million dollars.
So they're going to like try everything possible to try to avoid, you know, this happening.
But in the cases where last year there was a lawsuit in Belgium over these loot boxes
being considered gambling, EA ended up settling with that.
And what they did in Belgium, all the Belgian players who play FIFA, they can't purchase
points with real money.
They have to earn that money in game and they just flipped it off.
It's so interesting how many corporations and that's why I say like you kind of you
kind of pick and choose what, you know, what losses you're willing to take to still be
able to make the money.
And so many country or excuse me, so many gaming companies wrote off Belgium.
That's what's happened.
That's what so many gaming companies, they've just written off Belgium.
Well, we just can't make money that way in Belgium anymore.
Just wrote it off.
And like real quickly, my possible idea for how they would like try to like get around
this or like try to fix it is that they would maybe kind of do like what Fortnite does and
have like a rotating, you know, skin thing where it's like every 12 hours a new skin
will be out or like if in this case with EA Sports games, a player will be available.
A special player will be available and you can only get that with money purchased like
that.
So you don't have to take out the randomness, but just like you have yourself to spend money,
real money to just buy that player.
Heroes of the Storm and League of Legends are actually, that's kind of like what they
do.
Like you have like a rotating roster of free heroes and they rotate, but if you decide
you like one, you can kind of pay either the gold that you did a lot of grinding in game
to earn or you just, hey, you can spend real money on some gems and use the gems to buy
the hero.
So it's funny that you mentioned that because that is kind of the way that like League of
Legends or something works and they don't seem to be in as much hot water as certain
other games.
So be interesting.
And I think that's like the, that's the little loophole that I think a lot of companies are
going to have to do.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, great, great topic, Matt.
I appreciate your insight.
I'm going to let you go so we can squeeze in one more call, but thanks so much for the
call.
Okay.
Sure thing.
Thanks.
Yeah, no problem.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Let's bring in one more call and we will say hello.
Hi, you're on Orange Songs Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is PixelPakas.
It is so good to hear from you, PixelPakas.
What's on your mind?
So, um, I just wanted to talk a bit about Dreams and like some of the questions you
had in this show in the last episode.
Please do.
When do I get to play it?
When do I get to play it?
I mean, that's the question that's been up and is still not answered, but supposedly
it will come out in full complete form later this year, but there's no month or anything
even.
But what I think is interesting and what I kind of learned by watching some of the Media
Molecule live streams is basically they're treating the current version that's out right
now on PS4 as like the game is out.
The creation tools are basically all there already.
They may tweak some stuff and fix bugs, but as far as the creation aspect of the game
is concerned, they feel like that's a 1.0 that's out now, that's ready for everyone.
What they're working on still is actually a single player mode and also VR, a VR version
of Dreams, which is not ready yet.
And I wonder if there isn't, you know, sort of some asset to having the creation tools
out there in advance so that when the game launches, they're going to be able to say
over 5,000 games already available or whatever the number is, obviously I'm pulling that
out of my ass, but basically by allowing people to create and kind of use that now, you know,
they're going to be able to come out and say, we've already have all these games in Dreams.
So if you plunk down the 60 bucks to pick this game up, you're going to get access to
all of this.
And that's, well, I think they also want to know what kind of things people are doing
with the game so they could figure out what tools to make to enhance levels galore.
You get a penis and you get a penis.
That's what it's, it's art on, on video game stuff.
Of course there's going to be that.
Come on.
Sure.
Sounds an awful lot like a soft launch.
This game is going to be a flop.
That was a triple entendre I just pulled there.
Um, what was I going to say with all of that?
Damn it.
Damn you.
Um, Oh, I was going to, I was actually going to say hopefully like little big planet, there'll
be a Parker Posey level cause to this, to this day, that's my favorite level they ever
came out with in little big planet.
Somebody did a shrine to Parker Posey and you just unlocked all these Parker Posey stickers
and things like that.
Man.
Little big planet was such a great fucking little big planet was a great.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
I know.
I, I, I am always like, I miss it and I wish they'd put out another one.
It's like, Oh, that's kind of what they're doing with dreams.
I never did play through three so I still could do that because it's in my library.
Why not?
Why not?
And let me ask this, uh, pixel pockets, have you, have you gotten your hands on, uh, dreams
yet?
Are you playing it?
Yes, I am.
Um, I've mostly actually been sort of playing other people's stuff.
Um, I went through like the tutorials that they give you for how to create things, but
I'm not really, I don't have a vision in my head of like what I could create.
So I've just been sort of sampling everyone else's stuff.
Uh huh.
Um, they have this fun mode that's kind of like channel surfing basically, where you
just sort of go through a level of someone's game and go to another level of someone else.
You just sort of check out different stuff.
Um, and I've been having a lot of fun with that actually.
Just that component I feel is worth it to me personally, just to see what weird shit
people are making because you know, it's not all games.
Some people have made like little movies or music videos or some sort of artwork that
they're displaying and you can kind of look around and walk through.
You know, Mario Maker's kind of done that too.
Like the majority of what you see in Mario Maker are Mario levels.
And of course you see the hell levels, asshole Mario type of stuff.
But then you have those Mario levels that are like, this Mario level plays itself and
as it plays itself, it plays a song.
And I remember that was a big thing in Little Big Planet too, as you hop in the car and
it will like just zoom through the level and play a song as you're zooming through.
So it is interesting to see how people kind of use that toolbox.
And I think, you know, the, the general consensus that we're coming up with here is kind of
on the head is that the creators kind of want to see what that looks like as well.
So maybe they know how to market their game a little bit, but let me ask you this before
we let you go so we can wrap up what, give us an example of one thing that you've played
in Dreams that made you go, whoa, that was cool.
So I mean, my favorite things I've really been just seeing the weird stuff that people
are experimenting with.
Like I saw this one, just this thing called Rat City.
It's kind of like a noir themed world with rats who like smoke and wear fedoras.
And it's not really, there's not even a game, it's just sort of, you're inhibiting this
exploring person's world that they have made.
And you could add a game to it, but I thought it was fun to see here is the stuff that people
are creating, who I assume, you know, I don't know if they're developers, they've done
anything before, but it's just someone making like this thing that they've always wanted
to see in a video game.
And I like, I feel that it's very powerful that you could just sort of make what you
want, or like someone I've seen, I can't remember the name of, but this person who's been using
the Dreams tools to sculpt things.
And so they've made like this museum digitally of their sculptures and put little stories
with it.
And then you go up to a sculpture and you hear like a narration going on.
So it's kind of like a lot of like the kind of walking simulator type things that they're
putting in, but it's just sort of like the freedom for someone to make what they have
wanted to make and not have a way to express that because maybe they don't know how to
use Unity or Unreal Engine, you know, they're not a programmer per se, but they're still
able to share their art with everyone.
And I find that really exciting just in and of itself.
And you know what's so interesting about the way you describe that when you talk about
like making an experience that's kind of like, if I could make a video game, this is kind
of like the adventure that's in my head, or this is what I'm going to be making with the
tools that are in front of me, this story that I particularly have that I want to tell.
I am so, so, so reminded of an experience that was 25 years ago that we don't shut up
about on this show to date.
ZZT.
I mean, think about it.
I mean, I realize Dreams is going to be a lot more, you know, a lot fancier, a lot showier,
but if you think about it, man, remember making games?
Remember downloading the ZZT levels on a BBS and you're like, what is this crack smoker
smoking making this level, you know, all those like different things, like getting inside
crazy people's heads and like some of the things that, and not just, you know, obviously
like, you know, people that have artistic visions and stuff too, just seeing the things
that people come up with are just, it's just mind blowing.
It's awesome.
So anyway, I am so excited for this game to launch.
So I'm be sure to let me know when I can buy it.
Okay.
We'll do.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right.
Take care.
And, uh, thanks so much for the call.
Yeah.
See you.
All right.
Bye bye.
All right.
That was some good calls tonight.
We're good.
You're good luck.
You should come to the show more often.
We get some good calls when you're here.
Not that the calls are bad when you're not here.
We had a lot of some, some nights we're sitting here going, please call us with some solid
calls tonight.
I appreciate that.
Hey, if for whatever reason you were being shy, you didn't want to call in or what have
you, you can always send us an email, participate at orange andre.com.
You can also reach out to us on Twitter at O L R. Um, but for now, unless Loki has any
other last minute stories, no doubt he does.
All right.
Then I think we're gonna start to wrap things up here for tonight.
Finishing, finishing off, uh, what I want to, what I wanted to say, uh, in response
to that call.
Um, have you guys by chance seen the director's commentary and behind the scenes stuff of
ready player one?
No, I mean, God, I barely saw the movie.
I mean, I obviously I did see it.
Uh, Bobby finally made me sit down and watch it and his, his fancy, um, if you, if you
get access to, if you decide to buy, if you have any way you've been able to see the behind
the scenes stuff, please do.
Because I saw like everything, everything you just talked about, uh, with ZZT way back
in the past.
I played that at a friend's house.
I was more a mood mud exploration.
I'm going to do a live stream is easy to this week.
I think I kids today don't understand the coolest.
We're going to educate the children with some ZZT.
The coolest modern, um, environment system that I have ever seen was in the behind the
scenes of ready player one.
They filmed everything with the actors because as you know, good half ish of it is in a virtual
world, more than half.
Um, and what they did was they created a, they, they shot all of the footage so that
they had all of the actors mocap and then they created a crude rendered world of, uh,
Oh man, am I seriously going to forget what it was called away?
So shit.
Thank you.
Oh man.
I never really watched the movie.
Um, so they, they created, they, they created a, almost a literal game using the world data
of Oasis for Spielberg to act like a director.
He had a backpack, a camera, a virtual camera rig, VR glasses, and he shot the virtual world
with the real actors footage.
So there were some, there were some stock, you know, T poses, crude animations.
It wasn't, it wasn't polished, but he could take his vision, his director's eye, he could
take the capabilities of what he's literally spent his entire professional life doing and
apply it into a virtual world that people created for him.
It looked fucking phenomenal because you're, he, he, he gets his, he gets his, he, he's
in a world, he's a player in a world, he gets his zoom, he gets his lens, he gets his depth,
he gets everything else.
You know, I want, I want this transition.
I want this angle for this movement.
And he got to direct the virtual world after the cast and shooting was done.
And it's also interesting to think about where is that going to lead future Hollywood movies,
that sort of way of thinking, you know, it's like after the matrix came out, then it was
how are all these other movies going to use bullet time, you know?
Right.
I mean, it is, it is, it is a piece of our era.
It is definitely what we're coming into.
Did you speaking of which you of all people, did you hear these recent rumors about a man
matrix sequel, like out of the blue, but I mean, the Wachowskis don't have since eight
anymore.
Rest in peace.
So it would make sense that if they want to work on a new movie, they might, that might
be, why not?
I know I'd be all about that too.
I think they just look at John wick.
Yes.
I want more piano and all the things we, we got to wrap up, we're coming up on the three
hour market.
We got a late start as it was.
So we got to wrap up for the show night.
Jason.
It's great to have you here.
And again, thank you.
Thank you for everything you guys don't understand.
The show would not be here still if Jason did not, um, help in a tremendous away as
he does all the time.
So thank you so much.
I like pushing buttons.
I like playing with tech.
And I like, I like, we like hearing what you have to say here on the show, sit in the studio
when he can.
So, uh, not only do you do the Epic voiceovers, but we appreciate hearing your perspective
most of the times when I'm not sitting in my car in 7,000, 8,000 feet, however high
truck he is and yeah, well, uh, you're, you know, you're welcome back anytime, but I had
the gear there and I got it done and it was, it was, it was a, it was relevant.
That's what I go for.
Well, we'll hear from you next week.
If nothing else.
Yep.
All right.
I said, I'm starting to, I, I, uh, I got the bottom of the well on all my parodies
again, so I have to invent new ones coming weeks.
So we'll see.
All right.
I welcome listener submissions as well.
In fact, I think I still have some in that one email that I never did.
So probably do, uh, since we, since a lot of this is, uh, is old stuff coming, coming
around again, star Wars, slanking, Aladdin, all that kind of stuff has arrived for the
pick.
Don't spoil.
Talk about it offline.
All right.
Any final thoughts or what have you for our listeners tonight?
Oh, um, good night.
Good night.
An actual night of sleep after the road.
Take a nap.
You deserve it.
Uh, as I say, towards the end of every episode of orange launch radio, please tell a friend
or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
Cause we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but, uh, if the voices aren't out
there to put out over the air, uh, then we can't air them.
So please, uh, help us spread the word, tell a friend or two about the show.
Um, auto hosts on, uh, Twitch for VOG network go a long, long way.
I put out a tweet, basically ugly begging for that today and it worked.
So I'm thank you to those of you that added us to your list that, that really helps with
discoverability.
We really appreciate that.
Um, Loki, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Sure.
I'll, I've mentioned real quick, uh, 30th anniversary of the Ninja turtles game from
the NES in Japan.
So that's today.
And apparently 30th anniversary of the mega drive as well.
That was on the 20th.
Great.
Uh, and my final thought is, um, I really should have done all 18 missions today, but
my lazy ass only did six.
What can you do?
All right.
Time constraints and everything else.
I do have a final thought.
All right.
I want to rerecord what you're about to press play on.
Oh, the, I don't, you want to redo the outro?
Eventually.
All right.
Sorry.
I want it.
I want it with my microphone and my set up at home.
And I've been talking about having a new interest.
I mean, we love MIDI head and we appreciate it, but like, let's be real.
We have, we have driven that intro song into the ground over probably like 15 of the 17
years we've used that song.
So I've had ideas, but unfortunately it's such grand dose ideas that they'll never come
far as your games.
Maybe we should ask you, maybe we should ask your kid to write an intro.
At least we know it'll get done.
Dude.
The game's right here.
Okay.
You can see there.
I watched him play it.
I went around a little maze with a webcam.
That's it.
We're out fade to black.
We're done for the night.
We'll see, but we'll, we'll see you in seven days.
Seven seven seven next week, dark soccer will be back with us.
And then, uh, you know, it's going to be a big show cause we get a week after off after
that.
So lucky, lucky.
Have a great night, everybody.
Thank you for being here.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show tune into
fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
