This week Microsoft released the new Xbox experience to the world enabling you to relive
your fondest Xbox 360 memories as backwards compatibility begins again.
We'll catch up with this and last week's news along with your comments, calls and more
and it all starts right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 621 for this November the 15th
of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts but you might know me on Twitter at Skie S-K-I-E and joining
me as she always does, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Yo.
Hey Jamie, how you doing?
I'm alright.
Yeah?
We were just kind of chilling here in studio with no Bobby tonight.
I was decorating a hotel and I kept thinking maybe I could make it look like the one from
The Shining.
So you are playing, I mean we'll get into your gaming weekend a little bit, but you
are playing Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer like a lot and you were playing that before
the show tonight.
I've done my last project so I have a party waiting for me.
Tell us about your band because I thought the fact that you could set up a band was
cool.
I just threw out freaking instruments but like you can, one of your projects is to create
a concert hall and I was like what instruments can I put in here that don't go together?
So I have a piano.
Of course you have to have a piano.
I have bagpipes.
Uh huh.
I have a theremin.
Uh huh.
I have an alto sax.
Uh huh.
I have a sitar.
You did get a sitar.
I did get a sitar.
And I have a taiko.
Okay.
No marimba though.
I suggested marimba.
That's too bad.
There was a xylophone and there was a um.
No didgeridoo.
It wasn't a didgeridoo.
I would have put a didgeridoo if I had seen it.
Fake ass game.
I did put a xylophone in.
Okay that's cool.
So I put the xylophone in.
Alright.
Um so.
Xylophone.
It's the reason for the letter X.
Yes.
And so I went back into the concert hall and there was a concert in play with an ostrich
singing and everyone playing the instruments and it was all you know the music that's already
in the Animal Crossing games but they were just switching from it and she was singing
along and you could hear it and you could play along with them.
You could pick one of the instruments and it would play in tune with the music.
Animal Crossing is so stupid.
Your butt's cheating.
We do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network of vog network dot
com and if you are listening to us you should join our chat room live dot vog network dot
com where Tigerclaw is asking what about a tuba or a cowbell.
There wasn't a tuba.
There was no tuba.
There was a tuba.
Somebody needs to introduce the animals.
Oh the other instrument I put in there was a harp.
There you go.
Add a harp.
That's a busy, busy orchestra.
Uh of course six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern every week right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show at the voice of geeks network.
Uh joining me here in studio as well say hello to tech master Loki.
Hey what's up.
Hey not much how you doing Loki?
Not much just haven't been on Humble Bundle in a while so I was seeing what was there.
This is exactly how our last show started.
And nothing really there.
Yeah not yet.
Maybe they're setting up for something big.
Who knows.
Yeah they have like some sale thing because I guess they're their two year anniversary
at the Humble store or something like that.
Fair enough.
You know it's.
So again our pal Bobby was off tonight so we were chatting in studio before usually
we'll be listening to him and you know so we're prepared to chat with him at the end
of the show and so forth but tonight we were just able to kind of catch up and talk about
some random topics off air.
And you were talking about your son and how you're trying to get your son to watch Marvel
movies but he's not having it right.
No he doesn't want to watch Marvel movies because he's you know kind of timid about
everything so you know honestly it's a little violent.
I mean I guess PG-13 maybe needs to wait a couple of years you know.
So it's a little violent for children but I found it fascinating what he does watch.
Yes he does watch he's been watching a lot of YouTube lately because they kind of get
I'm well I'm getting sick of what they're watching on TV and so he watches YouTube videos
of Minecraft.
And so it's basically whatever comes up first when you type in Minecraft which ends up being
the diamond mine cart and popular MMOs and so he watches people play mods and that's
about it.
Yeah I play different Minecraft games and he watches that for hours.
It's fascinating to me to think like this is what let's play culture is becoming because
you know I was a kid raised on what Mr. Rogers neighborhood and what square one television
and Sesame Street and everything on PBS.
Your kid is in part I'm sure he watches some of that stuff too but is in part being raised
by let's plays.
Yeah they want like it see the kids they want to watch what they want to watch right away.
It's not oh hey SpongeBob is on.
No that's not going to work.
It's it's I need to watch videos of Olaf right now.
You know that's what my youngest son is.
Interesting and that's kind of what this video on demand culture is creating.
Yeah it's just like I want to watch Minecraft videos.
Done.
Minecraft videos.
You know instead of like oh hey I got to wait until five o'clock for you ultimate Spider-Man
to be on or something like that.
That's not going to happen.
It's just you know it just reminds me of the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and the
girl Veruca Salt who's the I want it now because you know they had the that was all in the
news this week because there was the 44th anniversary or something they all reunited
on one of the talk shows here and you know I don't know just kind of full circle there.
I want it now and you can get it now with video on demand.
Yeah I mean and that's kind of the thing and I think you know with these channels as long
as they're you know not too explicit.
And I think with most of the Minecraft people that play those they know their audience and
they're not too bad and it's somewhat entertaining.
I mean it's enough to keep them you know occupied for a few hours.
So and it doesn't cost me anything.
Oh and hey I'm not definitely I'm definitely not paying for YouTube reds.
So there's that.
I don't blame you there.
Go into our chat room at live dot vog network dot com.
Kaijuto says his son is smart.
Marvel is for chumps.
Oh that's not a that's not a play so we're starting.
He likes Marvel as well.
I mean he still loves all the Marvel superheroes and plays all that stuff but he's really into
Minecraft Tigerclaw suggesting he should watch the Star Wars movies to prepare him for The
Force Awakens.
He's not going to see The Force Awakens.
He doesn't care he doesn't even know anything about the series and it would be too scary
for him.
I didn't want to see The Force Awakens but you know that probably won't be until.
Yeah.
No way am I going to go when it first comes out and just all the crazy in January.
I'll wait and see in January.
Let's see.
Weiland saying square one oh man bringing that show up totally isn't dating yourself.
Can you watch math net on demand because I'm telling you that was quality television right
there.
I'm I'm sure if it's on YouTube you can because I mean what the thing about YouTube which
is great before used to be OK find the video and there you go.
Now you type in something OK watch this video and it just plays the next one and the next
one and the next one and the next one forever.
Yeah which kind of can be annoying sometimes though.
Yeah sometimes it doesn't really like fit like when we're doing Olaf it pulls up a League
of Legends video in the middle somewhere you know because there's some guy named Olaf that
plays League of Legends.
Let's see.
And lastly before we get into you know the rest of what we have planned for the show
tonight.
S.S.J. 100 Matt in chat says Minecraft is the game the kids are growing up with.
It's crazy to think about them possibly starting their own podcast many years later reminiscing
about Minecraft and other current games.
You had the way we reminisce about you know math net or whatever it is square one television
and all the rad stuff when I was a kid.
Just you know people will be reminiscing about Minecraft.
It's so interesting to think.
Well here's the funny thing is whenever he sees like an eight bit game or something it's
all yeah it looks like Minecraft because it's blocky.
I'm like no that's what graphics used to look like.
You know.
Oh my gosh.
It's not on purpose like Minecraft is.
How funny.
OK so let's get into some of the other topics we have to discuss for tonight's show.
First off let's talk about last week because we there was no show on the feed last week
and you know I tried to get the word out on Twitter and Facebook and stuff that there
was going to be a show but I was still getting messages even today like did you guys do a
show last week.
So here's the thing.
We had a show all set up ready to go at probably at about two o'clock that day we thought we
were going to still do the show and then I definitely felt like I was feeling sick.
Like you know how you just kind of start like all of a sudden you're like oh I feel it.
I feel the scratch in the nose the throat.
So I knew I was getting sick and it was setting in rapidly so I kind of made a call at about
four o'clock like we're not going to do the show because I'm getting sick and I don't
want to get Loki sick who would then in turn get the kids sick.
Jimmy was already here because sometimes she gets here early so we can hang out before
the show.
But you kind of saw that.
I was already out in the area.
Yeah you kind of saw that I was starting to get sick and you were like yeah probably not
doing the shows.
Well that when you started taking a nap I just left.
I was in the middle of sitting in a park blasting a portal but you know that just.
I mean I want to reminisce to the days where Loki hated Ingress and didn't understand the
point.
Well I don't understand it.
It's still like sometimes I wonder why I'm even playing it because it's like it's really
pointless.
No believe me believe me I've been there about once a week I have that discussion with myself.
Why am I playing this fucking game.
But there are some really rad people I've been playing it but anyway that all that aside.
Yeah.
So so long story short I got sick.
I didn't want to get my co-host sick because we all tape here at my house which where Studio
N7 is located here in lovely Sacramento California.
So you know I hate not doing a show and having an irregular week off because you know anytime
I've done a panel on podcasting or given people advice on podcasting and my advice
continues to be make sure you are regular with your show.
Do a show every week because when you don't do a show that's when your audience find something
to replace you.
So I really I mean I'm OK with missing a show when it's a holiday or something where your
listeners are probably distracted as well and not going to be listening but you know
yeah.
So I really hate missing shows but I know all our listeners are pretty decent people
and you know when they heard I was sick I was getting a lot of nice messages on Twitter
and stuff.
We understand feel better it sucks but you know you have been more convenient this week
because there's Fallout 4 and people like right to show right.
What day is this.
I was worried some of my co-workers are probably going to think like did he take time off to
play video games which is funny because I'm not even playing Fallout 4 but no I was legit
sick and I just have to say this be the end of it and we'll get into actual video games
but like this is probably the worst I've been sick since I had the swine flu in like
2009.
Right.
But like even Alan was commenting like the whole time we've been together.
This is the sickest you see me I'm pretty sure I had the flu and you might even still
hear it in my voice like I'm still congested even today and it's been a week.
Bobby in chat says canceling a show to play Fallout 4.
Who would do such a thing.
Is that why there's no Bobby tonight.
That's funny.
All right.
Anyway so there you go.
That's what happened with last week's show.
So sorry about that.
So it's funny we had a whole show show role and everything set up for last week and stories
we were going to discuss but that's going to make our kickoff topic very easy tonight.
So to kick off our show tonight we'd like to present last week's news set to Holik.
Last week for the week of November 8th in gaming Blizzcon happened over the weekend
before the what would have been the last show and there was a lot of news coming out of
Activision Blizzard.
For one Activision bought the company King the makers of Candy Crush.
They felt that EA was getting too evil and they really needed to up their evil game.
They were diversifying their evil.
A lot of people had a lot to say about Activision buying King which some people see as a one
trick pony but I'm sure Activision sees as a way to tap into the mobile market and a
lot of still loyal Candy Crush players.
Also out of Blizzcon the first trailer for the World of Warcraft movie was released and
I'll just tell you on a personal note what they showed last year looked better in my
opinion but I will still see the movie it looked well enough.
Destiny celebrating 25 million users that game is sure having a renaissance.
Funny coming off of the Activision story and Diablo 3 experienced a very similar thing.
On N7 day November 7th which was last week big day for Mass Effect fans a new teaser
was shown for Mass Effect Andromeda narrated by FemShep which was interesting because they
said that Shepard has nothing to do with the new trilogy but yet there she is narrating
the trailer who knows.
Let's see and then Borderlines online cancelled sorry to hear that and then Konami closing
their last studio in the US in Los Angeles and that is last week's news in a nutshell.
So there you go.
Anything else big from last week you guys think is worth discussing you want to mention
real quick?
Well the Activision is talking about getting into the movie business but I guess it's not
really that surprising they were talking about making a Skylanders show for a while
now and some of that's going to be a thing Skylanders Academy and yeah and maybe they're
going to be making Call of Duty movies.
Yeah there was a lot of movie news last week which I wouldn't actually be too bad because
they have an okay storyline well and it was one of those things that when they announced
that they're going to make movies out of Call of Duty I was like I thought that was already
a thing that was happening somewhere and to be honest I mean the storylines now with all
the like futuristic tech and stuff is a little bit more interesting than just you know World
War II.
I think Kevin Spacey will be in it because you know he was in the in the games right?
Probably not but cool.
Yeah so Activision Blizzard forming like some type of like movie studio I guess was was
in the news last week as well but not just them doing movies The Witcher was going to
be getting a movie in 2017 but it should be noted that's because those games are based
off a book series the book series technically is what they're turning into a movie but some
you know still see it certainly as you know the same universe as the games so that is
going to be getting a movie out of that and then one other quick thing I want to mention
out last week because I thought this was interesting and it was something we were going to talk
a little more about but Valve kind of got the smackdown from a UK advertising authority
over misleading customers during the Steam summer sale and the reason why and I remember
seeing this on the US store.
It wasn't Val's fault though.
Well they still it was their store it was on their shelf right but here's the thing
so Grand Theft Auto was on sale for $39.99 but technically that wasn't what was really
on sale you could essentially it was you got the game and the bonus currency for the price
of the game is what it was so people were saying that this discount wasn't genuine because
the product that they were advertising didn't exist before the sale and I thought it was
because they what they did is they raised the price of the game and then discounted
it back to its original price to show that there was a price drop like it was on sale
but it was being sold for its original price was the issue yeah because they included the
currency in it that's what they did they did they raised the price by including that fake
currency essentially so and yeah that was they got they got in trouble for that so Valve
has to not show those sales in that way ever again and must ensure that future discounts
are not misleading so you know Valve is usually up to as a company that does no wrong you
know all hail Gabe is it steam sale time and all that stuff but you know that was a but
you you say actually it's not Valve's fault.
I think it's Rockstar's fault because they're the ones that deal with you know setting prices
on that stuff it's just a storefront they were doing that not only on Valve's storefront
but on other storefronts as well it was just jacking it up and that's what people call
them out on it like immediately.
Bobby Blackwolf trying to lend some clarity here going the problem with the Valve thing
is that they showed them side by side they showed the game only not on sale for forty
dollars and then they showed the game with the bonus currency on sale for forty dollars
next to each other by accident so I mean I remember going onto the store and seeing the
whole sale with the currency and yeah I understand that for an hour it showed something different
and this is where they kind of got caught but I remember even at the time when I saw
that seeing like oh they just jacked up the price of the game by including the currency
and then put that on sale I was like that's kind of shady but I mean the game was brand
new at the time I wasn't expecting it to be on sale but I was kind of like that's a little
you know that brand new just put the just knock five bucks off or do ten percent or
something that's like really really you know not that big a deal you don't have to do one
of the famous you know steam sale deep discounts just do a little discount to get people excited
about it I don't know anyway so essentially that was last week's news some of the stuff
we missed last week so we will get into this week's news but first we always like to start
off the show talking about our gaming weeks so let's get to it Dark Sakura how was your
gaming week kind of busy we got Fallout 4 which is okay I'm really is more Dan playing
it than me we also were playing Animal Crossing amiibo festival which was actually stupidly
fun but kind of disarming in how easily one can overtake the other you play for happiness
is it Mario Party I couldn't get the sense what there's no minigames oh but you do little
things along with it like you play the turnip the stalk market you do the turnip thing and
you have different special events that happen every random day and you have holiday events
you can play the calendar any time of the year but we did November twice so we had to
help gather ingredients for Thanksgiving and it's all the Animal Crossing characters show
up and you can play I've got four amiibos now the villager does not work so that is
so weird the villager is not one of the amiibo I mean I realize they have a whole separate
line for Animal Crossing but it's weird like yeah amiibo have usually crossed over you
know and the other it's weird the Animal Crossing amiibo work in Smash Brothers but in Mario
Maker so but so we got the two that came with it which was Isabelle and Digby and I picked
up Mabel and Tom Nook and I want the pack that's got Toto KK in it I mean sorry KK slider
I just think it's cool to say Toto KK because it's fun to say so anyway we've been say total
bukkake what did you say Toto KK okay so anyway I've been playing that I've been playing
Animal Crossing happy home designer which it's been fun but it's a little disappointing
how short the actual game itself is because I think I'm actually at endgame now which
is I mean you can still play but it's I'm going to get the credit soon I'll put it that
way I've done all the town projects I've been playing some Dragon Age Inquisition I didn't
play any Final Fantasy like I said I was you've had a very Animal Crossing filled week actually
question for you from our chat room about Fallout SSJ100 Matt wanting to know if watching
Dan play gets you sick after a while because you've talked about like motion sickness yes
some of that so I figured that when it comes time for me to play it more I'm gonna do it
in the third person perspective so that I don't have to oh yeah that's right because
Bethesda is pretty good about that yeah that's one button it flips it between yeah that's
in Skyrim and all that too yeah what else was it that I put yeah I'm playing Undertale
which I haven't gotten too far because I hate the control scheme in it and if I can
figure out how to remap the controls in it I'll have a bit much better time playing it
I'm sure that can't be too difficult to do no but it's a cute game it's very like a fucked
up NES game I have a lot of people telling me I need to play Undertale and I do I it's
on my list of things to get to before the year's up we'll see I've also been playing
the beginner's guide which is I think I might have talked about it before but basically
you're just sort of walked through this one amateur game designers designs you know whether
they be map projects or you know his own little incomplete games but you get to wander around
in the universe and look into some of the guys thoughts on gaming and I just got Dear
Esther today which I had been meaning to play so I'm looking forward to starting that oh
that's by the folks who do Everybody's Gone to the Rapture that's kind of the pre well
the games aren't necessarily related but I guess there's elements of Rapture which is
still one of my favorite experiences in gaming this year so far that game was was I feel
weird calling it a game I would say that experience was I still think it's an interactive experience
worth experiencing but yeah so but Dear Esther was only 10 bucks so I got it yeah on Steam
I thought there was something else but no you got all the big stuff yeah well no we
got more games we got because we took advantage of the buy to get one free deal at Target
so I took back need for speed to get my Animal Crossing because it was actually the same
price I got so we got Mario Party Smash Brothers what else did we get oh yeah Dan got Metal
Gear Solid 5 and Fallout 4 and what was the other game that we picked up can't even remember
it seriously I can't well he was gonna get me Yoshi and then decided I guess it honestly
enough I've got so many things on the plate right now but oh yeah we got Mario Kart okay
yeah so that's one you should have yeah all right there it is Alan alchemy in chat saying
I think Dear Esther started as a half-life 2 mod years and years ago yeah that's true
actually that started as a mod and then kind of spun off into its own thing so kind of
funny the evolution of how that game maker kind of created their stuff let's go over
to Loki how was your gaming week I played quite a bit I see I played a little bit of
Fallout 4 only a couple hours of that because that's all I had time for at the time and
I haven't been able to play it since because my wife has been hogging the TV so I need
to figure out something to play it so I don't have to have the TV and then I played a little
bit Mario maker I played through all the different event stages that they had so you can unlock
the different characters for the mystery mushroom so they have like all the Game Center
CX and the Famitsu and all that stuff those characters you can unlock so I played through
all those and what else I played a little bit of Minecraft Windows 10 edition but once
again it's just kind of like no point to it I kind of I'm so wishing that like the regular
game ran as well as it does in Windows 10 on that version but it's so limited because
it's based off the mobile version so like I was trying to figure out like how to make
stairs the other day I was like how the hell I'm like I'm doing the recipe right now why
the fuck is this not working and so I look it up online there's like a separate exclusive
thing for the pocket edition that you have to have to like cut the stone or something
like that like this is dumb yeah they really just need to make it regular Minecraft just
like I'll put some regular Minecraft back on there or something like that and just play
that with some mods and stuff because watching those videos you know with my son and everything
I'm like hey that looks pretty cool I want to play that it's you know kind of getting
me back into that a little bit but I just haven't really played it yet and then what
else do they play I played more ingress of course quite a bit actually I had to cut it
back a little bit to this week because I'm running out of data on my plan for one and
I've run out of inventory pretty much now except Rob helped me out by give me quite
a few bursters they might be listening and then and then just like I don't know so this
week I actually have two days that I'll be able to play so we'll see tell them your plans
they're everywhere I'm almost to level 8 so I'm like 120 get there hundred and sixty thousand
away from level 8 but I knocked I think I got a hundred two hundred K in like one day
like for a couple hours so I don't think it'll be a problem now that you are like you know
full throttle on team ingress and all this how do you feel about the book Pokemon go
thing is this something you know no not interested not interested I don't like Pokemon what do
you think though now that you have more experience with ingress about the fact that this company
that you know has made this game is going to be making the Pokemon go I don't know what
they're really gonna do with it is just gonna be spots where you go try to find Pokemon
I mean how's that gonna work do you battle other people I mean yeah I don't know there's
still a lot of like I think there could be like more excitement to ingress as well because
it's kind of just like okay go within proximity hit a button trace some stuff done it's not
like hey there's another player over there I'm gonna battle you or something like that
because I'd be a little more interesting but we made eye contact there like the other day
like when I was playing you know I I see the other team playing and it's like it's completely
lazy on their part like I'm out of my car you know and like going up to these portals to like
hit different things cuz like I can't hit him with the bursars I have and I see these guys just like
driving a car they literally just stop they're illegally parked playing the thing and then they
blow up my portal link a second and then they drive the next one blow up that one in a second
and that's it I wave to them no waving back I'm like what the fuck I mean seriously like there's
some that like kind of like tease back and forth and stuff you know like they'll blast my portal
once not really doing any damage like just want to make sure you're awake I'm like yeah I'm awake
you know it's you know fun stuff like that but yeah I don't know these like the other team has
seemed very friendly like I think I waved I'm like hey Cobra senior hey how's it going you know like
I just kind of waved in like nothing just like blank face driving around yeah you got it like
you're taking it way too serious and there's you know as far as that team thing goes there's bad
apples on every team I'm sure there's people on our side that are that are mean about it too
because I've met some nice people on the other team and what have you but I'm like at the end
of the day you know for those people I just say like we're all fucking nerds we're playing a cell
phone game that involves going out in the real world like you're a fucking nerd too as much as
I am so why don't we just say hey and talk about nerd stuff for like five seconds I never understood
that was like I am going to inherently have a problem with you because your favorite color
and mine are different I just think it's so like I just thought it'd be just like kind of like you
know hey I blew yours up hi you know just like that would have been fine I was because I was
trying to be friendly hey ice I know it's you you know hey and now is that I mean it's like nothing
and they just look so lazy they won't even get out their car like it's like the portals just a
slightly a couple feet away oh but I can't possibly put anything on it because that would
involve me stepping out of my vehicle it's like whatever I whatever yeah I know and I just don't
have the time to drive around like all day long doing that and like some of them do I guess but
you can't control other can people you can only control yourself and I know that I've seen way
more places because of the game and done a lot more walking and some like whatever I'm getting
what I need out of it yeah so that's that yeah anything else for your game of the week I think
does it all right my gaming week not super eventful obviously because the flu is kind of knocked me
out a little bit yokai watch I guess I didn't get to talk about that last week but I did buy
yokai watch I've been playing quite a bit of that I'm having a good time with the game I think it's
pretty fun and it's it's interesting going around and the way you kind of will use your spy glass
to find the yokai and then the battle system I like it's you spin this wheel around that will
choose the three characters and they auto battle but you can control their ultra moves and you can
control the targeting but you have to be not only watching what you're doing on the bottom screen
but you want to kind of like watch the top screen because sometimes there might be like items that
flow around that you have to throw a dart at like I know I'm making it sound really complicated
because it is in some ways it's it's it's more in depth than you might have gotten the impression
from the demo because it's just the auto battling in the demo but there's there's a bit going on I
think yokai is pretty interesting and I like how you can use the play coins to get extra items or
even yokai there's even QR codes out there you can find a tumblr full of them that you can scan on
your DS and you can get like special event coins they'll get your random yokai and yeah so I don't
know it's like Pokemon in the sense that you know you have these little dudes that you collect that
go with you to fight for you but otherwise the battling is very very different and even the game
itself it's just in the fantasy life engine like and it's just a more modern-day setting otherwise
but the game looks a lot like fantasy life if you ever played that and just you know kind of plays
a little differently with the battling system but I'm enjoying a yokai watch so I was playing a lot
of that last week this week I played a little more as I've been sick but otherwise I haven't played a
lot of new stuff I've just been playing Final Fantasy 14 quite a bit because they had the patch
that came out this week where they have a new raid called the void arc and they have two new dungeons
I've been leveling my machinist I was 30 a couple weeks ago which is the starting level for machinist
and I'm already now 51 almost 52 probably will hit 52 tonight so you know I've just been doing that
I've been having a lot of fun playing that class that's one of the new classes they released in the
heavensward expansion so I think I just like heavensward jobs because my main is an astrologian
now I have a machinist and if I'm gonna play a tank dark knight is actually my favorite so I
think I'm just I'm just the kind of person that really likes the heavensward jobs so that's been
playing a lot of that otherwise not a lot of new stuff on PlayStation or Wii U or any of that stuff
just mostly Final Fantasy 14 so we'll probably get back into the consoles this week as I'm
feeling a lot better but I'm telling you earlier this week was not pretty I didn't even really want
to play any video games that's how you know I'm sick that's how you know anyhow so oh I guess I
should say one other thing on on 3ds because I have some opinions about this so I mean we're
gonna get into this in the news in a little bit but Nintendo released this badge arcade thing if
you guys seen this on the 3ds the badge arcade which is in Japan they've had it for a while I
know this cuz Shane was talking to me about this before cuz he had a Japanese 3ds and so he was
telling me about this and so I guess it finally came out here so I was checking it out and it's
an interesting concept if you haven't played it at all it's a free app that you download on your
3ds and it's like crane games it's free to start yeah yeah I'll get there so it's it's these crane
games and so you can control these cranes and you can like pluck these little badges and if it
grabs them and you know it gets gets them out at the crane crane game then you can actually use
these badges on your 3ds home screen to like decorate folders or you can actually use them
on any of the empty spots to actually kind of create like you know like a little pattern so I
guess and then there's like backgrounds you can buy of course that you can then kind of mix and
match some of the badges to kind of get these full-on like Zelda themes or other like retro
Mario Brothers or even Splatoon and some of the other newer Nintendo stuff and some of the crane
games are different too because like there's like a hammer one where instead of a crane like a hammer
will come down and go thwunk and it'll knock all the badges hopefully into the chute like if you
time it right and then I saw one today that was like a bomb or something where you drop a bomb
and the bomb explodes it makes the badges go everywhere so but here's the thing um you have
to pay one dollar for five plays on a machine now every day you can do a practice machine one time
and the practice machine if you do well will get you anywhere between one and like five free plays
and I think you know usually the bunny will just end up giving you one free play a day anyway so
usually end up with like two to five free plays a day but I gotta say I don't know I think it's
kind of shady the fact that they're selling the plays for a dollar and you're not even
necessarily guaranteed to get anything out of it and it's kind of like the prizes I don't think
the badges are that exciting like big deal so you can decorate your home screen with sprites I just
I don't get it and I just I don't know so I've been kind of lazily checking it once a day the
past few days just to kind of see like oh what can I get for free out of two plays but then it's
like I win stuff and it's like great things I don't really want to use because I have this
awesome NES remix theme on my DS and it's like I'll just stick with that it's fine the other
thing I just thought was interesting about the whole badge arcade is that when you when you log
in for the first time in a day the bunny will start telling you about the featured game and
it's like a fucking commercial it's like did you know it's the 30th anniversary of Super Mario
Brothers and did you know there's this game called Mario maker that's out right now and look at all
these cool things you can do a Mario maker and right now we have these crane games to celebrate
Mario maker so you should check out Mario maker it's available in the Wii U eShop right now tell
me have you played Mario maker and it's like oh my god bunny die like just leave me alone it's it's
like you have to sit through this commercial to get one free play where you might win a Zelda
badge but you're not gonna get link or Zelda from the crane your first go you're gonna get like one
of the shitty little rocks that you can push to maybe see a staircase under like if you want to
actually have enough place where maybe you can pluck the link badge for your profile give me a
dollar it's just I don't know it's a little bit ridiculous and I don't like it I get that this
might be like a mobile phone thing or maybe bigger in Japan or whatever but I still don't like it so
that's all I have to say about that why why are in chat at live.vognetwork.com has some comments
on this saying I've been playing this on my Japanese 3ds for ages the crane physics are
pretty realistic if you buy two dollars in plays on the same day you get a theme that matches the
badges you're playing for if you're into themes it could be a good deal and he says something sales
bunny overdrive sales bunnies my man my homie my wife but he's got no place in ingress thug life
I have no idea what that means if you read up higher he was doing like a little oh was he right
sorry that's I'm doing I'm reading is ingress like smashing your portals we don't give a fuck
yo batter he's whacked dead phone out of luck do any of those guys as they drive up and blast your
portal they like blasting music from there no they're not blessed see that would be more
interesting then they're just driving by saying well you think because you think you know they're
not gonna be blasting like rap music or even country music they'll be blasting like the
soundtrack to Tron or something you would think I don't know at least maybe that's just me that's
how I roll I don't know all right let's see dungeon buster and chat says well if it helps
there aren't any bunnies in fallout 4 not even mutated once there it is all right that's gonna
do it for our gaming weeks as far as housekeeping goes we don't have a whole lot to say except that
we actually we won't have a show over Thanksgiving week so I know that's two shows gone in November
so I'm sorry guys but the last one wasn't planned but as far as the holiday weekend goes the show on
the 29th wouldn't really surprise me a lot of you guys are gonna be out of town and doing other
stuff anyway so we won't be here in two weeks but we will be here next week of course for episode
number 622 and then we should be here through most of the holiday period I didn't look to see
what days this year the holidays were on what day are the big ones on the towards the end of
the week but it's not the weekend looks like Christmas and New Year's Day are both Fridays
this year so there you go and dark soccer what do you do you have services for Hanukkah on any
Sundays no why would they be on Sunday I don't know it's on Friday right that's Shabbat yeah so
just checking next year it's supposed to be on Sunday I think or Saturday Sunday is it yeah
it's it's my synagogue usual do either like a first night or last night service or do like a
Shabbat service for Hanukkah um if I can make it out there I'll of course I'll be going but well
actually and actually now that I'm thinking about this we probably won't be here on December I think
it's 14th because dark soccer and I are gonna be a gamer X in San Jose which vog network is a little
little sponsor of we're actually gonna have a table at the show I actually filled out a little
forum I didn't talk to you about that they're sorry you talked to that off-air but we December
13th it's funny I'm gonna be bringing my menorah with me oh is it during Hanukkah it's during
Hanukkah how funny so they um but I might try to find a little do they have dreidel drinking games
or is that like we could come up with that cuz I'm totally down for a dreidel drinking game if
that's not like offensive or whatever it's just jam it's just gambling it's all it is I'll teach
everyone how to play the dreidel game and we'll play with you know pills can we play for like
y'all flavored shots oh my gosh well guilt chocolate well chocolate shots will bring it will bring guilt
all right and then like the winner gets like I don't actually if you play for shots I'd be fine
but then when you have to put that put your your guilt back then what do you do throw up just put
the glass back I don't know we'll figure something maybe someone gets a double shot I don't know
dreidel drinking games coming I'm gonna look this up yeah Hanukkah ends on the 14th or GX as they
they call it because of course everybody games and you know I have that Thursday through Monday
off yeah we're gonna have a good time we're gonna head down I think Thursday night dark soccer and I
got a sweet yo we're gonna party by the way I have to say so so I am I talked to Victoria about
doing the lady Ness mm-hmm so she's gonna help me with a circle skirt oh nice and I've ordered
a blue and white striped shirt and I'm gonna dye it yellow huh the blue is Navy blue so it shouldn't
turn green mm-hmm so and it's a like a scoop neck shirt so I'm gonna do lady Ness nice so you're
gonna be a cosplay queen that weekend it's gonna be the casual cosplay because sometimes somebody
you know one can get tired wearing you know gray warden armor and that shits heavy even for being
made out of felt so all right so there you go so we will be there in San Jose so probably not gonna
have a show that weekend I know Loki can't make it out because it's hard to get him away for a
whole weekend but we probably just if I want to like keep my life you know that's we realistically
just wouldn't be able to probably be back in time on Sunday because things will probably be closing
down Sunday afternoon I don't know we'll let you know a little closer to the day it's just a maybe
on us not being here that weekend cuz I seem to remember last year we were kind of out of there
by noon on Sunday I would say is that again December 13 13th yeah you're like I'm not gonna
be here anyway no no no no I was just curious I couldn't remember when that that event was going
on in Oakland oh it's the same day same day yeah no I can't do the big Ingers stuff in in Oakland
because gamer X is the same weekend so it's fine what times your event uh oh god I don't know they
it's like four hours long I'm not gonna skip out gamer X to go do the Ingress event I'm sorry I
draw though I draw the gamer X is more important no I draw the line all right even do they're just
like hack a poorly it's everybody it's it's like you know the video of Pokemon go where everybody
was standing in Times Square trying to capture Mewtwo that's an Ingress thing it's just a bunch
of nerds all standing around historical sites looking at their phone pew pew battling back
and forth it's pretty much what it is what I've been told I have not been to one they had one here
in Sacramento and I couldn't even go because I was in the bay I think I was at another fucking
con that weekend or something it's just like there's always some convention getting away my
Ingers but that's alright that's alright gamer X is gonna be a ton of fun we're gonna be there with
the table I think dark soccer and I think the plan is we're gonna have some classic games for
you to come over and play that's right and then you can talk to us about vog because we'll be
there which reminds me I might get the okay to bring my we just got super ever drives nice so
I might be able to bring some I'll bring the retron for sure and that'll take care of most
of the classic stuff to bring you some of my Famicom cartridges oh and I forgot to mention I guess
this part of a game week I'll just mention this real quick this is more of a last week thing but
I went to um I went to the flea market here locally and I actually picked up for my retron
five that I bought a couple weeks ago because you know those things will play all that does
those retron fives they are just an emulator but what it does it dumps the cart and then instantly
emulates it so I actually bought blaster master on cartridge goonies to star tropics and blades
of steel so like I have an awesome collection I want to see ever drives work on the retron
bring lower that would be interesting fun so I'll probably bring the retron over to gamer X so we'll
have some classic gaming set up at the table do you vote like a non Apple laptop yeah I have my
old old it's kind of old but it works the point why I was curious what are you gonna do with it
I'm not doing anything with it you asked for a reason cuz you're plotting something by the way
I'm donating your old iBook g4 to the little Apple museum that's at my work great my old
computer ends up in a museum somewhere it's a tiny use litter great great dark stalker just
told me that something I once owned is going to be in a museum how does that make me feel age wise
it's gonna be a testament to technology all right anyhow let's get into this week in gaming news
we've got a lot going on in the gaming world so we'll start off with Loki yes so this is kind of
cool you know it's finally out of like their beta testing so now they have the first 104 titles that
are gonna be backwards compatible on the Xbox one for the Xbox 360 and quite a few titles most of
those you kind of played before as part of that beta test some more notable ones on there of
course you know like fable 2 you know the Gears of War series they've got let's see just cause 2
which is pretty awesome let's see some of the Tom Clancy games a lot of the XBLA games so those
are available on there I will tell you I powered up my xbox one this week to check this out I had
15 new games available to just get in my queue and download and I was actually playing quite a bit of
luminous today yeah luminous that would be good and then Borderlands the original Borderlands was
one of those castle crashers kind of cool crazy taxi get ready to make some crazy money see I
played some luminous this week original mass effect you can you can even still if you flagged DLC back
in the day it's a little tricky it took me a minute to figure this out because I tried to get
it through the game by going to download content but what you do is on your Xbox screen where you
have all your games you hit the not the start button but I guess it's where the start button
would be the menu button and there's an option in there to like manage the game and that's where
you can pull down all the DLC that you may have had on your 360 so that's how I was able to get
like heavenly star and like the Tokyo Club stuff that was in luminous because remember they it is
the DLC so you can still get that so that that was cool because I was expecting that it was just
gonna be the playing game because it was you know just pulling down what they could emulate but I
guess you can still actually get the DLC which is great intron evolution which is an okay game yeah
not bad yep and then yeah that's it so is there gonna be more in December or have they said when
we're getting more they're working on more there you know they're gonna include some more I guess
starting in regular updates are gonna start and eventually they're gonna include Halo Reach Halo
Wars Call of Duty Black Ops the Bioshock series and Skate 3 and they're saying all future games
with gold titles would also backwards compatible as well and yeah and I know a lot of people are
trying to get Red Dead Redemption as one of those title sets backwards compatible two words Lost
Odyssey I know it was a multi-disc game that's gonna make it harder but I don't care that has
to be one of them that give us Lost Odyssey there's anybody from Microsoft out there if I
still have that somewhere oh I know I've got to have it somewhere here if not I'll go rebuy I
don't think I yeah Lost Odyssey is like the it's it's it's such a good JRPG and I I just think it
was just overlooked because you know lol Japanese game on the 360 well it's like you know when you're
playing like Final Fantasy 13 and stuff or even there's like other Final Fantasy games and it's
like didn't quite feel like the old school Final Fantasy games as far as like turn-based and stuff
mm-hmm but Lost Odyssey felt like the old school Final Fantasy games yeah it did I would even take
blue dragon I know blue dragon had its shortcomings dark soccer was a fan of blue dragon though you
kind of stuck up for that I was also high on coding a lot it was right remember it was right
after I had hand surgery yeah blue dragon just kind of felt like a Super Nintendo RPG that was
like on a Xbox 360 it was fun yeah so no I liked it I I would I would revisit blue dragon if they
would they would make that backwards compatible but we'll see I'm sure a lot of people have their
demands but I just send your tweets to Microsoft that Lost Odyssey needs to be in there as bad as
Red Dead Redemption does so just except Ron was also another backwards compatible game was it I
don't you know what's funny I think I had the original Tron but I don't know if I ever bought
discs of Tron on 360 so anyway um let's move on to some Nintendo news Nintendo had a huge week this
week obviously had a lot of people talking about their direct that they did on November 12th this
was the first Nintendo direct since the true Iwata is passing so it opened of course with Reggie
Fils-Aime and they went into a lot of different news so let's just try to skim the surface of
what was covered I'm sure a lot of you guys have already heard about a lot of this so let's talk
about it Twilight Princess HD confirmed for Wii U complete with a wolf Zelda amiibo there I'm sorry
wolf shame on me wolf link for the Legend of Zelda amiibo that was announced as well that will do
what um I didn't catch exactly what it does I don't know that I think it's supposed to work with
the new Zelda game but aside from that what will that do who cares amiibo right it'll look nice
maybe it works in other games but I will say yeah Brad from pop culture in our chat at live
dot vog network com says that amiibo looks awesome and it does look awesome I mean it kind of doesn't
doesn't need to do anything it's just you know it looks awesome so they also talked about Pokemon
super mystery dungeon which will be out on the 20th of November which is a baumannii holiday for
those you old-school fans of the show let's see there's gonna be a new online portal for Super
Mario maker which I don't understand why they couldn't just build that into Mario maker that
is a little weird isn't it you know it's like you know hey little big planet had a way to search for
levels Mario maker no you have to go to an external web portal which makes me wonder once again why
don't they get online I mean if this new console that they're coming out with is supposed to be
really online centric and no one I have a disk drive everything that kind of scares me yeah the
free to start Pokemon p cross coming out in December so another Pokemon game on 3ds that's
free to start as a lot of them tend to be poke poke and tournament coming out on Wii U for spring
2016 there will be an amiibo card for shadow Mewtwo that will be released with that a game
looks weird I'll try it release date for Star Fox zero April 22nd is the release date for Star Fox
zero and I know a lot of people looking forward that Mario Luigi paper jam dated for January 22nd
2016 Final Fantasy explorers was shown and it will be launching in January with all of the Japanese
DLC included so that's pretty cool something to give to us for making us wait for the game
Mega Man legacy on the 3ds will be coming with a gold Mega Man amiibo because Loki loves amiibo
February the 23rd my mom's birthday February 23rd of 2016 I will buy my mother a gold Mega Man amiibo
for her birthday and she will love it what's this rom well this looks like crap did you spend your
money on this you should save it Pokemon red blue and yellow going to be coming to the 3ds as kind
of like a virtual console release Lucas the amiibo coming out on January 22nd Dragon Quest 7 and 8
are coming to the US in the summer of 2016 on the 3ds yay I was so excited when they announced this
especially like Dragon Quest 8 and I'm happy for the chance to be able to play 7 again so
yeah that was really exciting news I'm very happy about that dark soccer you Dragon Quest kind of
girl you know really you know I thought you were I'm gonna check that out 7 and 8 on the 3ds for
sure and this had a lot of people talking new character announced for Hyrule Warriors 3ds
linkle the female link concept art it got such a buzz when they released that before she is now a
canon character for Hyrule Warriors there's already been cosplay I know right I gotta say
for what it's worth lingo does look badass like you know I love the character look as well and I
love the fact that they kind of took a different approach and they gave her crossbows instead of a
sword and shield so that she could kind of exist but be different you know if that makes sense so
I don't really see her as a female link because she isn't really using the same weaponry she's
just you know a female protagonist that has a lot of linked traits but she's wielding crossbows so
I just think she's she's cool and her name sounds like tinkle yeah right but here's the question now
are they gonna make a game that stars lingo because I'd actually be all for that I want to
know more about this character so I'm all for a lingo game but then what's gonna be the plot is
she out to save princess or Prince Zordla I don't know who's the Zeldorf I don't know what's gonna
happen is there gonna be a prince that she has to save or or what's the plow the goal is what
Zelda cool Zelda cool Zefram Zefram that's a that's a male name that starts with Z it could be could
be Zach Zell the legend of Zell Oh wasn't Zell characters father's day right that wasn't that's
not a real name though Zelda and link are actually real names Oh speaking of Final Fantasy this was
kind of a big deal by the way this was the one where the internet just shit itself and that was
the announcement of cloud strife as a playable character in Super Smash Brothers I know it's
about time after all the Nintendo games he's been in it's about time that you know he gets some
representation on I think it's fair to say nobody saw that coming that was quite the surprise hey
you know what in all seriousness props to the smash team for keeping that leak under wraps
because remember the right you thing got spoiled because it was in some of the data files so they
kept this one under wraps I can't wait to see Master Chief in smash net right let's let's think
what other Nintendo centric characters should be in smash next how about Lara Croft nice thing you
know when I think of Nintendo I think of Lara Croft who but see the thing is I I say that but
I'm like actually that would be a badass character for Smash Brothers oh my gosh huh I just realized
we've already had a male version of Zelda have we we've had chic I didn't think of that okay yeah
there you go are you thinking so what we're gonna get Sackboy next in smash how many more
characters do we have to add before it becomes PlayStation all-stars well we may find out when
there's a special broadcast next month for Super Smash Brothers Wii U seeing here we're all
thinking at least and I still think this that shovel knight would have been a sure thing with
the amount sure it's coming yeah it's too obvious so maybe it's just those two or maybe it'll be one
more who knows here's what I just want to Captain Rainbow so that was the Nintendo Direct and I'm
sure a lot of you have heard this news and all the joking aside about the cloud stuff and you know
wow it's kind of interesting that they chose a character from what was notably so the first
Final Fantasy game not initially released on a Nintendo platform wasn't it supposed to be like
you didn't like Final Fantasy 6 that they were supposed to be redoing or something like that
end up being that was just a tech demo that if you're thinking about the fantasy 6 Nintendo 64
thing that was just tech demo but anyway all that stuff aside here's the reality check though if
they had come and said that the character that was going to be in the game was going to be I
don't know lock from Final Fantasy 6 is the game like it would not have had that same impact I
think it would have been like oh shit cool Final Fantasy character but like like Final Fantasy 7
or hate Final Fantasy 7 cloud is a fucking identifiable character that you just you know
him it is a little weird when you consider that you know that game actually was quite significant
in a non Nintendo kind of way but but all that aside you know what whatever Solid Snake ended up
being in a Smash Brothers game and you know I kind of associate that series more with Sony yes I'm
well aware of the GameCube game but come on that started as a Sony game here's where this gets
interesting though so you all I'm sure many of you listening to this show already knew about all
this Nintendo Direct stuff but here's where I kind of wanted to go with it is isn't it interesting
how much focus there was on Square Enix products in this Nintendo Direct think about it what are
the third party got that same type of frontage in this Nintendo Direct than Square Enix did well
the reason why I think is because a lot of times they do publishing for them like I think one of
the Dragon Quest games that came out recently was published by Nintendo instead of Square Enix for
when they brought it over here mm-hmm or like I know I there's some Square Enix games that were
published by Nintendo I know that but just saying there's the Final Fantasy explorers was in there
there was the Dragon Quest 7 and 8 was in there and now we have cloud and Smash Brothers which
is a pretty big deal that was a lot of Square maybe they're just not getting a lot of support
from other third parties well it's funny you mentioned that now does anyone else remember a
couple months ago on the show there was a rumor and it was one of those you know Tim Foil have
things there was a rumor that there is a third party party publisher that is getting in bed with
Nintendo for NX in a big way that some third-party publisher is stepping up and will be providing a
huge chunk of content for the NX and I even remember at the time somebody had called out
the Square Enix was a likely candidate and now after watching this direct I'm like okay Square
Enix and Nintendo they fucking or something's going on here's why I would think that that would
be a good candidate because look it's out of all of these like third major third-party companies
that do publish on consoles which of them are really heavy in the mobile market you've got EA
which doesn't give a shit about Nintendo right now and you've got Square Enix even though they
were ironically trumpeted when the Wii U was released and let's not forget that the EA got
up on stage it was like we're gonna back the Wii U in a big way for 60 days yeah so but Square Enix
you know they're pretty have they have a pretty large mobile presence and this new platform is
kind of I don't know I think a lot of people are thinking mobile with that so maybe that's why
they're kind of jumping in on board of that because it's something that they're doing already
Tiger Claw in chat asking what if the Final Fantasy 7 remake comes out on the NX well that
would be awesome in 2018 or 2019 where the fuck that comes out yeah I mean did now I have to kind
of go back in time to the e3 press conference this year but did did Square announce that as
an exclusive for Sony cuz I'm not sure I mean and a lot of the square stuff that comes out
on PlayStation 4 like I don't know Final Fantasy 13 games or like Dragon Quest Heroes or or Final
Fantasy type 0 and Final Fantasy 15 they're on both Xbox one and PlayStation coming out
after they announce Gordon Freeman as the next character for smash hmm why are in chat says none
of the square stuff announced in that presentation was exclusive at all and as the show under Matt
says I think they said you can play it first on PlayStation hmm who knows so game grew in chat
with another perspective on cloud and smash saying the whole thing about cloud strife is
that he is the protagonist of the best-selling JRPG ever that isn't Pokemon cloud is a pretty
iconic well-known character and I I definitely agree with game guru I mean we can talk all the
day about like Solid Snake last time I mean you know it wasn't really on Nintendo platform is
yeah old NES games at least there is some sort of tie and it's it's just more the fact that you
know if they had said it was going to be you know lock or I don't know see solar Rosa from
Final Fantasy 4 it would not I mean it would still been like a oh hey Wow cool type of mode
yeah I would have been like oh wow neat type of thing but I don't think it's gonna have nearly
that impact that cloud has it would have been interesting if it was a character like lightning
or something but I think maybe that's a little too new and so I think cloud is kind of that
perfect blend of like classic character but yeah it's it's interesting because you know cloud was
not really on a Nintendo console although of course in chat over at live dot vognet or dot
com why we are pointing out cloud has been on a Nintendo console before theater rhythm
that doesn't really count and are they gonna announce gex coming next is that gonna be the
next who know crash bandicoot will be the next anything's possible you know what though man
somebody made a great there was some some meme floating around out there I mean think about it
like somebody has made a game where you can have Mario link Pikachu mega man pac-man Sonic were you
and cloud all doing battle against each other like that this is like a huge game in gaming history
the fact that they're able to bring these different franchises into it is really nothing short of
amazing but also speaks you know really highly of Nintendo's ability to create a fighting game that
people really love one other thing I have to say that hasn't been said yet about the whole fact
that cloud is now gonna be in Smash Brothers so how about that cloud amiibo when's that coming
out cuz that's gonna be a thing right it's got to be it's got to be part of the agreement Ryu ones
coming out why not a cloud one so I'll be a show that amiibo or maybe I'm just thinking of two
different costs you probably saw like a fan wank thing but now it's gonna be a real deal there were
two different costumes but it's you know in in Smash each character has what six or seven
different outfits anyway so yeah but yeah they had cloud in the regular garb in the Final Fantasy
Advent Children garb for sure and who knows what other looks they'll have for cloud in the game
probably give us some different skins and so forth so why why are in chat says pre-order now up sorry
all gone Bobby Black Wolf saying cloud amiibo is a PAX exclusive better not I'd be so upset
all right I don't think there'll be a I don't think they'll be that crazy to make it exclusive
to evil gene exclusive ah yeah that that is the level of crazy that could definitely happen so
anyway very busy week for Nintendo and that direct and a lot of news this week to keep
Nintendo fans going into next year dark Sakura well and I like how the news is delivered on
this one get that phthalo blue ready Bob Ross you know we had the whole Bob Ross marathon on
twitch well looks like we're gonna have regular episodes of the joy of painting yay there is
going to be a Bob Ross channel every week twitch is going to show an entire season of the joy of
painting on the Bob Ross channel and that's starting on I don't see the actual start it
already started okay it's on Mondays it was like last Monday the marathon is also gonna happen
again every October 29th oh where they're gonna show everything back to back to back yeah nice
so so you can beat the devil out of that brush along with Bob Ross for years to come no no he
doesn't be he just makes gentle stroke no he actually says I'm a beat the devil out of that
brush just beat the devil out of that brush when he hits it on his on the stand yeah that's one
thing but that's when everybody in chat goes devil equals wrecked I'm sorry but have some happy
little clouds and leave it at that look I probably had a lot of happy little clouds I
talked about this two weeks ago on the show and I you know continued to watch the Bob Ross marathon
quite a bit until its conclusion and I would probably talked about this more last week if
we'd had a show but that Bob Ross is my favorite thing to have ever happened on twitch like for
real it's it's almost one of my favorite things to have ever happened on the internet like the
chat room was actually it's like I can't believe I'm saying this about a twitch chat room was
actually a lot of fun to watch it's like your twitch plays Pokemon you know with all the crazy
shit coming out of that there was so much spam with a whole like up left down right that and all
this stuff but like the stuff that was going on with Bob Ross was really funny like you know
anytime he says you know oh let's go a little crazy with this painting then the chat room you
know oh shit he going crazy crazy mode activated done it and then like he'll he'll paint a tree
right in the middle of the painting and the whole chat room ruined ruined ruined ruined and then
he'll finally make it like he'll fit it into the painting and they'll go saved say clutch save
hype back about that ban him for cheating and also it's just holy our soccer's rolling her eyes so
hard over there it was really funny and like but I mean but in a respectful kind of funny we're
like we're laughing with him and not at him and there's a huge difference trust me and I just I
just think that I I really love how long is it gonna take me for the joke isn't funny anymore
I I don't know I think there's something about that particular series and just Bob Ross's
attitude and everything where I mean maybe there's only gonna be a hundred people watching the
marathon instead of like 60,000 or whatever was watching close it out but it's still probably
more people than are watching it on PBS at like Saturday at 3 in the morning or whenever they
air at these days yeah I wonder what they would do though if they had like a side-by-side stream
with William Alexander who is the Bob Ross's mentor oh the he's he did the magic of oil
painting and the art of Bill Alexander which was the precursor to the joy of painting and he was
this grumpy German man and he was so great to watch he was so hilarious well it's you know we
were talking at the beginning of the show Loki about how your kids are growing up on Minecraft
let's plays I think there were a ton of people like you know obviously I'm old enough to remember
Bob Ross when he was on TV early in the morning but I bet a lot of people that were watching the
marathon and having fun with it and everything were totally not aware of who he was in fact I
even seem to remember reading some blog posts about like people from the UK were watching it
you know they never had Bob Ross over there but they kind of got to see it and we're kind of like
you know this guy was pretty awesome and and got to you know see a lot through that so I just I
just think it wasn't I you know is it gonna work for every great PBS thing that's happened in the
past 20 years probably not mr. Rogers man that's gonna be crazy oh no there it is dungeon buster
and chat says Bob Ross beat the devil out of internet negativity mr. Rogers neighborhood was
gonna be fucking insane if they do that yeah but it has to how's that gonna I don't know it has to
tie into creative somehow we'll see so all right so dark soccer is sending me a YouTube that I guess
I'm gonna try to play here is it just right at the beginning of this yeah I think so was it not
Iron Chef is this somebody doing in my mind I remember this is Bob Ross's precursor and then
you when you actually looks newer the whole like little he died in 97 oh that's sad oh there you
go I thought someone was like making his voice up at first I know I throw my first product is
this one of those lame things or somebody does the voiceovers of the real is watching him as a
kid too sorry all right that's awesome anyway yeah I Bob Ross I'm glad that's gonna live on on
Mondays even if not as many people are watching it's still it's still out there for somebody to
enjoy for the first time so I love the message he gets out he puts out there to that he's just
like anybody can paint you can just you just go down to the store get this get yourself some
patella blue and anybody can paint I still feel like I can't paint but watching him like I feel
like I could if I wanted to so who knows all right let's move on with some more news back to some
other gaming stuff Loki so the Xbox ones doing pretty well they've seen a 81% growth over the
sales from last year and you know they said you know commenting on that the strength of the
greatest games lineup in Xbox history drove record Xbox live usage for October and made Xbox one the
best-selling console in the US with an 81% growth compared to October 2014 and you know I have to
agree they do have quite the lineup as far as first party tile goes Sony what the fuck I'm
coming out uncharted that's about it yeah they've got fucking halo forza you know all this shit
coming out so Microsoft have war Microsoft is definitely seeing the payoff from you know
investing in these exclusive games you know and now they've got halo 5 and rise the tomb Raider
and you know some of the other stuff they've had this year sunset overdrive or a replay I mean you
have to admit they do have a pretty impressive lineup of exclusives so I think this is finally
getting some people on board yeah maybe other people like me too who are finally completing
the trifecta at home by picking up an Xbox one and now they have every you know next-gen console
I know not everybody's crazy gamer like me but I bet there's some like me out there that are
finally you know using these exclusives as a reason to pick up the Xbox one after all this
time and of course rise of the tomb Raider you know temporary exclusive well yeah but still
exclusive enough and I'm hearing really good things about the game I haven't played it myself
yet I hope to get around to it soon but I'm hearing a lot of great things about it people
on my Twitter that are playing it seem to really enjoy it so there you go um let's move on with
some more stories this one is definitely a controversy for Nintendo you know they've got
a game coming out soon Xenoblade Chronicles X I'm definitely looking forward to this because
the last Xenoblade game was great and I'm sure it'll be a great JRPG on the Wii U however
controversy because the localization of the game here in the States for Xenoblade Chronicles X in
the character customization section the breast size customization slider has been removed they
just don't like tragedy you can no longer create gigantic boobies or you know if you're into the
itty-bitty titties you can you can't slide the slider all the way outside that to that side as
well no longer will you have customizable breasts my question is so where did they freeze the boobs
at do they all have the biggest level boobs that would be funny like why are you all upset we froze
it at the biggest level so fucking calm down bitches I don't know dark soccer are you upset
you cannot increase and decrease the size of the breasts on your characters in Xenoblade Chronicles
not upset by it but it's stupid yeah yeah hackers will find a way hackers gonna hack well I will
have my big breasts I will tell you this in Dragon Age Inquisition one of the mods out there for the
PC is a custom body shapes rather than just the cookie cutter that they put out so
anything's possible well the good news is the rest of the game appears to be largely unchanged
unchanged so that is this the one thing that they've changed something about a swimsuit as
well considering the age of the characters probably not such a bad change they made in
that case so which is weird because you know those types of swimsuits are sold to those
age of children even though we feel that's inappropriate but you know let's not represent
that in the game either all right let's move on before we get to some release dates dark
Sakura well I'm the creator of Eve online CCP games has raised 30 million dollars in investments
to create content for virtual reality games they've got the money set aside they're also
going to continue to develop and promote Eve Valkyrie which is going to launch for oculus
rift in 2016 and PlayStation VR for the first half of 2016 and gunjack that will be on Samsung's
Samsung's gear VR so it looks like they're really pushing it a quote here saying is that we believe
VR will revolutionize revolutionized not just video games with the wider technology and media
industry as a whole so cool I won't be doing any of it or else I'll throw up on everyone do you
think there might be a way that they can make this more accessible for somebody like you nope
no it's gonna be too much no matter what probably what if it was a lower frame rate or would that
doesn't matter I think it's actually worse if it's a lower frame rate have you heard my stories
of Goldeneye no I know I know what if it was still a third-person experience but it was just
that the glasses allowed you to look at it everywhere no they try and they normally try by
like having something that doesn't move like in the center of the screen so that you can kind of
focus on something yeah yeah if I have like like an overlay sensor or something like if you were
like the shot crosshair yeah like a not even just that because I mean I can have a crosshair in the
middle of I mean there was one in Goldeneye and I still got sick I need something bigger to focus
on but I don't know I think I would just be sick no matter what hmm do you think you'll try it just
see or I will if you have a bucket handy this sounds like something it needs to be on YouTube
the bucket challenge all right that's gonna be a little bit different than ALS all right let's
travel around the world and check out some release dates and games coming out on a shelf near you and
I imagine as we're ramping up to Black Friday here in the States there's still quite a bit to come
out right Loki yep it's the last big week before Black Friday and so of course everything's gonna
release this week including Star Wars Battlefront that is coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
as well as PC and of course they have all sorts of collector's editions to go along with it so if
you want to spend lots of money on that go ahead go right ahead Stella glow on 3ds coming out from
Atlas the jackbox party pack on Xbox 360 I think that was held over from last week WRC 5 on
PlayStation 4 and Xbox one Monster High new ghoul in school coming out on Wii U let's sing on the
Wii also 3ds moko moko friends Vita was getting sort out online lost song Deadpool is getting
kind of a remaster on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one you may have to pick that up the crew wild run
edition that's on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one let's see also Monster High new ghoul in school coming
out on PlayStation 3 3ds I believe we use well same with WRC 5 on PlayStation 3 and 360 and let's
sing actually on all the platforms as well so if you want to get your karaoke on and it's gonna be
something you can do and sort out sword art online also on PlayStation 4 let's see we've got even
more battlefront let's see okay Game of Thrones getting a I believe this is a season two or just
a complete first season that's going to be coming out as a disc version on pretty much all formats
are places three PlayStation 4 Xbox 360 Xbox one they're doing a rerelease of Borderlands and a
triple pack on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 Assassin's Creed syndicate on PC coming out and see on Friday
World Poker Championship on PlayStation 4 awesome not to assemble getting a disc version for
PlayStation 4 Animal Crossing amiibo festival on Wii U with your amiibos in there Pokemon super
mystery dungeon on 3ds and Mario Tennis ultra smash on Wii U and then that's it until December
I was gonna say that's that's it this last week before black I mean because they're not gonna
release new games that we know they don't give me they don't usually yeah they don't typically do
that the only one time that I've seen an exception for that was back when the original rock band came
out that was on like November 20th or something hmm all right well let's go over to Japan where
it's it's a busy week over there as well over in Japan we have on the PlayStation 4 this week at
layer Sophie fushigi and naho hon no Rankin jutsu she comes out in regular and premium box sets
there is a DualShock 4 with Darth Vader on it because Star Wars Battlefront gets its release
in Japan this week as well sword art online game directors edition is out on the PlayStation 4 and
Puyo Puyo Tetris with a new price in case star Sakura hasn't imported it yet she can have so
now you get it even cheaper in Japan this week also Grand Kingdom being released in Japan this
week all of that on the PlayStation 4 on the Wii U this week just that Puyo Puyo Tetris getting a
special price reduction in Japan as well and then there's a Monster Hunter Frontier g9 premium
package I think that's just a repackaging of a probably a game many of you have played already
but does Butsu no Mori amiibo festival is out in Japan this week as well so that is out on the
21st and lastly checking out the Vita and the 3ds on we get it first I know that is weird I don't
know on the PlayStation Vita this week we have Grand Kingdom Omega Labyrinth Puyo Puyo Tetris
gets that price reduction there as well also girlfriend beta Kimi to so Gusu not so Yasumi
comes out in regular and limited edition bad Apple Wars also released on the Vita I don't think that
has anything to do with you know the makers of the iPhone and the iWatch in fact this looks to
be based more often anime series so watch bad Apple Wars and lastly on the 3ds this week Mina
no Pokemon scramble is out on the 3ds shantae at Kaizoku no nori comes out this week and dream
girl premiere gets a release in Japan this week on the Nintendo 3ds there you go dark soccer how
about Europe on the 17th we get Deadpool for Xbox one in PlayStation 4 which hopefully they'll have
fixed the controls on the 19th is Assassin's Creed syndicate for PC and on 20th is Mario Tennis
Ultra Smash Star Fox for Wii U Star Wars Battlefront dice on PC Xbox one and PlayStation 4 so all
right just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week but first Loki
alright so I hope you're ready to step into the next generation of gaming with the you know advent
of VR really the kind of you know adoption of VR well now you can get the Samsung Gear VR they're
actually releasing now a non innovator it's the non innovator edition which is gonna be cheaper
and it's gonna be $99 and ships on 20th of November so just this Friday and you can use
it if you have a galaxy note 5 galaxy s6 edge s6 and the s6 edge plus and I have an s6 so very
tempted to purchase that and I'll have to check it out all right one more story for you guys on
Dragon Quest Heroes Dragon Quest Heroes apparently was confirmed for the PC there was a message on
Steam that showed that Dragon Quest Heroes will be coming out on the PC so for whatever reason you
didn't pick this up on PlayStation 4 Xbox one it was when it was released recently you can pre
purchase the game if you want so but the interesting thing is I guess when this was
first spotted they tried to click on it and nothing was seen so maybe this ad went up early
I don't know just a quick warning huh you know as much as Dragon Quest Heroes is probably an
awesome game uh-huh Tecmo koi this really really really shitty PC ports yeah so just consider that
before you consider yourself warning that all right fair enough maybe maybe wait for somebody
else to buy it I mean watch you know total biscuit talk about some of the PC ports of that or I saw
like Jim Sterling talked about and he's a huge fan of like the you know dragon well the different
samurai warrior series or Dicey warriors and their PC ports are fucking terrible yeah all
right well we'll keep an eye on it then and we'll see to register participation for this week's
episode of orange under 80 with vog network.com use the passphrase smoke all right well let's get
to it we're gonna take a step back we're gonna go back to a time when you couldn't really go to
YouTube to express your opinions on games because it didn't exist you could maybe write a letter to
a magazine the classic game of the week the chance for us to step into dark soccer's gaming vault and
find a game that she thinks hey I wish I had this one you should check this out so dark soccer
picky one she doesn't actually have in the vault I wish I had it she did here is the classic game
of the week this game is Musha which in Japan was an as Musha a last full metal fighter Eleanor and
it came out in 1990 it was a vertical scrolling shooter that was done by compile for the Genesis
or Mega Drive as it was known and it was published by toa plan in Japan and by seismic in North
America it is one of the a left series of one of the games in the LS series so Dan's asking me
if I fed the cat no oh I just replied on my Apple watch so I didn't have to pull out my phone Musha
yes anyway so basically it's just an amazing little shooter I thought that the inch the
intros on it had some very interesting graphical things they did like from the reflection of the
bat of the scenery on the the pilots visor and everything it did some really neat stuff music
was pretty great to you anyway you play as one of the Mecca in the series and you go through and
obtain power powerups called P chips and you can make your Mecca change color and get sub weapons
and they can also act as a shield if it gets hit then you lose the weapon then you get the Mecca
gets damaged so your sub weapons will include an energy shield a beam weapon a beam cannon and
missiles so you can also get helper drones that have these customizable attack modes you can get
up to two during combat and when one is destroyed anyone appears if you've got any saved in reserve
so you can save up your drones there so anyway the game is actually considered one of the best
I'd say shooter games that came out during that era it has been re-released on virtual console and
the original copy if you can get the others put this way an unboxed North American copy of this
just the loose game easily can go past 200 plus on eBay so it is really really difficult to get
your hands on one if you've got it give it to me but I mean even after I just love your demand
there if you own this give it to me now we're looking at the game 25 years later is still
considered one of the top 10 classic shooters of all time and the best that compile has ever done
I think it does look pretty great and I'm even saying that the shooting segments of this keep in
mind compile also did the Guardian legend and the shooting aspects in this I think are far better
than the Guardian legend I will go on record saying that although the Guardian legend overall
still a game I would better play so it's also I'd say to me one of the the best mega drive games
that ever came out in the 90s so there you go that's all I can say about it all right there
it is your classic game of the week MUSHA even if someone wanted to send me a Japanese copy I
wouldn't say no that way even if somebody wanted to send me a dollar I wouldn't say no to that
God someone sent me a dollar before I didn't tell you that really well back when Loki made my intro
for pump up the volume mm-hmm it said like give her a dollar yeah someone sent me a dollar nice
so are you one of those people that takes your first dollar and frames it and put it on the wall
I don't know about a soda there you go you spent that dollar I spent it I was poor there it is your
classic game of the week we are gonna take a quick break but don't go anywhere we'll be right back
one thing about Muscha the reason why it's an acronym for the u.s. one is because it was called
metallic uniframe super hybrid armor okay oh that's that's what she stands for yes for the
u.s. right there it is all right we're gonna take a break when we come back with more of orange
lounge radio some rapid-fire news the frugal question of the week we got some emails to catch
up on that's for sure and we will also take your calls at 1 8 7 7 game olr or username on skype
orange lounge radio when we come back after this with more of orange lounge radio welcome back
everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight with episode number 621 November the 15th of 2015
after an unexpected week off last week due to a sickness sorry about that if you're just joining
us live at the voice of East Network a vog network.com we recapped a little bit of what
did go on in the world of gaming last week and talked about some of the big news from this week
like the you know the OMG cloud is going to be in Smash Brothers and all that stuff we were talking
about there so we're gonna get into some rapid-fire news now I think is a good time so we'll start off
with Loki all right so let's talk a little bit about roller coaster tycoon now not necessarily
a game I'm too excited about but it looks pretty cool and unfortunately you're gonna have to wait
a little bit longer to get it because like most games that are coming out or we're supposed to
come out this year it has been pushed out of 2015 to 2016 and no actual date has been given yet but
we expect it next year because it ain't coming out this year mech warrior online is going to be
coming to steam starting December and this is the next project that they were working on after the
shadowrun game and you can expect this on December 10th so that looks pretty awesome I am a huge mech
warrior fan or at least I used to be so kind of want to check that out finally I'm not surprised
at the least about this but dead or live extreme 3 is getting a collector's edition and what would
be most apt for that game but of course booby mouse pads and that's what you can expect when
you get the dead or live extreme 3 fortune collector's edition for PlayStation 4 it's
gonna come with playing cards featuring the characters in there a sexy photo book
and 3d mouse pad featuring Mary Rose but what Alan yelled from the other room it's classier
than Kleenex and lotion much classier all right you're gonna get some booby mouse pads no I don't
even know if this game is coming out here yet so probably not I don't know if we can't get slider
bars in Xenoblade then maybe not I don't know and it's it's like you know yeah it's kind of cool to
see like boobs in video games but the game doesn't really have a lot of content to it I just don't
feel like playing like beach volleyball and yeah you don't enjoy the Barbie modes no not really
all right well moving on to something a little more serious but still a lot of tongue-in-cheek
fun because it's about one of the worst video games ever made the desert bus for
hope campaign is underway desert bus 9 just started oh yeah so is are they involved because
I know they've dropped in pretty much every year at some point made a cameo yeah that's
fun so cuz you know the game the desert bus the game itself is not desert bus there was like a
Penn and Teller like collection that's it smoke and mirrors that was gonna come out and actually
never did so technically this game actually didn't come out something like that or like commentary on
the censorship because remember how that was like huge in the late 90s yeah so anyway it's it's
interesting that you know this group desert bus for hope has turned this game into a you know
yearly this annual event where they raise quite a bit of money for child's play last year 2.4
million oh no I'm sorry cumulatively over the years 2.4 million that's still no small chunk
of change and last year they went for a hundred and fifty eight hours that's darn near a full
week probably will top it this year I imagine so we'll see and then if you think it next year will
be ten years of this game that's great for charity though so there it is desert bus 9 underway so you
can check that out I think it's think it's desert bus org is the website do you know the website
offhand our soccer you're looking at this it is desert bus org there it is you look at the space
jam website like the movie it still exists is your mic on dark soccer I think we haven't been
hearing you there you go oh my god okay nobody in chat said anything about that whatever right now
the space jam website still exists I was I have never seen that movie all the way through and I
don't even know I was reading about it but it was hmm I'm sorry I got completely distracted
by space jam that's fine was there any reason to shut it down who knows right mm-hmm guys you know
says I thought she was in the kitchen no Alan is in the kitchen not dark soccer dark soccer's at
a computer all right anyhow let's talk about moogles moogles in Final Fantasy 15 I mean duh
of course moogles are going to be in Final Fantasy 15 but I guess a Twitter poll went out where
people were asked do you want to see Final Fantasy 15 have moogles in the game and of course yes
overweight no and according to the game's director it'll be a fun little incorporation and it won't
be very chatty or anything so it sounds like it's gonna be more of a reference than a full-on like
it'll be a fun incorporation they run across the street as your car hits them like a raccoon and
they just fly off the windshield oh that's sad Kupo don't say that all right let's see let's
talk about that game Yuka Lele I don't know how many of you guys kick-started that game but you
can look forward to a new retro inspired character that has been added to the game rextro 64 us
okay is a pretty great name rextro 64 us is a new character that's set to appear in the game
it was designed by Mark Stevenson and is resembles what you would see in most 90s 3d platformers a
very blocky polygonal scan lined body there he is the guardian of the arcade machines that are
hidden in the level each world has at least one arcade machine and if you complete the retro
challenge you get another pagey so there you go retro rextro I keep want to say retro 64 us
it's rextro 64 us a new character in Yuka Lele dark Sakura well um Metal Gear online is getting
what I would say has should have always existed in every game ever cat hats oh my god that pictures
hilarious yeah they are getting cats on their heads like what we used to get on the private
servers for Ragnarok online it's pretty funny also mother 3 is gonna be coming out on Wii U
Virtual Console but only in Japan which sucks because I really want to play it and then maybe
they'll release it here when they release the Lucas amiibo maybe we can dream and now this is
something that I think is pretty scary here in the US is that basically the best spy we have the
best I'd say entity infringing on privacy is the US government they were supposed to have disband
replaced their surveillance program and did not and so this is now getting a lot of international
ire and what this means at least as far as gaming goes is that they also pull up personal data
internet transmission sometimes that even applies to your games so just saying all your sexting
that you do in the World of Warcraft I can see it listening to you call other people bitches
well yes somebody needs to hold Sam's looking at your dick pics okay keep it in your pants
all right let's get to the frugal question of the week you should be our friend if you're not
our friend why aren't you our friend you've been listening to this show for almost two hours now
and you're still not our friend I don't understand so you can officially be our friend over on
Facebook facebook.com slash orange lounge radio is where you can be our friend what Facebook not
good enough for you are you more of a Google person that's fine we're on Google Plus as well
google.com slash plus orange lounge radio and every week we ask a question of our Facebook
and Google Plus communities when you slam those words together you get boogal well this week we
asked about the topic announced that cloud for Final Fantasy 7 this week would be joining the
roster for Super Smash Brothers only you and 3ds and of course this leads to discussion that this
character was an interesting choice because Final Fantasy 7 of course is the first Final Fantasy
game to not release on a Nintendo console that being said do you think cloud was the best
character to represent the Final Fantasy series if yes why if no what character do you think would
have been a better selection represented the gamers everywhere so let's start with Andy are
who replied over on Facebook say in terms of representing Final Fantasy it was probably a
good choice but in terms of celebrating all things Nintendo it's a very poor choice I feel like Smash
is more about celebrating Nintendo so that should override representing Final Fantasy Square
Nintendo should have gone with something more associated with Nintendo someone from a Final
Fantasy that was on Nintendo system or another of their games dark Tetsuya says I would have
definitely nominated somebody from Final Fantasy 6 even though the only 3d models of them I can
think of were from that old n64 demo from years ago lock Celeste or Tara would have been my
choices degenerate Johnny says personally I would have thought that a moogle or black mage you know
something a little more generic would have been more fitting for a Nintendo game also because
there were final fancy characters featured on Nintendo consoles however Nintendo is known to
utilize non Nintendo characters and Smash Brothers from game series they used to be on their consoles
for example solid snake instead of big boss so why why not use cloud as far as mainstream is
concerned he's the face of Final Fantasy I also thought of the moogle thing where why didn't they
just maybe use something like super generic like that from the series or a chocobo or something
then you know I do get the cloud thing but I am surprised they didn't just use a moogle
entertainment over on Google Plus says cloud is the most recognizable character from the
Final Fantasy series and his giant Buster sword would be an interesting thing to wield in any
fighting game however part of me wants to see more female characters and all of the things so
I would have included either Yuna from Final Fantasy 10 Tifa from Final Fantasy 7 or Fran from
Final Fantasy 12 yes to Fran for sure but and technically I was the Final Fantasy 12 game on
the 3ds well I guess that's true that's a good that's a good reason to have Fran in the game
and I love Fran but you know the thing about Fran is that whenever I think of Fran I think of
both the air and Fran and that goes I can't think about the air without thinking of Fran as well
like they're just they're just a wonderful twosome from that series so yeah I just I couldn't have
one without the other maybe could be like ice climbers where you would control both so there
you go Kai's you know in our chat room over at live.vog network.com agrees with Tifa I want Tifa
she'd kick ass and also I agree with the female characters well that begs the question where's
Linkle cuz can I go back and change my vote cuz I want Linkle and Smash Brothers now at this point
I think it's just a matter of time it's just a matter of time maybe I don't supposedly this is
it the December thing we're gonna hear about this is it that's it for Smash Brothers done no more
they're gonna move on to something else Smash Brothers for the NX probably after this we'll
see but I can't imagine that that won't be a thing so all right there it is thank you guys for
answering the food goal question of the week appreciate that we'll ask another question next
Sunday that usually goes up during the day at some point in the afternoon or the morning whenever I
begin working on the show all right let's get back into some other news Loki all right so there was
apparently a game that was gonna be made for Jurassic World and I'm talking aside from the
Lego game that they had it was being worked on by a cryptic studios Seattle location but it was
shut down unfortunately by the owner perfect world and now footage of that is coming out from demo
reels from some of the people that worked on the game and so now they have like some you know there
was some footage on YouTube which of course taken down already they had some images of like the t-rex
as well as a character that looks pretty similar to Christopher Pratt's character so I don't know I
not sure if I'd be that excited about that game I mean the movie's okay but I don't see them doing
like a huge game with that I'm not sure if it's supposed to be like a big online game or what the
case would be they said it was described as like an open-world game and that it was gonna be headed
to PC and current gen consoles and it was a triple-a MMOG so too bad when that in that movie ended up
being so freakin huge it's like one of the biggest movies they've ever put out and could have had
this huge game behind it but I guess they had the Lego game so that's something you know a game what
I don't think was that great but and now that well don't and then they also have some of the
characters in Lego dimensions yes that'd be cool yeah there is that so I don't think there's a
whole world or anything like that though so some clarity on Nintendo's smartphone games some folks
wondering how much is it gonna cost to play Nintendo's new smartphone games and guess what
in a financial dealing with DNA this week it has been mentioned that they will be free at least to
start but you can you can guarantee that there will be plenty of transactions within the game to
help get your money there that was confirmed in an earnings briefing that was attended by the Wall
Street Journal the CEO of DNA Isao Moriasu said games currently in the pipeline are all free to
play there are five smartphone games being planned to launch before 2017 and we talked in a prior
week about me Tomo which was revealed previously that was supposed to be this year but it's been
delayed to March 2016 remember not included in this is Pokemon go and I know a lot of people
looking forward to that but that is a Nintendo adjacent thing but technically the Pokemon company
is a separate company they are working with Niantic which Ingress which looking I've talked
a lot about they're already involved with remember that is all separate from this so Pokemon go does
not count as one of the five so anyway in that original briefing though Nintendo said other
games might be paid a download but it seems like DNA clarifying that that is not the case at least
for whatever is planned right now so there you go certainly no new information on what those other
games could possibly be at this point but we'll see I'm very curious to see if there's a you know
Zelda esque type of game or Mario if they go full throttle on that or if they kind of stay with
things that are more on the outside more like the advance wars the Pikmin you know things that are
like they're definitely Nintendo properties but they're kind of on the outside maybe a splatoon
finger paint wouldn't that be funny you can you can finger paint on your touch touch screen or
something who knows I guess anything's possible we won't know until next year for sure Dark
Saga well as I had mentioned two weeks ago we had the South by Southwest overcoming harassment
and games discussion this has actually been expanded it was it had been canceled before
because of online threats and they decided to bring it back because it needs to be done so
they've added nine additional speakers now which include Susan Benesch of the dangerous speech
product Alan Barr David the founder of red button Michelle Dennedy the vice president chief privacy
officer at Cisco so they've got some big names on here but also save point that had been canceled
before say point a discussion on the gaming community will take place Tuesday May 15th so
if you go to SX SW comm you can see where the changes are and what's been expanded and I think
it's great and I hope they don't buckle this time and you know let the assholes online think that
you know you can threaten people and get away with it I get that there's been a lot of vitriol
and hateful crap on Twitter and and on certain dark places of the internet and reddit and all
that stuff and you know all that crap aside which I don't really want to touch with a ten-foot pole
at this point I'm curious about is this forum when we talk about online harassment and game
harassment is this going to address it all like what sometimes people put up with in multiplayer
spaces like what we see on you know Xbox Live playing Halo where the you know or Call of Duty
where the n-word and you know and things we see in the MMOs that's really ugly like are we gonna
be talking about that as well like I just I feel like there's a lot of touch points besides that
other bit of ugliness that has happened online in the past year you know what I mean I hope so
yeah I mean I think it should be addressed I feel like those are some of the roots wherein
the other stuff all comes from I don't know like when we talk about online harassment I just hope
we we talk about what happens on a small scale as well as what happens on the you know large very
vocal scale so anyway all right let's move on something else Loki all right so we're right
around the corner from December which means the next game awards are gonna be happening and of
course got some details on that let's see it's supposed to be taking place once again I guess
that the Microsoft theater in Los Angeles on December 3rd and with that they're gonna have
an advisory board of industry experts and this year they're gonna be including let's see Reggie
fisa Mae he's a Gilmont from Ubisoft Hideo Kojima and Kojima productions they put the word Konami
next to Kojima just curious Nintendo's gonna be coming back as well this year and they may be
announcing new titles no words but they you know like last year they had like a lot of game
announcements and trailers and stuff so hopefully we'll see something come out of that as well also
have a list of the nominees for this wait will they honor Roberta Williams again and Ken Williams
to be fair will they honor them again I don't know cuz they they should game of the year your
nominees are blood-borne fallout for Metal Gear Solid 5 the phantom pain Super Mario maker and
the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt I think all pretty good choices there let's see very obvious choices for
game of the year I mean to be honest like if I hadn't even looked at that story or read that
story I probably could have guessed at least four of those five that would've been on the list some
of the let's see developers of the year Bethesda CD Projekt Red from software Kojima productions
and Nintendo pretty much all the same companies that make those games that are in the top there
gee yeah I like how congeum productions is on there what game do they make this year I don't
believe they were on you know well that's right they were removed from yeah that I gave me the
year title huh that's unfortunate anything you know all the same normal categories that they
have there also of course they've got some like this best fan creation as well so one of the
nominees on that GTA 5 targets which is kind of like a cinematic movie made with the game engine
real GTA from corridor digital portal stories Mel which I thought was pretty awesome that was
that kind of standalone game that was free if you have portal or any source engine game super
mario maker the e-reader levels so those you know levels that were made by that one fan there and
then twitch plays Dark Souls it's kind of an interesting little side category yeah about Bob
Ross twitch Bob Ross which is not on there unfortunately let's see if you don't acknowledge
the Bob Ross twitch thing you failed this year you failed all of us make it happen and then of
course best perform the devil out of these awards which this is weird because I didn't I wasn't I
didn't remember that Mark Hamill was playing this character at this time but they had best
performances Ashley birch as Chloe price and life is strange Camilla Ludington as Laura Croft and
rise of the Tomb Raider Doug cockle as Gerald from Witcher 3 Mark Hamill as the Joker I thought
Mark Hamill wasn't doing the Joker anymore I thought it was Troy Baker now doing I thought
to in back Batman Arkham Knight and then Viva Seifert in her story going to our chat room over
at live.vognetwork.com Rama says back the fuck up fallout 4 just came out yes we keep in mind with
the press and all this stuff they've had the game for weeks doing the reviews and evaluations in
advance in fact there was a lot of talk about the embargo because I seem to remember there was an
embargo about the embargo that was something that happened last week when we weren't here but
basically it Bethesda came out and said you can tell people on this day that your embargo will
be up on this day it was something really ridiculous and of course you know a bunch of
eight if a screenshot showed up on Twitter and it was kind of one of those you know thing we all
pointed and laughed at but anybody that's you know voting or whatever the advisory board in these
award shows they've been playing fallout 4 for at least a few weeks now but Splatoon has got quite
a few nominations they have best family game best shooter game best multiplayer game and I think
that's it SSG100 Matt clarifying the Joker thing I think he did the Joker in a couple of flashback
scenes I just thought it was Troy Baker from now on I thought he was done doing that maybe they
used some old footage or something who knows most anticipated game voices at conventions
though for fun all Sony to almost all Sony titles there that's kind of funny so most anticipated
game horizon move three Final Fantasy 7 remade no it's a horizon zero dawn no man's sky quantum
break last guardian uncharted for all of but one Sony titles those are all like so that's a little
for quantum break ridiculous no Zelda no Zelda game I'm yeah surprising Zelda's not on there a
little bit no Final Fantasy 15 nothing nothing all right well I mean I don't know I'll check it out
it wasn't bad last year it was just some of it was just weird but I appreciated it more than like
some of the really awful pandering that happens with some of the televised award with all these
celebrities that have obviously never picked up a controller in their life so I liked the awards
last year wasn't that the show last year too or Trey Parker got up and said I beat Kevin Spacey
at something and like it was really yes yeah that was pretty awesome so I hope there's more moments
like that and again I want to know who they're honoring this year maybe somebody in chat knows
cuz I don't know if it was in that story who are they honoring this year is that Roberto Williams
and Ken Williams it's pretty probably a miyamoto I'm guessing or Iwata what I mean yeah but I don't
know I don't know if they would do somebody that's already passed I mean I can't imagine they'll get
through the night without saying something about Iwata but will he be that tribute that lifetime
achievement award maybe not I think they might get Jima Kojima that would be kind of interesting
with this year and everything I'm all for the classic PC developers though as well you know I
love my Michael maybe an Atari 2600 maybe like a David Crane or uh I don't know Howard Scott
Warshaw or something that you know really influenced that old era of games we'll see
all right anyhow let's move on to talk on JJ Abrams he's a busy guy you know when he's not
rebooting Star Trek or or making a new Star Wars episodes contributing to some of the hugest nerd
franchises of all time for better for worse now he's moving on forget two games bad robot which
is his studio teaming up with infinity blade creator chair on spy jinx spy jinx will be a
game on PCs and phones in 2016 it's an espionage game there's not a lot being said about this maybe
this is a game that we might see at the awards who knows but they're saying it's gonna be action
role-playing strategy world-building so I guess maybe it kind of looks like Team Fortress 2 but
it's it's gonna be a lot more than that so there you go something that JJ Abrams is working on so
we'll see hopefully it will be better than the second Star Trek film was at least that's my
opinion anyway Kaijuto says oh shit espionage game I'm in oh no JJ maybe not let's see I love
this going back to the talk about who should we who should we recognize at the Game Awards
Akuma JP in our chat saying leave Kojima alone you're lucky he even performed for you bastards
leave him alone please we're seeing the honor and they always say we should honor this you know
spike Konami just like say oh yes he is the reason that this game is awesome fucking oh me that's
fair it's a good clarification all right let's get to you guys each week you guys email us at
our mailbag participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send us emails and dark soccer's
gonna open up the mailbag dive in their head first there's two weeks two weeks worth it's
collecting if you hear last week it really means last episode okay fair enough last episode so hey
all are just writing into weigh in on the meme topic from last week's show while I understand
what act-deaf to sorry I'm not sure how to spell his handle you actually got it right is saying
to me memes and games just a week of lazy writing instead of writing something original or
interesting it's just cribbing on some popular quote joke and quote oh god it took me a minute
to realize that this was even about it the meme thing and get real return guacamelee and stuff
that has the memes okay yeah yeah I think about cases when stand-up comedian gets cost caught
taking content from other comedians they usually get dumped on for being unoriginal and often end
up having trouble landing gigs I feel like this is a similar situation where one half of the
internet finds it okay because they're laughing more the novelty of recognizing the meme more
than anything else honestly that's what I like about them to exacerbate things even more double
anyway most of the means that make it into a game are already done to death anyway I might laugh at
something once or twice and then again if someone twisted in some novel way but by the time a game
in development comes out the means are at least a few months old assuming the game is even taking
something more modern and not an over 9000 reference from 2006 so yeah I'm generally
against games leaning on memes too much they won't stop me playing an otherwise amazing game guacamelee
comes to mind because that game is exceptional and I loved it in spite of the memes I just wish
game devs would think a little harder and come up with something original thanks Andy are I don't
know I mean I I respect your opinion I think you're being a little harsh I don't think there's
anything wrong with like a little reference a wink and a nod is all it is if the game's entire plot
is based around a meme or like a whole quest that's you know games based around memes wasn't
that script scribble knots hi you know what's interesting about the scribble knots thing though
is that the memes became a meme about that game you know that the memes weren't the game but the
memes memeify the gate is very meta it's very meta scribble knots is a very meta example but
like you know when it's a wink and a nod a very tongue-in-cheek thing I don't think it's I really
don't think it's a big deal and I get a chuckle out of it and it's it's interesting because I had
the same reaction you had Jamie where the emailer called out the whole like some people get it and
some people don't and it's it's not cool people think it's funny because of the novelty of finding
it yeah and I'm kind of like yeah I kind of like that I I mean I'm not gonna sit there and be like
haha I think I got it and you did it I liked how they did it in World of Warcraft with the characters
that you would see like my favorite was and or a Moorhead yeah who was based off of the name from
Agnes Moorhead who was in Dora in bewitched yeah and I like that they would throw in just kind of
obscure Harrison Jones same thing right or how you would find Harris Pilton and then you'd find her
little invisible friend if you had that visibility spell that shit was funny I know see that that was
funny and then in in Final Fantasy 14 the quest to fight Titan extreme is called quake me up before
you or a Magomo or something like that and it's really funny but like you know I don't know it I
but I think there's also the point I want to make with the part that he thought was not okay that
you and I are like it's not so bad I think there's a lot of stuff out there that is like humor have
you ever seen like movies that are for kids that have a lot of very adult jokes in them well yeah
actually let's take that back a little bit Rocky and Bull Eagle okay sure I'll just say
Animaniacs but sure Animaniacs I mean it's it's that same type of thing you know I mean if you were
paying attention to the politics you know when Rocky and Bull Eagle was on TV yeah the antics
were were geared toward kids but so many so much of the content and commentary is pure satire aimed
at adults or you know like you're saying with Animaniacs like when she pulls out Prince's as
goodnight kids you know that type of thing you know that joke yeah yeah yeah no it's like like
you need to get fingerprints and she comes out with Prince and goodnight kids now to be fair to
the email or to be fair dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vog network.com says reminds me of that
Wii U eShop game meme run I think it got taken down but yeah that was definitely a one-note
joke that got old in five seconds and yeah I agree when like the entire joke is the meme okay
it gets old it's stupid it's not funny you're beating a dead horse it's not clever and I think
that's a clear difference when it's like that you're using the meme for the sake of using the
meme it's not clever but when like you kind of maybe twist what would be in the game anyway to
sort of reflect a pop culture thing like the Harris Pilton thing in her invisible friend I
think is a great example that that's a little more like tongue-in-cheek and I think that's
where it's at its best yeah so anyway but thanks for the email even if we disagree a little bit on
that yeah the run my episodes used to kind of do something like that where they're in the US
anyway there are episode names were the names of like movies or books only done with Ron my
character names or something more having to do with the thing yeah and you know to be fair I
wonder if and to be fair to the email or two I bet I because I wonder if they're sitting there
going you guys are saying pop culture I'm saying memes and maybe to be fair there there is maybe a
difference between pop culture references and internet meme references and so maybe I should
call that out ties into the same thing though I I sort of think memes in a way are pop culture
it's internet culture but it's really just the whole thing has gone wrapped up into each other
so yeah I know remember his kids are growing up on minecraft let's place it's those two are coming
closer together Julian yeah closer anything I went over there to hang out with Becky and he
was watching minecraft things I'm like okay I quit playing minecraft like a year ago I'm in the
wrong business I should be doing minecraft let's plays but I should do it as crazy Rob Roberts no
I like your idea from earlier oh yeah before we were on air okay tangent time before we were on
air tonight and talking about this story I kind of I had this random thought I was like are there
any drag queens that do let's play videos like do they do they get out there and actually sit there
and do the let's plays in there in their drag persona because like I was thinking like like
a Dame Edna that plays video games hello my puppets or my pixels well you know we do know a drag
queen everybody knows a drag queen is several but we know gamer one apparently there is actually is
there there is oh there's you know I have seen and I wonder if this is it what God not not Coco
Montrese Coco Peru Coco Peru Coco Peru does the Grand Theft Auto but that's different because I
feel like her let's plays are like do you do you guys remember from Michael and I wish I had the
audio clip when I bring this up do you guys remember from like like five years ago when I
made my mom watch me play Mortal Kombat and she's like Rob oh that is gross what does she do Rob
that is that game is so gross that's kind of a Coco Peru does in those videos like what's going
on what did you just shoot her did you just shoot that innocent person that's there on this like
this is a way to get out some aggressions you know that's because Coco Peru's big thing is
tension tamer tea and I'm gonna need some tension tamer tea after watching that anyway so it's a
little different because with all due respect to Coco Peru I don't think she's really a gamer I
think that's more one of those somebody is having her watch those to react to them for the shock
value I think it's a different drag queens react to yeah it's like a drag queens react to type of
thing yeah if I'm wrong on that I apologize Coco Peru I'm a big fan all right hello LR
on last week's episode you mentioned the Xbox one Kinect price cut to $100 Rob asked a question why
do I need it I'm fairly passionate about my Xbox one which I bought on launch day with the Kinect
I use both on a daily basis I will answer your question with this you don't seriously you don't
need it if you just want to use your Xbox one as a gaming console and nothing more there's no need
for it as future support has all but disappeared that being said I can't imagine my life without
it anymore my cable box is connected to my Xbox one and it's become the center of my living room
the Xbox pause and Xbox play commands are worth the price of all by themselves the fast forward
and rewind commands get love too when when your hands are covered in chicken or pizza or who knows
what or even when they aren't not having to reach for a remote is awesome but I also use the voice
commands daily to switch channels launch games and jump between apps we can go to crunchyroll
and watch the next episode of an anime or jump to Netflix and start whatever all without touching
anything browsing the integrated game store is also super easy I always check out the weekly
sales using only my voice I will pause and say that that's actually why I waited to get why I'm
waiting to get my new Apple TV because of the Siri commands that do all the same stuff so it sounds
like if you're willing to have the Xbox one be that centerpiece of your living room that a lot
of other stuff kind of goes through then you got to get a lot more value out of it than say maybe
me who's switching between like four different things to really get everything I'm kind of getting
that but see my thing is that I play games on my systems and I don't do much else with them can I
take a quick tangent I'm sorry because I know you're not done with email but this is relevant
I promise so the new Xbox one dashboard came out this week as well along with the Xbox backwards
compatibility I'm not a fan I am I'm not really a fan and maybe it's because I'm not integrating
the way that Microsoft wants me to integrate but I have to be honest I'm just I'm really not liking
it like the Xbox dashboards have gotten worse and worse over the years like I missed when it was
just simple like when it's you know go left and right for the different menus and then up and down
for whatever which I understand is is kind of where this new dashboard is going so maybe but
but I just feel like there's a lot of stuff that's still really buried and like even to like redeem a
code on the store it took me forever to figure out where to freaking find that I don't know I
just not everybody's gonna agree with me there but I personally feel the new dashboard is really not
cutting it but at least I can play rock band and whatever game I need to play there are a few other
bonuses to the Skype experience is pretty great I've heard a lot of people praise the Xbox fitness
app and it's many available workouts though I admittedly haven't tried it yet Kinect is required
for it and of course there are a few games you can play on it but that's all gravy as far as I'm
concerned Kinect makes me feel like I'm in the 21st century I absolutely love using it and I enjoy my
Xbox one a lot more because of it do you need it absolutely not but I sure as hell love mine
Kinect is dead long live Kinect that's from YY are thank you for the perspective I appreciate the
honesty where it's like what you don't really need it but if you're gonna if you're gonna put
everything through your console then there's there's a lot more you can do so I appreciate
that perspective you know it has gotten me closer and closer to Kinect is the fact that it's a way
that you could do the live streaming on Xbox one and you know have your face they're kind of
similar to how you have to have the PlayStation camera on the PlayStation 4 to do streaming which
I have to admit in both cases is pretty stupid why can't I just hook up a USB camera to one of these
systems and have that be my camera I mean I get it they're not gonna sell as many of these cameras
by letting me do that but I still don't have to like it in both cases like I just I just wish I
could just hook up a camera and use that for the streaming but with the Xbox 360 backwards
compatibility stuff one cool thing that Microsoft has done to their credit not only is it simply you
can play these games on your Xbox 360 but you can do the Xbox one stuff with it like stream it like
do the caps and the videos and stuff that's pretty rad I gotta say and and really breeze just a
little bit more life into some of these older games all right we have two emails left greetings
peoples there's something I wanted to email you about in reference to last week's episode that is
until it did my research it involves Metroid there's a tidbit I thought I knew about this
game a tidbit that I thought would never go and mention while discussing the impact this game's
had on gaming landscape I thought that the term boss as it relates to video games came from the
original and NES Metroid's instruction manual as it turns out this is wrong and likely comes from
a fountain of bad information twin galaxies oh snap so why do I bring this up I'm curious if
there's anything gaming related that any of you believe to be an absolute fact that turned out
to be wrong stay care of entertainment this message is brought to you by Xbox wrestling
this is a tricky one to answer on the spot um I would say back before we had the internet which
maybe some of y'all can't remember that far back but you know when we didn't have Japanese games
here in other words like we didn't know that there was necessarily a Mario Brothers 2 that
was different than ours you know maybe if you were into the right cultures and had the right
magazines you kind of knew that but I want to say I was convinced at one point there was like a
legit like Super Mario Brothers 4 that released in Japan that we didn't have here and that turned
out to not be true once I had the internet was able to figure that out but I feel like that was
something that was going around back in the day as a Japan had a Mario Brothers 4 and we didn't
or we'd get ads for games that were gonna come out and then they never did yeah whereas now you know
when they're on on the internet we find out about it right away or here was one that I spent hours
trying to do this in Final Fantasy 7 was to get the test zeros to show up which they were in Maya
the what manual was the versus books manual for Final Fantasy 7 talked about the test zeros which
apparently they were only in the Japanese version I guess stuff like that but nothing that I took to
be actual gospel I know how about the blood code on Mortal Kombat for the Super Nintendo that was
something everybody was convinced was there and like my friend put it in and saw the blood and
it's there in the Super Nintendo version of the game and dah dah dah and it's not there like that
was just like a game genie code that turned the sweat red exactly it turned the sweat red and but
you couldn't decapitate technically the sweat was just blood anyways it was turned gray so I still
have my Final Fantasy 7 strategy guide the versus one is the one I'm talking about that actually
book if you have it intact it'll go for money that particular one will which I was very mad
at dance friend Eric for slashing through my cover when I loaned it to him I was mad I got
another copy of it by the way um but ask Jeeves but I will say this that I've played through the
Japanese original Final Fantasy 7 because it's a fuck of a lot easier and the test zeros are in it
so just saying they beg you not to kill them it's adorable these they're like Doberman creatures
anyway um last last email yes okay dear olr I tried out the new Nintendo badge arcade this
weekend it has a cute pink bunny that entices you and then extorts you for cash yes I've seen I paid
for the VIP thing by the way what's the VIP thing get the VIP me garden thing where you can add
people as a VIP oh yeah I bought that too yeah that was a while ago that came out but yeah yeah
I know what you're talking about you're a VIP in my 3ds just you know you're online too yeah you
and Shane and Dan are the three that I have yay Loki's sold his I have a few I think I have Bobby
black wolf in there I have some I had to go back and find other people yeah um he even turns on the
demon eyes and flames when you consider not spending money in macro transactions why macro
the cash cost for five plays is a dollar anything over 99 cents is not a micro transaction if you
want to be literal literal anything over a millionth of a dollar is not a micro transaction if this
game was only played by adults I'd be sort of okay about it I mean you can spend your money as
you wish but children especially very young ones are being hit with very psychologically intensive
addiction methods aside from the very threatening rabbit it makes it clear you're spending real
money but ignores the fact that you're getting very virtual rewards also the first hit is free
and then they let you play a fake game once a day for the random chance of free plays the result is
the free games after the first hit are intentionally diluted and set up on a random delivery schedule
it's all extremely addictive is it tied to the internet can you let just change your clock in
your 3ds um it keeps telling you not to turn the power off once you've started and I noticed like
as soon as you operate the crane there's an instant like loading type of thing or something
so I don't know I don't know but I'm I mean hackers gonna hack I'm sure somebody's finding
a way around this but and I'll kind of laugh when they do and somebody will find a way to
just unlock all the badges for free wait but anyway I don't want to I think the appropriate
fate phrase here would be chasing the pink bunny I guess instead of the white rabbit I'd recommend
parents guide their children through the game and explain why each thing is designed to be addictive
I would recommend not letting children play the game I'd straight up I'll sell just don't go down
that don't don't save your payment information on that 3ds sorry I also have your parental
controls on or watch your money or watch your money disappear Nintendo for the record for the
record I don't think explaining it to children is gonna be necessarily a valid tactic because
and I'm gonna go a little bit into neurobiology right now a children children's brains are not
developed enough to understand the difference between long-term consequence their brains are
wired for immediate satisfaction the brain stays this way for men up it can be up until the 27
before their brains start looking more for consequence I don't think some ever grow out of
it but I'm saying the general range for males is between 21 and 27 and for women is between like
21 and 24 it's a smaller window at the end but yeah that's just biology Nintendo badge arcade
is also the perfect time to open a dialogue with children on gambling and drug addiction and why
they're similar hating the bunny Robin I'm glad I'm not alone in feeling that that Nintendo badge
arcade is shady as hell like I think that's really the best way for me to put it it's shady as hell I
think though again some children just aren't going to get that concept their brains aren't wires to
get it don't know the good news is that doesn't automatically install your 3ds just don't know
what it the hammer on it just keep the print controls on and don't save your credit card
information yeah you know that's one thing and I I normally don't have this discussion this one
thing I've liked about the family sharing with my iTunes and with my App Store is that if you've
got kids you actually can enact a parental control that makes them have to ask you every time they
want to buy an application or make a transaction in an app so I think that more systems need that
you know and not enough of them have it so just my two cents fair enough I don't like having to
put my like password information in like for purchasing a free app though that pisses me off
on any format I kind of get it in a way though because like maybe you don't want the kid filling
up your device or whatever with crap you know you still want to have some sort of say about what
they're putting on your device especially if there could be a you know a scandalous type of free to
play thing out there that maybe you don't want kids around I'm just saying I can store it's
annoying but I can sort of see the reason for it a little bit at least so anyhow there you go
emails thank you guys so those emails participate at orange lounge rated calm if you have an email
to send for a future week in the meantime let's get to the F use of the week it's the part of the
show where we get angsty a few goes to my medication for making me feel really weird
and to my maid staff because now I have to make the blade and finish the painting on the skull
but other than that my costume is pretty much done be ready for gamer else exciting
looky ah have you not being able to play fallout 4 because my wife is talking the TV I'm looking
at all these fallout 4 pictures and videos and like damn it my fu of the week goes to being sick
this has been the worst oh my god like f you a thousand times with 10,000 pokes from a needle
that just whatever got me sick damn you it's been the worst I'm still sitting it's been an entire
week and I'm still sniffling and still feeling like but at least you know at least it's not as
bad as it was Monday Tuesday Wednesday all right that does it for the F use of the week so let's
get to a couple more stories for you guys and then the skype line at 1 877 game olr or username on
skype orange lounge radio Loki all right so Konami is apparently working with some engineers to
create some Metal Gear Solid 5 theme prosthetics for a double amputee and this person that James
Young he lost his arm in his leg in 2012 I guess when he was dragged between two rail carriages
and so now they are creating this highly stylized multi-functional limb for him that's pretty
awesome I kind of want to see what that looks like once done and then that's how somebody
actually becomes solid snake he's gonna take up no cigar smoking and start you know overthrowing
evil plots with their government too yeah all right well I don't know I dark soccer I think
you and I need to go on a road trip you know why I think this is worth it you and I should go see
this virtual pop star Hatsune Miku will be touring in North America in 2016 now you might
know Hatsune Miku of course from the video game series you know there's out there on what
PlayStation 3 and Vita and so forth but a Hatsune Miku is also you know she's a celebrity one of
those virtual hologram things done kind of like the gorillas I think they do their tour that way
or remember when Tupac showed up at Coachella and the whole hologram thing that's basically
Hatsune Miku yes I have compared Tupac to Hatsune Miku and I'm not going to apologize for it so
Hatsune Miku anyway is going to be going on her first US tour starting in April Miku Expo going
to be in Seattle Los Angeles Dallas Toronto New York and San Francisco meaning I think dark soccer
and I need to take a trip to the city by the bay to rock out to Hatsune Miku supposedly the event
is an expo but it's ever all stopping at these different concert venues if you get a VIP ticket
you get a seat at the show early entry a collectible expo badge and exclusive VIP merchandise for the
idols biggest fans so there you go Miku Expo I'm excited hmm no I'm serious dark soccer do you
want to go where's I how much is it I don't know I'm trying to look at where the dates are let's
you know here they are San Francisco the war field I've never been there uh if there's two
shows actually on April 30th which is a Saturday they're gonna have a 130 show and an 8 o'clock
show but tickets are not on sale yet it's right after my birthday hmm so it could be like a late
birthday thing or we could you know that we could just go to Seattle see the one on April 23rd
because Seattle is awesome sir I'm not gonna say it on the air but that's yeah oh it's a big one
it's a big one it's a big one this year yep what what better what better way to celebrate a
landmark birthday like that they're going to Hatsune Miku concert it's that or sit at home
and drink what are you gonna do I don't know sitting at home at drinking is kind of what I
do anyway this is what you'd combine both you're gonna drink and go to Hatsune Miku concert and be
around all those Japanese girls that'll you know be screaming and everything and we'll be right
there up front with them won't that be fun that sounds fun I bet you we could get like Captain
Spike from game buoy org to go with us I'm sure he's already looking at tickets if nothing else
we should get grandpa from starboard power coupling to go and so he can be just be all
like what in the actual fuck is this what is this shit all right cuz you know he won't get it
what hate seven seven a game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio the skype line is
open if you want to talk about anything we've talked about so far tonight or maybe something
different there it is again one eight seven seven game olr or a username on skype orange
lounge radio all one word looking over to Loki to see if there's any last-minute stories to get
out here before we or while we wait for some calls I suppose I really need to play more Fallout 4
there's so what is it that you're seeing that's so awesome that's blowing your mind well this is
just a lot of the VAT stuff so like there's one guy that you know focused in melee and so they
had like a power power arm thing that he just punched the guy's face off and this one now it's
a wild mongrel and they shoot the face off of this one too it seems like the type of thing that
Alan would be really into that game because I know he's really into Skyrim with mods everything but
I don't remember him playing Fallout 3 I don't know if he'll play this one or not we'll see
anyway it's just like yeah I didn't really play through oblivion very much and then then Skyrim
you played the crap out of exactly all right well we are getting a phone call so let's get to it
hi you're on orange on radio who's this hey everybody it's Rama hey Rama how you doing I'm
good but more the bigger question is how are you feeling sir I'm not a hundred percent but I'm well
enough to be doing this show for you all tonight and that's a big improvement over where I was
Monday or Tuesday night so I do understand because when I did my show Tuesday night I
did not realize how bad Mako Chan's voice was it was bad everything I've had wrong is in my
sinuses so like even still you probably heard me sniffling and I apologize for being gross but it's
just like that's like what I'm dealing with and like Monday Tuesday was bad like it was just snot
fountain everywhere now I'm being gross on purpose but it was just like it was so bad and like you
know no matter what and you believe me steamy spicy soups taking sinus pills long hot showers
um you know all the tricks trust me I was doing short of the neti pot that is the one thing I
can't do that's that chick that pours the rub that I can't do that there's a much better one
than the night I hate doing the neti pot myself but this other one squeezes uh-huh and it's a
quick flush it's not like this long slow I still feel like I'm gonna like inject it into my brain
by doing that trust me it it helps so much anyway but yeah so luckily I'm slowly getting on the
other side of it but you know what's what's interesting so Wednesday was a holiday from
work so thankfully I didn't have to take it as a sick day but a good friend of mine was having
surgery on Wednesday so and I volunteered because I'd had the day off work to take this person to
the hospital and then take them back after the surgery so it's like I'm going to a hospital and
I'm like sick and I'm like trying not to get my friends sick who's having the operation it's just
like oh my god it's crazy so this is just this is just a bad week so you know I know some of you
look forward to olr on Monday but let me just tell you this is just you need to let me have a
sick day once so I know and I know everybody's really cool and is understanding and sort but
just oh my god this is a bad week anyway my friend what is on your mind well I wanted to call and
talk about the extra life event that we had at my store Saturday before last oh yeah you guys you
guys did the extra life thing at the store right yes we did how'd that go it was fun and amazing
I cannot wait to do it again next year um how did it go how was it set up tell us a little more
about it what it was like being there well first off we had a couple of my cosplay friends show up
as Superman Batman and Nightwing so they were getting swarmed left and right by fans and young
kids it was pretty cool and then we had them out like in the front of our store we have was called
the living room area where you know you walk by they have Xbox one set up and various games this
Saturday we had Just Dance set up so one of my co-workers who's like a natural at it is playing
Just Dance with the other three and it's just like paparazzi all over the place is your store
in Times Square so you get like that huge tourist crowd no there was a store in Times Square but it
closed we're further up Fifth Avenue work three blocks from the Apple store gotcha yeah and then
up on the second floor where we had the entire event we had DJs there you know rotating every
hour or so and then on the large screens we had see in theater one we have the whole extra life
set up our goals and like every so often we have different gamers you know with their tags their
links you know playing games and it was pretty fun um the big one the most popular games being
played that day on the big screen was Rocket League oh okay fun and then later that evening
we are wired up at Xbox 360 for Ultra Street Fighter 4 nice I love you saw the picture of my
god Street Fighter 4 on a large 230 inch screen I did see that that looked pretty hot yeah in the
middle we have a console set up for Call of Duty and Halo 5 and in the back area we had rock band
set up so that was pretty fun how much did you guys raise our goal in store was to raise a
thousand but we hit 469 but after everybody donated and Microsoft matching and so forth we
raised a total of $2,700 oh not too shabby yeah nice well congrats thank you and that's a good
cause so well that sounds like it was fun especially you know all that gaming in a large
retail space and you know kind of I know it was kind of like you're working but you're getting
to play and it's a good cause that's pretty cool yeah definitely and I loved every single minute
of it we have plans for next year but I'm hoping we can get that going that's gonna be really out
there well maybe if I have the money slash time I can I can make a cameo next year we can we can
start planning on that now I am very much overdue for a trip to New York it's seriously almost been
10 years I am so overdue overdue is not the word it's like you know it's getting to the point where
we're just making random trips to the airport like Rob should be coming in well I would I would for
especially for a good cause like that I am planning on Washington DC next year I know
that's the thing that's happening but I know that's that's still a little ways out for
magfest obviously you know I've talked about that on the show already my first magfest is gonna be
what mid-february early February when that is but I would love to get back to New York City there's
so many great people and the things to do there so and we can't wait to see you man we're looking
forward to it all right well good job and good job raising money for a good cause and look forward
to more stories from you Rama you got it brother all right take care of my friend you too all right
bye bye bye 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio in the meantime Loki got
anything else for us no no sadly that's okay 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio
I was gonna bring this up earlier cuz during the break we were playing some music from you know we
just did some different game music random stuff and I I happen to play that song from Final Fantasy
10 that you hear in the very beginning of the game where they're doing the tournament you what's it
what's the name of that song oh what's the name of the song from Final Fantasy 10 the big big rock
song other world that's it that was the song I was playing during the break and Loki had commented
that that song you had hacked into Final Fantasy 11 they had a thing where you could swap up the
music so that was my in-party battle music is like totally awesome and then my solo battle music was
smacked my bitch up and that was awesome too and then of course they changed the chocobo writing
music from the chocobo theme to the foul course theme from never in story which it was even more
awesome it just made that game even better nice nice you know Final Fantasy 11 got its last patch
this week or its last major story but I keep hearing that they'll still be like little quality
of life patches for a little while but this is the last story patch essentially at this point the
game will not be changed and that was released on 11 11 or got that that patch and then of course
the service for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 2 going to be ending in like March or April I think and
then PC service will continue and then there'll be whatever is happening with the mobile expansion
or whatever the hell they're gonna do next for Final Fantasy 11 I look forward when it goes to
free play yeah you hope you're hoping it's uh it's gonna be interesting but also there's a Final
Fantasy 11 event in Final Fantasy 14 one of the characters from 11 shows up in 14 and there's like
this whole little like cross-promotion thing going on although it's a newer character so it's not
anybody I recognize but I thought it was funny because you do all these different fates in 14
and one of them is you go to the beach and you fight all these crabs and the dialogue actually
says when I needed training I would get together with some friends and go to the beach and we would
fight all these crabs and then that's the that's the fate that you do and it actually plays the
old battle music from 11 while you're fighting all the crabs so I thought that was really funny
so it was a cute little event that they had in 14 and then at the end of it you get the person's
armor that you can not transmogrify what do they call it again glamour you can glamour your gear
into that gear which I thought was pretty cool so yep all right wow it's quiet tonight on the
phones 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio give you one more chance to get
through here before we call it a night here in studio um any gaming plans for this week any
games you guys are still looking to pick up this week I hear a lot of people I was getting a
text from shane earlier in the show about the amiibo festival game on wii u uh talking about
um that and so I'm hoping I can check that out I kind of wrote it off after the direct I'm like
it doesn't look that interesting to me but I don't know you come over and play it yeah I probably
should yeah I probably should do that um I should give a shout out because I'm supposed to make an
appearance at something Tuesday and assuming I feel better which I should be I I've been getting
better every day as far as the sick thing goes but you know our buddies uh Gabe and Brianna that
been on the show previously they're with the Sacramento IGDA they are doing a little event
on Tuesday at the cafe colonial as they do a lot of gaming events there but they're doing one on
Tuesday that's kind of like uh I think it's like um I apologize I don't have the notes right in
front of me but I think it's like kind of like a game jam result type of thing where uh developers
who have been working hard on games are gonna like show their games you can kind of give some
early feedback yeah they're really he keeps trying to rope you into it I'm like I'm telling him like
sorry man I would love to do it like seriously every time I see the posts about those I'd like
I really want to participate in that I just can't you got it my family they will not let me
participate in that if it was like Thursdays during the day or I don't know like way later
on demo night IGDA demo night that's what they're doing this week so I did work on my game a little
bit I've been really exhausted so I did work on some um stuff with my online leaderboard thing I
was trying to debug some stuff there but I really is like 15 minutes worth of total work on it um
but I'm I really want to get it done still I haven't forgotten about it so it's just life
unfortunately and working at work it's getting busier so I've left down time and in my brain
dead at work so it's like I have breaks and like I'm just watching a youtube video because I can't
switch my focus to just program right now it's not worth completely understand how it goes like um
and by the way I'm gonna I'm gonna put one more call out there for calls one eight seven seven
game olr or username on skype or in songs radio if nobody else calls in I guess we'll wrap up
um but um I was gonna say um uh as far as that goes I know how it goes like this week I really
wanted to do more live streaming because I was like okay I bought these classic nes cartridges
let's do either a live stream or like a youtube or kind of like both uh let's put these things to
some use and then I'm sick I'm I'm like floored out for like four days straight so I know how
it goes you plan one thing and then it's like lol not gonna happen ha so there it is you know how
that goes um but I I I will try to make time to put that in and I know think actdeft is making
the mad rush to get to us to get to get in on skype and call in yeah oh we can always trust
actdeft to save the day when calls are a little bit slow we need more people to do a tune up tune
up live for the shows uh remember sunday night six o'clock pacific nine o'clock eastern uh at
vog network.com I'm really excited though uh in the coming months I'm hoping that we're gonna get
our name out there more and more you know I haven't been able to do a lot of promotion for
vog uh or the show but with us doing gamer x we're gonna get to meet a ton of people there
and then um you know magfest I'm hoping we can do something there and so on so that'll be exciting
help uh help grow our little uh family a bit and get us some more callers here on the show but
how about that I think somebody's making good on their chat promise hi uh you're on orange
sounds radio who's this hey this actdeft hey actdeft what a surprise to hear you on the show
yeah I'm just I'm just giving you crap what's up buddy what's on your mind
uh well um you were talking about amiibo festival uh you haven't played it yet right I have not I've
only seen what they teased on those directs and I was like I don't think I'm really into this but
I don't like jamie's telling me I might be wrong shane's even telling me I might be wrong and I'm
assuming you're calling in to tell me I'm wrong yeah pretty much all right well tell me about it
what is what is the game what is amiibo festival animal crossing um it's it's kind of hard to
explain it's definitely a party game it's uh you have to play it uh with other other people but
it's it's like I don't know I I thought it was it was uh way more fun than mario party
uh whereas when mario party uh it's more like a competition with with other people
with um an amiibo festival it's just enjoy the game uh and and if you win it's okay it's good
it's like more like a feel-good game yeah rather than a competitive one so it's really fun
saying it's a hippie dippy everybody wins type of thing
kinda you still there's still a first place a second place and that but see but you're not
going to threaten to kill the person playing as princess daisy for taking your star everyone does
get points in it that they can power up for outfits and stuff and unlockables and you can
unlock mini games you can play with other people because you know how mario party goes like if
somebody steals your star like you may actually hurt them yeah you're like motherfucker exactly
but what what this uh this game you're not a you're pretty much enjoying the game so
like i said it's really hard to explain it in uh in a simple way but basically it's like it's like
monopoly where uh wasn't like uh life threatening
basically you guessed that okay okay uh yeah i like that well okay i'll i'm gonna check it out
i just i was a little put off by the price but i do really want that isabel amiibo i think i've
actually lost count of how many amiibo i have don't laugh at me um i need to count them up
again but i think i could be up to just about 50 now because i just bought five of the animal
crossing amiibo you're getting there you're getting there i'm so disgusted with myself i
really am hey at least you don't have an almost complete collection so oh well then yeah i'm more
disgusted in you no i'm just kidding well you saw you probably saw maybe you didn't see because i
think i only put this on instagram i don't think i put it on twitter or anything but i actually have
not just the american rob the robot but i got a japanese rob the robot or as they call it over
there just robot because it's a different color and so i actually got the two and alan was like
wait a minute i thought you weren't going to be buying two characters in different poses because
i have like i have a mario from smash brothers i didn't get the mario from mario party i don't need
it i don't need to go that far with it where i have every figure right um yeah but i did buy
two robs but i'm like my name is rob he's one of my favorite characters and the japanese one does
look cooler than the american one and i thought it's cute when you have two of them side by side
because you know rob rob like my online name rob roberts yeah anyway it's it's it's like obvious
you have to have it exactly i have to have it yeah i also got it too it's it's it looks really
pretty great better than the american one yeah so now it's good that i don't know if you reported
on this but the famicon robot uh is also coming to america so you don't have to i know right i
heard it if you don't want it i heard that that it showed up in a target ad or something that it's
gonna yeah yeah and the weird and one of the amiibo kiosks uh it appeared that the the sorry
the famicon robot it's coming to america so yeah you it's it's not that expensive it's like 20
dollars on amazon so it's not really that much a lot of you if you want to wait yeah yeah i
actually have more japanese amiibo than you'd think you know let's not forget in some ways
akuma jp is to kind of blame for some of this i'm just saying because and i'm always saying that
because i know he's listening but remember one of the first amiibo was that we fit trainer and i was
here crying and bitching and moaning and bellyaching about what a fucking pain in the ass it
was to get a we fit trainer because there wasn't enough of them and that you know the the stock
shortages and all that stuff or whatever they were uh talking about and then you know akuma jp being
the cool guy he is is like well i can just walk into a store in japan and get one you want me to
get you one here i just show up in the mail and sure enough he sends me a we fit trainer and it
was suddenly like the clouds parted amiibo collecting can be easy you just have to be
willing to import from japan and now a lot of figures of might have come from japan not even
just like akuma jp ended up sending me like a pac-man later on but like you know i got that rob
i bought one of my other figures came from japan my tune link came from japan because i couldn't
find them here anymore because they're kind of like gone but they were on uh um uh amazon for
like 12 bucks because i guess a japanese store was trying to clear them out so i bought a japanese
too i just wanted tote kk without having to spend 35 for the three pack when they sell him as a
single in japan uh keep i'm telling you keep an eye on amazon because at some point you may have
to pay like 15.99 so 12.99 but it's 20 bucks on um playasia so it may cost a little too much it
may come down you'll never know but they do have a couple of the other ones yeah yeah like the
duck hunt amiibo uh the japanese version on amazon is ten dollars which uh free shipping oh yeah it's
not bad yeah here you have to buy the the retro pack with robin and game and watch so if you
only want the duck hunt yeah yeah and i love the duck hunt amiibo and i love the rob amiibo
obviously but i i truly think the mr game and watch amiibo is probably the worst amiibo in
my entire collection it really is like no no i like it but i i that's i think that cheap plastic
thing they did i mean i get the cute idea behind it but i think it's kind of executed poorly
and like okay when you when you use mr game and watch and yoshi's wooly world to get the skin or
whatever it's just a pure black yoshi like it's kind of dippy i'm i'm not a fan of the mr blackface
yoshi no no don't go there no there so yeah i was not uh not pleased with mr game and watch so he
sits in the back of my collection but then also most of my amiibo come from imports uh i think i
what probably uh like a third of my amiibo come are american uh another part uh another third
could be from europe and most of them yeah from japan because they they sometimes are cheaper
even than the than msrp here in america so yeah it's gotten a lot better this year than it was
last year because it's i bet if i go back and listen to some of my amiibo rants from last year
i'm gonna be so ashamed of myself that how full throttle i've gone on this but now it's much
easier to get on amazon and once in a while you can kind of find what you're looking for you know
except i guess you know there's some amiibo i have that shane is actually like really irritated that
i have them and he doesn't because now he can't find them and one of them is that we fit trainer
so thank you akuma jp seriously you don't know how much that that little piece of plastic figure
means to me because that's something i can hold over shane going i have this and you don't
but also this apparently samus really hard not zero suit but original samus is apparently really
hard to find now and he's like i can't find a samus anywhere do you know what other figure
or amiibo figure is really hard to find right now what's that kirby i don't have a kirby in
my collection and i i right now you it's like uh at least an american one i think it costs
like 35 dollars yeesh so yeah i'm like it's the first one i got
but yeah i think the japanese version is like 18 16 so it's not that uh difficult to find but
yeah it's kind of expensive all right awesome yes it's because it's getting rare to find
all right well uh akuma jp i'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show all righty
oh i'm sorry i'm having a arigato sorry i'm chatting with akuma jp in chats right now
that's what i get for multitasking during the show is he sent me a message on something else
so sorry about that sorry act deft uh anything else on your mind before i let you go
okay thanks for having me thank you bye
i can't handle it i'm malfunctioning rob the robots breaking down we gotta end the show
calling people by the wrong name that's what you get when people private message me during the show
usually i just won't even call him dark sakura usually i was messaging you usually i don't even
look at my private messages during the show but sometimes i'm like all right i'll try to
multitask a little bit and then that's what happens i call somebody the wrong name but anyway uh
so okay we're gonna wrap up uh uh tonight's episode of orange laundry thank you guys so
much for being here uh and i appreciate you guys uh tuning in and listening every week whether it
be uh live here at the voice geeks network with us or on our podcast feed however you decide to
consume the show really appreciate it hey if you enjoyed what you heard here at olr don't forget to
tell a friend or two or or 20 about our program spread the word help uh help note where every
gamer has a voice here at orange lounge radio uh a five-star review wherever you found this show
on itunes or stitcher radio or or wherever soon to come i guess google play i did get the
confirmation mail that will be in the google play thing whenever it launches so that's exciting
uh so soon there uh wherever you can find podcasts uh help spread the word about orange
on radio i really appreciate it let's go around and get everybody's final thought for tonight
i'll go first my final thought is i really don't want to be sick anymore i am sick of sniffling
i'm done i'm over it i've had it officially loki your final thought tonight um since i am kind of
low on data for my plan and probably won't be playing too much ingress on wednesday maybe i'll
work on my game instead all right that seems like a fair compromise we'll see all right we'll see
but then level eight is so maybe there's a wi-fi somewhere that you could use
and well it's just i am now we'll see all right and last but not least dark soccer your final
thought tonight that's it all right well i hope you feel better all right uh thank you guys so
much for listening to our show it's good to be back always uh rough after a week off uh i hate
to uh break the pattern like that but appreciate you guys uh having us back on your playlist this
week here at orange on trio we will be back in seven days to do it all again just before the
thanksgiving holidays so we will see you after a huge game release week next week and we'll check
in and see how fallout 4 or whatever it is that you're playing is going for you have a great week
everybody we'll see you next time you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into vog network.com sunday
nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were
all still true see you next week
you
