Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Twitch breathes new life into art with the resurgence of infamous big-haired painter Bob Ross, while new life was also given to some DRM-laden plastic games.
Raise your Bob Ross kappas, zappas, and join us in our happy little Studio N7 on this week's show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with episode number 620 for this November the 1st of 2015.
I hope all you guys that celebrated Halloween yesterday had a happy and safe one and are on Candy OD today.
So, you know, you can sit around and eat Snickers bars and play video games and listen to us talk about games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
Myself here in Studio N7 in Sacramento, California, Rob Roberts, joined by DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Boar.
How are you?
Um, yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I'm fantastic.
Is that fantastic?
I'm glad you are.
I'm glad you're fantastic.
Are you not fantastic?
I don't know.
You're so difficult to get emotion out of sometimes.
I know. That's what I do.
If you were an NPC in a video game, you'd be the one that you walk up to and you press A and the character pops up and just says dot, dot, dot.
I'd be the Tsundere.
Is that what they're called?
I guess.
Alright. Also, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
So, not that I'm nosy, but I'm totally nosy and I notice you're on the Humble Bundle website right now.
I got like four emails from them and I was like, is there anything good on here?
Nope.
You are being tempted by Humble Bundles, I thought.
No, I'm not.
Oh.
I'm not because I don't have the money for it right now and there's something I really want, so.
They still the Capcom Bundle or is that done now?
That's done.
It's the Humble Jumbo Bundle 5 now or something like that.
Gotcha.
Well.
Doesn't have any games I want.
At least it's, you know, all charity and all that.
Well, hell, there's games I didn't even realize that were in my library.
Like, I just saw Command & Conquer Red Alert 3.
I'm like, wait, I thought I had that like little like teaser thing that they had as part of the EA Bundle, but I don't remember getting the full game, but apparently it's there.
So, somewhere I bought that.
Alright.
I don't even remember anymore.
We are joined in studio tonight with some special guests, but I do also want to give a shout out to the other ever present fourth guest on our show, the Chat Room.
If you are listening live to our program, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And if you are listening live, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after Bobby Black Wolf, and you can chat along with the show live, live.vognetwork.com.
And over in chat, Tiger Claw says, we didn't have any trick-or-treaters show up, so we had all the candy to ourselves.
Yeah, I noticed like less and less trick-or-treaters are actually out there and it's probably because, you know, people are crazy and, you know.
But actually I found in our neighborhood, Alan actually went out and bought like candy at the dollar store or whatever, so he'd have something to give away.
Because last year he got caught without candy and he answered the door and there were some kids there and he had that awkward moment of uh.
And like luckily we had like an emergency supply of Smarties, because who actually eats Smarties, right?
So we had an emergency supply as we gave it to the kids.
But this year he was better prepared and we actually had the light on.
Apparently he gave it all away.
And I was like, wow, we had enough kids show up in the neighborhood.
Oh, that reminds me.
Yeah?
Is it candy?
It must be candy.
Shut up.
Yay.
Trick-or-treat.
Smell my feet.
I was gonna say there was always that Japanese candy if you had any more of that left.
Fucking yes.
There's this uh.
She got my favorite.
It's the little.
And clearly she has picked them all out of the bag.
Yes I did.
She got me the vanilla Tootsie Rolls, which are my favorite.
I picked them out of the bag for you.
Yeah.
Actually I picked them out for me and then I decided I wouldn't eat them so that I gave them to you.
Now I feel like a true rock star.
Because, you know, like those uh.
I only want the green M&Ms.
You have to pick out all the green M&Ms from the bag.
They taste different.
That's right.
The green ones make you horny.
Uh, let's see.
Go into our chat over at live.vognotework.com.
ActDeaf says, I want to get Undertale on Steam.
The soundtrack is pretty good.
You know, I've heard a lot of good things about that game.
I haven't picked it up myself yet, but I hear a lot of comparisons to like Earthbound and that it's like a love letter to video games.
So I'm very curious about it.
I watched a YouTuber play part of it.
It looked okay.
Yeah, it looked alright.
I'll have to check that out.
If you want to recommend some games, join our chat room over at live.vognotework.com.
But we do have some friends in studio.
These are actually some new friends to OLR.
These guys have not been on the show before.
But there's some guys that I've known for a little while.
So I'm going to let them introduce themselves.
Because I don't know if they want to use their real name on the show.
But first off, joining us tonight we have.
Hi, I'm Mike.
Hi Mike, how are you?
I'm good.
Good.
Make sure when you talk in the mic, get real close to the mic.
Make sweet love to the mic.
Otherwise they can't hear you.
Okay.
You have to practically deep throat the mic.
You do.
You do.
You do a little bit.
Should not be that challenging.
Alright.
How are you doing?
Doing good.
Good.
Welcome.
Welcome to the show.
So you've listened to OLR before.
You know what you're getting into, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you and I have played Final Fantasy XIV online together before, right?
Yes.
What do you play in XIV?
I'm in Ora.
A male Ora.
Yeah.
The new race.
The Ora.
Well, I started up when it came out for Mac.
So I was interested in playing with a controller.
And the Mac client's not as bad now.
It was awful at first.
Gotcha.
And folks that are listening live, I am trying to get his voice up a little bit.
So sometimes we have to adjust.
I'll talk a little louder.
Talk a little louder.
Thank you.
Perfect.
Sounds good.
And in chat they say, Mike sounds just like Shane.
No.
Okay.
I'll spice it up a little.
There you go.
There you go.
Which is funny because Shane is actually here in the studio.
And it's not like there's this weird like twin identity thing.
But I don't know if Shane's actually.
Shane just wants to play on his cell phone tonight.
They could do that though.
We'll see.
I'll speak with some excitement.
There you go.
A little more enthusiasm than what Shane usually gives us.
Appreciate it.
All right.
What other games do you play besides XIV?
I'm pretty much addicted to Hearthstone right now.
Last month I spent pretty much the whole month.
I took a break from XIV because we're in the lull of waiting for the patch.
And so I decided to try to push for Legend in Hearthstone.
Which is the top ranks and stuff.
And I didn't quite make it to my goal.
But I peaked at rank 4.
And it's a ladder system.
So up to rank 1.
After rank 1 it's a legend pool.
So made it up to rank 4.
And then I don't know what happened.
But slipped all the way back down.
And boo.
Now Blizzcon is obviously a pretty big deal in the Hearthstone community.
And that's happening this weekend.
And I'm kind of bummed out that I don't get to go after all.
Even though I'm a Diablo player.
And I feel like we're getting the short end of the stick.
Or no end of the stick this year at Blizzcon.
But whatever.
But I know they do a lot of big Hearthstone stuff there.
With the tournaments and everything.
Are you going to have your big popcorn watching the Blizzcon at home game?
Depending on what I'm doing.
I'll keep up with it.
But otherwise I'll probably be...
If I'm doing something else I'll probably just try to keep up as best I can on my phone or Twitter or whatever.
But looking forward to all the stuff they're going to announce.
Supposedly supposed to be a new expansion or adventure coming out.
So new stuff. Yay.
Nice.
Is that free still or are they still doing that stupid pay per view bullshit?
It's pay per view but it's all...
Oh come on.
It's not through DirecTV I don't think.
Thank you Activision. You're awesome.
Pay per view to view stupid fucking conferences.
You get a digital pet and I think some other things.
Ah fuck them. Seriously.
If all you want is news, that's what Twitter's for.
And that's probably what I'll end up doing honestly.
And if any big moments come up like the red shirt guy asks a question or something, it'll be on YouTube.
As much as they want to get it taken down. It'll be on YouTube.
Once it's on the internet you can't take it off, right?
I know you have some other passions that aren't just video games.
I want to give you a chance to give a cheap plug.
I know you've done some other work with podcasting.
I don't know if you want to give it a cheap plug here.
Well, just like talking about sports pretty much.
I don't have anything really to plug at the moment because I'm not really tied with anything specifically.
But trying to do something on my own eventually.
See what I can do with the podcasting actually.
What sports ball is your favorite sports ball?
I really, really, really love basketball.
Basketball? Then who's your team?
I don't have a team. I actually just like watching basketball.
You're a free agent right now?
Yes, pretty much.
I thought you were going to say football.
I'm cheap. Just entertain me.
I know you have a team for football.
Oh, let's not. No, I'm just kidding.
San Diego, sadly.
Aw, everybody feels sorry for Mike.
Just kidding.
Whatever.
But you're from San Diego, so you have to have a little loyalty there, I understand.
What about sports video games?
Obviously that's a little...
We don't usually get into that topic a lot here on OLR.
But do you play them at all?
Do you dabble in that?
Or no, it's just not the same experience for you?
Not at all, because I'd rather...
Usually when it comes to sports, if I'm watching a game,
I really get the itch to actually go out and play, especially basketball.
I'm like, oh my god, I can't wait to go out and play.
I want to just mess around and imitate some players.
Just mess around. Not even imitate, imitate, but just screw around, basically.
So when you're there playing video games and one of the parents is yelling,
why don't you go outside and actually play that game?
You're one of those people that will actually go outside and play the game.
Kind of. I was forced to.
I was forced to as a kid to go out and play basketball, and then it ended up sticking.
Alright.
Alright, mom. Thank you.
There you go.
Also joining us tonight, we have another guest.
Another guy that I've played Final Fantasy XIV with.
He sends a pattern here.
We're having a little free company IRL meetup this weekend.
Sort of. Mini thing.
But why don't you introduce yourself?
Hi, I'm Daniel.
Hi, Daniel. How are you?
I'm doing great.
Great.
I feel that coffee kicking in, so my heart's palpitating right now.
And with you and Michael sharing a mic tonight, this is going to be very interesting,
because you're much louder, but you're in a good place.
How are you? So you play XIV as well.
Yes.
That's how we sort of know each other.
What do you play in XIV?
I play a...
Oh, great. I'm going to blank out. What are the cat people called again?
Mikote.
Yes, Mikote.
Mythra?
I was thinking Mythra. That's what I was thinking of from XI.
I mean, really, they're just the same races, but they have to change the names for some stupid reason.
A Mikote, I think they're called.
Yeah.
A Coyote Mikote.
Mikote.
Now that 3.0's come out, I've been put back to Summoner as my main, which I'm loving.
For a while, I was really hating the endgame with the Summoner, so I switched to the Black Mage,
but now with all the new rotations and everything coming out, I really enjoy Summoner a lot with Heavensward.
Awesome. What other games are you into besides just XIV?
I also play Hearthstone as well with Michael, and for this last month I haven't played too much,
but I did end up playing Guacamelee, the Super Turbo Championship Edition.
Oh, yeah. That's a fun game.
Yeah. I've been watching a lot of Let's Plays of Mario Maker, and I don't own a Wii U,
so I was like, I need to get my platforming fixed somehow.
And I looked through my whole PS4 library, and I happen to have Guacamelee from PlayStation Plus,
so I was like, hey, let's give this a shot, and it managed to scratch that itch well enough.
Good. But we have a Wii U here at Studio N7, so were you checking out Mario Maker earlier?
I did. I did finally get a chance to play it, and it seems the controls are slippery.
I didn't expect that.
At least with a lot of the levels I tried were the original Super Mario Brothers-style level,
and I don't know if it's just that particular style, but the controls are a lot more slippery than I remember.
So I don't know if that's something that they did on purpose, or if that is actually how it was, or if I'm remembering wrong.
Our mind plays interesting tricks on us, but I'm sure some of the physics have changed,
because obviously, well, and what's funny is that I saw you just before playing Mario Maker,
you were playing NES Remix, which actually uses the ROMs, and it's the smaller screen.
So in Mario Maker, they had to basically go back and reinvent the wheel, because everything's rendered for widescreen now,
which, you know, remember folks, Super Mario Brothers was not widescreen.
Yeah, and I commented on that.
It was not HD, yeah, so they did have to remake everything, so if the physics are a little different...
And having that Super Mario Brothers graphics, but on a full screen, you're just like, whoa!
Yeah, right?
Giant.
It's a little jarring at first, but I think that's part of the reason, too, that you don't just have World 1-1,
at least not endorsed by Nintendo, I'm sure it's been done 5,000 times over by Mario level makers,
but that's why they didn't have an official World 1-1, because people that remember how to do it,
you know, with their hands tied behind their back and blindfolded, or whatever,
With their toes.
Whatever it was Jamie could do on World 8-1 or 8-2, which still blows my mind.
I can't do it anymore, but the whole level was all timing.
Yeah, but I bet if you were to, you could even go, like, essentially pixel perfect or object perfect in Mario Maker with that same level,
and you would not do it, because just that slight difference in the mechanics when things go to HD.
We talked about this just a little bit last week, we were talking about that Mega Man remake in Unity,
and how it looks great, but it's probably, if the physics are even slightly different,
the purists are going to have a big problem with it, because I can't speedrun this the way I used to.
So, just food for thought. Food for thought.
Let's see, going over to our chatroom over at live.vog.network.com.
ActDef saying Guacamelee is freaking awesome.
It is. Let's see, USS Rover says just added OLR to list.
Now 194 shows in spreadsheet.
Awesome, well I hope that's a good list, and not like list of shows to send flaming bag of poo to.
I hope that's, of course 194 would be a lot of bags, so no, I appreciate you being here in chat and checking us out.
And VXJ6V, I love this answer in chat over at live.vog.network.com, says,
My favorite sports ball is Rocket League.
Hell to the yes, that game is awesome.
Mike, can you check out Rocket League? Have you seen Rocket League?
No, I haven't. I've heard you guys talk about it.
I know what we're doing after the show.
I know you guys have like an hour drive home, but you have to see Rocket League, it's a lot of fun.
It's like, it's soccer meets, okay, you just made a face when I said soccer.
Are you one of those guys?
I'm one of those guys.
Okay, well try to...
Soccer's like, I don't know, they're just...
You're going to start a fight here on OLR that I don't need.
That's fine.
Will you at least do Mega Man soccer? Because Mega Man soccer is rad.
But it's still soccer.
Ah, you're hopeless. Alright, it's soccer meets like Mario Kart.
Which is awesome, I don't know.
I've heard good things about it, so I'll check it out.
I mean, the second I start seeing it as, this is just soccer, it's going to be awful.
Let me break it down into mic terms then. It's soccer if soccer was cool.
No, I've heard nothing but good things about it, like across from everyone that's on the podcast I listen to.
It's been nothing but good things.
So, eh, I want to check it out.
But, the soccer comparison is probably...
How about air hockey?
Sure.
That's worlds better than soccer.
At least people can't flop on air hockey.
Wait, what's that Dan? We can't hear you.
I'm sorry non-Americans, but I can't do soccer.
Alright, whatever.
At least people can't flop on air hockey.
That's true, that's true.
Alright, alright. Let's see.
Act Deft in our chatroom, who by the way, he's from Mexico, if you guys didn't know, listens to the show.
Act Deft says, why are you laughing at that? Because you know you're about to get some big shit, aren't you?
He's about to get red.
He's about to get red.
I know what I said.
You are about to get red.
That's fine.
The library is open. Here it is.
Act Deft says, soccer is awesome. You're just American and you're built to hate it.
That's what I know. I know.
I played soccer for five years when I was a kid. Did you know that?
Sorry.
I played soccer.
Why do you think I'm so skinny?
For the record, Manchester United all the way.
I like soccer. The views and opinions expressed by that guy...
Are wrong.
Do not reflect those of Orange Line.
I watched soccer before I watched baseball.
Uh oh, uh oh.
No, no, no. Hold on, hold on.
Shane is gonna wreck you.
Let me explain for a second.
It's because baseball, like I've tried so hard for like several times to get into baseball.
And I end up flat out falling asleep.
Like during the games on the TV, on TV.
Going to a game is different.
I can already see the comments to this episode.
Never invite that guy again.
No, I'm just kidding, I'm kidding.
Soccer is worlds better.
Somebody's gotta have the opinion that other people don't want to hear.
That's what we're about.
I hate all sports. They all fucking suck.
All of them. Every single one of them.
Especially baseball.
From fucking ballet to fucking ice hockey to football.
It all fucking sucks.
There, done.
So what do you do in sports?
What about esports?
You have to get the puck into the cup and then someone vomits.
Is that how sports ball works?
Yeah, as long as there's cheerleaders.
Alright, back to video games, people.
Blades of Steel.
Yes, let's all agree. Blades of Steel is awesome.
Daniel, what else? What's your favorite video game of all time?
I always ask new people this to the show.
What is your favorite video game of all time?
And I'm only taking your first answer.
Final Fantasy IX.
Really? Nine of the whole series?
Yes, VIII has a special place in my heart because that's what I started with.
But IX, I replayed it in 2011 and after really being able to appreciate the writing and the character development in it and the music,
I was just like, nope, this is my favorite. This is it. Got it.
Oh, you sweet, sad summer child.
Wait, am I wrong?
You need to go back and play the classics.
Well, I think IX is one of the better ones. I will give you that, but it doesn't hold a candle to VI.
True.
Let me ask this question.
I can't have that opinion yet because I haven't finished VI.
I know you're a younger guy than me. We were having this conversation about how old you guys were when OLR started earlier and I wanted to cry.
I wanted to fucking cry.
How old were you when Final Fantasy IX came out?
Oh, god, I remember playing it, but I'm trying to remember the freaking year. What was it, 1999?
1999 was eight, so nine was...
So 2000 it came out.
About 2000, 2001, yeah.
Okay, if it came out in 2000, then I was just going into like sixth grade.
Okay, because I don't know if it was Bobby who said this or somebody else, but it's always your favorite Final Fantasy game is the one that came out when you were 12 years old.
That is going to be your favorite Final Fantasy game, always.
Well, it was my favorite for a long time because I was about that age.
But they were close.
Well, they were one year apart, really.
And so I feel like after getting older and being able to appreciate some of those more eccentric parts to the storyline and everything, IX kind of won my heart over.
Alright, fair enough, fair enough. No, I like IX.
IX had that fan service that people wanted to see that VII and VIII didn't have because VII and VIII were so like...
Especially VII was just a radically different setting compared to like IV or V and VI, right?
So IX kind of gave a taste of that classic Final Fantasy.
It began to set the trend that VIII followed and so did X and then you see it again in XIII where it's that futuristic kind of neo-science fantasy that you see in a lot of Final Fantasies now.
That thankfully XIV kind of went backwards a little bit and is incorporating more of the fantasy aspect.
Okay, fair enough. Mike, since I didn't ask you this same question about favorite video game of all time, what's your answer?
Any of the Metal Gears, except for like Peace Walker.
So any Metal Gear game?
Metal Gear 1, of course, is gonna be my... or Metal Gear Solid 1.
So not Metal Gear NES, but Metal Gear... because I love Metal Gear NES. The truck have started to move.
It's one of my favorites.
But you were probably too young. Were you even born yet when that game came out? Probably not.
Probably not.
Snake's Revenge doesn't count.
Yes, no, Snake's Revenge wasn't a real Metal Gear game anyway.
And Snake Rattle and Roll just was a really weird departure of the series.
Snake Rattle and Roll was like what happened when he took LSD.
So Metal Gear Solid 1, we'll say.
Yeah.
And why?
Just holds nostalgia purposes, but I mean I think it was...
Oh god, I don't want to say how old I was.
Just say it. Fine, I'm over it already.
I was younger than 10 when I started playing it.
And I don't know what it was. I just thought it was super cool.
And then I've gone back and kind of replayed some of the earlier games in the series.
And I've got a better appreciation for the plotline and stuff.
As convoluted as it is, I'll be the first to tell you.
Yeah, it's a clusterfuck and a half.
But if you've stuck with it from one all the way through, it makes a bit more sense.
You can't just jump into four or five and be like...
And really give it a fair judgment because it's like, what is this shit?
Tell me, do you believe love can bloom on a battlefield?
I love that song, Love is a Battlefield.
Thank you, Pat.
And then Jordan Sparks sang about a battlefield too.
Oh no. I'll take it back three.
Snake Eater was my favorite.
Was it the song? Because the song was pretty great.
It was the music and the fact that you go back and it finally clears up some things that you've been waiting on for a while.
And just the origin of it, basically. It was really, really great.
I remember with that one E3 where they gave away the Snake Eater on vinyl.
Do you know how much that must be worth these days?
I've got two of them.
Oh my god, you should look them up on eBay.
They're probably worth the money.
No.
Anyway, out of curiosity, have you played Phantom Pain yet?
I have not. It's on my list to pick up things. I'm always really slow on picking up games.
That's fine.
But I played, what was it, the Ground Zeroes?
Yeah.
Yeah. I played that and that was cool, I guess.
It didn't quite scratch that Metal Gear itch for me, but it's essentially a demo, so you can't ask for too much out of a demo.
So obviously, if you like Metal Gear, you must be a bit of a Kojima fan, so what do you think about all this fuckery between Kojima and Konami?
Sad face.
I think that's the only way to describe it.
That's like when your computer crashes in Windows 10.
They got rid of the blue screen to death, now it literally just puts up a sad face.
I'm sad. They took a cue out of Apple's playbook. That's what the Mac always did, right? Like a little sad computer.
So they have a little sad face that comes up now.
It was just really shitty to see how that all ended because it's just, especially for me, being a big Metal Gear fan and seeing Kojima's name on all the titles.
It's like, man, this guy's done quite a bit with Konami, and then it was just, nah, fuck you.
They have it all be over.
Yeah, it was just like a shitty breakup. It was almost like watching a friend go through a horrible breakup.
It is.
It's just disgusting and awkward and sad.
Yeah, they ran away from home to join a soccer league.
Yes, or a baseball team.
Anyhow, I want to introduce him real fast. He is here in studio. Hand the mic over to Shane. Hi, Shane, how are you?
Hi.
Do you want to say anything about baseball and how Mike's wrong?
I want to go into the other room with this mic so I don't have to be in the same room with him.
How are you doing this week?
Fine.
How's Power Rangers toy hunting?
I'm technically done.
Alright. Congrats.
Thank you.
Good job on that.
It'll never end, though, for real.
Tell us the latest and greatest in amiibo hunting because you're kind of our amiibo expert here.
There's no hunting really going on right now. The 3-pack came out today for the fighters and I picked that up and they're not bad looking.
The end.
The end.
I'm going to be very mean here and spoil a little bit of what I know Loki's going to talk about in the opening here, but I know you love right now this year.
You talk non-stop about Until Dawn.
Because it's so good. It's the best game this year.
Alright. Well, what did you think when the Sony thing happened this week?
I already heard about that.
Until Dawn in VR.
I heard about that before they announced it and it doesn't look great, but, you know, if it gives them a little more money to make a real game, then that's fine.
Do you think that they just took this existing idea and just slapped Until Dawn's name on it?
Possibly, but I also think Sony made them make this before they found out Until Dawn was actually successful.
Interesting. Is it the same studio doing it?
Yeah.
Huh. Interesting. Did you want to comment on that, Dan?
No.
Oh, I saw you, like, pointing. Alright.
I think that's a good point.
Yeah. That's a good point. Alright.
Let's see. Anything else to check in on Shane with? Let's see.
I got an epitome, though, also from my non-girlfriend at Toys R Us.
Okay. Can you tell us about your girlfriend at Toys R Us?
There's this girl that I always talk to at Toys R Us.
And I'm using girlfriend in my quotey fingers.
I even met her.
Yeah. Yeah, Jamie met her.
Completely independently of Shane being there.
Does she listen to OLR? Because if not, you need to go take the show information.
Anyway. Anyway. So there's this girl at Toys R Us that always helps me with Power Rangers and amiibo stuff.
And I always go, because Toys R Us' layout, Power Rangers is really close to amiibo.
So I just head straight back there, look at my Power Rangers, go look at amiibo, and then I'm done.
And I talk to her a little bit, and she helps me find things.
Like, that's how I found a lot of the stuff that I've been looking for.
And then I guess her coworkers keep asking her if I am her boyfriend, because I always go back there and talk to her.
So it got me a pit amiibo.
So there it is.
Best relationship ever.
Shane goes shopping for amiibo so much that Toys R Us employees think he's in a relationship with the girl.
Mostly Power Ranger toys, let's be honest, because amiibo only happened when I couldn't find Power Ranger toys.
All right. Fair enough. Fair enough.
All right. Maybe we'll hear from Shane again later in the show. Maybe we won't. I don't know.
But I do want to talk a little bit here, get into a kickoff topic for tonight.
And I want to talk about, this is interesting because this doesn't really have to do with video gaming, but it totally does.
And if you've been watching your blogs and your social media feed this week,
then I'm sure you have inevitably seen that all your friends are watching on Twitch, Bob Ross.
Yes, that's right. The painter from the 70s is now streaming on Twitch TV, the network dedicated to video games and streaming gameplay.
And you might be wondering, what the hell? Like, what does Bob Ross have to do with video games?
That's what I'm wondering.
Because, well, I know there was supposed to be a Bob Ross game on the Wii like years and years ago, but I think it got canceled.
Like it didn't actually end up happening. I just remember a story on that a long time ago, which would have been awesome.
I just want to preface with this. Bob Ross is fucking rad. And like, when this happened this week, this actually kind of made me giddy.
I was like, Bob Ross is streaming on Twitch? I'm like, I don't even need to know the reason.
Like, just, it's fine. Just, you know, that's it. Like, I don't need to know. But here is the reason.
So, Twitch is starting to open up a little more and they released this blog post about Twitch Creative.
Now, Twitch was already running creative streams. And by creative streams meaning people doing artwork, maybe that's game inspired.
People doing music that's game inspired or just, you know, kind of adjacent.
It's a really weird gray area because it doesn't have to be about games.
I know they do, like, live podcasts would sometimes stream through Twitch as well.
That's a little different. That's considered a gaming talk show. That's not a part of this.
But that is another, like, non-gaming thing that's there.
So, let's see. Part of the blog post here.
The Twitch community has included a determined community of artists, crafters, and builders who have been using Twitch to broadcast their creative processes.
These creative broadcasters share many of the same characteristics as all Twitch broadcasters.
Passion, engagement, and a community-centric world view.
Today we're happy to announce our official support for the Twitch creative community.
There are a few things that make the creative category unlike anything else on Twitch.
So, we along with our launch partner Adobe are excited to see what you can dream up.
Obviously Adobe, you know, Photoshop, pretty big deal.
And all the other illustrator and all the other tools they make.
So, they have a new landing page for the creative category to highlight specifically creative broadcasts and so forth.
And then at the end of this they just say, thanks to our friends at Janssen Media and Bob Ross Inc.
We'll broadcast every episode of the original Bob Ross show, The Joy of Painting, in an epic marathon starting at 2 p.m. Pacific.
That's 403 episodes of Bob Ross that will play over the course of 8.5 days.
And there's a special Bob Ross Kappa emote, too.
So, the Bob Ross tie-in is to celebrate, basically.
I mean, even though Twitch already had this creative side, now we're embracing it and taking the next step with it.
Which is so interesting to me because Twitch started as a spinoff of Justin TV, which was more about life casting and so forth.
But I would have expected that most of this stuff, if Justin TV was still around, would be on Justin TV.
So, it's almost like they're bringing back a little piece of that.
Because there's nothing that says that the music, the art, and all this stuff you do has to be games, necessarily.
I could be drawing, I don't know, the Golden Girls tattoo I'm going to get for my birthday.
And that would be art, right?
But I guess because I'm still a gamer in the gaming community, it counts.
But I mean, I'm not slamming it by any means. I think it's really cool.
And I know, DarkSakura, you're a creative individual.
Because then I say, and I'm not, but these sorts of things I know are things that you have done.
You've done broadcasting of art and so forth.
When I was doing all that Mass Effect artwork, like just the Let Me Draw Your Shepherd thing was going on.
I think I did like 24 different femsheps.
And I streamed almost all of the artwork I did, either on Twitch or livestream when I moved to livestream.
Because livestream I thought was a little bit better for that audience.
Well yeah, and I think you hit the nail on the head what Twitch is trying to say.
Is they're basically, they're literally rolling out the red carpet saying, you are welcome here with this.
It was easier streaming on Twitch. Livestream was kind of not exactly easy, but Twitch was super easy.
So I would be more than happy to go back and do the next artwork if I ever have time to do it on Twitch.
I actually didn't even know Twitch had stuff other than games.
I mean that's just me not really exploring Twitch.
Because for the most part all I've been doing is watching people play Hearthstone.
Or watch the tournaments and stuff like that.
Because Blizzard doesn't do too many tournaments throughout the year.
So it's a bunch of other people doing their own League Championships and all that other jazz.
But that's pretty cool.
I think it's probably a lot easier to get into that than what YouTube is trying to do.
Trying to get into the streaming with the gaming thing.
Because trying to get people to switch from Twitch where it seems really easy and everybody's already invested in it.
It's going to be a lot harder for them to do that than people wanting to get into streaming creative stuff.
Like the drawings and all that other stuff.
And what you just said I think hits the nail on the head of why I think this move on Twitch is part.
And I've been critical of Twitch in the past when necessary.
I've been complimentary of Twitch in the past when necessary.
I think this move that they did with the Bob Ross stream is genius.
It just shows that they're not just gaming and that, hey by the way you can do other things on here as opposed to...
It got your attention.
Like what the hell is Bob Ross, who is awesome by the way, doing on Twitch TV?
That's the reaction I think every person's having this week, right?
So I don't know. Shane, you're shaking your head. You don't agree?
I gotta hear this. I gotta hear this.
Why are you shaking your head no over there?
Because I watch a lot of Twitch. Let's get that out of the way.
It's more entertaining than Netflix and Hulu most of the time.
But good on them for opening it up. I don't want to watch Bob Ross.
I guess you don't have to.
But Bob Ross is awesome.
That's why I'm shaking my head too. I just don't care about him.
I think Bob Ross is awesome.
Here's why I think the Bob Ross stuff is awesome.
Why did live streaming, and this is again why I use that word genius.
And I don't know if this is one of those idiot savant things where they didn't even know how genius this was and they signed the deal.
But I'm gonna tell you why this is genius.
Why is live streaming of video games popular in the first place?
Because I like watching Until Dawn. That's why.
What made live streaming break through? Anybody in the room.
What was the game and why did live streaming really break through?
Wouldn't it have been like League of Legends or Dota in that instance?
I would say that's kind of like one half of the coin, but there's another big half of the coin.
What's the other game?
Anybody. Anybody.
Anybody. It's got the word craft in it.
Warcraft.
Minecraft.
Minecraft.
Crafty craft.
Minecraft is one of the big reasons.
Craft cheese.
Why streaming is popular.
And you may not totally agree with what I'm saying, but hear me out here.
Why do people watch Minecraft streams?
Because they're on drugs.
Shane says because they're on drugs.
Well, it's the same reason you sit and play it for mindless hours of doing nothing.
Creating. You're creating, right?
I destroy.
How many times were we seeing news posts on game blogs?
Somebody made a video game sprite in Minecraft.
Somebody made this amazing roller coaster in Minecraft.
Somebody created this whole little universe.
Somebody recreated Disneyland in Minecraft.
And it was like, you see all these things that people painted in Minecraft.
Minecraft was the canvas.
That's why the Bob Ross tie-in is genius.
Because it's so, everything that Bob Ross says in a lot of these things, in his art and about expression,
applies to these creative gaming streams like Minecraft, I think.
I don't know.
Again, maybe I'm giving it too much credit.
But that was kind of what I saw in it, where I was like, wow, that is a really subtly awesome connection.
Not bad for a former drill sergeant.
Was Bob Ross a drill sergeant?
Yep.
Get out.
Also, the fro was all branding.
Oh, I'm sure.
He apparently hated it.
Oh, really?
Yep.
But the hair was recognizable.
And if you want to see something funny, you should see the guy he replaced on The Joy of Painting.
Something Alexander.
This kind of bitter German guy.
It was really funny.
Gotcha.
Doesn't sound very joyous.
No.
All right.
Well, going back to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
actdef says, I haven't seen Bob Ross' stream.
It's just twitch.tv slash bobross, and I think the marathon should be going for another couple days.
So, after tonight's show, you can go check that out for a little bit.
But do remember, it's a 1970s TV show, so don't expect it to be like, you know, but this was the stuff.
I remember from when I was a kid, because if I got up really, really early on a Saturday,
this is what was on before like square one television and the stuff I was really trying to watch was Bob Ross.
Bob Ross, for me, I forever associate him with watching Doctor Who in the early 80s.
Got it.
I watch both of them on PBS like the same, you know.
And Jason in our chat, vxjasonxv, our announcer says, what Twitch's creative program means is also partnering creative broadcasters.
A few friends of mine I met in September have already been partnered since this program started.
So, that's an important little footnote too is that now Twitch is actually partnering with some of those groups as well.
I thought they already had some partnerships with like, you know, celebrities like Darude was obviously the big like kind of tongue-in-cheek one.
Doesn't Skrillex have a stream on there? Am I crazy? I thought that was a thing.
There was some other electronic musician who had a random stream on there that would do random stuff.
Maybe I'm blurring the lines here a little bit. I apologize.
A Minecraft stream?
Maybe, maybe.
No, I'm thinking, not Skrillex, I'm thinking of, what's his name, Deadmau5.
That's it. It's Deadmau5, not Skrillex.
That makes sense.
My bad.
Caijuto in chat says, Bob Ross was on until the 90s, so it's not just 70s stuff.
Yeah, but I don't think a single thing changed on that set in the 20 years the show was on.
So, yes, it was on in the 90s, but it was still the same damn show they were making in the 70s.
Alright.
Anyhow, there it is.
Bob Ross on Twitch, and again, I gotta hand it to him.
You know, credit where credit is due.
That was a great move to bring exposure to this side of things.
Alright, we're going to start off now after our kickoff topic, getting into our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
So, let's go around the room real quick and check out what games have you been playing this week?
Darzaka.
Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer, because it's cool.
You can design their yards and pick the house.
And I had to design a schoolroom because Isabel told me to.
I love Isabel.
And it's just really fun.
And it's not like you have to do it every day, like all the stuff in Animal Crossing.
You can just do it as you want to, and it's not on the clock like that.
So, it's really fun.
I've played a lot of Dragon Age Inquisition because I have new mods.
Because it's you.
Shut up.
I say that with love.
Girl.
Also, Dan and I are going through Super Metroid.
He has learned that he hates playing it with the Wii U controller.
So, we're using our Wii Classic controller.
And we just beat Ridley before the show.
And we're trying to get the last reserve tank.
We have all the E tanks and all the stuff.
So, we're going to get the last reserve tank and then go after Mother Brain to Torian.
Awesome. Well, good luck.
Well, it's Dan playing, so it'll be fine.
I suck at Super Metroid.
Aren't you still there guiding him through?
Surely, I know you and Dan, and you're sitting there telling him what to do.
I know that's the case.
We've actually discovered a trope.
I guide him onto spikes.
I'm like, no, you're going the wrong way.
I go down, so he'll just jump and land on spikes.
I'm like, husband.
So, finally, I led him into this one room.
And lo and behold, there are spikes.
And it's the room on the wrecked ship where you jump on the Chozo statue.
And it carries you down through the spikes and into the ground.
Yes, I remember that.
And Dan's like, we did this.
We did this.
I was like, yeah, but did you see that there's a pipe leading under the Chozo statue?
Oh, so, yeah, we're playing together.
We're playing together.
Good.
And so, next we are going to be doing...
Crap, what was the one?
Not Zero Mission, because that was the first one.
The one that was on Game Boy Advance.
Oh, God.
Metroid Prime and Metroid Fusion.
Metroid Fusion.
So, we're going to be, I think, doing that one next.
I know Prime was GameCube, but I know they came out at the same time.
And you know the whole Prime trilogy is on the Wii U store for like 20 bucks.
Not bad.
Although, we already have three and haven't touched it.
But, yeah, that's going to be next.
And then we're going to be doing Earthbound Zero.
Nice.
So, we bought that right quick.
Great.
Sounds like you've had a fun week.
Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole lot because I was working on my costume.
But I did play a little bit of Minecraft Windows 10 Edition.
And, I don't know.
I keep playing it, but there's like no point to it, it seems like.
I just, I don't know.
The survival is super easy.
And I just don't feel motivated to do anything in it.
It's definitely a lot more fun with other people.
I'm actually thinking about going back to the PC version to play with all the mods on there.
But, it runs so well in Windows 10.
I was like, why can't you just add mods to this one?
Because this client runs so much better than your other one.
But no, they don't want mods on this one, so it's fucking annoying.
So I did that, and then I played a little bit of Ingress.
And, I reinstalled Burnout Paradise, the box thing or whatever.
Because I thought I had it on my PC, but I don't.
And I want to play some more of that.
And then, apparently I have Command & Conquer Red Alert 3, which I was unaware of.
So, I'll try that too.
Also, I think I downloaded it on Origin for Command & Conquer Red Alert 2, because that's free.
I'll double check that.
That's it.
Alright. Fair enough.
My Gaming Week.
We had a conversation on last week's show about Minecraft, Windows 10 edition.
I actually did install that and get it all up and running after last week's show.
So I was playing that for a little bit.
I was enjoying it.
It's interesting how you get achievements in that game that are actually tied to your Xbox gamer score.
Which I realize is a thing in Windows 10, but it's just kind of weird how that works now.
The achievements are on your PC and your Xbox 360.
It kind of annoys me though that they don't have the interface like the Xbox 360 one.
Where if you have the parts, it shows you what you can make.
Yeah, that I don't like.
That I don't like.
I guess that's kind of the point you're supposed to discover recipes and stuff.
No one fucking does that. They just look up that shit on the internet.
No one does that.
It's easy. Game facts on the second monitor.
Alright. Let's see. Other stuff I played this week.
Honestly, more stuff I've talked about before.
More Diablo 3. More Final Fantasy XIV.
So really as far as new stuff, I only did some demos.
So I'm just going to talk really quick.
Because I don't like to give full impression on games based on demos.
But you know we all do it.
So Guitar Hero Live.
I played one of the in-store demos.
And I actually thought it was kind of rad.
It's kind of different than the music games from a few years ago.
Just in its formula where now you have the buttons for down and the buttons for up.
Or sometimes you push them at the same time or whatever.
And the full motion video I thought was kind of funny.
Even though it's so 1990s with the video that changes depending on how well you're doing.
But the attention to detail and the filming and all the extras and stuff is done so well.
I was actually laughing and I was enjoying failing a song.
Because the reactions that people have are so funny.
Like the camera will pan down and it shows the audience.
And there'll be a girl who's looking up really blankly at you.
And then she'll just stick her tongue out at you.
And I don't know why but that just made me die laughing.
It was so funny.
And then just the expression on the drummer's face.
Like, dude, what are you doing?
It's so hilarious.
So yeah, I just thought it was more interesting to look at than the characters we've been used to in music games for a while.
So Alan Alchemy also putting out a chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
It's in HD and it's obvious it had good production values.
Full motion video stuff in the 90s was cheap, cheap, cheap.
Yeah, no, this had some good production values to it.
So I gotta give credit where credit's due.
I'm very enticed by the fact that they have this whole MTV side of things.
Where you can basically play along to an MTV style network.
And it's like we're bringing MTV back.
Now it's like GHTV or whatever.
It's very interesting to me.
But then I think, God, I have to spend $80 on another plastic guitar when I just bought Rock Band 4.
I don't know.
You know, Shane tried though.
Shane tried really hard to get me to get...
I did not try really hard.
Wait, hand him the mic here real quick.
You kept saying...
I didn't try hard at all. That was my passive trying.
You said, and I quote,
Look Rob, here's that Guitar Hero game you're gonna go home with.
No, no, but that's passively.
This is the Guitar Hero you're looking for.
You will buy this Guitar Hero.
And then you were so proud you said that you deserved a medal.
I was like, well, it's in the Guitar Hero box. You have to go back and get it.
Anyway, so there was that.
The other demo I played this week was Yo-kai Watch on the 3DS.
And Shane's shaking his head because he knows we disagree on this.
I think Shane did two battles and said this is stupid.
Yup.
But I thought it was a lot of fun.
Here's the thing, I get why the battle system in Yo-kai Watch is different.
Because it's not like, you know, fight, magic, run type of thing.
You know, press A to do whatever.
But the characters auto attack.
And what you do is that you have this wheel of six characters.
So you have a line of, you know, three that are in the front and three that are in the back.
So the three in the front are consistently attacking.
And they build up their little meters and they can do a super move.
So then you can tap your little thing to do a super move.
And you play like a WarioWare style game for five seconds to do like a big attack of some sort.
And then if they get knocked out, you cycle them to the back row.
And then you can do like a WarioWare style game to revive them.
And I don't know, I thought it was kind of fast paced and different.
Like a WarioWare battle style system. I thought it was kind of cool.
So, I don't know. I don't know why Shane didn't like it.
I just thought the demo was too short. That was my only problem with it.
But it interested me enough to get the full game.
So I probably will get Yo-kai Watch when it comes out.
So, there you go. That was the other game I played this week.
Let's go to our guest this week. Who has the microphone?
Alright, Dan, do you want to tell us about your gaming week?
Sure. I was, you know, played Hearthstone a bit.
Tried to do that for a little bit.
Nothing as serious as Michael's been trying to do.
But just my own little thing.
I did log on to Final Fantasy XIV after being off and on very sporadically throughout the month.
Because of the Halloween event, which is fantastic.
Anyone listening who hasn't done that event yet but has a subscription needs to tune in and do that.
Because that broom mount that you can get at the end of the event is magical.
And I want everyone to have it.
I love that mount too.
But, you know, if you're too lazy to log in, they'll probably sell it for $5 in the store after the holiday's over.
But it won't be until next year.
Because that seems to be the trend they're doing.
Is they'll wait until the next year's holiday before they release it on the store.
So you've got 365 days where you can brag that you got that mount and everyone else can just cry.
Alright. Is that it? Final Fantasy XIV?
Well, if we're going back further in the month, we did play Until Dawn.
Both myself, Michael, and our friend Aaron, who you know.
The listeners don't, so it's alright.
There's another guy that you don't know.
Yes, another guy that no one else knows.
We did play Until Dawn over the weekend.
And it was a lot of fun.
I mean, we love those 90s horrible horror movies.
I love Nightmare on Elm Street.
And for some reason, this month...
That wasn't the 90s. It was the 80s.
Well, Scream. That's what I'm thinking.
I'm thinking Scream was 90s. Yeah, Nightmare on Elm Street was 80s.
But still, love those kind of horror slasher fics.
Until Dawn was a great way to kind of reinvigorate that.
And I actually ended up watching a lot of horror movies following that.
Because it kind of just spurred us on.
And it's very heavy rain.
Very, very similar to heavy rain.
In terms of how you make the decisions and everything.
But it's a lot of fun.
Especially to play that with friends who are also into horror movies.
And really bad tropes and everything.
Sorry, I love this comment in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw says,
Scream were horror movies for hipsters.
Isn't your Twitter handle gaming hipster?
It is. It is.
So, you got me.
I'm not going to try to get out of that one.
But what's funny though is that even though I don't usually like horror movies.
Gore is what I have a big problem with. I don't like that stuff.
But I thought the Scream movies were funny.
They're supposed to be.
I like that they were tongue in cheek.
So it made it more entertaining.
Yeah, it's supposed to be a satire. So that's what's hilarious about it.
Yeah. Alright, cool.
I bet Shane's very happy to hear that you have a lot of Until Dawn timing under your belt.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Undrated with vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, CAMEL.
Alright, how about you, Mike? What have you been up to? How was your gaming week?
Let's see, I played...
Don't forget that mic.
Like I said, I played a lot of...
Real close.
I know.
I played a lot of Hearthstone this week.
This month, really.
Actually logged into 14 for the first time all month.
Like two days ago.
To get that, yeah.
For that broom mount and all that fabulous Halloween gear.
It was awesome.
And promptly dyed it because that purple was hideous.
Other than that, I just decided to brush off some old games on my phone.
I started playing, or tried to replay some Sword and Sorcery, Monument Valley.
Those are some pretty good, beautiful games.
I'm the gaming hipster.
Sorry, I found them on the App Store.
Like, just one day.
And I was like, ooh, let's try this.
Monument Valley is really gorgeous, and everyone should play that one.
I forgot to mention, I actually played Hearthstone for the first time in probably like a year today,
thanks to your guys' influence.
Because you were like, oh, you should check it out.
And then I actually beat Dan, which I wasn't expecting to happen.
So I don't know if he just let me win to boost my ego a little bit.
He didn't let you win, but you guys played with similar level decks.
I see.
So it was a fair fight.
Yeah, it was a fair fight.
So it wasn't like a deck he built or anything like that.
Fair enough.
Well, I might have to play a little more.
So that was good.
Proud of you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, I think that's going to do it.
Unless Shane wants to jump in with his gaming week, but I'm thinking, I don't know.
Shane, what do you want to say about your gaming week?
Do I not play video games?
Why were you going to skip me?
That's really rude.
I don't know if you want to.
Really rude.
Fine.
Well, how was your game?
I want an apology first.
Shane, I am so sorry that you don't like candy corn.
How was your game week?
I played 14 for the first time in months and months and months.
And then got yourself locked out.
Then I got myself locked out because I had to get a new phone and I attached my authenticator.
But when I got back, my Pokemon shuffle data, which is very important, was not on my phone.
So I restored it from a backup and that put a different authenticator on.
So now I'm locked out, which is funny.
But I got my Pokemon shuffle data back because I play that all the time.
Yeah.
Priorities for sure.
It's not hard to fix it though.
What?
Your authenticator stuff.
Oh, I have to contact Square.
I never had to do that.
I don't have the recovery key because I've had like three different ones now.
Oh, fun.
And I played and am in the process of playing the download case for the Ace Attorney game on 3DS because I hadn't done it yet.
And I've been watching a guy stream the entire series and it made me want to go back and play.
And I'm having such a blast.
Your defendant that you're defending is an Orca.
It's amazing.
Wow.
Yes.
It's so good.
It's so good.
All right.
No one till dawn this week?
I watched people play it and then one guy got really mad because on Twitch they were telling him what to do.
And he stopped playing for like ten minutes and went off on his chat room and was like, you're boring.
I just want to see people happen.
Why are you streaming your game?
Why are you streaming your game if that's the reaction you're going to have?
Don't stream your fucking game.
I don't know.
You should ask him.
I'm sorry.
I find that really gross.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Just don't look at your chat room.
It's weird.
Weird, weird, weird.
All right.
Anyhow, anything else, Shane?
I gave the mic away.
You are accordingly invited to share the rest of your week.
All right.
You gave the mic away.
All right.
Let's get into some housekeeping for this week.
And I don't have a whole lot to say except now that we're in November, I will say that we are not going to have a show the week of Thanksgiving here in the States.
So we will not be having a show on Sunday the, I think it's the 29th?
That's my hubby's birthday.
Yep.
I think just with Thanksgiving.
Which is an important holiday.
I think some people might go out of town and stuff and I doubt many of our listeners will be around either.
So we just won't be here that weekend.
So I have the best idea because Dan's going to turn 40.
Oh yeah.
Wow.
I'm going to get him a bunch of 40s.
You should.
He's going to drink a 40 when he turns 40 because that's so meta.
Yo dog.
I heard you like 40s.
So here's a 40 while you're turning 40.
I like it.
There you go.
Great.
40 40s.
All right.
So yeah.
So we will not be here that week, but we'll remind you as that gets a little bit closer here.
Otherwise follow us on Twitter.
Twitter dot com slash o l r.
We're also on Facebook.
Facebook dot com slash Orange launch radio.
Also very important.
One of our friends shows.
One of our friendly shows.
Another network show here at the voice network celebrating a big milestone this week.
So I want to give a big congratulations to Girls Gone Wow.
And Raven and EJ over at Girls Gone Wow hit 200 episodes.
They recorded it today.
Y'all at VOG will hear that on Wednesday.
And how apropro that this week is BlizzCon.
I don't know how they timed that so perfectly, but they did.
And I thought it was really cute because Raven and EJ were like taking selfies together today and putting it on Twitter.
And I don't think they're usually in the same place when they record, but they kind of came together for their 200th episode.
So if you have even a passing interest in World of Warcraft, I really urge you to go visit the gals over at Girls Gone Wow in celebration of their 200th episode.
And big congratulations to everybody that's involved with that show now, has been involved with that show in the past.
And just able to keep a topic about one game for so long going.
I couldn't do it.
I tried. We couldn't do it.
Good job ladies. You did something we couldn't do.
So there it is.
Thank gosh there's this general gaming show where we can always change and talk about whatever we want.
Because that's how we made it as far as we did.
In all seriousness, big congratulations to Girls Gone Wow. 200 episodes.
Okay, let's get into this week's gaming news.
We'll start off with Loki.
Yeah, so they have this big Sony Paris event where they announced a bunch of shit.
Mostly just kind of updates on things that have already been announced.
So for example, they talked a little bit about Uncharted 4, like it's going to have multiplayer now.
Which I kind of have to say, wow that's news.
I mean, kind of figured that it would have multiplayer. Most games do now, even if it's shoehorned in there.
But it does.
A release date for No Man's Sky, tentatively.
It's supposed to be June 2016.
Yay, another game for 2016 that I thought we were getting this year. Joy.
Well, whatever, it's fine. I'll wait longer.
They will have explained the game by that point, right? No, I'm kidding. I know they've done a better job of that recently.
I'm interested, I'm interested.
New quadratic dream game was Detroit Become Human, I guess.
Or Carrot in Detroit.
So it's kind of, I don't know, a quadratic dream game, I guess.
Lots of fangasms over that.
David Cage, yeah.
Shane's nodding his head over there.
I love Quantic Dream, they're the best.
And that Detroit trailer I've watched so many times, I'm so pumped up for that game.
I want it like last month, or the month before.
Here's the question I always ask, why?
Because it looks like, I don't care what people say about Quantic Dream games.
Like, oh, you know the writing's not good, the voice acting's not good, whatever.
I love Indigo Prophecy, I love Heavy Rain, I love Beyond Two Souls.
The storytelling I actually like, and they're always like, the stories are really good, and this one doesn't look like it's not gonna be good also.
You know what it really is? It's because he likes Until Dawn.
I think he likes Quick Time Events. He is a huge fan, huge boner for Quick Time Events.
I don't like Quick Time Events so much, but I always think, even with the crap that happened at the end of Indigo Prophecy,
and basically all of the games always have really bad endings for some reason,
they're so good, and I can just sit there and play them all the way through.
I can't think of a Quantic Dream game I didn't just sit down and play from start to finish.
Because I did that with all three of their other games.
Alrighty then. And I can't believe it's been like, how many years?
Like when they showed that first demo of, was it Carrow? That was 2012 I guess.
Yeah, but that was, I think that was before Beyond Two Souls, and it was just supposed to be like,
because they do little tech demos to show off their stuff.
Like the old guy.
Yeah, like the wizard in the studio that was just like a TV set or something.
But I don't think, even at the time I thought that Android robot thing demo was going to amount to anything.
But I'm glad it did, because even the trailer tugged at my heart a little bit. It was really good.
Some other things that they announced, they talked a little bit more about, was it the Horizon Zero Dawn,
which looks pretty awesome, they showed some more gameplay from that, still looking pretty cool.
So I definitely want to check that out whenever the hell that comes out, probably 2016 at this point.
2017, who knows.
Gravity Rush 2 is supposed to be coming out over here, as well as the remaster for Playstation 4.
So that's pretty cool.
They showed off a little bit more of Dreams, which is that new media molecule game,
which I still don't have any fucking clue what the fuck you're supposed to be doing in that,
but whatever, it's going to be kind of creative and shit.
So that'll be coming out.
Drive Club is getting bikes, so if you're still interested in that game, cool.
They'll be having some motorcycle content soon.
Let's see here, also Gran Turismo Sport.
So they're going to be doing a new racing game in typical Gran Turismo fashion.
It'll be coming out someday, because they're going to be working on it until it's right.
So we'll just wait a little longer for that.
They have this Minecraft-looking thing called Boundless that was shown off.
It's like a mythical Minecraft thing with these different portals that could take you to other worlds and stuff.
So that'll look kind of neat.
No real details on that, though.
And then they were showing off some VR stuff as well.
I like the whole Battlezone reboot.
That looked pretty sweet.
So they've got that from Rebellion.
They are talking about Until Dawn, Rush of Blood, which is going to be another VR game.
Riggs, which was the one that they showed off at E3.
Or was it Tokyo Game Show? One of those.
And then they have this game Robinson, The Journey, which is from Crytek.
So all different things.
Still no mention of when the fuck we should expect PlayStation VR.
So 2016, I guess.
Hadn't they quoted the 2016 timeframe previously, though?
I think, well, everything's kind of VR for 2016, but I don't know if it's early 2016 or holiday 2016.
I kind of feel like if they haven't dated it now, I know they spoke about early 2016 before,
but I really just feel like it's going to be holiday at this point.
They're going to keep it in their pants until the holiday, and then they'll have something to blow all over Christmas.
Maybe to see what the NX is, and then kind of combat that.
Maybe, but there's a lot of buzz that NX is basically a Wii U with a detachable gamepad that you can take wherever.
So I don't know how true or to what extent that ends up being.
Well, the other thing I would think is releasing the latter half of the year anyways would be a good idea,
because you're going to have at least people releasing stuff for Oculus when that comes out, I think in the beginning of 2016.
And then there'll be more content that can be ported over to PlayStation VR,
so it'd make more sense to have a platform with more content available instead of,
oh, here's a few games, and all right, let's wait until some more stuff comes out. I don't know.
All right. Anything else to share from Sony Paris Games Week?
They had a game called Vector that's a rhythm game. That looked pretty cool.
It's with a collaboration of an artist, Avicii.
Funny you mentioned that, because that was actually what I was about to mention,
was that particular game that, yeah, Avicii is collaborating for this PlayStation 4 game, Vector.
And they have this whole little preview video for it, but it looks like they have a very social kind of edge to this,
because you can actually design your own levels and then play against other people's levels.
So I'm assuming it's kind of like the thing where you can kind of make your own music tracks,
and then other people can actually play those tracks.
That's pretty cool.
So I guess it's like Mario Maker with music, and Avicii just kind of is there.
And then, last thing I want to add, they have a release date now for Street Fighter V,
which is supposed to be February 16th, and they announced Dalzim.
That seems kind of early in the year for such a huge game, but I guess...
No, they've been releasing a lot of fighting games around that time, in fact.
I mean, there's got to be something out for people to use their Christmas gift certificates on, right?
February gets a little busier in March. It's pretty good. I don't know.
I guess that's true. That's true.
Dark Sakura, next. I think we might have touched on this a little bit last week,
but we have some clarity on this, what you're about to talk about now.
Yeah, so Batman Arkham Knight is supposed to be...
Well, it was pretty disappointing, for lack of a better description.
I mean, so bad that Steam was offering refunds right away.
I'm sure we recall that, right?
So, they actually have relaunched Arkham Knight, and had a bunch of free goodies.
So, anyone who purchased the PC version before 11.59 Pacific Time on November 16th, 2015,
will receive free digital copies of the entire series.
So, that's going to be Arkham Asylum Game of the Year Edition,
Arkham City Game of the Year Edition, Batman Arkham Origins, and Blackgate.
So, you will be getting all of these goodies in your Steam library.
And there will also be the Community Challenge Pack, but that's coming out in January,
and no one knows what it is.
And WB is working with Valve for a Team Fortress 2 cross-promotion,
so that they're going to be doing Batman-themed items for Team Fortress 2.
And Valve will pick the best one and, I guess, put them in the game.
So, however, as far as what is said, for the relaunch, there are no improvements from the patch back in September,
other than adding support for add-on and season pass content.
Oh, that's important, of course.
It might be.
I forget fixing the game, but hey, as long as you can buy DLC, we're happy.
As long as you can spend more money.
However, the game's really not going to be getting any better.
So, get your money back while you can while Steam is offering refunds.
Let's be clear, everybody. The game's not going to be better. It's just going to work.
So, this whole thing has really tarnished what otherwise has been such a fantastic series.
It's just kind of depressing.
You know what would have made the game infinitely better already?
Less Batmobile.
Less remote-controlled Batmobile.
That is true.
That was, like, the worst.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, let's move on. Loki, some big news from another company this week, right?
Yes. Nintendo's finally announced what their successor to Club Nintendo will be, which is my Nintendo.
And my Nintendo's kind of a move towards an account-based system.
They're going to allow you to be able to create new logins for this and be able to tie it with your social media accounts.
Right now, they don't really have a system to tie your purchases to your actual account.
It's really just tied to your consoles.
So, it kind of makes it a little bit difficult if your console breaks or if you buy a new 3DS or something like that and you want to transfer your content.
It's a big convoluted system to do that.
So, hopefully, this will kind of allow for better connection between your consoles that you own and be able to transfer that content.
Or, hey, maybe even, you know, those games where you purchase one version of the game, you get the other version of the game for free or something like that.
So, that would be kind of nice.
And then, along with that, they also announced their first mobile game, which is called Miitomo.
And what is Miitomo?
Well, it's some weird fucking game that looks...
It kind of reminds me, like, what's the one that came out back in June where you had all the Miis doing shit?
Tomodachi Life?
Yeah, Tomodachi Life.
With that same kind of root word in it?
Yeah, pretty much.
So, interesting, because I think a lot of people were expecting, you know, Mario, maybe not so much Pokemon.
Because if you think about it, Pokemon is technically with another company that just works very closely with Nintendo.
Or Zelda, you know, one of the big franchises.
They're just going to keep shoving Miis down your throat until you accept it.
Well, I'm willing to suspend disbelief a little bit and see what it really is.
Because I didn't want them to just make Mario Brothers on the phone.
Because the phone does not have a tangible controller.
So, I think they need to do something maybe a little different.
So, I'm open to this.
I mean, it's way too early to judge it.
We don't know what it is.
But, Dan, do you have any thoughts on Miitomo?
Yeah, I mean, because Nintendo's known to be very protective of the brands and all of their, you know, Mario, Kirby and everything.
I don't think that their first dip into the mobile market would be something with one of their biggest IPs.
They'd want to play with something like Miis, which, you know, if it ends up flopping, then...
That's okay, because it's just you.
Yeah, it's just you.
You're the horrible person.
This is your fault that the game did that.
Not our fault.
Exactly.
It's your fault. You're ugly.
They should have just done, like, Nintendogs.
Actually, that would have been cute.
That would be brilliant.
That would be so smart if they went with that.
I'm just saying, I mean, imagine all the fucking microtransactions you could have for all the, like, pet accessories and shit.
That's really not a bad idea for a mobile phone type game from Nintendo is to really expand on the Nintendogs plus cats.
Let's not forget cats.
Even though the cat owns you.
And, you know, they could probably make a pretty penny off of, like, dippy accessories and things to dress your doggies with, because...
Or even breeds. Like, you want dalmatians? $4.99.
Yeah, exactly. Throw all your money at the street.
Yes, all your money. Just throw it.
I wouldn't be surprised if that's something in the pipeline for later on.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
And DungeonBuster in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
It looks like a social app more than anything else.
At least there are four more games after that to see what else Nintendo and DNA have in store.
They're probably testing to see how this does and will go from there.
So, yeah, I think this probably is a little bit of a test.
But it also looks like it's not just a platformer.
So that means, you know, there's probably going to be something a little more to it.
And I'm kind of curious to see where Nintendo goes with this social element.
Because I know I've been somewhat critical of Nintendo's online presence in the past.
But this seems to be something that could really kind of break those walls down a little bit.
So it's a little exciting. I have reserved caution about this.
But that's all I can really think of for now, because it's way too early.
Do you know if it's going to have any functionality with the My Nintendo thing that they're launching?
They're supposed to have some sort of functionality with it, but they really go into detail.
They didn't say a lot. They had this whole press conference to basically say,
So, our mobile phone game that y'all have been waiting for is going to be delayed.
Thank you for coming.
Please understand.
Please understand. Thank you very much. Have a good night.
So, oh yeah, okay, here's some slides to hold you over.
So it was kind of interesting. And then their stock kind of went...
You know, because people were expecting that game to come out this year.
But, you know, stock is stock. It'll recover.
I wouldn't read too much into it.
But at the same time, God, some of the Nintendo apologists were out in force on the social media talking about,
It's okay, Nintendo, you know, they can do it.
And I'm just kind of like, alright, look, can we just say Nintendo is having kind of a mediocre holiday?
They've got one huge game, Super Mario Maker.
I mean, in props, it's probably going to be one of the greatest games of the year.
Hope you like tennis.
You know, it's not really where they should have been here in 2015.
But they can still, like, the stock can come up. 2016 can be a big year for Nintendo.
It could be a big year. We'll release all of our great games in 2016.
Then 2016, we'll announce all those great games to push to 2017.
And 2017, yeah, you get where it's happening here.
Crackdown, are you ever going to come out? Seriously?
You have me waiting until 2015.
I'm not buying your system until it comes out.
And probably even at that point, we probably won't even see the need to that.
Alright, well let's move on and talk a little bit about another series.
And I know this is a series that's very popular with some people here in the room.
But it's going to be taking a very different turn.
The first footage was shown from the next Five Nights at Freddy's game.
But it's not, like, Five Nights at Freddy's 5. No, no, no.
It's going to be Five Nights at Freddy's World.
And you probably heard that they were going the direction of Scott Cawthon,
who creates the game, is going a different direction with it,
where it's more of a, like, cutesy RPG.
And, yeah, when you see it, it is more of a cutesy RPG.
Pretty much every character that's ever been even obscurely referenced in a previous game,
and then some, are teased to be in the game.
Also, it will be out for PC, iOS, Android.
And there will be a demo for the game, they're saying.
And it looks kind of like a classic sort of JRPG Super Nintendo type game.
So, there you go. I'm curious what our Five Nights fans...
It was stupidly cute.
Yeah. No, we got to keep it moving.
I'm going to play it.
Shayne, what were your thoughts of the trailer that you saw?
It's adorable.
Yeah?
Mangle at the end with a little ball and paddle is so cute.
But isn't Five Nights supposed to be scary?
Well, sometimes.
Do you think there will be jump scares?
Do you think it's going to be, like, one of those, like, twisted things,
where at the end everybody goes to hell or something, you know?
That would be okay. That would be fun.
I just want the movie to come out.
The Inevitable Movie.
Yeah. I thought they already said that they sold the rights to that.
I feel like they did sell the rights, yeah.
We'll see.
All right. Moving on. Dark Sakura.
Oh, wait. Dan, did you want to say something on this?
I just wanted to say, this guy is known for messing with his fans
for Five Nights at Freddy's.
Like, he loves to play tricks on his fans
and put all these little hints into all of his stuff.
So I'm not going to be surprised at all if this comes out.
And it starts out as cutesy in the beginning,
and then it takes a really dark turn, like, halfway through.
But then maybe the joke will be it stays cute the entire time.
You know, we had you on edge the whole time.
I don't know. I don't know. Who knows?
All right. Moving on. Dark Sakura.
I was in charge of, like, a Hatoful Boyfriend reboot.
I'd play it.
So, um, this isn't the first time in Nintendo's long history
that they have censored content for Western audiences.
There is more censorship on its way.
Actually, for Xenoblade Chronicles X,
they already showed in the European release
that this, uh, actually a couple of, like, very, like,
uh, bikini outfits, very skin-oriented,
have been changed to, like, weird bikini tops with shorts.
Um, and I think that part of it was just because
they're for younger characters.
But still, uh, I don't know.
Nintendo's been doing this for a while.
Um, they also did the same thing, um,
with, uh, Fatal Frame Maiden of Blackwater
when that came out. So, it's not surprising.
It's fine for the Xenoblade Chronicles game
because that character is 13.
So do you need to see her in a skimpy bathing suit?
Because if you do, you're a pedophile.
Why don't you have a seat over here?
What? Are you a pedophile?
No! Why didn't you ever see the To Catch a Predator series
where the guy goes, why don't you take a seat over there?
No.
I'm sorry you didn't get me.
But that's not how you did it.
You're like, why don't you take a seat right here?
I thought you was talking.
Then I will, I will say this.
If you think that the outfit is unnecessary in a video game,
then you need to be also petitioning, uh,
major clothing chains to stop providing
bikinis for young children starting
three years old and up.
Just saying.
They make bikinis for toddlers.
But if we don't have that, then we don't get a new season
of toddlers and tiaras.
So we need that to happen.
It is a complex question.
But, then would you say that that, by the same token,
would also lead to pedophilia?
Oh, I'm sure it does.
I saw an episode of Always Sunny in Philadelphia about that.
Okay, this is going to a dark place,
so we're going to keep them moving on to a new topic.
Hey, I'm just pointing out some double standards here.
We're going to travel around the world and check out some
release dates and find some things coming.
I need release from this episode.
A lot sooner than a new season of toddlers and tiaras.
Loki, US.
Yes, we're getting into the thick of it now.
So, we've got Need for Speed coming out.
Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
Also, Snoopy's Grand Adventure on 3DS and Wii U.
Air Conflict Pacific Carriers on PlayStation 4.
The Jackbox Party Pack coming out on PlayStation 3,
PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Xbox 360.
That's been out, or is this like a disc release?
It's a disc release.
Totally forgot to mention during our gaming week that
we did do some Quiplash and Fibbage yesterday.
Good times.
That's always a...
Man, they do such good party game work over there.
And Game of the Year contender,
Barbie and Her Sister's Puppy Rescue,
also coming out on PlayStation 3, 3DS, Wii U, and Xbox 360.
Shane, have you reserved your copy?
I think he, I don't know.
Did he reserve his copy?
Hopefully.
Barbie and the Puppy Rescue.
I love puppies.
I would rescue puppies with Barbie.
There you go.
But no, I didn't reserve my copy.
All right.
We've got Shovel Knight, the disc version,
coming out on Wii U, 3DS, and it looks like PlayStation 4.
They're doing like a re-release of some of the old Ninja Turtles
games on 3DS.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Master Splinter's Training Pack.
It's just old shit.
Evolve Ultimate Edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Yes, that's the old DLC included edition.
Same with Lords of the Fallen Complete Edition.
That's also coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox 360.
PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Tiny Troopers Joint Ops on PlayStation 4.
World Poker Championship on PlayStation 4.
And then finally on Friday, because god dammit,
I hate companies that have to release everything
on different days of the week, but Call of Duty Black Ops 3
coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4,
Xbox One, and PC.
That's somewhat of a big deal.
Somewhat of a big deal.
For retailers, yeah.
And then Yokai Watch also coming out on 3DS.
Boom.
Yay, I'm going to be buying that one.
And then I'm going to tell Shane how awesome it is.
And then PlayStation 4 is also getting Awesome Knots Assemble
on the disc version of that.
Wait, Darsakha, you want to interject something there
at our screening match?
No, that's why I shook my head before.
Oh.
And then, hold on.
Still not done yet, because we got to release shit.
Oh, wait, no.
Yeah, one on the weekend, so Skylander Supercharger
Starter Pack is getting a release for iPad.
That's it.
All right, let's head over to Japan
and check out the releases over there.
Fairy Fencer F, Advent Dark Force,
is out on the PlayStation 4 this week
in regular and limited edition.
And LEGO Jurassic World also getting its release
in Japan this week.
And a game getting a price reduction from Sega.
Ryu Ga Gotoku Isshin gets a new price version out this week.
Traveling over to the Wii U.
LEGO Jurassic World is out on the Wii U this week as well.
Hey, it's a game release on the Wii U.
Everybody, pay attention.
On the Vita this week,
To Love Ryu, Trouble Darkness, True Princess,
comes out in regular and limited edition on the Vita.
And all I can say is there are girls holding hands on the cover,
and I don't know, Jamie may take issue with that.
I don't know.
But it looks like some type of...
I don't even know if it's a dating sim or what.
Whatever.
Yeah, that's pretty much what I have to say about it, too.
How about the 3DS?
Looking over on the 3DS real quick
to see what's releasing there.
We have Disney Magic Castle,
My Happy Life 2,
as well as LEGO Jurassic World,
and Seikaiju no Miku 4,
Denshu no Kyojin,
and that gets a price reduction.
That is from Atlus.
I'm curious what this Disney Magic Castle,
My Happy Life 2 game is.
And it looks like you actually get to exist
with your little Mii with Disney characters.
And that actually looks super cute.
That's kind of adorable.
I don't know, I think I might actually play that.
I mean, I can't understand the Japanese,
but it looks super...
Oh, look, the three little pigs are in it.
It's kind of cute.
I don't know, I might have to get that one.
I'm sure they have it over here under a different name.
Disney Games.
Pretty universal.
It's Disney Buy Our Stuff edition.
Of course.
How about Europe, DarkSaga?
Some stuff's coming out.
That's all you need to know.
No, on the second, we have Sonic Lost World for PC.
And on the sixth, we have Call of Duty Black Ops 3 for Xbox 360,
PlayStation 3, PS4, Xbox One, blah, blah, blah, PC,
a need for speed on all the same blah, blah, blah systems,
and the Peanuts movie Snoopy's Grand Adventure on everything else,
and the major blah, blah, blah systems.
I don't know if it's just my brain or something,
but I swear to God, you just said Peanuts.
I heard that too.
I heard that too.
But you all are hellbound, all of you going to hell.
I heard Peanuts.
You know what? Hell doesn't exist in my religion.
Fair enough.
All right.
By the way, it's being clarified for us in chat.
Act Def says, it's the Disney magical world game
that was like Disney's Animal Crossing.
I remember that from a couple of years ago.
Why do I not own this?
That's a very good question.
Why don't you own it?
BRB going to Target.
I don't know if you can find it now.
You know what? BRB going to Amazon right now.
All right.
Meanwhile, we have a couple more stories for you guys,
and then the classic game of the week,
and it's a real good one this week, but I'm being biased.
All right, Loki.
Oh my God, it's totally time to jump in on that Kinect action.
Yes, you can get a brand new Kinect for $50 cheaper.
That's right, for a limited time.
Microsoft is taking that integral part of the Xbox One,
and they're reducing its price by $50.
I think now to what, $100?
Yeah, $100 maybe?
Yes, $100.
And you can play all these wonderful games on it.
And yeah, it's a limited time offer though.
So that integral piece of the Xbox One
can continue to be ignored.
Yes.
Mike, you want to say something on this?
That thing cost $150 fucking dollars.
Are you shitting me?
Yeah, as standalone it did.
$150.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
It came with Dance Central.
It's $30 on Amazon.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, but it came with Dance Central,
the fucking Xbox Live game,
not like a disc-based game that had a lot of songs in it.
It was the piecemeal buy-all-of-our-DLC game.
I know.
$150 for your Xbox to keep tabs on you.
Yeah, to listen in on you and shit.
That's...
Oh, come on.
Come on.
Come on.
But you can play such wonderful games like...
If I want pizza, I will text Domino's the emoji.
Like Zoo Tycoon, or Kinect Sports Rivals,
or Rapids Invasion, or Fantasia.
Here's the reality.
I'm happy the Kinect is lower priced,
where it's now in line of where it was on the 360.
That's good news.
What's not so good news is I still don't understand
why I need one.
Yeah, exactly.
What games are they releasing that are Kinect games,
that are Kinect games that are coming out?
I will give it this.
I really want to play that Fantasia game.
But I'm like, it's one game.
You know what I mean?
The only Fantasia game I want to play has to have Fantasia in it.
I think this one does.
As in, not the movie, but Fantasia.
Does the Xbox have any streaming, built-in streaming?
Oh yeah, and you can use X to for streams.
Well, don't they have the Xbox 360 version?
Don't you have the Kinect for 360?
Yeah, I have the Kinect for 360.
Get that on 360, then.
Maybe I will. I don't know.
So, by the way, an Xbox One might be happening at my house.
Finally.
Hey.
It goes down with Forza.
Well, there you go.
Forza's a pretty good game.
I will say this, though.
I do own a PlayStation camera.
I will say that.
And it's just about equally as useless.
Yeah, I bought one to do live streaming with.
Outside of that, it's also fucking useless.
And that's why I don't want to make the same mistake twice.
Yeah, that's what I was about to say.
I know for sure that the PlayStation has streaming built-in.
And at least you can make the excuse of,
if you're going to get the camera, and you intend on streaming your shit,
that it at least serves some purpose.
But I don't know anything really about Xbox, because I'm a Sony fanboy.
Playroom was fun, and that was free.
So that was kind of cool.
Although some of the best games on it don't actually use the camera.
So I'm not really sure why they're on Playroom, but, you know, okay.
All right.
SHU100Matt in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com,
pointing out that Just Dance, that series,
they don't require the Kinect anymore either.
You can use your mobile device camera.
And that's the way a lot of these peripheral games are going.
SingStar on Sony, you don't need the mics anymore.
Use an iPhone app.
There's an app for that.
And that's where a lot of, you know, if they can build a controller into the phone,
you know, Jackbox Party Pack, we've talked a lot about on this show,
because, you know, we had Jackbox games on a couple weeks ago.
The phones are an integral part of those games.
That's how you control them.
For Android, at least, you can stream to Twitch from your phone now.
You can, with the new Twitch app.
Which, you know, that's kind of one of the bummers right now
about the locked ecosystem of Apple.
Some people can look up your nostrils when you play Hearthstone,
or whatever the hell you're going to be playing.
They don't need to see that.
They do not need to see that.
All right.
Well, it's only fair we take a moment, you know,
to be a little critical of something in Sony's world too,
because this is one of those things where we kind of keep looking at this going.
This just doesn't make sense.
And so apparently what happened this week,
Yoshida was doing like a Q&A on Twitter,
answering some different questions.
And one of the questions that was asked was,
when are we going to be able to change our PlayStation Network names?
You know, this is something that's been asked for for a long time.
Can we change our PSN names?
And the response that came back was,
we're not sure if we can do it.
We don't know if we can ever do it.
And, yeah, that has a lot of people kind of going,
Why?
Why?
What's the, like, it's really a technical challenge to say,
like, if A, it's now B, like a search and replace,
which is in the most basic word processing is not,
I mean, I don't, again, I don't do the tech stuff as well,
that I would make games and not talk about them if I, you know,
was more tech savvy, but I just can't fathom why this is such a stinking challenge.
But they're changing their answer.
That's what irritates me so much.
Their previous excuse was that they didn't want people to abuse the system
and change their user tags so that they could continue to harass people
that previously blocked them.
Now it seems like they're shifting their position.
So it's like, okay, why wasn't this your answer in the first place?
Oh, my God, Dan, do you mean that sometimes in the industry,
companies make things up about some sort of what consumers want
to hide a technical challenge?
Oh, my, that, lying in my industry?
Oh, my, never, never.
No, I know, I know.
Cover-ups in gaming?
Do you wish to take the technical challenge?
Yes, Mark Summers, I will.
Double dare.
It just, it pisses me off so much because I don't know,
my PSN name is from way back in 2011, and by God, I wish I could change it.
And it just, it's frustrating to see them shimmy like this.
I don't know why now they're coming out with this,
and I don't understand it either.
But as a reminder, PlayStation Plus is available for just, you know, this,
now I'm going for a low blow, but I just, it is one of those weird things.
You kind of have to wonder, like, obviously the technical challenge
dates all the way back to when they first implemented it,
or it would not be going on this long.
So I don't know.
We had issues with the calendar one time that rendered the system
kind of stupid for a little bit.
Well, maybe they'll be able to do something in the PlayStation 5.
Or they'll just come out with a new network like Nintendo's doing.
Oh, well, you know, we're going to throw away PlayStation Network
and come out with something new, or you can actually change your name
and all these other features too. Who knows? Who knows?
But guess what? The best part about that is you get to buy all your apps again.
Fuck you guys.
Except I don't know that's the case.
All right. I can see them.
Well, we have no way to tie those old purchases to this new console.
And you're fucked.
Well, let's take a trip down memory lane.
You know what? We need to go back to a time when you didn't sign into your console.
Do you know how you said hello to your console?
You blew on the cartridge and then blew inside the Nintendo
hoping that the two would connect and miraculously work.
We're going to take a step.
That was the technical challenge was that the cartridges would just stop
fucking working at some point.
We're going to take a step into Dark Sakura's gaming vault
where she's going to find a game and she says,
Hey, you ungrateful little shits.
I just made that up. I don't know if she does say that.
But you should play this video game right now, Dark Sakura.
What is it? What is the classic game of the week?
Did you not see where I said play the sound first?
Oh, I'm sorry. Let's get to it.
Let people guess.
How can you not know this? How do you not know it?
It's because you talk over it, Rob.
The game is Metroid.
No shit.
Hell, I've done Super Metroid, but I've not done Metroid.
Hearts.
It needed to be done.
It was the first of a long line of Metroid games
and arguably the second best.
It was co-developed by Nintendo's Research and Development 1 Division
and Intelligent Systems and came out for the Famicom Disk System
on August 6, 1986, and for the Nintendo Entertainment System
in North America, August 1987, and in Europe, January 1988.
It had a re-release for Game Boy Advance in 2004
and Wii Virtual Console in 2007.
It was also produced by the late Gunpei Yokoi, who we lost tragically,
also by Okada Satoru and Sakamoto Yoshio,
and the music was done by Tanaka Hirokazu,
which is some of the best video game music ever of the 8-bit era, so to say.
So basically, you land on the planet Zebes
and you play as Samus Aran, who tries to go basically retrieving the Metroids.
They were stolen by space pirates who were big lizard people.
Damn you, pirates!
Yeah.
And it's basically just an exploration game.
It's a very difficult exploration game in some places.
You know, it requires on different tricks and things,
some things invented by just people playing the game normally
that ended up making it into being required pieces of,
required skill sets, I should say, for the later Metroid games.
And it's in a power-ranked Metroid as number 11 on their list of best video games.
Not high enough.
Game Informer listed, it is number 7, and then it was 69th by EGM.
What does EGM know?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Clearly.
We sure say some ballsy things on this show sometimes that we have no business saying.
We have all the business saying.
So the neat thing about this game is that really your path to exploration
is gained not just by the act of exploration,
but by the certain tools and weapons that you pick up on the way.
You start off with a very weak power beam and all you can do is jump.
You immediately get the morph ball, which, um,
I mean basically you can't play the game without the morph ball anyway.
It's like, uh, how do I get into this really low thing?
Uh, if only there were a way I could turn into a little ball and roll under it.
Yeah.
So, um, other power-ups that you get, you can drop bombs as the morph ball,
which you can also learn how to do the bomb jump,
which was a way to get sneakily into some other places in the game.
Um, you could get the, uh, the screw attack, which is basically like,
I'm invincible, bitches.
Get out of the way.
Screw it.
Screw you, screw you, screw you, and especially screw you.
I could just imagine Samus saying that.
Um, and so you get, you know, like the freeze beam and rockets and all kinds of shit.
So, um, this game also introduced us to some of the, uh,
most hardcore of enemies, including, uh, Kraid and Ridley,
because there's a guy at my work.
Ridley for Smash Bros.
There was a guy at work who had like a huge perler of Ridley,
Super Metroid Ridley.
I was like, I have to make that.
I think when you get into the perler bead thing,
which every gamer does at some point in their life,
you're like required to make a Metroid sprite.
Like it's just, you have to.
You know the first one I made was though.
What's that?
The Guardian Legend.
I made the Guardian.
Of course.
Because the Guardian Legend is the best Nintendo game of all time.
I would say Metroid inspired the Guardian a little bit.
Didn't it come out earlier than Metroid?
Um, I don't think so.
Okay, field time for me.
Guardic did, but the original Guardian Legend, which would be Guardic 2,
wouldn't have come out.
Guardic Gaiden came out in 1988.
So, you're right.
Okay, but Guardic.
My favorite words in the Ingress language.
Shut up.
But Guardic came out in 1986.
So, anyway.
Guardic Gaiden was fun.
Anyway, so basically it's really just going around.
He finally, finally, finally reached the Mother Brain,
who was also the main bad guy of Captain and the Game Master.
And we forget that that series existed because it was mega bad.
Mega bad.
Anyway, so after you destroy Mother Brain, you get a bomb set for 999 seconds,
and you have to escape and fly away with the little Metroid baby.
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
Not for long, bitches.
So, anyway.
This was basically green-lighted because of all of the games that had just been so successful for Nintendo,
including here goes Donkey Kong from 81, Ice Climber in 85, Super Mario Bros.,
and then The Legend of Zelda, which came out right before this.
So, it gave, it opened up for an adventure game to come out.
And Metroid was a, the name came across as a portmanteau of Metro and Android.
And I guess it evolved from there.
So, the game was, I mean, it took a lot of development.
A lot of people were involved in it.
Big names in Nintendo and, of course, the late Yokoi.
So, the particular game was also meant to be one of the first non-linear, non-RPG games.
Which, I mean, if you look at it, yeah, it is completely non-linear.
You can play anything in any order, provided you have the materials to get there.
So, and it requires a lot of creativity to make your way through the game.
I mean, I was no good at it because I was kind of uncoordinated.
But, you know, that's another story.
You also, there's, this was one of the early games to use a password system
because the Famicon disc version had, you could save up to three save files on the disc.
Which, of course, there was no battery built into the game for the US release.
So, they had the password system.
But the password system gave us two particular special codes.
One of them was Justin Bailey, where Samus would run around in a bathing suit.
And then you had a Narpa sword.
Which, it gives you infinite ammunition, health, power-ups, and a modified ice beam.
What Dan and I discovered is that if you do the Narpa sword and do the quick beat,
where you can skip right to the Mother Brain level, it's like some trick where you freeze something and jump off of it and make it into the little deal thing.
Then you can go back and play in the bathing suit with the Narpa sword power-up.
So, we called it Narpus Bailey.
So, you also had up to five endings available.
And the third, fourth, and fifth endings, Samus would appear without her suit.
So, it was also where you found out that you were playing a female character the whole time.
Which, me being a kid, I was like, oh shit. It was so cool.
I think this really was, as far as I can think of, and I'm sure on some of the older systems like Atari I'm neglecting something in the moment,
but really the first big twist ending that shouldn't be such a big deal, but it is.
It was important.
And now, thankfully, this has paved the way for today where it's really not so much of a big deal.
Right. Because now we look back at it and go, was it really such a big deal? Yes, it was.
Yes, it really was. Which is now why it's also paved the way for us to look at Ubisoft, for example.
Well, yeah, you can have a female protagonist get on it for Assassin's Creed.
Although, from what I understand, they are barely catching up in the terms of the sexism market in that series.
So, basically, with the music, now, I mentioned the music and how awesome it was.
The sound designer, Tanaka, said that he wanted to make the players feel like they were entering a living organism,
so there was no distinction between music and sound effect.
So the only melodic theme that you hear is when the mother brain is defeated, so you get that.
But the rest of it is supposed to be more like it's part of your whole experience.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
And they also acknowledged, the creators did, that the movie Alien influenced the game quite a bit.
I mean, because you've got the character Ripley, and that Samus herself was inspired by Ellen Ripley of Alien.
Also, that the background music, the score itself, was inspired by the score for Alien as well.
So, it has sold 2.73 million units worldwide, and it spawned so many different, I'd say, sequels, an entire mythos.
It has a manga series. It's pretty amazing.
And on top of that, this game is one of the ones that is credited with creating the speedrunning genre.
Because of the multiple endings that were based on how quickly you beat the game.
So, let's see what we've got.
Yeah, and of course it also influenced Castlevania Symphony of the Night, so that's awesome.
The game Metroid Zero Mission is a re-imaging of this game, with more backstory, enhanced graphics, but it has the same game layout.
Now there was another thing that, I didn't see a mention of this anywhere, and I've been trying to find it again.
The hubby was playing, it had to be like 10 something years ago, but it was called the Metroid Maker, which was a ROM editor for Metroid.
And there's a few people out there who have done custom Metroid games that you play via emulator or via ROM players.
So, those are out there and definitely worth it, but I would say the only game that has surpassed the original Metroid would be Super Metroid.
And that's my opinion and I'm sticking to it.
Fair enough. I can agree with it.
And that's it.
There it is. Your classic game of the week. Really, truly. I mean, they're all classics.
Why haven't I done this yet?
Yeah, right?
I've done like three games in a row that I'm like, what? I didn't know.
I mean, but what a testament to, there are so many great games in the world that here we are, you've been doing this, you haven't done this every week, because we didn't start this segment until about episode 250.
I've named how many hundred games?
That's still about 350 games that, you know, are just classics that are games you should check out at some point.
Even though admittedly a few of them were pretty terrible.
And I'll admit, I suck at Metroid.
Flat out suck at it.
That's okay.
I love, I mean, it's like you were talking about what we're doing with Super Metroid, me and the hubby, just, you know, me doing the guide, him doing the playing.
But I like when you can do stuff like that when there's things that you can find.
Yeah.
And have more about the memories or what it did for future games or like I remember a few weeks ago, you did that LSD game on the PlayStation.
It's like that game actually isn't very good, but it's just kind of like it was something very different.
It was different.
I like to, I like to, I still am trying to find the name of the game that you played with nothing but sound that came on the Sega Saturn and it came with seeds.
Do you remember?
Maybe somebody in chat knows.
What was the store that was in Burlingame that had all the imports where it got?
Oh, I remember the place. I don't remember the name of the place.
But, um, I know it was Game Masters was the one that was in, um, uh, Citrus Heights.
But, um, but they had that game there and I was like, get it and play the weird Japanese game that you had to grow seeds.
But yeah, I, I like the obscure, but you can't go without mentioning Metroid.
So, you know, Tiger Claw points out talking about like alien and all that in Metroid, one of the bad guys is named Ridley, which I'm sure was named after Ridley Scott, the director.
Indeed.
Yeah.
Very cool.
All right.
Well, anyhow, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
We're having a long show tonight, but with good reason because we've got friends joining us here in studio.
We're going to take a break.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 620 of our show for November the first of 2015.
And if you're just joining us, you missed a pretty exciting first part of the show.
We were talking about Bob Ross and a lot of news out of Sony as well as Nintendo.
We have some guests in studio tonight, although some of them actually stepped out for a minute, doing the all-important ice cream run that we need this time of year.
So, or this time of the show.
Well, I mean, you know, this time of year, you start to crave ice cream even more and more with all the holiday treats and things going on.
But a mic is still here. Dan and Shane ran out on the air, and so Mike's still here joining us, of course.
Having a good time so far, being here on the show?
Yeah.
Is it weird to, like, listen to it and then now you're here and seeing it all play out?
Yeah.
Yeah?
What do you think the listeners miss by not being here?
What do you think they'd be surprised to know about the studio?
Oh, your lovely faces.
Me rolling my eyes at you.
Yeah, that too.
Yeah.
Cool posters.
Yeah?
I'm surprised there's Konami stuff in here, because I know recently, at least.
Well, you know, we started as a show about, you know, DDR.
So, you know, Konami's still always going to hold a special place in our heart.
But now it's like, god damn it.
Exactly. It's the old Konami that, you know, we really love.
And, you know, I've used this metaphor to death, so I apologize for bringing it up again, but it's the old Tyra Banks thing.
We were rooting for you. We were all rooting, you know.
To see Konami keep going down that path is frustrating.
But I love this, this DDR second mix marquee with the Konami seal that is official.
I love this. It's one of my favorites.
And sadly, it doesn't translate well to radio.
There have been a lot of people always asking, are you ever going to do the live stream thing?
People live stream on Twitch TV.
Why don't you guys do live stream?
But I'm always like, it's Orange Lounge Radio.
It's like, all you would see is our faces buried in the computers.
And once in a while, there might be a thing where we look up and throw something at each other.
Maybe a special occasion, but probably not like a permanent thing.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. That's how I feel anyway.
Maybe.
A lot of things that I watch, too, are just like big talking heads on webcams.
And it's like, this isn't, you know, it's not really, with all due respect, it's not a compelling video.
I could just look the other way and just listen to the audio, which is far more compelling.
So, anyway. Little side tangent.
But let's get back into some gaming news, because we still have a lot of ground to cover.
We've been running long, and we want to make sure we have time for some of your calls over at 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
So, let's get to some rapid fire news. Loki, start us off.
So, Criterion has basically said, hey, guess what?
We are working to make Burnout Paradise backwards compatible on Xbox One.
Which has everybody, I'm sure, excited, because that game is fucking amazing.
No surprise whatsoever.
Really, they should just make a new Burnout game.
I mean, I know they're making some sports game, or it's like some extreme sports type thing.
But I'd rather them make a new Burnout game.
Because that would be goddamn amazing.
But hey, that's something at least.
To go along with that, also, Rocket League is going to be getting a free November update.
And they're going to add some mutators to the mix.
So, different things that you can have in the game.
Include the size and shape and weight of the ball. Gravitational effects.
If you want the ball to be a cube, you can do that.
It should make games a little bit more interesting.
And also, more opportunities to live stream and stuff.
Because you're going to have weird parameters.
Balls that dwarf the cars.
That would be kind of funny.
Yeah, looking forward to that.
And then, Fallout 4 is just a couple weeks away.
And if you want to get hyped up about it, you can check out the Nuka Cola Quantum.
Which is being put out by Jones Soda.
And they've got this. It's going to be sold exclusively at Target stores starting November 10th.
So, I don't know.
But I want to know, what does it taste like?
It's blue. Is it radiation?
Punch.
I thought the flavor was out there. I thought I remember reading about it, but I don't remember what it was.
Maybe somebody in chat knows.
It's just Jones Soda, right?
Yeah, it says...
Is it pomegranate, maybe? I don't know.
Pomegranate. Pome wonderful.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, bubble gum or punch?
Ew.
Ew. I will not drink it if it is remotely gum related flavors whatsoever.
That is a Nuka Jamie Cola.
Yuck. Just disgusting.
Or cotton candy or some nonsense like that.
Cotton candy would be fine.
Gum is nasty.
Gum is just gross.
She feels about that how I feel about mayonnaise.
It's like shitty medicine flavor.
I will drink a bottle of Robitussin before I will smell gum.
Alright.
Anyway, I know a lot of people are very excited about Fallout 4 and are literally saying goodbye to their life for November.
I do want to play that game.
I will work and then I will Fallout 4 and that is that.
I will play Fallout 4 for most of November.
I actually thought my game Call of Duty, but I'm like, eh, I don't have the money right now.
So I will wait until Fallout 4 comes out, maybe, and spend money on that.
Alright.
Alright, well, hopping around for some other news.
The late Satoru Iwata to be honored with a lifetime achievement at the Golden Joystick Awards.
Actually, I apologize. That actually already happened.
That was at the O2 Arena in London and it was the 33rd annual event for games and people in the industry.
He was honored with the lifetime achievement award for, obviously, everything he's done with Nintendo and for gaming as a whole.
So he was given that award and, you know, I'm sure this is the first of many memorial awards to be given.
Let's see.
Going over to PlayStation Plus and the releases for November.
PlayStation 4 will be getting Dragon Fin Soup, Magica 2, and The Walking Dead Season 2.
PlayStation 3, Beyond Good and Evil, Dragon Fin Soup, and Mass Effect 2.
Interesting. I know they had already given away Mass Effect 3, so it's interesting they're going back there.
And on the Vita, Dragon Fin Soup is there as well, and Invisimals.
So those games will be out on November 3rd.
Xbox, not to be missed, will also have their free games with gold.
On Xbox One, you get Numa, I think is what it's called, Breath of Life.
It's a first-person puzzle game adventure.
And then on the 16th, you'll be able to get Night Squad, which is a throwback party game type of thing.
On the Xbox 360, Dirt 3, and then Dungeon Siege 3.
By the way, don't forget that the Xbox compatibility backwards stuff happens.
So these two games expected to be backwards compatible, because they said that all the Xbox 360 games would be backwards compatible.
I wish they had that on PlayStation 4, like where the games are backwards compatible.
Wouldn't that be nice? Wouldn't that be nice? But sadly, I don't think that's the case.
Also, last but not least, this really shouldn't be too much of a surprise,
but Sega is going to be looking at re-releasing the first two Shenmue games.
Which, with all the hype trained for the third game and all the money they made on Kickstarter,
no surprise here that Sega Europe marketing director John Rook, in talking with Marketing Week,
said that Sega is, quote, exploring ways to re-release the original two Shenmue titles.
Quote, we want to innovate and back smartphones and virtual reality,
but our key purpose is to go back to what the brand used to stand for.
And I think the buzz around Shenmue 3 shows that people love our legacy.
So you can expect those games will turn up at some point along the way to Shenmue 3.
You alright?
Yeah, we love their legacy, not the new fucking Sonic games.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, it's finally happening. There's going to be a Portal board game.
I need to have this. I can't help, but this must be mine.
Oh, and it has GLaDOS in it too.
No, Jamie, you don't need it. You need water and a roof over your head.
She gave me the same lecture like two weeks ago. You don't need it.
No, you're correct. I want it.
I want it very badly to the point that I can confuse it with a need.
Fair enough. I had to. I had to. You left me no choice.
You had a choice. You always had a choice.
Okay, but it was an easy choice.
You're number one.
Alright, I got one finger being shown at me right now. Alright.
Hearts, hearts, hearts.
So anyway, it's going to be 50 bucks, and you can get it from the Cryptozoic, or buy it at other places.
You monster.
Also, Mario Maker has more updates coming out very soon.
You'll be able to add checkpoints to existing levels, or to create new ones that include them.
For you people that like to make Satan levels that are just ass hard, then you can finally put some goddamn checkpoints in them.
Ass hard.
They won't.
Yeah, except you won't because you're a dick, and you like to make your levels hard.
Speaking of hard.
But they can clear it. Why can't you?
They probably can't.
Because they probably only clear it because they put a little cheat in the beginning, like invisible blocks that lead up to a warp pipe that just drops them on the flag at the end.
Bitches.
So anyway, you can also add status-dependent power-ups.
For example, if you put a fire flower block, it can eject a super mushroom if you're small instead.
You know what's funny? I criticized the game for that in the very beginning.
I said it doesn't work like Mario Brothers works.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it's kind of funny they went back and fixed that. That's interesting.
Well, and there's also going to be more Nintendo-designed courses.
So it'll have the winning level from the partnership with Facebook, but you have to use your real name on it.
And then you can tackle the level that was in the final round of the PAX Prime Omega-thon.
And it's got some official makers. More things will be coming out.
Yes, and the Facebook level will just autoplay, even though you didn't really want to see it on your screen.
And then you have to install a plugin.
Yep.
Also happening is the SSSW.
South by Southwest.
Whatever.
What?
It's South by Southwest.
Okay, fine. I don't keep up with those things.
But they did have to cancel two panels they were going to have in response to threats of online...
Sorry, on-site violence that were set around online harassment.
Ironic, right?
But their director, Hugh Forrest, said,
By canceling two sessions, we sent an unintended message that they not only tolerate online harassment, but condones it.
And for that, we are truly sorry.
So, on Saturday, March 12th, they're hosting an online harassment summit that will be taking place in the 2016 event.
And livestreamed to the public for free.
They are going to have a large number of speakers, including Wendy Davis.
Who, I don't know if people remember, she did the filibuster for...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't remember what it was. I remember she was there on the floor for hours and hours.
Although I'm very disappointed that she's a Hillary supporter, and I like Bernie.
Get out of the politics. This is video games.
It's all wrapped up together.
And also, Brianna Wu's going to be there.
A few other people.
Actually, from all over the political and industry spectrum. So, pretty neat.
This whole thing was a bit of a shitstorm online, and if you didn't see any of it, you're honestly for the better.
Because every time I think, I'm not going to see this ever again, hooray!
I'm just like, I'm done with it. It's a big ol' fucking circle jerk. I just don't give a shit anymore.
It's like...
You're right. This panel will totally solve online harassment forever. It will do nothing.
It will not bring more awareness to it. It will do nothing.
No, no, no. The thing is that by saying something is going to do nothing and immediately dismissing any attempts to rectify it, all that does is perpetuate the same thing over and over.
The more exposure something like that gets, the more people willing to stand up and do something about it, the better chance there is of having something being done.
By more exposure, I'm sure you mean more exposure for Brianna Wu, because that's really what she wants.
Hold on, hold on. Let me say it this way, because I'm all for intelligent people speaking, but the problem is, nobody's...
I shouldn't say nobody. That's not true. The people that need to hear it are not going to be listening.
However, what I would like to see is a summit discuss on what to do to retaliate. As in, hold the people who pull the shit accountable.
You can only anonymize yourself so much online. There's a way to find most of these people.
That's why I find Wendy Davis...
That's why you can dox everybody, because that's what they like, right?
But that's why we need to have politicians, and that's why it's encouraging that Wendy Davis is participating, because what legally can we do to hold these doxers and these people who do this shit and get away with it because they can, what can we do to hold them accountable?
That's a discussion that needs to happen.
And see, what my thought is, is that if you find people like this, even just saying... Well, do you remember when I was being harassed, what was it about?
God, it was a while back, and it was one friend of Timmy. Do you remember Timmy, right?
No, vaguely, vaguely.
But it was one of his buddies, and so I just basically responded back with it, here's your IP address, and here is your physical address. Are you going to stop now?
Yeah.
And it stopped. But the thing is that the moment that you expose who it is to say, I know who you are, and I know how to find you.
Basically cut their balls off.
Exactly.
Well, that's more like accountability. Like, I'm going to make you accountable.
That's what I want. I want accountability.
You know, even if it's, I know who you are, it will stop more often than not.
Once they realize that, yes, you can do something about it, too, you know who they are, it's that whole anonymous having no face to it.
I mean, that's the reason why the KKK freaking wears sheets on their faces.
You know, it's the same thing. By being an anonymous, no name, no face person, you can get away in some cases literally with murder.
And if you hold them accountable, you remove the masks so that people know who they are, then that removes the safety of being able to do it without, you know, having to deal with consequences.
All right. Well, before we get to our FUGL question of the week, I got to roll it back a little bit here to address a comment on something I'd previously said about the whole fact that people are going to be giving up their months for Fallout.
Tigerclaw is pointing out, what about Battlefront? That's coming out in a few short weeks. So say goodbye to your Star Wars fans. They'll be busy playing that game all night.
Well, you know, you can listen to this show and play video games.
Especially if they want their collector's edition, which is $200, they're not going to have any money to purchase the rest of the games coming out in the fourth quarter.
If I can contribute to the show and write fan fiction, then you can listen and play.
All right. Let's get to our FUGL question of the week.
Every week we go to our Facebook and our Google Plus communities and we ask a question and we read some of our favorite answers here from you guys, the folks participating with the program.
So let's get to this week's question, which this week was about Kinect, the article we talked about.
I think Loki brought up in the first half of the show tonight.
Microsoft has cut the price of the Kinect by $50 and reinforced its commitment to the device.
Do you have an Xbox One with Kinect? If yes, do you think it's worth it for the rest of us to spend the money?
If no, does this recent price drop interest you? What would it take to get you interested if not?
So kind of a multi-part question, but I really want to know where people's heads was at where if you have one, why?
If you don't have one, why? And what's going to get you there?
Tigerclaw starts us off on Facebook saying, I don't have a Kinect and don't have any use for it since my room is too small for one.
But I think some people may get one for the voice command features, Skype video chat, and as a mic for in-game voice chat.
And I saw a little conversation going on there where it was pointed out that you can do like a little filter, like little thing you put on top of the Kinect to help make a small room bigger in the eyes of the Kinect.
But I can also see that in certain spaces it's probably still not going to work. It's probably still not enough.
But yeah, certainly if you don't have the adequate room for Kinect it may be more difficult, especially without an extra peripheral.
Brad from Pod Culture over on Facebook says, I got one and outside of the occasional voice command I don't use it. Had it been an option when I got my system I would have got the bundle without.
Mike C. replies on Facebook and says, I have an Xbox One with a Kinect. I keep it disconnected because voice commands don't work well for me and I don't want Phil Spencer to watch me walking around in my underwear.
And lastly, Hitstun says, I don't have an Xbox One and I wouldn't want to use a Kinect as a game controller. I'd like to try one for motion capture for game development.
That requires a $50 Windows adapter and a beefy PC, so I still won't get a Kinect until I know it'll do what I need.
You know, Hitstun does bring up an important point though that didn't come up in the room when we were talking about this earlier and that was,
Kinect also has its purposes on PC and some of the greatest advances that Kinect has brought us, especially for science and everything,
and I mean on like the 360, had nothing to do with gaming. Especially the fact that doctors can use them without having to touch anything is really kind of a cool use for that.
So that is the fact that you bring up the whole fact of a PC adapter and using it that way to do motion capture for games.
That kind of shows another side of Kinect where I go, okay, yeah, that's a really good use for Kinect.
So my thing is like, if you want to do the voice commands and stuff like that, why doesn't it work with the headset?
It's like, why do I need to have a fucking $150 peripheral to do that shit?
Like it doesn't, I don't think it processes any of that crap.
Give me your money.
All right. Redertainment on Google Plus says, I have an Xbox One with Kinect and I use the Kinect nearly every day.
The Kinect makes it easy to switch from playing games to watching TV or WWE. I definitely recommend the Kinect to anybody.
Xbox wrestling.
Xbox wrestling. I love it.
Lastly, Act Def says, I don't have a Kinect, but I would like to get one just to get the full Xbox One experience when I get the console.
Granted, I probably won't miss that much if I don't get it, so I'm not that excited over it either.
So a very wide variety of answers to our question there over at Facebook and Google Plus. Thank you guys who participated tonight.
All right, let's get back into some gaming news. Loki.
All right, so we kind of talked about this last week that Sony wasn't going to be making video games.
Just kidding. They say they still are going to make some video games.
Okay, what? What game are you making? Prove it. I want to see the receipts.
Well, they're saying that, let's see, I think what we said is that we're no longer in the business of AAA development of games for Vita, but there's still first party Vita content being worked on.
What the fuck does that mean, though? That doesn't make any sense.
That's so vague. Like, what the fuck does that mean?
Wait, say that again.
I think, okay, this is according to Jim Ryan, the Sony Computer Entertainment Europe president.
He said, I think what was said is that we are no longer in the business of AAA development of games for the Vita.
Well, that seems pretty straightforward to me, but there's still first party Vita content being worked upon.
So you're going to make AA games? I mean, I don't understand what...
If you said, I think what we said is that we're not in the business of AAA development for the Vita, that's okay.
I don't think you can get much more clear than that. So you're going to put out other things?
Two ways to read this comment. There's two answers, I think.
Do you remember last year at E3, not this year, but last year, and I just remember this because I was there.
It was the conference that I saw from PlayStation.
They started relatively early. They showed this game called Entwined that they were releasing on the store that day.
That was a first party game. Sony made that, but it was a very small startup studio that was a lot of students within their company.
So I would not call that AAA development, but that's still a first party game, if that makes sense.
So a game like Entwined would count.
Maybe they're thinking more games like Journey and that type of thing.
Which, you know, honestly, Journey is one of the greatest PS3 games, so I don't care what.
AAA, single A, double Ds, killer Cs, whatever it is, I don't care. Just, you know, that game is fantastic.
I wonder if, now here's the second way I could interpret that comment.
Does this mean that they're contracting other people to do the first party games for them?
I think that could be it.
That works so well for the Vita and early life cycle list.
Well, I'm just saying, whether it worked or not, have they hired third parties to truly do the first party software?
I think that's an option that I kind of read between the lines and I kind of think that could be where it is.
So, we'll see.
Anyhow, speaking of studios and the things that they are creating, you know, there's a lot of speculation around what Retro Studios is up to.
Of course, Retro Studios, the company behind the great Metroid Prime series.
And their last big release was Donkey Kong Country Tropical Freeze, but that was what, like late 2013?
So, what the hell are they working on now?
Tropical Freeze came out in the beginning of the year. It was like a February release.
Sorry, they finished it in 2013. It went gold and then it came out in the beginning of the year.
So, anyhow, apparently the latest rumor is that it could be a new IP.
So, something new. Which, you know, new stuff is exciting, right?
And apparently they pitched this in 2014. This is just, you know, some rumors going on.
And what's interesting about this is that the rumor goes on to say, I don't think Retro wants to do Metroid Prime 4.
I'd be surprised if Retro pitched that. I think they've had their fill of Metroid.
And if it is Metroid, then it would be something different, like maybe a 2D one or something different from Prime.
Yeah, that would be awesome. Let's do a 2D Metroid.
So, interesting.
I'm all for original stuff, though. I mean, Splatoon was completely original.
And that's like kind of a must-have Wii U game at this point.
I'm all for another sprite-based Zelda, you know, Link to the Past style game for Zelda.
That would be great, except why does that need to be on the Wii U?
Because it can be huge. Imagine making like the game like really large.
Yeah, we'll see.
Huge map.
Maybe a Metroid game from the top down like that. That would be weird, though. I don't know.
There was a Contra game that kind of worked like that, though.
But anyway, let's move on. Because that's all rumors, so what else can you say about that?
They'll show it when they're ready to show it. In the meantime, Dark Sakura.
Well, while we were all busy looking at presidential elections and other loudness, I'd say, in the news,
the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act passed Senate 74-21.
Which, before we were really paying attention to a lot of this, and then they just sort of snuck on through.
Basically, it's just the whole thing is crappy because they don't understand what information is,
how it affects everybody, the way the Internet works.
It actually was, and I'm trying to get the rest of the information on this, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, EFF, issued a statement.
I'm just going to read this one as it is because it sums it up perfectly.
The passage of CESA reflects the misunderstanding many lawmakers have about technology and security.
Computer security engineers were against it. Academics were against it.
Technology companies, including some of Silicon Valley's biggest, like Twitter and Salesforce, were against it.
Civil society organizations were against it. And constituents sent over one million faxes opposing the senators.
So, it's passed Senate. It has a different version passed the House.
And so, they're now going to need to have a big debate between the two to get a final version running.
But, right now, it's just really, really shady, I'd say, all this going on.
And I will be posting a link in the chat room to the list of people who voted for and against,
so that you can let certain people who are in charge of making laws in your state know that they're assholes.
Real quick, because a lot of people are comparing this to the whole SOPA, PIPA thing that happened a couple of years ago.
How is this, like, you know, because it would blow my mind that they essentially passed the same thing when they retreated last time.
So, how are they saying this is different? Like, how are they justifying it?
Well, what they said in here that they had, they actually changed a lot of the wording in it.
Let me see. There was a little bit more about it. I'm trying to see if I can find where it said that.
So, they were supposed to have tightened the definition of cybersecurity threats.
And that they needed to be aware that, and this is a quote, made it reasonably likely to cause damage, as opposed to may cause damage.
It's all verbiage, is all it is. So, I'd have to make sure that we have a little bit more information, I think, posted publicly on it.
But, basically, any other amendments that were introduced to protect citizen privacy were shut down by the Senate.
So, they don't care what our privacy is. They just want to know what we're doing.
Scary times in the future. Alright, but I'm sure, you know.
That's okay. Big Brother will always be watching.
But I'll be watching Big Brother, because that's a trashy great show.
Alright, moving on. Loki.
Thank you for ruining my 1984 reference.
No, I enhanced it. Loki.
Sorry, I had a hamburger in my hands.
So, this is kind of neat. Apparently, they're going to be allowing DRM circumvention for abandoned video games.
And the Library of Congress has issued exemptions to section 1201 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
That makes it slightly easier to legally circumvent different aspects of DRM for lawful fair use, such as preservation of old video games.
So, the exemption basically allows them to remove server authentication of the game's original server if it's shut down.
So, that's pretty cool.
So, Mario Kart Wii no longer works online, right? Because all the Nintendo Wii games got shut down.
Legally, I can, quote-unquote, hack my Wii to connect that game to a private server to continue to play that game.
No, it's online authentication. Like, say, for example, imagine if Steam went away and the game requires Steam to work, you know, you can circumvent it to allow the game to work without it.
Or, if it's a multiplayer-only game, like a mag or something like that, you could hack that to have your own private servers.
Got it. Okay, but in that case, you're talking about there with the whole online servers and Steam specifically,
Steam has made it well known that should they ever close, which seems so unlikely at this point,
but should they ever close, they have a button they can push that will get rid of DRM completely from all the games that you buy.
So, yeah, a big red button that says, do not push in case of bankruptcy.
Alright. Well, that's interesting. I'm curious to see what's going to come out of that there and what, you know,
especially some of the more questionable stuff that kind of walks the line, see what kind of comes with that.
Anyhow, speaking of old games and legal, it's completely legal, you can download every Tribe's game for free.
That's right, Hi-Rez Studios in the 21st anniversary celebration of the game is actually going to be releasing every game from the Tribe series,
and it's out now. If you go to tribesuniverse.com, you can download all the old games.
That includes the most recent game, Tribes Ascend, because that was a free-to-play game anyway.
So, there you go. Head on over before they decide to, you know, make those games pay again.
I know literally one person that would be excited about this.
One person. Who is the person?
Oh, my coworker who is like huge in the Tribes.
Well, guess what, Loki's coworker? Today is your special day.
Congrats. You're a winner.
Alright. Hey, I'll check it out. I mean, I know the most new game before, you know, the free-to-play one.
I think it was like from 2007, but I'll still check it out. Why not?
Alright, let's get to the mailbag. Every week you guys e-mail us.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com. We pick some of our favorite e-mails.
And Dark Soccer reads them live on air for our enjoyment.
I don't play favorites, Rob.
Again, that's participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Yeah.
Alright, first e-mail. Quick question. Have any of you tried the Minecraft minigame servers such as Miniplex, Hypixel, or the like?
Is it at all likely similar servers would be active for console players, or are Sony and Microsoft more locked down than that?
Also, I saw the latest RPG Maker MV, I guess it has to do with the Roman numerals anyway, is available for Windows and Mac.
Does this mean that we'll be seeing more RPG Maker games on Mac now?
Sorry, this is all too speculative. Robert M.
P.S., like Jim Sally, my primary support device is an iPod Touch 5G.
There were a lot of questions in there. RPG Maker on Mac.
I think there's a general trend that more stuff that does big business on Steam, which I think RPG Maker is one of them, should be releasing PC, Mac, Linux as much as possible.
So, I actually think, yeah, you probably will see more RPG Maker on Mac.
And, you know, hey, yay, more games for more people. That's a good thing.
Yeah, given that just, you know, practically every day I look at the App Store, and there are already big titles that are there.
I mean, like, if I were to open it up right now, which I just did, waiting for it to load.
Right on the top I have Doom 3. I have Reassembly. There's actually, it's got its whole game section, so.
Transistor. This War of Mine. I got Grim Fandango. All kinds of stuff.
Guitar Hero, funny enough, has a release like that, even though you don't necessarily have the controller. It's kind of interesting.
Yeah, you're getting a lot of major titles more often. As far as the Minecraft minigame thing, I don't know.
Yeah, I'm not too sure about that. I have not played on those servers that you mentioned.
I prefer to keep it kind of either a solo game or, like, when we had the VoG server where it was a really controlled environment.
Like, I thought that was kind of cool, too. As far as the console versus PC, and will the Mega servers come to console?
Probably not, because that's not usually in the vision of console. And especially now that Microsoft owns Minecraft,
I think you're going to see that they want to take the PC and the Xbox One versions in slightly different directions,
so that you'll have a reason to buy both. Isn't that what it's really all about? That's my thoughts, anyway.
Well, they already have, because the PC version, Windows 10, is based off of the mobile version of Minecraft.
Oh, interesting. I didn't even realize that.
But it runs so well.
Yeah, it does run really well. Anyhow, just a quick comment from chat, because I want to make sure over at live.vognetwork.com we get all our voices heard.
Dungeon Buster talking about tribes, saying tribes vengeance was pretty fun. At least the SP campaign was.
The MP not so much from what I heard from more die-hard tribes fans.
So, anyway, just a comment there from chat. No comments on that particular email, though, so we can go on to our next email.
I'd like to thank Tom for the pot roast recipe. Yeah, someone sent us a pot roast recipe, but he said don't read it on air.
You'll need one cup of meat.
It looks pretty freaking good.
Yeah.
We'll have to try making it on a later show.
Dang it, why do you people send me fucking novels? I mean, I love you. Bye.
Hello all, just a few random thoughts on last week's episode.
To Loki and anyone who might be thinking about playing a telltale game, such as Minecraft's story mode game of Thrones and Walking Dead, yes, that is how they play.
Completing them is rather easy. Each episode lasts two hours, about two hours, and the majority of the interactivity consists of dialogue choices.
I would say that they are more like interactive movies than traditional video games.
That being said, we recently completed the first season of Walking Dead, and it is one of the more memorable, moving, emotional gaming experiences I have had this year.
It kind of makes me think I have not, in fact, aged out of new games as I previously thought.
I won't spoil anything, but I'll just say pressing one button has never been so difficult as it is at the end of episode five.
The entire first season was recently given away for free on both 360 and Xbox One as part of Games with Gold,
but it's more than worth the asking price as long as you're not entirely turned off by the concept of playing an interactive movie.
Play it with someone you love with the lights off. If you can handle it, you won't regret it.
On the subject of Square Enix, possibly bringing back old franchises, I have just two things to say. Einhnder is the first.
But, I love, we just had Shane agree.
Yes, please.
Okay, wait, but to be fair, I just, devil's advocate here, you get Dissida, which is a fighting game.
No, Einhnder's not the fighting game.
No, it's Einhnder.
Einhnder's the shooter.
Oh, God, I always, never mind, never mind, I always get that and the, never mind, I get the name.
That is such a good game. I love that game so much.
Er, guys.
Yeah, that game's garbage. Einhnder's really good.
I was thinking of similar names.
No, they're not.
You know what? I have them both.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I haven't played them since I was like 20.
The RPG mode in Er, guys, was pretty fun.
Anyway, but that's really unlikely, so the second is Bushido Blade.
So much could be done with that in the modern era. Come on, ScreenX, make it happen.
And if a true sequel to Final Fantasy Tactics is ever announced, nothing will be able to contain my glee.
Lastly, I will just mention that I am almost ready to launch my new website and release multitasking.
I always say that finishing is the hardest part and this time has been no different.
Thanks, as always, to both you guys and the listeners for all of the support.
Please look forward to it, smileface.
And to Loki, you haven't mentioned it lately, but I have not forgotten about time to car.
Yeah, it's been really hard to get back in the...
It's just kind of... I've been busy with the costume.
But Halloween's over now.
Yeah, exactly. I need to get back onto it.
The costume did look pretty kick-ass, I gotta say.
Yeah, it was pretty awesome. I was up for 36 hours on Thursday. I did not sleep.
I know the wife will never let you go to Dragon Con, but you would get so many pictures of that costume.
You would have had a great time.
For those who didn't know, or didn't see it, I was Lego Deadpool.
Hopefully you're still determined to complete and release it, and we'll all see it soon.
I'm waiting for you. Keep on moving, Aaron YYR.
I'm looking forward to multitasking by YYR.
I already told him I feel like this game deserves a much bigger fanfare release.
We'll do what we can to get the word out there.
Alright, last email.
Yay.
And who is this from? Oh, Ragenator.
Hi, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood Ragenator.
I have some good and bad news for everyone.
As everyone may have heard by now, the laptop that I've had since 2012 died at the beginning of October,
hence why I've been away from VoG.
I've temporarily borrowed a real POS 10 to 12 year old laptop to temporarily hold me over until I can go out and replace my computer,
but I can't do much of anything with it.
Now for the relatively good news, I have rearranged my budget significantly so I can go get a new computer somewhat quickly.
This does not mean that I'm temporarily shutting off my Time Warner services until May 1st, 2016,
and trying to live off of $75 a month until May 2016.
Okay.
Yeah, it'll be tough as balls to do, but with a little luck and perseverance, I will have enough money to replace my computer by then,
and hence be back to my usual norm of gaming, participating in VoG's live shows, telling bad jokes, etc.
Unfortunately, I'll miss the finale of Understation Live, but it can't be helped.
We'll record it for you.
Hopefully we get a podcast of it. Everybody poke Travis to make sure he doesn't get too caught up in Fallout 4. He'll post that.
Anywho, ultimately the point of my email is this.
No, I didn't fall off the face of the earth and nothing's physically wrong with me.
I figure that maybe some people might have been worried since it's highly unusual for me to be away from VoG,
and at one point I did disclose that I do suffer from depression. I'm sorry.
I actually hear from him all the time on Steam and haven't lately.
I am safe, albeit at best moody now.
Sadly, sometimes shit just happens. I will make every effort to be back ASAP.
In the meantime, my thoughts will be with the VoG community as a whole,
and I will look forward to participating with OLR, AJS, and Black Wolf Show once again.
Feel free to designate someone to tell bad jokes on my behalf during my absence.
I always read the P.
Anyway, I hope all is well with everyone, and I'll see you all virtually fairly soon. Take care.
...or some... I don't know why. I don't know why.
Learn macrame.
I think because I've been asked to join a bowling league, and it's on Sunday nights, and so I can't do it,
so that's probably why that came to mind. But, you know, people's lives changed or whatever.
But, glad to hear you okay. Sorry to hear about the computer, but life sucks, right? Things happen.
Make the best of it. When life hands you lemons, make lemonade.
You demand to see life's manager.
That's right. You demand to see life's manager.
I don't need your fucking lemons.
Or you serve that lemon with a nice shot of vodka.
That's tequila.
That's right. No, no, tequila. Gross.
I say the same about vodka, though. For the most part.
Tangent time.
Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
I need, like, a bumper noise of a train coming in.
Choo-choo! It's a tangent train!
I'll just go rip a Jim Sally sound clip.
Chugga-chugga.
Tangent train.
I made lemonhead vodka.
Yeah? How was it?
Fucking amazing.
Yeah?
That sounds fantastic, actually.
It turned out really well, but we had to filter it.
But we found out that it's actually amazingly delicious in orange soda.
So when life gives you lemonheads, infuse it in vodka.
Mr. Candy Corn Vodka.
I gotta say, I had some of that pumpkin spice candy corn vodka that you made.
And, uh, you know, we had that at the show a little bit.
Super syrupy, but great. Delicious.
Because it's basically drinking a candy bar that's gonna get you smashed.
Those candy corns weren't that bad, actually.
Yeah, they were good.
I wonder how it would be poured over ice cream.
Mmm.
Oh my.
I wish I hadn't eaten my entire blizzard already, but it was so good.
So, alright.
Why don't they have alcoholic sundaes?
I'm sure they do. They just, you know, you have to carry a liquor license when you wanna do that stuff.
And things get complicated.
There's lots of, like, bars and, like, restaurants.
Children, ice cream.
Yeah.
Also, I don't think dairy and vodka mix too well. Very few situations.
You can get, like, yours.
You know.
Yeah, I guess that could work.
I have pumpkin spice kalua at home.
Yummy!
Cause I'm totally being...
That's, like, my one nod to basic bitchiness.
Is pumpkin spice kalua.
Alright.
Tangent train's pulling out of the station.
The mailbag segment is done.
But if you wanna send us emails, participate at orangelauntrader.com is the place to do it.
Well, now that the mailbag is closed, it's time to unleash our anger upon the world in another tangency segment we do on the show every week called the FUs of the Week.
It doesn't necessarily have anything to do with gaming, but we've maintained this tradition for 620 weeks.
And we're sure as fuck not stopping now.
Here is punishment.
This is fucked up.
Fuck you to there not being any more of my blizzard.
And that I had to sit looking at my blizzard while I read through all those damn emails.
And everyone's like, I've got my blizzard.
Around me like, oh, fuck you, I wanna eat my blizzard.
Sorry about it.
Uh-uh, you're not.
Alright, you're right, I'm not.
Also, um...
Just fuck you to one of my pieces of medication I'm on for making me feel really fucking weird until I adjust to it.
I feel really freaking weird.
Like, not in a happy, oh, I'm weird in a quirky way in the, hi, I'm your brain and I'm going to fuck with you for like three weeks until you get used to this shit.
That's all it is.
So, that's all.
Alright, um...
I don't really have a lot of FUs.
FU to the fact I have to get up early tomorrow.
That's all.
I like my sleep, I don't like getting up early.
Loki.
Um, FU to myself for staying up for 36 hours on Thursday for working on the damn costume.
Oh my god.
And, uh, my face has felt like on fire since then.
I hope, I think it's from the spray paint.
Because my laptop has a nice coat of spray paint on it too, like a dusting of it, as well as everything else, as well as my lungs did.
So maybe I have like a slight chemical burn in my face.
I'm not really sure yet.
But all my fingers and stuff are really like dry and everything as well.
You might need to see a doctor and just have some lab work done just to make sure you didn't have to...
Nah, I'm fine. I'm sure.
Alright.
It's poor ventilation, yeah.
Fair enough. Who's got the mic over there?
Mike, do you have any FUs of the week?
Oh, an FU to whoever put together my basketball roster that I coach.
I've got the smallest team in the league.
I've got 5th and 6th graders going against mostly 7th graders.
That doesn't really work out.
You know what though, in the movies, that scrawny misfit team is the one that wins the championship at the end.
Not when your team is like 4 and a half feet tall and everybody else is like at least 5'6".
Oh, I see. You've got the pre-growth spurt kids.
Yeah, it's horrible.
Cause you can't say anything to a mother when you've tried.
And then you're trying to coach the kids as they're getting their growth spurts and I'm sure that is just a hoot and a holler.
A lot easier than trying to teach someone small to get bigger, I guess.
Somehow, that doesn't work like that.
Grow, damn you!
Dan, how about you? Your FU of the week.
I'd say fuck you to this Blizzard that I am not going to be able to finish because it is just too rich for my taste.
Jamie will finish it for you. If she doesn't, I will.
No, is it the pumpkin?
No, it's the caramel truffle and I thought the truffles are just too much.
I'm like ugh.
I didn't like the pumpkin one very much.
And I don't like caramel or else I actually probably would take you up on that.
I gotta be honest, I've never had a Blizzard.
I thought it was more of like a milkshake thing that you drink.
It's just ice cream that they blended shit in.
It's all it is.
It's like a McFlurry, except it came before.
And they have their little picture where you can turn it upside down and it doesn't come out. I don't think that would actually work.
Not when they've been sitting in the car for fifteen minutes on their way over here.
But I did try every single one holding it upside down as we drove back and every single one of them was sticky enough to not fall apart.
Alright, fair enough.
Last but certainly not least, Shane.
F you to Nintendo and the way they handle Splatoon and how they try to make this game not fun.
Because, like, they penalize and Splatfest the more popular team and they upped the percent or the multiplier for wins.
So like, this has just been in my gaming week but I forgot but I'm mad about this.
So I played about ten times this weekend for Splatfest.
I was on Ninjas. We lost.
We had a seventy percent or like almost seventy something percent popularity versus the twenty something percent pirates.
But because of the way they do their online matching, out of those ten games I only fought pirates twice.
All the other times I fought Ninjas.
And when you're one team versus your same team, it doesn't count towards the results at all. It's a wash.
So all my time playing Splatfest, I don't think I'm a bad player. I feel like I'm pretty decent at the game.
I wasn't really contributing to my team trying to win.
So we got killed because it was sixty percent wins for pirates and forty percent for us.
But there was a six times multiplier on that. You can't overcome that. It's stupid.
And Nintendo, you just made Splatoon my number three game of the year because of that.
Oh no.
Yeah, it dropped from number two.
Uh oh, downgrade.
Yup. You better watch it because it might drop to four if you keep this up.
You're on notice.
Also, we got Pirates versus Ninja for our Halloween event.
Europe, this next weekend, gets Zombies versus Ghosts even though Halloween's over.
And Japan for their Halloween was Money versus Love.
So I don't understand.
Wow, that's Money versus Love.
Love won overall, but Money was more popular.
But every single Splatfest, every single one of them, the least popular team has won.
Yeah, and that's not how it should be.
I mean, they should change the multipliers.
Because I think in the beginning it was times two for popularity and times four for wins.
But now it's times nothing for popularity and times six for wins.
And it doesn't seem right.
Yeah, but it was kind of screwed up when a team won by one percent just because they were more popular.
It should be wins. Period. Wins. Period. That's it.
But the online matchmaking maybe needs to be a little different.
Yeah. I would rather wait.
ActDeft is pointing out Splatoon is still fun and it's fair.
It's not fair.
He was also Team Pirates.
Yeah, it's not fair at all.
That sounds like somebody that's always on the winning side is something they would say.
Do you know what team I played on?
Ninjas.
No, the team I forgot to play on was Splatoon.
Oh yeah, that's right. You did.
I guess I was playing the game wrong because I was Team Pirates so I was stealing stuff off the internet.
But, I mean, I guess I just don't get how this works.
Alright. And ActDeft is pointing out he's lost three SplatFests in a row.
It's still not fair.
You need to let him have his moment.
It's still not fair. Yeah, he can have his moment but to claim it's fair is wrong.
Alright, moving on.
We just got a couple more stories for you guys and then we're going to get to your calls.
1877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, Loki.
Yes, so let's talk about another Kickstarter but this one is actually pretty interesting.
Don Bluth. He's trying to Kickstarter a Dragons Lair animated film.
I'm down with that.
He needs $550,000 to create a teaser that he can shop to financers to create a full film.
And so far, let's see what he's raised here.
Health.
He's raised $114,000 and he's got 24 days to go so I'm pretty sure he's going to make it.
And then let's see if he's got stretch goals here.
You can win all sorts of animation stuff.
But we can't forget the biggest contribution Don Bluth ever made.
If you're going to say Xanadu, so help me God.
Who is he? I've never heard of this person.
The animated scene in Xanadu.
I've never heard of this person.
Did an American Tail?
I know Fievel.
Anastasia.
Anastasia.
I was going to say, is it this busty maquette that I'm looking at?
Because that's a pretty big contribution.
Until he goes west. I don't know if Fievel goes west.
Don Bluth is pretty rad. I wish him success in this.
There's a part of me though that kind of thinks the ship has sailed on Dragons Lair.
It's like, how many times have we re-released Dragons Lair?
It's been out on, with the arcade version came out on, it was on the DVD to play thing.
And it was on Xbox. They've just released it a million times.
I kind of think the time to make a movie has kind of passed.
Really?
But at the same time, and I'm going to argue with myself, at the same time, I'm all for introducing it to a new generation.
I was just going to say, because they've already tried to shove shit down a new generation's throats that don't probably give a shit about it.
Peanuts the movie. Smurfs the movie.
The Jem and the Holograms.
Jem and the Holograms.
The fucking Alvin and the Chipmunks.
I mean, no one gave a shit about all those properties. I mean, yeah, it's like, ooh, I love those as kids, but oh God, what have you done to them now?
But what's happened in a lot of those cases that somebody new got the rights.
Like the Jem and the Holograms movie, that wasn't, that was not a Jem script.
That was some other little teeny feel good movie, family film that they fucking just squished, yeah, Jem into.
And then like all of our childhoods are weeping.
I really would love to see like a franchise like that, just from a movie that's based completely nothing on the franchise at all.
Like have like a fucking just like Dolph Lundgren, you know, action film, Jem and the Holograms.
You know, it just makes no fucking sense.
But it would be entertaining because of that.
So at least, at least I will say this, Don Bluth is still involved and that means it'll be better for the wear.
Because that means it'll still be his vision, so that's good.
I just can't imagine that they can't do like, I mean, is he trying to do like hand drawn animation?
I mean, why can't they do just computer animation? That's just like fucking cheap.
Well, some people like the hand drawn stuff.
I understand that, but like, I don't know. I think people could do it.
Maybe they'll have a blend. We'll see. Alright.
Like I thought I wouldn't like the Disney animated stuff that was, you know, Disney not Pixar.
But I mean, it looks like the same style.
Yeah, Tangled was fucking great.
Tangled was okay. Frozen was alright. I mean, I don't know.
And Dungeon Buster pointing out it's hand drawn animation he's doing.
But you know, there's a place for the hand drawn animation too.
That's cool, I guess. I hope he makes it. I just, I don't know.
I think he will. We'll see.
Alright, well lastly, speaking of blasts from the past, who remembers the Dizzy series?
Anybody ever played the Dizzy games?
Yeah, well, god, they go all the way back to the ZX Spectrum.
There were some Dizzy games on Commodore 64.
And the last Dizzy game actually came out in 1992.
Well apparently, the creators, the Oliver Twins, they were going through some old stuff.
And they found the design documents and files to an unreleased NES title called Wonderland Dizzy.
Well, they actually went through and worked on it.
And now this ROM is running in a browser emulator.
So that's right, all these years after 1992 when Wonderland Dizzy was originally conceived,
it is now out for free for you to play and catch up on.
So you can check that out at wonderlanddizzy.com and you can play that.
That's pretty rad that an old treasure like that has been rediscovered.
Especially for a series like Dizzy that was, those games, there was quite a few of those games on the NES.
And I remember those from the early 80's computing days.
So that's pretty rad that there's a new game in that series.
So always nice to see those little gems unearthed.
Well, that is going to do it for our mainline news tonight.
So we're going to open up the Skype line over at 1877 Game OLR.
Or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight.
Or maybe we missed something.
Maybe you want to ask our guests a question.
I don't know, but you never know.
Mike, did you just roll your eyes? I said ask the guests a question.
You did this to me at Rocky the other night already.
We won't talk about that.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
And guess what? It's already lighting up.
So let's get to it with this first call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey everybody, it's Rama.
Hey Rama, how you doing?
I'm pretty good. How about you?
I'm super. Thanks for asking. What's on your mind?
I knew you was going to do that.
What's up?
Not much. I want to say a couple of quick things.
First off, I remember playing The Living Daylights out of the Fantastic Adventures of Disney for NES. Loved it.
Those games were kind of like, I think they were much bigger overseas, like in Europe.
I think that was a really big series in Europe than it was here, but certainly it had its following over here.
Yeah, but it didn't help the fact that they came up through, I think, Codemasters and Comerica.
And they were unlicensed, so they came in special gold-type style cartridges.
That's right. I remember that. They were kind of the Renegade games, some of them.
Along with Tengen games, like, was Gauntlet in one of those cartridges? No, I think Gauntlet was on a regular cart.
Klax, and then Tetris, of course, and so on.
Yeah, I mean Gauntlet did come out as an original cartridge, then it came in the alternate cartridge format, you know?
Totally.
Yes.
So what else is on your mind?
Well, I want to talk about something really cool, really exciting, something that I've been helping with for the last couple of weeks.
May I take the floor?
The floor is yours, my friend.
Thank you, thank you. Well, I've been kind of cryptic on my Facebook, personal Facebook, about a project I'm helping with at my job.
And for those who don't know, I work at Microsoft. I'm in their flagship retail store.
And one day, one of the community leaders was asking in the break room if anybody knew any bloggers, cosplayers, gamers.
And I raised my hand and I'm like, I know people.
All of the above.
Yeah.
So, she clues me in on Extra Life, and we all know what Extra Life is.
Sure, of course, the gaming marathon. It's funny because we started the show talking about Twitch, but broadcasting has really helped the Extra Life marathon gain a lot of visibility.
And a lot of people participate in that from all over the world.
Definitely. And it seems that Saturday, November 7th is Extra Life game day 2015.
And I believe it's going to be a 24 hour stream.
And what's happening is from 1 to 7pm at Microsoft's flagship store in New York City, I will be helping with Extra Life and we'll be doing our part in fundraising for Children's Miracle Network.
Hey, that's awesome.
Yeah.
Now, I wish I could fly out there and be there, but realistically that can't happen because of money and all that.
But can I see it online? Because I know a big thing about Extra Life is streaming. Is that a possibility or not this time?
Yes. We will be streaming through Twitch.tv on Extra Life's channel.
Nice.
We'll start at 1 and at our location we'll have some DJs and we'll have some DC cosplayers and we'll be doing some gaming tournaments and it's going to be pretty fun.
Well, I get to see you on the stream. Can I go in the chat room and make fun of you when I see you on stream?
Sure, sure, sure. But if you do that, I might have to send a signal to lock down your Xbox One.
Alright. You're going to push the button to brick my console?
No, I'll just lock it down. I just won't brick it.
Can you push the button to make Rock Band 4 work? No, I'm just kidding. Low blow, I'm kidding.
I'll get a 404 redirect to another company.
Alright, that's fair, that's fair. Alright. No, I think that's great. And yeah, I really wish we could participate in that a little more.
But maybe next year, you never know, never say never. I am way overdue for a trip to New York City.
It's been like 8 years since I've been out there. I really need to get out there.
You definitely got to come out.
Alright. Well, I will be, for what it's worth, I will be in DC for MAGFest. That is happening, for sure.
AKA VOGCON WINTER 2016.
Kinda. Kinda. It actually, and isn't, yeah, February would be 6 months away from then Atlanta and Dragon Con.
So yeah, I guess that works. So yeah, you got your Winter VOG and your Fall VOG.
We're crashing your cons because, you know, we're too broke to throw our own.
Woohoo!
Alright, well best of luck with Extra Life. That is, wait, November 7th would be next Saturday, right?
This coming Saturday, it'll be on Twitch.tv slash Extra Life NYC. Tickets are still available through Eventbrite.com.
Just look up Extra Life Game Day 2015 and you'll find all the information there. And kids under 10, get in for free.
Alright. We want selfies with Rama if you make it out there. Send them to our Twitter at OLR.
Yeah, I'll probably be running around wearing my volunteer shirt.
Nice. Alright. Well Rama, thanks so much and best of luck to you guys. Hope you raise a lot of money.
We will. And you know what, thank you. Thank you for allowing me to come on and just spread the word at us.
Because I've been so excited to be a part of this and help promote something this awesome.
You're welcome. Like, half the things we let get promoted on this show have nothing to do with such a great charity.
So this is even like double awesome. It's a win-win for everybody.
Woohoo!
Alright. Best of luck. Let us know how it goes.
Hey, thank you. I will.
Alright. Take care. Bye.
Bye.
Alright. Very cool. Extra Life. I'm sure a lot of folks are going to be doing streams to support that in the coming weeks.
I wish, you know, unfortunately I take a lot of energy and put it into this show that we do every Sunday.
So I don't usually participate with my own stream in Extra Life. Not that, you know, never say never.
But I think I'm just going to support other people, I think, for this one. And I think that's how I'm going to prefer to do it.
Alright. We got another call coming in though. Let's get to it. Hi. You're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey. This is Agdef.
Hey, Agdef. How you doing?
Pretty good. Pretty good. You said we could ask questions to your guests.
Of course you can ask questions to the guests. What's up?
Why do you hate football? Soccer?
What? Why do you hate football? Because the rest of the world calls it football. You call it soccer.
I don't hate football that much. It's just not on my preferred list, I should say.
It just doesn't grab my attention as much as basketball.
It's like this, Agdef. Some people prefer shooter games. Some people prefer RPGs. Some people prefer platformers.
Some people prefer to date pigeons.
It does. It doesn't in Dark Soccer Raises Your Hand.
But that doesn't mean you hate all video games. It's just, you know, dating pigeons is just not the game I'm choosing to play right now.
Yeah, definitely. And I understand now. He likes basketball.
I like seeing people score. That's kind of what it is.
Did you hear what he said? I like seeing people score. That's why he watches basketball.
Me too. Me too.
Me too. It has nothing to do with sports. But there are balls involved.
Definitely.
I have a healthy respect for it. It's just not for me.
Alright, fair enough. We'll agree to disagree. What else? What else is on your mind tonight, Agdef?
Well, I wanted to talk about something about localization and it was done in the new Zelda game, Triforce Heroes.
Oh, yeah. Have you been playing Triforce Heroes?
No, I haven't actually. I haven't gotten the game. I really want to try it because it looks fun, though.
I don't think it would be a great single player. It's more like a multiplayer game.
But aside from that, some people were complaining about the addition of memes in the game's text or in the dialogues.
Oh, yeah. Don't they reference, like, Doge?
Yeah, I was seeing an image with the Dodge meme with such something. I can't remember exactly what it said.
I think it's funny when that shit turns up in games. Why is Zelda so sacred?
And not necessarily because it's Zelda. Because Nintendo has done this since the DS era.
If I remember correctly, I think one of the Mario and Luigi games, the RPGs, had memes on it.
And even then, people praised Nintendo for doing that. And we have seen a lot of memes in Nintendo games throughout the years.
Just watch a Splatoon. It's filled with puns and all that. And even Animal Crossing, too.
And people haven't complained about them, but they did it to Zelda.
And oh my god, Nintendo's treehouse are a bunch of idiots, etc.
And it's about localization. Here's Nintendo Treehouse trying to do something fun.
So people in general can enjoy it.
Earlier in the show, Dan was talking about his gaming week, and he mentioned he was playing Guacamelee.
And I remember one thing that really struck me about that game was that it has all these meme references in it.
There's all these references. There's Grumpy Cat, there's Mario Brothers.
And I thought it was funny. It would be cause for me to explore more areas to try and find all the funny jokes.
What game?
Guacamelee.
Yeah, that game is filled with a lot of references. And it's a really great game, and it's really fun.
And all the visuals, and especially what they did with all the references, it's fantastic.
But again, they did this with Zelda, and I don't know if it's filled with things like that.
I have only seen that one image, so I don't know.
And people need to lighten up a little bit.
It's like, oh my god, it's filled with idiotic memes or something like that.
People need to lighten up a little bit.
You know what else is interesting is that some of these other games you talk about,
and you mentioned going way, way back to other, way older games.
Well, we didn't have Twitter then.
So that's how sometimes some of these complainers you didn't really see before, and now you can see it.
And I'm all for everybody getting their voice, but there are some voices I'm going to look at and go,
okay, well, you said what you have to say, but I really think you just need to get over it.
And my point is that people need to learn that when a company or anyone translates a game,
it's not only the translation. You don't have to just translate the words.
You have to know who's going to play the game, who's going to be watching it,
and try to capture, because it's not only, oh, it's going to be players.
You have to sell the game.
You have to know how it's going to capture the audience.
So I know this because I have a bachelor's degree in translation, so I'm speaking of experience and all that.
And I know it's not necessarily the greatest thing or the best thing, actually, but it's not really a bad thing either.
So I know that people complaining, yeah, it's probably not the best thing, again.
But you have to understand the localization of some things, like in this case, this game.
Let me get a quick comment out from our chat room over at live.voguenetwork.com.
As 2100matt says, to play Devil's Advocate, why does everything got to be a meme?
Maybe people just feel we're a little inundated by memes.
Well, but to be fair, I mean, it's not like, and he does say, to be clear, I understand both sides.
But I mean, it's not like Zelda, Triforce Heroes is, you know, meme the game.
I think they tried that and it was horrible. It was some third-party game on Wii U.
It's like, okay, it's a little joke or one little costume that's cute.
They took fucking selfies in the remake of Wind Waker. I mean, come on, who cares?
But you can do some really cute stuff with that, you know?
Hey, taking a selfie with Ganondorf, it's the awesomest thing ever.
Yeah, and selfies in WoW. Mike mentions you can do selfies in WoW.
That was a big thing, was when they put that camera in the game, people could take their selfies.
Alright, ActDeft, I gotta let you go to try to squeeze in one more call, but thank you for the feedback.
And let us know if you end up getting Triforce Heroes and what you think of the memes.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Alright, take care, my friend.
Alright, we're gonna give time for one more call to try to fit in.
1877gameOLR, or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
While we wait for that call, Loki, I don't know if you have any last-minute stories.
Yes, I have excellent news.
Dead or Alive Extreme 3, we'll be getting English subs since it's probably not gonna get released over here.
So you can import those buoys right away.
Yay!
Yes, and that'll be coming out in Japan, across Asia, February 25th.
Darsaga, Darsaga, Darsaga, we need to get this game and do a livestream.
Okay.
Yay! That'll be fun.
We need to have the bounce-o-meter.
For the volleyball.
Exactly.
Oh, boy.
Anything else to share?
Yeah, I was gonna say that along with the fact that they're not gonna be allowing you to change your names,
there's also still no plans for backwards compatibility on the PlayStation 4,
so that's also something else to look forward to.
Game Center CX levels are coming to Super Mario Maker in all regions now.
So that'd be cool.
Does that mean we get to also play as the arena character?
I don't know.
I really just, sorry, not to beat a dead horse,
but I really have to express irritation, strong irritation,
that at least PlayStation 1 and 2 games are not playable on PlayStation 4.
I mean, I get PlayStation 3 a little bit.
You can play the tech challenge card on PlayStation 3 a little bit,
even though you have the fucking streaming video stuff, but whatever, we won't go there.
But PlayStation 1 and 2 not playable on 4, give me a fucking break.
Give me a fucking break.
Yeah, PlayStation 1's playable on a PSP.
Come on.
Yeah.
It's playable on my phone.
My old-ass phone.
Yeah.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe that it's not possible and you don't want to try and you don't have the resources in it.
So just say, you know.
Because imagine, think about this, PlayStation Plus, the offerings that they've been giving you,
they haven't been this great lately.
Imagine if you could dip into that old PlayStation 1 catalog.
Hey, you get Twisted Metal or hey, you get Vibriven or something like that.
That would be awesome.
Or Final Fantasy 6, because that was on, you know, PlayStation, so that would be pretty epic.
Yeah, I mean, just dip into that shit.
Jet Moto.
Yeah.
I don't know.
All right, one last call.
This is the last chance to get in on tonight's show.
1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Anything else for our listeners tonight?
Yeah, this is kind of unusual.
There's a rumor that SNK Play More is leaving the pachinko business as opposed to joining it or getting more into it.
Well, what a refreshing story.
Yes.
After a lot of news recently.
You know what?
Where did I see this?
Was it on Twitter?
Was it something somebody said in chat?
I'm so sorry, I cannot tie this comment to who said it.
I'm so sorry who said this in the moment.
But somebody was saying the reason why Konami is making these pachinko machines.
Maybe this was something Dark Tetsuya said. Was it you?
About Silent Hill?
Yes.
Repeat that comment.
The kind of conspiracy theory I have regarding why they're doing the Silent Hill pachinko machine is so that they can show that they're using the IP.
And so no one else can come in and try to claim that IP accusing them of forfeiting it through not use.
Because I'm not sure of the exact legality, but if you don't utilize an IP, you essentially forfeit the rights to it and someone else can pick it up and take it to make a game.
So they don't want to lose the IP, but they don't want to actually make anything, so just slap on it on a pachinko machine and there you go.
Thank you.
Yeah, but it hasn't been that long since they made a Silent Hill game. It's only been like a couple years.
Yeah, but still just buy some more time and maybe there will be a mobile phone game and I'm sure that's inevitable too. So they'll keep that trademark alive and well.
They have a new gameplay trailer for 90's Arcade Racer which looks fantastic.
I want to check that out.
That's something that's coming to Wii U I think soon.
Well, it looks like no more calls are coming in tonight, so I'm going to go ahead and shut down the Skype line.
If you think of something after the fact, go ahead and send us an email.
Participate at orangeontruday.com or you can always tweet us twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Some people send us Facebook messages too and I must admit, I know that's how a lot of people talk today.
I'm not so good at checking those, but I do read them and I'm sorry if I don't reply timely, but that's usually the last thing I check.
But I'll get to it eventually if you send a Facebook message.
Alright, is that it for stories too then?
Uh, yes.
Alright, well then I think we're going to go around and wrap things up.
It is 9.15 here on the west coast, 15 after midnight on the east coast after all.
Hey, I want to thank our guests for being here tonight, especially our newbies to the show here, Dan and Mike.
I hope you guys had a good time and had fun being on this side of OLR.
So, I don't know if you have anything you want to plug, I don't know if you have a twitch channel or twitter you want to plug while you're here.
But please plug away before we say bye. So, Dan?
Nothing specific, I'll just plug my twitter handle I guess.
It's gaming underscore hipster and you can go ahead and follow me.
I talk mostly about video games and to everyone else who I'm following, it's nothing really super specific.
But yeah, that's all I really have.
Alright, awesome. And Mike?
If you like sports I guess, basketball in particular, football, American football, sorry.
And the occasional gaming stuff, it's not even anywhere near focused but you can follow me on twitter at mnev3. That's it.
Awesome. And now of course we always go around at the end of the show and get everybody's final thought.
Shane, I always ask you if you want to plug something, you never have anything to plug. But I'll get your final thought.
You're so rude. This is the second time tonight.
What would you like to plug?
I was just going to say that, well I don't have anything to plug.
How could you quit Ingress?
Because he was going to quit and I was like okay I'm going to delete it from my phone. Delete? There, it's easy.
It was super easy. That's all.
That's what you guys would do. You get me into it and then you all quit.
It's all server side anyway.
I'm not quitting but I'm dialing it back.
I'll do my final thought since you still didn't ask me before you were so rude anyway about plugging stuff.
My final thought is if you show up to my Toys R Us this Sunday and you try to get a villager and I don't get one, I will cut you.
Because I will.
Thank you for that.
Before I actually invite people to give their final thoughts, even though Shane decided to give them anyway,
I want to quickly say, as I do at the end of every show,
we don't have a big multi-million dollar budget behind our show or a way to spread the word about our show.
So if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry Radio, please help us spread the word.
Tell a friend or five or twenty-five about the show and help spread the word about the show where every gamer has a voice.
Because if the voices aren't listening and using those voices, then we can't hear them.
A five-star review wherever you found this show goes a very long way.
So thank you to everybody giving five-star reviews on iTunes, Stitcher Radio, wherever it is.
Soon, I guess now, Google Play.
I just submitted the show to that because I don't know if you guys heard but the Google Play is going to be launching podcasting.
And so they were accepting shows and I'm like, hooray, another place to list OLR.
Sign me up.
So we'll be on that.
And I got the email back that we got accepted.
So we'll be in that whenever it launches.
So that's exciting.
And if they have reviews, we need five-star reviews there too.
I would appreciate it.
Not if they're out of ten.
Then it should be ten.
Yes, if it's ten, then please ten out of ten.
Don't leave a five-star review out of ten saying Rob said five stars.
You know what I mean.
You know what I mean.
You're smart people.
Now we can go around to everybody's final thought for the night.
Shane, you're hereby cordially invited to give your final thought for the night.
I need time to think of another one.
So come back to me.
All right.
Dan, your final thought for the night.
My thought is I need to take out a loan so I can purchase 90 villager amiibos from a certain Toys R Us.
I like you.
You come back any time.
All right, Mike, your final thought.
I really hope I can hit Legend this month in Hearthstone.
Good luck to you.
God damn it.
I want to see you on the stage at BlizzCon someday.
Oh, dear God, that would be too much, but got to hit Legend first.
Got to hit Legend first.
Sounds good.
All right, let's see.
My final thought for the day is I'm not quitting.
I'm just dialing it back.
There's a big difference, although, yes, I did use the word quit quite frequently,
but we all get frustrated sometimes a little bit.
Just because there's so many blues in the area, right?
No, it actually has nothing to do with that because actually I like being on the underdog team
because you know you're kind of...
You're waiting for Pokemon Go.
That's what it is.
That's actually super true.
But anyway, it has nothing to do with that.
But anyway, all right, Shane's back with his real final thought.
Here it is.
I have to go buy a knife apparently to cut Dan with for this weekend.
All right.
Good luck with that.
I'll be his bodyguard.
Cut two people.
Good luck.
He'll cut two people.
All right, let's see.
Loki, your final thought for the night.
All right.
So this guy took the portal that I took on the way over here back,
but dumbass only left like four resonators on there,
so I'm just going to have to spend five seconds to blow it up.
Oh, that guy is always around here, and he's...
He'll be fine.
That's fine.
I'll blow it up.
Go teach him a lesson.
All right.
It's more points for me.
That's right, more points.
That's how you have to look at it.
When you're on the underdog team, it's easier to get XP.
I just don't care.
I don't care.
That's right.
It's a fucking game, and I don't care.
That's what I had to say earlier this week.
All right.
Last, but certainly not least, dark soccer.
Your final thought tonight.
How appropriate.
What we should do is just drive down to that park down the street and blow that one up.
Okay, you got to be careful when you talk about blow...
Let's go to the park and blow it up.
Blow up some notes.
Yes, he means with pew pew imaginary laser beams in an imaginary game that is not real.
We need to preface by saying that.
All right.
Hello, NSA.
Yeah, right?
Oh, boy.
All right.
And then Loki's going to be left saying something like this.
Oh, wait.
Damn it.
Oh, wait.
Damn it.
Yes.
That'll be...
I miscued the sound clip.
Loki would say something like this.
God damn.
Ow, my foot.
Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Oh, my God.
It hurts so bad.
All right.
Anyway, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will see you next time in seven days to do it all again.
Have a great week at gaming, everybody.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
