Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Sony too revisits backwards compatibility with PlayStation 2 emulation on the PlayStation 4.
Here's hoping classic Star Wars games help get us through to The Force Awakens.
There's plenty more along with your calls and comments tonight on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this November the 22nd of 2015 with episode number 622 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you can find me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E,
and I am joined here in Studio N7 in Sacramento, California with my co-hosts.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I like this coffee.
You're having some coffee to help pick you up, give you a little energy?
It's delicious.
Yeah, I gotta say, I don't know who invented the Keurig. I'm assuming it was Keurig.
Is that the name of the company? I don't know, but anyway.
Whoever invented that, that thing is a lifesaver for...
But, so I don't sound like a free advertisement because we're not on the payroll.
To hell with that 2.0 thing where it wouldn't do the cups that weren't first party. It was so weird.
It was like an NES system that wouldn't play the third party cartridges.
I never have that problem.
Because when I buy a bag of coffee, it lasts about a month.
And my filters cost $2, and I can make my cup flavored any way I want to by adding things to it.
Can you make that cafe mocha right there?
I could buy that cafe mocha because they sell the grounds.
Oh, do they? Oh, that's something, I guess.
This is just the Target brand.
I thought there was something special because some of them now, they don't just put coffee in it, but they actually put cream.
I have this one at work that actually has cream and sugar in the cup as well.
So it's like a whole all-in-one thing.
I enjoy that you share coffee with me, and I'm glad to buy you cups. I just wish that they were more biodegradable than they are.
It seems like some other companies are coming out with solutions, so maybe everybody will switch to that.
Because there's these other ones we get that are totally different, and they work, but they seem more out of materials that would biodegrade easy.
These do make a lot of waste. However, delicious, and just exactly what I needed.
Hits the spot.
I also have Kit Kats. I've been on a quest for all the different flavors of Kit Kats from Japan.
I finally got the cheesecake Kit Kats.
Oh, that sounds amazing.
They're really good. I only have a few left from the package I bought yesterday.
But I forgot to buy the strawberry cheesecake ones that they had at...
In Japan Town in San Francisco, they have an omiyage store, which it's like the packaged omiyage that you get when you travel all over Japan and then you take them to all your friends.
But they had the strawberry cheesecake ones, and I almost bought that box, except I thought I already had strawberry cheesecake, but I just had regular cheesecake.
Still super good. And then I got blueberry cheesecake soft Oreos.
That's a flavor?
It's a flavor in Japan.
Ah, that sounds amazing.
They're amazing. Green tea Oreos are also good.
I'm kind of glad you didn't bring all that to the show, though, because I've eaten enough this weekend.
They also have heavy sweet cream Oreos.
It tastes like condensed milk.
This is kind of funny to me that this weekend you traveled to the West and went to San Francisco to spend the day.
And I traveled to the East and I went to Reno and went to Wizard World this weekend on Saturday.
And then, of course, we're in Reno. We got to go to a buffet.
So we went to a buffet, and I am really not proud of how much I ate at that buffet, but it was pretty good.
You know, I did have something dismaying happen.
What's that?
One of the big reasons I went was to go to Soko Hardware and get a tatsunabe, an iron pot.
And the one I wanted was like $130 for a wrought iron pot.
And they had cheaper ones, but I think I'm going to just look online because I really want a good tatsunabe for making sukiyaki and other things.
I've started cooking a lot more.
Let me ask you one other quick question, then I want to get to Techmaster Loki.
Because, obviously, this is a video game show and we do talk about gaming.
Did you go to that little arcade they have there with all the imports?
I stopped by there, but I had Becky with me, so I didn't play anything.
Ah.
But you could see it from a little place that you go to get taiyaki.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, also joining us in the studio tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how you doing?
Doing fine.
Good. Well, since Dark Soccer and I are kind of pooped from our trips, you're going to need to carry the energy on the show tonight.
Because before you were here, Dark Soccer and I were like, can we maybe have like a nap segment?
Like maybe like the official OLR siesta of the week?
And then we just go silent for five minutes while we nap.
Or maybe 20. I guess 20 minutes is a much better nap than five.
So you might have to pick up the energy a little bit on tonight's show, Loki.
Okay.
So, one little storyline here on OLR I'm sure people have been following and kind of getting a chuckle out of over the past couple months.
Was that you used to make fun of me for playing this cell phone game.
I didn't make fun of you for playing Ingress. I didn't get it. It was like Minecraft.
You know, where I didn't get Minecraft.
I think that's a good comparison. That's a fair comparison.
Because when I first played Minecraft, I was like, I don't get it.
I still don't get it, but I'm playing it anyway.
So, but you've gone like full tilt boogie on Ingress.
And right now they're doing a special event, which is like, it's for their third anniversary.
Double XP.
I just call it XP because for all the role playing games, it's always experience.
That's basically what it is, but they call it AP because they got to be different.
So, but it's double that for like a week or two.
So you've been taking big advantage of this, right?
Yeah. So I went from level seven to level nine.
I'm not nine yet because once you get to past level eight, you have to have like certain amount of medals and stuff.
It's like achievements.
So imagine like to get further in a game, you have to have achievements to unlock stuff.
So I don't have the achievement yet.
I don't have a gold medal to level up to nine, but I have the experience to do it.
I just don't have the medal yet.
That's the only downside of the double AP because Alan gained a lot during that segment when they did it last year.
And he was short on badges for a little bit as well.
I think he just barely has the badges to get to 10 or whatever, which I think he's going to hit during this event.
So kind of interesting.
So anyway, I just thought the listeners to get a kick out of that, that you've been playing a lot more than that.
I had, you know, some time to take because I had these like floating holidays I had to take before the end of the year.
And I was just like, eh, if I tell my wife what I'm going to take time off or take time off, she's going to watch the kids.
So I'm just not going to say that I am.
And so you better hope nobody plays this for you.
I mean, it's fine. It's, um, it was only like a day or two.
And it's, you know, I just got out of the house and I was playing that until like eight at night.
You know what to get you out, get you moving.
Yeah. I, my phone's been buzzing, you know, tell me, Hey, you've hit your walking, you know, thing for the day.
Hey, you've hit a new record of walking.
And you know, so I did a lot of that and, um, I got to frack farm something with some people on Friday.
So that was kind of fun. I bought my first in app purchase, which I didn't actually, I didn't actually pay for that.
I answered free surveys through Google, you know, through the Android thing.
And so I had like five dollars and I'm like, okay, I'm just going to buy some in app purchase for that.
And I still have money left over. So no real money has actually been spent on it. Okay.
Okay. Just time, just time. It's very little time.
I mean, anyone has an Android phone and seriously do that because it's like one second surveys and you get like a few cents and they send it to you like a few a week.
All right. Cool. All right. Well, I do want to also introduce the ever present fourth guest on our show.
We don't have anybody in studio tonight, but we do have our live chat room and we always appreciate those folks that participate along with our show live.
It's part of what makes our little gaming podcast.
We have here a little bit special is that we are all in the same room here in the studio, but then we're also with you guys virtually via our chat room.
We do tape live Sunday nights at the voice of geeks network, vog network.com, vog network.com, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, you can always go to our chat room live dot vog network.com.
We do read chat. We do.
Sometimes if we are not, you know, we again, we don't have time to play every single game in the world because, you know, we all have day jobs and stuff.
But, uh, sometimes you guys that have played games, maybe we haven't experienced, you will end your opinion on something or you might set us, like if we say, um, Oh, such and such game doesn't have this feature.
You might correct us and say, yes, it does. Or in the case of what happened today.
So to do a, do a small correction, the last week's episode, I suppose I get a message from Shane and he's like, I'm listening to last week's episode and he's like, nobody corrected you on how wrong you were.
That Dragon Quest heroes is not on Xbox one. And you actually said it was, and now that I was kind of thinking back, I'm like, that's right.
It was a PlayStation four exclusive, wasn't it? So, Hey, sometimes, sometimes even with the help of chatters, we might miss something accidentally, but, uh, it happens.
But anyway, we do appreciate those. You guys that, uh, participate with our program and, uh, looking at the chat room, uh, some folks talking about coffee because dark soccer was talking about the coffee thing a little bit ago.
Uh, William murder face and chat says French press for life. Uh, Mr. Rizzo's agrees to the French press. I know Alan's a big fan of the French press.
I have a French press. I also have a 1950s Pyrex percolator, which I love. Um, but Dan doesn't like the way the coffee turns out in it, but I love the sound. And then I have my drip cups.
Um, dark to see in chat says, has Rob seen the Oreo churros? Yes, I have. They're only like one Oreo car in Disneyland. I think it's actually outside, um, in, uh, downtown Disney.
But I, I, you guys, as much as we kind of always talked about Disneyland on the show, I haven't been in over a year now. The last time I went to Disneyland was last E3. I just, the prices have gone up so much. It's sad.
So I've seen the Oreo churros. I have not experienced one yet. Um, let's see. Um, act deft in chat says we have some hazelnut spread Oreos in Mexico or Nutella Oreos, but not actually Nutella. That sounds kind of amazing.
Actually. I told him if he sends me some, I'll send him a Kirby candies from the Japanese store. There you go. That sounds like a good exchange. Uh, let's see.
Um, also going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Alan Alchemy, responding to the, uh, siesta we're threatening to take during the show says the ritual recording of part B will be an hour long. Deal with it. Z, Z, Z. New Adele album plays.
Well, you know, we actually would not be able to stream the New Adele album because she put the kibosh on that. From my understanding, you cannot hear New Adele on Spotify because certain artists that can still sell millions of copies of their albums kind of just give the finger to streaming.
Cause you know, they want to sell more copies of their albums at Target. I sort of say, you know, put it on a delay or people are going to turn to piracy anyway, but whatever. It's, it's an interesting, uh, decision that they make there.
Uh, and blueberry in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says exotic limited edition snacks are the best. It's like finding shiny Pokemons in real life, but you can eat them too.
Who says you can't eat Pokemons? Who says you can't cook a Pokemon? That's what Charmander's for. So if it's anything like, you know, uh, Ingress, you know, recycle. I want to convert this Pokemon into like, I don't know, something.
Well, you, you, you joke about the Ingress comparison, but let us not forget. Those are the guys that are making Pokemon Go. That's why I made the comparison. So yeah, it may, it may, that may be a reality someday. We'll see.
I have to say, just mildly speaking on Pokemon, the new Digimon series came out that's related to, uh, the first two series that came out in Japan and over here. Um, and it's amazing and it's on Crunchyroll.
Okay.
I have to say for any other people who were, did you, cause you know, I'm a, I was a big Digimon fan.
I know you were, you were like the only person I knew that watched it.
And there, you know, I played the Digimon games and everything, so it's kind of video game related, but, um, it's on Crunchyroll and everyone owes it to themselves to watch it.
Cool. And you know, um, as much as that Pokemon Go thing, as a, as a Ingress player over a year, as much as when they first announced that I was kind of like, what the fuck? Like I was just like, this doesn't make sense.
The more I kind of think about it and I'm like, I am actually like really excited for that because I think it is going to be the Pokemon MMO we've always wanted, except it's going to be real.
So are you supposed to like battle people with that or like?
You know, everything is speculation at this point. They've shown one trailer, they've shown nothing on gameplay. Supposedly there was a beta test in 2015, but I kind of doubt that that's happening. I think, um.
Why am I not hearing this from Kotaku yet?
Maybe, maybe they got blacklisted by Niantic, I don't know. But to be fair, Loki, we haven't heard it either. So, we're just as much hot water as anybody else. So, anyway.
I just, you know what's funny? I didn't even have any, I know this, getting into our kickoff topic tonight. I know that's the thing that like everybody's been talking about on blogs and everything and I know even Bobby was talking about it on his show tonight.
And that's when I realized, when Bobby brought it up on his show, I was kind of looking at our show roll going, oh shit, I didn't put that anywhere on our show roll tonight, even though like that's a big thing.
Because it's not fucking news, who cares if they, oh damn, a website that I don't care to read anymore because it's very sensational got blacklisted by two companies. Well, fuck them, who cares?
I think it's more the precedent than anything else. What if it was a different site that you did like? Because there probably is going on with a site that you do like.
Okay, well if you violate your NDAs, then you're probably going to get blacklisted.
But my understanding was they weren't under NDAs for anything that they spilled. NDAs are usually very specific to what you can and can't disclose.
Because that's the weird thing about the industry is that they've got one arm that's the very public facing stuff and everything that they're pushing and promoting and then there's the other that's working on everything in secret.
Well, if you do something that they don't like, if you're an entity that's doing something a company doesn't like, they don't have to do business with you.
They don't have to share information with you because they don't see you as a trustworthy source anymore. It's like, well, I understand that you're not going to maybe follow our narrative or whatever as far as what we're putting out of PR and stuff.
That's fine. If a company doesn't want to do that, like a media company, then that's cool. But it's like, hey, we had this big announcement planned and you guys went and fucked it up. We're kind of mad at you for that.
So we're just not going to give you the opportunity to do that anymore. I don't see a problem with that.
My whole thing on it is that a lot of this I see parallels as to why I really don't enjoy E3 anymore. And that is that it's about the script and sticking to the script and nobody wants to go off the script and everything is just, okay, you can come spend five minutes with our very blah copy of the game.
Or now it's about, you can come to our theater where you've waited in line for an hour to get in this theater where you can watch somebody else play the game for 20 minutes.
You know, and it's just like, I just, I'm not an on the script kind of guy, but I also don't do this for a living. I don't get paid for OLR. Has anybody here been paid for this show at all?
I got a copy of Dragon's Lair once.
Once in a while there might be like a fun little perk and we're always very thankful for that. We have some awesome listeners and all that. But as far as like, do we make $500 a show or something? No. God, no. In fact, we probably pay out more money than we're actually getting in perks.
But this isn't, like we've been doing it for what? Like fucking 13 years, right? We wouldn't do it if we didn't have fun.
Orange Lounge who?
Yeah, right? So, I mean, it is what it is. But my whole thing is that, and we talked about this when I talked about why I just don't really enjoy E3 as much anymore. I love the networking part of it.
I love to meet people, talk to other people and so forth. But as far as like, it's kind of boring at this point. Like it's just not worth the money to go to LA or the time off work and all that.
But what I love and my favorite part and what I've found has been like the most rewarding in the past year or two working with games is working with the developers who aren't on the A-list.
You know, there's a lot of very hard working game makers out there who are on like the B-list. And there's nothing wrong with being on the B-list.
We've had a lot of great people here on OLR who we've interviewed who are doing some great games, right? And even the indie level things. I love talking to indie people and about the games they're doing.
So there's sort of that side of it where I'm like, okay, well, I think Kotaku in this case, they have a right to answer the question, why did you not review Fallout 4 when it came out like everybody else did?
I think they do have a right to say, here's why.
Totally do.
But on the other hand, that doesn't mean I feel that Ubisoft and Bethesda should be strong armed into working with Kotaku.
No.
I don't actually believe that. I just think Kotaku will have to work better and smarter like the rest of us do who don't have these cushy partnerships with the developers.
Oh, boo hoo, you can't get your review copy. Where's my review copy?
Yeah.
I didn't get a review copy.
So, you know, it's just kind of one of those. And I kind of think, you know, well, then that website with their views.
Okay, so they're not going to be running stories on Fallout 4. They're not going to be running stories on Assassin's Creed, as many maybe.
That's more real estate for them to run stories on people who are probably really desperate for the coverage.
And that's not going to be what's going to be run on their website. But yeah, I see what you're saying.
Ideally, I mean, again, I very rarely, you know, I've had an issue with that website for some time.
I think things have gotten a little better, but they're not, like, it's still just not a website that is in my rotation, really.
But obviously everybody was tweeting about that story. I had to go see what the fuck was going on with that.
But anyway, that's just my thought on that whole thing.
So going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, I was going to see if anybody was saying about, let's see, Mr. Rizos.
I was like, everybody's talking about Digimon in chat, and I think that's DarkSaga's fault.
But I do see some comments.
Hey, Digimon is great.
No, there's nothing wrong with that, but Mr. Rizos in chat says,
I agree with Loki. Nobody who's looking for real info on gaming goes to Kotaku anymore.
SHO100Matt says, I do think that Kotaku is doing their jobs as journalists and reporting news from sources.
If Bethesda and Ubi is really mad about this information being leaked out, then maybe they should be mad at their own staff or clients.
I guess it kind of depends on how they got the information.
Let me finish. That leaked the information out.
Plenty of companies have ways of locking down the information channels if they wanted to keep information quiet.
I do think that is a valid point. Why are you not more mad at the people leaking the information?
It's just that they don't know who's doing that.
And I don't know. What were you going to say?
I was going to say it depends on how they got the information too, of course.
If they had talked with somebody and they're like, listen, this is under NDA, but here's what we're working on, blah, blah, blah.
And then they went, oh, hey, here's the information we got from our source or whatever.
And that's kind of fucked up. But if they have anonymous sources or whatever reporting this stuff to them, I mean, whatever, that's fine.
Once again, though, but they're well within the right to blacklist you, though.
You know, especially in a big industry where there's hundreds of people, somebody gets fired or let go for a reason that they're not happy with.
And so they turn to one of these sites and that's how they get back at their old company.
Come on, that has to happen. That has to happen.
You know, and I'm sure that's probably a part of how some of these websites get their information is jaded former or current employees.
Yeah.
So, you know, anyway. I'm not saying that's okay or that's right or people should do it. I'm just saying that's what's happening.
No, I want to talk to you. I want to talk to a Bethesda play tester.
Because how how is this stuff like that's good.
Good enough. I mean, because like I know it's such a double.
It's such a double standard to be like, you know, oh, what's a Bethesda game? It's going to be buggy as hell.
I mean, and that's why I enjoy those games, because it's like, hey, the dog is stuck under the table clipping through the ground.
That's okay. Like the other day was that the dog was it was stuck in like an animation loop or something like that.
So it kept like sneezing for like five minutes and then start like hacking up like a hairball for like five minutes.
And it was scratching for five minutes. It kept getting stuck in these animation, these idle animations.
It was kind of funny. Bobby Blackwell has a fair counterpoint here in chat saying,
My response that I said was that the bugs are most likely found by QA, but that the devs didn't have time to fix it.
Most of the bugs were probably reported. So blame the firm release date that they didn't want to delay.
I think he makes a valid point, because I've definitely heard the story of the QA tells them there's a problem.
And oh, we don't have some of these bugs that are like have been in Bethesda games like from like Fallout,
you know, New Vegas, Fallout 3, you know, Skyrim. These are like bugs that have been in all of these games.
And it's just not been fixed. I don't know. I mean, yeah, I understand that they're not being fixed by the devs,
but will they ever? They're not. I mean, honestly. And you know what?
At this point, I would be surprised if we see console mods, because they can't get their shit together with the way it is right now.
I'm going to take one more comment on the Kotaku thing here, and then I want to move on.
ActDeft in chat says both parties involved are in the right here. Kotaku is in the right to be pissed for being called out on doing their job.
And I imagine he's probably finishing his thought right now. And I'm just reading this early.
But my thought is the one more thing I want to get out here is that maybe it's time to just re-examine this whole process to begin with.
And it's always interesting to me how secretive and how tight-lipped a lot of the gaming stuff is,
where they really don't talk about what they're doing in advance.
And we've talked and made a lot of comparisons to the movie industry before.
I've always said on this show, game ratings should have the exact same ratings as movie ratings.
I don't understand why the two are separate, right? We've made comparisons between the two industries before.
In the movie industry, they're usually a lot more forward with what they're working on.
And that hasn't ruined anything in movies, as far as I know, right?
No, I mean, you get a lot of direction.
I mean, okay, maybe people steal ideas and that's how you get those direct-to-video things like, what was it, like, instead of Snakes on a Plane, it was like...
Yeah, Snakes on a Train.
Snakes on a Train.
No, but...
I mean, come on.
That company, that's all they do. They do those knock-off movies.
Exactly. I would actually maybe enjoy some knock-off games for parody purposes.
But, like, I think, I don't know if you really have to worry about companies stealing each other's ideas.
I guess you could say, like, you know, Titanfall, you know, had, like, the mechanics from Titanfall and Call of Duty kind of borrowed those for their last two games.
So there's some stuff that's being taken from one another.
But you can't copyright those mechanics, even though Konami would like to copyright, you know, arrows moving up a screen and you have to line it up with something.
So that's kind of fucked up, but you can't really copyright that stuff.
So, I mean, I don't see the point.
Maybe that they just changed their mind. You don't want to get people hyped up on stuff that's not going to come out like Prey 2 or Half-Life 3, you know, that type of stuff.
Alright, I'll end with one more comment here from William Murderface in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com who says,
I think the main perp here is entitled shitlords on the internet.
I can agree with that. DarkSaga, do you agree with that? The main problem here is entitled shitlords on the internet?
Yeah.
I just, like, you know, I hear Kotaku and I hear that there's something bad happening to them.
And I'm just like, I just don't care.
It's not as violent as the reaction I have to certain other gaming websites, but it's, you know.
You know, it's just like, oh, they're blacklisted. Well, you know, they kind of had it coming.
You know, that's kind of like the way I feel with that. It's just, you know, maybe they didn't, but I just don't fucking care anymore because of so much garbage that's been posted on the website.
Loki's over there going, they had it coming. They had it coming. They only had themselves to blame.
Alright, moving on. The thing I actually wanted to talk about with the kickoff topic tonight is that we have a lot of anniversaries going on in gaming right now.
Which makes sense because this being that week leading into Black Friday and Thanksgiving, you know, this is a huge release window.
And usually a lot of game systems come out in this timeframe, right?
So, actually, believe it or not, yesterday, the 21st, was the 25th anniversary of the Super Famicom system.
That's awesome. Were we getting any free virtual console games?
Probably not because I don't think there's an Nintendo Direct.
Ah, fuck them.
But November 21st of 1990 was when the Super Famicom, which of course was the Japanese Super Nintendo, that's when that was released.
So believe it or not, that system is 25 years old.
And I think many people would say, I don't know if everybody would say, but many people, including myself, probably would say, probably the best video game console ever made.
I kind of think. And maybe that's just because of my age.
You know, maybe people who are a little bit older than me, like if you're, or I'm sorry, a little bit younger than me, if you're like 7 years younger than me, maybe you think the best console of all time was the PlayStation.
Because that's what was out when you were that age.
Or maybe if you're like 15 years younger than me, you probably think it's the PlayStation 2, you know, or something.
Or the Xbox even. But yeah, that's, I think is probably the greatest console they ever did.
Even if it's really funny to look at some of the old ads and magazines, this is something that's been circulating around the internet this week.
Is some of these old ads and magazines that showed just how much those games cost because they were on cartridge.
I mean, you know, I seem to recall, like Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter II, like at the time, were like $80 games, I think.
Because they were on cartridge. And that was $80 in the 90s, which was a lot of money.
But those games were hella badass and worth it.
Any quick Super Nintendo memories or favorite Super Nintendo moments or like thing you most anticipated on Super Nintendo to kind of cap this together here?
I don't know. I mean, like a lot of the games were really cool.
And I remember I sold my Nintendo to get a Super Nintendo and the first games I got for it were...
I don't even remember what games I had. I know I had Roadrunner's Death Valley Rally, which is like Sonic the Hedgehog on Super Nintendo.
And I played the shit out of that. I don't remember what other games I had. Probably Link to the Past was amazing.
When we got my Super Nintendo, we got it with A Link to the Past. Of course Mario World came with it.
We had Home Alone, which my brothers played obsessively, and we got the Super Scope 6, which was actually fun. Blastress was pretty fun.
Tigerclaw on chat at live.fognetwork.com says,
I used to play a shit ton of Super Mario World. It was the game that came packed in the Super Nintendo.
Oh yeah. I mean, Nintendo, man, they were masters of the...in some ways still are masters of the...well, they slipped a little bit on Wii U.
But they usually are masters of the must-have pack-in game, right?
Think about it. Wii Sports sold that Wii. Super Nintendo was definitely bolstered by that Super Mario World.
I mean, it's one of the best games they ever did on the console, and it was the first, if you think about it, being the pack-in game, right?
And then, you know, Super Mario Brothers being a pack-in game for the original NES.
Granted, depending on which configuration you bought, but for most people they got the Super Mario Kart.
Yeah. Was an amazing Super Nintendo game. It was a pack-in game. Now, Nintendo may have slipped a little bit.
I don't know if Nintendo Land is on the same level as those other games, but...
Nope, it was shit.
I wouldn't go that...I wouldn't go far to say it was shit, but it wasn't Wii Sports, and it definitely wasn't Super Mario World.
No one was like, ooh, it's Wii Sports.
Let's see. Act F says, speaking of anniversaries for Nintendo on November 21st, Amiibo, one year old.
And that's how long it took for you to finally find them on shelves. There you go. One year out, and you can finally find the Amiibo on shelves.
I bought one today because of Shane.
Oh God, did he pressure you into Falco?
He woke me up this morning by a text message and said, Lottie's out at Target. So I got Lottie.
He's such a little jerk. He was messaging me all day Friday.
I need the 3-pack now.
He was messaging me all day Friday going, you want to get a Falco? The Falco figure's so pretty. It's so blue, you should see it up close.
I'm like, Shane, you are in the wrong line of work. You need to be a salesman. You need to be a salesman. This is what you do so well.
I want to get the 3-pack so I can get my DJKK.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, I'm retired from Amiibo buying until the Cloud Strife Amiibo comes out. Then I will un-retire for one day only and then retire again.
I may have to get that. May. But then again, I don't have Smash so that's kind of pointless.
If anybody from Nintendo is out there, seriously, do not make that fucking Cloud a retailer exclusive. Blood will be shed.
That's not a threat against Nintendo. I'm saying, you know those Black Friday fights you see at Walmart? That's going to be nothing compared to those Cloud Amiibos.
You better make sure plenty of those are available.
Let's see. SHO 100 Matt says, Shane waking up Jamie on a Sunday. He clearly likes to live dangerously. That's a very fair point.
I went back to sleep.
Allen Alchemy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, 2014 Sky. Amiibos are trash pandering to hoarders and merch addicts. Manufactured supply shortages. Burn it all to the ground.
2015 Sky. Amiibos cover my body with them and I'll roll around. They're pointy but I don't care. I have 80 of them. Money is no object.
It's an accurate read. What can I say? Opinions change.
No, I still think a lot of the retailer shit they do is bullshit. I don't understand. I don't understand.
I don't understand why Nintendo does not have their own store online where you could just buy the Amiibo and then they know you could preorder them on their store and then they would know exactly how many to make.
They could keep the money. I just don't understand why that's not a thing.
But see, if they're not in crazy demand, you'll stop talking about them and therefore they don't get the coverage.
They figured that out with the Wii and it's been like that ever since. These artificial shortages.
Because no one is inept enough to be able to not predict their fucking amount of product that they need for their customers for how many years now? Almost ten fucking years.
I mean, I'm sorry. They're not that stupid.
This does not ever seem to be a problem with Disney Infinity or Skylanders.
Well, Skylanders actually was a big problem and for Disney Infinity, though, they manufacture fucking toys and they still have those issues as well and they've done retailer exclusive things.
Skylanders I don't think is so bad because at least with Skylanders, for the most part, it's not a franchise. I don't think that people are like,
Oh my god, I gotta get a new one! Well, maybe it is, but at least with Disney, it's like, okay, recognizable characters.
Skylanders, I'm like, who the fuck is this character? I don't fucking care. Where's Spyro? That's not fucking Spyro. What the fuck did they do to Spyro?
My interest in this game is fucking up there.
Let's see, Bobby goes on, he's kind of slamming amiibos a little bit, but then says,
Lego dimensions don't have this problem. I haven't had a problem getting any Lego dimensions anything. Money is no object. Cover my body with Lego dimensions.
Wouldn't that hurt, though? Have you ever stepped on a Lego? It fucking hurts.
If you step on enough of them, though, it doesn't feel so bad.
Wasn't there a thing circulating on Facebook where now Lego is selling Lego-branded slippers for you to walk around the living room so you don't step on your kids' Legos that they've left all over?
I'm always positive that's a thing.
You're telling them to fucking clean it up.
Anyhow, I want to say one other anniversary. This one's a tough pill to swallow, because when we get on here and we say the NES is turning 30 years old and the Super Nintendo is turning 25 years old, we can kind of look at that and go, God, I feel old right now.
But this is definitely one that's going to make you go, wow, time flies, life's short. Also celebrating an anniversary tomorrow, November 22, 2005, 10 years ago, the release of the Xbox 360. Ten years ago, if you can believe it. The Xbox 360 turns 10 years old tomorrow.
Am I getting any free games out of this?
No, you'll probably get a free avatar. I love how that's Loki's response to all these anniversaries. What free thing am I getting? Happy birthday to me. What am I getting for free?
Well, if they're celebrating an anniversary, I'm not buying them anything, so what are they providing to me as a commemorative thing?
Maybe they'll be a sale. Who knows? I don't know. Anyway. And actually, wow, why did I think today was the 21st? Probably because I was reading the Super Nintendo article. Good, the chair was correcting me. I was testing them. Today is November 22, so today is actually the 10 year anniversary of the Xbox 360. Sorry, my mind was still stuck on the Super Nintendo thing, which was yesterday.
So it's actually today. But one day, differences aside, 10 years. I remember a time here on Orange Launch Radio when we were talking about the launch of the 360.
And speaking of trash amiibo retail shortage, all this stuff, let us not forget the Xbox 360, that was a fucking mess when it launched. Remember that? It was impossible to find it.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
You had to check retailer stuff online. I remember the only way I was able to get it...
You had to go buy them out of the back of a car.
Yeah, I had to go buy... That's right, you bought yourself a... Oh my god, and then didn't it not work or something?
No, it worked perfectly fine.
Did it? Oh.
Yeah, it was good. I mean, it died eventually.
What was the one where you got ripped off? You like went to Stockton or something?
Oh, it was because I went to mod an Xbox 360. I went to mod one, and then they stole it or something. But, you know, whatever. Had like 12 more or so.
So yeah, I had to get... I remember, in order to get one, I had to get the core system. Because Best Buy told me they got five in randomly one day.
And I got the core system, and I had to buy that hard drive separately. But it was like, whatever, I'm gonna pay it.
Because I want to play Final Fantasy 11 on this thing when it comes out for the 360.
I bought like almost every launch game, and I was disappointed by most of them.
But I did like... Why did I end up playing mostly? I played... I liked Amp 3, actually. That was pretty fun.
I didn't like Perfect Dark because you can't jump. I'm like, dude, what fucking year is this that we can't jump in a game? That's kind of stupid. So, there's that.
As ridiculous as it is, Xbox Live Arcade was really what sold me on an Xbox 360.
I have way too many Xbox Live Arcade games.
Geometry Wars was a fucking game changer. And if you think about it, a lot of where we're at today in the industry with digital distribution and everything else,
I mean, Xbox Live Arcade was the start of that. So, you know, that's going back a good ten years or so.
And there was a lot of, you know, shovel stuff that came out in those early days of 360.
But you also had a lot of, for the first time, legally emulated versions of classics that included online leaderboards,
sometimes online multiplayer, depending on the game, achievements, and things that kind of modernized these classic games.
And Sneaking! Where are my Burger King games? I was promised a second set of Burger King games.
And they're not here, and I am so sad that there's not more Burger King games.
I understand that you'd probably put them out as an app now, but that's not what... I want a fucking console game.
I'll take it from any fast food place.
Some folks in chat talking about their best 360 moment. S200Matt says,
The best 360 moment was getting the Orange Lounge radio and Bobby Black Wolf icons that I still have today on the Xbox One.
Yes, we were fortunate enough. That was back in the days when we were on All Games Radio.
And we were able to kind of group together, and I don't remember the specifics about this, sorry,
but somebody over there, I don't remember if it was Bobby or Scott or whoever, got in touch with the folks at Microsoft,
and yeah, we were able to get those gamer pics on the Xbox 360, which sadly you can no longer get.
They were cleared off the store some time ago. Because, you know, everything kind of...
Microsoft shifted away from those gamer pics in favor of those avatars.
Oh, that was a good choice.
Well, you know. But it was certainly an honor to be included.
I mean, think about it. How many gaming podcasts got to have an official icon on Xbox 360?
There was only ever two packs. There was, you know, the All Games Network pack that we were in,
and then there was the one before that, whatever gamer tag radio was on.
I think they're the only show out of that group that's still on today. Please don't hate me if I'm wrong.
I just don't remember all the specifics. But whatever their network was at the time, I think they had it as well.
So, what? That's maybe like 12 podcasts?
Orange Lounge Radio Who?
We had gamer pics on Xbox Live. I'm sorry. I don't know what you guys...
Well, you know, Bobby had the most successful icon out of any of them.
Because I believe he was the only one that didn't actually put letters or like the name of his show,
because he had his little logo, the little wolf outline thing.
And because it didn't have letters on it or whatever, it can kind of be interpreted.
I think many people that were using it have no idea what the Bobby Black Wolf show is, unfortunately.
But maybe it gave some awareness to him.
Hey, it's a furries icon.
I don't know what the reason could be, but we'll see.
So, certainly more people were using his than were using OLRs.
But we were thankful to everybody that was using OLRs. That was pretty cool.
Alan Alchemy saying, best 360 gen memory.
Sky, remember when Xbox Game Room was hype?
Here we go.
And they were like, we are absolutely supporting this.
And then it was out for three days.
And they went, everyone is fired and we're closing it down. Bye.
Yeah, yeah, I remember that.
Not everything that has happened in the Xbox 360's time frame has been a good memory.
We could also talk about 1 versus 100 again, because I think I bring that up every week.
How I just love the concept of an online game show that's always kind of going.
And 1 versus 100 was that.
And when it shut down, I had a cry.
Now, thankfully, and granted we've had them on the show to talk about this.
And you all know we love them over at Jackbox Games.
But they're filling that void a bit with what they're doing.
And they're kind of leveraging a lot of Twitch, I think too, to make that a little more current.
But there's something about that 1 versus 100 era that I miss.
I think the fact that it was live sometimes during the day.
And you actually had a host who was talking and saying things that were current.
And a lot of the questions would be about current pop culture stuff.
And I thought that was really cool, actually.
My favorite moment? Grand Theft Auto IV.
And maybe Saints Row.
But mainly my modded games in Grand Theft Auto IV.
That was the best gaming experience I've ever had.
All right, so Xbox 360 has certainly brought us a lot.
I mean, if you think about it, my god.
Achievements. That was new on the 360.
And now that's like a standard. That's everywhere.
That's on... except Nintendo.
But even within some Nintendo games.
Yeah, it's on Steam. It's on PlayStation.
It's in some Nintendo games.
But it's not system-wide yet.
I'm assuming the NX will have to have it.
It doesn't have to.
I guess not. And I guess you don't have to do anything.
It doesn't also have to have party chat or anything like that.
Some people can motivate themselves without arbitrary goals.
But arbitrary goals can be fun, too.
If you give me donuts, I will take that.
Because it's not arbitrary. I can eat them and they're delicious.
And then some folks talking about the Red Ring of Death in chat.
Tigerclaw saying,
My first Xbox 360 Red Ringed during a session 1 versus 100.
Yes, another dark spot in Microsoft's history there with the 360
that cost them a lot of money when they had to extend that warranty.
I remember my Xbox Red Ringed within that first week.
You could probably still find that episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I didn't end up getting my Xbox until, I think, February or March of 2006.
I feel like it was around Valentine's Day.
But I remember. And we talked about it on this show.
Yeah, I got my Xbox. I had to play it for three days before it Red Ringed on me.
I had to send it back.
I think our original never did, but we had another one that did.
It's just so interesting.
The second one I got never did. It's still down here.
That's, you know, God.
And I think about that thing is almost 10 years old then at this point.
It's crazy.
Anyhow.
All right.
We've talked at length about some kickoff topics.
I do want to get into our gaming week so we can get into the news tonight as well.
We always like to talk about what we've been playing
and where our head is at when it comes to video games
going into the show this week.
So let's talk about how was your gaming week?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was…
I'm still tangled over here.
You're right there.
No, it's the wires here are always tangled
because there's this one that always is intersecting mine right here
that needs to not intersect my wire.
Is it the guest mic?
Or is it my mic?
Yep, it's the guest mic.
It's the guest mic.
All right. We'll work on that.
Anyway, so what I've been playing is I played a little Final Fantasy XIV
but not for very long.
I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer
because that game is super cute and super fun.
I also played Wrecka today as in the Super Famicom game.
Dan put in some Thunder Force IV which is pretty fun.
It's a combination of retro gaming
but we also put in The Guardian Legend this morning
because we got our EverDrives
and so we wanted to see if there was any kind of play difference
or any kind of difference on the intro screen for Gaiden.
So apparently we'd always seen no game by Compile and Irem.
Apparently Irem was the publisher for Compile
and it says that differently on the Japanese cartridge.
So that was pretty cool.
Really? That's about it.
Oh, and Dan was watching Pat the NES Punks marathon this weekend.
So that was pretty neat.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a whole shit ton of Ingress, so there's that.
I'm kind of embarrassed about the amount of time they spent on it this week.
But I did level up from 7 to 9 basically experience wise.
I think on Friday I actually got 1 million AP in one day.
So that was pretty massive.
And I kind of learned a little bit more strategy with that and everything.
So I'm enjoying it a little bit.
It's tiring.
God, I ate through so much data on my plan.
It's ridiculous.
In fact, I'm kind of scared to look at it right now
because just in one day I think I ate through about a quarter of my data,
which is ridiculous.
Aside from Ingress, I did manage to get some Fallout 4 time in,
so I have my settlements going
and I've just been kind of exploiting the game a little bit.
I played it a little bit last night and I'm still enjoying it.
It's very Skyrim-ish to me.
I'm not really into the Fallout series,
so I don't really know too much about the backstory and everything,
but I'm enjoying it, so looking forward to that a little bit more.
I'll probably play some more tonight actually.
And then I played a little bit of Minecraft,
the Windows 10 edition and Xbox 360 edition
because my son's been playing on my old game that I had done in Survival
and had a pretty nice map going there,
but he's really, really, really into that still.
And the Windows 10 one, I missed the update,
so I haven't gotten a chance to see they're updating it now.
We're going to talk about that a little bit later.
But there's a lot more stuff that they're adding
to kind of bring it up to speed with the PC version
because I've actually been thinking about going back to the PC version again
just for maybe single player play some of the mods
because my son watches, like I said, all those mod videos and stuff.
I'm like, hey, that looks kind of fun. I want to play that.
So I don't know.
Okay. Well, that's it for your gaming week.
Then my gaming week, not quite as active as my co-host
because, again, I was out of town for a few days.
I went to Wizard World, which I had a good time there
and some fun celebrity sightings and all that, some good panels,
but it actually didn't have anything to do with video games.
So except for the fact that I saw some cool video game stuff for sale,
I did end up getting a Tron shirt from one of the vendors
because, unfortunately, I'm starting to see less and less Tron stuff,
so I did get an actual, I think it's a fan, it's not an official shirt,
but still, it says Flynn's Arcade with a little disc on it,
so I was excited about that.
But as far as games, I've still been playing Final Fantasy XIV quite a bit
thanks to the new 3.1 patch.
I've been leveling a DPS class up to 60.
I've been working on Machinist because I already have the Astrologian,
who's my healer, it's kind of my main, already at 60,
but I want to be a little more versatile in what I can do
to help other friends of mine that play the game.
It's good to have more than one class, so I've been working on that.
Otherwise, the only really new thing I played this weekend,
they actually had the Overwatch beta open up to a lot more people,
and I was fortunate enough that I was able to check that out.
I didn't really play against real people
because everything I'm hearing online is that it's still kind of a toxic trash environment,
which is really unfortunate.
But I did play a little bit with bots,
and I've got to say, I do really enjoy the different characters
and how there's so much variety.
It's kind of fun to just go through the different characters
and see the types of moves that they have.
I really liked, I think her name was Mei.
She's the one that uses freeze things.
She can freeze people with a ray, she can drop a block of ice,
she can encase herself in ice and heal herself.
I kind of liked playing with her.
Yeah, I think there's a lot of great character design in that game.
I hope they can do something about removing some of the junk stuff that's online.
And I also really hope that there's some type of single-player mode in the game.
And in kind of thinking about it, I'm like,
you know, there probably won't really be a single-player mode.
And I've got to be honest, if all it is is multiplayer,
I don't know if I'll end up getting it.
I've got to be honest.
I mean, it would be cool to play with friends and other people from VoG
and people that I know aren't going to be dirtbags online.
But I don't know if I'm really interested in playing a game
with nothing but strangers all the time
and dropping that kind of money on the game.
So I really hope there's some type of single-player experience in Overwatch
or I might end up passing on it.
That's the one thing that kind of concerns me.
But I mean, the game does look really good
and I love the way it runs on my machine.
It's very smooth.
Pretty awesome.
ActDeftInChat says,
it can't be more toxic than Team Fortress 2, can it?
Well, it's a lot like Team Fortress 2.
The game itself is a lot like Team Fortress 2
but with just some very different characters.
So I don't know.
William Murderface says,
I bet Overwatch will have some sort of grouping system.
I hope they at least ask some type of question in the beginning.
Like, are you an asshole? Yes or no?
And then they put all the yes people by themselves.
Okay, well obviously a question like that won't work.
Well, you know what's funny?
On the 360, I remember this was a thing,
because we were talking about anniversaries, right?
The Xbox 360 and stuff they did online.
I remember when you would first sign up,
you would pick, like, which group do you want to be put in?
Yeah, I remember that.
And one of them was, like, family-friendly.
One of them was hardcore,
which we all knew was where the dirtbags would go.
And then there was another one that was kind of, like, casual or something.
I don't know.
But they have, like, their four different...
I don't know if that ever really was utilized.
Oh, fuck no.
Yeah, I kind of feel like that really did nothing.
So I wonder if maybe that wouldn't be a bad idea
worth approaching in Overwatch.
But I guess if they have maybe, like, ranked mode versus casual
or, you know, for fun or something,
maybe they'll help separate that out a bit.
But I don't know.
I mean, I remember doing that.
Of course I was in hardcore because, jeez, there's no more hardcore than me.
And I just want to make sure I make this clear
because I can already see this email coming in about,
well, you know, why do you razz Overwatch for having all this online communication
but then say Splatoon sucks because it doesn't have it?
The main difference is that when I want to be able to talk to friends,
like, if friends and I are playing, that's a nice thing to have.
We kind of work around it on the Wii U by using Skype.
I did play Splatoon. I don't remember if that was last week.
Maybe it was, like, Monday or something, so I forgot to mention it just now.
But I was playing a little Splatoon online,
and we were using Skype to communicate on that.
But it would be nice if that could just be done natively through the Wii U
for when I'm playing with friends.
I did notice Overwatch seems to have a built-in voice chat,
which I don't think you get online when you play with strangers,
and let's all be thankful for that.
But it is an option when you're playing with friends,
so that's kind of cool that that's embedded like a console version of the game would be.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andrade with vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase TEETH.
Let's see.
Alan Alchemy in chat says that's a horrible comparison
because Overwatch right now is on the PC platform,
which allows layering background third-party apps.
Splatoon is what you see is what you get.
I'm not really trying to compare the two games,
but I can just kind of see that coming,
like, why are you saying this on this game and this on this game?
I just want to make that clear what the difference is.
All right, so that's it for my game week.
Getting into housekeeping tonight.
There is sadly going to be no OLR this next Sunday
due to the holiday weekend,
and I know Dark Soccer is doing something else.
I feel like you said you were doing something else, Loki, but even if you're not,
well, oh well.
You're ingressing.
But many of our listeners will be out doing other stuff, too,
so with the Thanksgiving holiday this weekend,
we will not be doing a show on Sunday.
We could go do that.
What?
Ingressing.
We'll see.
I don't know if I'm going to end up out of town or not.
That's the other thing.
I'm kind of on the fence on if I'll be out of town or not.
All right, we'll see.
So we'll play up here.
So there's that next Sunday,
and we're still going to try to make it work,
but I do want to remind everybody,
GamerX is coming up, or GX as they're calling it this year,
and VOG Network will be there,
although I just found out we're not going to have electricity at our table
because we have to pay for that,
and it's going to be too much money,
so I have to figure out what we're going to do.
It's a standby, but Dark Soccer and I were talking before the show.
We think we have some good ideas,
but we will be there having a good time with the people and the event itself.
There's going to be a lot of great panels.
I know there will be some good cosplay and some fun things to see,
so we will be at GX in San Jose,
and that's going to be the weekend of the 11th, 12th, and 13th,
which means we may not have a show the 13th.
We may have a short show because the only problem is
if we don't do a show the 13th,
we're going to have no show this Sunday, show, no show again,
and especially with me having been sick a couple weeks ago,
I really don't like missing that many shows.
I know y'all are understanding and so forth,
but I don't want to fall out of your rotation on your podcast app
or however you listen to this show,
so I do want to try and maybe get a short show,
maybe right as we get back from GX,
because I feel like we did that last year, didn't we, Dark Sakura?
We came back, and didn't we start a show at 7 o'clock?
Yeah, I thought we did.
I feel like we did something like that, so we may do that again.
So, Loki can go ingress for an hour and then come to the show.
I'd be playing more Fallout if my wife would get off the TV.
I mean, honestly.
Maybe that'll happen.
Okay, seriously, if she watches TV,
I have to figure out whatever the hell I'm going to do to entertain myself.
If I want to use the TV, I have to find things to entertain her with.
Like, I have to have a book for her or something, which is fucked up.
Vidpower in chat says,
Oh, hey, Jennifer Hale will be at GamerX.
Yes, that's true, Jennifer Hale will be there.
Dark Sakura.
I'm going to follow her around like a lost puppy.
I can't imagine.
Dark Sakura will meet Jennifer Hale in a couple weeks,
and that's going to be an amazing meeting.
Yes, that'll be great.
Very excited for her.
And there's going to be a lot of interesting, diverse people there.
So, I'm a little sad that the Ellen McClain, John Patrick Lowry thing
didn't end up panning out because I think they ended up having a conflict.
I'm a little sad about that, but I understand these things happen.
Some celebs always have to cancel the con.
It's not anybody's fault. It just happens.
Same thing happened last year, too.
I know, right?
That's kind of unfortunate.
But there'll be a lot of other fun guests there, so I'm excited to do that.
And you know what?
Dark Sakura and I will be there.
And hopefully you guys will be there.
Some of you out there, at least in the area, will be there as well.
And we're going to have a good time.
We'll play some Jenga.
Sounds good?
Bobby says don't break the ice.
Don't break the ice.
Bobby says that LuckyWish is falling forward on the Wii U
so he can play it on the GamePad.
Yes, I actually do wish that I could play it on the GamePad.
But oddly enough, I actually have the components to build a GamePad-type device
for other systems.
I actually had planned on doing it at one time and purchased everything.
Just never got around to making it because I would have had to 3D print a case
and I don't have that.
But I might be able to work something with duct tape.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
We're only, what, an hour into the show?
I haven't touched a bit.
Well, maybe a little news.
But we're going to get into the bulk of our gaming news tonight right now.
Loki.
So hey, Sony has actually confirmed that they're going to be working on
utilizing PlayStation 2 and emulation.
So they're trying to get that technology to work on the PlayStation 4
to be able to bring PlayStation 2 games to the current generation consoles.
And of course, they have nothing further to say at this time.
I still don't understand how it's not possible that the system can't emulate PlayStation 2 games
because, hell, a PC can emulate PlayStation 2 games.
And I'm not even talking about a really powerful PC.
A PlayStation 3 can emulate PlayStation 2 games.
And I'm not talking about the ones with the backwards compatibility.
So I would assume that a PlayStation 4 can do that.
Hell, let's not even worry about PlayStation 2 games right now.
PlayStation 1 games.
A fucking PSP can run PlayStation 1 games.
Why is that not a thing already on PlayStation 4?
To be fair, and I'm sure somebody's yelling that back at us
as they listen to this show, wasn't there the whole major chipset change
that came between the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation 4,
that they changed that type of graphics chip?
I understand that, but it's a PlayStation 1.
My old phone could emulate a PlayStation 1 game.
I kind of feel like, okay, and that was kind of a question I have,
is that, okay, if they're going to get the PlayStation 2 games playable,
then PlayStation 1 would just be a given with that, right?
Because didn't the PlayStation 2 just natively play the PS1?
And it wasn't even like when the 3s were first out,
because the PlayStation 3s had a 2 in them, basically.
They were like 3s and 2s in the same box.
That's how the emulation worked.
I think they still have the chipset from the 1 in there as well, but...
Yeah, because the 3s played the 1 game. I don't know.
So I feel like...
They had the chipset there at one time,
and then they went and software emulated everything,
because on the PSP you could do it.
But that's my thing.
The PSP can run it.
The PlayStation 4 can definitely run it.
You can't tell me there's something that the PSP can run that the PlayStation 4 can't run.
I'm assuming it must be compatibility stuff,
because at this point, since the hardware's not in there,
they're having to turn to software emulation.
You're right, you can do it through software on the PC,
but if they're going to be selling these games at whatever price,
they've got to be able to do it.
You know what?
You know what? I'd love to see, actually,
because we're getting into that whole Windows 10 thing
where you can use a lot of the Windows 10 apps and stuff,
cross and play with Xbox One and stuff like that.
I would love to see a bleem situation where you're having, you know,
someone can easily build an emulator, hide it somewhere,
and just, oh hey, they can play PlayStation 1 games on your Xbox One.
Who knows?
One other thing I kind of want to ask with this whole thing, too,
is I'm curious to see if they're going to allow it
where you can put the PlayStation 2 disc in the PlayStation 4,
and it'll work.
Because now they're getting a little bit,
this is where the competition is a healthy thing,
because Microsoft is now really needling PlayStation.
I think in their latest ad, at least the one out of the UK,
they even did a riff on, you remember that PlayStation 4 video
that they showed at E3 that had everybody screaming
when they said, look how easy it is to play used games on your PlayStation 4.
And it was like one of the executives handing the game to another one.
How to play your friends' games or something.
And they kind of smiled, and it's just that easy.
I remember they showed that at E3 and everybody was just screaming laughing
because it was such an amazing shade throw at Microsoft.
Well, I want to say, Microsoft UK released some video this week
that was a parody of that, but it was backwards compatibility,
and they even say in it, you don't have to rebuy your old games.
You own them. They're yours. That's stupid.
I feel like they even said language that was kind of like,
you shouldn't have to buy your games again.
So they're kind of putting baby in a corner here with PlayStation 2.
And I 100% agree, you shouldn't have to rebuy your games.
I think it is stupid, Nintendo, that you have to buy those virtual console games again.
And that they're tied to a console, which I don't have anymore because it broke.
So maybe, question mark, that's the slow down,
is that what they're trying to do is instead of being able to offer
select titles for download on the PlayStation 4,
they're going to open it up so all of them work on the PlayStation 4.
Because then the shade throw, now what they can do
is they can throw shade right back at Microsoft and be all,
and it's not just some PlayStation 2 games.
It's not just 104 games. It's all the games.
Well, that's cool that they can say that.
It's all the games except for the PlayStation 3 games,
which you don't play on this because if we're comparing generations,
it's totally different.
And that's fair and that is still something I think all of us want to see.
But it's a start. It's better than where we're at now.
I just want something. I mean, it would be nice to have this
because I did buy some PlayStation 1 games,
and I just don't feel like hooking up my PlayStation 3 to play them.
And I think there's just so much worth revisiting classic shit
that so many people didn't play.
I want them to play Import.
Yeah, that would be great too.
Then I don't have to dig out my JPS 2.
Well, and then there's things out there now like VibRibbon
that they finally officially released in the U.S., even if digitally.
But that would be cool that you could play that on the PlayStation 4.
Didn't they say when they released that at E3 or whenever that was
that they actually said we're working on the PlayStation 4 stuff?
How long has it been? It's been a little while now.
Well, I think it would make sense that I have Norwegian Lock
because that's how they were with PS1 games on Xbox.
Not Xbox, what I'm saying. On PS3.
My assumption is this is imminent with the PlayStation experience.
The PlayStation experience is in two weeks.
It's the week before GamerX in San Francisco.
Maybe they have nothing to announce right now
because they're going to announce it in two weeks.
I kind of feel like if you don't hear it out of that,
then I don't know what they're planning to do with this,
but I really feel like this is coming out of PlayStation experience.
And just, again, to tinfoil hat this a little bit,
didn't they say a long time ago,
we want to enhance the PlayStation games on PlayStation 4,
meaning we want trophies.
We want basically more support of those games.
So, I mean, if they come out with that at PlayStation experience
and say not only can you emulate the PlayStation 2 games,
but they have more than they had before,
that's going to be a really, I think, cool addition to the PlayStation 4
that's going to have a lot of people perking up a little bit.
Even if they don't have the three games.
I mean, yes, I want to see the three games as well.
You do. We all want to see the three games.
But, I mean, there's still a lot of places where you can get PS1 and PS2 games.
Go to any garage sale or flea market.
There's a ton of them out there, so we'll see what'll happen.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more news,
and I want to talk a little bit about the Xbox One in all this.
And the Xbox One getting a feature that was on the PlayStation 4,
and that is now you can remap buttons on the Xbox One controller.
It's not quite the same as it is on the Elite controller,
but it's a lot more than what was there before.
So now there's a centralized way through the Xbox Accessories app
that launched as part of the whole UI overhaul
where you can actually swap buttons.
So you can have one button do the function of another.
So X can do what LB did and so forth.
However, you cannot remove button functions entirely
or allow multiple buttons to one function.
That is still on the Elite controller.
But still, it's a pretty big step for people that need that button remapping in their games.
So that is now available on the Xbox One where it was not before.
Even though it wasn't a part of this story,
we were talking a little bit with our pal Bobby Blackwolf
before we went live with our show tonight
about some of the accessibility changes and so on.
And something else that came out with this was more narration on Xbox One
where it now is reading more to you about basically what's going on.
Not that it's going to read for you what's going on in the game,
but it's telling you a little bit more about what buttons are being pressed and so forth.
And funny enough, we were wondering if one of our blind listeners was listening
because he's called into this show before, Sturlock,
and he's talked about that experience and so forth
so that additional narration would kind of enhance that, I would assume.
And Bobby did let me know in private message.
He did hear back from Sturlock after he ended his show who said,
It's pretty amazing. It's leaps and bounds ahead of what Sony has at the moment.
You can actually do most things, even buying games.
PlayStation 4 is still extremely limited.
So that's really rad for accessibility
and allowing more people to be able to enjoy video games.
So good move on Microsoft's part.
All right, let's move on. Darcyra.
Well, we have had a lot of discussion about YouTube
and how, well, really the discussion has been more complaining,
which is very us to complain on this show.
You know what? Yes. Yes, we do.
So they have finally listened or at least responded to the complaints
about various fair use videos being taken down.
And so they released this statement.
YouTube receives a lot of takedown requests under copyright law
asking us to remove videos, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Sometimes those request target videos that are clear examples of fair use,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So they are really working on trying to analyze if they are legitimate or not
by continuing to say that they've set up an initiative.
And I'm going to continue.
YouTube indemnifies creators whose fair use videos have been subject
to takedown notices for up to one million of legal costs
in the event that takedown results in a lawsuit for copyright infringement.
This ensures those creators have a chance to protect their work
and makes the entire creative world better by educating people
on both the importance and limits of fair use doctrine.
However, this is only available to some people and not all people.
I guess maybe they're taking their biggest, most high-profile users
and offering them this kind of protection.
So this would prevent the takedown requests from going through.
And if they are sued, then YouTube's going to cover the legal costs.
That's great.
And that's one thing I've bitched about for the longest time on this show
is where is the fucking accountability of the people filing these copyright takedowns wrongfully?
And why does YouTube not side with the people that are basically giving them the money,
which is their content creators?
Finally, we're seeing that happen, at least in some capacity.
And I'm willing to give YouTube the benefit of the doubt
that they need to test this with a small group before they open it up to more people.
And I would imagine, especially what they're offering to do there with legal coverage and so forth,
you may have to meet a certain threshold of subscribers to qualify for it and so forth, which is fine.
But I'm so glad that they're putting this accountability in there for the people issuing the takedowns.
On the page about the details for this, they give examples of what fair use are using user-created video content.
It's only US videos for right now.
And overall, really, the hope with this, I think, is that by showing an example of how fair use is,
and giving an alternative, that this could spread and give copyright holders a little bit more of an idea of how they should be acting.
And also, this relates to gaming, certainly for Let's Play and so forth.
But I believe one of the people that YouTube is backing right now is, and god, I forget his name at the moment,
but he's a huge commenter on...
Jim Sterling.
That's it. And he actually had the bits and pieces of Metal Gear.
Wasn't it like a read on Konami and then Konami pulled the video?
No. Well, I mean, that was, you're thinking of Angry Joe, then he had...
Oh, I got my wires crossed.
I remember the Metal Gear one where he was talking about Kojima and stuff, and they had pulled down a video.
Or no, it wasn't him, actually. There was some other dude that did that. I'm sorry, I can't remember who now.
There was somebody that was talking about the whole thing, and then they got their video pulled, and then they got reinstated by YouTube.
Jim Sterling had some other ones. He normally gets stuff, because he does his best of Steam Greenlight trailers,
and he'll make fun of terrible-looking games, and he gets some of these small indie developers that'll pull that on him.
Even the way he's doing his fair use, they just don't like it.
He did a video on his thoughts on that. Of course, I haven't watched it yet, but I will link it in the chatroom to watch during the break.
I did, because I follow him and I watch that stuff.
He basically talked about that process that he was actually contacted by YouTube about this,
and they kind of went through and how that's going to work with these different types of videos, and they're using that point.
Well, he sure raised a fuss when it happened, as he should.
I've also raised a fuss, but I don't have the YouTube following he does.
He's had several small studios do that to him, too. They'll pull a copyright strike and threaten him,
and make all these threats against him and his family, and stuff like that.
It's ridiculous, because if you don't like it, it's criticism, and he's a critic, and too fucking bad.
So, good. I'm glad to see YouTube is taking steps in that direction. Hooray.
So, that makes me feel a lot better. It's not 100% better, but it's a huge step in the right direction, that's for sure.
I'm excited to see how that plays out. Let's move on. Logie.
Alright. So, along with that, this is kind of another company that I haven't really bought from them before,
but I'm aware of them, and the company is called Green Man Gaming.
It's one of the Steam outlets that you can purchase Steam keys from. There's a lot of different ones out there.
But, I guess they've been running into a problem with different publishers saying that they're not an authorized reseller for their keys.
So, for example, Witcher 3, the Wild Hunt, when it was coming out, apparently some of the keys, they weren't acquiring them legitimately,
and some were not guaranteed to work. Also, with different new releases like Call of Duty, Black Ops 3, or South of the Screed Syndicate,
both Activision and Ubisoft have contacted them and said that they are a non-authorized reseller,
and some of the DLC that was supposed to be with those games weren't included with it, because they were getting them through some other means.
And, apparently, Activision and Ubisoft, they're saying that they're not authorized to sell EA, Bethesda, Warner Brothers, and Devolver Digital and ArenaNet games.
So, I don't know. It's interesting. I guess just be careful who you buy from.
But, I thought they were pretty legit. I mean, I know they do sales and everything.
I still think it's a good thing that the Steam Marketplace does have multiple locations that you can buy things from,
so there's a little bit of competition there, as opposed to some of the other companies out there, or even the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Marketplace.
Some comments from Chad on this over at live.vognetwork.com. William Murderface says,
There's been murmurs about them since word leaked that there were Witcher 3 keys may have been unauthorized.
And Bobby Blackwell says, These are the guys buying Humble Bundles for a dollar and reselling the keys.
Which is, obviously, extremely tacky behavior.
I don't remember them exactly being that part of that, but if they are doing that, that's not a good thing to be a part of.
No. Absolutely not. I should say allegedly. I don't know where the story is to back that up, but Bobby doesn't usually throw stuff out there.
I know there's other sites that did that, but yeah, I don't remember them doing that specifically.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster adding to the Witcher 3 thing says, CD Projekt essentially came out and said they didn't get the keys from them,
so I have no idea where they came from because it was a launch title for their GOG Galaxy.
Well, and the other thing too about their keys, too, is some of them were for other regions, too, so they were sending the SO.
Who knows where they're getting them? Yeah. Somewhere.
And I've heard of that, too, where some websites will sell Russian keys for games and they sell them way cheaper because...
Piracy is an issue or something. Yeah. Unfortunately.
Alright, well, let's move on. Let's talk about Dark Souls 3. I know people are looking forward to that game.
That's a series that's been going on for a while, but the director of the game, Hidetaki Miyazaki, says he doesn't expect that he'll be continuing to make these Dark Souls games.
In an interview with GameSpot, he says that Dark Souls 3 will be the last in the series, or at least that's what he considers.
In the quote, quote, I don't think it'd be the right choice to continue indefinitely creating Souls and Bloodborne games.
I'm considering Dark Souls 3 to be the big closure on the series. That's not just limited to me, but FromSoftware and myself together want to aggressively make new things in the future.
I believe that FromSoftware has to create new things. There will be new types of games coming from us, and Dark Souls 3 is an important marker in the evolution of FromSoftware.
Can one of those be another ChromeHounds game? I don't think they made ChromeHounds, but maybe they did. I don't remember who made that. I know it was published by Sega.
But I know they do Armored Core, and I love Armored Core, although I haven't bought the last few games from them. But I'd love a new Armored Core game. We can make it super hard, too.
It's a tricky situation, because I'm one of those people that's like, yeah, I want Bioware to make Mass Effect games forever, or at least as long as they're still good.
And Dragon Age.
When they start being bad. But I also can kind of respect when he's like, I don't want to do these games forever, and maybe there's a point where I want to end the story, or what have you.
I sort of think maybe just because he doesn't want to do it doesn't mean somebody else will pick up the rights.
You know, like maybe, who knows, throwing crazy talk out there, like maybe Sony picks up the rights and has one of their in-house people do it or something.
You know, it doesn't mean these games will stop forever, but I can understand why he doesn't want to be involved with it anymore.
So, maybe Konami will pick up the rights and make a pachinko machine out of it.
Who knows? Anything is possible.
And Bobby Blackwolf is confirming FromSoftware developed ChromeHounds.
Alright, I just couldn't remember. But yes, new ChromeHounds game.
And Dungeon Buster says, if Dark Souls 3 is the last one, I'm okay with that. Love the series, but I'd love to see what else they can do.
Yeah, and I think there's a lot of people that are kind of, I think it would be okay to give the series a break.
Go work on something else for a little while and then maybe revisit Dark Souls on the Playstation 5 or something, if you want.
You know, if the fans are really clamoring for that or what have you.
Alright, and William Murderface says, can we get a PC port of Bloodborne, please, and an Xbox One port too?
I think there was some type of deal though with Sony on that, because Sony has been putting their promotion dollars in it.
So, I don't know. Maybe it's a timed window thing, kind of like Rise of the Tomb Raider, but we'll see.
Alright, moving on. Dark Sakura, before we get to release dates.
Well, this is an interesting one, although it's kind of a big duh as well.
But there is research. They analyzed 500,000 data points for League of Legends players.
That the usernames are reflective of the type of behavior that people show in game.
Meaning that usually players who are a bit more profane or antisocial also have usernames that reflect those same type of traits.
Whereas, you know, people who are kinder and more positive, those who are team builders or leaders, usually have the names that reflect positive traits.
Kind of a big duh, but at the same time it's just, it's leaning, it's giving an idea of more what to look for, ways to kind of, you know, play safely online.
And they are actually now looking into using these data sets that they've gathered as methods for studying human psychology.
Ways to find people with clinical disorders who are playing games and whatnot. So, pretty interesting.
The whole study's been published online. Put out by, looks like the University of York.
So, I mean, even though you kind of say it's a duh, it is kind of an interesting stopping and thinking point about, you know, what is that username that you put out there maybe say about you.
And we'll get into this a little bit later with the FUGU Question of the Week and so forth.
But I guess it's probably not a big surprise to hear that if somebody has a big name that's like the mixed caps, that's like, you know, Sephiroth misspelled 666.
That person's, maybe, maybe they'll be cool. Actually, we used to have a listener that was like Sephiroth something with numbers. He was cool.
But like, usually there's a lot of guys that use those names and like, you know, devil.
They're also using those to determine age as well.
Yeah, yeah.
Because some of those have to, are more having to do with age and maturity level.
But my thought is people that have those names with the mixed case and the punctuation and all that and the leet speak, those are usually the ones that are dirt bags in chat.
Whereas, you know, if you have somebody that's like cat loving grandma 123, probably not the person that's going to be as aggressive. You know what I mean?
I mean, I realize some people are always going to be ironic and there's that. That doesn't always work 100% of the time and I wouldn't want to make assumptions.
But I can certainly see where, okay, a good majority of the time, what you kind of put out there is going to be reflective of that a little bit.
But it kind of makes me stop and think about, I wonder what my username says about me.
Like when somebody goes into a match and sees my name, like what they must think about me.
You guys kind of wonder that maybe like, what do you think your username says about you?
He misspelled ski.
Probably on Twitter and stuff. Or yeah, a lot of people say that. Which is, it's actually funny.
It's very lighthearted name.
It's funny you bring that up. Where that comes from, and I haven't told this in a long time on the show, is that I had the name Green Sky years and years and years ago.
And the whole point behind that was, if the sky was green, which I love green, if the sky was green, that would be different but cool.
And that's me. I'm different but I'm cool.
Like that was, I don't know, everybody has a weird story behind their name, but in my mind that's where I got the name from.
But then I found out, that name apparently is really popular. And so it's taken on a lot of sites.
So a lot of places I have green s-k-i-e, because I would spell it wrong so I could actually get the name.
That's where my gamer tag comes from and all that, right?
But then at one point I was just like, it's a long name and I don't have to be green. So I was just Sky.
But now, honestly, I'm kind of like, I actually kind of want to change. I don't think I really want that name anymore.
I'm always like, I'm Rob Roberts, but I'm Sky.
Rob Roberts is my online identity at this point.
So I would like to change my Twitter, if I could, to Rob Roberts, but a spam account has it.
So I can't change it.
I can't change mine to Jamie Summers because it's a porn star.
You could.
Well, and then there's a part of me that's like, should you let go of a four character Twitter name?
Nope.
That's some rare real estate. And there's a part of me that's like, maybe I shouldn't actually let go of a four character Twitter name.
I got hate because someone else wanted Dark Sakura.
Oh, too bad, so sad.
Oh, well, there's places that have taken that one as well.
So I use my fallback, which is Kuro Tsubasa.
And I have a Gmail name all the time. I'm getting stuff that is not for me.
Like, and just like, and I get a lot because it's one of those things where it's like a very simple name.
And I know Bobby has talked about this on his show, too.
I'm bringing Bobby up a lot tonight. I should have just had him on Skype as a host tonight.
But Bobby, I know he gets that a lot with his name, too, because he's Black Wolf.
And I think a lot of people, you know, that's a very, you know, it's kind of like Green Sky.
It's a color object. It's kind of like a very, a thing that people want to grab.
So it's interesting to me.
Loki, what do you think your name might say about you when you play online?
I don't know.
Doesn't say much about me until I play with somebody and they're like, I hate that guy.
They probably think of the Thor movies.
Yeah, probably. It wasn't from that, though. It was from The Mask, because I was a big Jim Carrey fan.
But I like Loki from the Thor movies as well.
But you know what's funny is that when I play other stuff, like Ingress, I have a very not-so-serious name that I use in Ingress.
And it's one of those things where it's because I just think, I just think it's funny.
And it's one of those things where video games aren't serious and it's just a video game.
And so, you know, when it says my name is blowing up your portal, I just want people to kind of chuckle because it's not fucking serious, you know what I mean?
Yes, and then there's people like, also real player in the area, Phillip gets them wet, that, you know, that is a legit player that happens to be on our side.
Woo!
Yeah, there's a lot of people that use the names like 6ix9ine and 666 and, you know, all that stuff. Whatever. It's a video game. It's not that serious.
Let's see, going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeonbuster says, I love the really creative ones. One of the neatest ones I've seen for a cleric was Blessedabon.
I do love a good, funny name. And I, you know, not to toot my own horn, but when I was playing World of Warcraft, I played a monk, a Tauren monk in the Pandaria. I played a Tauren monk named Calmane. And I, you know, usually got a chuckle out of that.
I loved making fun names like that. Remember I had Rebecca Black?
I do, I do.
I found quotes that I say for the person who was following me around singing.
But I had Mookal, remember?
Yeah, I do.
M-U-U-C-A-U.
Mhm.
And, god, those are fun. And then, of course, the whole RIP characters.
PrincePeachFuzz in our chatroom says Blaze420.
Seriously, with a name like that, what do you think most people are going to assume?
When you play a person named Blaze420 on Xbox, what are you going to assume about that person?
They're going to be easy to beat because they're high. That's what you're going to assume.
They're hot and they're a Taurus.
That's going to be my new online name, HotTaurus, which is funny because I'm actually not a Taurus.
But, why not?
Alright, let's see. And TigerClaw says,
For years, I wasn't happy with how Google forces your real-life name to show up in your YouTube account
until they changed the rules and I was able to put in my nickname so that it shows up instead of the real life.
I found out you can put your nickname in first, then put a dot on last name since the dot will be invisible.
Yeah, the Google forcing your real name thing, that was kind of a mess as well.
But I think they did kind of go back on that a little bit.
Anyhow, moving on. Let's talk release dates. We're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Let's start with Loki in the US.
So there's nothing coming out this week, surprise, because it's Black Friday week and everything.
But, since we're not going to be here next week, I'm going to go ahead and talk about what's coming out in the first,
which of course includes the next purchase I will be making, Just Cause 3 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One as well as PC.
Also coming out, and I didn't realize this was even coming out now,
but Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, that's coming out on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Also they have a Kung Fu Panda game, Kung Fu Panda Showdown of Legendary Legends for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
PlayStation 4, Xbox One, 3DS, and I'm assuming on Wii U even though you don't see it on there.
Well, for some reason they're re-releasing Grand Theft Auto San Andreas yet again on PlayStation 3,
so that's also something else to look forward to.
Xenoblade Chronicles X coming out on Wii U on the Friday, on the 4th.
And that's it, although looking at the following week, I can't believe that Devil's Third is coming out.
I didn't even realize that was coming out. Not that I even give a shit.
Presumably Chronicles looks good. I'm not sure if I'll pick that up though. Maybe.
Alright, let's travel over to Japan and check out some releases over there,
such as Blade Arcus from Shiny EX is on the PlayStation 4 from Sega on the 26th of November.
Farming Simulator 15 is also out for you farmers.
Also, God Eater Offshot is like a twin pack. Volume 2 is being released on the PlayStation 4 this week.
And Mato Kironai Yugi Itai Daybreak Special Gigs comes out in Japan this week.
All of that on the 26th.
Checking out the Wii U, we do have a release on the Wii U this week. It's Taiko no Tatujin.
Atsumete Tomodachi Dai Sakusen comes out this week in Japan,
so I wish we got those Taiko games here in the US,
but I understand when they tried it, it didn't sell very well, so it is what it is.
On the Vita, lots of stuff on the Vita this week,
because Vita games in Japan is actually a thing, unlike it is here.
Criminal Girls 2 in regular and limited edition.
The God Eater Offshot I mentioned before is also on the Vita.
Goze comes out in regular and limited edition this week.
Kasato in regular and limited edition.
Net High Ryuyoku no Melodia Diva with the Blessed Dragonol comes out this week on the Vita as well.
And Shin Sankoku Musou 7.5 Empires.
Also, one more.
Jaigen Taisen Neptune vs. Sega Hard Girls You May Know Gatai Special comes out as well this week.
I have no idea what this game is. It looks like some type of role-playing game.
And I don't know if Sega characters are in it or something,
or why it has the word Sega in the title, but I'm not seeing that in the graphics.
So, hmm.
But there you go.
Maybe it is Sega characters, because it does say on the Sega logos on there,
Idea Factory and Compile Heart are all contributing to this game,
so maybe there are some Sega-related characters in this.
They've had a few of those RPGs that were crossovers between three of those.
Yeah, and they get more of the crossovers over there than we do here.
We don't always get them over here.
Had them before, I just don't remember when the last one came out.
It was like 3DS or DS.
Right.
This week in Japan on November the 26th, Ikatsu, my number one stage in regular and limited edition.
But, probably more people looking forward to a huge release on November the 28th.
Monster Hunter X is out on 3DS.
That is going to be a pretty big deal.
So, that's on the 3DS this week.
And that is it for Japanese release dates.
Let's go to the UK, Dark Sakura.
We have a few things in the UK.
Let me make sure I have the right date.
On the 24th, we have The Whispered World for iOS.
For the 26th, we have TrackMania Turbo on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
And on December 1st, I'll go ahead and extend out a bit,
we have Just Cause 3 and Rainbow Six Siege.
That's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
But, Dungeon Buster, talking about the Sega game.
Saying, haha, Sega Hard Girls.
It's an anime with personified consoles.
Terrible animation, but it has its fans.
There you go.
I thought that was...
Maybe I'm confusing it with the other...
What was it?
Of course, now I can't think of the goddamn name of it.
Hyperdimension Neptunia?
That's what I always think when talking about, like,
consoleized girls.
Because, I mean, they're supposed to represent the different game consoles and stuff.
But, maybe that's a different series all the other.
Well, now I'm trying to go back and actually look at the artwork
to see if maybe I can see, like, the consoles.
That could be, well, I don't know.
Let's see, I'm trying to bring it up here.
Of course, I had closed it when I was done reading the dates.
But, that's some good insight from Dungeon Buster there.
So, I'm actually looking at the artwork.
I mean, is...
Oh, that's a Dreamcast controller on her head.
Okay.
That is... I see it now.
So, she's got a Dreamcast controller on her head.
This one's a Genesis controller.
So, okay. I see it now.
So, it's consoles as anime ladies.
I see now.
They did Hyperdimension Neptunia with the original Xbox.
They have a really, really plus-sized woman as the Xbox.
The original one.
Oh, because that thing was...
The size of a house.
Let's move on, Loki.
So, apparently EA has confirmed that they're working on a new Assassin's Creed-type game.
And, this is, of course, because, hey, guess what?
They've got, you know, Jade Raymond, you know, joining EA.
And...
I mean, it just makes sense.
They said, we've never really operated in the largest genre of gaming.
That's the action genre.
I mean, I don't know.
They've had other action games.
They've tried to have action games.
I mean, I guess they consider a lot of their games shooters.
But, they're trying to make, like, an Assassin's Creed-type game.
So, more open-world, more single-play versus multiplayer.
Hmm.
Which, I like single-player games.
I don't like Assassin's Creed, but...
I don't know.
So, maybe this is something that we could see at E3 next year.
I just don't like stealth action games, is my thing.
And, maybe you don't have to play Assassin's Creed stealth-ly.
But, I just don't really like stealth games.
Like, if my Assassin guy would be just kind of like Leroy Jenkins,
just kicking down the crowd and shooting people in the face.
That's not really stealthy, so...
He breaks down the door with a ham-sar voice.
I'm the best Assassin ever!
Can we just get, like, I mean, here's what I would like to see, okay?
Let's just back up here.
I would like to see, like, a Deadpool through time game.
You know, if you want an Assassin game, I want a fucking Deadpool game.
Like, and you can set them in, like, every single genre that Assassin's Creed's been in,
as a pirate back in the, you know, the American Revolution days.
I'm down with that.
As long as Deadpool's in the game.
He's trying to seduce Bea Arthur.
I think it would be amazing.
Alright, I got one more story for you guys, so we're gonna get to the classic game.
And speaking of classic games, appropriately,
there's apparently a quest, so to speak, going on right now to bring back Bubsy.
Do you guys remember Bubsy?
Yes, I do.
Yes, I rented that game.
Yes, the Bubsy Two-fer, which is two of Bubsy's classic adventures,
Bubsy Two-fer is on Steam Greenlight.
Oh, man, you can't even get that instantly published?
Yeah, it's kind of weird that it can't just get instantly published,
but for whatever reason, yeah, they want to bring back these classic Bubsy games,
and they have this whole hashtag campaign going and so forth,
so it'll be interesting to see how the Steam Greenlight goes.
It'll get in, because it'll ironically get in.
It's getting a lot of coverage as well.
There's really terrible games that get, you know, put in there,
and this is a legitimately old game that's not that great, but it was okay.
Can we bring back Gex while we're at it?
Because Gex was pretty fun.
And by the way, those two games that are a part of this collection,
we have Bubsy in Claw's Encounter of the Ferdkind,
which I believe was the first game, and then Bubsy Two, which has no title.
Bubsy Two, we're not creative enough for a subtitle.
So I guess the last update, this is pretty high up on the Steam Greenlight chart,
so it seems like a given that this will end up getting greenlit,
but I'm kind of with you, I'm kind of surprised it didn't just automatically get put through.
So, weird.
And then folks in chat saying, Alan Alchemy says,
Bubsy One was amazing, but wasn't the second one shit?
And then goes on to correct himself, okay, Bubsy 3D was the bad one.
Yeah, Bubsy 3D was...
Bubsy 3D was what pretty much killed the entire franchise.
So, yeah, hopefully the original...
It was an awkward time, it's like puberty,
like everybody was getting into the 3D games,
they didn't quite know what to do with it,
and then unfortunately they just shit out Bubsy 3D.
And there's a lot of really bad 3D games that came out around that time.
It was an awkward stage of gaming.
Kaijuto in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
I remember Bubsy and the only thing that was good about that game was
he tapped the TV screen if you let him stand too long.
Other than that, the game sucked ass.
I didn't think it was that bad, unless it was Bubsy 3D.
But I do remember, the standing still animations are always
some of my favorite in games, that's for sure.
Let's see.
And bobbyblackwolf with a reality check saying,
Just because a game is old, it doesn't mean people will re-buy it on Steam,
hence the green light.
I just kinda, I don't know, I guess I thought people had
fonder memories of Bubsy, but maybe,
maybe Bubsy 3D has still tainted people to this day,
because even Alan was like,
it wasn't one of those games, real shit.
Let's see, and tigerclaw is asking,
you guys remember the Bubsy animated cartoon?
No, didn't that not become a thing?
I remember there was one, but I don't think I ever watched it.
Whenever I think of an animated cartoon like Bubsy,
I would think like, what was that, was it Bonkers or something?
It was something that was part of the Disney lineup or whatever.
Alan Alchemy in chat at live.fognetwork.com saying,
King's Quest VIII equals worst game to come out of the proto-3D-as-the-norm
Quake Half-Life 3D Awkward Puberty era.
Yes, talk about a franchise killer.
I mean, King's Quest VIII pretty much killed that franchise until like,
just recently they did the whole, you know,
kinda re-imagining of the series on consoles,
but those games play very differently.
What about like Dragon's Lair 3D?
Didn't they do like a 3D Dragon Lair game that wasn't very good either?
I feel like they did like a real Dragon's Lair, something that was on like Xbox,
like original Xbox or something.
So, anyway, let's move on.
We would need to get into the classic game of the week.
We're running kinda long tonight, believe it or not,
but we do need to step into the vault where every week
Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
hey, play some cute music and put on this game.
And this game is one with cute music,
actually we're gonna talk about it tonight.
Dark Sakura, taking us to Japan tonight to visit the classic game of the week, right?
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is Yume Kojo Doki Doki Panic.
Yes, I'm doing this one.
And I realize I've already done Super Mario 2 or Super Mario USA.
I am specifically doing Yume Kojo Doki Doki Panic.
Because I want to go into this for a particular reason.
Nintendo has sold out.
They've done it several times in the past.
You know, two of the times that they did this,
and this is of course going back to the 80s,
and yes, Garris makes my heart go Doki Doki, thank you, Alan.
But three times in the past, and this is one of those times,
did Nintendo sell out.
One of them was with Kete Kita Mario Brothers,
where they just were advertising stuff the whole time by reskinning Mario Brothers.
There was On Night Nippon Super Mario Brothers,
which was another reskinning of Super Mario Brothers.
And then there was this.
This among those was the first time that it was a full game meant to advertise.
I was gonna say the real big time that they sold out was probably the CDI games.
I'm talking about for advertising.
So anyway, Yume Kojo Doki Doki Panic,
which will translate to Dream Factory Heart Pounding Panic,
was released in conjunction with a very limited event that happened in Japan.
It was for the Yume Kojo 87, which was a carnival done by Fuji TV
to promote its fall lineup of shows.
It was a big carnival, and one of the things that they had going on
was a sort of dedicated Rio de Janeiro style carnival with masks and everything,
which of course was also mildly influenced by Marty Roth.
This only happened for about a month and twelve days.
It lasted from July 18th to August 30th, 1987.
So it wasn't very long.
And a lot of the ads for this were masks.
Just all these masks.
And a lot of the styles of the masks showed up in the Japanese version of the game.
So how the shy guy and the little bird hopper guy and all of these things were wearing the masks.
And you had a mask motif in the background.
What for us were the mushroom blocks were actually different types of masks.
One of them looking very much like Gene Simmons, I must say.
The characters in the game were the mascots from the carnival,
which had sort of an Arabian Nights kind of theme.
So you had the main character who was Imogene, and then Mama, Lina, and Papa.
And they were going into a bedtime story where Wart was a character in the story
and he kidnapped their children Pokey and Peaky.
So there was...
It was really in its core advertising.
However, we got a really good game out of it.
Kind of a confusing game at first, but a really good game.
And I really more wanted to go into the backstory of how this came into play.
Because not too many people...
I mean, people know that, yeah, it was the You Make Hojo game,
but they don't really know how it came about or what You Make Hojo was or any of this other stuff going on.
So other things this game had in it, as far as big differences,
is that you had to beat it with all four characters to get the ending.
Oh my god. Can you imagine beating Super Mario Brothers 2 with Toad?
Yes.
Not for me, no thank you.
Peach or Luigi all the way.
It's funny, Luigi was Mama.
And Luigi actually has a higher jump than Mama did.
So some of those were changes.
You could not run.
The run feature was something that had been a Mario thing,
so they didn't implement it until they put the Mario stuff on it.
In the Japanese version, you could kill Wart in four moves.
They bumped it up to two in Super Mario 2.
But in the prototype, it was four.
Bumped it up to six.
Yeah, bumped it up to six, sorry.
They bumped it up by two.
Sound effects change, like the little creatures don't scream when you kill them.
The Fanto actually was also redesigned.
You had different masks as well.
And it wasn't as...
It wasn't as, I'd say, aggressive as it is in Super Mario Brothers 2.
The White Mouser was changed because he was actually super hard and very erratic,
so they put in Claw Grip, who was not in the original version at all.
The sound effects are the big thing I noticed.
You can even hear it in this Birdo fight.
Let me turn it up a little bit.
Yep, it's screeching.
What's the mask? Look at the gate.
The gate's a masked bird instead of the, sort of, falcon-looking thing.
The Gray Sniffit is in the manual for it, but didn't show up in the Japanese version.
The musical score shortened a little bit.
The Subspace music was its own. It was sort of an Arabian theme.
Oh, here it is.
Dammit, it just passed by.
You could hear it in the background for a little bit there.
The character playing this just went into Subspace.
The Starman is in there, but a different music plays.
Your mushrooms, where you go to gain extra life, are hearts.
Which makes sense that you have the hearts on the side.
You have a save feature in the game.
Some of the sound effects actually had to do with the fact that it was the disk system versus the NESP,
so it had different, with the different pin connectors.
Actually, you can go back and play this one, because that's a little bit longer of a theme.
Oh, they're already out of Subspace?
Yeah.
That's a good one.
Um, anyway.
Some of the platforms were changed around.
Some of the artwork was different.
Okay, so here it is.
The animations were, uh, they actually added animations for the US version,
so they improved upon that.
Which was really weird, because in some games, like Contra, they removed animations.
The explosion blocks say bomb B-O-M instead of bomb, and the bomb thing was just for Super Mario Bros. 2.
Some of the vegetables looked different as well.
The one up mushrooms were the heads of whatever character that you were controlling,
and the potions were actually lamps.
They were magic lamps.
One thing that was very big is that when you could pull up a shell in the US point,
in the Japanese one in Doki Doki Panic, it was actually a little head.
And it was in the game called the Big Head, but it was actually a face in blackface.
So, granted, that's a pretty good reason to get rid of that, given that's a very, I'd say, racially insensitive thing.
So yeah, a few things were different about the ending.
You, uh, instead of rescuing Subcons, you rescued Pokey and Peaky,
and you're standing on their cage while they're still inside it.
You know, you don't get the-
Oh, here's the star music.
It's different. It sounds like something out of Kid Icarus or something.
Yeah.
Another thing is that you don't get the who beat how many number of levels,
because, honestly enough, you have to play through the game with everyone.
Yeah.
So, there's a need.
And so, that's it.
That is the differences with Yume Kojo Doki Doki Panic and why the game exists.
It's basically Nintendo giving advertising.
I like some of these comments in chat here over at live.vognetwork.com.
S2100matt saying,
Seriously, Mouser doesn't get that much love in Mario games anymore.
You know, a lot of the characters from Doki Doki that crossed over into the Mario universe,
you know, kind of retconned in, essentially,
you see Shy Guy a lot today, but that's really the only one.
Like, you don't see a lot of the other Mario 2 mobs,
and it always kind of, you know, and I know I've said this on a show before,
I'm always kind of surprised that Wart never came back as a villain in any other game.
Is he just, does he just suck compared to Bowser?
Maybe he actually died.
Mario actually murdered him.
The sub-cons executed him, and Mario went back to the real fucking universe,
where somehow there are Shy Guys,
which my theory about the Shy Guys is that when they take off their masks,
they're the big blue puffy things hanging around in Klonoa's universe.
Akdeft is screaming in chat because, in all caps,
because he was a dream, he never existed.
Okay, like, this is a fucking video game, people.
Like, that could stop the story from, I mean, come on.
It doesn't matter. He could still, he could still be a villain in a game.
I'm linking a few of the posters for the game, the promotional art,
that, um, it's kind of interesting because it actually does show, um,
Mario and Peach with the characters that they replaced.
Um, I just find it very interesting, you know, um,
it was really, I'd say, you know, and given, I mean,
now this is sort of common knowledge now,
the real reason why it became Super Mario Bros. 2 over here
is because the lost levels are fucking hard.
What we got is the lost levels were hard, but that was Super Mario 2.
And it was actually in that game that Luigi got his higher jump.
So, since then, though, this game has had a big influence
on the rest of the Mario games, because you think about it,
Peach has always had her floating in any game that she's played in.
Yeah, and Act Deft actually said,
I like how they transferred the abilities in Super Mario Bros. 2
to Super Mario 3D World.
Well, now then, that part of the dream ended up working out, didn't it?
See what I mean? They can bring back what they want.
It doesn't matter, it was a dream.
And Toad was the fast puller, a little lighter on his feet.
He knows how to pull out.
Mario was always the middle-of-the-road guy. He's the reliable one.
And Luigi has his weird floppy legs.
And I would always call him Crazy Legs Luigi,
ever since I was a kid, ever since playing this game.
DartTet Studio says,
I'm sure I mentioned it before,
but Video Game Historian did a thing on Super Mario Bros. 2 and Doki Doki Panic,
and seems like those characters were from Fuji TV,
so maybe that's part of why. I didn't realize that.
No, they were mascots for this event.
For the Yume Kojo 87.
Because the theme of their carnival was an Arabian theme,
and they created the mascot.
I see.
And his whole family and everything was specifically for that,
but all the masks...
The family never came over.
They were...
The family doesn't come over in Mario Bros. 2.
They changed them to Mario and Luigi.
Oh, well, yeah, all of them changed.
Even Ima Jean, the main character.
Mama was replaced by Luigi.
What was the girl's name again?
The dad is Toad.
Papa is Toad.
Yeah.
And I'm trying to find the girl's name again,
because I had it a second ago.
Lina. Her name was Lina.
That's it.
And she got...
But yeah, that last picture they posted in chat room
was from a telephone card.
They did a lot of promotion for the event and for the game,
and it really seems like a lot of work to go into this,
and that carnival thing was huge.
It was a really big thing,
but it only happened for just over a month.
So that's really the part that blows my mind.
It's like where the World's Fair used to be years and years ago.
I guess, but this is really...
And I guess Nintendo is still doing it,
because they sold out with Mercedes.
That's true.
It hasn't ended. It hasn't ended.
Alright.
Yeah, but that's really it.
There it is.
It's basically Nintendo advertises for Fuji TV.
There it is, your classic game of the week,
Doki Doki Panic,
the game that would become the Super Mario Brothers 2
that we know here in the US.
Alright, we are going to take a break.
We're running long tonight, but that's good.
We're having some good discussion.
We're going to have a little more.
When we come back, after a quick break with you guys,
your emails, your phone calls,
the Fuqua Question of the Week,
and more news when Orange Lounge Radio returns,
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio,
live tonight with episode number 622 of our show
for November the 15th of 2015.
We're having a pretty long show tonight.
Funny how that works sometimes.
We had a lot to talk about in the beginning of the show,
a lot of anniversaries to celebrate in gaming with this,
leading up to the big Thanksgiving holiday,
and of course, the shopping,
and I'm using my quotey fingers,
holiday that comes with that Black Friday.
I'm curious, anybody in here planning on venturing out
on any of that Black Friday stuff?
I don't support it.
Yeah, it's not for me.
I can't deal with the crowds.
No.
I actually have to work this year.
I don't have Friday off,
which is a little different for me.
But, you know, there's a lot of people out there
working hard that work on Thanksgiving,
and not even just retail,
although certainly a lot of people in retail just get,
oh my God, they get put through the ringer this week,
so my prayers for you all.
Isn't there supposed to be some steam sale going on or something?
A lot of restaurants, movies.
Is there a steam sale?
There's a steam sale coming up.
They're doing a fall one,
and then they're doing a winter one as well towards the new year,
and then this time, I hope it's not a story they were going over.
No, this time they're doing, like, it's different.
They're not going to have the flash sales or anything.
It's just going to be a sale.
Here's the price.
That's it.
That's probably for the best.
They did a lot with the whole robot game last time.
Well, I don't know if you saw me.
I was looking at Red Box
because they're selling off some of their games
between now and Black Friday for like under $10.
Like they had Call of Duty Advanced Warfare and Ghosts.
It's not my cup of tea, but Assassin's Creed Unity was like $9.
I was trying to get Far Cry 4,
but yeah, good luck finding a kiosk that has a game from last year
still in their kiosks.
And if you do buy it, good luck at being actually a diss.
If there is a sale coming up, does that mean I can maybe get 10% off Fallout 4?
Too early for that?
I don't know.
You never know.
Maybe.
You all right over there, Dark Sakura?
Wasabi Kit-Kats.
Ugh, it's too spicy.
I want the Sakura Matcha Kit-Kats, but it's a little expensive.
Oh my gosh.
Someone send me some.
You're going to be full of Kit-Kats.
You're going to turn into a Kit-Kat.
You're going to eat so many of them.
All right.
Let's give me a break.
You mean to break you off a piece of that Kit-Kat bar?
Yes.
I believe that was the joke, Loki.
Yes, I believe that was the joke.
It's just a little bit of highbrow pun there, but I kind of gave her a dirty look for it
anyway.
All right.
Let's please get back into some gaming news quick before Jamie tells another joke.
Get back into gaming news.
So, let's see.
So, for rapid fire news, we've got Telltale confirming that they are working on season
two of Game of Thrones.
Apparently the first one sold pretty well.
So, hey, why not?
Because, you know, the fans are asking for it.
So, let's keep it going.
So, I'll have to look forward to that.
I still have not played the first season, and I know I think I had the first episode
free, so I may have to check it out.
So, with each Black Ops game that comes out, they have, like, of course, you know, the
Nuketown map.
And this time, and of course each one has a little Easter egg, usually involving the
mannequins.
This time they have some robot mannequins.
If you shoot the arms off of them, it kind of, within two minutes, and that's off of
all the mannequins, it turns into this, like, I don't know, really crazy, like a creepy
weeping angel thing.
And if you don't know what the weeping angels are, those are basically like these monsters
that when you look at them, they're completely still.
You turn your back to them, they run up to you to try to kill you.
And so, that's what happens in the game.
And then when you do that, all the robots start chasing after you when you're not looking
at them, and you turn around and just like in mid-pose, like striking at you and stuff
like that, and it's crazy.
But then they can actually hurt you in the game.
So, that's something to check out if you decide you don't want to play multiplayer on Nuketown
and you want to kill two minutes by shooting all the arms off of the robots, then go right
ahead and check out that Easter egg.
And speaking of kind of like a Silent Hill type of Easter egg, Norrin Reedus has come
out saying basically Silent Hills still needs to happen.
And he's super bummed that the whole thing just kind of blew up.
Basically saying the internet buzz about Silent Hills happening was so huge.
I've never seen anything like it, petitions with hundreds of thousands of people that
signed it, petitions to please make it happen.
That's crazy.
That's a crazy fan base for not just a video game, but also for people making that video
game.
And for me to jump on that truck with him, I was like holy balls, it has to happen.
You need to do this.
And then of course Konami said fuck that.
We're just going to make a pachinko slot machine out of that.
Why is it like every week on this show we have a story about how Silent Hills is just
continuing to disappoint us?
Because it was like such an amazing thing.
Like the last few Silent Hill games have been kind of meh.
And then they're like, hey guess what?
We're going to do this shit fucking right.
And it's just like the way they announced it was right, the people behind it, it just
felt so good.
And then Konami's like, fuck it.
It's like the greatest tease of them all.
Aside from Half-Life 3.
Alright.
Let's move on and talk about Rock Band.
And guess what?
Rock Band 4 is going to be getting an update.
Which is good because it kind of needed one.
So it's getting an update on December 8th.
And some of the features that will be going into the game.
Leaderboard and friend challenging.
More detailed song results.
In-depth statistics.
Improved calibration.
More items in the rock shop.
A mode that automatically plays the drums kick pedal for you.
Which is something, you know, again we talked about accessibility earlier.
People have been asking for that for a while.
So that's good that's there.
And also I just suck at using the kick pedal.
And there's that too.
And a full combo tracker that marks which songs have been full comboed.
And gives you an in-song indicator to show if you're doing it.
Or if you have actually broken your combo.
And the tracks from Rock Band 3 will finally be able to be imported into Rock Band 4.
Not hearing anything about, I don't know if that includes Rock Band 2 and 1.
Because that's 3.
But we'll see.
So anyway it sounds like a lot more features coming out on December 8th.
Maybe what should have been there when the game came out.
But I guess better late than never, right?
So there's that to look forward to.
Moving on, Don't Starve Shipwrecked.
Which, you know, if you played the original Don't Starve.
Which a lot of people have lost many hours to that game.
It was one of the early PlayStation 4 download games.
And of course it's done very well on Steam as well.
But Don't Starve is getting an expansion called Shipwrecked.
And it's coming out on Steam early access on December 1st.
New seasons, new creatures, new biomes, and many other new ways to die.
Hooray!
Many different types of job classes to hopefully not die as you're playing Final Fantasy Explorers.
That's right, 21 jobs announced for the game.
Which is weird to say that they've announced them because the game has been out in Japan for some time.
But I guess it would be appropriate to say some of the PR push is starting now.
And this is one of the early PR things that they're putting out there.
Is here are all the classes you can play in Final Fantasy Explorers.
Which include things that, you know, if you're playing Final Fantasy XIV or other Final Fantasy games.
You probably are familiar with things like Machinist, White Mage, Black Mage, Dark Knight, Bard.
You probably know all those classes.
But there are some other long time dormant Final Fantasy classes that are coming back.
Such as Sage, Alchemist, Blue Mage, Geomancer.
I know those were in Final Fantasy XI, but I haven't seen those otherwise.
Blue Mage.
Yeah, lots of fun stuff coming to the game there.
So I'm excited to pick that up.
Even if it is a little different than your normal Final Fantasy game.
Because it's a little more Monster Hunter.
I still want to check that out when it comes out in January here in the States.
Dark Sakura.
Excitement!
There is, I didn't announce this to anybody.
But I broke my, um, I popped my Kickstarter cherry.
With this one.
The Hot to Full Boyfriend plushie Kickstarter has passed $95,000.
When I went to check on my contribution, it actually passed $100,000.
So, um, all of the birds are unlocked.
There's limited stock.
For people who earlier pledged the $25 tier and up.
You actually get to pick one more bird.
You can add another one for $12 each one.
I got emails on it.
The $25 tier, by the way, gives you shoes so he can stab you in the back while you sleep.
You get Ryota, who is adorable.
And you get Okasan, who is really funny.
So, those are great.
And then, um, Capcom has confirmed a second round of Street Fighter V characters.
Um, well, they've put out shadowy images of them.
But the thought is that it's Alex, Guile, Ibuki, Balrog, Juri, and Urien.
So, who knows.
And then, um, last but not least, um, the Mega Man Legacy Collection will not have a physical release in Europe.
It looks like it's going to be, uh, download only.
So you do not have a chance of getting the gold Mega Man amiibo.
Sorry.
That's it.
Alright, let's go to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
And we read some of our favorite answers on the air.
And if you're not following us on Facebook, you should be our friend.
Be my friend on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
You can also, if you're one of those that's like, oh, I don't do Facebook, then maybe you're on Google Plus.
And you can add us over there at Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
This week's FUGL question of the week is about a story that Dark Soccer was talking about earlier.
Uh, where, what does your username say about you?
So we asked our listeners tonight, what is your username when playing online games?
And what do you hope that says about you to the other people playing?
This is probably a tricky question because we didn't get as many responses as we usually do.
But we did get a few good ones here.
Um, Brad's starting us off tonight over on Facebook saying, my username on just about every platform is Pod Culture.
What it says is that I am not above shameless plugging for my podcast.
Excellent answer. Excellent answer.
As you, as you shouldn't be. It's a great show too.
Uh, Tiger Claw is responding to us on Facebook saying, my username has always been Tiger Claw since day one.
The name was taken from the video game Wing Commander, which had a ship called the Tiger Claw.
You know, I don't think I ever realized that.
And Wing Commander was an awesome game.
He probably told this story at some point like six years ago, but I forgot.
So that's a great, Wing Commander series is awesome.
Um, so that's cool.
Uh, it was a name that has stuck with me ever since.
And what does it say about me? I don't really know.
But recently there's a new character in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series on Nickelodeon called Tiger Claw as well.
Which is why I changed all my avatars to reflect that character.
I never thought I'd see the day where a nickname I've been using for many years is also the name of a character.
That just puts a smile on my face.
They must have seen your tweets because you were a big supporter of the Ninja Turtles movie and all that stuff.
That was a shout out to you, bro.
That's, you never know. At least it's fun to think that, right?
Alright, how about Redertainment who responds and says, I am Redertainment.
What I hope my name says is that I am entertaining and red.
Also, names don't necessarily correlate with behavior.
I mean, my real name is Hunter and I've never once hunted.
Rob doesn't rob people and Jamie doesn't, well, what is it to Jamie somebody? Is it dirty?
The name is the female version of James which means a supplanter.
Oh.
I've looked it up.
Um, for the record, this is talking about nicknames.
So these are names that you would be choosing yourself.
I see.
But do you celebrate Arbor Day, just out of curiosity?
That has nothing to do with planting.
With planting a tree.
Subplanting.
Oh, sorry, I heard planting.
Alright, moving on. Fat Cylon responded and said, fat because I'm fat, not p-h-a-t.
Cylon because, well, I have a plan.
I have a plan.
I'm sorry, I love that answer.
It's just, it's very direct.
It's very, it's just very like, you know, hey, here it is.
I have a plan.
Cyber Judge responds and says, I use Cyber Judge in games most of the time.
However, since Blizzard's naming policy about no titles caused me to not be able to have Judge in my name back when I played WoW,
I now use names like C.Y. Jaden, I think is how you pronounce that. Sorry if I mispronounced that.
I don't think my name says anything about me. Maybe seeing Cyber Judge, you think I'm a Judge. I'm not.
I came up with that name because my real name was also a TV Judge's name, and co-workers started calling me Judge.
Judge was just too popular of a name, so I added Cyber to it.
I figured you would just like, judge people on the internet or something.
Alright, anyhow.
ActDeft responds to us over on Google+, saying, I've used Deft and many variations of it as my handle since I ever started using the internet,
and I keep using it just for recognition purposes.
Usually most people don't know what it means and probably don't expect something about it.
And lastly, PrincePeachFuzz responds to us on Google+, and says, I came up with PrincePeachFuzz because I was facially follicle challenged.
Again, another very honest, direct answer, but I actually love that name. PrincePeachFuzz is a pretty great name, I gotta say.
So there you go. Thank you guys for sharing those stories and answering. I know we didn't get a lot of answers tonight.
Probably because I posted the question really late, because I got back from Reno like three hours before the show, so it was a little later than usual.
But I appreciate the answers nonetheless. And I learned something about some of you this week, where your names come from.
I want to hear more stories.
Would you guys go answer the question anyway, even if I don't read them on air, just because I'm curious?
I want to know where some of your names come from. I'd be curious.
So just humor me and answer the question throughout the week.
Alright, let's get back into some longer news. Loki.
Alright, and I was actually just checking this out right now, although I didn't actually do anything.
I may have to restart my level in order to get this to show.
But there's been a new update to Minecraft Pocket Edition, or Windows 10.
I'm still pissed off that it's the Pocket Edition that it's based off of.
But they upgraded to 0.13. And what did they add with this?
Well, they added some of the basic redstone mechanics.
So they have the redstone torches, the redstone dust, also some of the pressure plates, buttons, that kind of thing.
The Nether. I'm surprised they didn't have the Nether there, but the Nether's there now.
Enchanting and, I guess, brewing as well.
And then also they've added rabbits to the game.
And sandstone temples and desert bottoms.
Like seriously, it's been so long I've played the PC version, there was not rabbits in the fucking PC version.
Like I need to go back to the PC version, it's probably going to be a completely different game for me when I see that.
I'd be like, what the fuck is all this shit going on?
Like I see these videos, my son watches with puffer fish and shit, and I'm like, what the fuck is that?
I'm like, I don't know that character.
But yeah, it's available as a free update, so if you haven't checked it out yet, you should definitely play it.
But what's the most frustrating thing though is that this game runs so well on the Windows 10 edition, but it's just not up to the PC yet.
And there's no mod support.
I noticed you were playing Minecraft during the break, was that the Windows 10 version?
Yeah, it was.
But it's not, you don't have the updated one yet.
Oh you do?
Yeah.
Is it getting better?
Is it getting there?
Yeah, it's getting better.
I mean, I'm just playing the creative, or not creative, survival mode thing that's like wasting time now.
I may have to start over in order to get the rabbits and stuff, but I don't know.
It's alright.
I just am kind of bored because I'm playing by myself.
That's why I kind of want to look into the mods so it's more of a challenge and stuff.
Alright.
Well, I need to check out the Windows 10 Minecraft updates.
But yeah, I really wanted to get to where the original PC version was at, but with the graphics rendering of the Windows 10 version.
The Windows 10 one runs awesome.
If they would just make a new client for the PC version, I'm fine with that.
You just get it to run better because it doesn't run very well, and the Windows 10 one runs so well.
And I think that's because it's based off the Pocket edition.
Alright.
Well, we're going to talk rumors, and I don't usually like to talk rumors on the show, but for two reasons I'm going to do it.
One, it's about Mass Effect, so therefore I totally love this series, as is Dark Sakura.
Loki, we never did convert, but maybe next time.
And two, this is something where it's on Reddit.
Again, I know grain of salt, but the moderators of the Mass Effect Reddit basically said,
We have reason to believe that this is coming from an actual source. It's an internal source.
So, again, take it with a grain of salt, but I don't know about you, Dark Sakura.
I'm ready for some details on Mass Effect Andromeda.
I know.
So, this is exciting.
So, here's the deal.
You will be accompanied by two AI squadmates, just like you were in previous Mass Effect games.
Two squadmates that came up, a blonde woman, and the krogan that's in the E3 trailer is one of the squadmates as well, it looks like.
Characters are equipped with jetpacks for environmental exploration.
So, that could be interesting.
Add kind of a third dimension to that.
Don't know if jetpacks will be in combat.
Apparently they're saying the omni-tool, you'll be more of that, and you'll be able to create a shield with your omni-tool.
And there'll be also more destructible cover.
Weapons otherwise will be the same as what you've seen before, but the ship is very different.
The Mako is visible inside the ship.
There's a meeting room with the squad members, which is kind of like the first game, or first trilogy.
You can manually fly the ship from location to location in first person rather than going on the galaxy map,
although you get a guide that you can use for rapid travel.
Waypoints and markers guide the player.
That's going to be interesting if you actually fly the ship yourself.
I wonder what you'll get from that.
There's also a Pathfinder's Quarters, which refers to the N7 protagonist title of Pathfinder.
They're on a quest to find a new world for humanity.
Other species, who you might recognize from previous games, are also on the hunt for a new planet.
There is a new enemy race, described as a cross between Vortia and Collectors,
which are two really nasty enemy types from the original trilogy.
And there's an antagonist the player can choose to kill or spare, which kind of seems like a duh.
That's a very common thread in Mass Effect games.
Also, as far as the graphics go, supposedly the facial models have been improved drastically.
Armor is customizable, but there's no further details than that.
So that is what's all pouring out right now about the new game.
Hopefully some official details from EA sooner rather than later,
but I'm going to guess they're going to keep it all under their hat until E3.
And I remember there were some earlier leaks on an internet forum way before they announced Mass Effect Andromeda
that talked about that the game would take place in the Andromeda Galaxy.
And so a lot of that is turning out to be seeing that too.
So I don't know how much longer EA is going to be able to keep the secrets there, but we'll see.
Well, they could always blacklist everyone who reports on it.
Right? Oh, I guess we got on the EA blacklist tonight because we opened our mouths and we talked about it.
Then again, I don't think we've ever had an EA person on this show or ever gotten.
So I don't know. I guess you can't lose what you don't have, right?
Whatever.
Well, there's harmonics, but...
It is what it is.
Anyway.
Yeah. Let's move on.
Well, the nominations for the game awards were announced.
However, with the jury this year, Killscreen has decided not to participate
because it was noted that all but one of the members of the jury were male.
And they basically stated out there that when they noticed the disparity on the jury, they decided not to participate.
They're committed to doing things 50-50 when it comes to gender and will only involve itself with companies that do the same.
One of the big things that was stated as well by the Polygon editor-in-chief is that, and this is just a quote,
it's not enough to simply acknowledge the gender imbalance while many editors on staff participated in selecting Polygon's nominations
and many will similarly participate in selecting our final vote in each category.
I've asked, and this is Jeff Keeley, moving forward, to replace Polygon's jury spot with, I can never pronounce this lady's name,
Megan Farrokhmanesh, to participate.
So, he's saying that basically you have to change it from within rather than without.
But I think in sitting out is a pretty good course of action as well.
If you don't want to be a part of anything that acts that way, then pull yourself from it.
I totally commend their action.
Yeah, it is a little, and the thing that kind of is interesting about this is that the Game Awards were called out on this last year.
And that's the part to me that kind of goes, they didn't really change anything from last year, did they?
So, I guess, yeah, now some people are going to get a little louder, and so that's what it takes.
Get really loud.
Yeah.
Make things change.
Also, I heard that they're going to scale down the show from three hours to two hours, and I'm kind of like, what the hell are they going to cut out?
Like, they were already cutting corners going, well, hey, since I'm interviewing you, why don't I just give you this award?
Are they going to cut out, like, Geoff Keighley's interviews and some of that?
Are they cutting out the Lifetime Achievement Award then, I guess?
Maybe because we didn't hear who's getting it this year, right?
Maybe they're cutting out music performances, which is okay, but...
I'm down with them cutting out music performances.
Well, but if they're performing music from a video game, then I'm okay with it.
But if it's just, like, random, like, hey, here's a metal band with a new single, then, you know, get out of here.
But I want to say, didn't they do something last year where they actually played a bit from, like, Zelda or something?
And my memory's fuzzy, sorry, guys. But I thought they had, like, there was, like, a little interlude or something, so...
I thought there was something around that, so...
William Murderface in chat says, well, many of us cut out caring about that award show a long time ago, so...
I guess I'm curious, I do still feel like, all these criticisms aside where, you know, I just sound like that cynical guy,
I do feel like the Game Awards were better than anything that's come before it that was on Spike TV and all that,
so I feel like it's still progress, even if there's a long way to go.
So I'll be interested to see if maybe they make positive steps in other places for this year's show. We'll see.
Moving on, Loki.
Alright, so, Fallout 4 has a game-breaking bug. I'm surprised it's just one.
But anyways, this bug, it's popped up and it actually renamed to a little bit of it.
The first place that they kind of noticed it was in Monsignor Plaza, and apparently when you try to travel in Monsignor Plaza,
it crashes to your desktop, and it affects both not only the PC players, but also PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It doesn't happen to everybody, but some players are experiencing that.
Also, some players are experiencing that at other locations, and so basically you can't go to those locations.
You can step right up to the border of them, and as soon as you step in, boom.
So that kind of sucks. Haven't run into that yet.
I'm a little surprised it took this long to come out.
Especially if it's part of the story.
But it's not happening to everybody, and it's happening in different locations.
So maybe it's like certain graphics cards.
But it's happening on consoles, too.
Oh, shit.
So, it's just, I mean, come on, that's ridiculous.
And there's got to be something, these publishers, the software development companies, Sony and Microsoft,
have to do something to say, listen, this kind of shit is ridiculous.
I mean, all these companies are doing it.
Maybe we just need to step up to all these game companies that are releasing this shit all fucking broken.
Warner Brothers, EA, fucking Bethesda, releasing these games completely broken and fixing them after the fact.
There's got to be something that can be done.
I mean, it's kind of shady saying, oh, yeah, the game's perfectly fine.
And it's just like all fucked up in every single which way.
I think some of the glitches are funny.
But if it's breaking the game, then no, I don't think that's very funny.
All right, well, we'll see how they get out of this one.
I'm sure there'll just be a patch at some point.
Patches fix everything, right?
Well, the thing, though, is they're patching on PC first, and then they're going to do consoles.
So it could take a while before we see that.
Because the patches go through some huge quality check, right?
Exactly. And then along with that, though, some modders discovered some unused weapons in the game,
including a harpoon gun that didn't make it in.
Maybe it's going to be part of DLC or something like that.
But you can check it out if you have the PC version.
You can download the mod to bring in the gun.
So that's pretty cool.
All right.
Let's move on. Changing topics here to talk about Nintendo and something they've done this week.
They have opened up an official eBay store.
That's right. You can now shop for Nintendo products on eBay.
But don't look for things like actual auctions.
I don't know if you guys know, but eBay has a lot of the whole buy it now stuff.
So it's not really like an auction.
So they opened up a storefront where you can actually buy things like games and accessories.
But you're not really going to find a whole lot of difference between what you find in stores.
Mario Party 10 is still going to be $49.99 on the store.
Wow, what a deal then.
I guess Super Mario 3D World, they're showing us $30 US, where the list price is $59.99.
But I seem to think a lot of retailers have probably already slashed the price on some of those.
Let's take a look at eBay. Let's see how competitive they are.
I'm sorry. I just don't think that they're going to be offering great deals on that stuff.
Well, they're only selling 33 products in their store.
But you know what they're not selling on the Nintendo eBay store?
Amiibos. There's none of them.
No amiibo on the Nintendo eBay store.
Remember I was just saying earlier, wouldn't it be something if Nintendo just had a place where they could see how much demand there was for it and be able to make everybody happy?
I guess it's not so fun if you just go on eBay.
I guess they can't keep shelf space at GameStop if they turn to eBay and so forth.
It's just a little silly.
But anyway, I don't know. I've got to be honest. I'm looking through here. I don't see a lot of things where I'm like, ooh, I've got to get that.
My thought is, the reason why this store exists is probably not for me or you.
This is probably to catch some people, especially as the older generation, I think, turns more and more to online shopping to get around.
Honestly, now that I look at it, I do stand corrected. Their price is pretty good.
I mean, out of all the Buy It Now pricing, they are the lowest. Bravo to them.
Well, they're charging retail price, though.
$30. No, they're not charging retail price.
Oh. For that one specifically.
The retail price for Super Mario 3D World is still $60.
Interesting. Alright, so maybe you can catch a good deal.
So props to them on that one. But if you want to buy used, you may be able to find it cheaper.
And why couldn't maybe I get some classic Nintendo stuff? I guess they're pushing virtual consoles, so it does them no good to sell cartridges.
But wouldn't it be cool if I gave... Like, that's the type of stuff I shop for on eBay, is the classic stuff, but I guess Nintendo is not as good.
Yeah, I don't think I would buy, like, I don't know, from the actual publisher on eBay. I would think, okay, well, I'm going to look for the best deal.
But hey, I mean, in this case, they do have a pretty nice deal, so let's go for it.
Why can't they offer that digitally instead of fucking just, like, discount... Hey, here's an idea. Why don't you do some sales like PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Marketplace does?
That'd be nice. Discount your games instead of having to charge $60 for a game that doesn't even come down in price.
I feel like on Black Friday last year, they did do something like that. I mean, it's one day out of the year, but I feel like something will happen with that, so...
But anyway, the only thing, the thought I wanted to finish on the eBay thing is that, again, I don't think this storefront is for you or me.
I think it is for people who have turned online to doing shopping, where people are like, I want to get a 3DS for my granddaughter, because she's been talking about wanting Mario or whatever.
So, I kind of think this is just for a different audience, and this is just Nintendo trying to get more market coverage. I really think is what this boils down to.
I don't think it's really for the enthusiasts like you or me. But hey, if there's a deal in there once in a while, then what the hell? A deal's a deal, right?
So keep an eye on it.
Alright, let's move on. We're gonna get to the emails. Every week you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com is our email address. If you want to participate with the email bag segment in the show, participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com.
I don't think we had a lot of emails this week, but Dark Soccer's gonna dive in.
One long one.
One long one, she says tonight in our mailbag. Let's get to it, Dark Soccer.
Hi everyone, it's your friendly neighborhood Raginator. I just wanted to say that despite not being able to participate live during shows like I normally do due to temporarily not having internet at home, I do manage to catch shows via podcast.
I'm looking forward to seeing everyone again come May 2016.
Anywho, on to the meat and potatoes of my email. I was hoping to get your input in advance on my getting a new PC.
Excuse me.
Alright, now I'm contemplating between two retailers to go to for a gaming desktop PC.
I was wondering which in your opinions I'm better off going to. In terms of traditional brick and mortar stores, I'm considering going to Best Buy.
In terms of online retailers, I'm considering iBuyPower.com. Of the two, which am I better off going to?
When it comes to buy my new PC, I definitely want a gaming desktop. My spending limit will be $1350 including my sales tax, shipping, and handling if applicable.
I definitely want to go get the most bang for my buck, get the most powerful PC I can afford with said budget. That way hopefully I don't have to upgrade my parts for a while.
I'm gonna stop you right there. Build your own.
Yeah, I would say neither of those. I mean, I don't know about iBuyPower, but Best Buy, you're not going to find gaming PCs. They're going to be very limited on what they offer gaming PC wise, and it's probably going to be expensive.
Yeah. Build your own. Seriously?
But, I mean, if he doesn't know how to build his own, I would try even Newegg or something.
Yeah, Newegg is good. But, honestly enough, we built both mine and Dan's computers. Now, we already had our graphics card and power supplies, which would probably have been the most expensive parts.
We still built our pair of computers for $900. And both of them are gaming computers.
When I was mocking up a PC I was going to build for PC gaming and for the Oculus Rift, I think it was about $1300 that I was looking to spend.
And that was just from Newegg and different locations. If you definitely know how to build a PC, do it that way. Don't buy retail if you can avoid it.
Even if, or if you're going to buy retail, buy from a company that's going to make custom PCs. Don't buy an Alienware PC because it's overpriced.
And they're Dell.
And just, you know, maybe, I don't know.
William Murderface had a good analogy. It's like grown up Legos.
Yeah, I mean, half the fun is learning how to build that stuff. And it's not that hard. I mean, actually putting stuff together isn't hard. It's just figuring out what works together with each other and what you're going to need as far as spec-wise.
And finding the best deals is kind of the tricky part. But the actual assembly is not that hard. I mean, you can find instructions online on how to do it. It's not like a daunting task or anything.
And for the most part, it's you open it up, you punch out a little piece of perforated metal and stick your piece, the back end goes out, secure everything in, plug in some cables, you're done. It's easy.
Finally, Loki, I have an idea for you to use in Time to Car or any other game projects that you may work on. It's one of those so stupid it's actually brilliant ideas.
How about a rocket launcher? But not any ordinary rocket launcher. No, no, no. Instead of shooting rockets, it'll shoot, wait for it, weasels. Fuck yeah.
And these are no ordinary weasels either. These weasels will seek out human targets and summarily burrow up to the humans asses and then explode.
What? Or should I say ass-plode over the top? Yes, weird. Yes, but that's why it's so brilliant.
That's a little too postal for me, unfortunately.
Well, I will say, I can see them part way, but instead of a weasel, what about a ferret? Isn't that the OLR thing?
Yeah, I'm not going to put like rocket weasels or anything like that, although that sounds like an awesome name for a game.
Rocket weasel does sound like an awesome name for a game. We might have a dream game in the making here.
With the sequel Fuck It Ferret? I don't know.
Maybe it's like a buddy game, kind of like Banjo Kazooie or something. It's like, you know, Rocket Weasel and Fuck It Ferret.
I'm still waiting for someone to make Mortal Wombat. Anyhow.
Anyways, I got to get off. I said get off this library computer now since my time is up, but I hope everyone is well and I'll see you all as soon as I can.
One counterpoint I want to just offer real quick to the computer building thing, and I'm going to paint a lot of nerds with this, but I just want you to hear me out.
If your goal is to get back online and just play casual games, I actually don't know if you need to do all this build your own computer stuff.
I think it would be more fun, and if you are, you know, the nerdy type, you'd probably get more out of it for yourself.
But I think if you're like, quote unquote, desperate for a computer and you just want to be able to play casual games, because I know you play a lot of Steam games and like Magic and all that stuff.
Like, maybe just look for Black Friday. And again, I don't know when your finances will turn around, but yeah, I say Black Friday, but when you are able to, just look at getting a cheap all-in-one solution that, you know, has the specs for what you need.
And I know there's a lot of people that are going to disagree with me, but if you're not going to be doing the hardcore gaming, casual machine ought to do you just fine and get you back up and running.
You might even get a decent, like, a decent laptop. Like, my laptop wasn't that expensive. It was like a few hundred dollars.
And it's just, if you're looking for like a, I mean, desktop PC you're obviously going to get more out of, but if you're looking for like a laptop, anything with a dedicated graphics card and preferably not AMD, I got an AMD and it's okay.
But, you know, the way they do their chips, the APUs and stuff is kind of annoying.
But if you can find something like that, that would work out as well if you're not looking to play like, you know, really high-end games.
But yeah, if you can build your own, you're going to save the most money that way, because they really do, they mark up everything to try to, I mean, they got to make their money somewhere, so, I don't know.
Ask yourself, though, what do you really need?
I'm sure you've got a friend who's tech-savvy, if you're not, and just have them help you build a PC.
And if you, like, seriously don't have friends, there's like a Reddit, I can't believe I'm endorsing Reddit, but I am.
There's like a Reddit that's like, build me a PC, because I either, when I build, because I, well, I didn't build the PC.
See, here's the trick, Raginator, if you can't do it, date someone who can.
That's what I did.
But Alan built my PC, but I, you know, kind of told him like the specs and all that stuff, and we were actually kind of looking at that Reddit, that build your PC.
There's actually people out there, if you tell them the budget and all that, they'll come up with some ideas for you, so, there's a lot of online resources.
Alan is even chiming in here in chat, saying, pcpartpicker.com is a lifesaver, it deserves a shout-out.
Yeah, that was the site where you can actually, like, look at whatever parts you want to buy, and it finds what site has it cheapest, and it actually, like, monitors, like,
here's how much your computer would cost today, here's how much it was yesterday, here's how much it was a week ago, and it kind of, kind of, tracks that, which I think is good.
By the way, a lot of talk on Rocket Ferret, by the way, Embryon in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, please shoot me with ferret cannons all day.
I don't want them to crawl up my ass, but I would snuggle them forever. William Murderface asks, wouldn't Fuck It Ferret be a porn?
No. No, no, no. The word fuck is a very versatile word. In this case, fuck it doesn't mean, like, literally have sex with it, it just means, like, I'm done, fuck it.
Ferret's just like, fuck it, and goes up.
Yes. That is the ferret's special ability is to flip a table. Fuck it. And flips the table.
The table just appears out of hammer space.
And then the table smashes, the table smashes the enemy.
And, like, it's a giant table that lands on everyone on the screen.
Yes. I love it. Perfect. And we may already have somebody working on it. Dark Tetsuya says, Rocket Weasel. Oh, I might have to try and make that game.
So, there you go. And SSG100Matt, and I think ActDeft was saying this in another comment too, what I think you should do is buy a pre-built and upgrade it. It's the fastest and easiest solution for him.
I don't know if there is a correct answer here.
But you've got to be careful with buying pre-built and upgrading, because some of them you can't. I mean, you're limited on what you can. That's why building your own, so.
So, ask lots of questions if you are going to go that route. Ask questions. Don't just buy it because it's the cheapest. Ask yourself why it's cheap.
Anyway, I think we've given you a lot of ideas. Hopefully we didn't just confuse you more, but there you go.
That was it for emails, right? So, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you would like to submit an email for next time.
Meanwhile, it's time to get into the FUs of the week. It's time for us to get angsty. Why? Because...
Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
I don't really have a legit FU. Except to just the problems I've had putting my staff play together.
So, I had to go out and buy more tacky glue. I was trying to debate if I'd get gorilla glue or tacky glue, but I love tacky glue.
Cosplay. Cosplay problems.
Loki.
I also don't really have an FU, I guess. I did want to take this point to say, they're making a sequel to Kung Pao finally, and I'm so excited about that.
I've been waiting so long for that.
FU to the fact that it took so long.
Yeah, FU to the fact that it took 13 years. You're wasting your fucking time with those stupid barnyard movies or whatever the fuck it was.
God, I know.
FU to the fact that I'm still coughing, like two weeks after I was sick. I'm still coughing, and it's really annoying.
And when I was up in Reno and it was a lot colder up there than it is here, like that cold just even irritated my cough worse.
So, FU to that nasty flu I had two weeks ago that took me out of the show and has continued to annoy me as I will be mid-sentence and then feel the need to cough.
Doing radio sucks when you have a cough, just saying.
But I love you guys. That's why I'm still here.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys, and then phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Get on there and get ready to go, because I won't leave the Skype line open forever tonight, because we're already almost to 9 o'clock.
But before we get there, I do want to get to a couple more stories. So first, Loki.
So even though we haven't gotten to release stays for a couple weeks, I am looking forward to this.
Two Earth Defense Force games out on the same day, December 8th.
We're getting Earth Defense Force 4.1 on PlayStation 4 and Earth Defense Force Portable 2 or Earth Defense Force 2.
I'm not sure what the actual subtitle is on that, but those are both coming out.
That one, the second one is on PS or the Vita.
And yeah, so $50 for 4.1, which is kind of an expansion on 2025 that came out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And then the Earth Defense Force 2 was a PlayStation 2 title that never came out over here.
So, gonna have to pick up 4.1, though.
I just figured we had to work. Any movement on Earth Defense Force is worthy of reporting on, right, Loki?
I would like to see a new game. Even like another Insect Armageddon game, I mean, it was okay.
It wasn't great, but it was still interesting. I don't know.
Alright. Well, we're gonna end tonight with a story on Mark Cuban. Oh yeah, that guy.
Well, you know, he's a very controversial owner of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks.
Although, I gotta confess, I do like me some Shark Tank. That's a pretty good show. You guys ever watch Shark Tank?
I kind of like it. It's a guilty pleasure.
They have a lot of spin-off shows now.
Yeah, well, it was one of those shows that was getting really horrible ratings, but then it just kind of grew and grew.
But anyway, so Mark Cuban, you know, he's out there and he's a big business guy.
And why am I talking about him on a video game podcast?
Well, because he was in a charity event this week where he was playing League of Legends against the CEO of Intel.
And there was an interview that he did where he said he was actually talking about Colin Cowherd,
who was the one that was throwing the fit about esports getting airtime on ESPN.
And they ended up, like, I think he ended up leaving.
So anyway, Mark Cuban said, I love Colin, but he's an idiot when it comes to esports.
Don't hold back. I'm a noob. I'm still getting into it, but I love it.
It's like playing five-dimensional chess against the world.
It is one of the smartest games I've ever played. You've got to have dexterity. You've got to be quick.
This is a real sport. People are going to figure it out really, really quick.
Now, this man owns an NBA team.
I find that to be newsworthy, that he's putting his support behind saying, yes, League of Legends is a sport.
And I kind of really love that, how he calls it, five-dimensional chess.
It's a very, I kind of like that.
Anyway, so also just kind of funny, he actually dropped the F-bomb in the interview.
And the host let him know that he's going to be fined $15,000 for dropping the F-bomb in the interview.
But that was okay because all the fines were going to be donated to the CyberSmile Foundation charity.
So Cuban's response to the fine? Fuck it. And he ended up paying two fines to the charity.
That's awesome.
That's pretty awesome. I don't always agree with him, but he has his moments where he's pretty awesome, I've got to say.
So, there it is.
All right, we're going to open up the phone lines right now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to get through and talk to us about anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe something we haven't talked about yet.
sj100matt saying he gets fined by the NBA all the time, so it's kind of an in-joke with him.
I see that. All right, anyway, the phones are lighting up already, so let's get to it.
Hi, you are on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Sterlok.
Hey, I'm glad to hear from you, Sterlok. How you doing?
Pretty good.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Not too much. I wanted to talk a little bit about the Xbox One.
I was hoping that was the case. Tell us a little bit about, from your perspective, what all's changed with Xbox One and why it's important.
Well, yeah, with the new Xbox experience thing, they added a bunch of access changes, and one of them was Narrator, which is pretty awesome.
It's actually a lot better than what Sony did.
What does the Narrator feature do for those that haven't experienced it?
It's a screen reader, basically. It will say, you know, what you're highlighting and all that fun stuff, so you have a speech on your console.
That's great.
PS4 has this as well, but it's very, very, it's less bare bones than it was, but it's still not very good.
Have you found that this has opened the door up to experience maybe something that you have yet to experience?
Yeah, actually. I mean, I had a 360 and I played the crap out of it.
The reason I got the 360 over the PS3 was because of the web store.
So you could buy games directly in your browser, and then next time you're sharing it on your console, it'll just download it.
Because narrators on the web browser, that's common.
Microsoft has that built into Internet Explorer as a part of Windows, right? That's very common.
Yeah, well, actually, most blind people use external screen readers.
Well, I kind of use a combination of Mac, which has a screen reader called VoiceOver, and a Windows screen reader called NVDA, Non-Visual Desktop Access.
But yeah, no, it was just a web interface, so it was literally just a web page, so it made it really easy.
But now with this on the Xbox One, don't need all that. It will actually let you buy things from the console.
That's fantastic. I'm glad to hear about this progress.
Yeah, well, the sad thing is it took, I don't know how many people knew this or if you guys knew this, but the reason they're doing this is because of a law that passed.
Oh, I didn't.
It was, I forget the name of it now, but it was a ruling that was made several years ago that basically required devices, like entertainment devices, to be accessible, at least the communication side of it.
That's kind of important because, well, games and consoles were granted a waiver for a few years, but that finally expired.
So now they are required to have at least some functionality, like with the communication and stuff. Not everything is required.
I think especially with the PS4, they just kind of did the minimum of what they had to do.
I gotcha.
So Microsoft kind of, you know, they took their time and they added a little more maybe than what the law requires. I had no idea there was a lot more.
There was only, to my knowledge, there's only like two things that don't read all that well, which are achievements and the community section.
Okay.
Everything else is, oh, and of course, like external apps. You know, like Hulu and WWE, that kind of stuff.
Let me ask you this before I let you go. What do you think would be a great, like, you know, as a gamer who benefits from these accessibility enhancements, what would you like to see next?
What do you think should be next on the list for Microsoft or Sony to do to make the experience even better? What would help you out?
Well, the ultimate thing is something that will never happen, sadly, and that is that, you know, game menus would read.
But there's no way they're going to, you know, be able to, unless they built an API, which they aren't going to, you know, like to have game menus read would be pretty sweet.
You know what though, Sturlock? Never say never, because maybe some developer, you know, I do know we have some industry people that listen to this show, just a few, and not all of them are vocal.
But this is, I think, sometimes a good thing for them to hear because, you know, maybe if even in the system themselves, they can't mandate that the menus are readable, maybe that developer who's making their game might think,
you know, it wouldn't really be that hard for me to go in and have a button that you hit, and then it will read the menu, and that will help more people enjoy my game. Maybe somebody will hear that.
Yeah. I mean, I never thought that this was going to happen, honestly. So, yeah, you never know.
But I mean, I have now retracted my I will never get by an Xbox One statement.
It means a lot.
It took me four years, or however, no, it was three years. Whenever they made their stupid DRM announcement, that was just like, nope, I'm done.
Which they're still trying to recover from in many ways.
But, you know, they have really kind of gone above and beyond, and this is pretty awesome. So, I think I know which console I'm getting.
Alright. Well, Sturlock, thanks so much for the phone call. I'm going to let you go to try to squeeze in some more calls, but have a good one, and it's great to hear from you.
Alright, you too.
Alright, take care.
Yep. Bye.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, if you'd like to give us a call.
And here we go. Phones are lighting up again. Let's get to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Embryon.
Hey, how you doing?
I am well.
Great.
I'm glad you're doing a little bit better, even though you're still coughing.
Yeah, I know. I hate when somebody's probably sitting there at home going, get that guy some tea. I drank some coffee. That's my hot drink of choice. But, yeah, I probably need some tea with honey. Maybe I'll enjoy that after the show. We'll see.
Yeah, I suppose. Whatever works. It's all good.
So, what's on your mind tonight?
I'm just calling to say hey. I played some Final Fantasy 14 tonight. I've been doing that, and I'm wrapping up the weekend with some Yokai Watch. Have you guys talked about that much?
I did a little bit, because I was playing a little bit of Yokai Watch. I think I'm on Chapter 5, and there's, what, 11 chapters in the game? I think I'm on Chapter 5.
But, yeah, I think a lot of people were really harsh on the demo, and I think the full game is a lot of fun. I like it. What are your thoughts on Yokai Watch?
Kind of the same. I wasn't super impressed by the demo, but I think the full version kind of opens up some of the breadth the game has to offer.
I think that in typical Level 5 tradition, there are some parts of the game that are really focused and really good, and then other parts that are kind of head-scratchingly obtuse.
Because I think that it's a really pretty game. I love the designs of the Yokai. I love the animations, and I love the idea.
It's a really fun little town and world to wander around in, but there are some things like, I think the quest design could use some work.
Like, I don't know, have you gotten to one of the points where you have to upgrade your Yokai Watch before you can enter an area?
Yeah, I had to get the grandpa's underpants.
Yeah, so there's some parts where you have to go fight certain Yokai to upgrade your watch, but the current main story quest overwrites that as far as the markers on the map.
So it's really hard to figure out where you're supposed to go, and I guess I could read the dialogue better.
I don't know, but it feels like when you accept one of those quests, I wish they would just put the markers for the Yokai you need to fight on the map.
But other than that, I think it's really cute. I think it's a good example of a Pokemon clone quote-unquote game done right,
although it does seem kind of weird that they're shying away so much from taking away the Japanese-ness of it.
Like, welcome to Springdale, USA. My name is Nate.
It's super obviously taking place in Japan, like Yokai or Japanese spirits, and even the bathhouse that you go to early in the game, right?
Like, you're getting an old man's fundoshi.
Yeah, I mean, it's funny because you do say that, and there are certain parts of the game that are very clearly translated over,
but there's other parts, like even very, very early in the game.
I don't consider this a spoiler because you're going to get into this within the first hour of the game.
But, you know, you find out that there's this cat that, you know, you're trying to rescue, and then if you didn't already know,
Yokai is, because I didn't really realize this when I was first playing the game, Yokai is like dead spirits in Japan.
So the cat talks about how he was run over by a car, and he's dead, and I'm like, this is a game for children.
Right?
Because it feels a little dark.
Like, surprisingly heartbreaking. I was like, oh, poor kitty.
I know, and me too, because I am, you know me, I'm a total cat person, so when I hear, like, cat getting hit by car,
I have that instant response of, oh, you know, like, it hurts my heart.
And so I'm like, this is for kids? I don't know.
But, you know, at the same time, kids are going to find out about that stuff eventually.
I guess it's kind of the same if you think about Pokémon essentially being like humans trapping animals and forcing them to fight to the death.
It's true.
One other thing that people don't often talk about about the game that definitely caught my eye is the 3D in the 3DS.
We don't talk about that a lot anymore with games.
When you were talking about, like, the graphics, the 3D effects are really well done, I think.
That was just something I picked up on.
I realize most people have probably long since shut off the 3D, which is fair.
The game still looks fine without the 3D effects, but I was just, I was, like, the way the cloud bursts when you spot a Yokai is a really cool 3D effect, I think.
Yeah. Every now and then there will be a time I turn the 3D back on for a game.
Like, the most recent time I did that was with Legend of Legacy, because I really like the storybook pop-up effect in that.
And then this is another one that I think actually makes really good use of it.
Because, like you said, it's easy to forget about almost, because even though the system is called the 3DS, I think many of us just sort of forgo that.
Because, at least for me, 3D hurts my eyes and gives me a headache after a little while, so I, like, tend to just kind of leave it off.
But it works well in this.
And the Yokai cam is pretty cute, too. If totally silly and superfluous, whatever, but it's still, it's fun to use that.
Have you found that Tumblr that has nothing but a collection of all the QR codes for Yokai Watch?
No, I haven't.
You need to check that out, because then you get all these coins to use in the little machine.
And that's how I got, like, a B-rank Yokai, like, in Chapter 4. Like, when you haven't even upgraded your watch yet.
I better do that then.
Exactly, right? It'll give you a little bit of an edge in the game. Awesome. Well, thanks for calling and talking to Yokai Watch with us. Appreciate it.
For sure. Take care.
Alright, take care. Good to hear from you.
Alright, let's get to some more calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
It's not ringing right away again, so I think I have a moment to go to Loki and see if there's a last minute story.
I think your mic might be off, Loki.
Sorry, I can tell you that the PlayStation TV has come down in price even more. You can get it for $20 at Best Buy.
What? The PlayStation TV? That 3D TV thing?
No, the PlayStation TV as in the portable Vita.
Oh, God. Okay, so I'm...
The Vita for your TV.
Okay, you know where my mind went, though, right? It was the actual TV.
Oh, shit. If it was $20, I'd be like, I'm sorry, I leave, gotta go get me a 3D TV.
$20 for a 3D TV? I could use that as a computer monitor, right?
Yeah.
I've always wanted to play triple screen Final Fantasy IV.
But seriously, you should pick $20. Come on, man. At the very least, it's a Vita you can play on TV.
You could probably use it as a PlayStation 1.
That's not bad. That's really not a bad deal.
That's not a bad deal. I don't use mine at all, but it was worth the $30 I paid for it.
You can play the PSP games with it, right?
You play PSP games?
It would be worth $20 just to play the Final Fantasy IV remake that was on PSP. It was the 2D remake.
Because there was one. Remember, the 3D remake is what's shown up on tablets and PC and 3DS.
No, the 2D remake, which is really good, is on PSP. I would pay the $20 for a Vita TV just to play that.
Plus, I have pixel shits on there, so...
That's right. Pixel shits. If you got it when you still could.
Yes.
Because I don't think you can anymore.
No. But it's preserved.
It is. Unless maybe there's a mod way to do it.
And I would hate to say piracy, especially for one of YYR's games.
But maybe there's a way to do it, and maybe you could PayPal YYR a dollar and he'll be fine.
It's free on his website, too.
Oh, is it? I don't know. We'll have to see what his opinion is on that.
If it's possible to backdoor the game into the Vita TV.
Let's see. ActDeftInChat says,
Until PSTV can play Taiko New Tatujin, I'll get one.
And bonds006 says, I was thinking the same thing, which I'm assuming is about the monitor.
So I'm glad I'm not the only one that jumped to that conclusion.
But also, what does that say about that device?
That when you said PlayStation TV, it was not the first thing that came to mind.
It should have been just... What did they call it before?
It was the Vita TV or the... What did they call it before?
Like in Japan, it's the Vita TV.
But here, since the Vita is not really a thing, it's not the same thing.
For $20, I mean, shit. Fucking get, like, Netflix works on it.
Fucking get Hulu to work on it for 20 bucks and be like,
Hey dude, you can fucking stream shit with this for 20 bucks.
But my TV already has PlayStation 4 on it, so...
I understand that, but my boxing, my fucking old ass thing is falling apart.
Like, it loses internet connection all the time.
Like, shit. 20 bucks. Come on.
Now, see, I'd get a PlayStation TV and bring it here in the studio on this TV.
And then that would allow us to, if we wanted to, during the show.
We never do this. We never play games during the show.
But, anymore. We used to.
But maybe if we had guests in the studio or whatever,
we could actually stream from the PlayStation 4 to this TV.
So, there's still that part of me that's like,
Maybe I should bring the PS4 in here and then we can do a broadcast
with the PS camera during the show.
But then, you know, I'm always also, I'm like,
But this is Orange Lounge Radio, not Orange Lounge Video.
I don't think it's that exciting to watch. I really don't.
So...
But some of our listeners seem to miss it, so I don't know.
I'm thinking about it.
It's more exposure, though.
That is true. That's honestly a big reason why I'm thinking about it.
I'm like, Well, if we did put it on Twitch,
then that's gonna be potential way more exposure for the show.
Even though I think this is super boring to watch.
But there's a lot of gaming podcasts that are just talking heads on Twitch,
and they do very well.
So, you know, and no shade against those shows.
They're getting great numbers, so what can I do?
I just, I'm always kind of like,
But it's radio, not television. I don't know.
Anyway.
You all right?
Yeah.
Okay. Did you have a comment?
No.
Oh, okay.
You just picked up your mic suddenly.
I thought you were gonna say something.
Yeah, when I was about to sit on it.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on-
Most people wanna listen to my butt.
Our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Last call for calls.
If we don't get any more, we'll shut it down,
and we will call it a night.
And then we'll all go get cheesecake.
Oh, my God.
Did I tell you how much I ate this weekend?
I don't care.
Go eat cheesecake with me.
No, seriously?
No, I can't, because yesterday I went to the buffet,
and my fat ass had two full plates at the buffet,
because it was good.
It was good.
Only two?
Only two.
And then dessert.
And then-
Girl.
I went to-
And then my friend that I was with was like,
there's a hash house at Go-Go in Reno.
We gotta go.
So we ended up having a late night set.
I couldn't eat more food.
I think I had half a side of fries.
That's all I could even-
And even that was like, oh, my God, I'm so fat.
And then this morning, we had Steak and Shake,
because I can't go to Reno and not go to Steak and Shake,
because we don't have them here in California.
I'm telling Becky right now that I wanna go to Farrell's.
And again, I'm sure lots of people throughout the rest of the country are like,
Steak and Shake is not that big a deal.
Steak and Shake is that big a deal.
Try not having it, and then realizing you can't get a birthday cake shake at McDonald's,
or whatever else.
Or, everyone in the South, imagine no Waffle House.
Waffle House does not exist here in California.
But I actually, you're the only one that sticks up for Waffle House.
Most people tell me it's shit.
Except the waffles are, like, which I would fucking hope,
if you were to call your place Waffle House,
your waffles fucking pass.
The grits-
I've never been to one.
I'm a lifelong Californian, I've never been to a Waffle House.
The grits have to stick up.
The spoon has to stick up in the grits.
Waffle House.
See, Brad says, told me to shut my mouth.
Well, don't you tell me what to do, first of all.
But, Waffle House is amazing, and their grits are amazing.
Waffle House is amazing, and their grits are godly,
and I still have bags of grits from Waffle House in my cupboard.
I said imagine no Waffle House,
and that's what it's like for us not having steak and shake.
So you shut your whore mouth in return.
I'm having an argument with someone typing, this is great.
Imagine there's no waffles.
No, I don't wanna.
But it makes me want to go back now and have Waffle House.
At least have the grits at home, so that's good.
When are you gonna make me grits?
Come to my house.
Kiss my grits.
I need you to make some grits.
See, he told me he doesn't have a whore mouth.
He has a slut mouth because he's going to get paid.
Alright, the phones aren't lighting up,
and this is just descending into toilet bowl humor,
so I think it's time to wrap up the show.
Thanks to those that did get through tonight.
If you want to participate with the show, but were too shy to call,
you can always consider sending us a tweet.
I know I don't often go through and read the tweets verbatim on the show,
but I do read them all.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
You can always leave us feedback on the show postings at VOG Network.
I love seeing those, too. V-O-G Network dot com.
And then, of course, you can always send us an email.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And I'm serious.
Go back and answer the Facebook and Google Plus,
FUGL Question of the Week about your usernames,
because I want to know.
Because some of you have some really weird usernames.
I want to know the story.
So, but that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and checking out our show
or listening live, whatever the case may be.
Thank you for supporting independent radio.
And you know what? If you thought this show was stupid,
I don't know how you made it all three hours,
but thank you for doing so.
And check out another indie podcast, then,
if you didn't like what you heard here.
Just support indie podcasting and the people that do this
just because they love it.
Spread indie podcasting like an STD.
That's right.
With love.
Spread it with your whore mouth.
Becky was listening.
Maybe that'll be on a future iTunes comment.
Spread it with your whore mouth.
That'll be our new tagline.
Anyway, maybe that can be on the shirt.
O-L-R.
Spread your mouth.
O-L-R. Spread it with your...
Okay, now Jamie just convinced me maybe we do need video
because she made a face.
You may have...
I've made Rob convulse.
Damn this cough.
All right.
All right.
We're definitely done.
Thank you guys for supporting the show.
Please consider...
Tell a friend or two or five or 15, 25 about the show.
Help us spread the word.
A five-star review on a place like iTunes, Stitcher Radio
or wherever you found this show goes a long way as well.
Appreciate all of that.
Thank you guys again.
We will be back in two weeks.
Remember, we will not be here next week.
Those of you in the States have a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday.
Those of you overseas, have a great week.
Have some turkey.
In honor of your American friends.
That's right.
Have some pumpkin pie in honor of me.
In celebration of spreading death and disease.
Anyhow...
Small pox.
A gift from England.
Let's go ahead and wrap things up.
We're done.
We're definitely out of here.
Just kidding.
Hearts.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Loki, how about you?
What's your final thought tonight?
At least it wasn't large pox.
My final thought is that in two weeks I would like to be rid of this cough completely.
Let's all cross our fingers and our toes.
Dark Sakura, last but not least.
Your final thought.
Drink half a bottle of bourbon.
You won't care.
I did have unlimited Jack and Cokes last night.
I didn't talk about my trip to a country bar here on the show.
I guess we'll have to save that for another week.
Have a wonderful week everybody.
We'll see you in two weeks with another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
you
