In the continuing case of defying expectations, No Man's Sky is getting actual multiplayer
rather than just light or presence.
Promises are being kept, which is fair since no timeframes were specified.
This is just one story tonight, stay tuned for the rest starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio live tonight for May the 20th, 2018 with episode number 731
of our show where we're here to talk about video games and gaming culture and the gamer
lifestyle with your hosts here in studio, myself, Rob Roberts, you might know me on
Twitter at Skie, sadly not here again tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
She's continuing her adventures that she kind of started last week.
I think she has a friend from out of the country that is visiting and today they went to lovely
San Francisco to go frolic and do the San Francisco-y things.
So I am joined alone here in studio by Loki.
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you?
I'm good.
Good.
What's new with you?
My mouth's on fire now.
Oh, with the food you were eating?
Yeah, the salsa.
All I heard you was, it's spicy.
Spicy food is like really good for me right now because, and you guys can probably hear
it if I seem like a little less peppy than usual.
Like these, this is so weird.
Like I never got allergies in my life.
And then last year it seemed like a little bit, because I remember talking to a doctor
and the doctor was like, well, it is possible you can develop allergies later in life.
But this year, like this last week, like it started, I think it was Monday or Tuesday
because I remember tweeting about this, I think it was around Tuesday, because I tried
to get a doctor appointment on Tuesday.
It was really scary.
I had no voice whatsoever.
And that was kind of scary and humbling for a minute because, you know, I have to use
my voice to do my job.
Like without my voice, I'm going to be screwed in that regard.
It kind of makes you go like, oh shit.
You know?
And then of course there's this, you know, my hobby that I've had for years.
You just have to pull a Stephen Hawking's at that point.
I know, right?
What else would you do?
So except have a voice to chat or chat to voice, whatever, that sort of thing.
So I mean, it's just like, oh my gosh.
So anyway, luckily you can tell my voice is improving, but it's like these allergies are
moving everywhere.
Like one day it'll be my throat, one day it'll be my sinuses, which is what it is today.
And if you've ever had super congested sinuses, you know, that sinus pressure is no fun to
deal with at all.
So it's kind of what I'm dealing with today.
And then, you know, it's just some days it's just irritation, you know, so it's just, ugh.
So I did go to a doctor just, you know, not to be sharing all my business on OLR, but
they do agree it's probably allergies because here in lovely Sacramento where our show is
based, it's been a killer year for allergies.
And so I guess mine have just kind of shown themselves and really taken hold and oh my
God, it's, it's awful.
So we're trying over the counter stuff to try to treat it.
So I don't feel a hundred percent, but at least, you know, at least I'm here and I'm
able to do this show well enough.
That's important.
Right?
Right.
Yeah.
So there you go.
And it's not strep.
That's it.
It tested me for strep and it's not that.
So that's good news.
That's why you can sit here with me because we're confident.
It's allergies.
That's not something as contagious.
You already had allergies anyway.
I probably have allergies now.
Yeah.
You don't, you never got them as this bad though, right?
I get allergies.
I get like, especially like a very raspy throat, like earlier this week I had that, you know,
it's just like, I always feel like I have to clear my throat and stuff.
Brad from Pod Culture asking the tough question saying, could it be Mr. Smoosh?
Oh, by the way, I should of course introduce our chat room because we do tape live every
Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the voice geeks network,
geeksnetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And a quick plug for Bobby who's going to be at the Southern Fried Game Room Expo the
weekend of June 8th in Atlanta.
And he talked about some pretty exciting news and things you can see him do at the expo
there on the show tonight.
So quick little plug there for Bobby.
I'm going back to the chat though.
Brad from Pod Culture asks, could it be Mr. Smoosh, our cat?
I don't, I wouldn't think so because we've had the cat since November and he doesn't
go outdoors.
And I mean, if I had a cat allergy, I've been around cats my whole life.
I think I would have seen it by now.
I mean, this is the first time we've had an exotic short hair, but I grew up with a Siamese
cat.
And typically I would think shorter hair cats aren't going to be as bad.
Exactly.
And Sanrio is, you know, she was a little, little lion, so she had, you know, really
thick fur.
So I don't think it'd be a cat.
Yeah.
I don't think it's the cow allergies.
I appreciate y'all playing doctor in our chat though.
Everybody's WebMD.
That's right.
Dr. Google to the rescue.
No, I'm just giving you guys a shit.
Uh, as 200 Matt says, our allergies change every few years.
I never used to be allergic to pollen and dust until recently, recently, my allergies
manifest as headaches now, which is really annoying.
Yeah.
That's, that's, that's true.
The case.
Uh, and then Siatabiri says, thank you for sticking it out.
Rob Roberts.
Uh, I'm trying my best.
Uh, it may be a little bit shorter of a show tonight though.
I might be able to put in two hours, but we'll see if it's a little shorter tonight.
That's why.
Um, and Bobby Buckle says, are you sure you're not just allergic to Loki?
Well, I think, I think that would have developed a long time ago.
Yeah.
Another interesting internet theory from She-Hulk who says, could be the volcano and Ash.
I mean, Hawaii is a, is a very far away.
I mean, Hawaii is what, like a three, four hour flight from here and like only that long,
isn't it?
I don't remember.
It's been so long since I've been to Hawaii.
I think it's like a four hour flight for the, for the like San Francisco, like a four hour
flight.
So that's almost the time zone changes though.
No, no, no.
It's not cause of time.
Don't changes.
It's, it's, you know, you're about four hours in the year.
Uh, I don't know.
It's been, it's been a long time.
Don't me on that, but I feel like it's, it's like far, like Hawaii is probably as far away
as like Orlando, you know, it's a long way away.
So I don't think it's that, but who knows?
Who knows?
Anyway.
Five-ish from San Francisco says, uh, Brad from Pod Culture.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Uh, as 200 Matt says, get an allergy test.
You know, what's weird.
I tried hinting to my doctor.
That's kind of what I wanted to do.
And I guess maybe my symptoms weren't bad enough, especially because this is the way
it always happens.
Right.
And we will get into video games.
We always do, but sometimes talk about ourselves, uh, is that I go to the doctor on Thursday
and of course the symptoms on Thursday were like the best they've been all week.
So she was able to see that my throat was irritated a little bit, but like, it wasn't
as bad as it is today.
It wasn't as bad as it is Tuesday.
So she's just like, oh, you're, yeah, you have a little bit of allergies.
I mean, the big baby, I mean, she's not going to say that to me, but you know, it was kind
of like, it wasn't bad enough for her to think like, oh, I should refer him to an allergist.
So I'm going to have to keep complaining if it's really bad or something.
I don't know, but I'm going to try to stick it out for at least a little while longer
and see because it could be maybe that I have like a cold symptom or something that's going
through, but then Alan would have got it because he kind of lives here.
So I don't know guys.
So confusing.
Is there a doctor in the house?
I'm just teasing.
I saw a doctor.
It'll be okay.
But you know how healthcare is here in America.
I have to be, I have to be coughing.
I have to be, you know, really showing more symptoms and probably bleeding or something
to get more expensive tests ordered.
That's that's the way it is, I suppose anyway, or at least prove that these over the counter
things don't work.
All right.
As I promised, we do talk about games here at Orange Launch Radio, and there's been quite
a bit going on this week, especially as we are leading up to E3.
Let's start with this.
This is, this is, I guess this kickoff topic tonight is more of, I guess, maybe a little
bit of a special interest thing, but it does kind of cater to how you buy games and what
you're able to buy.
Right, Logie?
Yeah.
So Valve decided, hey, you know what, we're going to actually do some content moderation
now being that they don't do it for anything else ever.
But now they're apparently they're cracking down on some of these more sexier pornographic
games, basically actually targeting visual novels.
So there's been quite a few different developers of these visual novel titles that have been
getting emails basically stating that, you know, they were going to be removed from the
platform because of, you know, erotic material in those games.
But it sounds like that they have backtracked on that a little bit.
So apparently, Mega Gamer, Honeypot and Loopy Soft have now said that they've received emails
from Valve saying that they're going to be rereviewed for content and they'll be informed
that there's any specific concerns.
So that's kind of good.
But I find it ironic that this is what they come down on, you know, this like, oh my God,
there's, you know, anime breasts in a fucking game versus, oh my God, there's a bunch of
broken ass shit that people are exploiting this platform to try to get online.
That no big deal because we get paid, but oh my God, the titties, please don't show
those titties.
The ultra violent things they can get through.
No problem.
But that that speaks to a larger issue in this country.
We all know that.
Yeah, they had one that Hatred had been one of those titles that they removed for violence.
But then eventually they just went ahead and put it back on there.
So it was just, you know, huh?
I just I mean, it's it's kind of like you said, though, like it's it's just boobs.
Like, why can't they just put a warning or something like that on there?
Why can't they just put it all games on the floor, you know, make it so that you have
to be 18 or older to purchase it, which isn't it?
I mean, granted, I I've always kind of hated, which, you know, well, those those age gates
aren't very hard to get around.
You just lie about your birthday.
But don't you have to have like be 18 to buy games on steam anyway?
Maybe not.
I mean, I would think so, because you have to have a credit card, but you could have
a steam.
Yeah, I guess that's really hard.
Steam points card.
Allow them.
So you have to have a credit card on file or something like that.
Yeah.
Something in your name or something, something to get the more intense stuff and certainly
like a warning or who gives a fuck because it's just fucking drawn boobs.
I mean, well, I mean, let's put it this way.
If you're if you're below the age of 18 and you're on the platform and you're attempting
to purchase sexy whatever game and you're not allowed to do that.
Oh, my God.
It's not like you don't have access to the whole Internet where there's just pornography
literally everywhere.
That's true that you can access parents really freely and still need to watch what their
kids are doing and actually use steam, especially if like, you know, little Timmy.
Who is, you know, maybe only 14 years old is going to have a steam account because grandma
buys him steam port point cards for Christmas.
And the parents probably want to make sure that like porty games don't go on it.
But shouldn't it be very easy for the parents to be able to see receipts and what they don't
they have?
I'm assuming since this would be like any other platform that's out there when they
have parental controls on steam to be able to prevent those types of games from even
showing up in searches.
I have to be honest, I've never really used that stuff because I don't have kids.
I don't have kids that buy games either on my steam account because it's just me buying
games on my steam.
No one's buying games on my steam account.
Well, I was just gonna say your kids are going to get older soon enough.
So have you thought about any of this type of stuff or are you just going to kind of
try to control all that?
Nah, I'm not going to block anything.
Who cares?
It's just titties.
I'll just say, I'll just tell them this, okay, it's like, listen, these games are here to
try to sell you anime titties.
They're not that great.
If you're looking to see anime titties, you can just don't pay for fucking pornography.
Yes, not even like good boobs.
Don't pay for pornography.
That's the lesson that needs to be learned there.
They're not even like good boobs.
They're not even tittle-lating.
Anyway, let's see, go into chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Some help from folks that have actually seen some of these things in steam.
MXC says some steam games do have age gates before you go to the store page, although
Kaiju-do, you know how to get around it.
I tell them I was born in 1923, I can get into anything.
Let's see, MXC does say, steam accounts do have family libraries you can set up, as in
hiding certain games, restricting, etc.
Yeah, I was gonna say, like, there has to be, I mean, that whole type of stuff is customary
now.
I'd be very surprised if that wasn't in there.
And if the issue is, oh, well then my child is gonna find a way to get around it, if they're
smart enough to find a way to get around your age gating or whatever, they know where the
porn is on the internet.
I mean, come on.
Bobby Black Wolf says, notice that Valve only cares about anime titties.
3D model titties like in The Witcher 3 are not in trouble.
If some of those anime visual novels were 3D models, they probably would be fine.
That's a good counterpoint.
There are some-
Which doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Is it because, like, again, I haven't played these games, but is it because the anime characters
are portrayed as young girls?
So it gets in that really, like, yucky area of kiddie porn, which I agree is gross.
Let's just put it this way.
Okay, so I have my Steam store page up here right now, and as I'm scrolling down, I have
under, you know, the under $10 page has a bunch of the Super Dimension Neptunia stuff,
which all has anime chicks on the front.
Scroll down even a little bit further, and I've got this game called RabiRibi, which
has, you know, scantily clad, young looking anime chicks in it as well.
I mean, I don't know.
I was just about to ask, like, where's the anime dicks, though?
And MXC with a good point in our chat saying, some of the visual novels do feature young,
in quotes, looking girls.
However, coming out on top, a gay dating sim about college men was also targeted.
Was- I can't keep my gay dating sims straight.
But is coming out on top, is that, like, sexually explicit?
Didn't it have a version on Steam that took the really gross stuff- well, I say gross,
but, you know, Tumblr type stuff out?
I thought that's how it worked.
Not that I expect you to know, but I- somebody in chat hopefully does.
There's too many games to keep track of.
I remember one of those popular gay dating sims, and I think it was that one, had, like,
a watered down Steam version that came out where they removed, like, the most explicit,
like, jizz on my face type of scenes that were, like, in the original, if I remember
correctly.
You know, I have- honestly, I've never played those games.
Like, if I want porn, just go to Tumblr.
Or the new one that we've talked about on this show, you know where all the porn is
at now?
Like, it's, like, it's Twitter.
Like, all the fucking porn is going to Twitter.
I don't know, like, where that is, but we've talked about this on a previous episode because
you get really annoyed because you just happen to have a lot of gay male friends who heart
stuff and then your feed just fills up with dudes in underwear.
Listen, this is what I- okay, listen.
Which is not your preferred thing.
Wait, and then I'll have a problem- it's really a problem with Twitter, and it's anything
that basically, oh, this person liked this thing.
I don't care what you liked, okay?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Liking is good if you want to let that person know you liked the thing, or you want to bookmark
it for later so that you can go back to it and it's easily able to find.
That's why I did, like, I- there was a really cool animation that I saw that gave me a great
idea for, like, a game idea, so I was like, okay, I'm gonna like that so that I can go
back to my like list and find this thing that I'm looking for.
So, you know, that's what I use it for, but like, I get it, you find that guy attractive,
but dude, I can only block so many gay men on my, you know, Twitter feed.
And before you start to look over the whole day.
It's not that I am, like, anti-gay or anything, it's like, I browse Twitter at work and I
don't want that, just like, oh, hey.
Loki, it's happening to me.
Believe it or not, I'm friends with some straight people, and the same thing's happening to
me.
I'm getting Beaver on my feed, which I'm- I try very hard not to be one of those gay
guys that's like, ew, vagina.
But you know, I'm just like, okay, I didn't really need to see this, this is not the content
I signed up for today.
Well, yeah, like, I've got a few people on my feed that enjoy, you know, very attractive
cosplay women in there as well.
And that also is something I can't just have popping up on my screen if I'm browsing Twitter.
But you know what most people are gonna tell you, stop using Twitter at work and do your
work.
See, Twitter's blocked at my work, so I only have my phone if I'm gonna check Twitter.
So luckily, that's, you know, pretty easy to hide, but still, I'm like, the hearted
post feed, that really fucking annoys me.
The only way to get around it that I found, I can do it on my PC if I use TweetDeck.
You go to like TweetDeck.Twitter.com or something like that, and it will show you, you can set
up different custom feeds, but like your normal feed will not have any of that shit in it.
So it's like the third party stuff is the only way to get around, like, the forced like
stuff.
But I heard that that might be changing in the coming weeks, that like Twitter's gonna
clamp down on the third party stuff.
Of course they wanna market that shit, so whatever, I mean, it is what it is.
I just kinda, I just block people now.
I mean, that's all I have to do.
And I mean, whatever.
It's fine.
It's not like I'm gonna follow those people anyways.
That's it, yeah.
Kaijuto in chat says, I respect my followers on Twitter.
I never fav nude pics.
I see.
Same thing.
And like, I would keep it real.
Sometimes I've been at home, and I'm looking at Twitter late at night, and you know, some
very attractive male is lying on his bed in his jockstrap, and I'm like, that is a fine
looking specimen of a man.
And like, I wanna click the heart to give that guy that validation he's seeking, but
I don't do it out of respect for people like Loki and everybody else who follows me, because
I'm like, okay, if I heart this post, everybody's gonna know you're a perv.
Like, I don't, but I feel bad.
I'm like, I wanna give my friends posting nudes validation, but I can't do it.
That's why they should have something separate where you can do it.
Or you just have to roll a separate account, and I think that's something that Bobby Blackwell's
getting to in our chat, saying, don't be horny on maim.
And that's what other people are doing, is that people are making, I keep wanting to
say, rolling alt accounts.
It's a World of Warcraft character.
So you have your real World of Warcraft character Twitter account.
I'm rolling the pervert class now?
Yeah, then you have your Goldshirean Warcraft character on the Moonguard server.
And that's actually, that's what I do see some people doing, not a lot, but I do have
friends that do that.
They have a, they have a, but they will follow me still on their alt.
And like, I'm not interested in posting naked photographs of myself on the internet.
I have nothing against people that do.
I think that's cool if you have that type of like self-esteem to be able to do that,
but like, it's also one of those things where I can look at it and go, you know, not for
me.
And especially having the increased visibility of doing this show, my career and so forth.
Nudes of me on the internet, probably not the best idea, right?
So like, I have no interest in rolling an alt account to post, but maybe to view, maybe.
Anyway, where were we?
Anime titties turned into a Twitter talk.
Does Steam need to ban Twitter?
I think they need to focus their selves on other things, honestly.
I mean, I don't know what the, from what I, because I remember hearing a story about this.
And so it was, I think another, it was like a Watchsaw group or something that like went
after these types of games.
And that's what kind of brought attention to the Steam about it.
But I mean, really, they need to just focus more on these games that, you know, the whole
getting rid of the whole, the green light thing and stuff.
Terrible idea.
Because now anything's on there and literally all sorts of bullshit garbage is on Steam
now.
It's ridiculous.
All right.
And then I'm looking in chat, Fifth Dreams saying, I just had this conversation on Twitter
last night and this morning, a musician I follow click like on a lady and you could
see her butt.
I wonder out loud if people know we can sometimes see those likes.
Well, remember that infamous case that happened with Senator Ted Cruz?
Yeah.
His account liked some porny thing and it became a meme overnight.
And now you still see that come up.
That lady in the glasses.
What the fuck was that?
I don't remember what was going on, but the lady in the glasses biting your finger because
she's like looking at something sexy going on, like, you know, that infamous still from
that.
Like that is probably the most well-known story about that happening was when that account,
whether it was him or an intern or whatever it was, it certainly was not a great look
for a professional, you know, politician, no matter how you feel about politics.
Let's see.
Also in chat, S.J.
O'Connor-Matt says, I have the same problem.
I keep seeing people favoriting borderline, not safe for work, furry stuff.
I have no problem or issue with friends having their, that be their interest, but I really
don't want to see a sexualized fan drawing of Isabel from Animal Crossing on my feed.
I also just block it now.
Hey, why don't I show you where you can put those bells?
She's just trying to pay off her mortgage.
The things Tom Nook makes people do are very, very dark.
I love that multiple people in chat are starting to put no in all caps, not just one person,
but like multiple people on a row.
No, stop, desist, end, cease.
Vidpower says, I did not need to know about Isabel porn.
A blame S.J.
O'Connor-Matt.
It was his idea.
It's a thing.
There's the Internet.
Of course, there's porn of it.
Oh, my God.
Let's see.
And then J.D. saying, there's a reason why there's a difference between like and retweet.
Amen.
Like, why can't it just be if I want people to know I like it, I'll retweet it.
And I do.
Actually, you know what I really love?
I love the quote retweet thing because I know that people will block retweets because I
do that.
Like, I didn't do this in the beginning, but pretty much after I had about 500 people I
was following, whenever I follow somebody new on Twitter, I instantly shut off their
retweets.
I don't care who it is.
I don't want to see retweets.
I want to see the content that the people I'm following are posting.
That's how I'm able to follow a thousand people, not with any regularity or whatever.
But you know, I try to keep tabs on, you know, whatever.
So I instantly disable retweets like all the time.
But if you quote a tweet, it goes around that.
So if there's something where I'm like, oh, no, I want people to say see this like, oh,
there's this great new Maxine Waters video you have to see of her shutting some bitch
down in Washington.
I'm going to quote tweet it so that you have to see it type of thing.
That's how you get around the retweet thing.
But it's so funny that you could turn off retweets, but it doesn't turn off the heart
thing.
Well, yeah, it doesn't make any sense either that you're just going to see what people
like anyways.
And what's the point?
What's the difference between a retwee and the like?
I mean, you're going to see it anyways.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So anyway, where were we?
Steam.
Yes.
Yes.
Steam.
How far have we gotten away from that?
I guess the only thing I wanted to add on the Steam front, back on the original topic
before we went to Animal Crossing porn, I wanted to say about the fact that doesn't
Steam sell movies?
Is that still a thing that Steam's doing is selling?
So don't they sell R rated movies?
I don't know.
I haven't actually looked at what kind of movies they sell.
I know I have just one one movie that I have that whole movie, the indie game.
I was kind of like the first one that went up there.
Still haven't watched it to this day.
I did watch it for when I went to our innovation lab rotation thing because I was prework prerequisite
for what we're doing.
Literally had nothing to do with what we were doing at all.
So I mean, that was nice that they had me watch it, but it was a good documentary.
I really enjoyed it, but yeah, I had no bearing whatsoever on what we were doing, but it was
still good.
It's weird because I've watched a lot of video game documentaries.
Just not that one.
It is really good.
I know.
I don't.
I'm not trying to be a hater.
I just, for whatever reason, I just never get around to watching it.
Probably because it is in my Steam library and not on Netflix.
It's not something I think about watching, especially at my computer.
Well, it's good too because it's like three games that I've, well okay, I haven't really
played.
Real quick, S200 Matt says they have 1,088 movies on Steam and MXC confirms they do sell
R-rated movies.
So I would assume at least one of those R-rated movies has boobs, maybe even a dong or a beav
because you can get away with showing like a little bit of that in an R-rated movie,
right?
Maybe from like a distance, you know?
So if you, like up close genitals, probably NC-17, but like from a distance.
I don't know.
We got away with a lot with Borat.
Well, uh, Shape of Water, her lady self was on full display, full frontal display, and
that was an R-rated movie.
And then, what was the, I mean, spoiler alert, but what have I really spoiled?
What's the other one?
The other character that he played as well that was in Borat.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
I don't remember his name.
But there was, I'm also thinking that movie with, okay, God, you all are going to judge
me so hard.
Who plays Magneto in X-Men now?
And he was in that movie where he did a full frontal, but it was like for like two seconds.
Michael something.
I don't remember.
Somebody in chat will know.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Oh, and Sia Tabiri in chat says Bruno.
Bruno, yes.
Oh, yeah.
Forgetting Sarah Marshall on that.
Thank you.
Fassbender.
That's it.
Fassbender.
Michael Fassbender.
Assassin's Creed!
Because I remember joking about, is he going to show us his sword in Assassin's Creed?
So, but anyway.
And then pretty much half the movies you and McGregor has been in.
Anyway, this isn't a nudity in film chat, I promise.
Tiger Claw in chat says, did you guys see the trailer for the Happy Time murders?
I'm sure there will be plenty of boobage, be it Muppet boobage.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alan sat me down and made me watch that.
That's a total like Meet the Feebles.
That's exactly where my head went to.
I'm like, didn't they do this called Meet the Feebles?
And like the 90 and Meet the Feebles was not very good.
It was terrible.
But it didn't have Melissa McCarthy or Joe McHale.
So these really like funny, funny.
It does look funny.
Like, Alan's like, we're gonna go see this day one.
And so I'm like, even though I never go to movies, I'm like, okay, if it'll make my husband
happy, I'll go, you know, I'm kind of looking at it going, this looks ridiculous, but he,
he will make me go to the most random comedies.
What was the last one we saw?
This is the end.
That was hilarious.
It was it was have funny moments.
That's what I'll get funny moments and funny parts.
It was funny.
I liked it.
All right.
Anyway.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
JD says this has the actual Jim Henson company behind it, or it sounds like it, which is
a change.
Wow.
Sun or whatever.
It's they're allowing that.
Yeah.
They're the ones doing the puppets.
I'm kind of shocked to hear that.
My how times have changed.
All right.
My how the topic has changed.
So I think we need to shift gears here before we get into the rest of the news.
Talk about our gaming weeks, the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
So, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton, but I did buy a lot of things.
So I mean, there's that.
So there's like all sorts of sales going on.
I went to that we were looking.
My son wanted me to get that Mario and Rabbids kingdom battle thing.
So we ended up finding that half off at Fry's because it was their thirty third anniversary.
So they had a bunch of things that were half off.
With that, though, Fry's also had their DualShock 4's half off.
So I got them for thirty bucks instead of like seventy dollars per controller.
And because my kids had kind of destroyed a couple of my DualShock controllers, I went
ahead and picked up two new ones to go along with it.
So now we have four, which is awesome.
And then I also picked up yesterday a completely different sale at GameStop.
They're doing their pro elite, some sale thing, and they had Skyrim VR for half off.
So, of course, I've been holding out and getting Skyrim VR.
So I had to pick that up as well.
So I can't wait to play that.
And then, you know, they've been doing flash sales on the PlayStation Network.
So they had Titanfall 2, like the Gold Edition or whatever like that for five bucks.
So I was like, hell yes, I will pick that up for five dollars.
There's some other like PlayStation VR games that I picked up.
So, yeah, lots of stuff to play.
Didn't play a whole lot of that.
I did play just the kind of the same type of stuff that I've been playing.
So lots of Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme still playing a little bit more of Mario Odyssey.
And then, of course, on the front of Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme, I was also playing
Statmania.
I did get my replacement J-packs for my arcade cabinet and for eventually when I convert
the machine into a Statmania machine.
So I have those now for that.
And then what else did I play?
Lots of Pokemon Go because I had a field trip and we went down to like the Sacramento Zoo
area. So that whole William Lamb Park stuff, tons of PokeStops everywhere.
So I did that.
And then also, I guess it's like a I don't know if it's a farm for like some sort of like
weird frog alligator thing.
I don't know what it is, but there was a ton of them around there.
So I got that. And then I played through that event that they had on Saturday.
Got my Charizard upgraded with the new Dragon Power thing.
Sadly, did not get any shinies because the shiny Charizard looks fucking awesome.
Um, and then what else?
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
All right. My gaming week.
I'm sorry. One more thing, bitch.
Sorry. No, I wanted to get into this because I tweeted about this on Twitter quite a bit.
My gaming week is like super short this week because I'm still working on my project.
So I wanted to play Grand Theft Auto five because I haven't played Grand Theft Auto five
on PC very much.
And I'm like, you know what?
I keep watching people play Grand Theft Auto five stuff.
I'm just going to go ahead and do that.
So, um, I went ahead and tried to do that and my password didn't work.
And I'm like, well, that's weird.
And I'm like, did I change my password and just forget what it was?
Like, I don't understand.
So I tried resetting it through their service or whatever, and their service is broken.
It doesn't send emails out at all.
So I was like, OK, well, what the fuck?
So I ended up having to log back in or create a new account and relink it to my stuff.
And that worked.
And it was weird because I was able to keep the same name.
But at the same time, I'd already sent a ticket to Rockstar to get that back.
So they finally like reset the password for me after confirming my email address.
And then I went and logged back in and it was tied to some the PC account was tied to
some Russian guy.
And I was like, what the fuck is this?
And so because I never played on PC, at least online, I played on console.
And so I'm like, what the fuck is this shit?
Because someone even using my account to play like Grand Theft Auto online on PC, it's not
like they're stealing anything from me because I never played on PC.
So I don't know what would be the purpose of that other than not having to buy the game.
So I was like, yeah, I was in like some Ukrainian clans or whatever on there and Cruz.
And so I was like, OK, well, I reset the password already.
So that's done. I'm unlinking all this stuff.
I'm deleting this. Now I have a level 14 character that's in Grand Theft Auto that I
don't know who it is, but it's mine now, which I thought was funny.
Jokes on them. Steal my account.
I was steal your shit. Wow.
So somebody got in your account. That's crazy.
I don't even know how, because like it was weird, though, because like I hadn't been
that long since they played because I played once I got those computers and I've had
this computer for almost a year.
So I don't know.
I was weird, but man, I mean, it's not like they were going to steal anything from me
because I had nothing on that account.
So I don't know what the purpose was, but they're going to be upset that their
character's gone. They're only level 14 anyways, so whatever.
All right. So that was just my little adventure.
And then like after trying getting that all resolved and trying to play it, it's like,
oh, I got downloaded like 10 gigs of updates.
And so that's the worst when the game like you want to sit down and play a game and
it's like, oh, I've got to download like 10 gigs of updates before I even tried to
reset my password. It downloaded updates and installed them.
So I'm like, OK, so we're done updating now.
So I go back in there after I logged in, it's like, oh, hey, we got another like five
gigs of updates now. Fuck.
So I didn't end up getting the playground the thought of five this week, but I will
this week. On somebody else's account.
All right. Have fun with that.
All right. Finally, my new week, I also did the Pokemon event on Saturday, as many of
you are talking about in chat, and I hope this doesn't sound like bragging or anything
because I know some people have mixed luck on that event and that sucks.
But I did get five shiny Charmanders, which you asshole.
And I got five. Well, I mean, we we went to the capital when everybody was like, don't
go to the capital. It's gonna be fucking nuts down there because we had this big bike
race called Amgem that was happening downtown.
And then there was graduations going on both at the Golden One Center and at the
Memorial Auditorium, which I realize means the two big places to have graduations here.
And then there was something else. It was like everything that could be happening in
Sacramento was going on this weekend. So they're like, don't go downtown.
But I was like, I have guaranteed parking at Alan's work, you know, not to tell all his
business, but he works a reasonable distance from the capital so I can park at his work.
No problem. And walk.
And that's what we did. And, you know, the capital had a few Pokemon players, but it was
like probably a quarter of what we usually see at the community days because I think the
news scared everybody off.
But there was still a lot of Charmanders to be found.
And we just kept catching over and over and over again.
And I would say we were getting probably one about every 30 minutes.
So finally, when we got the third, I say we, it was me and my buddy John, who I used to
live with a long time ago.
He's like, he was not like a big gamer back in the day.
I don't remember if he was ever on this show, but I lived with him for a while.
This is a long time ago, guys.
This was when, for those of you that have been with OLR a long time, this was when we
were simulcasting the show on Justin TV, which, yes, I know a lot of you would like us
to go back to and we're talking about it.
That's all I can say with Twitch now, obviously.
But when we had Justin TV, the simulcast there, remember that that garage studio that
had the lights and everything, that was me and John's house.
OK, so John was not like a huge gamer, although he was really rad because he always
supported this show and the fact that we kind of took over the house every Sunday night.
So but he he's he's like more into Pokemon Go than I am.
Like we have a competition about who can get more gyms, gym badges.
I think 569 gym badges.
This bitch has like 630 gym badges.
It's like he's visited that many unique gyms around the area.
It's pretty crazy. Anyway, so but John's great.
He wouldn't hear this anyway.
But so him and I went out.
We were technically Shane, who you all know him, I'm sure from Ranger Pride and all that.
He was there, too.
But Shane gets and I'm sure you all know this.
He gets in the zone when it comes to shiny hunting.
So if we're not moving fast enough for him, he goes off and does his own thing.
So within like 20, not even 20 minutes, 15 minutes, that's what happened.
John and I were lagging too far behind and he went off to go catch more jar manners.
So we weren't able to catch up with it until the end of the day.
So anyway, John and I were kind of both like catching about one every 30 minutes.
So finally, about the time we got to 90 minutes in and we had three, we were like, OK, well,
like three, that's kind of the goal.
Like if you get one, you're content.
If you get three, you're great because you can have one for each evolution.
Right. And even one of the shinies I caught appraised as a wonder or highest appraisal.
So it's my first shiny wonder.
And it was it was probably like level twenty nine or something also.
So like I think I caught a good Charmander.
We're good. So I got my little black dragon Charmander.
I'm good. So we kind of took it easy at that point.
You know, we went over to Starbucks, just would catch whatever shows up on the Starbucks,
got a drink, took it easy.
Then we walked back and caught a couple more shinies on the way back.
So we had a nice kind of like easy day.
So I hope you guys had a good Charmander experience, those of you that went out and did
it. If you didn't catch a shiny, I can sympathize again.
I'm not trying to rub it in. You know what I think they should do.
Here's what I think they should do.
And those of you that may be a little more frustrated at community day, maybe you'd
agree with me on this. They have that questing system in Pokemon Go.
Why don't they just make it during community day?
Like if you catch fifty Charmanders or you complete twelve quests, which are all I
catch three Charmanders or whatever.
If you if you do the questing, you get a guaranteed shiny spawn.
Wouldn't that be nice?
And then, you know, you could at least get one if you put a little effort into it.
Yeah, it's kind of like the theory from MMOs.
I see Warcraft, I see Final Fantasy 14 doing this.
If you do the boss enough times, the boss drops an item or the boss drops points.
So you can at least get some sort of reward, even if the thing you want is noise
dropping. That I think would be a nice I'd be very happy with that.
Even to somebody who did very well this community day, I'd be very happy with a
system like that. So anyway, we'll see.
I'm finally just now looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
S2100 Matt says, I got three shinies.
I got nothing until the last hour and then I got all three.
I was sweating and not happy about it during it.
It doesn't help that it was pouring in NYC and the map was messed up with a lot of
weather boosted Pokemon.
Well, I mean, it probably worsened my allergies and here I am today.
So there you go. All right.
So besides Pokemon Go, which I talked about plenty enough, I played Blaster Master
Zero this week because I was just looking through stuff on Switch.
I almost got Hyrule Warriors, but I was like, I haven't had a lot of time.
Yeah, I thought about I saw that the sort of like, am I really going to do I want to
drop 60 bucks on this?
I mean, well, I if I can, which I know Nintendo games never go on sale, but if
maybe like Amazon Prime still has the deal, maybe I'll get it through that or
something to excuse me, guys, maybe I'll get it there at some point.
But yeah, 60 bucks.
Yeah, it's always like 60 dollars.
Take a risk. Will I really play this game or not?
But I think I will probably end up getting it.
But I was like, what do I want to play?
And I was like, you know, I love this Blaster Master Zero game and there's all
these DLC characters I've barely touched.
So I went in and played that for a little while.
That was my good little like decompression game earlier this week.
So anyway, hopefully I'll get to play more games this week.
I still need to go binge spend money on Pinball Arcade because like you guys
that news last week, I'm sad that all those tables are going away.
But I think, Loki, I think I'm going to double dip on PC if for nothing else.
The fact that I can stream some of them and just kind of have them in my steam
library because like PC, that's always going to be there, right?
Yeah. PlayStation three, PlayStation four.
You know, if PlayStation five, I can't believe I just brought up PlayStation
five on this podcast, but here we are.
If PlayStation five isn't backwards compatible again, I wouldn't.
I wouldn't guarantee anything.
I don't think it's ever going to.
I'm not going to guarantee it either.
And like honestly, like when it comes down to the next gen systems, whatever
that's going to be, I'm probably going to go Xbox this time again, because
honestly, it's like I like the first party games.
But when it comes to some of these other games that I tend to play more, which are
like, you know, Skyrim and stuff like that, you know, the Bethesda games, look
who's supporting modding a lot better.
Yeah. I mean, like they have like these whole beyond Skyrim things, you know,
that giant mod that they're talking about and stuff.
They have the first part of that available on the Xbox.
You can you can download that mod on the Xbox.
Can't do that shit on PlayStation four.
So, yeah, I mean, I think take the stance
of someone that actually seems to be listening to their user base.
JD in our chat at live.vognetwork.com
points out Nintendo games do go on sale.
The eShop has an on sale section, for instance.
I should have. Well, I should have clarified.
I meant like first party Nintendo games rarely go on sale.
I am aware that the indie stuff, they are pretty good.
And that's a good way to like feature the indie stuff to just like on Steam.
Now, and to be fair, I know that sometimes you have like the gold coins
you can trade in for deals.
I'm not talking about one cent per coin, but like you can buy
like a 40 percent off coupon.
They do those types of things.
Maybe Black Friday, they'll have a sale.
But Nintendo first party sales are pretty rare.
Well, I don't.
Maybe the Wii U was a little more generous because the Wii U was struggling
a little bit, but I think like, no, even the Wii U wasn't very.
Yeah, you know. Yeah.
So, you know,
anyway, just like I think,
JD, nothing that's going to be on sale, like in the next couple months,
like Black Friday would probably be the first time a game like that.
Weird stance to take, though, like I get it.
And I guess, you know, with the switch, it's still early in its lifespan.
But I mean, they did the whole Nintendo select stuff with the Wii U.
So maybe they'll do that with the switch.
So they'll re-release them for 20 bucks or something like that.
But I mean, even first party companies on all the other platforms,
you know, they discount their stuff.
I just don't understand
why they're so stingy with their titles.
Like, I get it. They're, you know, these games are masterpieces.
Yeah, no one is arguing that.
But they're arguing that, you know, hey,
maybe charging $60 for a game that came out four years ago.
Not a great idea. You know, I don't know.
To register participation for this week's
episode of Orange Island Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase cover.
All right. Well, let's you know what?
We're talking about game sales.
What a great transition into our first topic tonight.
Let's get this gaming news.
I'll just quickly do some housekeeping.
No shows off plan in the immediate future.
We will be out the weekend of June 24th.
I think the day is as I'm going to be out of town on a trip.
But you can look forward to our 16th anniversary special the week before that.
I say there's not going to be anything special about the show.
Maybe we'll try to get a guest or two.
But that will be on June 17th.
We'll be celebrating 16 years doing this old enough to drive this show is.
But, you know, it's one of those things where I'm like, I'm actually like
not to get too sappy, but I'm I'm really proud that we've had the drive to just
fucking stick with it this long, like 16 years is a long time to do anything.
It's amazing. It's pretty amazing.
Anyway, that's the one little toot our own horn.
I will do we'll do more of that in June.
But yeah, so and of course, follow us on Twitter.
Twitter dot com slash all our and Facebook, Facebook dot com slash Orange
Lounge Radio. OK, now we can do gaming news about sales.
Yes, Logie. So this is actually unfortunate.
But Best Buy, they've canceled their Gamers Club and they haven't even really made a big
announcement. But apparently Gamers Club unlocked was that service that you could get
20 percent discounts on new games.
You pay like a one time fee each year and you get those wonderful discounts.
Well, there was apparently rumors that the service had been canceled.
And it's been confirmed now, speaking with some Best Buy employees, that there was an
internal memo saying that the service ended on May 17th.
They haven't given a reason why it was ended, but apparently, you know, they're going to
honor the subscriptions for as long as they have left.
But you're not going to be able to renew that subscription going forward.
So that's unfortunate because I know a lot of people use that for preordering games, but
maybe it just wasn't profitable for them.
Yeah. And I know some people that swear by that as opposed to Amazon Prime.
So that's a little bit shocking because that Gamers Club is also giving you discounts on
Amiibo and that stuff, which the Prime thing doesn't do.
So this is a little bit.
Well, I mean, it is and it isn't shocking, you know, because they probably were losing a
bit of money on it and retail's kind of hurting as it is.
So maybe this is something they had to do.
Maybe they're going to think about a way to try to discount games from the top for
everybody, as opposed to just having to sign into this program to make it a little more
appealing that like, hey, we do cheaper games even if you don't have our subscription.
I obviously you probably go, Rob, that makes mathematically no sense.
Obviously, I'm talking about not as deep of a discount, but maybe, you know, a couple
bucks. Well, not that they promote GameStop or anything, but I know they have their
because I was looking at it this week, their used game.
I think they have this now elite thing you can buy, which is slightly more expensive than
just the fifteen dollars a year.
And you get 20 percent off their used games versus just the 10 percent off that you
normally get, which isn't a great deal.
But I mean, you could if you were looking to purchase, you know, quite a few games like
I was thinking to purchase, you know, quite different games or quite a few games on the
switch and other platforms.
I was like, well, you know, I could probably make up that difference, that cost to pay
for that with the savings I would get from purchasing those games.
So I was like, it might be worth it in that sense, but I don't know, maybe not something
I'd pay for every year.
So some of the comments from our chat, some surprise actually at this news, fifth dream
says, whoa, shit, they canceled it.
So many people are going to be pissed.
Tiger class says maybe because nobody took advantage of it.
Nobody ever talks about this gamers club.
I know people that used it.
I mean, I think more people are using the Amazon Prime thing, but that's not to say I
don't certainly know people using the Best Buy thing because somebody else points out in
chat, you could double dip on it and get the points and so forth.
And JD said that you can double dip and get points and the discount.
And that's what kind of sells it for some people.
So, yeah, you kind of have to wonder, like, was it really profitable for Best Buy or was
it, you know, they're taking a step back.
Fifth dream with another perspective here says game companies have been fighting back
to Sony and others have been stopping Amazon from offering presales on their games because
of that discount, I'm sure.
Very, very interesting.
And Brad from Pod Culture says, I used it a lot.
Lego Dimensions alone saved me the cost.
Yeah. If you buy a lot of those add ons and so forth, for sure.
For sure. So many times I've been so tempted to buy Lego Dimensions every time like I'll
see it. It could be dirt cheap, like 20 bucks.
And I'm like, I know if I buy that, I'm not going to play that game.
Yeah, I know I'm going to buy that.
I'm like, ooh, I'm not going to play the game.
I'm like, there's no way I'm buying this game.
It's a fun game, though.
That being said, though, I have so many of the characters.
I really appreciate that they didn't put out a new version every year.
Seriously, though, if you are into Lego Dimensions and want to pick up some of those
things before they go away, Dollar Store has them for two dollars a pack and they're
still selling them and like best like GameStop and Target and Walmart for 20 bucks a
piece for those little things.
Two dollars. I have a desk drawer full of them.
All right. Let's move on to another story.
This is another big story from this week talking about the game No Man's Sky.
Yeah, it's been two years, believe it or not, since that game launched.
But No Man's Sky is going to be getting a new multiplayer mode.
And Hello Games has confirmed that this is happening as part of the Inside Xbox YouTube
show, which we already knew No Man's Sky was coming out for Xbox.
Like, yeah, exclusive window for PlayStation is probably run out.
So the game is going to be coming out on Xbox now on July 24th.
So the director, Sean Murray, said that alongside this Xbox launch, the game is going
to start allowing people to work and fight alongside one another.
So I'm not sure if Jason got that right in the intro or what he was alluding to, but it
sounds like this multiplayer update is coming out the same day as the Xbox version.
It's in July, July.
So even though there was a multiplayer update last year, it was with the little glowing dots.
It's not fable multiplayer.
Yeah, no, it's not really what it is.
So in the press release, you can do the infinite universe with your friends or bump into random travelers.
As you voyage together, friends will help you stay alive or possibly prey on others.
Oh, God, trolls can't wait.
Build bases from tiny shelters to complex colonies that you create as a team and can be seen by the community.
The shelter colony thing was kind of already in the game, to be fair.
I got a call again. Sorry.
Be a pirate or wingman in epic space battles with friends and foes and race exocraft across weird alien terrains and create tracks to share online.
That that bullet right there.
That's the one that made me perk up because I'm like, is this the closest to F-Zero we're going to get?
Because that I like that we're going to get vehicles aren't that fast.
They're like little dune buggy thing.
Not yet, but maybe like the Mako.
You have to mine more.
That's all it has to be.
But that that part sounds really exciting.
So that's pretty cool.
So, yeah.
So what do you think about No Man's Sky still kind of working on the game for keeping, you know, for keep working on it?
I mean, seriously, they got their money.
Yeah, especially in the face of all the negativity out there about the game, like they have really stuck with it.
And I really can't help but give them props either.
I think it's great.
So, I mean, congrats to them for sticking with it.
And maybe maybe it'll work out in their favor.
I mean, I don't know how many people are going to want to visit this game again on Xbox, but I'll go back to it on PlayStation after all the updates are done.
Yeah, there's a there's a loyal crowd on Microsoft's end that I'm sure we'll be curious to check this out, that maybe they feel like they're getting the better version.
I don't know, although PlayStation is getting the same update, so is PC.
But, you know, kind of neat, kind of neat.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, I hope the multiplayer works out for No Man's Sky.
The base building stuff is pretty crazy.
And Dungeon Buster continues, kudos to the team for adding more content this way.
And it really should be noted.
I mean, in case you weren't aware, they've been slowly adding to the game this whole time.
I mean, it's not like every couple of weeks, but they've been putting out these big updates on a fairly regular basis, you know, across these two years.
So kudos to them.
I want to check this out, too, when it comes out.
So I'll probably reroll again.
I guess maybe PC for me, even though I do have the PlayStation 4 version, if I do PC, my streaming set up is better there.
So that's why I tend to get on PC to see what the sales look like.
We'll see. All right, let's move on.
Loki, more big announcements for this week, right?
Yes. So less is less of announcements, more of confirming rumors.
But they did a whole Black Ops 4 presentation that was streamed online talking about the big changes coming to Black Ops.
So Call of Duty this year is not going to have a single player campaign.
Instead, it's going to be multiplayer only.
With that, you're getting three zombie modes or maps or whatever that are going to be in there.
And then they're also going to have this brand new mode that's basically their big battle royale mode.
So that's going to be available as well.
Interesting, though, I know with rumors of this and other, I guess, inside sources had said that they were working on a single player campaign for the game, but apparently due to time constraints, they weren't able to finish it.
And so that was scrapped from the game because of that.
But, you know, some of the other selling points of the game, they're saying this time it's more class based multiplayer.
So they have different classes you can play on that can do different things.
A lot of the wall running and stuff that were in some of the other games are gone.
They say now it's boots on the ground and the zombie modes look kind of interesting.
They had one that was, you know, kind of this gladiatory type thing, which is melee weapons.
Then they had a couple other ones that were, I don't know, just look like your classic zombie fare.
But for me, I'm really disappointed with it because I did play the campaign.
And they would like to say, and I've heard this and a lot of fans of Call of Duty will say this, that no one plays Call of Duty single player.
No one plays the single player campaign.
Everyone's in Call of Duty for the multiplayer.
And that's just wrong, actually, because I've watched other videos talking about this in one of them, which is by a YouTuber that I tend to watch,
Yang Ye, which talked about if you look at these sites like Steam and I want to say there's a PlayStation Trophy site that had the same type of information.
And you look at the trophies that people have in Call of Duty as far as these games, there's about half of the people that play Call of Duty that finished the campaign.
And then only about half as well that have actually prestige, you know, once they've gotten that trophy, the prestige.
So to say that no one plays single player is not really true.
And here's what it comes down to, honestly.
And I know that the fan base wants to, you know, say, oh, well, too bad you don't like it and you're just scrub or whatever.
It comes down to the point that Activision and they've been it's been a numbers game with Activision.
Like look at what they did to Call of Duty Tomorrow Warfare Remastered, where they basically interject, you know, they sold the DLC maps for the game.
Separately, they gated the game behind Infinite Warfare.
You have to buy Infinite Warfare to get the game because no one really wanted to purchase Infinite Warfare.
And then they, you know, stuck in loot boxes into the game.
It's a numbers game for them.
So do they spend money to develop a campaign that might get some people, you know, get a lot of people excited about it and bring it in there?
Or do they save the money in developing the campaign and sure, they're going to lose, you know, quite a bit of sales from it.
But in the end, they make up more money by putting in this battle royale mode and they're able to monetize that more.
And so they're going to make up more money with monetization and loot boxes, because honestly, if you listen to any of their financial numbers, that's where all the fucking money is anyway.
And so that's why they're not seeing people as their customers anymore.
They're seeing them as the numbers and they're playing the numbers to make themselves the most money because they don't want just some of the money.
They want all of the money.
And that's why we're getting this shit.
And unfortunately, I can't support it.
And I haven't been purchasing Call of Duty the last few years anyways, just because I've looked at the single player campaigns and they had some of them haven't been very good.
I did like Black Ops.
That was one of my most favorite customer.
Realize that in the modern warfare stuff, just this infinite warfare was just a little too much like advanced warfare, which was the last one I had picked up.
But, yeah, Loki, a very, very how, how worrying, but very realistic take on what may be going on in the games industry for some companies.
I mean, indie development is certainly still all about the players.
Absolutely.
But very interesting kind of perspective.
You know, I know not everybody always agrees with what you say, but I think you worded that very well where, you know, it seems like some companies, you know, players are numbers.
Activision and EA are big proponents of they think they can get away with, which is weird because I never really feel that for the Blizzard side of Activision.
But then as Activision slowly gets their little tentacles on things, they kind of like, like the whole fact that this is in the Battle.net launcher is kind of one of those like, oh, God, you know.
Well, yeah, and I get it.
And no, I mean, it's smart.
It's smart, but it's like and I get it like, you know, Overwatch is extremely successful with their loot boxes.
Yep.
But to to me, that says it's just it is just cosmetic stuff.
And it's always that's what it's been.
That's what's always going to be.
And I'm fine with that because I don't feel the compulsion, the need to get that stuff.
But some some people might.
But it's Overwatch.
Sorry to cut you off.
But Overwatch is also a very special kind of game.
It is not your typical first person shooter.
You know, and I've said this for years on OLR, Blizzard has this way of Disney-fying popular genres or popular games and making them extremely accessible.
And that is exactly what they did with Overwatch is they took the Team Fortress 2 most obviously slash first person formula, Disney-fied the characters, gave them rich backgrounds and made this game that even people who's bread and butter is World of Warcraft wanted to play because the characters were so strong, you know, that people wanted to get into this universe.
I'm telling you, Loki, when we look back in 50 years on like what were the biggest video games of this decade, Overwatch is going to be towards the top of the list.
Exactly.
No question.
Exactly.
And here's the problem, though, is like when you have these people that they take this out, it's a total EA.
Well, I don't even think it's an EA move because it's an Activision move.
Activision has been doing this forever.
It's an Activision move where they basically say we're removing something that you're paying your $60 for and you're not really we're adding this battle royale and we're innovating.
We're innovating because we removed the single player camping because they would say that's like that's like Apple talking about courage when they got rid of the headphones.
Yeah, exactly.
They want to they say they want to tell a story in a different way through the multiplayer modes.
Bullshit, I'm calling on that because Titanfall did that same shit.
We we all know it's marketing speak and like we all know it's crap.
Like, I hate to say it, Loki, but you are stating the obvious in that way.
Like we know like the fact that Activision is saying, oh, we had the the courage or this is the artistic vision.
Now it's a line of smoke to blow up our ass to explain why, you know, you just wanted all the resources and multiplayer because that's the bread and butter.
That's the money. That's loot boxes.
You don't make money off single player.
The ironic part, though, is before all like first off, the lack of like a single player campaign, that was kind of just a quick mention at the end of the presentation.
And before in the beginning of the presentation, they're talking about like the rich storytelling of Call of Duty.
And they were showing clips from the single player campaigns that are not going to be in this game.
It's like, what?
I don't know. It's just I hope it's good.
My expectations are not high.
Let me ask this question about the battle royale stuff, because that's what our chat is really screaming about in over at live.vognetware.com.
S200Matt says, I hope this royale game movement helps innovate the genre with the additional competition and doesn't just dilute and jump the shark with it.
What do you think about the whole battle royale edition?
I mean, it's not surprising, that's for sure.
But it just to me, it looks like the big like battlefield type games where it's a bigger map, you've got vehicles and that's it.
But, you know, it's not that innovative because battlefield's been doing it forever.
Yeah, I don't I don't hate them for jumping in on that genre.
I mean, it's kind of the thing that people are doing right now.
When Minecraft first came out, every game, like a lot of game friendships, like here's a build your own type of thing or how do we expand on that?
Right. We get all these kind of like Minecraft, cloney things or clone boats.
They're doing that kind of like this like Fortnite stuff where, oh, I'm building barricades and stuff.
And it's like, yeah, I don't know.
Whatever, whatever.
See how it plays out.
They haven't said how many players it supports.
So we don't know how many players online you can do in this battle royale type game.
Let's hope it's good.
Yeah, that's I don't buy into the hype.
Just see if it's good.
All right. Well, another big show event that happened this week, maybe if you aren't in like I find there's kind of like two types of gamers.
There's like the Call of Duty gamers.
And if you're not really into that, maybe this is your team or maybe you like both and that's cool, too.
Or maybe you like neither.
And then I'd wonder what do you what do you play?
But anyway, the other game I want to talk about is Kingdom Hearts three.
That's right. The premium showcase event happened this week.
I didn't I didn't know that because we are invite clearly got lost in the mail.
But anyway, so apparently the members of the press were allowed to talk about the game on May 18th.
So some of the information started coming out and there were two modes in this demo at the event called Olympus and Toy Box.
So they got to actually play a little piece of the game.
You probably saw some Wreck-It Ralph stuff coming out of it.
I don't know if there was a Wreck-It Ralph mode or if Wreck-It Ralph was a summon because it kind of looked like it was more like a summon to me.
And that's what people are saying.
But that's still really cool that there's at least a reference in the game.
But I mean, with all of this kind of showing up right now, doesn't it really seem like it's happening?
Like Kingdom Hearts is going to finally fucking be this year.
Like it really I mean, they said we're going to announce the release date next month.
Well, no, it's going to be E3. No shit.
E3 is next month. I think it's this year.
I hope so.
I mean, if they come out and say April 20 or what would it be, March, when's the fiscal year end?
April, right?
Maybe March.
So if they came out and said March 2019, that wouldn't be the biggest surprise in the world.
But at least I think we kind of know that, like, OK, this fiscal year is when it's happening, if not the holiday, which would be a great time, a great time because kids and everything that are going to be like Disney, Disney.
But I mean, who's I mean, even though I say that the kids that are like Disney, Disney.
How long ago was Kingdom Hearts two at this point, like ten years ago?
The being that they invited the press out, those kids are adults with their own kids, being that we're at this point in the, you know, press media cycle.
Yeah, my guess is probably around September.
Yeah, I I kind of think that's the case.
I think we're going to hear at E3 that this is really happening.
And so that would mean that Final Fantasy 7 Remake is the game that's going to be bumped back a little.
Yeah, I heard that was like before 2023.
OK, but excuse me.
Tonight's show is going to be a little struggle.
Thanks for being with me.
I think that was like a tongue in cheek reference that didn't really make the translation very well.
Like, I think that was one of those self-aware jokes.
I don't think they were serious about the 2023 thing, because by the 20 by 2023, the PlayStation five will be here again.
Here I am talking about PlayStation five.
But dude, that's one, two, three, four, five years away.
No game generation has gone on that long.
We're going to have a PlayStation five by then.
So Final Fantasy 7 Remake, it'll be out maybe next year.
It's not to say that Square can't do two big games for holiday, but I don't think they would.
I kind of feel like one is this holiday, one is next holiday.
But also Final Fantasy 7 is episodic.
Maybe they would do the first episode before end of fiscal year or next year and then maybe
episode two, like either that holiday or if that's not enough time, maybe, you know, holiday 2019 or Jesus, no, I guess it'd be holiday 2020.
I don't think they would put those two games out that close to each other because they would cannibalize each other.
So I think it would be spread farther.
You think they would cannibalize each other?
I don't think so.
Yeah, probably.
I think both would happen.
Didn't the Kingdom Heart remakes come out not too long around Final Fantasy 15?
Yeah, but those are remakes, so.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I guess.
S2100Matt says, some of those kids who've played Kingdom Hearts have as many kids now as Kingdom Hearts has had those Decimal Edition games.
Ain't that the truth?
I guess that is another thing, too, is that, you know, we knew they were doing this.
Square was kind of trying to refresh our memory with those HD remakes and allow new kids to get exposed to the series, even though, again, as a near 40-year-old, I can't explain the fucking plot of Kingdom Hearts.
How is a kid going to understand it?
But whatever.
Sometimes you don't necessarily need a plot.
I mean, whatever.
Tonight in Final Jeopardy, explain the plot.
Explain the plot of Kingdom Hearts in one word.
Go.
Stuff.
Keyblade.
Pretty.
All right.
Anyway, and as S2100Matt says, it's fan service.
There is no plot.
I mean, accurate.
Like, I'm just gonna sit there and button mash and like, ooh, Tron.
Ooh, Disney movies are the best.
I just hope there's easy mode because I am an animation geek.
And then scream it, uh, uh, I can't wait to say Daffy Duck, Donald Duck, scream at Donald for being an idiot.
God damn it, Daffy, shut the fuck up.
I'm Donald.
That's a terrible, that's the worst thing ever.
Can you rename Goofy, I guess you can't, because they're kind of, like, protected.
It would be great if, like, most RPGs, you could rename the characters.
Your name is Asshole.
No, I would rename Donald as Daffy, and that would be funny.
Anyway.
Have we had the crossover Donald Daffy Duck?
Uh, no, because it's Disney and Warner Brothers.
It's never gonna happen.
It wasn't, like, in a...
You're thinking, like, Space Jam or something, and that is not, you know.
I know, I was thinking, like, maybe, uh, Who Framed Roger Rabbit or something like that.
Mmm, no.
I don't think so.
No.
Good try, though.
Maybe, I don't know.
Oh, actually, folks in chat are saying Roger Rabbit.
It did happen.
Alright, well, shit.
Shows how much I know.
What didn't really happen, I guess, I guess Roger Rabbit was a Warner Brothers movie at the end of the day.
Wasn't it?
Well, it didn't really just happen.
That was when, you know, they were playing nice with each other.
Interesting.
Alright.
The more you know.
Alright.
Anyway.
Let's move on.
Uh, we're gonna do one more story here before we get to the classic game of the week.
So, with games being released, you know, for a new life to begin, some lives must end.
Right, Loki?
Yes, it's the circle of life, and Sony is actually...
It's the circle of life.
Sony is actually acknowledging the fact that the Vita exists, and they're basically letting us know that it exists because they're saying, hey, we're ending production of Vita games.
So, yeah.
Apparently, no more physical Vita games are gonna be released.
I'm not sure how long the digital is gonna continue, but they're saying that apparently the final purchase orders will be entered by February 15, 2019.
So, yeah, they're ending it, but that's next year.
Um, but there's not a lot of Vita games coming out.
Well, at the same time, not to be a bitch, but is anybody really surprised at this news?
No.
Because there's a part of me that's like, they didn't already end this production.
Exactly, yeah.
Like, it's just Sony's support of the Vita has been not good.
No.
Which is funny, because I've heard this term a lot, that the Switch is the successor to the Vita, and I kinda like that little tongue-in-cheek jab at a, you know, how
Sony didn't really support the Vita.
And in a way, it's kinda sad, because with the PlayStation TV having been a thing, even though it didn't get supported for very long,
like, you kinda had that system where you could play something on the TV and then pick it up and take it on the go.
Like, if Sony, granted, it was two separate elements, you had to buy the TV, but if Sony had just kinda taken that like a few steps further and really had that faith
and really put that kind of marketing into it, like, they could have beaten Nintendo at their own game.
They so could.
I mean, it wouldn't, now to be fair, before the chatters yell at me, it wouldn't be as fast as, click, like, pick it up, take, I mean, you would have to like have the cloud save.
But they kinda started to do that with the whole, god, what the fuck did they call it?
Um, oh my god, we made fun of it.
Konami had-
No, Konami had a different name for it that was like, stupid.
And it was-
Uh, R Rising or something, god, what was they, somebody in Terrar form or something like that?
I don't remember what it was called.
Yes.
Stop naming things, Konami.
Transfarency, thank you, transfarency, that's what was, Dark Tetsuya, Gold Star for you.
Transfaring.
Transfaring.
Get it, cause you're not transferring, you're transfaring.
That's stupid.
I hope that's the name of Sony's next handheld, the trans, just kidding, Sony's never gonna make another handheld, but the Sony Transfar.
They might, I don't know.
Probably not.
In Japan, maybe.
Alright, well, rest in peace Vita, but again, if you're in Japan, they're gonna still be making Vita games, because they still acknowledge the Vita in Japan.
That's right.
It's still accepted there.
Alright.
Uh, let's, uh, let's get to the classic game of the week.
You guys ready for the classic game of the week?
Every week we dive into the game involved.
In Dark Sakura, she usually jumps in there and finds a game that she thinks, hey, brats, play this video game this week.
But Dark Sakura's on vacation, so when, you know, mom's away, we're gonna play.
So, last week, I took over and gave you SimCity as the classic game of the week.
Look out, y'all.
It's Loki's turn.
Loki!
No, but you picked a good one.
You picked a good one.
Yeah, I picked a good one.
I, so, well, Rob notes that this is my potential second pick that I, I, I urged him to save his first pick for, like, an anniversary show and convinced Jamie it's a good idea.
But anyway, let's not talk about that.
Let's talk about tonight's pick.
What did you pick for tonight?
Well, being that we were just talking about Call of Duty and Call of Duty just had a World War II, uh, game come out, I thought it'd be great to choose a game that isn't Call of Duty at all.
Um, no, this is actually, um, 2006, this is my favorite game out of both Halo 3 and, well, this is Resistance Fall of Man.
So, Resistance Fall of Man was a PlayStation 3, like, launch title, and what was kind of cool about it is it took not only the World War II, like, Call of Duty style gameplay, but it also added, like, kind of some alien elements to it as well.
So, basically, you play this guy, uh, Sergeant Nathan Hale.
He is part of this human resistance that's trying to drive out this mysterious alien-like invasion out of the UK, and the...
I didn't realize the whole beginning of this was narration, so I need to fast-forward to some gameplay here in the clip.
Sorry.
Much better. No, that's alright.
Um, yes, and so he, it's the Chimera is what they're called, so these aliens are coming down and trying to take over everything, and it's just a pretty great story-driven game.
And so, um, what was kind of cool about it is, you know, with the traditional World War II weapons that you had, you also got alien weapons that you can use, and some of these had alter-, you know, alt-fires on there as well.
So, you can do this one weapon that, for example, would launch out a tracking beacon, and you can basically curve bullets around the wall.
So, if, like, you know, you tagged one of these enemies with the beacon thing, and the enemy ran behind the wall, the bullets would fall right around the wall to, you know, him.
Or they had one that was, um, that would actually go through walls, or you could create a shield with it.
So, lots of cool stuff.
But, um, you know, it was actually one of my most favorite games on the PlayStation 3, and, uh, one of the series that, they did make a few additional ones.
They did, uh, Resistance 2 and 3.
Um, also, of course, being that this is one of the systems that had motion controls in their controller, the 6-axis at the time, because it wasn't the DualShock 3, if you remember.
Uh, the 6-axis, they had motion control support ports, so, like, for example, in multiplayer games, if you got tagged with one of the beacons, you could shake your controller to shake it off.
Or, in this one, they would have, like, these, like, facehugger alien things that would try to attack you, and you could shake those off of you with that.
Um, so, they're, like, just little neat things like that.
Um, what else?
Um, multiplayer was kind of fun. They had, you know, offline and online multiplayer for up to 40, uh, players online, which is pretty sweet.
And then, um, you know, lots of different maps to play as.
Uh, one of the cool things, though, once Resistance 2 was coming out, they actually offered all those maps for free, which is kind of cool.
Um, but yeah, I mean, it was one of these games, I still think this is a game that they should remaster and bring back, because I thought it had a pretty decent storyline.
And, you know, out of the two games, you know, Halo 3 and Resistance, I think Resistance was my favorite, because I had played through both of them.
But, um, and the other thing that's kind of cool about this is, once you do play through the whole game, you can play through it a second time, and there's actually different alien weapons that are in there as well, so you can play quickly through the game.
So, it kind of urges you to repeat playing through the campaign, uh, which is kind of nice.
Something that certain games don't do nowadays, but, um, whatever, it's all a numbers game for these people now.
So, yes, Resistance Fall of Man, my pick for Classic Game of the Week. That's it. I keep it short.
Alright, no, that's all good. Sometimes, uh, there isn't a lot to say, but I like it.
And, plus, we don't highlight a lot of first-person shooters. I mean, we know that Jamie doesn't play as many of them, but she has, you know, she's talked about her motion sickness and things, so she doesn't get as into those games.
So, it's good that we can spotlight something, I think, a little bit different.
So, I think sometimes you and I are, you know, Jamie, and I'm not, I would never disrespect her when she's not here. I ain't that stupid.
But, you know, she has her experiences in gaming, and she has a deep knowledge about all these import games that I could never, like, do, right?
But then, for me, I'm like, oh, old Commodore 64 and PC games. That's my bread and butter, right? So, then I'm able to spotlight those, and then you play some different types of games, like first-person shooters.
So, I'm glad we could spotlight that.
Yep.
Yep. Alright. There it is, your Classic Game of the Week, Resistance Fall of Man.
Alright, we're gonna take a break, though, and when we come back, there is plenty more of Orange Launcher Radio to come, including rapid-fire news, what's coming out in stores, emails, if we have any. I didn't peak.
And then some more big news. We have, for what I believe is a surprise closure, kind of coming out of nowhere. So, not all good news, either.
So, we're gonna get into that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio. Your calls, too, when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with our 731st episode already in progress for this May 20th of 2018.
Loki and I here alone in studio tonight as Dark Sakura is extending her vacation a little bit, but she has, it's understandable, she has a good friend from, like, out of the country, I believe, visiting.
So, you know, you wanna spend every moment with a friend of yours that's-
When they just bring them along.
I actually thought at one point she was going to do that, but I completely understand that, like, seeing San Francisco is probably, like, more on this, her friend's bucket list than go sit in for five hours on OLR.
Yeah.
Three hour show, one hour before and after, you know, it's a lot of Sunday nights, so I totally respect that, it's good.
I also wanna give a birthday shout-out, even though I know he doesn't listen to this show, but maybe you all will tweet him and tell him that I was talking shit tonight.
But I wanna wish a very happy birthday, because he's- he already- technically his birthday passed, but his birthday party was today.
So, Captain Matt from Starboard Power Coupling, also if you used to listen to Hoard House back in the day, Grandpa, he's had his birthday today.
And the theme of his party was, fuck it, I'm 40, which is funny because I'm older than he is, he's not 40, I think today was 38, or this week was maybe 37.
He's not 40, but because we call him Grandpa and older stuff, he's just saying, fuck it, I'm 40. He's like the reverse Bobby Blackwell, he doesn't do the 29, he's just, fuck it, I'm 40.
So, big happy birthday to Captain Matt over at Starboard Power Coupling from your boos here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Anyway, let's get back into some rapid fire news, Loki.
You may remember we talked a little bit about Walmart leaks, Walmart Canada leaks, and some games that were posted on there prior to their announcements that would be assumed at E3, if they were legit.
Well, maybe there's a little bit of legitimacy to it, because one of those leaked games was Rage 2, and Bethesda was trolling the shit out of them.
And now, they released their gameplay and announcement trailers, so it looks like very Mad Max-ish, as kind of the first Rage game did.
And I think there'll be more coming out during the Bethesda conference in probably a few weeks here.
So, um, neat.
I got a Battle Royale vibe from it, maybe that's because everybody's doing Battle Royale, but I kinda got a Battle Royale vibe from it.
But maybe that's just the trailer.
Just saying. Looks cool, though.
This is interesting. So, you know how they do some of these different speedruns and stuff, where they'll do a length of the past randomizer, where they'll randomize weapons and stuff throughout the different...
I don't watch enough of those, but I have a friend on Twitter who streams on Twitch who does a lot of Final Fantasy 1 shuffle.
And I always found that fascinating.
Yeah, so it's really cool.
This is gonna be quite the thing to see.
I really hope this is something that they run at one of the AGDQ events, either the summer or the regular one.
This is a ROM hack that combines The Legend of Zelda, length of the past, and Super Metroid.
So, the way this works is basically when you go into a dungeon, you end up actually going into...
It goes back and forth between Super Metroid and Legend of Zelda.
And you'll find sometimes Super Metroid power-ups in The Legend of Zelda, so you'll find different things there.
Or you may find some Zelda stuff in Super Metroid.
I like those little crossovers, that's cool.
I just think it sounds really cool.
So, that I am very much looking forward to seeing how that would work.
But apparently it's a ROM hack that they've done, and some people have run it, but I need to see this.
It sounds so awesome.
Yeah, cool.
Not cool. If you were looking forward to Shenmue 3, it got delayed.
Well, you know how we feel about delays at this point.
If a delay is what the game needs to be better, then by all means, delay it.
So, the game will be launching in 2019 now. It will not be launching in 2018.
Somebody brought it up earlier when we were talking about Kino Hearts.
So, if you weren't already aware, Shenmue 3 did officially get pushed back.
Deep Silver made the announcement this week updating their release window for 2019,
stating, the extra time will be used to polish the quality of the game even further to the high standards it deserves,
and release the product in the best possible time frame.
Thank you.
Yeah, you know what? Gamers, we don't do that anymore. We don't get angry when games are pushed back anymore.
Because when you don't do that, and you cut corners like that, that's when you lose your single player campaign.
So, thank you Deep Silver for doing what you had to do to ensure that the game is going to be great.
So, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC worldwide in 2019.
Something you can play a little bit sooner than that is Locke, or Locke Cole, which I forgot he had a full name.
If you don't remember that name, he is a character in Final Fantasy 6.
Remember, I think people would call him a thief and he'd say treasure hunter, or at least in the English translation of that game.
Anyway, he is going to be a new character in Dissidia.
Gotta be honest, this was a game I couldn't really get into, but maybe I need to give it a second look.
Maybe it's one of those things I'll revisit when it comes down a little bit in price.
I was hoping it would be more of a standard fighter, but it was a little weird to me with all the objectives and all these things.
I had a hard time figuring it out.
But for those that are into it, cool. Play a lot of it, and now you'll get to play it with Locke, as he is the second download character for this game.
Of course, coming from Final Fantasy 6, or 3, if you grew up in the States in the 90s. It was originally Final Fantasy 3.
So, yeah, you'll get to play with him, and he joins Terra as one of the people from Final Fantasy 6.
And there's some costumes and some swords, you can see about that as well.
Also, they've announced that there will also be four more DLC characters, including a female, a male, a female who was in Dissidia previously, and a male.
So all the characters will be from the latter half of the Final Fantasy series. So, hmm, interesting.
Anyway, May 17th is when you can check out Locke in Dissidia.
Let's travel around and check out what's coming out a little- actually, May 17th already happened, so you can download them now.
I did not realize that story was like, it's happening today!
Anyway, let's travel around and check out some other stuff you can pick up really soon this week in stores. Loki.
Yeah, so starting things out, we have the expansion for Yellow Scrolls Online, Summerset, that's coming out on PC and Mac.
We've got the Mega Man Legacy Collection 1 and 2 on the Nintendo Switch.
Runner 3 on PC, Mac, and Switch.
Stardew Valley is making its way out to Vita. Oh my god, a Vita game.
Pretty good one, I bet.
State of Decay 2 on PC and Xbox One.
Tennis World Tour on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
This is cool.
Bloodstained Curse of the Moon, that game we talked about last week, the kind of retro-
Oh yeah, like the major one?
That's coming out on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Vita.
Cool.
We've got Dylan's Dead Heat Breakers on 3DS, remember that tower defense armadillo game that Nintendo has?
Yes.
And it looks like some, I'm assuming these are remasters, Persona 3 Dancing Moon Night, Persona 4 Dancing All Night, and Persona 5 Dancing Star Night.
PlayStation 4 and Vita on 3 and 5, and number 4 is getting just the PlayStation 4 release, and those are all rhythm games.
Punch Club on the Switch, and we've got a few more games, looks like 7 Scarlet on the Vita, Dark Souls Remastered on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Detroit Become Human on PlayStation 4, and last but not least, Sudden Strike 4 European Battlefields Edition on Xbox One.
That's it.
Alright, let's travel over to Japan and check out what's coming out in Japan.
I know they had a big holiday week recently, but I think things are slowing down a little bit, including PlayStation 4.
Excuse me, things are ramping up again, because the holidays have slowed down.
PlayStation 4, in fact, getting a few releases this week.
I did not know this, that Persona 3 and Persona 5 dancing games are on their way to the PlayStation 4.
How did I not know that?
I just mentioned them.
Oh, well, yeah, there you go.
Well, yeah, they're coming out here in the US.
I just, when I saw this earlier, I was like, I didn't even know these games were coming, but there you go.
So they're also released in Japan, same thing as Loki just mentioned for here.
The Dark Souls remaster, also making its way to Japan this coming week on May 24th.
As well as a game called Mikagame Sumika no Seifuku Katsudo comes out this week.
And Undertale gets its release in Japan, obviously on the PlayStation 4, it's a pretty big deal.
It doesn't stop there, though.
We also have the Karu Maruka Circle in regular and limited edition.
And Detroit Become Human gets its Japanese release in parity with the US release.
That is very soon. I'm actually really excited to check that out.
I hope I have the time to do that.
And then I close my list without looking at the Switch or the 3DS.
So bear with me a minute while I bring it back up.
They don't release games on anything but the PlayStation 4 over there.
It's all beta over there.
It's all beta. Actually, you remind me to check to see if there is a beta.
Believe it or not, yes, Undertale on the Vita, the Persona dancing games also on the Vita.
Vita is still super well supported over there.
So those games all out on the Vita.
And let's check out the Switch real quick.
Yeah, the Switch is getting the Rockman Classics 1 and 2, hits Japan this week.
Obviously that is Mega Man here.
And then Rabbit Cross Labyrinth Puzzle Out Stories, also happening on the Switch.
And Urban Trial Playground, also on the Switch this week.
As well as a special micro SD card that's branded for Nintendo that is 256 gigs in case you're downloading all this stuff.
As far as the DS goes though, it's a little quieter over there.
Nothing to announce. I think that is probably ramping down with the exception of that Luigi game in like 2019.
How about the UK, Loki?
We've got Space Hulk Deathwing Edition, or Deathwing Enhanced Edition.
That's coming out on PlayStation 4.
State of Decay 2 on Xbox One.
Tennis World Tour on Xbox One and PlayStation 4, the Switch and PC.
Detroit Become Human on PlayStation 4.
Dark Souls Remastered on Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
And that's it.
Alright, we're gonna get to the mailbag.
You guys send us emails and we read them.
Even when you don't send us many emails, we'll still go in there and read them.
If you want to send us an email in the future, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send an email.
Our first and only email tonight from Robert M.
Hey, you know what, Robert M. always there to email us when none of y'all else will.
So thanks Robert M. who says in the subject line, bats.
And then it's in the email saying,
Just thinking about bats as I tend to do and just wondering besides games that use them as basic enemies,
such as the Swoopers of Super Mario World and the Bubble Bats of Mega Man,
what other games have bats as major characters?
The only ones that come to mind are Sunsoft's Arrow the Acrobat,
Rogue the Bat from Sonic Adventure 2, I believe,
and Laylee from Yooka Laylee by Playtronic.
So Robert M. wants us to talk about video game bats.
Driving us batty tonight.
Well, you know the first thing that came to my mind, Robert M.
Batman.
He's technically not a bat.
Now, man, bat.
He's a man bat.
I'm sorry, that's where my brain went.
I was like Batman because those games weren't bats.
Pokemon, sort of.
Okay, yeah, there's bat-like characters in Pokemon.
I mean, they're not supposed to be technically bats.
They're other bat-like equivalents.
They're bats.
They're bats, yeah.
How about you guys in chat?
What do you guys know over at live.vognetwork.com?
What do you guys think?
Because I'm having a hard time thinking about other bat enemies in video games.
Didn't Legend of the Mystical Ninja have some?
Castlevania had a bat.
Oh, yeah, Castlevania.
That's a great answer.
That's a great answer.
Castlevania, of course.
Like the first boss.
Like in every Castlevania game, that big vampire bat is always the first boss.
Great answer.
Or Zelda.
Great answer.
Zelda, that's right.
That's right.
There was a bat monster in Zelda as well.
Adventures of Link.
Let's see.
Go into chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
See a Tiberius.
Just Michael Morbius from Spider-Man who crosses with a bat.
Dartitsuya says La Mulana has bats, but those are probably lifted from Castlevania.
Good answer there as well.
And Tigerclaw links us to the giant bomb wiki who actually has an article on list of bat characters.
So how about that?
There really is an article.
Tigerclaw says, fuck this game.
I have the answer right here.
I'm kind of laughing at how funny that is.
They list Batman, by the way.
Just so we're clear, Loki.
They list Batman.
Batman is a bat character in a game.
Let's see.
I'm trying to see if there's any of these.
A beautiful Joe had Charles III, a bat creature in that game.
I don't know why they say Conker is a bat.
Why is Conker in this list?
Conker is not a bat.
Demon Hunter?
Well, the Demon Hunter has a bat in Diablo III.
I guess the Demon Hunter does have a bat pet she can have with her.
So there is that.
Kirby O'Neil, the father of April O'Neil.
I guess was a bat.
Is that a thing that happened in Ninja Turtles?
I had no idea.
So there you go.
Wingnut, also from Ninja Turtles, a character in the TMNT universe.
So there you go.
JD says Barbara the Bat was in Super Smash Brothers.
And JD says this list needs a fact check.
Okay, OLR.
For Robert M., you guys need to get the giant bomb wiki updated.
We need an accurate perception of bats in video games.
Thank you for the email.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
At first I thought we were talking about baseball bats.
And I was like, okay, well, lots of games with baseball bats.
You would think emails like that drive me crazy.
But I appreciate the emails that are like,
I had a random fucking thought today, OLR.
And I want to share it with you.
We never do that on this show.
I know. We never get into tangents.
I love it.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to send us an email for a future week.
In the meantime, Loki, why don't we get to it?
Let's talk about closures. That's unfortunate.
Boss Key Games has decided to shut down.
So Boss Key Games, if you're not familiar,
is Cliff Boot.
I can't talk because I just ate a bunch of salsa
and my mouth's on fire.
Cliff Bleszinski's software company.
Just do what I do and always say Cliffy B.
Cliffy B. There you go.
Cliffy B's company.
Even though he's older now, so he's Cliff.
Clifford B.
No, I don't think he's Clifford. He's just Cliff.
Just like you don't call me Robert.
Mr. Zinski.
B. Zinski.
He went and formed the company after he left Epic Games.
They were really trying to push out a couple games with it.
One, of course, was Lawbreakers,
which didn't quite take off.
Of course, then, the last second,
they tried to come out with a Battle Royale-type game,
Radical Heights,
which also didn't really seem to gain traction.
Unfortunately, because of all this,
they've decided to just shut it all down.
Radical Heights is going to stay online
for probably a little bit longer,
but then that's going to be closed down as well.
As of today, Boss Key Productions is effectively no more.
Four years ago, I set out to make world-class video game studio
and I hired some of the best talent in the video game industry,
worked tirelessly to produce quality products,
and while we had our ups and downs,
I'd like to think we had fun doing it.
Lawbreakers was a great game
that unfortunately failed to gain traction,
and in a last-ditch attempt,
we scrambled to do our take
on a huge Battle Royale genre with Radical Heights,
which was well-received.
However, it was a little too long.
As for today, I'm going to take some time off and reflect.
I need to focus on myself and my family,
as well as my Aussie, Teddy,
who is slowly fading from us.
Video games will forever be a part of who I am,
and I hope to make something new again some days.
However, I need to withdraw and take this time.
To those who have supported myself
and the studio for the last few years,
thank you from the bottom of my heart
and everyone who came to work for me.
Please note that the servers for Radical Heights
will remain up for the near future.
Thanks again, Cliff.
I'm not going to talk shit about Clifford
because I have nothing but respect for somebody who says,
you know what, I'm going to take a little time away
to go work on family stuff and focus on these other things.
I think that's great, and I wish him well with all that stuff.
I am a bit surprised, though,
at how sudden this kind of feels.
I didn't even...
Maybe this is part of the problem.
Granted, I don't play these games.
I didn't even realize Radical Heights was out.
It just came out.
That's what I thought.
It was in early access or something like that.
It was right around its infancy.
So it's surprising to me that it's this sudden.
Cliff had to walk away because of family issues.
Again, I respect that.
But the entire studio closing,
that just seems really big.
But maybe the money, the funding,
he kind of fesses up to it in there saying
maybe it was just too little, too late.
Key word there, they couldn't get it out fast enough
and the money well is dry.
Yeah. It's unfortunate.
Sad, but a reality about games.
It's unfortunate because they were trying to take on popular genres.
They had the whole,
we're taking on Overwatch with Lawbreakers,
which is a somewhat unique game.
But still, it just didn't have the character
that really brought people to it.
And then Radical Heights,
it was interesting to see it.
Neat take on the idea,
but it was just a little too late.
DungeonBuster in chat says
at live.vognetwork.com,
if I recall correctly, one of the leads tweeted
that he learned about the company being closed
from his 8-year-old daughter who showed him the news online.
She asked him if he was going to be okay now
that he was losing his job.
Radical Heights was very prototyped.
They were testing the waters with it.
It was largely unfinished, but playable.
That's a bummer, but you know what?
That kind of sudden closure news
is not particularly unique
to the gaming industry.
I learned at a previous employer,
not my current one, but a previous employer,
I learned that layoffs were happening
and there was a financial disclosure
that happened that morning
before they brought employees into a meeting.
So we were all pretty nervous
for a good chunk of the day
because we knew it was coming.
This isn't something that's unique
to the games industry,
but it's not a good look.
But, anyhow.
Well, that's really unfortunate
for those developers.
I will say, though,
a lot of other game industry people
are doing really good to the people there.
Blizzard Careers is out there
tweeting people right away.
We're looking for people
because I'm sure they've got some unannounced things
they're working on.
God, I hope one of them is Diablo IV.
Ooh, I can't wait for Blizzard's take
on the Battle Royale genre.
Although, I guess they already have Overwatch.
I don't know if I'm necessarily saying
they need to bring Battle Royale to Overwatch.
I don't think everybody needs to do Battle Royale.
No, they don't.
I just want them to do Diablo IV
since it doesn't seem like there's going to be
another expansion for III at this point.
So there you go.
Let's talk about Super Smash Bros.
I know a lot of you are waiting for E3
for just this game.
And I know we don't have a ton of people
overseas that listen to this show,
but for those that are over in Japan,
Super Smash Bros. is going to be playable
at various events across Japan
around the same time as E3.
So that's pretty cool.
If you're in Japan and you feel like,
oh, I want to play the new Smash 2,
I don't want to have to go all the way
to the States to do it, the good news is
that you're going to be able to do that.
So on June 17th at the Rage 2018 Summer,
you can do that there, or the
Jisai World Hobby Fair on June 23rd and 24th,
and the Jump Victory Carnival
in both Tokyo and Osaka
on July 16th and July 22nd,
you will be able to play the game in Japan.
So that's pretty cool.
They're going to unveil it there.
It's obvious that this game is getting its big unveiling
at E3, and it's going to be playable at E3,
and Nintendo not really keeping
it a secret either, because they are going to be
doing, get this, ticket reservations
this year.
Oh, fuck that bullshit.
Finally, a fucking fast pass
system at E3. Of course, that just means
all those people are going to be out on the floor,
and I don't know if they're going to be able to handle that,
but that's ESA's problem.
Anyway, E3 attendees, Nintendo
announced, will be able to reserve play slots
ahead of time for Super Smash Brothers
with the purpose of having the fans
get a faster, smoother experience.
You're going to be able to reserve a ticket to play against people
casually for fun, or play
for glory in a competitive elimination
match. You will get an
email from E3 organizers
by June 5th if you register by
May 31st with details about
how to reserve one electronic ticket
for this. This is pretty, so
official E3, this is through.
Nintendo is ticketing through official E3. That's pretty big.
You have to play the game,
you have to sign up ahead of time.
No on-site registration will be available.
You'll get a ticket as a QR code
and more information
at E3.Nintendo.com
Reservations not taken for any
other games at Nintendo's booth.
This is only their E ticket
ride for the year, which is Super Smash Brothers.
How long before they appear on eBay?
Who knows? Who knows? Yeah, I'm sure
there's some E3 attendees who have no interest
in seeing this, but it's
interesting that they are doing it this way.
The part of me that stood in a line
for a very long time to see things
like the DS
when that was first announced and some of the other like
I didn't have to stand in line to the Wii.
Thanks for a buddy of mine, who by the way
well, I shouldn't talk about it.
But anyway, he knows who he is
and thank you very much for it.
He helped me get to see the Wii with
getting to skip that line and so forth.
And you know, other
Nintendo stuff, 3DS
we stood in a big line for that too, so
it's nice that people are going to be able to kind of like
skip it big time this year to check out
Super Smash Brothers, and hopefully it runs smooth.
Hopefully it runs smooth, but the fact
that they're not doing any on-site, that's pretty good.
Because I remember when Sony
did the VR thing, you had to kind of like go
run and get a ticket, and it was obviously
a clusterfuck straight to Sony's booth
that morning, but it worked out
pretty well. You didn't have to stand around all day
to get to try VR, so.
Alright, so
any interest in going to E3, Loki?
Nope. Yeah, I think they'll take that
Super Smash Brothers thing on the road here in the
US too. They're going to be really
pushing that before the game comes out. It's very clear
that that is going to be Nintendo's bread and butter for the holidays.
And how they plan to
Just put out a demo.
Maybe they will. Who knows?
Alright, moving on, Loki.
Alright, so this is interesting.
There's a new Halo game soon.
Coming to arcades.
Yes, so
Microsoft announced Halo Fire Team
Raven. It's a light gun shooter
game that's coming to arcades.
And which arcades might you ask?
Dave and Busters, this
summer.
So check it out. Will the Halo
arcade game give tickets?
I don't know. Every frag
is a ticket, maybe?
It looks interesting though.
It reminds me of like the
Glaxion type game.
It almost looks like it's in a booth
with two big giant screens.
And that's done by
Raw Thrills
and Play Mechanic.
It actually looks exactly like that.
Even the way the guns are set up
and everything.
Very much like that.
Like a Glaxion game.
I'll play it.
Do you think Halo 6 is the big E3 announcement for
Microsoft this year?
I don't know. I thought it was going to be Gears of War.
Maybe. And so which game is getting the
battle royale mode first?
You know it's coming.
You know it's coming.
Tigerclaw in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says
it's another one of those railgun shooters.
Which is the only way you can do a Halo arcade game.
I like railgun shooters in arcades.
Yeah, I like railgun shooters in arcades too.
How's my bread and butter? It would be kind of fun
though if they had like four of these together and you could
like frag other people. But I understand that's
a difficult arcade experience in a lot of
real estate. Especially in a small
ass Dave and Busters like the one we have here.
Which is, sorry not
sorry, a joke. The one
here in town is, it's like the smallest,
they said it's the smallest one in the entire chain next to
Times Square. Lucky us. I know, right?
And even, I went to the one in Times Square
and I was more impressed with that one.
Sorry not sorry.
Couldn't they make ours like two story or something
like that? Multiple stories. You would have thought.
Have like, you know, space.
It's going to be interesting when round one opens up across
the street next year. How about we just bulldoze the
whole Sunrise Mall and put a big Dave and Busters
in there? Watch your words
because I think that's not to get too much into local
politics, but I really don't see how that mall stays
around much longer. It's not. It's
clearly not and well
to get into local politics,
my wife and I would follow
a local Facebook group around
here and there's one of the planners for
the area is in there and they talk about
like different proposals for Sunrise Mall. That thing is
not staying around very long.
I went there the other day and like
half the restaurants are gone out of the food court.
Shears is closing down soon.
So I mean there's
nothing anchoring that there. You know
they might have more success and I will
tie this to video games. Stay tuned.
They may have more success as an event
center because they do that tennis thing
was there like some summers and that was
like a circus.
They had like circuses, carnivals. So I bet that place
would have a lot more success as an event space which
could include and this is one thing they've been talking
about that more shopping malls are getting into
is like e-gaming and e-sports hosting.
That would be very interesting.
It would be neat. Yeah if like the old Sears
at Sunrise Mall became like an e-sports arena
that mall might be kind of interesting.
I just
don't know what they're going to do. Who knows.
Alright.
Excuse me guys.
Let's move on to a story
on Star Fox. This is a rumor
big rumor but as E3
approaches we're going to have a lot of these so
bear with us. But what would you all think
if this were true? Because
sources say that Retro
Studios is working on Star Fox
Racing.
No. Yeah Retro Studios apparently this is
their next project.
It's a Star Fox racing game.
And this originally came from Eurogamer
who has had some leaks in the
past. Some other bullets
that have come out about the game. It's not
like F-Zero.
Star Fox Grand Prix is a tentative title.
It's based on an air wing
which is how it's not F-Zero.
It's a mix between Star Fox and
racing. You shoot enemies to move forward
and get combos. You can shoot
other players too. It's a big
hub area where you can interact with the Star Fox
characters. Retro
is considering cameos like Donkey Kong
maybe 2019
or 2018. I know.
They can throw Diddy Kong in there.
Why not? Because you know Diddy
Kong racing would have been more
apt as a racing game than
you know what
Star Fox racing is. You know
I would rather see an F-Zero but I
also understand that I may need to let that go
a little bit. I'm open
to the idea of a Star Fox racing game
but it's all about how does it play. Now
if it's kind of making
it's niche on like a competitive racing
game where like the more you destroy other
people the more you move faster.
It sounds
a little bit like Wipeout in a way maybe.
There's been games like that I think.
Yeah. So I'm
open to it and I realize that Mario
Kart is a huge game
on the Switch and was great
for Wii U2. So I think
maybe Nintendo wants to duplicate that success
without necessarily doing Mario Kart 9
right now. And do Diddy Kong racing. You don't need
to add more racing games. Or F-Zero
Oh yeah F-Zero. Hey yeah
everybody's asking for F-Zero
are one of our big racing games
that we have. Let's make an additional
racing game that no one's going to have interest
in instead. Dark Tetsuya says
there is another rumor that supposedly says
F-Zero SX for Switch
but I don't know if I buy it or not.
You know again now we're getting into rumors
that are really out there. I would love it if it's true.
Maybe it's a type of revival
of F-Zero GX and they're
going to just kind of like port it to Switch
and maybe put a few more tracks.
I'd be down. I'd be down. I would.
You know what if you could like play it online
smoothly and everything
like actually I'd be kind of down.
I would check that out.
You know right now Fast Racing Neo kind of has to
fill that void. But F-Zero is
unique in what it is. And Fast Racing has the whole
like polarizing thing like
Ikaruga kind of does when you race. So it's a little
bit different than an F-Zero game feels.
But I would be okay
if a new F-Zero game is
like basically a GX remaster
so they can do it on the cheap. And you know
that game is I think
horribly underlooked by a lot of people.
So I'm all for giving it a second chance with a newer
Nintendo generation.
For sure. Just a couple more
stories and then we'll probably open up the Skype line
for a brief bit but I am
kind of dragging here towards the end. So
a couple more stories here Loki. Take it away.
And once again just as I mentioned
when we were talking to Bobby.
Microsoft slowly has been chipping
away at PlayStation as far as
the things it does for
you know it's community
and like supporting
things that people want like backwards compatibility
or different audio
modes you know for Dolby Atmos
or you know 4K
video
playback in you know
4K Blu-rays and stuff like that.
So now to add on top of that
you know they came out with
a new control system specifically
for those with
people with limited mobility.
So this new controller
looks really strange
but you know with it
they have different add-ons that you can
add to allow for all sorts of
different options for mobility.
So for example if
you know you can add giant buttons
you can customize
it with certain you know mouthpieces
if you can only use your mouth to
move stuff or
I mean they just have so many options
to basically map stuff out.
You can remap everything.
It looks pretty
awesome. It's going to be out later this year for $100.
But
I mean just a very
interesting thing to support
you know which
probably not a huge large demographic
of people playing
you know games but it's
important though and the fact that they see
that it's important and
you know address it is far
and away better than some other companies.
All right. Yeah I love that
they're like doing this.
I love that this is like a thing that they're putting out there.
I'm all about more accessibility and getting more people
gaming and if that has to be
Xbox's like niche or whatever to
really like you know differentiate it from
what Sony is doing and what others are doing.
Cool. You know I would hope
that maybe they're going to set something that Sony
and Nintendo will want to copy
and I think
I think there have been great advocates
in the gaming industry with companies like
Ablegamer which by the way
is who I use my Amazon smile with.
Just you know a free shout out for Ablegamer
because I think it's great what they're doing is that they do
advocate and they do kind of like remind people
because you know I don't want to give Sony
shit or Nintendo's shit either because I feel like
we're more aware of those type of things now
because like you know Sony the fact that you can
in the PlayStation 4 operating system you
can like natively do whatever button swap you want
so games don't have to put it in themselves
like that's a step that's progress that lets a few
more be able to do something they couldn't before
but this this whole device that Microsoft's
doing really takes it one step further.
I think it would be even more awesome if this thing
were universal and you could use it on any system
I realize that gets into a little bit
crazy fan went territory but I mean
yeah to be fair it is a Microsoft
controller and Microsoft
controllers yeah are usually compatible with PC
so I mean that's
still pretty good. Yeah that is very good.
Sorry that doesn't support
Sony systems oh well yeah
too bad. Do you see yourself
picking one up I mean I guess there's no
there's not really a reason for you or me to
own this and I hope you know again
to shout out
Bobby a little bit because the reality is I know you
podcasters some of you may listen some of
you may not but for our live folks
they always you know almost always if they're
here early enough they hear him for an hour before
we're on so he kind of got into this a little
bit talking about you know he doesn't and Bobby
if I misquote you feel free to correct me as you would
anyway but like when it comes to speed
running and things you wouldn't want somebody to be
like look I can speed run a game because I use this
controller you don't want this to like be a thing
that's like you
know like oh it's a cool new thing
to use this controller because it lets you do games faster
it lets you like exploit things or whatever
I don't think that would be the case I
would hope not either but you know
it's a little different
when somebody wants to say
use the dance pad
to play Mario Brothers
or something which yes you could do because GameCube
had a DDR game you know it's a little different
from the like crazy crossovers
but something like this that's really for accessibility
kind of hopefully sort of like
stays
as something for
that audience to really be able to use
for them and celebrate you know what I mean
so alright
let's see SheHulk
in chat says the elite controller makes
gaming much easier a definite
advantage you know I
always forget about those elite controllers but they are
they are something they are very nice pieces
of hardware I mean I haven't dropped the
money on one because I just don't do quite enough
Xbox gaming but the
more and more PC gaming I do the more
I think about picking one up and using the Bluetooth to
use PC too so yeah
for sure anyway
last but not least
more rumors this is
about Pokemon I want to ask what you guys think
so apparently
the big Pokemon for Nintendo Switch
some information is coming out about it
and it's coming from the
Emily Rogers camp which you know she's
she's had a lot of you know predictions that have
come true so I mean take it with
a grain of salt as you would any rumor but what
would you guys think if this was true
Pokemon let's go
Pikachu and Pokemon let's go
Eevee so it's not really Gen 8
so I mean this is where this does
kind of make sense to me because we've heard conflicting
rumors about a Gen 1 reboot
and that no the Switch
Pokemon is going to be Gen 8
so maybe instead
of the full fledged Pokemon game
being this year maybe that is next year
which would make sense too because the time
between generations is usually a good 3
4 years you know it hasn't been that long
yet since Sun and Moon so maybe
we're getting a spinoff game
a la Pokemon Pinball
a la Pokemon Mystery Dungeon
to kind of like hold us over this year
and give us a Pokemon experience on the
Switch and it sounds like it could
be this in the Pokemon let's
go and that would be what would come
out and it sounds like it may have some ties
into Pokemon Go it sounds like
these games and correct me if I'm wrong guys it sounds like
these games might be like some type of
like single player couch playing
Pokemon Go-esque experience
is what it sounds like can you imagine though
because I know that these are all cartridge based
so could we in fact have
like a device
that's larger than a game cartridge
to fit in there that may have like
GPS built into it or something like that I
don't think it's literally Pokemon Go
because that's what Pokemon Go is so
I think that this would be something where
well I mean you could
here's the thing Loki
it could be an ingenious use
of the Nintendo app to be
able to use your GPS from your phone
to geolocate you but like
are we really going to put Nintendo and
app development and are we going to give
them that much credit that they know how to do that?
I'm in the middle of the ocean
I'm not the big hater you are and I'm not going to give them
that much credit but you know I could
see some type of like single player
experience built around the
concept of Pokemon Go
maybe
where it's a little more action based
maybe and maybe they
tie the raids into it somehow and you know
a little bit of that it's not maybe the same
classic JRPG experience I mean
it would be a spinoff game
Pokemon spinoff games are often
notable as well right Pokemon
Snap that was a
that was a rad game we love that Pokemon Snap
the Mystery Dungeon games not bad
I love the pinball games those pinball games are pretty sweet
so like there's no shame in being a
Pokemon spinoff game as long as it's you know
a fun spinoff game. I see the price that Pokemon Snap hasn't come back
yet with all the selfie
type you know social media
stuff I would think that
that'd be all people would be all over that
crap yeah for sure
so there you go that's the latest rumor
but honestly guys just wait
until E3 they'll
tell you what's coming at E3
alright let's open up the Sky Flight
I'm going to open this up real quick because I'm kind of dragging
here at the end of the day Orange Laundrio
all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call
Loki I know there were some stories that didn't
make the cut tonight did you want to address any of them now
sure let me
jump in there real fast
sorry to spring that on you
but you should be used to it now
I should be you would think I'd be ready
Orange Laundrio on Skype if you want to
give us a call
so let's talk a little bit about sales numbers
Gran Turismo sold 80 million
copies or they've hit their milestone
there I know I saw
Grand Theft Auto 5 actually
hit a pretty large milestone of
95 million copies sold
so that's pretty ridiculous
this is kind of cool so you may
remember there's that whole homebrew or
hacker thing that you can
basically mod the Switch now
so someone has actually taken the interface
or something that looks very similar to the interface
of the SNES mini
and put it on the Switch I'm so sorry Loki
to interrupt but can I just say on going back
a little bit because I wanted to pull this up because I was curious
how does that sales number for Grand Theft Auto 5
compare to other video games
that is more than Wii Sports at this point
Wii Sports was number 3 now Grand Theft
Auto 5 is number 3 it still
has not outpaced Minecraft
and the number 1 best selling game
ever with 177 million units
Tetris not too
surprising there some other ones
that kind of surprised me I did not realize PUBG
is already 40 million
that's crazy
Mario Kart Wii also did very well
37 million a lot of those Wii games
really high up on the list Pokemon Red and
Blue at number 9 you can check out the whole list over on
Wikipedia I know I'm using Wikipedia
as a source but I figure hey they've got
to source it to get it on wiki
so for the most part
you would assume yeah if I went over there
and it's like President Cat is the third best
selling game of all time I'd be like okay maybe not
maybe somebody went in here and
talked with a wiki anyway
Loki I'm sorry to cut you off
I wanted to get that out there
yeah so there was that cool
mod that someone's working on an emulator
that's basically a virtual console though for
the Switch so I'm
down with that
and then apparently there's some sort of thing
going on for
Street Fighter 5 where they're basically
doing a tie in with
Power Rangers
so that's going to be interesting
um
I know they've got some Power Rangers
Legacy Wars it's a mobile game
and so I don't know
they're going to have like Street Fighter
characters in there as well I mean that's pretty cool
ah neat
so let's see what that is all about
um
what else
let's see
I don't know
that's pretty much it I think
there isn't a whole lot else for the week
um
Taiko no Tatsujin
there are Switch versions coming out
um in Japan they're also going to be doing
a controller from Hori
um so that's kind of cool
they're going to have 20 party games in there
and let's see when that's
expected to be out here
so there's the money sale
besides the load here
come on
you can do it
ah
never mind
alright that's alright
oh we have one call wow I was just about to close it
and then it lit up so why not
I don't see this name popping on skype an awful lot
but let's see how you're on Orange Sounds Radio who's this
hi this is JD
hey I don't see you on skype an awful lot even though we get you in studio once in a while
but it's good to hear from you what's up buddy
um so one of the stories
I saw this week was Ariana Grande
did a lobbo
promotion doing um
no tears left to cry
all lobbo instruments
you know what I appreciate you bringing that up
you're right that's a pretty big deal
Ariana Grande she's kind of a big deal
I don't know if you know her
but uh yeah she's kind of a big deal a pop star
so for her to be doing this lobbo
thing is kind of like
those 3DS commercials with Beyonce
but I would put that at number one because Beyonce
is like untouchable
but Ariana Grande like that's
pretty solid that's like Nintendo's second biggest
grab ever probably
right I mean we already know Ariana Grande
is a gamer queen because of the Final Fantasy thing
oh yeah Final Fantasy gamer queen
absolutely
so my hope is
they were playing a bunch of musical instruments
that were all lobbo things
I'm hoping that they will
release a all musical instrument
lobbo bundle instead of variety
pack that includes a piano that I'm only
gonna want the piano out of
I must confess I didn't see the commercial
I just saw some of the screenshots on Twitter
I didn't realize it was a commercial
I know that they did something I thought
on the late what was it with Seth
Myers or not Seth Myers
Jimmy Fallon that's right
they did their thing
was there instruments
in there that we haven't seen yet
indicating that there's more to come
I feel like yes they had like
a drum set and it wasn't just
all pianos and as far as I know the only one that's
been released is pianos
a lot of it looked like they were hacked from other things
they had taken some of the parts from
the robot set you know what I really
would not be surprised I mean labo seems
to be doing well it was sold out at target
like and it's I don't I saw it on
shelf I've seen it around yeah
but I feel like it's doing well they had it marked down
at Fry's they had the
robot kit marked down that's what I saw today
Fry's anyway
cause I got new mics
that I never bothered to hook up but anyway
so yeah labo I feel like
is doing well so I mean it would make sense that
it's probably going to be a volume 3 and a volume 4
and that musical instruments are
probably one of those upcoming things
right someone else posted
a link about the Game of Thrones
composer playing the theme
on labo like the labo piano
so like clearly
at least somebody in Nintendo's marketing
department is trying to make this happen
yeah no I would say you know labo
it feels like from a pop
culture standpoint labo's
kind of breaking through a little bit so I feel
like look we're
seeing this in a way we didn't see the Wii vitality
sensor okay so I feel like
this is something that's probably going to be around for a little bit
I hope so
did you ever buy labo did you ever
actually pick it up? no I didn't I just
decided that there was
I mean the signal to noise ratio wasn't great
for me I was like if I only want one of the five
things I'll wait until it's either
available separately or just not
get it I'm kind of with you but if they do
an all music set that is going
to be very tempting with or without the piano
honestly I mean the piano is rad but if they did
like a drum and a guitar
and like this whole set I'd kind of be
into that I think yeah absolutely
yeah all right JD anything else on your mind
tonight? that's it all right I'm gonna let
you go thanks thank you for blessing our
show with Ariana Grande's presence I appreciate it
of course all right bye
all right we'll see
if anybody else gets through at Orange Lawn Trio on
skype anything else you want to get out there Logi? no
no that's the
Taeko no Tatujin game is coming out
in July in Japan the control looks
pretty awesome yeah
so all right pretty sweet
well I'm running out of gas you guys I think I'm gonna
close up the skype line for tonight sorry it's a little
bit shorter of a show but you guys know I'm kind of battling
this whole allergy thing which you know
in the years I've been doing this show has never been a problem but here we
are we'll be back next
week to do it all over again Dark Soccer
should be back next week and that'll be exciting
so check that out next Sunday at 6
o'clock pacific 9 o'clock eastern in the
meantime thank you guys so much for downloading Orange Lawn
Trio and supporting the show if you like what you
heard here at Orange Lawn Trio please tell a friend or two
about the show because we are the show where every
gamer has a voice but only if the voices
are actually here to air
so yeah a nice five star review on
iTunes goes an awful long way but word of mouth
is like the absolute best thing you can do
and that brings me to final
thoughts my final thought
tonight is rest and liquids
and hopefully dinner pretty
soon I'm ready to
to take a break
I get a break from my project tomorrow too
so I'm gonna try to play some games and stuff
Loki your final thought
I'm gonna be playing some Grand Theft Auto 5
this week and ironically not online
I'm gonna be playing they have
this new Battle Royale
single player
thing it's a mod that you can
play that looks pretty fun so I'm gonna try that
and maybe
work on you know programming
I did work on some of that this week
alright good good then I want to hear about the progress
next week we're gonna hold you to it
until then happy gaming this week you guys we'll see you in
seven days thanks for spending some time with us here at
Orange Lounge Radio we'll see you next time
you've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of
OLR Studios
to join us for a live show
tune into fognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 pm
pacific 9 pm eastern
the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or
VOG Network but you know
they were all still true
see you next week
thanks for watching
