Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki
Tonight, September 3rd, 2006, Loki brings us new exclusives from the inside, PlayStation 3 gets a new slogan, and an old computer classic makes its way to the Nintendo DS.
Hello everybody and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio. We are that video
game independent podcast dedicated to what gamers really want to know. Video game news,
gamer culture, the gamer lifestyle. It's all right here and I'm here to help you through
that. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky and also here to help us out. Say
Say hello to Loki, Techmaster.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm okay.
All right, good.
Dark Sakura is not here tonight.
She is celebrating her anniversary this weekend.
They got married on September 1st, so a big congratulations and happy first wedding anniversary
wishes to Dark Sakura and Dan the man, her husband.
Filling in tonight, say hello to an old Orange Lounge Radio favorite, Miklotov.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm fine.
All right, sounds good.
Well let's not waste a moment here let's get right into how is your gaming week and we're
going to start it off with Loki tonight to tell us about his gaming week when the games
he's been playing and what he likes what he hates I've been playing well lots of Saints
Row because that game is awesome I tried a little bit of the online and I think it's
I don't know the games that I played were very laggy to the point where they're pretty
much unplayable it's gonna be fun though when they get whatever that you know what's wrong
if it worked out. But in the meantime, I don't know, it's okay. I did discover that there
are cheat codes in the game. Granted, cheat codes you can't get achievements for, but
it's fun during lunch hours, you know, and having infinite rockets. So I've been keeping
myself very occupied with that and it's pretty cool driving around like in a big ring and
stuff and killing cops and people and just general mayhem. And then other than that,
I did try a little bit more of Rumble Rose's XX, and I really don't like that game, but
I have dedicated myself to decide to finish and play it before I saw it back, because
you know, there's unachieved achievement points there that I have to get.
Yeah, except they're kind of hard to get in that game, because that game's not very forgiving.
It's tough.
Yeah, it's pretty tough.
Well, like I tried to finish, I played more Blazing Angels this week, I tried to finish,
you know, the arcade mode.
It's just too damn boring.
I mean, granted you can beat the game by using the cheat codes, you can play through the
game and have god mode and heavy damaging weapons.
But it takes like 6 hours to go through the arcade mode because you have to fight 3 waves
of 12 planes.
And you have to do that for each plane that's in your collection, which there's 32 of them.
And it takes a very long time.
It's not that it's impossible, it's just so fucking boring.
Be honest, I don't know why they put that even in there.
arcade mode is almost the same as this like mini campaign mode that they have
it's just dumb it's a really really dumb game i'm sorry but it is and i do not recommend it for the
playstation 3 or the wii when it comes out no matter how you know how anxious you might be
but the tooth control oh great it'll be hard to control and boring no it really is but the wii nunchucks
It really is a boring game. I mean, I've played through the whole campaign
I finally got s rankings on everything and it is boring almost all the campaigns are exactly the same
There were a couple that were pretty cool
There was some that you're in a flying fortress and actually working, you know
The rotating guns on there that was a cool mission and I wish there was more of it in the game
But there's not there's only that one level and that's it. So oh well, but it's a crappy game now
I have to introduce our always present fourth guest and that is the chat room and if you're listening live on this Sunday night head
on over to www.orange lounge radio.com and click on chat and
Let's see. It was Jeremy Todd one in chat said wait. He was complaining about it being boring if it's boring
Why would you do god mode it would make it even more boring?
Why because I want to get the game over as quick as possible because it is so boring
You know basically the whole game
requires you to chase after these planes and you have to end up looping around
shooting them looping around shooting them again imagine that for like oh
trust me the missions are long enough as it is I do not want to make them any
longer so I'm almost done the game I this is my last achievement I just need
to get done then I'll be done with this game I can sell it back and then play
more Ridge Racer and I loved you know it's it's a fun game and I really wish
there Ridge Racer 7 was coming out on the 360 but it's not and you know sadly
Sadly enough, I saw the screenshots for Ridge Racer 7 and it makes me want to get a PS3.
Fuck you Ridge Racer.
No wonder there's a lot of Ridge Racer love from Sony.
It could sell some systems there.
So think about that next time you tell some Ridge Racer jokes, it really does sell systems.
It's really sad because seeing some of these screenshots of, not necessarily the first
party stuff that they showed at E3, but Ridge Racer 7 and fighting at round 3, it actually
looks pretty good I mean I don't know I'd have to see it in you know actually
being played but uh we'll see so that's pretty much oh and of course as usual
the Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories we've been playing we actually
did some races and they actually have a racing and stuff and that's pretty fun
which I should point out you always have something new to complain about that
game yet you can't stop playing it I can't help it I'm addicted all right and
we will be we'll be playing Grand Theft Auto Vice City stories despite the fact
that we know that they probably changed nothing in the multiplayer and if anything it probably
got worse. Alright. Miklotov, how was your gaming week?
What kind of games have you been playing? I actually picked up two games this week.
Enchanted Arms and Star Fox DS. And I've played Star Fox DS one time since I've had it and
it was only for multiplayer which kinda sucks. Really? I would have thought that it would
have been like the reason why that game sells as well as it's doing is
because of multiplayer. If it weren't really boring I'm sure it would be a
really good multiplayer game but it kind of sucks a lot and maybe if you had more
than three people like we had playing you can play up to six um that can make
it fun but enchanted arms is really cool and I enjoy playing that and I've been
playing Final Fantasy, leveling Blue Mage.
In Final Fantasy XI, specifically?
Yes, like there are any other ones. The rest of them are stupid.
Well, there's a new one called Final Fantasy XII that a lot of people are really excited
about that is out there.
You know what? I don't care. That's not a real Final Fantasy game.
Well, technically, yes it is actually a real Final Fantasy game.
Not in my world!
Some would complain that it's actually more of a Final Fantasy game than XI was.
There's chocobos and red mages and blue mages and black mages and white mages and whatever
else and it's way more fun.
And red hearts and green clovers and purple horseshoes.
And blue moons.
They're cool.
They taste good.
Lucky charms.
I want some lucky charms now.
That's it.
I don't do anything else besides work.
Anything exciting that you've been playing at work lately?
For those that are new to the program, Miklotov happens to work for Konami, but he comes
You'd be surprised he comes on this show not as a employee though
But as a gamer and a longtime friend of the show, we've known him since before he was working there. So yeah
I'm just kidding. Obviously you can't talk about what you're playing. Yeah, not really. Oh, I can tell you I'm playing at work enchanted
Wait a minute that was by Ubisoft. Well, I heard the cutest. It's on my TV a lot
So I guess I'm playing it
I heard a really funny name for them newbie soft was what I heard. Somebody called him this week
And I thought that was really funny for some reason. This is why I don't know made me laugh. I like
You too. Well, as ever didn't they do one
That DDR urban game flows here. Yeah flow is kind of cool. I played it. It wasn't that bad
It was not a great game, but it's way better than like I don't know in the groove
Except for a couple songs Sephiroth 1215. What do you think of this comment in our chat room?
I ignored it, is what I thought about it.
No, I have to read it here, Final Fantasy XI should have been called Final Fantasy Online and not by a number.
I actually said that when the game first came out.
As much as I love Final Fantasy XI, I actually agree.
Yeah, probably, but you know what, it's got a number after it, so...
I'll tell you what though.
I'll just have to cope.
When you play XII, XI fits into the series more.
Because the battle system in XII feels like XI merged with the old ones.
It's hard to explain, you just have to play it.
Pick up Dragon Quest VIII and play the demo. I mean, seriously, Dragon Quest VIII is like
twenty bucks now?
Seriously, if you are a role-playing fan at any
level, I mean, if you hate role-playing games, Dragon Quest VIII is gonna change your mind,
but if you like role-playing games of any notion,
you gotta play Dragon Quest VIII. You must.
In response to Jeremy Todd's
comment about how it's ironic that a couple weeks ago I said I wasn't a gamer,
I'm still not. I'm just, you know, I've got a bad addiction,
and so,
you know, I need help.
And that's it Jeremy tell one in chat is also point boy
You'd think he's the only one in chat with how much we're quoting him tonight
He's saying that Ubisoft is also making Assassin's Creed which was some news this week because you know
It's coming out to the 360 shock and awe we all knew that well that that was like totally unexpected
Yeah, but it never came out of nowhere. Yeah
Let's see my gaming week, okay
I'm kind of glad dark soccer is not here tonight
And it's just Loki because I can take on Loki but dark soccer will make me feel like poop if she was here I
I rejoined Final Fantasy 11, and I realize what I said on last week's show, but
you don't understand the convincing power that Miklotov has over people.
I am an enabler. I'm really, really good at that stuff.
Can you help me understand it? What is so freaking great about Final Fantasy 11?
Why should more people be playing it?
Um, did you not see my cute little chocobo?
He's so awesome! Because it's cute? Yeah, it's cute, and um...
This is why you guys buy max too. I think I think one of our link shell buddies today put it best though
He said something about he we were all looking at the total time spent in the game and you know jazz. He's up to
198 days
Yeah, he's crazy
He says probably a quarter of that has been spent looking for party and that is the downside to Final Fantasy 11 big time
You have to have a good link shell so that you have a chat room. Yeah, keep you busy
I mean honestly I missed a lot of the people in the chat room on
Chat room the link shell on Final Fantasy 11
so I mean that's a good reason to come back and the fact that I was playing again is a good reason to come back and
You know that doing all that crap last night to get you those quests was really fun, too
Yeah, we did all the new job quests. I got blue mage Corsair and puppeteer all in one night
It was actually kind of fun. I will say this about the game though. They up the graphics on Xbox 360 like they up the resolution
it's a slight change you may not even notice it but I did and I think it did
make the game look a little better still kind of hard to read the text still
takes forever to get logged into the game but you know for the most part I'm
having a good time it is because of the other people to play it and if you are
playing it I would not be back and doings fun isn't it what we've been
doing yeah it's fun it's quick I like playing Corsair because I get to gamble
all day and I get my hit things with blue stuff now for all okay all the
chat room is coming to Jamie's defense and calling me addict and yelling at me
calling me a traitor and everything, look
A. I will still be going to Phantasy Star Universe when that comes out so
Final Fantasy XI can kiss my butt while I go play Phantasy Star Universe for a while
B. Did you hear me complain the forty times she went back to Ragnarok online?
Don't think so. She quit and went back to WoW as well so you know what we all have
our things
So, suck it. I don't care what you people think. I will game however I want.
Other games I've been playing this week. Another game that I bought that a lot of
people have been going, why would you buy that? Time Pilot
on Xbox Live Arcade. Now look, this was one of my favorite 80's games.
Like, it was kinda like my cultish game that I really liked. That and Gyruss.
I know they're both Konami games just by coincidence. Those are like the shooters that I absolutely love.
So, I was really excited to see Time Pilot was coming out the Xbox 360.
It's cool that you can play with original graphics as well as enhanced.
The enhanced graphics aren't exactly going to, you know, rock your world by any means.
It's probably Super Nintendo level graphics, but I mean, I guess it's kind of nice to have
them.
Otherwise, the game has super easy achievements.
I probably got about eight achievements the first time I played through the game, but
maybe that's just because I played it before, so I kind of, you know, was already decent
at it.
So I don't think there's going to be a lot here that's going to win a person over.
I mean, it's five dollars.
It's not that expensive.
I would say check out the demo.
If you like those Geometry Wars-ish shooting games and you want another easy to pick up
shooter, or you're an Achievement Points horror, I think Time Pilot's pretty decent.
I think it's worth a look.
I think the game that they're putting out next week though, Scramble, I think I'm gonna
totally pass on that one.
That was not a Konami game I remember by any means.
I think Gradius should have been the one we were getting instead, but that's just me.
Maybe they're waiting on that one, I don't know.
Whatever.
And then the other game I played this week was Enchanted Arms.
I didn't like the game at first.
Well, it's not that I didn't like it, I thought it was just like a real average RPG
and I was kind of like, okay, am I only liking this because it's the first real next-gen Japanese RPG we're getting?
I don't count Oblivion, you guys, that's more of a PC-based RPG.
More of an American RPG.
I don't count Final Fantasy XI because that's not really a next-gen RPG.
Yeah, and it's an MMO, so this is really the first Japanese-style RPG we're getting on the Xbox 360.
and because of that the graphics are gorgeous in a lot of places in the game
I don't think it's as good as it could be but I think a lot of the cut scenes
are really really good I think a lot of the battle though looks like PlayStation 2
and some of the graphic stuff annoys me like if you use big
characters in your party sometimes it blocks other characters you can't even
see them
some very basic camera controls could've been put into battle to make it a lot
easier to see. The English voice acting
some of it is just downright god awful
some of it is really, really bad. But at least they have the Japanese track in there.
Exactly, so that's the silver lining is that they left the original
Japanese track in there for you to use.
I have been listening to the English voice acting just because I was, you know,
I wanted to
basically review it for the show, but I will probably switch over to
Japanese voice acting a little later on. Otherwise the game itself,
I wouldn't say it's the greatest RPG
or it's even as good as a Final Fantasy style game, but it's
It's decent. It's pretty good. I think if you like these types of role-playing games,
you're going to like this. The battle system is a little weird. It's half-tactical. Basically,
you move around a 12-square grid and put in your attacks, and you kind of have to think
about where your characters are positioned might make it easier for the enemy to attack
you. So it's somewhat tactical, but still old-fashioned style as well. There's a lot
of customization ability. It kind of has a Pokemon-ish element in it, because there's
There's a hundred different golem creatures you can use.
The story started off very cliche, and it's still a little bit cliche as far as Japanese
RPGs go, but it's getting better.
I find that if you stay with the game, up until about, there's a major event that happens
about two hours into the game that has a really gorgeous cutscene with it, and I think the
game gets a lot better after that point.
I wanted to ask this, though, because I am a gay gamer, and Miglotov, I know you are
too.
getting a lot of talk because it has a gay character in it named Makoto and
Makoto is very let's say flamboyant imagine Carson the blonde guy from Queer Eye
who's like a bard character he plays a sax or something and he talks like this
he talks like James from Pokemon if you've ever watched that show and I'm
like wow doesn't yes he does he totally has a voice if anything he talks more
like Xander from drawn together okay well what do you think of this do you
think it's a good thing for gay gamers do you think it sets us back two years
what do you think it's a bad thing but but I don't I don't like him but I like
how they're handling it like how him hanging off Toya nobody seems to care in
the game and nobody comments about it so that's pretty cool yeah that's why I
What I kind of like is that I don't like him per se, but I like the fact that in the rest
of the world, it's just viewed as a, you know, oh, it's who he likes.
And like there's a Toya fan club that you run into in the beginning that has like women
in it and then one other guy in it that's just like a minor character.
You know, they just kind of like that it's just whatever.
You know, it's not one way or the other.
But I think it's very interesting and a very risky thing to do in an Xbox 360 game because,
you know, you think of the typical stereotypical Xbox audience, you know, Madden 07 and all
that stuff and I think it would be very shocking and I can imagine a lot of
people going ew ew ew gross but I think they need that I think they need that I
don't know but I think it's kind of neat so it's it's a step in the right
direction even if the character was done a little over-the-top to put it lightly
I think it's a good thing overall and can I do a spoiler no jerk all right
Blaze in our chat room says that's how the world should be. I agree. So you know
maybe it's a utopia view of the world. I don't know. But anyway, those are the
games I've been playing this week. I do kind of recommend Enchanted Arms.
I think if you're into Japanese RPGs and you own an Xbox 360, you really should
take a look at this game. But if you haven't really played these types of
games before, I don't think this is the one that's gonna win you over. But I
think this is a good one to appease fans of Japanese RPGs. Alright, let's get
Let's get into some housekeeping news tonight.
First off, I know some of you folks might be listening tonight for the DDR Power Previews
which we were promoting, and if you've noticed on Orangelauntrader.com, we were requested
earlier this week by Konami to suspend that for the time being.
Some things are going on behind the scenes where they just weren't ready for us to do
that.
So we're hoping that, and I don't know why, there's a million reasons we can theorize,
but long story short, it's just not happening tonight.
The good news is it does look like we will be getting to debut some type of new tracks
from UltraMix 4 and Universe.
Konami of Hawaii has been really good in working with us.
I think we will have something possibly as soon as next week, so keep your eyes peeled
on the website.
I do think it's going to happen in one form or another, and you will hear new songs that
you have not heard yet here on Orange Lounge Radio and over on AllGames.com, so just stay
tuned to the website.
I apologize for anyone that was tuning in, ready to hear it tonight.
things happen it's beyond our control I especially feel bad for any folks
because I know it got picked up on a bunch of Japanese game news sites and
they may not have gotten the translation from the latest news tonight so no DDR
power previews tonight again apologies hopefully it will happen next week
Konami asked us to not do it it's beyond our control sorry so stay tuned the site
other housekeeping news it is a three-day weekend and if you've been in
in our chat room tonight, you'll know that Loki and myself have started the drinking
tonight.
Now, a few things I want to say about drunk shows.
A, we do this because we can, because people out there say, oh, professionals shouldn't
drink while we're on the job.
Well, we're not professionals, and we're perfectly fine with that, so shove it.
And the other thing is that people say, wait a minute, Rob, aren't you being a little bit
of a hypocrite, because last week you were saying, you were criticizing those folks that
had gone to the press event and were drinking at the press event.
Well, there's a big difference here, you see.
That's because they were drinking in someone else's house.
If we were guests on, let's say, Scott's show, Bobby's show, whatever podcast they
want to have us on.
Loke, do you think we'd go on their show drunk?
No, unless they were doing it.
No, unless they asked us to, but really, we would probably not do that.
We would have the respect to be our professional self, but while we're in our own house,
we can do whatever we want.
So that's the difference.
If you want to call us a hypocrite after hearing that, whatever, I don't care.
The other thing I want to say is that, again, please, if you do drink, drink responsibly.
Loki and I, Loki has other transportation.
The wife is here.
He will not be driving.
I live here at the studio, so I will not be driving.
Miklotov is here to babysit.
He's not drinking either.
No.
And actually, Loki's wife has told him that if he throws up at all tonight, he will be
spending the night in my bed.
It would be a little weird.
I do not want to see throw up tonight, so please don't.
We'll be fine.
We'll take it easy.
Yeah, exactly.
it kinda after the whole bachelor party thing, it's made me
it's made it hard for me to drink actually just because
I'm such in that mental mindset now where it's gross to even drink
it was hard enough to start drinking orange juice again
cause you know all I drink you know for those who don't know is screwdrivers
except tonight I've actually switched with Rob he's drinking screwdrivers and I'm
drinking some watermelon thing
even that is pretty tough
for me to drink and it's just like all mental right now so I'm not trying to
overdo it at all. In fact, I'm pretty sure I'm probably not going to get too drunk tonight,
so whatever. I just don't have a salt shaker around me to be able to down them super fast
like I used to.
Alright, so you know, you folks at home, if you're under 21, you shouldn't be drinking.
Don't drink alone, because when you drink alone for fun, that might be a sign of a problem.
I don't know. There's a difference between one glass of wine and other stuff, but I've
I've just known people who've had a problem in my past and it's not an easy thing to do.
The other thing I was thinking about bringing over but I didn't, I was going to get drunk
off a kosher wine.
Which would have been funny.
That would have been funny.
Alright, anyway, let's get into some gaming news, shall we?
Yes, we shall.
And we have some exclusives tonight, right Loki?
We have lots of stuff.
Awesome.
What happened?
How did you land so many exclusives this week?
Well once a year, actually we started this last year, we have the game publishers out
to basically give us their rundown of the fourth quarter.
It's quite brief usually, but it is a two day event and we have like a party the night
before where they get all drunk and stuff.
That's always fun.
And then we do these kind of like 15 minute sales meetings and each person talks to us
about what's coming out and we get to ask them questions and they get to tell us stuff
that may not be common knowledge.
So starting things off here, which is actually kind of cool.
This year for the first time we had Nintendo come out.
So obviously the question on everyone's mind, when the hell is the week coming out?
When is this coming out?
And to be honest, the guy was very tight-lipped about it, except for a few things.
It is most definitely going to be announced on the 14th.
He said it's actually going to be announced in Japan as well at the same time, which is
kind of funny because the news story came out afterwards about that same...
I was going to say it lines up with a story that came out later this week that said they're
going to have multi-regional press events, so that makes sense.
So he has confirmed though it is going to be a November launch.
He said 100% November launch.
This is based on his knowledge and what he knows so far.
So ouch.
So the October 18th date that we were so certain of just got shot down this week.
What went wrong?
Why were we wrong on October 18th?
We were wrong because the launch right now, he doesn't know exactly when it is.
It's November, but they're trying to time it either two weeks before the PS3 launch
or a week after.
because they don't want their thunder being stolen by Sony.
The thing is...
So wait, you're telling me Nintendo themselves doesn't even know when they're launching
this system as of yet?
Well, he hasn't been told the final date yet.
The reason why is they're waiting on the amount of units that they have in production.
They're making sure that they have enough to launch because they're doing a worldwide
launch, and that's pretty much it, but it will not delay the launch past Thanksgiving.
So it will be before, you know, that gives you a pretty good range there of when it's
going to be.
So if Nintendo themselves doesn't even know the launch date, or at least maybe a very
very few select people know it at this point inside Nintendo, would it be safe to say that
any story you have read on the internet about launch date today is bullshit, including the
one we ran?
Yeah.
Okay.
And mine, remember mine was just purely speculation because of the anniversary and all that stuff.
But that would make sense because if Nintendo themselves has kind of not really known the
date they wanted to do based on units, which would explain why they didn't do anything
at E3.
And you know what?
The whole thing could be a ruse.
The whole thing could be a ruse.
They could go, you know what?
We're launching in two weeks, you know, after the whole press event.
So it's possible this guy at your event was just yanking your chain with the whole thing.
I don't think he's yanking my chain.
I think this is actually what he knows, and to be honest, I would think that they're not
launching in November.
It makes sense because, you know, you want to make sure you have the most units so you
can sell as much as possible so you don't run into the shortages.
Some interesting stuff though, they are spending 30 million dollars in marketing this thing.
That's twice as much as the GameCube.
So it's definitely going to be out there.
They're not going to have in-store kiosks.
The reason why they're not is because of the setup issues with this thing.
Because it has that sensor bar, it would make it very difficult for them to be able to set
up and they want to make sure that they have people viewing it in the correct way.
So wait a minute, I distinctly remember seeing a story on Digg earlier this week that were
mockups of a Playstation 3 and a Wii kiosk.
Bullshit, you're saying.
Based on what you heard here it's bullshit.
According to what he knew it's bullshit but I think, I really do think that they are,
they've got to have in-store kiosks but I don't know.
You know the other thing too?
That kiosk could have been mockup for a convention kiosk or something like that.
Because they have you know their kiosks at conventions and stuff like that.
I'm sure they're gonna have something in store.
I don't know why they wouldn't but according to him they're not because it'd be hard
for them to set up.
think that they will, but whatever. There is one interesting thing. They're going the
Xbox route with the DVD player in it. It's going to be an add-on and not included in
the box. So you've got to get this extra dongle or whatever to put on it to be able to play
DVDs. But, his thought on it was, who doesn't own a DVD player by now? I mean, seriously.
Everybody owns a DVD player. It's not a big deal. So, that's kind of neat.
Moving on from Nintendo a little bit to Midway and this was kind of interesting.
Wait, has that DVD player rumor been announced anywhere?
I don't know.
Interesting.
Here is something interesting from Midway and I asked them twice when I heard this.
Blitz the League for the Wii is not coming out.
Not coming, not happening, definitely not at launch.
It is cancelled as far as they are concerned.
So not happening.
They are basically concerned with launching Rampage.
Rampage, I guess, is going to be their big title for, I don't know, the launch, which
is kind of stupid because Rampage really sucked as a game.
But anyways, kind of moving on here, our friends at Activision, we're talking to them, and
this is actually, I saw the story, you know, about Guitar Hero 2, the bundle will be coming
with a red guitar controller, which is kind of cool.
They said the next Guitar Hero after 2 will be for the 360, which is pretty sweet.
They're also saying according to what they've heard about the PlayStation 3 online service,
it will not be free, which is also interesting.
Now speaking with Konami, they were saying that Castlevania Portrait of Ruin is actually
delayed until early December, which is interesting.
Also and I have asked him twice about this because this didn't make sense and I don't
know Shane if you know anything about this he said that for universe all the
song packs from Ultramix the Ultramix series will be transferable to
universe I never heard that yeah that was interesting because I asked I'm like
are you sure how would that be possible exactly that didn't make any sense to me
I'm thinking this guy might have been confusing Ultramix for it because that
would make sense but I like maybe Ultramix for in universe have the same
song packs or something. Maybe. Maybe they're gonna have the same sound packs later on.
But I asked them again, I'm like, are you sure? I'm like, that seemed a little weird.
He said, yes, universe will be able to play the song packs from UltraMix. I'm like, okay,
so take that with a grain of salt. Okay, DarkTisker brings up a good point in chat room. UltraMix
1-4 aren't on the backward compatibility list, so how would that work? I don't know. Unless
plan on re-releasing the song packs or something?
Huh.
I don't see.
Anyways, um, let's see here.
According to Sega, Phantasy Star Universe, on the 360 there will be no charge for the
online service, which is pretty good.
There will be a charge, a monthly fee for Playstation 2 and PC users, so that kinda
sucks for them.
almost be worth it for me to get a 360 again, just to get PSU with no monthly charge.
Sonic the Secret of the Rings, or you might remember Sonic Wildfire, not a launch title
for the Wii. Coming March 2007, so look for that then, there will not be full auto 2 on
the Xbox 360 at all. Not later, not ever. Because the first one didn't sell very well,
so they're not bringing it back.
I wonder why they think that it will sell well on the PS3.
Well, they're not sure, they're just trying a different audience, so that's really what
it is.
This is really weird because in the scope of about five minutes, you've contradicted
about seven different news stories that have ran out there previously.
I know, what can I say?
Okay.
I hope you're right or we're going to look stupid.
So marketing people could be wrong and therefore you're wrong.
Yeah.
So at least we have an out.
These are not marketing people.
These are sales associates.
These are vice presidents of sales and stuff.
So I would assume that they know what they're talking about.
Alright.
Fair enough.
LucasArts, which is awesome, they came out.
The Wii Star Wars game is in development, will not be done until late 2007 or early
2008.
They want to make sure they get it right because they have a rabid fan base of Star Wars fans
and you know, obviously they mix it with rabid Wii fans and they want to make sure they don't
fuck this up. So that's mainly the case. The next gen Star Wars game is going to be coming
in fall of 2007. And also Indiana Jones the next gen game will be released at the same
time as the new movie, which is confirmed in pre-production from them. Let's see here.
I had Vinvetti, they were talking about the Scarface game and one of the funny bits of
trivia from it is that the voice actor that they picked for Tony Montana is actually Al
Al Pacino's driver.
And apparently because Al Pacino can't do Tony's voice anymore due to his age, so apparently
his driver can mimic the character's voice.
Say hello to my little friend.
Now here's some really interesting stuff.
Ubisoft.
GT, that racing game that they announced, it's going to come with a steering wheel add-on
for the Wii.
And this is going to be something that you plug the Wii controller in the middle of it?
Yes you do!
That is hot!
You do not need it to play it, but you do not need it to play the game, but it will
be just something that you can slap the controller into to play it, which I thought that was
very cool.
You know, someone actually thinking about how to use the system.
There is a new Prince of Persia game coming for the PSP.
It's going to be based on the Two Thrones game that was out last fall.
It'll feature multiplayer and new chariot races.
the working title is just Prince of Persia. So they haven't really made an announcement yet.
Now for once that lines up with something I did read on the rest of the internet a couple weeks
ago. That was actually the DS one that you're reading about, I think. Far Crying in the We
looks pretty awesome from what I've seen so far. The pictures look pretty cool, the screenshots, so
that was pretty neat. Koei. Blade Storm the Hundred Years War not coming out at launch,
it's going to be quarter one of 2007 and I guess it is in the launch window, but whatever.
uh... guitar man lives gonna have online play and new songs that's hot
uh... which is not already come out
and you know how it may be in your honor but it's coming up october here
new romance of the three kingdoms game coming on the playstation two quarter
one a quarter to two thousand seven which should be interesting
now the big one
microsoft
no price drops no bundles
whatsoever for three sixty they're not worried because the competition is two
$200 more expensive than them. In fact, they were unaware that Canada, because Canada kind
of operates a little bit independent than the US, Microsoft was doing a bundle until
after it had been announced. And much hate mail was exchanged according to our rep. Gears
of War is coming out November 7th, not November 12th. November 12th is actually emergency,
which is their big marketing push. Wait, that makes absolutely no sense at all. Why would
they have all this huge hype over Emergence Day, Emergence Day, and then you're telling
me the game's coming out five days earlier?
The game is coming out on the 7th because you can't really launch a game on a Wednesday.
That's when everybody's getting in the game is on the 7th.
Now stores, you know, some stores are waiting until the 12th because they're confused on
this Emergence Day thing, but the Emergence Day is when they're gonna be doing all the
big ad pushes, the, you know, their campaigns, they're playing with fame type thing.
Could it be like, cause didn't Halo launch on a Friday?
So could it be like that where maybe the stores are getting it that day but they're not supposed
to sell it until the 12th? No, according to him, they can sell it when they get it. And
this was also kind of ties in with another story that we had earlier about the same thing.
And I can confirm that it's always been the 7th, but I thought it was weird that they
were selling it on a Sunday. This is the best one right here. Halo 3. Now everybody thinks
it's coming out in the fall of 2007. No. March or April of 2007 is the date for Halo
three what that is they said it's ready to roll in March or April so I would
they be sitting on that I don't know but that's are you sure you didn't pull this
out of your ass that I did not pull it out my ass I asked him world we cuz we
asked him about hail three do you have a date on hail three he's all he's all
it's gonna be April March or April of 2007 he's all it's not gonna be the fall
if I was a betting man I'd say it's you know the end of spring so okay but you
know what that doesn't sound like he knew for sure because he says if I was a
betting man I would do did it so I cuz they may why would you launch a game I
don't know April especially before e3 or whatever well here's here's my thought
on it yeah I think even though I know everything the same thing this year but
this makes perfect sense when you think about it this way no I'm not sure about
Microsoft but a lot of game companies the big pushes are either in quarter
4 of 2007 for our quarter 4 of the year for the Christmas push and March because
that's the end of their fiscal year so if you think about it if this game comes
out the end of their fiscal year that looks pretty good numbers wise huh okay
okay just something to think about the 79 99 vision camera bundle that's gonna
coming on is actually replacing 12 month live bundle that's out there right now
so that's gonna be the new 12 month bundle that you're gonna be getting he
I wouldn't mention what three games were in it, but I think that's already been out anyways.
And then finally we have Atari, Alone in the Dark is set for mid-2007, they're not releasing
the game until it's perfect because according to our rep and his words, they've already
ruined enough franchises, and it will be episodic.
Test Drive Unlimited, which is coming out actually next week, will be getting download
packs each month. They're planned up until June of next year so far. The first two packs
will be Lexus cars. There's no word of these cars, they're going to be free, but Lexus
paid a quarter million dollars to get the cars in the game. It says all the download
packs will range from free to $7.99 or the Microsoft equivalent in points. That's all
the big news from our wonderful meetings. You know, Nintendo Maniac 64 has a good point.
came out March it's the end of their fiscal year and that I mean I would
think that they would wait until the fall I mean but then again maybe they
want to make sure that you know people because think about this Microsoft is
doing something big around the PlayStation 3 launch just some sort of
announcement or event what if that announcement is the halos coming out in
March then people that we're gonna buy a PlayStation 3 they're gonna wait until
this game comes out that's that's it
wow so maybe that's just the liquor
talking but that makes a lot of sense
now that you put it that way
I don't know what okay would you say if
November goes by and we still haven't
heard anything that maybe something's up
I think if they're going to announce
anything it's going to be a big it's
going to be a halo 3 announcement me is
going to be huge but I don't know I mean
it makes sense I mean you would because
people are like well there's you know
Gears of War is awesome, but, you know, I really want Halo 3, you know, I might be getting
a PlayStation 3 because Resistance looks pretty good, then I'll announce, oh by the way,
Halo's coming out in a few months, you know, then people are like, okay, well I can wait.
Or I'll buy a 360 now, you know, that kind of thing.
I don't know.
That would be just downright evil, but kind of funny.
Well, didn't they say that they were going to, well they were always saying that they
were going to release Halo 3 on the...
Yeah, but I think then everybody realized realistically that can't happen, if Halo
is going to be really good yeah wow but alright we'll see I mean I don't know
take it with a grain of salt but that that's straight from the mouths of
people they're working for these companies you know turbo punk in chat
pure evil I'd expect no less from micro macro shaft so I don't know it was
interesting we were very excited I tried to get more out of the Microsoft guy but
he kind of wanted to talk about stuff that already come out oh no he's weird
Wow. Lots of juicy tidbits there. We will post all this stuff in that thread that we have going,
the under-the-radar thread, so you'll have that for reference in case this stuff actually...
Or he's wrong. He's downright wrong.
Yeah, whatever, you know.
Alright, well this is coming from salespeople. I mean, yeah, sales?
Salespeople, yeah.
I have those sales.
Alright, well one thing we do know about Xbox Live Arcade is that we have this new game that's going
to be coming out and it's called Space Giraffe. Now usually I'd laugh at a game called Space
Giraffe, but what looks pretty awesome about it is that it looks a lot like Tempest, but
a lot trippy, kind of like how Geometry Wars was. Now I remember seeing a screenshot for
this game that had a lot of really dirty words on it, but I can't seem to find that anymore.
I remember that one, yeah. I don't know if that was photoshopped or what, but...
No. No? That's disgusting.
And exactly what the guy did, Tempest 2000.
Because there were some words in there that actually offended me, and that's hard to do,
So hopefully those aren't actually in the game, but we'll see.
That's kind of interesting.
Yeah, there were some pictures posted on LiveJournal or something like that, so that would be pretty
cool.
I love Tempest 2000.
I think it's one of the biggest sleeper hits that people don't appreciate, and it was like
the reason to own a Jaguar was that game.
So there you have it.
I'd be very happy if a game like this came to Xbox Live Arcade more as it develops.
There was also a story this week talking about the Xbox 360 soccer exclusive deals that they
have going on, talking about how the Xbox 360 is going to be the only place that you're
going to be able to get next gen soccer games, or all next gen soccer games I should say,
because FIFA is going to be on both systems and, or was it, Pro Evolution Soccer 6 or
Winning 11 Pro Evolution Soccer 2007, whatever you want to call it.
Here is something that is very interesting though, that's not true.
According to Konami, who was also at our event this week, spoke to the rep there.
The reason why Pro Evolution Soccer, winning 11, whatever, yeah Pro Evolution Soccer 2007,
the reason it's not coming out on the Playstation 3 at launch is because they haven't got the
final dev kits yet and because the game's not going to be done until March, or actually
as late as May according to him.
So yeah, it's only exclusive because it's not finished.
So I'll take it as you will, but I don't know, hmm, interesting.
Well one, I don't remember them saying anything at the barbecue about it being exclusive or
anything and I would have thought if it was going to be exclusive they would have said
something like that.
So, and it seemed like they were, I mean the game was being ported to DS, what else was
was their PSP, and it seemed like they were porting it to other systems anyway, I mean
sure for the handhelds they'd be downgraded versions, but...
Well, think about it, if they didn't really assign an exclusive deal, and I'm not sure
FIFA's coming out on the PlayStation 3, I would figure it is, but maybe not this year,
I don't know.
If that's the case, then there is no soccer game on the...
Now, wait, okay, hold on a minute here, because the guy from Microsoft at the Germany convention
went out there and said we have both franchises exclusive
so you're saying no according to my rep but then again you know
he may be full of shit I don't know huh
I'm just taking Konami's word for it, what can I say?
interesting okay I don't know it's kinda weird
well here's one game we know is not going to be exclusive to either system
and shouldn't be a shock at all there is a burnout 5 coming
Oh my God!
Really?
No, it doesn't make any sense.
And it's coming to the 360 and the PlayStation 3, who would have thought, sometime in 2007.
Now, Burnout is going to be getting a little bit of a makeover.
It's not just going to be rehash of the old same old Burnout.
Thank you EA.
Now this time Burnout will be more of an open world-ish environment.
Players will be able to go in and out of menus at every intersection, possibly a crash course
by going through any type of intersection.
It's going to be taking place in a town called Paradise City.
Why isn't it coming out for the Wii?
No ideas.
They also say, though, EA says, the most explosive pile-ups in the series history.
It is kind of the first true next-gen burnout.
The other one was just a souped-up, old burnout.
That's not a big surprise there.
It's interesting though, Microsoft Japan is talking about bringing Tokyo Game Show and
Exo 6 home.
It sounds like what they did with E3, how they had a bunch of exclusive video and demos
and stuff, and I really hope they do that because with the region free, those logins
that we have, you can download some pretty cool demos.
But yeah, it should be more of that stuff coming around Tokyo Game Show, which is actually
only in a few weeks, I mean, the 24th of September, so it should be pretty cool.
Can't wait to download some of that.
That should be fun.
Well, we kind of already, I mean, it was in our lineup, although we kind of already ruined
this story, but just in case you haven't heard, it was officially announced that there will
be additional Nintendo conferences held in Japan on September 14th and Europe on September
15th, so put it all together and I think that's when you're getting your Wii release date.
It looks like they're going to launch this huge, as you put it earlier, $30 million marketing
campaign on this day, or days, because of the dateline and all that stuff messing everything
up.
And then, of course, it kind of goes on into the Tokyo Game Show, but it should be noted
Nintendo usually doesn't attend Tokyo Game Show, so this might be their way of kind of
doing it on their own terms of publicity, so not a big surprise.
not a huge surprise. What was a pretty big surprise though was Microsoft released another
backwards compatibility update and there was quite a few titles this time actually. They
even had some pretty good stuff like Burnout 3 and Dead to the Rights right after I sold
back Burnout 3. Thank you Microsoft. Fetal Frame 2, Freaky Flyers if you're into that
game, Gauntlet Seven Sorrows, Sid Meier's Pirates, stuff like that. What was interesting
though, and this is a first for the backwards compatibility updates, is they've actually
made something that was not out yet compatible with the system, including such games as Spy
Hunter Nowhere to Run, which is coming out next week, Lego Star Wars 2 on the Xbox, which
that makes no sense since they're releasing the 360 version anyways, and then later on
in October you've got Spyro, or Legend of Spyro, A New Beginning, which is interesting
that they're actually kind of, you know, forward compatibility, I guess? I don't know.
Well, they also had that whole He-Man game was compatible with the 360, and that never
even came out, so that's really far forward into the future.
Yeah, but what if it's one of those things, remember how, like, you know, and I've used
this comparison on this show before when we talk about why certain games on the 360 are
emulated and why they aren't. You know, I don't think the Xbox team went in there with
the intention of making Barbie compatible, but because they made, say, Ninja Gaiden compatible,
fits the same scheme and you go to old Nintendo emulators, once you make a certain mapper
work, most of the other games that run on that mapper work.
Well here's something interesting.
I was talking actually with Midway about, you know, hey did you guys know that this
game has got to add to the compatibility list today?
They're like, no, I didn't hear that but I'm not surprised and they're like, well we actually
know what engine it's built on, it's built on the LA Rush engine, believe it or not.
So they're talking about maybe, what was kind of interesting, the thing I got from that
is that they might actually make a PSP version of that game, I don't know how well the game
is going to do, but because now that they have Rush coming out of the PSP, I thought
that was interesting.
I have to point out this private message I got in chat from Jeremy Todd once.
That's not very private then.
Well, I guess not, but I don't think he'd mind me sharing.
He linked me to a story on GoNintendo.com, which talks about the demo unit, which we
talked about a little bit ago for the Wii.
And apparently, according to GoNintendo, the picture has turned out to be true due to numerous
sources who have informed me.
The same image shows up in a packet sent out to EB GameStop employees to get them ready
for the unit.
I'm glad to hear that it turned out to be real.
I really like the look of it.
I think the whole...
To be honest, the guy said, you know, street crews were the way they were going to demo
it and not the units.
I mean, I don't know, could I mean like a reduction in the units, or?
I think he was gonna, it was gonna be harder to do than maybe the retail units
just because of the setup that's needed for him. Maybe he was talking about
the promotional marketing stuff, they're not doing demoing units like that, like these are
we know that EB's and Gamestop have the in-store units that
they always have, it's not. And to be honest, to be honest you guys,
he was kinda halfway right on some of the stuff
like for example he was saying that, yeah because the problem is if he's wrong here
then it throws all that other Nintendo stuff into question, you know what I mean? Nothing
against you, you're just reporting what you heard, but, you know...
I know, but, I mean, he was mistaken on a couple things, like, he thought Tokyo Game
Show went on at, you know, September 14th, so...
But then again, he's in the U.S., he doesn't go to Tokyo Game Show, so...
And Nintendo doesn't do Tokyo Game Show, so that would make kind of sense.
So all he's hearing, he assumed Tokyo Game Show because he knows that event's coming
up and he figures, you know, it's right about the time, uh, whatever, you know, so...
But one game that is not going to be backwards compatible, but they're still working on it,
Psychonauts.
It was almost ready to ship, or I guess be in this update, but it didn't make the deadline
and says we continue to work on all games, and that's coming from the backwards compatibility
thing.
So, alright.
Well look, all this news about contradicting stories from Nintendo and games that aren't
still backwards compatible is giving me a headache, or maybe it's just the liquor, I
I don't know cuz I'm on my second screwdriver now after a pretty big first one. That's very strong by the way
I mixed this really wrong. Oh, well. It makes me a little bit angsty, and you know what that means
Time for the F use of the week
Loki why don't you start us off tonight?
F you have
These drinks take like ass
No offense. I mean
but it's kind of like a watermelon thing. Don't make it too strong! Mainly my FU this
week goes to people that do not pay attention on the road and who cannot park. And I swear
to God every time I see someone on a cell phone I know that they're going to be driving
like shit. And you can always tell these people that are veering in and out of lanes, going
slow, can't seem to follow the road at all. And then you drive past them and you see they're
yapping away on the cell phone. Well fuck them. Also these people that fucking do not
take the time to park their cars correctly. You know you get into a parking complex that
doesn't have a lot of parking and then all of a sudden you see oh Jackass is over the
line he's taking up two spaces because his you know fucking you know Yukon or whatever
is too big for a compact space. Well fuck them for trying to park in these goddamn small
spaces anyways to you Rob my fu of the week goes to busyness I've been like
crazy busy with all this stuff going on and I've had like zero free time
especially when it comes to my work life is mostly what I'm talking about here my
work life has just been nuts and F you to having this feeling because this is
how I felt this is kind of a work story F you to folks that like to leave
carrots on the ground and then you kind of hop up to that carrot to take a
little bite and then BAM the net comes out and grabs you F you to feeling like
that do I'm I'm hunting wabbits are you a furry no gross meekletov your turn I
don't have an F you believe well then F you to meekletov F you to me for not
having an FU of this week. How about FU to Megalotov for fucking suckering me back into
Final Fantasy 11 and it's... It's awesome because I... the day that you started you're
like you're not gonna get me to play this I'm like we'll see and and I didn't even have
to coerce you that much and you're just like you wanted to check out how the graphics were
on the 360 update and we couldn't get mine to log in so you had to log in you had to pay
for it and then you just started playing and it was great. I hate you. And I'm the best.
Thanks to Final Fantasy 11. Here's the game. I haven't been playing a lot of on Xbox live this week
But I did get it patched because Street Fighter 2 hyper fighting got a patch earlier this week
And now what they've done to the patch is that now if a person backs out of a game you get a loss
But from what I'm understanding both people get a loss if you back out of the game early
So that's not fair to the person who gets screwed
But I guess you know it discourages people from backing out at all if someone's going to get a loss
So no backing out of the game early, and I think they also address some of those timeout issues and connection things with this patch
Why can't they just have another and reset the leaderboards? Why can't they just have a like?
counter for disconnects
Instead so you can see okay this person disconnected 500 times. Maybe I do not want to play them
I mean come on and it makes sense to me
I don't know what doesn't make sense, but I guess makes sense in the eyes of Microsoft. It's a stupid Toyota Yaris
Game that's coming out apparently. It's gonna be some sort of adver game and has you
Driving I guess the Toyota Yaris, and it's gonna coming to Xbox Live Arcade
My guess it's gonna be free, but of course they haven't said yet. I
Don't know. What do you guys think about you know games like this?
coming out then the kind of advertise car or something like that. Will I get
achievement points for playing it? Yeah, you achievement points for. Well then I think I'll be okay with that.
I think it's stupid. If I'm gonna look at an advertisement, not gonna pay $60 to
look at it, I'm going to go to the TV or to the movies unfortunately. You know
it's bad enough that they fucking have those Yaris fucking movies that are in
their official Xbox magazine. Do I really need to play an online game for that too?
really why I don't know maybe if it was really customizable I'd play it but
probably not it still sounds stupid all right well speculation abounds here on
the internet about Windows Vista and they usually we don't talk about a lot
of you know non gaming news but this is kind of relevant because you know folks
do their gaming's on PC and I know we don't talk enough huh and you also have
Direct X 10, which is going to be fucking awesome for gaming.
Right, and I'm just saying we don't talk a lot about PC games on this show, and I apologize
for that.
It's just we're so busy with consoles.
But we do try to talk about big things in the computer gaming world, and this would
certainly be one of them, even if it is about an operating system, and it's about Windows
Vista.
Now, apparently, Microsoft Canada actually spilled the beans on their website about how
much each tier of Windows Vista is going to cost, and this was converted to U.S. dollars
from Canadians, and once you boil it down, it looks like the full version of Vista Home
Basic will be $233, and Vista Ultimate will be $449.
Now if you're upgrading from something previous, Vista Home Basic will be $116, Premium $179,
Business $224.83, and the Ultimate $269.93.
It should be noted that Microsoft Canada has since removed the listing, and they said,
quote, a number of pricing models are undergoing consideration internally, however, nothing
has been finalized Microsoft is currently finalizing its pricing model
and we'll have more to share at a later date man I'm starting to get the
impression that Microsoft Canada's kind of retarded just because of the whole
you know they did the bundle thing when they weren't supposed to and all that
other stuff yeah well I don't know that kind of makes them cool that they're
doing stuff and they're not supposed to I don't think that makes a retard I think
it makes them great I don't know whatever I think it's kind of funny so maybe it's
just because I'm still having those residual I'm gonna move to Canada
some day feelings because I just I love Vancouver so much what can I say whatever
all right well we love you guys who choose to email us every week so much
and we like to read your emails and even though dark soccer is not here this week
that's not gonna prevent me from borrowing her gear and jumping into the
mailbag at mailbag at orange launch radio.com email numero uno comes to us
tonight from somebody from Vancouver Canada go figure actually Vancouver
island there's a difference you see the island is out anyway forget it this
comes to us from Wyatt dear dark Sakura sky and Loki today when I downloaded one
of my favorite game podcasts I found that the longtime hosts had suddenly
left the program and replaced themselves with two guys who are completely new it
just wasn't the same so I switched my iPod over to Orange Lounge radio and
listen thankfully to your three familiar voices the point is a podcast is only as
good as the people who host it, and yours is a great one.
The fact that you all know what you're doing, coupled with Loki's industry knowledge, Dark
Sakura's butt-kicking-ness, whenever her car is brought up anyway, and the way that Sky
is, well, is Sky, all leads to an awesome show that is well worth the three hours a
week spent on listening to you guys.
So Dark Sakura, here is your worshipping that you asked for, I will pass that along to her.
Here's a lot for what you do for us loyal listeners, and here's for years more of the
same.
P.S.
Sky, you should come to Canada more often.
If you think that the maple syrup cookies sold on Granville Island are good, you should
try the, I don't know what they're called, but basically they are maple syrup thrown
into snow and then eaten like a piece of maple syrup thrown in the snow.
Thanks a lot, you guys.
Maybe if I come in the winter, I'll have to try that.
That sounds like a winter treat.
I think if I try to eat that in the summer, that might be kind of weird.
But thank you very much for the email.
You know, I might know which podcast you're talking about, because I keep tabs on a few
that are going on, and you know, it's tough.
Things change, our personal lives change, and sometimes, you know, it just affects what's
going on.
And as much as I would love to do Orange Lounge Radio forever, you know, there might come
a time where I have to move for work, Dark Soccer has to move, Loki's got to go somewhere,
you know, and we would like to think that we would keep the show going.
So I applaud the other shows that try to keep on going despite the other little setbacks
to go on and I want to continue to support independent radio my advice you
know if it's new people that have been thrown into it give them a couple weeks
to warm up because I'll tell you what this shit ain't easy I realize it seems
like it's easy because you hear all these shows and you form opinions on
them but the difference between like doing and listening is really really
really different and trust me it raises it raises my perception of independent
podcasts just so much more by doing one of my own so you know give them a chance
So I bet you that same thing that you liked before will come back
But if you know not we appreciate the fact that you check us out and support us and the fact that you're supporting
Independent radio at all is awesome
So I hope I hope things go good for you and the shows that you're listening to let's go to a new email
This person did not sign their email. So I will let's see. I'll just call them Tolu because I think that's what
That's what it says in the email is the first name
So anyway, here's the email the subject in support of the PSP because of the uninformed bashing and Ninty fanboys
We asked for emails like this. So here you go
Over the last couple months the Sony bashing in the news has become almost unbearable
They bash the PSP saying that it has no good games or just ports
Well, the DS has just as many for example Animal Crossing new Super Mario Brothers
Brothers, Castlevania, WAIT you can go outside the castle, Innovative, Metroid, etc, sorry,
I want a deeper experience instead of minigames or games from 15 years ago.
I like Syphon Filter, Daxter, Tekken, Metal Gear Solid, LocoRoco, Wipeout, and GTA, not
Mario again.
Ninty fans don't care though.
There's that email.
Now, I appreciate your perspective, because I think this guy does bring up a point, is
that a lot of people say the PSP is the same shit over again and then run off to play the
newest Mario game. Wait, he brought up another point though too. What? He's wrong. No, hold
on, hold on. But I do have to say, okay, wait a minute though, because the games that you
mentioned at the end there, Tekken, Metal Gear Solid, Wipeout, Grand Theft, those are
all franchises too that get a new game every year, so I don't know if that's the best
perspective. Hold on, hold on. Okay, now, I agree there's not a lot on the PSP, but
And then again, I do own a PSP and to be honest, I play more on my PSP than I do on my DS.
And he's right in most aspects, but he's also wrong in some stuff too.
He's right in the fact that there are a lot of games that are just ports, I mean Super
Mario 64 for the DS, Animal Crossing, not quite a port, more of like kind of an upgrade
to the current game, but still not very different to where it's like a different game.
I don't know.
That's different.
getting some exclusive games like, you know, you've got the Tony Hawk American Skate Land
and the new Downhill Jam that's gonna be coming out. They are getting, like, some exclusive
new games and stuff. Castlevania, yeah, Castlevania is pretty much Castlevania. It is a new game.
It's not a port of, like, say, Castlevania 2 or something like that. So that's new. And
for long-time fans of the series, getting to go outside the castle is something new,
but I get your point. Now, for the PSP, though, you have the same thing. I mean, PSP Tekken
Dark Resurrection, it's a port of the arcade game, it's also a port of Tekken 5, but still
it's good to have a fighting game on, you know, the PSP. Also you've got like all these
collections that are coming out, like you've got the Capcom Puzzle Collection, which is,
you know, ports of old games. My biggest gripe with, you know, Sony, I mean we'll get Twisted
Metal head-on, which is a port of Twisted Metal 2, I mean that is a blatant port of
the game, they didn't change really anything other than adding online multiplayer. But,
know in the same aspect I think both the laziness in portable games is really a
big problem because not a lot of people look at it and even Grand Theft Auto is a port of
just grant I mean that's a big port if it's just Grand Theft Auto 3 and now now
Eddie in our chat room of the oil army asked what's wrong with ports exactly
that's the thing what is wrong for its people like games that are ported I was
hoping for a little bit better of a game you know twisted metal head-on you know
I wanted it to be a new game and it was just the old game all over against GS
68 brings up an interesting counterpoint in our chat room right there also the oil army ports render the original obsolete
Not on portables because that way I can play my favorite games on the go
I don't need a TV or system in the car or on the train, right?
But the it renders the original obsolete so what about the game on the TV?
It's it's a completely different experience playing the same game on TV and on the portable
I want to point this out to a yuri lover says
Objection because there are other games that are original on the Nintendo DS and sites the following Wario ware Phoenix, right?
Trauma Center Nintendogs Wario ware is not really
But you get the point it is a really original game
Japanese but okay, whatever whatever
Okay, I'll help them out then electroplankton elite beat agents. There you go. Okay. Well if you want PSP games
Um, let me try to think here luminous. I understand but look here's nothing there's enough. That's enough. Um,
Here's the thing
I've always said this the PSP is a great system if you want to do more with a handheld than just game if you want
To do the web music movies
All that crap is great on the PSP and that's really the reason to own a PSP because you want something
That's a multimedia thing on the go and that's kind of where Sony's going lately, you know PlayStation 3
I think it's going to be a lot of that as well.
I think you're going to see in the long run from PlayStation 3, it doesn't want to be
just a game system.
Sony's biggest problem is that Xbox 360 doesn't want to be just a game system either, but
never mind.
That's another day.
Nintendo, on the other hand, is starting to catch up with some of that, with the Opera
browser coming out and everything, but for now is really just about the games.
Games, games, games.
And if you want some fun, short attention span, most of the time, types of games for
casual gamer Nintendo DS is where it's at. Honestly, if you're a real hardcore gamer,
you ought to own both, if you can afford it. If you can't afford it, get a job.
And to be honest, I mean, what are people complaining about ports anyways? Because
if you don't like them, don't buy them, or don't play them. And there's a lot coming out for both
systems. Granted, when I look at it, I think most of it's crap, but then again, I only play one game
on my PSP. So, you know, I don't really have a, you know, valid opinion on most of this stuff,
But there is a lot of games that come out that I'm just not impressed with it
I just like whatever ouch
The chat room is bringing up from various folks there that the DS has had their share of misfires such as ping pals
Oh god, wrong anyone sprung was funny
I'm sorry was the worst no worst video ever played my life if you play as the guy the game is hilarious
I one more email. I do one more email. Whatever. This one is from DJ Tyrant
Hello Jamie, Rob, and Matt. Hope all is well with you. I finally have caught back up with the show now that I have moved and have cable internet at the place I'm currently living.
Sounds like the show is doing great like always and is very informative and actually helps me out at my work. I work at EB Games, FYI.
That's actually quite a compliment, thank you. I've actually heard of stores that have been playing our show over the system. I think that is crazy, but awesome. I love it. That's awesome.
That's awesome. That's weird. It's better than Ian Kessler.
It's gotta be better than the EB Games television or whatever that crap is.
Ian Kessler and Courtney Freehl. They both suck and I want to beat them up.
If you work at EB Games, get our show played in there. We will send you versions that have
the S words and F words bleeped out if we will
get played in store. That's pretty hot. Anyways, the point of this email was to
encourage the OL army to get involved in the Beatmania US internet ranking.
I think it would be a great way to show Konami interest in the game and that
people did actually buy the game.
Currently I've only seen DrewNami and myself in the internet ranking so far, sorry if I
missed anyone.
If you could mention this on the show, that would be great.
Okay, so if you're a music game fan, go show your love in the Beatmania internet ranking,
that makes sense.
For the record, they did see that game as a success and it sold as many units, or it
outsold as many units as they thought it would, so that sounds like a good sign, we'll see.
Also, also I am really looking forward to the music previews for DDR Ultramix 4 and
DDR Universe.
Sorry about the delay there.
When are you going to get some music previews for In the Groove 3?
With a little pfft face on it.
You know what?
Have Rock Store give us a call, we're open.
Keep up the great work and I can't wait to hear your next show.
Maybe sometime in the future I will see you guys again at a con or something like that,
as it was a disappointment to see you, only Rob I believe, for an extremely short time
by the Konami booth at E3 this year.
Anyway, stay healthy and well guys, I'm glad your show is doing so great.
DJ Tyrant.
Thank you very much for the email, it was very sweet.
As far as other previews for other games go, we're not exclusive to, you know, we branched
out of the music game thing a long time ago.
We love music games, don't get us wrong, but we love all video games as well, so if any
company wants to do some type of premiere thing, we're down, just have them give us
a call.
Mailbag at orangelandrater.com.
You can use that for your comments as well.
Talk about your game.
That's right.
We would love to get you on the show, and absolutely, yes, we've given In the Groove
somewhat of a hard time on the show in the past but you know what I'm willing
to give it a try and I actually I don't I don't hate in the groove I think it's
fine it's just it's an alternative some people like coke some people like Pepsi
so it's just like coke some people like pee and some people like RC Cola for
some god-awful reason. RC Cola is okay. Alright moving on please anyways well
Well, Scratch won one other loss for Sony, unfortunately, in their battle against Homebrew.
Well yes, firmware 2.8 has been hacked and now Homebrew is able, well, so far they have
found an exploit in 2.8 and they have Homebrew running now in every single firmware that's
available from 2.0 and up and of course you know 1.5 and whatnot.
So that's kind of interesting and the best part about it you don't need Grand Theft Auto
for it to work because unfortunately with some of the other ones that's how you had
to do it is with Grand Theft Auto.
But now they do have a Hello World proof of concept homebrew program that is available
out there and yeah it's quite interesting actually because there's also was a story
that I read this week that they've got a downgrader now for version 2.71 to take you back down
to 1.5, so that's quite interesting that they've already come that far.
You watch, there'll be homebrew running before you know it on every single version, and then
there'll be another firmware update once the webcam and the GPS comes out.
How are you doing with the liquor?
I think I hear you starting to slur a little bit and I'm doing the same. Oh, I'm fine
I'm like halfway through that
The chat room pointed out to me that you can call our mailbag is something I said earlier, I guess I don't know
Whatever chair shut up. No, but here's the thing. Here's the thing. You don't know me. You don't know my life
I'm just like I'm starting to get sick of the watermelon thing. You want something new? No, I do want it
Yeah, you want some of the you want try this again? No, no, I don't want that stuff
Especially didn't want the orange juice pussy. Yeah, I just don't like orange juice
Unfortunately, I've got this thing stuck in my head now where orange juice equals
Vomiting and so that it doesn't really it's not good drink
You know what one of the first times I ever threw up I threw up
Spaghetti O's and for some reason like I've never been able to able to really eat spaghetti O's the same way ever since then
Well, you know what's interesting though is the first time I threw up here
from over drinking was
minestrone. It was homemade minestrone. But then again, that minestrone was kind of old
and the sauce was a little bit fermented so it might have had something to do with it.
One time I threw up, though, this was pretty funny, I threw up, I know this is great chatter
sorry but I don't care tonight, I threw up a blue raspberry jello, which was actually
not that bad. It's going down and coming up. It was kind of like, wow, kind of sweet. They
they should put that on the box raspberry jello great going down pretty good coming
up i can see it now fuck those cream pops it's all about the
friends you might have to do the rest of the stories tonight how's that sound okay i'm
just gonna complain so all right uh i know how's that sui coden doing what i will kill
I'm just kidding.
Suikoden's not that bad.
It's great.
It's not that great either.
When are they putting out Suikoden on PSP?
Huh?
Oh!
Oh!
Well, there's this movement on an official Konami site.
It's like konamigamingstars.com.
It's an RPG site that Konami opened for the US fans of the Konami RPGs.
And they want the fans to show how much they want this port of 1 and 2 that came out for
PSP in Japan to come out over here.
So I'm sure I just made up the website URL just then with the KonamiGameStars.com.
But if you go there and show your support, I mean, we're really trying to get it to come
out here.
So...
Show that it will set...
Can't you talk to someone at work and make it happen?
been talking for a long time about this game coming out over here he's like come
on put it out on the PSP can I cover your work and and berate people cuz
obviously that's fine kind of people drink from what I've learned previously
at their barbecue yeah so I can go with just drunkenly berate people into
getting the games yeah cuz I can lock my door to my office if you can't get in
there you have an office that's what I want is I'm awesome I don't even have a
freaking off my job and I have an office no no I have to share my office with two
other people um I do too but just one other person and he's leaving soon so
I'm gonna get the office oh hey that was a funny thing Rob my since our sales
staffs down the two people now for the games at least are in our building my
co-workers like yeah the end of September I'm thinking about leaving I'm
like sweet it will be just me I'll be awesome
I fucking own everybody. Alright, um...
Oh, uh, Eddie would like to point out his Konami RPG stars, by the way.
What did I say? I don't know. I think I said something close to that. You're not even drunk! What's your excuse?
I'm stupid. That's pretty much my excuse.
Yeah, yeah, you are. Okay, look. Trying to get through this segment in under two hours, please.
Uh, moving on, you know, because we don't want to get any more. Alright, alright, let's go, go.
We don't need any angry iTunes reviews this week. This show is too fucking long.
I don't want to download this show because it's too long.
I like my new short, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
Well then, you know what?
Turn on G4.
You'll get about two minutes of game news in an entire 24-hour period, okay?
And then Star Trek.
This month's PlayStation Magazine has a scoop on the new PSP model.
Apparently the unit features 8GB of flash memory built in.
Wow!
On top of that, there's a video camera still being planned but no hard drive.
Seem to recall there was something I read later in the week where Sony said no lies. It's all lies. It's not happening
What's that the official PlayStation magazine or PSM? I think it was official PlayStation magazine. Hell's wrong these official
Let's just make up news. Who cares? It'll give the PSP more Oh
Attention fuck chatroom pointed out. I said something that was banned last week g4
I'm not banned, I say whatever I want Yes, but you're not drunk, I can use that
as an excuse.
Sorry.
Bad Rod!
But I made fun of him, so it's okay.
No, I still think it's a borderland, so let it happen again.
By the way though, I'm sorry.
By the way, I do gotta mention they are remaking the original Star Trek series.
They're redoing all the CG effects in it, so you know that'll be playing on a certain
channel soon.
Anyways, uh...
Yay!
Anyways...
A little quieter.
little quieter. The PlayStation 3, there's news, actually from the Inquirer, which I'm
sure is a great source of game news, that the RSX chip in the PlayStation 3, which it
originally was set to run at 550, 700 core memory, has been realigned with the expectations
has been realigned with the expectations that the value will be dropped to 506.50 in other
words being throttled down.
And what's that supposed to mean to you?
Probably nothing because I don't know it's not supposed to have a big effect on the games
but it's kind of like the Playstation Portable because their chip can run at 333 but it only
runs at 222 to save battery power but my guess is probably this thing is overheating.
so that's probably why they throttled it down.
Great, you know, maybe later on down the line
they can use the full potential of the chip
and, I don't know, with some software updates.
So, hooray, more news.
The slogan for the PlayStation 3 ad campaign
has been revealed and it's called This Is Living.
That is the new catchphrase you're gonna hear,
at least in Europe, I believe,
but I think they're gonna use that
in the rest of the world.
Let's hope not.
But if you take that last story into account,
I think the tagline should have been This Is Burning.
I don't think, I think they already have a catch phrase here in the US.
It's called, we used the Spider-Man logo.
Play Beyond?
Yeah, Play Beyond.
I think.
Well, I don't know, somewhere else they're calling it.
This is living.
This is living in poverty because they spent all my money on a PlayStation 3, hurrah.
This is welfare.
Well, anyways, what's kind of cool about the PlayStation 3 is, well, Fight Night Round 3
coming to it, and it will have some interesting new stuff.
It will have a get in the ring first person mode, which will be kind of like punch out
I guess.
What's also interesting though is the screenshots actually look better than the 360 version,
but then again I haven't seen the 360 version in a while so I couldn't really say, but it
looks better.
I don't know, that's just me.
But then again, you know, I thought that Motorstorm looked pretty good when I originally saw the
screenshots and then I played it and it sucked, so I don't know.
Loki said this is crappy this is awful this joke needs to die
Rayman of course is coming to the Wii in the form of Rayman raving rabbits and
somehow the rumor got started that this game was going to be Wii exclusive
although I never heard that in my life but needless to say it was picked up
earlier this week that Rayman is not going to be Wii exclusive now I don't
know there's all this confusion going on at Ubisoft because you know is Assassin's
Creed exclusive and blah blah blah supposedly it's supposed to hit more
next-gen systems next year Assassin's Creed though is definitely
multi-platform you know PC PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 so why the hell shouldn't
Rayman be multi-platform. According to Ubisoft I even asked them this no it's not
exclusive and it will be coming out. Now the Wii version is gonna be
exclusive to the Wii obviously because it has a different control system that's
That's about it.
That's the only thing exclusive about it.
It is one of their launch titles through the Wii that they're really looking forward to,
but it is most definitely not exclusive and will be out on pretty much all the systems
from what I was reading, you know, from their lineup.
And all about at the same time, so, sorry, not exclusive, oh well.
Anyways, kind of on a little bit different subject here, Minnesota has decided to appeal
the court decision that overturned their game law calling it unconstitutional and not too
surprising.
And what's interesting though, according to the Minnesota Attorney General Mike Hatch,
his reason for appealing is what the act really does is make sure the parents are involved
in the decisions of whether their children should play violent or sexually explicit video
games.
I agree with him in that statement because parents should be involved in what their kids
play.
However, I don't think the law should really do much as restricting people because I think
it should really be up to the parents.
Anyways, the law simply prohibits children 16 years old and younger from buying those
types of games.
If the parents aren't troubled by their kids playing these games, they can buy them for
their children.
But that still doesn't make any sense because what if these, say for example, little Billy
Billy's at his school or whatever and has this maturity game in his backpack where he
gets caught by the police.
Now is that going to be treated the same way like say if they found cigarettes in his bag
or something like that?
Is possession of the video game actually part of this law?
Or is it the sales of the video game?
Which is stupid because then that would be almost like saying, yeah it's illegal to sell
alcohol to a minor but if your mom buys it for you, it's okay if you drink it.
That's kind of the way that they're phrasing this.
Which makes this law even more retarded, which there's no reason for the law anyways.
Drunami in our chat room says, Enough is enough!
I'm not sure if he's talking about what you're saying or all the incessant snakes on a plane
jokes that are still going on in chat room.
It's so annoying.
You know how I watched that movie this week?
Lame!
Okay.
Yeah, Mac Man says, Here's the pop culture reference of the year.
Insert animal here on a insert form of transportation.
Mad Libs!
She's on a dog.
Anyway, if you want to join in the craziness that is our chat room, just head on over to
www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on chat.
All right, I guess that's going to do it for part A of our podcast.
We're going to take a little bit of a break, and we're going to come right back with more
of Orange Lounge Radio to come in part B. Tonight, in part B of our program, Beat the
Host.
Huzzah!
Don't beat the host is coming back for part B. I gotta make sure I write down my
Game if you get challenged they might go for the sober challenge to go from eglatov, right?
I remember the last time we played this he got a shitty score, so he'd be easy like three
So we'll see we'll see what happens tonight all coming up in orange lounge radio part B. I could be three
right now
Maybe orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the world twice a week
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
