Tonight, September 10th, 2006, Sony screws over Europe and then some, Chips for the Wii have been in production for a while now, and we premiere new DDR songs in our DDR sneak peeks.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that independent video game podcast dedicated to video games that don't suck and video game culture and the gamer lifestyle.
I'm here to help you through it.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to my lovely co-host in that corner, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hello.
How you doing, Missy?
Um, I'm doing okay.
I love your new shirt.
Thank you.
Will you please share with the listeners what your new shirt is and where you got this?
Um, what was that place called, Chris?
Oh, God, I forgot.
It was someplace on, um, Hate.
Apparently it's called Oh, God, I Forgot is the name of the store.
But on the front it says, Oh, Army, and the back it says Dark Sakura with a zero like a team jersey, and it's red and black.
I want to get one and it's going to say Rob Roberts and the number 69.
That would be awesome.
All right.
Oh, also over there, Loki, what's your number going to be?
Techmaster Loki.
I guess 13 would be cool.
13 would be cool.
Or 666 would be good for you.
No, we don't want to have too many sixes because, you know.
The six and nine both are kind of like sixes, and then I'd have 666.
That'd just be too weird.
That makes no sense at all, but I like your shirt.
You have a shirt that says Vader was framed.
Yeah, this I got as a gift from Eric and Melissa.
All right, sounds good.
Happy early birthday.
Thank you.
Matt's birthday is tomorrow, September 11th, a day that is easy to remember.
I mean, I never forget Matt's birthday because it's easier to remember for some reason.
Yeah, because if you forget, we'll drive another plane into a tower.
Moving right along.
My birthday was the Waco deal.
How you doing, Chris?
I'm okay.
I got here kind of late and I fucked up your intro.
That's okay.
By bringing you crack.
The podcast listeners don't know that because we edit the show when we fuck up.
Oh, okay.
That's all right.
Well, podcast listeners, he fucked up.
We had a faulty start this evening, but that's all right.
Say hello as well to a moldy favorite, Drunami.
Yeah, you have to ask what my number is going to be.
I'm Drunami.
Yes, I'm Drunami.
Ah!
I played Tetris on Kristen's DS while having our hair done.
I've never played DS while getting my hair done, but that's a good thought.
I was processing.
Do you have to put your hair on one of those giant dryers where you can't hear anything?
No, she did.
Oh, okay.
Oh, you did?
But it was while he touched up my roots, and I have actually a black streak now on either side, but you can't tell because I have my hair pulled back.
But I was sitting there playing Tetris, and I couldn't see.
I had it right up in front of my face because I'm blind.
And so I ended up...
Just playing that.
And actually, I play pinball.
Did you guys get a new machine?
We got a new machine.
We have Star Trek The Next Generation and Dan's apparently been working on it the whole time I've been gone.
Right on.
Loki, anything you've been playing this week?
I played Saints Row.
I was bored during lunch one day, so I tried climbing the mountain that's on the side of the map.
Apparently, there's an invisible wall, so you can't do that.
But I was really high in the air, so I decided to shoot rockets down at cars, because that's, of course, the only thing you want to do if you're really high up in the air.
So I did that, and that was fun.
And what else did I do?
Oh, I finished Blazing Angels, finally.
I have all 1,000 achievement points now for it, so I can sell it back.
That game you hate that you talk about in this segment...
Every single week for like the past 15 weeks.
I hate it.
I really do hate it.
But you know what?
It's done.
So...
The talk of a true achievement point score.
Hey, I have a question when it comes to achievement points.
Like, I was looking at one of those sites that has, like, the leaderboards and will show you everybody's gamer score.
I think it was, like, mygamercard.net is a big site that has that.
And, like, the person with the most points has, like, 53,000 gamers points.
How does anyone on Earth have the time to get that many points?
They all have a job and they live at home and they just play games all day, all night.
Wow, that's kind of sad.
Yeah, it's ridiculous, but...
Whatever, I mean, if they want to spend the time to do that.
I'm not crazy like that, but I do like, if I'm going to sell a game back, I do want to make sure I have all the points out of it.
Or, in the case of the outfit, I just don't fucking care because the game's so awful that I'll just sell it back without even touching it.
I mean, so whatever.
We have another guest that's always with us every week, and that is our chat room, available at orangeonstrater.com.
Click on chat, and VidPala has a comment to all this.
Gamer points are like the new E-peen, as in E-penis, so...
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
because that's essential.
What else have I been playing?
I've played some live arcade stuff.
I've actually been playing more like Galaga and stuff.
Nelly's been playing a lot of Bejeweled 2, so I stole one of the games from her and I played that.
That was pretty much it, though.
I want to play more online for Saints Row, but I'm waiting for the patch to come out because it's supposed to be soon.
You know, I saw you online this week, you know, on Xbox, as you can see, and I saw you were playing Bejeweled 2, and I was like, loser.
That's because it's Nelly, she keeps playing Bejeweled 2.
And then I go to, I went to majornelson.com, and he has like the list of the, you know, the top Xbox games, and now he's doing the arcade games too.
And Bejeweled 2 is like number 11, 13, somewhere around there, and I'm like, losers.
So, yeah.
I mean, Bejeweled was cool, like five years ago.
Impulse?
It's the game she likes.
The only game.
She was playing Chloe and Clyde though earlier this week too.
Which is impressive because that's like the game that you cannot get those gamer points.
Ever.
It's damn impossible.
The Bejeweled 2 has the hardest gamer points of any Xbox game I've played.
Period.
I don't get it.
I was looking at the leaderboards.
There was someone that did 250 levels of the main game.
I'm like, how do you even do that?
That's one hell of a lucky game.
Cheats.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Whatever.
Alrighty.
Let's go over to Drew Nami.
Drew Nami, how was your gaming week?
I played Bejeweled.
For real?
For real.
Are you a loser?
No, I'm kidding.
I don't want to... Look, people play casual games and that's okay.
It's just, you know... I was bored.
If you own an Xbox 360 and the only thing you're playing on it is Bejeweled, something's wrong.
Aside from that, I was kicking it semi-old school.
I was playing Space Channel 5 and Disgaea and the usual WoW.
Are you going to be getting the new Disgaea?
When I have the money.
It's already out, but I want to finish the original Disgaea first.
I haven't played the new Disgaea, I've just heard that it's almost just like the first one.
It just kind of seamlessly picks up and moves on.
Why change a good thing?
And there's still Prinny's in it, and apparently there is a cameo of Etna in it.
Cool.
Looks to be good.
So anything else besides the wow and the bejeweled?
Like I said, Space Channel 5.
Oh, hot.
I love Space Channel 5.
Reminds me how much my short-term memory sucks.
I'm sorry, what were we talking about?
Your gaming week?
Alright, anyway.
My gaming week, because I forgot, I haven't talked about mine yet.
I haven't played anything new.
There really wasn't a lot new this week I wanted to buy, so it's really most the same stuff.
I don't have any new reviews for you guys this week, just because...
Ruler Rose Ruler Rose
It's being promoted as this Silent Hill-esque kind of game.
And for the most part, that would be an accurate way to describe it.
If you're into the Silent Hill games, you'll probably like Rule of Rose.
It's historically based a little bit, so it kind of takes place in the 20s, and I think it's supposed to be actually based on this old story.
Are there giant crabs?
Are there giant crabs?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
In Castlevania 3, actually, there's a lot of parts that weren't in the castle.
And in Dracula X. Look, shut your mouth.
Okay, okay, let's just put it this way.
The first Metroidvania where you can legitimately go outside the castle for an extended period of time.
I like Metroidvania.
Weren't we talking about Rule of Rose?
How did this turn into Bash Rob's Gamer Cred here somehow?
It's always Bash Rob's Gamer Cred.
No, only on message boards, sorry.
So anyways.
It was a pretty fun game.
I liked it.
It's very strange, and I think it's one of those games that you're not going to understand what's going on until the very end.
What did you think of having the dog element?
Because that's where it really differs from Silent Hill, is that you have this partner.
About 30 minutes to an hour into the game, you get this partner that helps you, this dog, that will seek out items.
It kind of adds a real interesting element to the game.
It is an interesting element, and to be honest, I didn't realize how important it was because you can actually find a lot of hidden weapons and items that way by searching out different things, and you can get some really super powerful weapons if you actually spend the time to use the dog to find different items that seem useless, but you trade them in for better stuff.
So the dog is pretty cool, and it also kind of simplifies things because it makes it simple to find where you're supposed to go.
You just have the dog sniff out stuff.
The creatures in it are very creepy, though.
All these kind of golem or imp kind of characters.
There's children that have no faces, basically, and they're just kind of, I don't know how to describe them, really.
Just creepy looking.
So with the dog element, we're talking like Silent Hill meets Secret of Evermore?
No, it's more like Silent Hill meets Haunting Ground.
You know, the way I'll test if a game is scary or not is I'll make Christopher's sister play it, my roommate.
I'll make his sister play it because, like, seriously, this is the girl, and she's not here right now so I can talk a little shit.
This is the girl who cried while fighting a Silent Hill 3 boss because she couldn't take it because the boss would run around her and then try to slash her so she started crying.
Which one was it?
I don't remember the name.
I don't remember the name involved.
Is that on Hill 2?
No, on 3.
If I'm on the rooftop.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Like, she cried a lot.
So if I want to test if a game is scary or not, I'll make her play it.
So I made her play Ruler Rose.
And she did.
She freaked out.
She threw the controller on the ground in a few parts.
She's like, I'm not going to play!
I'm not going to play!
And then she picks it up again.
So the scare factor is definitely there if you're a big girl.
No, no, no, no, no.
I got that beat.
We were playing Fatal Frame.
One of my friends and I, we were playing Fatal Frame.
I could not even get her to walk the few feet in the fog because I was freaking out.
And nothing was happening and I was freaking out.
I got that beat.
You know, Fatal Frame is the one scary series I could not get into for some reason.
I don't know why.
How many of us that are playing the first Resident Evil freaked out when the dogs crashed through the window?
I freaked out at the horrible voiceovers.
I hope that is not Chris's blood.
Actually, my first Resident Evil was 2 for some reason.
I kind of missed the boat a little bit.
But anyway, sorry.
Rulerose, final thoughts on Rulerose.
I really like it.
It is probably one of the games I've actually played a lot of recently.
At least almost all the way through.
And definitely one that I haven't really
I haven't really played that many games on the PlayStation 2 lately, so I recommend picking it up.
The only thing it sucks about is its full price.
It's like $49.99.
But if you're really into those kind of niche horror games, it's going to be pretty good for you.
Yeah, if you like adventure, horror-type games, Ruler Rose is going to be right up your alley.
It's got a great soundtrack, too.
I forgot to say, the soundtrack is phenomenal.
The soundtrack is awesome.
It's actually done by the people that did Panzer Dragoon.
It's a phenomenal soundtrack.
I was very impressed.
And what's even cool about the whole thing is once you're done with the game, if you do look up, if you read on message boards and stuff about the backstory to it, it makes it even creepier, just the whole thing, because it's based on real life.
Sort of.
It's based on real events.
How about that?
Yeah.
The gameplay itself I wouldn't call super original and it's a weird entry for sort of what's starting to, you know, we're wrapping down this generation of games.
But overall I would recommend it to fans of the genre.
And the animation in it is really good too.
I would recommend it to fans of the genre.
I think you guys will be pleased.
All right, shall we get into some gaming news tonight then?
Oh, first, quick housekeeping before we get into gaming news.
I just wanted to say, if you missed the announcement on our website, we have relaunched the Dance Dance Revolution sneak peeks, and they start tonight.
And the good news is, even though it was delayed a week, good things come to those who wait, it will be a part of the podcast.
You don't have to just listen live to hear the songs.
So this is amazing.
We're really excited to be working with Konami of Hawaii to play some new songs for you.
We'll get to that shortly after some news.
You know what else is amazing?
What?
Well, actually, what's not amazing?
What?
Ken Kuragi.
Why?
What did he do now?
In the news today, he got a new bicycle helmet because he chewed through his strap on his last one and ended up throwing up crayons all over the place.
Mac PowerBook
Pro, or whatever it's called.
The latest, whatever the most expensive thing is.
MacBook Pro, whatever the most expensive thing is.
And for those of you who like the Sims 2 games on the Mac, go out and get Open for Business.
Because in the last few games of the Sims 2, it slows, like the computer just lags it to death.
Like anything, any animation, any huge thing that the game does, it's lagged and stuff like that.
And Out to Lunch, they completely take care of that.
and LightLeanFast.com
I like killing puppies.
I like killing puppies.
Please no hate mail for the pet lovers.
No, no, no, no, no.
If you kill the pets... Oh, it's a rumor, actually.
If you kill the pets, they get a little tombstone, and they walk around as ghosts.
It's hilarious.
Every time I hear about dead pets now, I can't help but think about... Madonna!
My precious Madonna!
Oh, my God.
I cheered when that lady got chewed on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Sony has made an official statement saying that they are, to quote, the delay in mass production schedule of the blue laser diode within the Sony group, thus affecting the timely procurement of key components to be utilized in PlayStation 3.
So, in Europe, Russia, Middle East, Africa, and Australia, we'll have to wait until March to get a PS3.
However, it is on track to launch...
in Japan on November 11th, and in North America on November 17th.
So basically, by the time you all get it overseas, we're going to tell you how much it sucks already.
So essentially, Sony just gave Europe the finger this week, essentially.
Not just Europe, that whole chunk of the world.
Sorry, but yeah, everything on that side of the ocean pretty much got the shaft.
Their plan, though, is to still ship 6 million PS3s globally by the end of the 2007 fiscal year.
Is this a surprise, though, that this has been delayed?
I think a lot of us saw this coming.
The rumors were out before.
Actually, before they made the announcement that there was a shortage with their shipment, so...
Hmm, that's kind of funny, you know, because when you don't, I don't know, start production on a console yet, yeah, it's probably going to be delayed, but it's also, you know, not a surprise since the announcement of the delay that they're going to be limited on the quantities that they're going to have for the other two territories that they're actually launching on time, and that would be both Japan and North America.
What's interesting, though, is that the U.S.
is getting 400,000 units at launch, and Japan's only getting 100,000.
Now, I don't know about you guys, but I figured that Sony, with the
I figured that Japan, you know, is pretty rabid Sony fans, and I would have figured they would give them more units than just 100,000, but I don't know.
Is that because of the population difference or something?
I think what it is, I think what it is maybe, population difference, also the fact that they have probably a better, they want to have more ground on the U.S.
front instead of Japan, because right now, Japan, the 360 isn't doing very well, so.
Interesting.
But, yeah.
Is Sony screwed because of this?
I mean, seriously, guys, I was thinking this week.
I'm like, you know, I didn't buy a PlayStation 2 until it was already out for a year.
And the PlayStation 1, I didn't even blink an eye at until they started getting some of the games I was really interested in on it.
So could the PlayStation 3 simply repeat that?
Or maybe we're all giving it a hard time because we're all focused on the launch right now.
But in a year, could the PlayStation 3 maybe be a good console?
To be honest, I mean, what, the 360 launched with almost the same amount of units.
So, I don't see that being as big of a deal as the fact that it's $600.
And, you know, right now, like they released their first commercial or kind of mini movies that they're going to be advertising it in the UK with.
And their big advertisement is, yeah, the AI in games, guess what?
It's not just, you know, it's better.
Of the 400,000, how many will work?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So their standalone Blu-ray player is probably going to be delayed because there's no diodes for it, obviously, since they can't even make enough for the PlayStation 3.
What's that going to do for Blu-ray?
That's the big thing, because if they get enough of those HD DVD players out there...
Then, you know, that might be a problem.
But then again, I don't know.
I think they use even the same diodes on the HD DVD players, so... Who knows?
Comment from JeremyTodd1 in chat, With such an extreme shortage, I wonder how high prices for the PS3 will get on eBay.
And here's the other thing, too.
Remember, you know, back in spring when it was supposedly, you know, that PlayStation 3 was going to launch, and, you know, oh yeah, we're on track, we're on track.
Yes or no and why?
No, because they're going to miss out on their Christmas, and I think that would be death for them.
They need to have their console out there, even if it's going to be limited numbers, because if anything, it'll sell out, people will want it because it's sold out, and there you go.
DarkSakura?
That's pretty much my assessment on the same thing.
I mean, people want what they can't have, basically.
Okay.
Dranami?
Okay.
Ditto.
The shortage is just going to create more demand, so, you know, why mess up a good marketing strategy?
Even though the commercials are much akin to, I don't know, polishing a turd.
Okay, Chris, should Sony delay?
Yes or no?
No.
They at least need to get the Christmas stuff out there.
I mean, that thought whole market and stuff like that.
So pretty much what everyone else said.
Okay, I'm going to be brave.
I'm going to say yes.
I think Sony ought to delay at this point because the games, the lineup games could get stronger for launch because you've seen all these games getting shuffled around the launch window.
They would still get the console out by the end of their fiscal year and they could have a stronger launch.
I think people are going to buy these systems Christmas or not.
I think the same people are going to buy the systems no matter what time of year you launch.
I realize there's this huge thing to want to get the spoiled kids around Christmas, but those spoiled kids will find an excuse to get their systems in April or March if they want to release them.
Hold on a sec.
What I think is, why would developers be so brave as to dev new games after the launch titles if the system hasn't been sold yet and the launch titles haven't caught on and so the PS3 hasn't caught on?
Who's going to be brave enough to dev games for that?
Alright.
Interesting thoughts from chat as well.
Jeremy Tom 1 says, the huge problem with this though is that a few people will get a PS3 and then their friends will see it and they might decide that the graphics aren't much different from the 360 and
and they'll go buy a 360 instead.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The system is only as good as the games that are on it.
You know what?
I'm sorry, I don't have a lot of money to drop on a game system if there's not going to be a game that I want.
I'm a very big Disney fan, so I bought a PS2 for the sole purpose of playing Kingdom Hearts.
And I've discovered other games that I like about it, but unless they make a game that I want, I'm not going to drop that much money on it.
The Wii does look interesting, though.
Megsies in chat and says there's no reason to get a PS3 at launch.
The only exclusive games worth getting will be out in 2007-2008.
Metal Gear Solid 4, Final Fantasy 13, and so on.
That's kind of how I felt about the PlayStation 2, to be honest.
I mean, what was I going to buy at launch?
Fantavision?
There is some good games.
Fantavision was sort of fun.
Was it like Lair?
Is it Miklatov or Jamie in here?
I'm not sure.
It was sort of fun.
I would say there are some good first party games, or exclusive games I should say.
Lair and Resistance Fall of Man look pretty good.
But then again, you know, I haven't seen them in... I think after Tokyo Game Show we'll get a better gauge of how good the games are going to be.
And they're going to have to start marketing this thing pretty soon because convincing someone why they need to buy a $600 console is going to be
Pretty difficult, so we'll have to wait and see.
Alright, well, moving on.
One thing that will be available around the PS3 launch, you know, if you can't afford a PlayStation 3, which most of us can't.
And by the way, you know what, Europe?
I'll do you a favor.
I am not going to buy a PlayStation 3 until you guys are able to buy PlayStation 3s.
Which is easy, because I wasn't going to get one anyway.
But we can call this a protest now.
It makes it really easy, so...
Honestly, Europe, I don't think you guys are missing much.
I mean, that's kind of how I feel.
I don't want one of these at launch.
I mean, I guess maybe I feel bad for the person who really, really does in Europe that can't have one now, but... Well, you know what?
I mean, couldn't they just import?
Because, I mean, granted... Because the games are supposed to be region-free, and... We haven't really had super final confirmation on that, though.
You know, that could have changed.
However...
There's still the, unless, somebody's just going to say, you know, give a big F you to format, because you still have the difference between NTSC and PAL.
Oh, that's a good point.
Unless they're just going to say, screw all you, it's high definition or NTSC only.
But I don't think that's right.
That would really be murder.
That would really put aside a large market of business.
Alright, well, anyway, sorry, I got off on a tangent.
I meant to say that something that will be available when the PlayStation 3 launches in November is the PSP download service.
Original PlayStation games will be downloadable, and the PSP has no problem running them via an emulator.
This is all coming from Sony's head of platform development in Japan, Izumi Kawanishi.
Kawanishi is also saying that the PSP download service will have movies as well as full original PlayStation games.
And it will launch at the same time as the PlayStation 3.
And that's about it.
That's all they said.
Well, you can't download retail movies yet.
You can get, you know, like vodcasts and things using little hacks.
But Sony has yet to really support full-blown movies.
And, you know, obviously they're going to be releasing the digital rights management and all this stuff.
And I guess trying to salvage some of what they've lost on UMD.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
That's the secret, Sony.
Just put out the UMDs and sell them a little cheaper than what you're doing.
Make them cheaper than DVDs, and I think they'll be a lot more appealing to a lot of people very quick.
And you'll sell PSPs.
But what do I know?
I'm just some schmo on the internet.
Exactly.
Well, I didn't want to say exactly, but anyways.
Some other things that are possibly in the works right now would be a Sony PlayStation phone.
And...
When I saw this, I was thinking, oh god, please not another N-Gage, because that's just horrible.
But, apparently, according to Sony Ericsson's Senior Vice President of Product and Application Planning, Riko Sakaguchi, the company is working on something related to the PlayStation phone, and says the surprise...
VoiceOverIP
The phone station.
I think what I like about the PSP a lot is that it really is kind of this all-in-one system.
It kind of is the leg up that it has on the DS.
It seems like the DS, while it has a lot of solid games that are innovative, it's kind of having to catch up in the department of having a web browser, playing MP3s, and all this other stuff that a PSP does.
You know what I mean?
But wouldn't you rather have a system that you know is going to play a good game?
That you know they put effort into?
Well, what if I'm more of the casual gamer who maybe that's not my biggest focus on the system?
DS sales are still kicking PSP.
Don't get me wrong.
It's interesting, all these things that kind of distinguish the PSP a little bit.
I think they're all cool, but the market is showing people aren't interested in all that as much as they are in just having good games.
Okay.
Well, speaking of good games, there is something coming on to PSP that I will definitely be all over.
Parappa the Rapper is coming on to PSP.
In the rain or in the snow?
Got the funky, funky float.
Crack, butter.
No, don't even get me started on TV.
Check and turn and signal to the left.
Sorry, love Parappa, love it.
There's not really an official announcement yet, but the game was recently featured in Famitsu.
So the talk is that we are pretty much going to be getting a proper, and actually that makes sense because they did Guitar Room Man.
And they're starting to put out a bit more music and, you know, slash quirky games on the PSP.
So, my hope is that this does come to pass.
And so this isn't just a port of the PS1 thing on the download service.
This is like a whole new frickin' thing.
That's the rumor.
Wow, that would be hot.
Because Parappa kind of disappeared for a while.
Granted, Parappa the Rapper 2 wasn't quite as good as 1, at least commercially.
We need an own Jammer Lamy.
Yeah, I know.
We need to bring this series back.
That would be awesome.
Well...
Parappa is not the only thing rumored to be coming back for the PSP.
Electronic Arts has confirmed that they are doing an EA Replay collection, and this will be a budget series of adventures for those folks that would be interested in this.
Get this, the types of games that are going to be in the EA Replay.
Syndicate, Ultima 7, The Black Gate, Road Rash 1 through 3, Wing Commander, and some other interesting titles such as Desert Strike, Jungle Strike, Virtual Pinball, Mutant League Football.
That would be very interesting.
But they haven't said anything about that they're going to upgrade the graphics.
These may just be straight up ports, but still there's something...
Oddly appealing about being able to play Wing Commander on the go.
I think they were supposed to be ports of the Super Nintendo and Genesis versions.
Oh, that would be a crap.
If it's just a port of the Genesis, forget it.
It's all about the PC one.
But Ultima 7 wasn't on PC.
I mean... Whoops, Ultima 7 was only on PC, wasn't it?
They ported 6 to Super Nintendo.
They didn't do 7.
They didn't port 7.
So there must be some PC things involved.
Who knows.
Anyways...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I just have a really hard time believing that it's cancelled on 360.
Seeing as they've already kind of worked on Chromehounds.
But anyways, it's supposed to be coming out in spring of next year.
Yet another reason why waiting until March maybe isn't such a bad idea for the PlayStation 3.
In regards to other games and the PlayStation 3, Enchanted Arms is actually going to be out on the PlayStation 3.
I don't know how I feel about that.
I mean, I picked up Enchanted Arms.
I haven't played it yet.
I think you're going to enjoy it.
I think you'll enjoy it.
I've had a lot of good... You know, it took me a while to get into the game, but it's really good.
I mean, it's not the best RPG I've ever played, but it's a very good first next-gen experience for RPGs.
I was just thinking it was good to have such a solid... You know, apparently a solid game on the 360, and just that it's coming out on the PlayStation 3, just sort of like... No.
No.
It seems like it's a little late.
By the time it comes out for the PlayStation 3, it'll be like, oh, well, next-gen RPGs are going to be old news.
I guess it depends when it comes out.
I mean, if Enchanted Arms is coming out at launch, well, that might not be a bad thing.
That could be pretty good for Sony, but it doesn't seem like it would be out in time for launch if it's just now being announced.
I don't know.
Nah, probably not.
I mean, they already have Oblivion coming out, so that's pretty good.
That's true.
Maybe if they could redo all the voiceovers, then it wouldn't be so bad.
I don't think they would.
I don't think they would.
It would be just a port.
I don't think they would either.
Well, one other thing you're going to be missing out on on the PlayStation 3 rumors now is that
1080p is actually not really going to be used in games as much as you think.
According to Sony, the official US PlayStation 3 site says that the HDMI connection is required for 1080p signals in Blu-ray movies.
Sony's made an issue of pointing out that 1080p, which the Xbox 360 is incapable of, is the holy grail of full HD.
The only game that's running in 1080p, though, is Gran Turismo HD.
This was just a tech demo that was created
Not really a full game that's running yet.
Maybe this is something that would be more at the PlayStation 3's end of cycle, that you'd start seeing more 1080p games.
Like how on Xbox, the first Xbox, before the 360, you started seeing in the end some games start to come out in high def towards the end.
And in widescreen especially, you started seeing a lot more widescreen games on Xbox.
and then you start to see like burnout.
Wasn't one of the burnouts towards the end in 720p?
Yeah.
So maybe 1080p is just something that will be more utilized later down the road.
But wait, are you guys seeing that Sony was lying when they said that they can do 1080p at 120 frames per second?
Well, in one game.
Fucking retarded.
I don't know why we trust them with any comments anymore, but whatever.
So, okay, so your games are not going to be 1080p.
1080i is pretty good anyways.
Although, one thing that's kind of being debated right now is load times.
And as anyone remembers on the PlayStation stuff, load times can be quite long.
And they're actually saying that because of the Blu-ray drive being a first generation drive, it is going to be slower than the actual DVD drive in the Xbox 360.
Now, the Blu-ray drive is actually going to be a 1.5 speed drive and transfers at about 54 megabits a second.
And they said that their PlayStation 3 is actually a
and so on.
with a hard drive in mind so you're going to be able to cache a lot of stuff to your hard drive I would think.
Whereas the one big thing with the 360 I remember because of the core and premium bundles is they weren't sure if the hard drive was going to be there and so they couldn't really take that into account and cache the information to it.
But I guess now more of the games are using the hard drive.
But that might be something that might speed it up.
Whatever, it's load times.
If you want your 1080p games at 120 frames per second, you're going to have to wait.
Well, yeah, I think you said it with load times.
I mean, I don't care what the speed is of the thing inside the system.
It's all about the load time and how good the system is at caching and all that stuff.
Though, you know, I get it.
Logic dictates that you have a slow drive in the thing, you're going to have longer load times.
I get it.
But if there's some other way Sony can get around that and the developers, then I don't think it'll be the end of the world.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
All right, well, let's go over to a realm that we don't get into often enough here on this program.
That's PC gaming, and we have a few PC gaming stories for you guys tonight.
I want to start off with something on Second Life, which is this thing I keep hearing about, but honestly I've never really had a chance to get into and play.
Drew Nami, you play Second Life?
Tell me a little bit about what Second Life's all about.
It's kind of like a virtual community.
Actually, it is a virtual community.
If you've ever played, say, Sims Online or There or anything like that, it's this virtual world.
You have your avatar.
You can customize the avatar.
It's got a lot of communities in there.
It's fairly technical if you want to code your own stuff.
Have sex in weird positions.
Things that may not be physically possible in real life.
Number one, it is possible.
Number two, unfortunately, I've seen it done.
Or in the case of this picture I'm looking at here, I'm not sure if this is from Second Life or what, but it looks like you have furries banding together there in Second Life.
Yeah, there's actually a pretty active furry community within Second Life.
I'm not, whatever you're into, I'm not gonna, you know, just, you know, don't touch me with your paws.
But anyway, the reason why I bring this up, I got in the news this week that hackers broke into Second Life on Thursday and it was noted on the blog of the parent company to Second Life, Linden Labs.
The intruders got access to the account names, real life names, contact information, encrypted account passwords, and encrypted payment information.
Now, these types of violations of security sadly aren't that uncommon when you think about it happens in the Amazon type market, but not saying that site specifically, but those type of markets online all the time.
But this is really the first, or at least one of the most notable
We still get pissed off in MMOs over gold sellers.
True.
So what do you think about this?
Being a Second Life player, what do you think about the fact that your information may have been compromised?
Well, for me personally, I don't put anything up on there that I wouldn't be embarrassed to have public, but net result what pissed me off is I had to reset my damn password.
They invalidated everyone's passwords.
Oh, interesting.
Okay, well, at least they were pretty quick to get in there and try to fix things.
That's good.
Yeah, I think they got it done in like a matter of hours.
All right, well.
Pretty quick on Linden Labs.
Good for them for being right on it and remedying the situation.
Well, guess what is not being remedied?
What's that?
Well, not really.
You remember how everyone was all like, yeah, Spore is going to be all over the place, right?
Right, like DS and PSP and all that stuff?
No.
No?
Like no console versions at all?
It's PC only for now.
Oh, okay.
Basically, and this is the quote from EA, although we're investigating the possibilities of bringing this franchise to other platforms in the future, any announcements or confirmations for the Wii or any other platform would be premature.
Oh, this might be because I think I remember reading another story earlier this week about how I think they were saying something about Spore on the Wii was going to be able to download to the DS and you could edit your creatures on the go.
Well, they're saying right now they're 100% focused on finishing Spore for PC and PC only.
Okay.
As that's the official word.
That makes sense, but we all know it's going to go like The Sims, where The Sims was on PC first and then you had five gazillion different versions on all the consoles just later on.
It'll spread.
Yeah.
But for now, I think it's actually good that they are focusing only on PC.
That way they can bring out a quality product to get the buzz going and then from their work on the other versions.
Hmm.
Now OL Army Eddie in our chatroom says, EA lies.
Lies.
They all lie.
Interesting.
By the way, also following up on the Second Life information, Tiger Claw in our chat says, also note that the credit card information was on another server and that wasn't compromised.
Okay.
That's good.
Anyways, if you're really into sim stuff, you might be interested in this.
Okay.
No, this doesn't have to do with the Sims.
Some other gaming series.
Sid Meier's, they're releasing a wonderful collection, which is going to be coming to stores pretty soon here.
It will be including quite a few different games, including Civilization 1, Civ 2, Civ 2 Fantastic Worlds, Civ 2 Conflicts in Civilization,
Civ 2, Tests of Time, Civ 3, Civ 3, Play the World, and Civ 3, Conquest, and finally Civ 4.
A whole bunch of Civilization for you.
But to be honest, if you're a Civilization fan, you probably have all that shit already.
I mean, is there anything special that doesn't, you know... Well, you get a Civilization card game, a 96-page book of artwork, and a DVD featuring lead designer Soren Johnson and artist Dorian Newcomb talking about the creation of Civ IV.
Now, I really can't bash this too much, because I've said it on this show before, Civilization, the original, the first one that ever came out on the PC, is hands down my favorite PC game ever.
Ever.
I love the original Civilization.
Don't ask me, I can't get into Civ 2, 3, the same, I haven't tried 4 yet, I really want to.
I can't get into 2 and 3 the same way I can the original.
What were you doing this for?
Are you saying I'm too stupid to get 2 and 3?
No, I'm saying the entirety of Civ goes right over my head.
Oh.
Seriously, I don't know if... There's got to be a way you can get Civilization 1 really cheap now.
I highly urge you guys to check it out.
Civ 2 is not bad either, really.
I mean, it's not bad.
I just didn't enjoy it as much as 1.
So, seriously, check these games out.
It's a great, great landmark game in PC history.
I absolutely love Civ 1.
I used to play Civ Net back in the day.
But, you know, I have to admit, actually something like this, to me, who hasn't followed the Civ series for a long time, this almost sounds appealing.
DarkSakura
I wasn't rolling my eyes.
And the queen nerd, DarkSakura, is here to read those emails for you every week.
I'm the queen nerd, you're the king dork.
So suit up the rubber gloves and asbestos suit and tell us who's emailed us at mailbag at orangenontrader.com this week.
I do want to go ahead and actually repeat the ages old disclaimer.
If you send us hate mail, all we're going to do is laugh at you.
Yeah, so we had a couple ha-ha's this week, which was great.
Thank you for the hate mail.
It was the most ridiculous thing I've ever read.
Anyway, so... Actually, we need more, because I didn't laugh enough this week.
So please send us more hate mail, actually.
Yeah, Chris, send us hate mail.
And hate mail means you were listening.
So thank you for downloading our podcast.
Seriously.
You know what's funny about that hate mail that I read?
It's obvious that the people were listening to the show regularly.
So, hey, cool.
I didn't see the one that was towards you.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Anyway, we got one that is not crap from Renee.
I guess it's Renee?
Yeah.
Hello, Jamie, Skye, and Loki, but mostly Jamie as you're the only one who mostly reads these emails.
I was looking through the PEGI Pan-European Game Information website, which is a video game rating board, reported that video games are actually good for you.
Here is a link.
It's an old article, July 12, 2006.
But at least we know that Europe loves video games.
It's sort of a long URL, but I'll just go over some highlights.
It was about a meeting that was in Brussels on July 6, 2006 that had the consumers, publishers, developers of video games in the European Union involved in this.
They were including parent representatives, panels of experts, psychologists, media specialists,
who were just discussing the whole thing from what I was reading in this article.
There's actually a quote in here that I liked.
In light of such a thorough analysis of current issues and such a lively dialogue, we should not let this intellectual stimulation die out.
ISFE will see to building upon this exchange and make it happen on a permanent and regular basis.
But as they were going through, they were just reviewing the different perceptions based on all sides of the issue
and that it was coming through that basically the games have innovative effects on, you know, you can use them for education, treatment of behavior problems, attention deficit disorder.
They're even going into manned space exploration.
There's all kinds of different applications that video games themselves apply to.
I mean, if our army's using them, then there's got to be something there, right?
Sorry, you should post that link for the chat room.
I bet they'd get a kick out of that article.
Oh, I...
I accidentally closed it.
Where the hell was that kind of information when my parents wouldn't let me get a game system when I was in high school?
I'm posting in the chat room right now.
Thank you.
Videos don't rot your brain.
Alright.
The television does, and then the aliens suck your face off just like in that episode of Doctor Who.
But you play video games on the television.
Anyway.
Moving on.
Wow, this is a long one, too.
I guess I'm going to go over this.
I'm not sure.
Wow, this is a very long email.
Sorry.
I'm just going to say it's from Kenji.
Kenji?
To go with this, congratulations on your upcoming 200 episodes.
I've been watching OLR since the late 80 episodes, and while I've been unable to watch you guys on a consistent basis... That's amazing seeing we're a radio program.
Hey, I applaud your perseverance against the Machina-dominant, big-wig, video game journalist.
Praise Yevon Er... I mean, Orange Islands Radio.
I have a feeling this is going to be a long email, please brace yourselves.
I went into the email box and actually read the email.
Was this the one that was about the really in-depth analysis about Sony?
I think.
I could be crossing my wires here.
E3 and Mardi Gras.
Oh yeah, there's the Sony Microsoft deal gameplay, yeah.
It's long, okay.
Okay, I'll go with the gameplay.
Since the handheld love, the adoration for everyone's favorite innocently yet so vulgarly named Wii, games with the ability to simply pick up and play, and of all things retro gaming, see the Intellivision Live's console and target, the mock-up 2600s that now store pretty much every good Atari game within its tape deck-like cabinet, the TV games that were on everyone's Christmas wish list a year ago or so,
Because there is a growing community that realizes that maybe the forefathers of video gaming had something going, Pong graphically sucked balls.
Great description.
But it still has the staying power due to its, at the time, imaginative gameplay.
Super Mario Bros.
was beautiful in the fact that it only took at most two lives for even the most dimwitted of people to get the hang of what you had to do, and the list goes on and on.
I'm going to keep going a little bit.
In fact, what do the majority of people who game on their PSUs, NES, SNES, Neo Geo, and Genesis emulators nonetheless?
That's a good point.
Gunpei, who is Mr. Yokoi's magnum opus for the Wonderswan, is now being remade for the current bit generations and touch generations.
Our catering to a whole new type of game, our Xbox Live Arcade, is an ingenious Microsoft strategy that I applaud even if I do loathe their very being.
Yeah, it's a really long email.
And actually, if you don't mind, I would like to actually put this letter up on our forums.
All right.
So if you're listening, which we hope if you're listening to the podcast right now, just shoot me an email at jamie at orange.radio.com and let me know if you're fine with that.
Sweet.
You know, just to respond to that about the retro gaming, I think the person's got a good point there.
I love Xbox Live Arcade as well.
That practically sold the system for me.
because the launch titles didn't rock my world but I knew that Arcade was this great thing and there were a couple launch titles I wanted.
But I think...
Even if a game is old and has basic graphics, it doesn't mean it's going to be a bad game.
And I think people do have a lot of respect for the retro graphics.
And, you know, of course, a little game called Geometry Wars, I think, woke everybody up to that fact, really, in this next-gen battle.
So I think you are going to see the retro factor really start to kind of crank up a little bit in this next-gen.
There's actually a very good comparison to one of Tezuka's comics.
and I guess the current industry.
I really want to put this up on the site.
It's very long and I'm not going to do it justice reading it over the air.
So I'd really like permission to post it up on the site.
Just let me know, please.
All right.
Any more emails?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
No, I have no more email.
One week you weren't here.
I went to the mailbag.
It was like nothing there.
I was like, wow.
Jamie was gone.
Okay, no need to email.
Hey, watch that ego.
Hey, my email is great.
Okay.
Okay, this is from, I guess, Stickaxe?
I don't have a signature on here, so I'm just... Oh, Eric, sorry.
You guys are absolutely the greatest audio-only entertainment out there, no questions asked.
My name is Eric, and I write to you from Indiana.
Loki, you are amazing, awesome, superior, great, mighty, sweet, strong, marvelous, almighty, godlike, admirable, excellent, satisfying, pleasing, respectable, gnarly, stupendous, and honorable.
Who was that?
What?
Who was that that they were talking about?
They were talking about Loki.
Oh, is this the one?
Yeah, that was the one I mentioned.
No, I know, it's funny.
Jamie, you are just absolutely amazing.
Oh, thank you.
Skye, I'm sorry, man, but you honestly have to try and shut up for more than 10 seconds at a time.
As he drinks his ginger beer.
Not talking.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
Nope, sorry.
Can't talk.
Listeners don't like me talking.
I talk too damn much.
I like you talking.
Nope, I make this show too gay.
I can't talk anymore.
This Rob is... Our show is... This Rob is gay.
This Rob is very gay.
What is wrong with this Rob?
He's so gay.
He gays up orange line radio.
Rob is our facilitator.
Rob is our facilitator.
Maybe I do talk too much.
Keep in mind, kids, what I do for a living, I talk all day to people and they are paid to listen to me.
I'm a trainer, basically.
I can't shut up.
It's my nature.
I'm sorry.
Hugs and kisses.
With all of that out of the way, I was seriously wondering something.
The one I got was crap.
Probably mentioned it on one of your earlier shows, so I apologize.
I'm a big fanboy of the show Stargate SG-1.
Oh, I love you.
And last year I heard there was going to be a Stargate SG-1 video game coming out later that year.
I was really excited about it at first and sort of forgot about it as time went on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I know the answer to the guy's question but I can't talk.
It was canceled.
They did cancel it.
If you want, however, I did take pictures of their area.
I took pictures of the game.
I can get all that up.
Actually, our gallery from that E3 should still be up.
I think it is.
So a lot of my pictures are there.
You can check them out in our picture gallery on OrangeOwlRadio.com.
Who remembers?
Why did they cancel that?
Because Stargate really does have a nerd-tastic following to it, and that's not a bad thing.
It's a good show.
It's pretty good.
It's a first-person shooter, and I think it was really great.
I wish they had kept going with it, because I would have bought that day one.
Solarwing in the chatroom read my mind.
Battlestar Galactica, the video game, that's just a matter of time, yes?
One would hope.
I want a Doctor Who video game, because I'm into my Doctor Who fandom.
But as for the very end, I'm also becoming a bit confused.
Would it be possible for you guys to list every gaming console you've ever owned in your long lifespan, please?
We do not have a show long enough...
Because I still currently own them.
Unless you've got time for me to list off about 40-something video game systems.
Sorry.
I'm a virtual boy.
You know, I was just thinking, if they made video games out of TV shows I watch, video game industry would die.
Big Brother the game.
Big Brother the video game.
For anyone that reads my live journal, I never talk about games.
I just talk about the TV show Big Brother.
Can you imagine Big Brother the video game?
Three people in my car, me who does not watch TV, I just buy box sets, talking about Big Brother.
Press the A button to continue.
But first, a live eviction... Never mind.
DMN hates me, there it is in chat.
What?
DMN, you bastard.
He doesn't really hate me.
And look.
SolarWing says Big Brother could be an MMO.
VidPower admits to watching Big Brother.
I know we have UK listeners, and I know it's a completely different show here than it is over there, but I know it's crazy over there.
Anyway, sorry.
Video games.
Yes.
Okay.
This one comes from Distinct.
Hey, all.
The store I run sells games, and we've got release dates for Wii games coming November 1st.
I know these usually change a lot, but I think if Nintendo was going to do an October launch, then the games...
would be listed for October.
So it looks like to me the Wii is going to drop a week or two before the PS3, which we have dates for games as well, and they're all around the same time as the PS3 launch.
Here are some release dates for other titles.
Loki probably is on top of this already, but in case something's different from what you've heard, Lost Planet, Xbox 360, January 31st.
Soprano Xbox 360 November 14th, Darkness Xbox 360 March 31st, Superman Xbox 360 December 1st, and Rainbow Six Vegas on Xbox 360 November 15th.
And a lot of other titles dropping the same time as PS3 launch.
Oddly enough, we have no confirmed date for Gears of War, which has actually had a date announced to the press.
Anyway, great show.
I thought I'd try and give some info, but like I said, you probably know this already.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think I might want to pick up that game.
I really might.
It's not as awful as the one that was on the Nintendo 64.
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
At E3, it was awesome.
Imagine Grand Theft Auto, but you're Superman.
Hey, I'd be all over that.
It'll be as badass as Superman on the Atari 2600 was.
Or maybe, what was it?
Death and Return of Superman, one of the few beat-em-ups Blizzard ever made.
Okay.
Well, anyways, while we're on the subject here, I thought I would, you know, clear up a few things.
Um,
Let's see, as far as release dates go, I think that was about right.
Remember, I know Lost Planet is coming out in January because they were saying that no other games are coming out in January and you'll pretty much own January.
Now, I know there have been a lot of... I'm sure that you saw this too in our wonderful Under the Radar thread that we have in our forums.
There have been a lot of the stories that we've been talking about have appeared...
and so on.
I know he doesn't listen to the show very much, but Bad Bobby, no cookie for you.
Well, to go ahead and gear this back towards the email.
You've got a story coming up that addresses something we brought up last week.
You're trying to make a preemptive strike here.
Let her finish the damn email.
Warrior Bob writes in and says, Hey there, OLR crew.
It's been like a year or something since I've written in, but you're still awesome and I'm still listening.
Thanks for all the great podcasts.
for all the great podcasts.
Comments for each of you.
Sky, I was just listening to your last podcast and you were asking about disconnects in Street Fighter 2 HF on Xbox Live.
I can assure you that a disconnect counts as a win for the person who didn't disconnect.
I got my achievement for 20 wins online when the other guy timed out.
Hot.
Okay, good.
Good to know.
Thank you.
Loki, a friend of mine runs a college radio show about video games at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo and called me on
Frequently as a co-host.
Like any person, I've got influence in how I approach something.
After a few months of broadcasting, I realized that even if I don't agree with you all the time, even most of the time, your style on air is basically my biggest influence and I wanted to write and say so so that you can have the ego boost you rightfully deserve.
That was the equivalent of a man hug, I think.
That was very nice.
One to me, Byright is a false icon.
Yes!
Damn them to hell!
Wow, my ears are ringing.
Sorry.
I'll hold the microphone away.
Alright, I know.
Didn't help me in studio.
You guys all rule and I look forward to this week's show just like I do every week.
Take care.
Oh, that's so nice.
Thank you.
Oh, I love the ego boost email.
Maybe we should run down to Cal Poly and do a show.
I think so.
Was that the same person that wanted us to go there to do some type of panel thingy?
That was about a year ago.
We couldn't make it at that time.
It didn't work out, unfortunately.
We need to go on the road.
We do.
We need to go on a college tour across America.
Make sure that you have kegs with good beer.
Just bring Guinness kegs.
Bring Guinness, bring bass.
Drunami will be our roadie.
Bring me some fat tire.
Chris can be our tour manager.
Sure.
Sure.
I'm old, I go to bed early.
I like pillow fights.
Hey OLR, this is from DMN, oh my god.
Hi DMN, and this is the one that I said I would read.
I was wondering what your opinion on Guitar Hero 2 retailing for $49.99, this being for the game only.
Do you guys think that with this being the first music game being priced for over $40, that the sales of this game will be hampered, or will this encourage the sale of the bundle to people who already own the game?
Also, your thoughts on Dance Factory.
Thanks.
DDR in the groove even.
I can't imagine...
As far as Guitar Hero 2 going for $49.99, I do think that's a bit excessive for price.
I think that for those of us who already have it, the game should retail around, I'd say, between $30 and $40 and make a really good deal for the guitar bundle.
It's like $60 for the guitar bundle or something like that.
That's how I think it should be.
$50 for the game only is excessive, I believe.
All right.
I was gonna say something last week and I took mercy on you, but dear god in heaven, why? !
Rob is back on Final Fantasy XI!
You traitor!
You are a traitor and a liar.
And you need to be spanked.
Chris, spank him for me.
A little harder, please.
You, Mr. F, quit World of Warcraft.
I did not quit World of Warcraft.
My account is still active.
You sit down and drink your goddamn tea.
Orange Lounge Radio is quite possibly the only video game podcast on the entire internet that has lesbians spanking gay men over MMOs.
And to correct myself, it's sit your ass down on that chair and drink your goddamn tea.
Lesbians are always relevant.
DJ Janai wants me to hit him with the yaoi paddle stick.
I need to make one.
We need to make... Okay.
What's this, we're going to YowieCon?
I heard that coming out of your mouth there.
I heard this, we're going to... No, we as in me and Chris and Megzie and another one of our friends is going to YowieCon this year.
So we need to make Yowie Behave paddles.
Alright, look, we gotta wrap this up because we still have DDR...
We saw the DDR previews of this segment.
And whoever that little rat informant is in chat, I'm going to find you.
I'm going to get you.
I know it's DMN.
I know it's him.
No, it's not DMN.
All right.
I'm going to own DMN anyway.
I'm going to figure out who you are.
I'm going to beat you up.
All right.
Send us an email.
It's Ranchan.
Mailbag at Orange Lounge Radio.
Sorry, Ranchan.
I love you.
I'm coming to New York, too.
And I'm bringing my Yowie paddle.
By the way... DMN says, fuck you, Rob.
Check...
You name the time and the place, I'll be there.
No pants.
Tape it!
It's only porn if you get it on tape.
I am turning this car around and we are going back to On Topic Road.
Right now.
Check the Orange Launch Radio forums because Sky is coming to New York City in October and we'll be doing a meetup, I think, at the Nintendo Store, possibly somewhere else.
I'm not sure yet.
But check the forums for more information if you're in New York City because I want to meet some fans and maybe tape a live segment or something to let our East Coasters have a part on the show.
All right.
Back to games.
Super Paper Mario, a game I'm very, very much looking forward to that was going to be coming out for the GameCube, is now not going to be coming out for the GameCube.
Rumored.
Well, it's a rumor, but this seems like a pretty good one to me.
Rumored until Thursday when they announce it officially.
I don't understand why they would continue to build all these GameCube games.
Well, I mean, I guess the Wii can play them.
Yeah.
You know what I think?
Okay, so Super Paper Mario, obviously, is going to be...
Coming out for the Wii.
This is coming off some IGN dude's blog that says, Hmm, how should I write this?
Have to be vague, you know?
Let me just say that, yes, Paper Mario will be headed to Wii and not GameCube.
Now, read between the lines, damn you.
Wait, that was a terrible hint.
Alright, that's it for today.
Time to beat Bozone.
And that was coming from Matt Casamassina from IGN, who apparently gets more insider knowledge than we do.
Whatever.
Look, I would bet anything maybe it's one of those games where
There's more features on the Wii than there are on the GameCube.
Not like Zelda where there's two separate versions, but I think about those games like the Zelda games that were on the Color Game Boy.
When you put them in the Advance, you got the Advance Store.
Like, what was it?
Oracle of Ages, Seasons, whatever that was.
You had extra stuff if you played it in the Advance.
That would seem logical to me and a very Nintendo thing to do.
That's pretty interesting that Matt Casamena...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Okay, to this credit though, I'm actually going to give the doubt, you know, if they went to Ubisoft and talked about it directly, they probably didn't get it from the show, but doesn't that validate what you were saying last week, at least part of it?
What I'm saying, I don't say that, you know, it's not legit and they...
DarkSakura.com
For example, other things that kind of go along with that.
One up ran a story this week talking about the PS2 Slim coming out in a silver color, as reported on episode 196.
Kotaku reported on a brand new PSP Entertainment bundle that's going to be coming out, as we reported on episode 196.
This story, of course, we talked about, came out last week, we talked about that.
IGN also ran a story about the grim adventures of Billy and Mandy coming out for the Wii as reported on episode 195.
And then, yeah, so it's not a big surprise here.
You know what?
Our t-shirts should have that big, should have that picture of the alien spaceship that you see on it.
And it says, I believe, and then in parentheses, OLR.
That could be our shirts.
I want to believe, OLR
We're just giving Bobby a hard time.
I know, we love Bobby.
Bobby's awesome, but I always have to give him... Allgames.com, Sunday nights, 5 o'clock, Bobby Blackwolf Show.
It's rad.
So, alright.
Are we ready for the next story?
Next story?
I don't know.
I think I'm going to, like, boycott.
Why?
Because I don't like this game.
Well, read it anyway.
No, I know.
Um...
Anyway, there is going to be a progressive scan in 16 to 9 widescreen mode for Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam.
On what system, does it say?
Well, it's only for the Wii.
Oh, the Wii?
That's, you know what, that's neat, that's great, but not too surprising because when we saw Elebits at the Konami thing, it was running widescreen.
Yeah, and it was supposed to be, I think they were supposed to be doing 480p and widescreen on the games anyways.
Weren't all the games we saw at E3 on widescreen?
I think so, so.
It's kind of weird.
I mean, not to belittle your story, but I'm just saying, you know, because somebody else picked up that story, I'm just kind of like, well, weren't they all kind of showing in widescreen anyway?
I don't know.
Maybe because people are ragging on the graphics of the Wii, saying it's not going to be as good as the other systems.
I think it looks fine.
Here's something to show that, hey, at least they still support widescreen.
It's a little something.
Yep.
And also, they showed the first screenshots of GT on IGN, and it actually looks pretty cool.
It's all cel-shaded, so it kind of reminds me a little bit of, like, Crazy Taxi, but a racing game.
So, I don't know.
I like it.
All right.
Cool.
I just want to point out as well, I saw part of the reason that Final Fantasy XII has taken an
and so on.
DarkSakura
Excitebike, F-Zero, Kid Icarus, The Legend of Zelda, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time, Mario Kart 64, The Original Metroid, Mortal Kombat, New Adventure Island, Ninja Gaiden, Outrun, Pac-Man, Prince of Persia, I imagine the original, Punch-Out, R-Type, Rayman 2, Sonic the Hedgehog, Star Fox, Super Mario 64, Super Mario Brothers, Super Mario Kart, Super Mario World, and Tecmo Bowl.
R-Type, R-Type, R-Type, R-Type
Where some of the more Genesis games are.
They'll probably just slowly roll out, don't you think?
I don't know.
I'm kind of a wait and see.
I want to see how this thing's going to look.
To be honest, Virtual Console is awesome and stuff, but it's not why I'm buying the system.
Well, now we're going to get into a part of the show that I think a lot of you guys have been waiting for.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Some folks criticized it for how diverse it was.
But it's going to be interesting.
I think you're going to find that Ultramix 4, the song list was previously announced and posted to our website.
There's a lot of...
XBOX 360
D.D.R.
Universe, D.D.R.
Ultramix 4
And that's pretty much going to be the same rhythm we're going to do throughout the promotion.
It's two songs from each game each week.
And I guess we should just get it started, shouldn't we?
Yes.
So here's tonight's first song.
Tonight's first song is from DDR Universe.
And this first one is going to be a long version because we have some long versions sprinkled out throughout the promotion.
This is a brand new original song and it's by an artist called Drew Campbell.
And the song is called 8-Bit.
And I think what you're going to dig about this song is that the title describes the sound of the song.
So I think you guys are going to really dig this track.
So here it is to kick off our series of DDR sneak peeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
This is Drew Campbell with 8-Bit from DDR Universe, the long version.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Coming soon to DDR Universe, that was Drew Campbell with 8-Bit here on Orange Lounge Radio, the DDR Sneak Previews.
And speaking of 8-Bit, we've been running a contest here on the program recently.
It's called Beat the Host, and it had to do with guessing the songs that we were playing from 8-Bit video games of the past.
And we have one of the winners on the line with us tonight.
Say hello to DMN, everybody.
How you doing, DMN?
You're going to be listening to Edge of Control by John D. and Spesh.
Outro Music
DDR Sneak Peeks
It's a remix of a song from the Echoing Green.
So this is coming to us, I believe, from the A Different Drum license.
And it's remixed by Echo Image.
So here it is from DDR Universe.
This is Echoing Green, remixed by Echo Image.
Heart with a View, here on Orange Lounge Radio, TDR Sneak Peek.
Look into the sky, feel the wind blow Look into my eyes, there's a window
Echoing Green, remixed by Echo Image here on Orange Lounge Radio.
That is Heart with a View coming up to DDR Universe.
Alright, one more song for the previews tonight.
This is another song coming to you on DDR Ultramix 4.
It's by a group called Funk Police.
This is The Problem here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
All right, that was The Problem here on Orange Lounge Radio by Funk Police, and that's going to bring to a close our first wave of DDR sneak peeks.
So to recap, tonight we had from Dance Dance Revolution Universe, we had Drew Campbell with 8-Bit, and then Echoing Green remixed by Echo Image.
Heart with a View is the name of that song.
And then from DDR Ultramix 4, we had The Problem by Funk Police, and before that we heard Edge of Control by Joni and Spesh.
What happened to Loki's mic?
It's somewhere.
I ate it.
Use this one in the meantime.
Somebody stole my microphone.
Oh, there it is.
It was by the donuts, you dumbass.
Damn, those donuts.
I think that the microphone snuck off to have some donuts.
It was okay.
I like them.
All right.
Good deal.
We'll have more for you guys here next week on Orange Lounge Radio.
And that, I believe, is going to bring to a close Part A of our podcast.
It's been quite a long half thanks to those previews, so we're going to take a quick break.
We'll be back.
Don't get started again, lady.
We'll be back a little later on with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
