Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 198 for this September 3, 2006.
If you're listening to us on the podcast feed, remember that Orange Lounge Radio is distributed
in two parts.
Part A rolls out Monday morning and Part B rolls out somewhere between Tuesday and Wednesday
whenever we feel like it.
You have to go back and listen to Part A to really get the full experience of what's going
on tonight.
What is going on tonight is that Loki and I have been partaking in a little bit of alcohol
because it's a three-day weekend, but please drink responsibly.
Do not follow our example unless you are responsible like we are.
We have Mikl Tov here, who's completely sober, our special guest tonight, babysitting us.
So go back to part A and catch up on your Orange Lounge radio, and for now, we'll get
back into the gaming news on this part B. Loki, start it off.
Okay, anyways, to start things off, like I said in part A, I've been playing some Saints
Row, and got some good news, there's new download content coming soon.
Now this content I'm not sure if it's going to be downloadable through live or through
like kiosks because if you remember correctly and this really hasn't been advertised too
much but the demo kiosks that are in like you know your best buys and your game stops
and whatnot they actually do have content you can download off of there onto a memory
you know card so if you do happen to have you know one of the memory units for the 360
you might be able to get some good stuff including some brand new outfits and clothing for your
Saints Row characters, including such wacky things like a samurai helmet, a leather eyepatch,
a fake tuxedo t-shirt, which is awesome, some tropical shirt. Can you get a Moomoo like
you can in Dead Rising, because that is the best costume ever. Possibly, but not yet at
least. You can get a spiked leather jacket. Who made Saints Row, THQ? Dear THQ, Moomoo,
Please, thanks, love Skye, orange lounge. Anywho, you've also got leopard slash tiger
skin boxers, leather chaps, crazy bunny slippers, a skull ring, a saints row medallion and saints
row wristband, as well as some tattoos, they have a large and small panther, rattlesnake,
biohazard sign, an unk, and a spider.
So that's pretty sweet and apparently you can get it pretty soon.
They've already got some screenshots of these things, including someone who's wearing all
of them at the same time and he looks like a freak.
Awesome.
Now of course some folks are noticing the Saints Row has a few problems with it.
Now Volition, one of the developers of the game there, they are aware of the problems
and they are working on a patch right now.
These are things that are supposed to be in the patch.
Improvements to the way the game handles packet loss and bandwidth management between players.
This will address lag and general synchronization problems between the player's clients and
so on.
The system for rating a player's quality of service has been improved and made less conservative.
This means you'll see many more matches with 10-12 player limits.
Fix for the closed stealing exploit in multiplayer, fix for widescreen formatting issues and certain
resolutions and changes to the matchmaking phase.
to get players in the game faster.
Yeah, it is kind of.
Kind of like that first,
you remember that first Halo 2 patch did a lot of that.
That's good, because I know the multiplayer
as it is right now, at least the game I played
was pretty unplayable, so.
You know on my friends list on Xbox Live,
Saints Row is easily the most popular game right now.
Nobody ever plays Final Fantasy XI on my friends list.
I've seen maybe one other person playing Enchanted Arms.
And you know what?
What?
And we do have a gang on Saints Row.
The O.L. Army is there.
and um... all you need to do it's pretty simple
let me know if you've got the game you know send an invite if you're not a
friend of uh... loki oler already
um... and basically what i'll do is i'll send an invite to join the gang and i've
done that already
even with people there's a thread in our forums right at orange I'll show you there's a
thread but even even people like i see em playing saints row i'll send em an
invite i'll jump in the game real quick and send an invite
so
try that out i mean i'm just trying to get some people to join up
Obviously, we're not really going all hardcore at this but you know, I think later on down the line
It'd be fun to do a multiplayer game, you know, maybe deathmatch versus everyone be kind of fun. So I
Don't know something to think about fun game though multiplayer. Yeah, I'm curious to get out. I notice other
Podcasters on my friends list are playing the hell out of this game like gamer Andy
I don't think I've seen playing anything else but this
God-free from gamertag has been playing a crap load of Saints Row
So I think we need to form a gang and take some of those guys on in a multi podcast tournament
Hopefully it will work this time. I'm like a
This is my only
Stimulation no teams if it is gonna be something I want to be like an all-out grudge match
You know, like, you know eight people on eight people eight people against each other, you know
So you can have a couple people from each podcast, but everyone for themselves. All right, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens
so now
We're gonna get into some release dates. Yes Loki if you don't have Saints Row yet
There might be some other games you can get soon. There are some other games for the u.s. Lots of stuff actually coming out
This week, of course, if you're a NASCAR fan, you can look forward to it on the PlayStation 2 Xbox and the PSP
Also on those systems. Well, not the PSP
But you're gonna be getting spy hunter know where to run which a kind of a classic remake of the old
you know arcade shooter series also which is supposed to be coming out as a movie later
on.
For your 360 fan so Test Drive Unlimited is coming out as well as Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged
Volume 1 will be also hitting the streets.
Loco Roco is coming out on the PSP this week and Yakuza on the Playstation 2 is going to
be coming out this week and those are going to be the big ones for this week.
And also of course next week the big thing is probably going to be Lego Star Wars 2 as
well as Rule of Rose, which I hopefully look forward to talking about soon.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
Did you have news about price drops too?
Ah yes, I did.
Lots of fun stuff getting price drops.
The D3 announced this week that Naruto, the Gameboy Advance game Ninja Council, is going
to be added to the player choice lineup as well as-
And they will pay you $5 to play their game!
Hey!
That game wasn't that bad.
I'm just teasing.
I'm teasing.
I don't think.
I mean, sheesh.
were getting added to that as well as the GameCube version, Naruto, I want to say, no
it wasn't Ultimate Ninja, whatever, the GameCube one, I don't play the GameCube that much anymore.
But if you have like a 360 and you may not have joined up in Vanadil yet, Final Fantasy
11 is going to be dropped to $29.99, which is pretty awesome.
Come to the dark side.
And then if you have...
And if you really can't wait for some FIFA action, FIFA World Cup 06 for the 360 is dropped
down to $39.99 as well, FIFA 07 of course coming out in October, so not too far off,
but you still got to wait.
Now Dark Sakura does have the night off because of her anniversary and that doesn't mean though
that we're going to neglect our fans over in the UK, we're going to show you a little
love with some of the release dates that you guys are getting in the very near future.
Dead Rising is coming out on the 8th finally for you guys, with some better box art I think
than what we got here.
See the new box art?
It's slightly better, yeah.
It's kinda hot, I like it.
So, maybe it was worth the wait, okay, probably not.
The only thing I don't like about the box art, no representation for the Servbot head.
That's true, that's true.
But the game is pretty hot, so you guys in Europe have been waiting long enough for it,
so you finally get it on the 8th.
Enchanted Arms is also coming out for you guys on the 8th.
Also coming out for you guys, Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins on the PSP.
I forgot that was also coming out this week here if you're a PC gamer you have two games coming out secret files a
Tunguska and warfront turning point looking ahead to the week of the 15th on the PC call of Juarez faces of war
Gtr2 broken sword the angel of death, but if you're a little bit more of a console gamer
you do have Yakuza and NASCAR o7 to look forward to on the PlayStation 2 and
Should be pointed out calendared right now for September 16th
Mikotov you like this UK finally getting Suikoden 5 I don't care about
them so wow you're polite yeah did you like Suikoden 5 is it a good game in the
series I think so but I helped write it so which means we have to make double
fun of it yay I wish we could get the original Japanese version instead
because the English version sucks.
Nobody heard you.
Just kidding.
Anywho, speaking of things that suck and happen to be from Konami.
Is it Bomberman?
No!
A Bomberman Zero?
Actually, Konami has licensed Frogger to be made into a little portable gaming device.
This device is going to be kind of like a tablet system.
It's going to feature 25 8-bit games, including Frogger, as well as some forgotten titles
like Vitamania, Funny Fungi, Stuntman, and Daredevil, or Stuntman and Daredevil, that's
okay.
I haven't heard those.
Anyways, it's got a 2-inch backlit TFT LCD display screen as well as some fun little
white shell for it that's also lime green magenta and orange and we'll be able to be
hooked up to your TV kind of like a plug and play type of thing. It's supposed to retail
oh and by the way it does not come with the plug and play hookup kit that is another ten
dollars but the tablet itself will be $29.99. Okay, seriously Kami, I really love you guys.
I mean seriously, Castlevania, DDR, Contra, Silent Hill, Gods among games, even Suikoden
is not that bad, gods among games.
But seriously Konami, get over Frogger.
Let the damn frog drown and be done with it.
Oh by the way, put those resources towards something else, I beg of you, please.
That is what the device looks like by the way.
It looks like poop.
It looks like a cheap knockoff of the Game Boy Advance.
It looks like kind of like a Wonder Swan in a weird way.
I don't know, to me.
Maybe it's just the button layout kind of reminds me of Wonder Swan.
I don't know.
And you?
Perhaps I'm crazy.
You know who you can really blame for this?
Pelican.
Because they're the one putting it out.
Yay.
Fun, fun.
Hooray, hooray.
Okay, look, moving on to other games.
I'm trying to see if there's any feedback in our chat room.
I don't see a hole looks like they're gonna have bus to move on it Darcy. Well, that's Oh burger time burger time
Hey now, I'm a little I'm a little more satisfied. I dark Tetsuya says every effing Frogger game. He can't swim
He's a frog for crying out loud
Good point Jeremy Todd one says let the fog get run over by a semi already. That's our chat room
www.orangeonsready.com click on chat
Hmm interesting. I'm so excited about this port to the DS or at least I was when I first read about it
And then I was a little bit disappointed okay one of the most underlooked Super Nintendo games of all time that was so great was
Sim City on the Super Nintendo, and yes
I know it was a PC game to begin with and the PC game was awesome, too
But the Super Nintendo version kind of added
You know the cuteness factor to it that made the game very cool although my favorite version of this game will always be
The one that was on CD-ROM for Sim City that had the really cheesy news segments in full motion video that was inserted into the
mill of it I was the best thing ever well anyway SimCity is coming to the DS
SimCity is coming through Electronic Arts and it's featured in the latest
issue of Famicu magazine so I read that and I said fuck yes it's gonna be
SimCity on the DS except then I read this it's based on SimCity 3000 and then
I went no
cuz I hate SimCity 3000 like nothing will never be as good as the original
for me but if you like before it's really fun if you like SimCity 3000
then maybe you'll get a kick out of the SimCity DS it's got three main modes of
play build the city save the city and sister city sister city mode lets you
chat with other players and trade landmarks so that's kind of cool so
something to look forward to DS fans anyways one good thing for Nintendo is
is Tecmo is supporting the Wii's virtual console aggressively.
And what does this mean? Well it probably means that you're going to be able to play
such wonderful games like Tecmo Bowl and stuff like that.
They have not said exactly which games are going to be supported on there
but it is going to be coming with lots of stuff so
that's great. I like to see that they're supporting it and maybe we'll get some
Ninja Gaiden stuff as well.
Very cool. Now I'll go to a story about the Wii, talking about the Wiimote.
Basically what's going on, there could be some production issues going on right now.
Go Nintendo picked up a story that was going on about the Nintendo Wii,
and there's a quote here on what's going on with the Wii production.
Quote, the factory has received Wii controller's purchasing order in its sample,
but it's still stuck in testing phase.
From feedbacks of testers, currently the Wiimote and Nunchuck still have a lot of small issues.
small issues, such as the buttons not being sensitive, it's hard to press two buttons
together, and no response occasionally. Uh oh, could this be a bad sign for the Wii?
I don't know, the thing felt fine to me at E3. I don't know what this thing's talking
about, but whatever. Exactly, I mean, come on, they've already
produced some already. I don't see why, in all, it didn't seem that hard to play with
at E3. Yeah.
I mean, if this is in full production, unless they fucked up something in the production
line you know
I don't see why it wouldn't be
I don't believe it to be honest because I mean those things aren't that complex
it's a fucking controller mean
they built tons of controllers for a while now I it's not that different from
like button pushing why I I'm thinking it's a minor issue that's blowing up
into something major
so good I mean if you think about it they've been making console controllers
for a long time now
and that my drinks empty so they put out a problem that is a very big problem
but this is a much worse than Nintendo not being able to make new controllers
my drink is empty this is a problem that must be remedied immediately
anyways I don't think it's a big deal because if you think about it they've
been making console controllers for a long time
and they should be able to get it right so whatever
alright well we are going to go to the skype line right now because I notice
we're getting a call in right now on the skype line I definitely want to take this
call
Orange Launch Radio are you there? I am
sort of. Oh, is that Jamie? Yes it is. Hi Jamie, how are you?
I'm doing okay. It's been a very
busy day. Yeah? What kind of stuff have you been doing to celebrate your anniversary? Happy anniversary
by the way from all of us at Orange Launch Radio and our chat room and all that.
Thank you. Well, on Friday I came home and there were
roses waiting for me, which made me all happy.
You know, I am a girl. I like girl things sometimes. Right.
and we went out to eat at this place called Fats,
which was me actually after we ate, so.
But no, it's this place in Roseville
that's like a expensive Chinese place.
You know what, I'm looking in our chatroom right now,
orangeonshoot.com, and then the chatroom is going,
oh shit, it's Dark Sakura, get in the car, hide!
They've been doing snakes on a plane jokes all night long,
they know they're in trouble.
Actually, one of the people I met at Disneyland,
who was also somebody I've been watching on DeviantArt,
she worked at Disneyland until just recently
was going around putting those, uh, plushie snakes on different characters' heads.
It's funny, she did, like, snakes on a hatter, and did movie files of the Mad Hatter and Alice playing with snakes.
You know, it's been about, what, two weeks since you've been to Disneyland and you still haven't stopped talking about it?
I love Disneyland. No, I know, it's great. Hey, how was your gaming week? What kind of games have you been playing this week?
Actually, I just got done playing a game, the newest addition to the pinball collection.
Uh-oh, what'd you guys get? Star Trek The Next Generation pinball.
Dude, that's awesome! That's a great pinball table.
It is, and the thing about it, Dan got it for pretty much, you know, a steal, you know,
given that the machines go for, what, three, four thousand dollars? He's in the bathroom.
Yeah, don't take him to the bathroom. Don't take the phone to the bathroom, please.
No, but
we got it for a pretty good price, and it needs a lot of work to it, but it came with
like a bunch of extra ramps and stuff, and Dan's gonna put some work into it. I actually went ahead and played it, but we had the glass off.
Oh my God, pinball machines are loud when they have no glass on them, so we were cheating and hitting the targets.
That is a little bit of cheating. That's cool though.
We were like throwing the ball at the Delta Quadrant ramp and everything. It was really cool.
Did you play any console games at all?
I have enchanted arms. I haven't actually played it yet because I've been sort of busy with the whole anniversary thing.
And I played some Super Mario Brothers.
You need to play it before the next show because I want to know what you think of Makoto.
Okay, I will play it.
OK, I will play it.
There's a gay guy in it.
Great.
Yeah, it's interesting.
That's all I have to say.
You know, that makes my inner hag happy.
What, you've been playing Super Mario Brothers?
Like, the new Super Mario Brothers or the old one?
I got one for free.
Oh, cool.
Very cool.
I've been giving it some play.
Did you have any, like, news you wanted
to share with the listeners tonight since you're not here?
No.
OK, I did release dates for you, and we did mailbag.
OK, cool.
I actually, I've been conversing with a few of our listeners being, I've been sort of,
I looked into the box, I'd be honest, I thought that since you would check it for me, I was
like, oh, I'll handle that tonight.
It's all good.
Have fun with your weekend off and all that fun stuff.
I will be there next weekend with a vengeance.
199, can you believe it?
We're almost at episode 200, it's crazy.
Oh wow, that's next week, isn't it?
I know.
Well no, 199 is next week, and then 200.
That's the same, 199 is next week.
Craziness. Anything else you want to share with the listeners, DarkSakura?
Yeah, give me dollars.
Alright.
Put it in the DarkSakura's next anniversary fund.
Alright, you can send those dollars to mailbag at orangehonestradio.com.
Sound good?
Virtual dollars.
Alright. Yeah, you can draw pictures of dollars. That'd be awesome.
Okay. Yeah, okay. New Photoshop contest. Best dollar wins.
Actually, I think they're doing a Photoshop contest right now on orangehonestradio.com of best orange honest radio fake news.
It's pretty funny. I've been looking at that. It was pretty hilarious. I like the first one. Yeah, it's pretty awesome
It's all done like the old death cake logo. It's great
All right, I guess that's it for now Dark Sakura. We'll see you next week. Yep. Definitely. All right. Take care
Thanks for calling in. The other people will hear me. All right, that works
By the way, oh, I have to say wait. We've been drinking tonight
Do you condone this action? I fully do. I was drinking the other night. Awesome
I'm gonna be drinking tonight. All right, sounds good. Have fun, but not too much. And by the way, I need to talk to you later.
Okay, you know where to find me.
Okay, bye.
I like those, you know,
totally personal messages in the middle of the show. No, that's fine. It was funny.
Nellie was talking about how she wanted to bring you Long Island iced tea because the last, or she remembered that one time that you're at the old
apartment and you were trying to run up the wall because you have Long Island I
see yeah I remember that it was a little bit crazy all right anyways some
interesting stuff I'm speaking about kind of running and flailing and stuff
like that they're looking for testers for the Wii and you're gonna be doing a
lot of flailing apparently there's some article posted on MTV news and I'm sure
they're the great source of gaming news. But anyways, saying that they're going into more
of the process of creating and testing the games, and some of the gestures for example
for Marvel Ultimate Alliance, that they brought down, you're actually doing a lot of flinging
about in order to perform some of the moves, because only the buttons they're using for
like A to jump and stuff like that, but still you gotta do a lot of gestures in order to
actually be doing attacks and whatnot. And that includes a lot of arm flailing and stuff
like that. Which should be interesting because I can't imagine playing that four player,
staying next to your buddy or whatever and swinging your arms around. But the game initially
started out with like apparently 20 gestures, but they simplified it down to five. So players
are going to be constantly shooting, webbing, and tossing Captain America shields and stuff
like that so, pretty interesting.
Alright, moving on, now the Wii is all the rage right now and folks can't wait to get
their hands on that and I'm sure a lot of folks will be wanting to play test it just
to be able to say they played it early, but one thing nobody seems to want to play is
the Game Boy Micro, at least in the UK, G-A-M-E or game I suppose, I'm not sure if it's an
acronym for something but I guess you could just call it game for short, a UK retailer
has sent the Game Boy Micros to the bargain bin.
They used to be 69 pounds, now they're running for just 39 pounds, ouch.
So if this is something that you've had your eye on but didn't want to get just yet, now
might be a good time because they've come way down in price.
So in the UK bargain bins anyway.
By the way, 39 pounds is still about 75 US dollars, may not be worth it to import still
because I think they're running a little cheaper than that here in America.
Well, you know, people may not be, you know, lining up for the Game Boy Micro, but they
are lining up for the black DS Lite in Japan, and apparently they haven't really released
any numbers yet, but there's lines blocks long, so it should be interesting, probably
another sellout for the DS Lite, and I know that there's new colors coming to Japan, actually
pretty much all the regions here pretty soon.
I know that weíre getting here in the US the black and pink DS lights which are going
to be coming out I think on the 20th and then I know in the UK theyíre getting the pink
one as well so it should be interesting with lots of different colors people seeing them
eat up that stuff.
Itís just another color.
I donít understand why people are going nuts over this.
No, I already have them pre-ordered my black DS light.
Of course then again Iím going to get the pink one I think unless I have a change of
heart but thatís just because I knew if I bought a white one they would come out with
new color so I waited no no that's not what you're supposed to do you're
supposed to go to eevee or GameStop buy the system when it comes out in the
color you don't want get the replacement plan then when the color does come out
that you want put down the money for the reservation take your old system that
you didn't like back say didn't work then get your new color and then you
still got money for your next replacement plan for the next color you
want like I have I'm gonna get a blue and when it comes out or maybe I don't
know what if those colors don't come out you're gonna be screwed off black that's
better than the white one or just pick a color and stick with it all right we're
gonna go to another segment now and it's a segment that's returning because it
was so popular a couple weeks ago that we're bringing it back well hello I just
picked up a bathroom hi there on the phone yeah my microphone decided to die
it's a DMN what's up hi DMN how you doing I am doing fantastic I just splurged
on a bunch of games I have beat me in the US I have a brand spanking new DS I
am in a great mood awesome wow you've you're set I am well we're bringing back
an old segment tonight actually it's not that old we just did this for the first
time a couple shows ago and it was so friggin popular we're bringing it back
tonight it's called beat the host now damn man you fucking always seem to get
in on our skype line but we're okay with letting you play tonight because I know
you didn't get to play last time. So this will be the first time that you get to play
this game, correct? Correct. Now, the prize we were going to give away tonight was another
space on our MySpace Top 8, but gee, you already seem to have that. So we'll have to come up
with something more creative for you, DMM, if you win tonight. Alright, and you know
what? What? Since we're talking about Game Boy Micros, if the host beats me, I'll give
them mine. Oh, snap! Something on the line tonight. Is that really a prize, though? Because
Because it's a Game Boy Micro.
Alright.
You know what?
What?
It's you, I'll keep it.
Alright.
Well then, you lose.
The gauntlet has been thrown then, this is gonna be interesting tonight, okay, so some
actual stuff.
Okay, DMN, this is what we'll do.
We will give you the same prize we gave the last guy, and you will get to help us with
our Power Preview debuts, meaning you'll be the first in the world to know about some
of these new tracks whenever we get to do them.
Okay.
Which hopefully should be soon.
All right, so anyway, who do you want to challenge tonight and beat the host?
Oh, first off, I don't even know if I need to ask because you work for Nintendo,
but how would you say your knowledge of 8-bit video game music is?
It's pretty decent.
Pretty decent? All right, well, we'll see what happens.
He works for Nintendo?
Yeah, he does. You didn't know that?
No, I didn't.
It's because I came in late. Who do I have to choose from?
All right, here's what you do. First, I have to boot you from the chat room
because you cannot have their help tonight in this game, sorry.
You can challenge either, and don't rejoin yet,
You can challenge either Miklotov or Loki tonight.
Let's do it, Loki.
Alright, Loki is being challenged, so you know what that means, Loki?
Get out!
God dammit.
Alright, while Loki is heading to the isolation room, I'm going to explain how Beat the Host
works.
We're going to play a clip that has ten, tonight it's old school 8-bit Nintendo songs streamed
together in it.
And at the very end of the clip you will have 30 seconds to name back as many of these 8-bit
songs as you can.
Sound good?
Sounds like a plan.
So you can write them down as you go, whatever you want to do, but you only get 30 seconds
to name them back.
Okay?
All right.
All right.
Now Chat Room, you guys can play along.
Omegletov, are you hurt that nobody ever picks you for this game?
Well, they're stupid for not picking me because I'm really bad at this stuff.
It's like an automatic win.
Well, but you basically shat on the prize that DMN was going to give you, so I would
No! You know what? I could have given him, I don't know, toenail clippings and it would have been just as good.
You know what? If they came with a certificate of authenticity, I'll take them.
Ew!
That's kind of gross, but you're on.
You might be able to get something like that from a DDR freak.
Alright.
Jesus.
Here we go.
Here it is. You ready, DMN?
I'm ready.
here is the clip
all right 30 seconds to name them back go dragon warrior excite bike uh yes and yes
Adventures of Bolo, Gradius, Super Mario Bros. 2, Tetris, um crap, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
3, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2, no, um god damn it, no it's not Turtles 1, uh crap,
is somebody helping you, no, five seconds, um, um, OLR the 8-bit game, I don't fucking
know all right time's up you got one two three four five six you know what he
would have beat me that only got three that's not bad well you don't know what
the answers are yet well I got three that he got so that means they're right
fine you got six which is not a bad score and I think you will beat Loki
with this but let's see okay miklotov if you'd be so kind could you go get Loki I
hate to take you away from the Final Fantasy 11 Alkazam websites whatever
won't get any there yeah look he's intoxicated hey hey I'm gonna write him
down this time all right Loki you know how it works you ready pen and paper the
work I'm getting in the taping mode here okay you ready
30 seconds to name him back once it's played here are your 10 songs beat the
host
Hey, shut up, we can hear you!
Alright, Loki, you have 30 seconds to name them back.
On your mark, get set, go!
Friday the 13th, Tetris, yes, yes, Excitebike, yes, Bionic Commando, yes, Super Mario 2,
yes, uhh, I wanna say Super C?
No.
Contra?
Damn it. Um, fuck. I don't know. That's all I got. That's it. I'm sure you got 15. It's just randomly named games
Shit I don't I can't think of anything then to be honest
There's one I recognize but I can't remember it was all right time is up
Let's tally it up Loki. You got five. That's a really good score
And if DMN had been telling the truth about not getting any you would have beat him, but unfortunately DMN got six
6! The host has been beaten!
Or are you just going to beat up DMN because you don't like him?
No, I don't hate him at all. I just want a free Wii.
DMN, I have to know, did you have outside help? Because I heard you talking to somebody there.
I had somebody remembering my
guesses, but in all honesty, he did not give me any single answer.
Alright, alright, fine, fair enough. Alright, I'm sure you guys want to know
what the correct answers were.
Chatroom did a really good job though, I think they got them all, but here they are for you
guys listening on the podcast that were playing along.
Did you beat the host tonight? Let's find out.
Adventures of Lolo!
Friday the 13th!
One of my favorite sleeper hits. I don't care if that game got negative reviews, it's awesome.
Tetris!
That was an easy one.
River City Ransom!
God damn it.
This is the one I thought was Contra.
Oh, I would have thought it was the one coming up.
I thought it was some sort of freaking Konami game.
Excitebike!
And that's like the only music in all of Excitebike is right there.
Bionic Commando!
I played this game so much that it was...
That's the one that I completely forgot to say.
I would have thought you'd know that one, Loki.
I did! I put it that way.
He got it, I didn't.
Oh, sorry, my bad.
Audius, of course.
Dragon Warrior.
I don't think either of you guys got this one. Double Dragon.
God, I used to play that game so much.
And lastly, you guys both got Super Mario Bros. 2.
I'm turning in my resignation in Nintendo. That was pitiful.
Oh no, you did fine. It's hard! Don't do that before you give me the free Wii that I'm going to beat you up for.
no actually i'm thinking later on at some point
during uh... the show we're gonna have like a uh... take-home
beat the host type thing that the good that you guys will have like a week
to send in the correct answers will give away something big like around
christmas night but they're gonna be really fucking hard like really fucking
obscure games
so we'll see
i didn't any proud of beating the host tonight
I am seeing as like I jumped in the show about oh 20 minutes ago. Yeah. Hey, it works at listening live
Any time it ends up working out anything else you want to share with our listeners before I hang up on you. Um
Happy anniversary Jamie, and I'll see whoever's challenging me to Tetris in about 30 seconds
All right, have fun with the chat room in Tetris. All right, take care later. Later
That was fun. Mm-hmm. I will honor the chat rooms request next time we do beat the host
I'm we will do something maybe Sega games. I know some folks want to challenge their Sega knowledge, especially against Jamie because
that girl scary with her Sega knowledge and
Maybe some other you know more current titles, so that'll probably last time we do 8-bit Nintendo for a little while
So we'll see you need to do an all Mega Man one because there's so many different robot bosses
And they all sound the same that might be one for the future
We'll see are you saying that you would be willing if you can just name out guesses
You can just go through all the Mega Man games
Alright. Well maybe you'd have to actually like
only guess one per song like have a like a sort of like a
a list that you have to fill out. Alright let's get back into tonight's gaming
news and
speaking of music we did a lot of music there by the way I hope you guys enjoyed
that segment if you didn't
too bad. No, we always appreciate your feedback mailbag at orangeontraday.com
Some new tracks were announced in the latest electronic gaming monthly
or I guess they're called EGM for short now
because I guess it's the cool thing to go by an acronym
some new songs were announced for Guitar Hero 2
Nirvana with Heart Shaped Box, Primus with John the Fisherman
Stone Temple Pilots with Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart
Anthrax with Mout House, Motley Crue with Shout at the Devil
The Police with Message in a Bottle
The Pretenders with Tattooed Love Boys and get this Spinal Tap
with tonight I'm gonna rock you tonight. That is so awesome that they got spinal
tap in the game.
Where's Queen? There was Black Hole Sun.
You know, rumor is Black Hole Sun is there. There's some
really weird rumor going around on the official Guitar Hero forums that
involves
like PlayStation 3 versions of the game and all this crazy shit.
So I don't know. We'll see. I don't want to have to like this stupid game.
Why do you hate Guitar Hero so much?
It's not fun!
You know what?
I didn't have a good time with it every time I tried it.
I'm with you, Shane.
I'm like about this close to selling back my Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero controller.
But I'm almost like seeing, okay maybe I should wait until this comes out.
I don't know.
Because I figure I'm going to have to buy another one anyways for the 360 if it comes
out so I might as well.
I don't know.
just now they're getting what rush is pretty cool and getting stone temple
pilots makes me happy and I we're running low on liquor so I'm running out
boys and girls okie-dokie bye hey Mike let's talk about mashed potatoes again
we can't talk about us yes dang it we have to talk about best buy and talk
about bully and take about stupid people having too much time on their hands so
So anyways, there's some oddly named protest group called the Pizzaholics that have staged
a protest at a game, or at a Best Buy outside of New York City. And apparently, it's really
weird. Apparently they're just protesting the game, you know, saying that Rockstar is
worse than terrorists, and whatever. You know, I'm really tired of people, you know, protesting
in a game that they don't even know what the premise of the game is, or just how you actually
play the game and whether it actually rewards bullying, because to be honest, from what
I've seen in the game, it doesn't look like you are the bully, it's kind of like you're
being bullied, you know, that type of thing.
I think it was something like you start out being bullied and then you become the bully
later on.
It doesn't matter because all they're protesting is that little image in the corner with the
are in the star there for rockstar
I'm just tired of people protesting crab... protest something else how about
high gas prices or something I don't know
but whatever they're protesting bully for now until the next Grand Theft Auto game
High gas prices doesn't corrupt your kids though
so yeah I don't know
should be good
hi sorry I was just kidding I brought you back more watermelon stuff
What did you bring me back?
Fuck, you didn't want more watermelon stuff, huh?
I'm sorry.
Whatever, I'm fine.
Are you gonna drink it?
I don't want it to go to waste, there's starving children throughout the world who might want
that drink.
Well, I'm not sure how much more I really want to drink.
Do you want to try it?
Do you want the screwdriver?
No, I do not want the screwdriver.
I feel bad.
I will drink the watermelon stuff.
It's just, that cup that you have it in was I think originally a candy dish, and it is
like-
It's been washed-
I don't know how many times-
I know it's been washed, but it's an oversized mug.
It's like fucking huge, is what it is.
fine drink get you big wimp are we cool
am I up is my turn for a story it is
your turn all right is it the bully name
change you guys didn't do that yet no we
have all right good then bullies getting
a name change but only in other
countries and you just talked about
bully yes Loki yes I did and the
protests and the house see the YouTube
thing you know kind of weird it's so
funny props to those guys who had the
balls go down there and do that though
props to you guys bully is no longer
going to be called bully in Europe and
This is according to Eurogamer.
It's going to go to stores under the title Canis Canem Edit,
which is Latin for dog eat dog.
No reason said why they're going to change the title,
but maybe because Rockstar is a little bit afraid
of all the controversy.
That might be a really good thing to do here
is just kind of swap the name around,
and then people will go, I had no idea
what you were talking about.
You know, Rockstar is kind of pussying out, I think.
Yeah, I agree.
I don't think they will change it here in America.
and I don't think that may be the reason they changed it in Europe.
Maybe, you know, they do name changes all the time with games in Europe for weird
reasons, it's not a big deal.
It is a pretty dumb name for the game. Yeah, I don't like that game either.
Anyways, there's some interesting news about Resident Evil for the Wii
and it's actually coming from Tara Platt, who is the voice actress for Jill Valentine,
and she confirmed that the game will feature zombies,
or zombie-like enemies, and plant creatures, as well as a wide variety of
of weaponry. The fact that Mrs. Platt was aware of the weapons in the game infers that
she's voicing a playable character and not just doing a cameo. It says Jill being the
main character increases the likelihood of seeing Carlos and Barry turn up as well. That
would be kind of interesting, maybe they're remaking the first one or something? I don't
know. But hopefully it's not a gun survivor game, because those kind of suck.
Are you looking forward to Resident Evil on the Wii?
I guess.
I found something else funny because apparently she sent them an email, I think this is coming
from Kotaku here, I sent them an email about saying that she's not allowed to verify information
about Biohazard 5 or Resident Evil 5 in Japan or in the Wii game.
That's kind of funny.
It's like, oops, I slipped and then I take it all back.
Alright, I have a quick story for you guys here regarding, also on the Wii, the Legend
of Zelda.
In a tiny little blip that IGN wrote earlier this week, they dropped an interesting little
tidbit.
Twilight Princess will not only be bigger, a horse ride from one side of Hyrule to the
next is rumored to take 45 real minutes to get from one side of the world to the other
on horse. Of course, that's nothing compared to a chocobo ride around Final Fantasy XI,
but... That's very true.
MMOs are supposed to be big, though. That's still pretty impressive, you've got to admit.
You gotta imagine how long it's going to take you to walk, then, from the other side.
Okay, but... Horse will significantly increase the speed.
I'm thinking, obviously, at some point you'll be able to play an ocarina and be able to
warp around. Why do you do that with an ocarina?
Because you have to, it's Zelda. No, they don't always have ocarinas.
They could have something else, a flute, something. You know there's going to be a tornado that
wish you away because they're not going to expect people to actually use 45 minutes to
run from one side unless they're exploring or do they well they'd be stupid if they did
they they made you do that crap in um um what's that game wind waker we had to go and find
the triforce pieces and that was hours upon hours of pain wind waker was a little bit
lame compared to the other zeldas and uh uh that other god-awful 64 one uh majora's mask
Don't even get me started.
You know, to be honest, I kind of liked Wind Waker.
It's okay!
I don't know, I would have rather seen that like, you know, kind of, I guess, not Link's
Awakening but, I don't know, one of the older Zelda's done kind of the same style as Wind
Waker, but actually be, you know, for the GameCube and fully 3D and not, you know, this,
you know, for the DS with Wind Waker graphics type of crap, so anyways, anyways, speaking
of stuff that's kind of crappy. Live ads coming to video games. Yes, that's right. EA has
signed a deal with two ad companies that will stream live advertisement into the brand new
Need for Speed Carbon and of course the upcoming PC and probably next gen game Battlefield
2142. It's quite interesting that they're doing this. I mean, they've also kind of run
into a lot of controversy with, you know, gathering information about their users and
whatnot for god knows what reasons.
Maybe now they're going to be gathering information about their users to advertise to them.
I don't know.
I think if I pay for a game, then why the fuck do I gotta see advertisements in the
game as well?
I mean, it's gonna be kind of stupid when I'm playing around Battlefield 2142 and all
of a sudden there's a Toyota Yaris, you know, fucking billboard.
You know, I gotta be honest though, I think the real ads to some extent are gonna be better
to look at them fake ads. I mean, you know, why not? You have fake ads in games as it
is. In terms of... Some of them are funny. Like, especially, I think about You Don't
Know Jack. Like, that game was so awesome. Listen, okay, the fake ads like in Grand Theft
Auto are awesome. I mean, come on, vivisection. It's hilarious. And ammunition. I don't know.
Uh, a chatroom is saying that, um, Funny Dale says Orange Launch Radio needs to have ads
in Saints Row. Oh, that'd be cool. So what do you think? You think this is the end of
video games as we know it or what? Well it's not the end because you know I can ignore
them just as easily as I ignore everything else. At least they're not having like the
bird king king coming out and fucking you know. That would be awesome. I still think
though they should have made him a playable character in fight night round 3 because that
would have been fucking. I would have bought the game. I would have bought fight night
round 3 just for that too. Just for that. So I don't know. Just put the Muppets into
the fight night engine that would be awesome. I mean I gotta say rumble roses ok true that
game was kind of shitty but it was hilarious watching I mean getting to
play the women beating up on each other was so funny because like you know I was
able to give running commentary on the game and I was just going like ow you
just got kicked in the vagina ow you just got kicked in the vagina and it was
really funny wasn't it Mikal Tov no cuz I had to work on the game and I don't
find anything about that game funny anymore cuz it's obnoxious can you tell
us what you did on the game or is that secret would you rather play Bomberman
act zero rumble roses xx i don't really have my hands cut off um no i just worked on text
would i rather play so rumble roses xx or not have a new sweet code game ever again
um if it ended on five that wouldn't be terrible but all right look anything else you want to say
on this topic loki you know i gotta play through that damn game to get the achievements all right
I don't want to our Skype line is open. Sorry for you. Our Skype line is open boys and girls
You can give us a call. It's a area code 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 60 7
But remember a total charge may apply if you're using that way or you can call us on Skype
Just go to orange on twitter.com. Click on interact with us with all the details or you can call username orange lounge radio for now
Let's go to the phones and take a call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi Ravenstaufen, what's on your mind buddy?
The PSP thing and the DS.
You speak on it very briefly and you said, what is wrong with port?
I enjoy Grand Theft Auto. I enjoy
Super Mario Kart.
There's no need for a PSP vs. DS
War. Can't we all just get along?
saying. Everyone should just get along.
Okay, where do you think the PSP's strengths are and what do you think the DS's strengths are?
Well, I think the PSP's strengths are is in the video games and video games and video.
That's where the strength is.
Okay.
And it really does well with that. And the DS is, you know, DS is good for like,
and that's what the Wii is going to be like. It's going to be like touch screen.
I mean not touch screen.
A different way of interacting with the game.
Yeah.
Well who knows there are rumors that the DS could be used as a controller on the
Wii, much like you could use a Game Boy Advance on the GameCube with that
special little hookup.
So maybe there will be touch screen Wii games in the future, who knows?
Whereas the PSP, you can only use as your rear view mirror on the PlayStation 3.
That was funny, though.
No, in all seriousness, that is a pretty cool feature. Expensive, but good.
I mean, I think it's going to be a lot. Wouldn't you think, if the PSP didn't come along, that
that will be showing, that there will be like, ports of the Nintendo 64 games a lot?
A lot more...
Oh, run that by me again? Because you're kind of, you're kind of cutting out a little bit.
Oh. Okay.
It's like, if the PSP didn't come along, the Nintendo 64, of course, would be on the Nintendo DS, on the Nintendo DS.
Right, that's kind of what a Nintendo DS feels like to me, is a Nintendo 64 with touch-screen graphics.
Yeah, but if the PSP didn't come along, that would all be, it would be like...
Okay.
And I thank the PSP for that and for its innovation.
Okay, I gotcha. Well, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
My internet sucks tonight, Sky.
That's why I'm calling on my cell phone.
All right.
Oh, it's a cell phone.
That answers a lot, because it's a little bit fuzzy.
But that's all right.
We appreciate the phone call, nevertheless.
All right, thank you, Sky.
Have a good week, my friend.
You too, Sky.
Until next time.
Let's go to the phones, orangehonnashradio.com.
Click on interact with us, or 916-226-9067.
Whoa, shit.
Hi, you're on Orange Honnash Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Saku.
Hello, my friend.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Basically, why is everyone getting and you know their panties in a bunch about bullying especially groups
I think they know a lot about the game yet. They're protesting, you know
Misinformation because it's teaching the youth of America how to smoke crack and worship Satan
Actually bullies teaching them about the the right thing to do fighting back. Well now wait a minute
That's a thing. It's a pretty that you debatable. Look every family can you get put? Yeah
Yeah, I mean, you get pumped around, you fight back.
My parents didn't choose to raise me that way, they didn't choose to raise me to fight
back.
Oh, did they raise you to use your words?
No, they raised me to go run and tell the principal and then sue him.
Wow.
No, I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding.
But something along those lines, you don't fight violence with violence.
Not in my household.
I sort of suspect that the peace of colleagues are being manipulated by, you know, a he who
cannot be named.
All right.
Okay, well needless to say it's up to a parent how they want to raise their kids or whatever fine
And it was and it should also be up to a parent how they want or what games they want their sorry
I've been drinking a little bit. It's also up to a parent too, man. That's fine
Uh, yeah, you're slurring too a little bit. Um, it's up to yeah, I tried hours ago. Shut up
I'm trying to think uh, it's also up to a parent
how
God damn it. They are it's up to a parent what games they want their kids to play, right?
Yeah, that's true. They ultimately control what the kid actually plays, and that's where all the responsibility falls, not the government.
Not the right of the government to tell us how to live our lives, to an extent. Obviously, murder, stealing, and all that other stuff have to be regulated.
But okay, well now wait a minute now here. Here's another question for you. What about freedom of speech these guys?
Yeah, right these guys have a right well
I'm defending these guys a little bit just be devil's advocate these guys have a right to protest
Just as we have the right to get on internet radio and calm stupid heads
Yeah, I respect that right, but I also have the right to criticize not you know
I'm trying to be very constructive in that I'm pointing out their fallacies like a fact that they're saying that the FCC
see regulates you know you know regulates the the whole content rating
which actually the ESRB does and the fact that they're saying that rock stars
a bunch of terrorists that just blown out of proportion okay I can agree with
that what could these guys do better if they will get their point across
basically they need to play the game and then criticize you don't criticize
something that you don't know or haven't seen or have an experience and that's
That's what people, you know, it's been done already in the past.
People have jumped the gun too quickly without knowing the whole side of the story and they
just made up their mind already.
Yeah, you know what guys, Halo 3 fucking sucks.
I hate to tell you, but it's going to be the biggest letdown of the year.
It's a horrible game, live is so buggy you guys, you won't even believe.
Basically it's just, you know, those people who make up their mind without hearing the
other side of the story.
they're fools. They're just literally fools. They're not that smart to actually, you know,
they don't have the guts to actually experience, you know, the other side of the story and
then make them, you know, make up their mind and what they want to, you know, stand for.
Alright, any other words you have for our listeners tonight?
That was pretty much it and just, you know, don't drink in 2DX.
Okay, I won't. Bye.
Alright man
Don't drink in 2dx, okay
It's chat rooms yelling at me over that halo 3 comment
I was kidding you guys it was it was it was a joke in a way
It was a bad joke, but it was a joke if that makes any sense at all
We'll take one more call if anybody actually wants to call us area code 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67
Remember kids that may be a toll call
We are too cheap to get an 800 number or at least Skype doesn't offer him yet
or you can Skype us, user name OrangeLoungeRadio.
But I'm noticing the phones are a little dead tonight.
It's a little weird for us.
We usually have like tons of people calling in,
but not tonight.
It is a three-day weekend.
Everyone is kind of on vacation.
Out drinkin' at their local Labor Day barbecues.
You know, do you know what was going on?
Do you know?
No, I don't know.
Zords, come on.
Do you know what was going on in town here locally tonight?
No.
And I'm here at this show instead of being at this event.
There's a big gay pride fest going on downtown.
In this, they have Riken from The Amazing Race.
I know you love him.
And probably his boyfriend Lance Bass is there too.
Tiffany and Debbie Gibson on the same stage.
That sounds terrible.
Yeah, but you're a homophobic gay man.
That's true, but it's still terrible.
That's how I describe you to all my friends, Shane.
You're a homophobic gay man.
I know.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's better, Tiffany or Debbie Gibson?
me. Hi, who's me? Me is Drunami. Drunami, you didn't sing Electric Youth, okay?
I could, if I knew what the hell it was. Have you been drinking tonight?
Uh, yes. Then I bet you could sing the first few bars of Electric Youth, come on.
I can make it up as I go. It's electric youth. I have no idea what you're talking about.
Alright, fine. What's on your mind then?
Uh, Miklotov
for one.
uh... sukodin sucks and you suck too for not being drunk
i don't drink anymore
you know i you know we have to respect his right to be sober it's fine
and we don't have to like it
Suikodin does not suck. Somebody has to drive you to life after the show. I'm just saying it to piss you off. You do know that. I haven't even fucking played sukodin.
I know this is just like last time. Did you call in to say anything intelligent?
or did you just come on to fuck up the show that's what i want to know
Yeah, I'm calling to fuck up the show, and, uh...
Then I'm hanging up on you, bitch, unless you have something intelligent to say!
Oh, uh, next time we do Beat the Hosts, I am so in.
I don't care!
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello, this is NintendoManiac64.
Hi, NintendoManiac64, what's on your mind?
Um...
I just berated the last caller, so I'm in an angry mode.
So you better have something good to say, what's on your mind?
Well, this is just a simple question.
I sent in a response to the mailbag, but nobody read it.
We might have read it.
We just ignored it for now.
We might get into it next week.
Well, I guess we'll do your question,
since you have a question.
What is your question?
OK.
I remember something about last year or so
that you mentioned something about an Ogg-Vorbis stream.
Did that ever exist?
A what?
Like an Ogg-Vorbis stream?
Oh, OK.
that would involve us getting off of live 365 which right now we have other
options we're pursuing is all I can say right now so the OGG stream is a
little bit on hold it was something we were exploring previously we do know it
would give a little bit of a better sound than MP3 Pro but we're just not going to do it at
this time. Why? Is there something you want to say about OGG?
Well it's just that I thought of it and I'm like wait I know he said something about Ogg Vorbis
screen but I had no idea what so okay so it must be like a future idea or
something um yes but we have another future idea that's taking precedence
and that's all I can say at this time lame sorry do you have any comments on
tonight's stories otherwise no okay I'm bored let's go I need to drink more
I'm sorry, I do love the collars, I really do.
I think this is what every iTunes reviewer has always wanted us to do to the calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello, this is Jayden.
Hi Jayden, what's on your mind buddy?
Keep in mind I'm in a bad mood, so make it good.
I'm just reading all these DS reviews, I guess you could say.
What's up? Like what DS reviews?
Pardon me?
You say DS reviews?
Yes, DS reviews.
Okay, what's on your mind with the DS reviews?
Actually all these new products, or actually all these full products that I saw for the DS.
Wait, who's writing the DS reviews? Because I want to know if I value their opinion or not.
or not?
Um, actually they're not reviews, they're just products that I think are pretty cool
for the DS.
Alright, well what are they?
Like I found the DS Rumble Pack, I also found the DS TV Tuner, I also found the DS Memory
Expansion.
Is this a website or something?
Um, no, I just have a friend that's looking up random, uh, random DS things.
Okay. Oh, are you gonna buy these, or what?
I mean, he's thinking about it, actually.
Okay.
So, on top of that, um, about your game, Beat the Host.
Yes! Beat the Host! We love Beat the Host.
Yes. You want to get into some really oddball stuff, how about you do stuff from the Atari era?
Okay, look. If you say it, though, then everybody's prepared for it so it's not so offbeat. You know what I mean?
True.
Okay, I do like the idea of Atari 2600 stuff, but here's the problem.
A lot of the folks that listen to our program are like 17, and weren't even a sperm yet when Atari 2600 was out.
Oh, okay.
So, I don't know. I mean, I guess we could, but I don't know.
Would you do an Atari 2600 beat the host?
Maybe. I would probably get it less right.
Well, here's the thing is a lot of Atari 2600 games didn't have music.
We will take it under consideration for the future.
How's that sound?
Pardon?
We will take it under consideration for the future. How's that sound?
Yeah, that would sound pretty good.
Alright.
An Atari 2600 games did have music.
very very very little though but you know like if you are
okay like if you play that sound from pac-man that doo doo doo doo
I would totally know that I mean there certain games have those key sounds
you'll never forget
well yeah also
you're also you're forgetting the
Atari 7800, the Atari 800, the Atari 400
wait okay now you're just getting crazy because
not that many people play those systems I mean we could I guess
But then why don't I throw in VIC-20 games while we're at it? Come on.
Hey, that would be a pretty good idea.
What? You need to throw in those Tiger electronic cells.
But that's assuming that the host would be able to get any points at all. We
don't want to embarrass ourselves through this game.
But you have to cover all genres of games.
Alright, we'll think about it. We're taking all your suggestions under consideration.
Thank you for your feedback. Anything else you want to share with the listeners?
No, I just... Alright, then that's it.
let's get you you're so mean i'm sorry jaded's a good guy too he
really supports us i shouldn't have hung up on him but i'm just feeling a little
i'm a little feisty tonight um should we do one more call
do you want to see if anybody else would call since we're doing short calls
tonight you're only short because you keep
hanging up on them why am i so loud oh because i have the
because i don't know our callers have been kind of quiet so i had to turn it
up in the studio.
Okay.
I don't know, our phone's not ringing now.
So maybe that's it.
Does anybody have a last minute story?
We'll see if the phone rings during the last minute story.
I have lots of last minute stories.
Alright, give us one real quick.
Well anyways, let's talk about the PS3.
Guess what?
You pay $600 for it, you get no HDMI cable.
So it sucks to be you hooking it up to a high end media center or something like that.
So yeah, whatever.
And then of course, some other things, speaking since he was talking about, well they were
talking about accessories for the DS, Europe is supposed to be seeing a DS MP3 player this
October, so that's kind of neat.
And supposedly it's going to be using the flash, what was it, just like those SD memory
cards.
Alright, we're getting another call on the Skypline so I'm going to go to that right
now okay?
Okie dokie.
launch radio who's this no one it's a crank call crank call okay and the last
one I had which was really cool there's five games that are coming to Xbox Live
arcade from the video and you might know them Vidi who happened to be they own
the rights to the Sierra games so we're gonna be getting wonderful games like
Megaforce, which I never played, 3D Ultra Mini Golf, which was fucking awesome on the
PC and I used to play this online all the time, Red Baron, and two other games, one
based on The Incredible Machine and one based on the popular TV series Battlestar Galactica.
I am incredibly excited about The Incredible Machine game, which is kind of ironic.
Wait, where is The Incredible Machine coming out?
Xbox Live Arcade.
Oh my god, that is hot.
That is so hot.
I love The Incredible Machine.
one of the best games they ever did. I love that game. Dude, Sierra or Vivendi who I guess
now owns all the Sierra shit? Yeah. Seriously? King's Quest? King's Quest, Space Quest, Leisure
Suit Larry, bring me these games on a console. Yes, I know I can get most of that stuff through
GameTap and that's cool, but you know I played those games on a computer before. I want to
do something on a console. I want achievement points for King's Quest 4. Is that too much
to ask. You want to know something funny and this is just purely observational. Gamersreports.com,
they have a banner, you know how they have banner ads on websites and stuff like that?
This one has a banner ad for a London escort service. I just thought that was kind of funny.
Cause they have escorts on a gaming news site. I don't know. I'm easily amused tonight. Yeah
I know I'm I'm oh yeah and I'm a little bit there's rumors about rez coming to
the weeb oh yeah yeah I'll be kind of cool yeah I don't know if that's really
anything you know I don't know they've actually got info to back that up but
uh it's probably one of those yeah that would be cool that you know I'm
seriously considering it yeah that was the the the quote here I'm currently
seriously considering it it's always been there it's always I'm always
thinking about it also space channel 5
yes space channel 5 is so awesome
I love that game space channel 5 on the
we do I just can you imagine that like
where you'd have to do like the motions
for like different dances and stuff so
you chew chew so you'd be doing the
dances to that kind of funny
alright anything else that's it that's
going to bring our show to a close them
for this evening I like to go around to
to get everybody's final thought thank you guys by the way for tuning in
supporting independent radio I know we were a little crazy tonight and you know
we appreciate you guys sticking by us no matter what mikkel tov thank you for
being here even though you barely ever talked at all I'm reading what are you
reading what's more important you're chatting on instant messenger at least
be honest well I'm also reading about blue me who are you chatting with on
instant messenger jazz and I don't remember his name on DDR freaking that
That makes me angry, but the guy that sent the cookies for Ultramix 2, I only know him
by his real name now.
I don't remember.
I know his name on Xbox Live, but I can't.
El Mullet.
El Mullet, yes.
I'm talking to El Mullet.
How's he doing?
I haven't heard from him in a while.
I guess he's doing this.
Does he still listen to this show?
I have no idea because I didn't ask him.
Ask him if he's listening.
I'll maybe do that later.
Fine.
We're talking about Dance Factory right now.
Alright, fine.
Yeah, that game came out last week.
Yeah, and it's pretty stupid from what I understand, but it's getting good scores.
It is getting good scores.
Yeah, you know what the scores are?
Well, cuz then you can put any song in it.
Yeah, but all those dance steps are probably crap.
Yeah, and off sync apparently.
And it's iToy mode doesn't work, I guess.
Which makes it equally cool.
Yeah, they have a bundle with a really crappy dance pad coming out in October.
I thought that was funny.
That's something I'll be skipping.
You know what game they should put out over here that's coming out in the UK?
What?
uh... b boy
they look pretty cool
and vaguely remember that
it's like uh... you know break-dancing yeah but it's not the art that have like
uh...
buses a group here
and i would love that actually that'd be a great
great thing
and you know they need
who was it uh...
the tango game
x tango stang x tingles do whatever happened out of the show next thing like
three years ago at e3 no it wasn't there in like 2004 and in 2005 but i didn't see it there last
year or this year i guess it was was it here this year i don't remember i don't i went to the korea
booth constantly i don't remember seeing it um but yeah that game was sweet the kind of stupid
to play it was just fun to watch sorry what's wrong i'm a little bit out of it i've had a
I'm tired of that, and to be honest, you want the rest of this?
Sure, why not?
You're not going to drink anymore?
You're a wimp, you're sober, how many fingers am I holding up?
Well that depends, how many fingers are you fully holding up or all of them?
Two, three, two, four.
If you guys can see this right now, it's the stupidest thing ever.
You can't go out in public if you're like this.
I can I want to go meet your boyfriend at Taco Bell that we were talking about during the bonus
things the live bonus segment tonight. He's totally not working now. All right, we really have to end the show final thought me
Go top. Thank you for being here. I'm really hungry
Loki your final thought I want to play more scenes for tomorrow
My final thought is I'm really sorry for making a mess of myself tonight. And also I'm sorry to the callers
I hung up on I'm really not that mean usually
Salt here and I'll be able to get more drunk next time is I can drink faster that way
All right, thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting Independent Radio.
You guys are awesome.
Next week on the program it is episode number 199.
We're hoping to have a good interview for you next week, otherwise we'll be saving all
the good stuff for episode number 200, which is just around the corner.
And hopefully, I don't know for sure yet, but it looks like the power previews may be
back next week.
So it's definitely an incentive for you guys to listen live if you're not already.
So we'll see you next week.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening.
Have a great week, and don't drink and drive.
It's bad.
Have a good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
