Orange Lounge Radio
There's a host, Dark Sakura, Sky, and the Lowkey
Tonight, September 24th, 2006, PlayStation 3 reaction from the Tokyo Game Show
Cold Shooter Classic is about to get a sequel
and the company that makes music game controllers sues someone over music game controllers
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet
Welcome once again to Orange Lounge Radio
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, and the gamer culture and lifestyle
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura, Miss Jamie Summers
Roar
How you doing?
Roar
Roar?
Roar
Or Zip
Or A-R-J if you're old school
Roar
Roar
Also say hello to the one and only, Tech Master, Lowkey
Hi
How you doing?
I'm frustrated
Why?
Because certain things aren't working the way they should be
I see
Don't you hate that?
I do hate that
How things are described is very simple, yet never are
Welcome to life, here's your manual
Also say hello to joining us tonight
Once again, we're going to have to ban you from the show pretty soon
You're here too much, no I'm kidding
Say hello to Drunami
7-Zip is the wave of the future dammit
Whatever
We're a little bit cooled off this week
We had a pretty exciting week last week obviously with our 200th episode
But we're back here for episode 201
Doing the same stuff we're used to doing every week
The show's back to be in just two parts, of course we release on the podcast stream every Monday
And about Wednesday is just when you can expect to see part B
Or if you want to hear the whole thing in bulk you can listen to us live when we record on orangelaundry.com
On Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time
Or you can listen to our rebroadcast live of parts A and B that plays on all games radio
Over at allgames.com and that plays Monday nights at 5 o'clock Pacific
Or I believe 9 AM on Tuesdays
So if you're an early bird you can always catch that and you can hear all the show before it hits the podcast stream
Anyway we're going to start off as we always do talking about our gaming week
Or in DarkSakura's case perhaps her pinball week, I don't know
Yeah really actually all I played this week was Star Trek The Next Generation Pinball
Which we finally have mostly working except for a couple of really crappy soldering jobs
Whoever the previous owner was just like oh let's just put a bunch of goo here and solder it
And let's use hot glue to put this ramp back together and all this crap
Well Dan's been working on it, it's working just fine now
And other than that I ain't played crap because I've been like ugh
I've been sick all this past week
Pinball's still a type of game, I mean it's still
Pinball is what we had before Pong
Pinball is the backbone of the gaming community
Well them's big words there but I would agree
Without pinball we would not have our arcades
In the gaming tree pinball is an essential branch
Pinball is the root
I know I've said it before on this show, pinball was something I went to the arcades to play before DDR
Because I didn't play a whole lot in the arcades before that
Maybe your occasional Street Fighter 2, you know back when that was huge
When I was in junior high school using E. Honda's 100 hand slap
Look I was 100 hand slapping bitches long before Xbox Live
I remember going back in the old days and playing Old Black Knight
Before it had a digital display
Playing the Time Machine one
Before we had digital displays, Pinbot
I was going to say Pinbot was the shit
Was Pinbot, I'll ask you this then we'll move on
Was Pinbot on the NES a great thing
Or a horrible mistransformation of the pinball experience
Believe it or not I didn't have it
The first pinball game that I actually played on a home console
Was this like Gator game on the old school Gameboy
Oh god, Revenge of the Gator
Revenge of the Gator and Devil's Crush
On TurboGrafx
Did you ever play Pinball Quest?
No
Sonic Spinball however was my game
Sonic Spinball was pretty awesome
Pinball Quest though is an interesting 8-bit title
It's one of those things like, it was a really good concept
But it was a little bit glitchy sometimes
I do have to agree with Act of Death, Terminator 2, pinball ruled
But we're actually trying to work on getting a Medivhial Madness
Well if you want to join our chatroom and make comments such as that last person just did
You can join our chatroom over at www.orangelandrater.com
Click on chat
One thing I need to tell Jaded is that we have a Guns N' Roses now
Oh yeah
Yeah so we're in the Guns N' Roses Pinball Owners Club
How many pinball tables do you have now? You've got to have at least six
Seven
Oh my gosh
We've got Last Action Hero
Whodunnit
Twilight Zone, I love Twilight Zone
We have Johnny Mnemonic which sucks but Dan likes it
We've got Judge Dredd which actually now belongs to a friend of ours
Because we traded with him to get the Guns N' Roses
So we have Guns N' Roses and we have Star Trek The Next Generation
You're gonna open up an arcade in your garage pretty soon
Actually Dan's busy rearranging our entire house
Trying to get four pinball machines in and two maim cabinets
And yet I still have not come over and played all these pinball machines
I think I need two
He's building me a maim cabinet out of a Tekken 3 so I'm fairly happy
That's pretty hot
Alright well we'll move on
Loki how was your gaming week? Did you play any pinball?
No I did not
That's too bad
Well what did you play?
Well I played Saints Row and did a little bit more than that, that was pretty fun
And a little bit of Bomberman just because I have it
And Cookie Mama, I bought that for Nellie and she hated it
And so I've been playing it
I'm glad you tried to buy the wife a cooking game to teach her a thing or two
You know what
We try but it doesn't work you know
I'll buy it off you if you don't like it
No it's alright
So you must like it then
I play it just because I have it because you know
I've gotten rid of most of my other DS games
Okay explain to us you know because there's probably a lot of people who've seen this game on the shelves
You know it's Cookie Mama and it's gone, what the F is that?
It's basically a bunch of mini games that you play through
Depending on how you complete them you get a score at the end
And basically they have different mini games depending on what dish you're creating
So for example rice you know you'll have the first mini game will be measure out of the rice
And you have to measure it to a line and you have to do it with a time limit
And then they have another one that's a Japanese import game right
Yeah
Okay just
So rice is the first stage
Rice is the first stage
And then you have to measure out the water
It's your joke here sorry
And then you have you know the stage where you have to wash the rice
And then you have the stage where you have to cook the rice
They're all just like basically rhythm and you know
Just kind of like cutting and tapping and stuff like that
Now, see, wouldn't this game be more fun, though, if there was rapping in the background,
you know?
Possibly.
Now, wash the rice, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, like, or what was the, uh, I'm the cooking
chicken.
Well, here's, the problem, the problem with the game is the sensitivity is really, like,
off on a lot of the games, so, you know, you're really gonna get frustrated with stuff, you
know, and, I don't know.
And then there's also some levels, they don't really give you a good description of what
you're supposed to do, so it's kinda hard and you get frustrated real easy, which is
why Nellie stopped playing, because she couldn't figure out what the hell she was supposed
to do in certain levels, because it doesn't really explain it to you, they give you the
option to practice it, but they don't really kind of take you through a tutorial to tell
you how to cook, they're just like, do it!
Because Japanese are smarter, so, that's just, you know, that way that is.
Um, then of course, you know, Grand Theft Auto, because that's fun, um, Zuma, I've been
playing a lot of Xbox Live Arcade stuff.
I played Fusion Frenzy 2, which is part of that, you know, Tokyo Game Show demo thingy
on the live, and Fusion Frenzy 2 sucks balls, and I will not be buying that game.
Why?
It looked interesting to the trailer.
It was extremely lame.
Extremely lame.
What was lame about it?
Well, the games themselves are just dumb, like, there's one level, it's like, we're
trying to be Mario Party, but we're not even coming near Mario Party, it's just all these
mini games that have, there's like no point to them, and they're just dumb.
Well, is it maybe just because it's a demo, and maybe it's just not, all the other mini
games, you know, are just kind of variations of these mini games.
It's just like, you know, there's one of them that you're kind of these gladiator, you know,
American Gladiator type ball things, and you're rolling around, and you basically, okay, who
can cover the most space with their color?
And okay, that's kind of lame.
And then there is another one where you have to pick up boxes and put them in your corner,
and you can steal boxes from other players.
It screams Mario Kart, or not Mario Kart, Mario Party, but without any of the actual
board stuff, and it's just a very lame generic game.
So, and surprising enough, it's also by Hudson, which made the wonderful smash hit game, Bomberman
Act Zero.
So are we surprised?
Okay, but at the same time, they also made Mario Party.
Excellent.
And you know what, they've really sucked it up on the 360 so far, so whatever.
Did you ever play the first one?
No, I didn't.
Because there's an interesting comment in our chat room here, Mystic Gohan says, Fusion
Frenzy 2 sucked, but number one owned.
Well, maybe this is going to be better in a full game, but I'm not buying it, so whatever.
I also played the new Tenchu game, which was only available in Japan, and it's pretty cool.
You know, I wasn't really into Tenchu, but I like running around, jumping on buildings
and stuff, and throwing ninja stars into people's heads, so that's kind of cool.
No, that sounds fun.
Yeah, so that's fun.
The only problem about that game, because it wasn't Japanese, I had trouble figuring
out the controls, because it is kind of difficult to figure out what you've got to do.
So once I figured it out, it's pretty fun.
But supposedly they're putting up a Sonic the Hedgehog demo later, so that'd be pretty
cool to check out.
And I don't know if you want me to talk about it now, but I got this wonderful device, sure
go for it.
On the Xbox Live Vision camera, I have to say that this thing sucks.
Really?
Yeah.
Because I've heard a lot of positive reviews elsewhere.
Okay, the camera is blurry as fuck.
Blurry, blurry, blurry.
Did you just do something to it?
No.
Did you leave the sticker on?
No, there is no sticker on this thing.
I don't think there is a sticker on this thing.
No, there is no sticker on this thing.
It would have been hella funny if there was, and he's like, son of a bitch!
No.
Okay, so it's very blurry.
Very, very blurry.
That's because it knew what you and Nelly were going to be doing with it, so it had
to blur out the naughty bits.
Okay, I just wanted to take a picture of my face to put it on the Xbox Live, and no matter
what kind of lighting I have in the room, it's always blurry.
Very, very blurry.
And no matter what I do to adjust the focus on it, always blurry.
And then the other thing on this as well, I'm trying to hook it up to my PC.
Apparently it's supposed to be as easy as, plug in PC work.
No.
Of course it's never going to be like that.
So I got the updated drivers for it, and it's funny because the old drivers work kinda crappy,
but they work.
The new drivers don't work at all.
So this thing is just, it's doing nothing.
I was going to have a webcam for you guys, folks, and we were going to have the wonderful
webcam, but you can thank Microsoft for putting out a really shoddy camera.
What would happen if I plugged that in my Mac?
You think it would work right away?
No, it'll just go.
I'm going to try it during the break.
You know I gotta try.
Well, here's the thing.
Just for you.
That's the thing, though.
Like I said, the generic drivers worked on it.
The new drivers do not.
So go right ahead and try that, but you know what?
The new drivers don't.
So, whatever.
Now, the cool thing, you tried to video chat with me, and it was pretty blurry, but what's
interesting is that another podcaster, our old buddy Bobby, sent a picture of his kitty
cat, because you can send pictures on Xbox Live instead of messages if you want, and
I got a picture of his kitty cat, and it was pretty clear.
It was a little dark, like there were some contrast issues, but he probably just didn't
have the right lighting behind it.
Most of our houses aren't set up to have lighting behind where our systems are at.
At least in this house, I know the lighting is by the couch.
That's probably why he has the contrast issues, but it was sharp, unlike when we video chatted.
Well, here's the thing.
The video chat's only in 640 by 480, whereas the pictures are 1.3 megapixels, so that's
the difference.
So, yeah, it looks all blurry, but then when you take a picture, it's just, you know, supposed
to be clear.
Except for your gamer tag pictures, those are still blurry as hell, because I took one
and I'm like, wow, I can't see anything in it.
Then how come some of the other, like I have three other podcasters on my list who got
the camera early, because Microsoft likes them, and they all look fine.
I don't get it, but here's the thing, I say take it back.
It's not my face.
I'm not blurry.
I think that's what SSJ100Matt in chat says, maybe it's your face, Loki.
Yeah, and here's the other thing.
Thank you, Microsoft.
This camera is made for cyber sex, and I showed Rob why this camera is made for cyber sex.
It's very disturbing.
For some reason...
And I never want to see it again.
Okay, for some reason, a feature that was added into the video chat on live, and explain
to me why you would need this.
If you push the trigger buttons on your controller, it makes the other person's controller vibrate,
as long as you hold them down.
If that does not screen cyber sex, I don't know what does.
Thank you, Microsoft.
You guys really thought of everything.
You vision camera, would I recommend buying it?
I don't know.
I mean, maybe the room I'm using, because I got the camera to look decent, it was just
very blurry still, but compared to the last digital camera that we had, the webcam, I
guess it's okay.
I can't just get this thing to work anymore.
We'll try it on my Xbox when we're done, see if maybe the different lighting in this house
will help.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It's worth picking up if you can find one.
I know GameStop, at least where I got mine pre-ordered at, they didn't get any extras
in, so it might be pretty hard to find.
I'm not getting one.
You know what, you're not interested in the vision thing?
No.
You don't want the whole vibration with the controller thing?
No.
It was kind of funny when he did it, because it was like, what the hell, why is the controller
shaking?
And Loogie's like, do you feel that?
Do you feel that?
I have a PC, and I actually have a real webcam, which nobody is giving the address to since
I don't upload it to anywhere.
But you can't play Uno with the webcam on the PC, at least I don't know any versions
of it yet.
I don't touch our Xbox 360.
What about Dead Rising?
Okay, I played that, but that was the last thing I played, because it was all about zombie
killing.
I've been sort of not playing the 360.
No interest in Totem Ball or anything?
Pinball.
I don't know.
I kind of want one, but it can also kind of wait.
I mean, it's not something, I think I support many games for it right now, so yeah, I thought
I would want it right away, and I was kind of looking for one, but now I'm like, eh,
do I really need to video chat?
I don't know.
It can wait, especially after seeing Loogie's.
We'll see.
Let's see, My Gaming Week.
Actually not a lot of new stuff.
There really wasn't anything new I picked up this week.
I was interested in getting the camera at one point, but I wasn't able to get it, because
I didn't pre-order one, because I didn't think I would want it, but then I was going to go
look for it, and they didn't have it.
So I've pretty much just been watching a friend of mine play through Enchanted Arms, because
I showed it to a friend of mine, and he's been in love with it, and just over here playing
it a lot, so he got further and I did, so I think he's about, I think the percentage
said he was like 46% of the way through the game, so some of the voice acting gets a little
better when you get to midway.
Some of the voice actors are pretty good, and some are still pretty bad, but the game's
plot got interesting.
It's pretty fun.
I think if you're a role-playing fan and you happen to have a 360, you should definitely
check out Enchanted Arms, because there's really not a lot else for you right now on
the 360, and Enchanted Arms is decent.
It's not a, hey, we made this at the last minute so we could say we have an RPG on the
system.
It's pretty good.
I was pretty happy.
Drew Nami, how was your gaming week?
Oddly enough, I've been playing a lot of Rez.
Really?
Really, really.
Aside from that, I haven't been really playing that many games.
They took a break from WoW and, oh yeah, I've been playing World of Warcraft a lot, actually.
I'm in a new guild, so my friend convinced me to join the gay guild on Proudmoore, so
I've been playing there a lot.
It's fun.
Yeah, I took a break.
I'm a little bit burned out.
Aside from that, I've been playing a little bit of Xenosaga, episode one, trying to finish
it so I can move on.
I borrowed Dirge of Cerberus from a friend.
It's actually not too bad, even though console first-person shooters are kind of just a sacrilege
to me.
Aside from that, I'm trying to get through Kingdom Hearts II on Proudmoore, and I realized
how much I truly suck at that game.
Aside from that, not much.
What would you say to the people that say Kingdom Hearts II is nothing but a bunch of
button mashing?
You haven't played it on Proudmoore, and you haven't gotten to Beast's Castle round two.
As you said, I read some reviews that said- There's even regular mode, the Demyx battle.
Yeah, Demyx is just a pain in the ass.
He's just a bitch.
Alright, well, let's go on to some housekeeping, and then we're going to-
Oh, I wanted to mention one thing that I thought was pretty cool.
GameStop, when I went and picked up my camera, I just looked around a little bit to see if
there's anything else I wanted.
I found a BeatMania 2DX turntable controller for $8.
Picked that sucker up.
Now, it's mine, because at least I'm babysitting it for a little while, because Loki hates
BeatMania.
Well, I just don't have any games.
At the time, I didn't have my PlayStation 2 back, but I finally got it back.
Do you have US BeatMania?
No.
You can borrow that?
If you want, you can borrow my- So, you can borrow my Japanese PlayStation, and the various
styles I own.
I don't own them all.
No, I've got my HD loader.
I'll just load the Japanese.
Oh, well.
I'll put the new 2DX that they have in Japan over there on it.
Alright, well.
Excuse me for trying to do something- I'll just leave the controller here, because
I don't want to play 2DX.
I couldn't pass that up.
I'm going to play doubles.
I'm going to get back into 2DX and play doubles, because doubles keyboard mania was a blast,
and when you could play that in the arcade, people were like, WTF!
So many buttons!
Dude, no, watching someone do, like, a seven-star- Yeah, I was never as good- I mean, I could
get through a couple doubles songs, you know.
I was pretty decent- I could do three stars, that was it, and doubles.
Who was that guy that is so good at keyboard mania?
Blue?
Is that his name?
Blue Guy?
Whoa!
He can smoke those doubles, like, you know, that are, like, the maximum level, and I'll
tell you what- I loved watching him play keyboard mania, though.
That gives me a gamer boner so much more than the 2DX and Papa Music videos.
He also plays piano very well.
Yeah, because I like the piano music a lot more.
I mean, I'm not disrespecting the 2DX, you know, because there's a lot of impressive
stuff there, but watching the keyboard mania was, whew, very impressive.
You should also see him do doubles on Pump It Up.
Alright.
Someday, someday.
Alright.
Housekeeping!
First, we want to thank everybody for all the well wishes for episode 200, because we
continued to kind of get them throughout the week, even after the show.
I got a couple messages on Xbox Live, which was very nice, and I know we got some emails
and some message board posts, so we just wanted to say thank you guys, and it was a fun show,
it was a long show, but it was a fun show, and really glad you guys that were able to
join us live did, or if you couldn't join us live, we're glad you got through all three
parts, so thank you.
Also want to say the DDR sneak peeks are continuing tonight.
Those haven't stopped.
They'll be a little later on in this program, four new tracks, two from Ultramix 4 and two
from Universe, and also I want to say about this podcast is we are now a default podcast
on a little handy program called XB Stream, and if you haven't checked out this program,
it's pretty neat.
I'm so surprised that something like this came out of Homebrew.
I'm saying that in a positive way.
It pretty much seems like one person really put in all this effort into this program and
just really did something that Microsoft should have done themselves.
It's kind of impressive that this one guy did this, but basically what he's done is
he set up a program that not only catches podcasts and automatically shares them over
the network to your Xbox 360, it doesn't put them on the hard drive if the Xbox 360 uses
the network, but what it also does is it downloads RSS feeds.
Let's say you want to read Kotaku.
Let's say you have Kotaku in your feed, and what it does is it translates the text of
the RSS feed and makes it an image, and then so if you go through your photo gallery on
Xbox 360, you can read RSS feeds, and you might be thinking, well, when in the hell
would this be useful?
Well, if somebody else is using the computer and you're using the Xbox 360, you could still
read those live blogging things going on, so it's a really neat idea, so I think that's
great and we're really happy to be included as one of the podcasts that you'll get when
you download this program now, so if you want to check it out, it's over at xbstream.com.
This is the same program that caused a little bit of controversy when it first came out
because I imagine the program was originally designed with RSS feeds in mind, so what it
was doing is that it was refreshing the RSS feeds every 15 minutes and grabbing the last
30 items.
Well, the unfortunate thing is is that when they decided to enable the podcast stuff as
well, they kept the same settings, so folks that were in the initial release of the program
as the default podcast, like I know GamerAndy was one of them, among many others, like his
site got hammered because you had all these people that were trying out the software because
Major Nelson had posted about it, downloading 30 episodes of his show at a time and re-hammering
his feed.
It was almost like getting a denial of service attack, so it was like one of those, oh, crap,
someone made a really big mistake, but I know they all worked it out and the author of the
program was very like, oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and they've worked
it out now, so it only, I think, hits it once in a while and it only downloads one podcast
by default, so that's pretty exciting because when I told the webmaster, our old friend
VxJ6V that we were going to be on there, he's like, wait a minute, I was reading that this
might not be a good thing.
I'm like, no, no, no, they fixed it, they fixed it, we're cool, so anyway, check it
out if you guys have an Xbox 360 and a network that it's connected to.
Now we shall go into some news.
Shall we, Jamie?
Sure, why don't we?
Well, you know, I always shake my head because, you know what I call him?
I call him Ken Crayon Eater.
So apparently the price of the PlayStation 3 in Japan has been dropped.
Even though they're still having the delays with their production, they're stating that
they are going to reprice the 20 gigabyte model with an inclusion of the HDMI port for
49,980 yen, which is roughly 48 bucks in the US, about 225 pounds in the UK, which is actually
a reduction from 62,790 yen.
So that's a pretty significant drop, at least, you know, a couple hundred.
So they're also saying that at the Tokyo Game Show there were going to be 200 playable consoles.
What I haven't found out is if they are actually still those rack mounted servers.
Yes, they are.
See, I'm not surprised.
Now one thing that was mentioned, and I found out, you know, after reading the article a
bit of a rebuttal on this, is that they're saying that the online service was going to
offer Mega Drive and PC Engine titles, but Sega had something different to say about
that, didn't they?
Yes.
They said that it was something that they were considering based on, you know, the architecture
of the online system, but it wasn't something that they were doing right away.
More proof that Ken Kudaragi eats crayons.
However, one thing I do think is kind of cool is their global mapping system so that you
can, basically what it does is you upload your pictures, data about where you live,
and it makes a world map where various PS3 gamers live.
It's kind of neat, but...
So it's like that one site.
What is that site?
Frapper.
Thank you.
Frapper.
It's like a frapper, because we have an Orange Launch Radio Frapper, and you should join
that if you haven't already, but yeah, it sounds like Frapper for your PS3.
I'm getting that impression.
Huh.
But I still think that, you know, he needs to keep the bicycle helmet on a little bit
longer.
His head hasn't quite healed from that last falling.
He's still got the baby soft spot.
Yeah.
His skull hasn't completely molded together.
You guys are crazy.
It's interesting because I'm reading about the XB Stream stuff in chat, because apparently,
you know, some of the other podcasters who were affected by that whole thing were very
vocal about it, and some of our, you know, folks listen to other podcasts.
I do try to listen to other podcasts, but ever since my iPod broke last week, it's been
very hard for me to listen to other podcasts, so I'm kind of behind on all the gossip on
XB Stream.
But they're saying, let's see, they said here something about gamer Andy loves XB Stream.
I think there's a hint of sarcasm there.
Funny Dale says, XB Stream nearly shut down IGN.
I'm not kidding.
And then Funny Dale goes on to say, wait, shut down IGN.
On second thought, I love XB Stream.
But Black Wolf says, reminds us that Tiger Claw, or was saying to Tiger Claw, I guess
in a message here, he offered to compensate for the bandwidth bills.
The author was like, so, you know, oops, I really made a big, big mistake.
I'll pay for the bills.
I thought that was kind of nice, you know, so.
Anyway, moving on, I wanted to say really quickly regarding the PlayStation 3.
There's an interesting series that Kotaku's been running, because they have some folks
over at the show, and they've been posting these videos on YouTubes asking people, do
you want to get the Wii or the PlayStation 3?
Not sure why they didn't include the Xbox 360, but whatever.
I guess maybe they figured that, you know, Xbox 360 is not really the console of choice
in Japan right now.
Although, I don't know.
I figured they had long waits to see Blue Dragon, but anyway.
They're going Wii or PlayStation 3, and they did this little poll here, and it turns out
PlayStation 3 was getting about two to one of the vote.
So for every one person that said they wanted a Wii had two people that said they wanted
a PlayStation 3.
Now if you poll your average American, or heck, even European message board, I'm not
seeing that same correlation.
So what is it about Japan and their love for the PlayStation 3?
Is it the fact that Nintendo doesn't go to Tokyo Game Show?
I'll state the obvious there.
Is it maybe that people are just, you know, they're, because the ooh and aahs of Sony
being there, they're just loving that, and that's kind of skewing their view a little
bit, or what?
I think my old theory stands is that it has to do with getting a Blu-ray.
I mean, honestly, I think that the Japanese market is looking at the whole Blu-ray thing
as a positive.
I mean, having a DVD player in it is what sold the PS2, because at the time, it was
a lot cheaper to get a PS2 than to go out and just buy a DVD player.
I think that they're looking for that multiple functionality.
Interesting.
I'm looking at our chat room to see what they say here.
Some folks, Fireboma says, Tokyo Game Show is mostly fanboys.
Nintendo wasn't at Tokyo Game Show, so their fans weren't there.
And some interesting, Nintendo Maniac 64 says, oh, the poll was probably done that way probably
because the 360 is already out.
So okay, that makes sense why they didn't include 360 in the poll.
But what about some of those, well, I don't know if, I can't remember if we get into it
later in the program, but I'll just quickly say, what about some of those 360 games that
are being shown at Tokyo Game Show?
I mean, do you think that this might sway the Japanese public at all?
I mean, I was watching the demo for Blue Dragon, some of the gameplay video, it looked pretty
hot.
So I don't know, is it going to be enough, or is it too little too late?
I guess we'll see.
Well, as far as the PS3 itself, you know, where they were going to have the price drop
in Japan, we are not quite so lucky here.
There's basically stating that there is no plans to drop the price in the United States.
It's still going to be 499 for the low end, 599 for the 60 gig version.
There hasn't been any set word if that's going to apply to Europe as well, and they're still
set for 2007 launch in March.
Pretty interesting.
A lot of them might have to do with how it works here.
Do you think if we have a crappy launch here in the US that Europe might get the price
drop as incentive for them to go buy them?
It's possible, but that's not really how Sony plays.
One other thing though is that we are getting the HDMI slot on the low end system.
Well, that's interesting because a lot of people were saying that your PlayStation 3
would be totally gimped with no HDMI slot if in the future you choose to upgrade to
an HDTV.
So does this sway anyone's mind?
I don't know.
It's all about digitally signing those wonderful Blu-ray movies and possibly games.
That is why they need that HDMI slot on there because, you know, if you don't have that
then someone might be able to purchase the lower end model and, guess what, get past
all that encryption.
So that would be pretty nice.
Well, I guess we go back to that old saying, the game system is only as good as the games
that are on it, and I guess that will truly be what ends up selling these PlayStation
3s or not.
Yeah, and one of the games that they're hoping to sell the PlayStation 3s or at least
this online service is this game, Flow.
Now a lot of people may not know about Flow, or maybe you do because it's actually a
game that's already on the web for free.
Kind of funny because they're trying to sell the game.
Not saying it's a bad game, it's actually a pretty fun game, and you can check it out
online.
Just do a search for Flow.
It's a pretty cool little thing they were talking about.
It was actually kind of an experiment.
You know, if I do a search for Flow I might get a lot of websites that aren't related
to gaming at all.
So perhaps you might want to specify that search a little more.
Okay.
Well, if you want to play Flow in the wonderful Flash version, you can do so.
There's a couple different places to check it out.
The first one's going to be at intihuatanai.usc.edu slash cloud slash flowing slash core dot html.
So I hope you got a pen and paper for that one because...
If not, rewind the show and write faster.
Although, if you're looking for an easier way to actually play this, you can download
copies and I believe that there's one that's mirrored on PSP updates, or PS3 updates I
would imagine.
But anyways, so yeah, this game is going to be downloadable and supposedly you're going
to have to purchase this, which is kind of funny because isn't this going to have a browser
in it anyway, so couldn't you, I don't know, go browse over to this website and play it
for free?
I mean, that seems kind of retarded to me, that you would be able to, I don't know, download
this for free instead of paying for Sony's service.
That kind of defeats the purpose of...
Well, what about all those Geometry Wars clones when they were out there?
You know, you could play it for free, quote unquote, online or on the other platforms
they were putting it on.
Yeah, but you can't play it for free on the PlayStation 3.
See, you can actually go with...
Well, but you can't play Geometry Wars for free on the Xbox 360, that's what I'm saying.
But you can, with the PlayStation 3, web browse over to this site and either download it to
your hard drive and run it in Linux or you could, I don't know, play it in the web browser
assuming that this thing supports Flash, I would hope so since it's a next gen console
with the fucking cell processor, it should be able to support Flash.
So yeah, you could play this game.
Ota G says, but it's in HD, but who cares?
It's going to be in HD anyways because it's going to be on your TV.
I don't know.
I just think it's a waste of money.
All right, well this was certainly a controversial story in the scene this week regarding the
PlayStation 3 and it has to do with Gran Turismo HD.
And now there's these stories that have been going around about the fact that there's going
to be this Gran Turismo HD classic that's going to be kind of the entry into the GT
series and then there's going to be, I guess, 750 cars that you can download online for
between 50 cents to a dollar a piece and 50 tracks between a dollar fifty and four fifty
a piece.
They're all the cars that have been basically created for the Gran Turismo series for the
last 10 years.
But Gran Turismo HD Premium will come with two courses and 30 cars.
Yes, the Premium is going to be basically kind of a test model for Gran Turismo 5.
It's basically really detailed looking cars.
Think like Forza or something like that and it's just really nice stuff.
The reason why they don't have 750 cars in the Premium version is because they haven't
had a chance to create the models for all the cars yet.
They're really hurrying to get this game pushed out, which screams flaws up the ass.
Basically the classic version, I guess, is going to be an upscaled version of Gran Turismo
4 with all those wonderful cars to purchase.
So you're saying if I go to the store and buy this Gran Turismo classic, I can't do
anything with it?
Well, Classic and Premium are in one game.
It's different modes.
Oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Oh, I made it sound like it was two separate games.
No, it's just one game.
You will get some cars, but if you think about it, 30 cars in two tracks is a lot less than
say 250 that I'm used to getting at the store for $49.99 for PlayStation 2.
Huh, interesting.
I don't know, what do you think about this microtransaction thing?
Well, here's the thing.
It doesn't stop at cars or tracks.
They're going to be adding parts and skins for your cars as well.
They want it to become the iTunes of Gran Turismo, so you're going to be spending thousands
of dollars, hopefully, on this crap for one game.
Well, I think about Test Drive Unlimited, which is something I've been playing a lot
recently that also has a crap load of cars and a crap load of parts and things that you
can get with it, but you unlock them naturally as you go to the in-game store.
And none of this microtransaction crap, you know, you buy the game and all this stuff
is included.
You unlock it within the game, and that's what we're all kind of used to.
And here's the other fun thing about this, too.
They were saying that a lot of the cars in this, they're going to be expensive because
they want you to actually be, you know, just kind of having that, I guess, other people
have expensive cars.
Ooh, I've got to have that expensive car.
It's not going to be, it's actually going to be expensive.
Do I get to buy horse armor for said car?
Well, if it were a horse, maybe, no.
But the whole thing screams to me as a bad idea.
And I think a lot of people, I mean, they may be fans of Gran Turismo, but who's really
going to pay for all the cars?
I mean, that's just like saying, oh, here's Madden NFL.
By the way, there's no teams or arenas included.
You have to purchase those separately.
Oh, by the way, the football's not included either, you know.
It's like buying a car without tires or an engine or seats or a body, I mean, it's retarded.
So what exactly am I paying for here?
TigerKlon's chat says, maybe you end up buying rims and spinners for the cars.
And that's the other thing, too, about these cars.
Haz says, I want to buy a pine air freshener for my car, a little fuzzy dice that can hang
from them.
I mean, why would you spend all this money on this?
I really don't see people doing this, because I know they're really trying to push this
microtransaction thing, and if it goes well, you can better believe that Gran Turismo 5
is going to be the same thing.
Is there a possibility here that this whole thing's being grossly misinterpreted or something's
wrong here?
Because I know on the internet this week it was a little bit back and forth, rumor or
not rumor.
I had several interviews actually with the head people for the lead on Gran Turismo HD,
and they've confirmed this stuff.
Now the thing they haven't confirmed, at least they didn't say anything about the pricing
on this and whether a lot of people aren't probably going to be buying 750 cars.
That's a fact.
But they didn't mention, well, if I purchase, say, a Honda Civic or something and someone
purchases a Lamborghini, I mean, am I going to purchase a more expensive car to be able
to race against these people, because they're going to be smoking me in this soup of cars.
I think the whole thing's a bad idea, and I know there's been a lot of comparisons to
Project Gotham Racing 3, but I kind of find it a little bit, you know, that game does
actually come with cars and tracks.
In fact, I think quite an unlimited amount of tracks since you can create your own courses
in there, but the fact is I don't have to purchase these cars in order to be able to
enjoy the game, whereas if I want to play the online version of Classic, yes, you do
have to purchase those cars, and yes, you do have to purchase those tracks.
So I think it's kind of retarded that I should have to spend money on a game that I already
spent money on.
Interesting.
More interesting comments from chat.
They're just lit up on this.
Funny Dale says, Sony is going to make players of Gran Turismo HD pay $5 a gallon for virtual
gasoline.
PlayStation 3, this is really living.
Funny.
Stick Axe, you know, a little bit of a counterpoint here.
If the game was cheap, and if I only like a few tracks, I don't have to spend $40 for
a game I only want half of.
True, and the whole thing is, you know, the Gran Turismo HD Premium or whatever, it's
just a fucking demo for Gran Turismo 5 is basically what it is.
You know, why should I pay for an upscaled version of 4?
Seeing as you can buy 4 and upscale it anyways, you know, why the hell, well first off, if
I were ever to buy PlayStation 3, I would never be buying this game at all.
I mean, I would not touch this game with a 10 foot pole.
I would wait for a better racing game to come out, because you know what, there's going
to be a lot more out there.
The only way I could ever see this selling is if it were like $10 for the core of it,
and then everything else you can pay for.
If it were like, you know, you can buy 200 cars for $20 or something like that, then
maybe yeah, someone might go ahead and do that, but if I'm paying a buck a car, and
they want me to spend $900 on fucking cars, alright, that's going to happen.
I think that they did it very well for, what was it, Project Gotham 3 on Xbox 360 where
they had car packets.
Where you spend this number of points, you get a certain set of cards, like the Ferrari
packet or the Mustang packet or something like that.
And some were, but you still, you didn't really have to get those to enjoy the full experience
of the game, and there were also a lot of bonus cards that were commercially subsidized
or something like that.
Like you could get the card that had the Xbox 360 logo on it and some of that other stuff,
you know, so.
But how is this different from that Project Gotham 3 pack?
It comes because Project Gotham 3 actually is a full game without them?
Yeah, it's a full game.
You do not need to have these cars in order to enjoy the game.
It's kind of an added bonus if you want to buy the cars, then yeah, you can go ahead
and do that.
You don't need them to play online, whereas this, you will need to play online.
You will need to purchase the cars, and I also have, I don't have a problem with purchasing
the cars, you know, so much as I have a problem with purchasing the tracks, too.
I mean, that's kind of retarded.
Why should I have to purchase elements of this game?
What the fuck are you using the Blu-ray Disc for anyways, because it's obviously not storing
all these tracks and cars.
Alright, we're going to leave with a couple of chat comments here, and then we'll move
on here.
Gita in chat says, I don't really care, waiting for Need for Speed Carbon.
And Nintendo Maniac 64 says Excite Truck for the win.
So sounds like some people are just going to take their money elsewhere, we'll see.
Well anyways, there's actually some interesting stuff coming out other than Gran Turismo HD,
and that is our favorite game to talk about, Africa.
What the hell is Africa?
Well, that's kind of funny, because it's actually kind of what we thought it would be.
It's basically a virtual African safari, where you can take pictures and basically keep them.
It's Pokemon Snap with drafts.
Exactly, but it's not really a game, though.
It's basically a virtual safari, virtual Africa, where you get to see animals and basically
experience Africa without going to Africa.
Did Elton John do the music and Tim Rice the lyrics?
I don't know.
Don't care.
You know what?
I like Jumbo Safari, because you can harpoon animals.
It's the same thing.
Well, you know what I wanted?
That game is the shit right there.
I love that fucking safari game.
That's what this fucking Africa game needs to be.
Jumbo Safari!
Do we fucking have Jumbo Safari on the consoles anywhere?
No, but I think a Walmart in town still has one.
That fucking game is the shit.
I swear to God, if you have an arcade near you that has a Jumbo Safari, you need to pour
thousands of dollars.
We'll take that $900.
Real quick, in-studio, I have the trailer running right now for Africa, and granted,
it looks fucking amazing.
Yeah, it's pretty.
It's very pretty, but the thing is, it's like, what the hell is this?
It's Africa, and there's grass.
It's the barons.
And there's birds and stuff.
It's Chuck Norris.
Yes, it's the barons without Chuck Norris jokes.
What more do you need?
So, granted, okay, great, it's Elephants, it's the Discovery Channel, you know.
That's basically kind of what it seems to me to be, but, I don't know, do we really
want, you know.
Peppa Lumps!
Do you really need to, like, buy this stuff?
Here's the game I would recommend buying.
Cabela's African Safari.
You get to go destroy, you know, elephants and rhinos and stuff.
Yes, they have cheetahs and stuff.
I want to see, like, the whole true circle of life where, like, they eat animals.
Ooh, hyenas.
It's Africa, and look at, they're eating animals.
Look at the cute hyena eating the carcass.
Then suddenly out of nowhere, crikey!
Oh, wait, bad taste, sorry, bad taste.
It's staying right through my heart!
Bad taste.
Oh, the hippo wiggling his little ears.
It looks great.
I mean, this looks really, really good.
It's just, I think that, you know, they should do, maybe this is just the opening movie,
like how often do we get pissed off at that?
Like, you know, you see the opening movie, and then, like, the game looks nothing like
it.
You know what I mean?
Oh, you mean, like, kind of like, oh, I don't know, Motorstorm?
Ooh, pretty.
So granted, okay, this is, you know, really cool and stuff, but I don't know, I don't
know if this-
It does look amazing.
I mean, graphically, it's, but yeah, what the hell is it?
It's like, I don't need tech demos as a fucking game.
Yeah, you're just-
Dan?
Wait a minute.
They cut it off before he ate the gazelle!
Aren't you the same person that said you were wanting to get a copy of Wii Play from Japan?
Yeah, because that's fun.
I don't want tech demos as a game.
Yeah, tech demos as in, like, okay, here's ducks, okay, and look at the ducks.
Oh my god, Jeremy Todd 1 is great.
What do you say?
In Africa, you will be able to hunt down your favorite species of rare animals and take
pictures of them.
On rare nights, usually nights with a full moon, you will be able to see Chuck Norris
running around killing elephants with his bare hands.
Take a picture for massive damage.
That was beautiful.
That's great.
You win the chatroom cookie.
Well, like I said, you know, it's a nice game, and you know, I hope that there's more to
it than just, you know, look at the pretty animals.
Well, I don't know, I'm looking, you know, I sort of think that I would play that, but
then again, I also did play a whole bunch of Pokemon Snap, but you know, something that
I will play, because I'm probably going to get a PS3, is Ninja Gaiden coming out on PS3.
According to Famitsu, there is going to be one called Ninja Gaiden Sigma, which you will
play as Rachel from Ninja Gaiden Black.
And it was actually also revealed that Itagaki was saying that there was going to be a Ninja
Gaiden 2, and it wasn't stating that it was the same project.
There's also a theory that this is going to be a remake of Ninja Gaiden Black with extras.
And there's also been no statement on if it's going to be specific just to the PS3 or if
it will see multiple systems.
I think it'll see multiple systems.
Probably.
I know Ninja Gaiden Black did really well on the Xbox, so I wouldn't see why they wouldn't
try to make a 360 version.
They've got a fan base.
Exactly.
There was actually some pretty cool stuff from Tokyo Game Show this week.
Microsoft is doing this brand new Bring It Home.
They're covering both Tokyo Game Show and X06, which is going to be taking place in
Barcelona next week.
Some pretty cool stuff though so far, we've had some demos, videos, themes, mainly just
kind of some of the stuff you don't get to see.
I like the demo thing because they did it during E3 and got some pretty good demos from
that.
Hopefully you're going to see some more stuff as far as demos go.
I know that there's Sonic the Hedgehog is supposed to be next week at some point, so
that'd be cool.
Maybe even some more Japanese exclusive demos would be nice because I get to play those
anyways.
Just stuff like that.
So I like how they're doing this and hopefully we'll see some more stuff that come out pretty
soon.
Well, as far as things that are coming out relatively soon, at the Tokyo Game Show, Microsoft
had a press release stating what new live arcade games were going to be coming out.
Included were Contra, Gyruss, Dig Dug, Track and Field, New Rally X, Russian Attack, Ms.
Pac-Man, and exclusive for the Japanese audience, Yaya Kung Fu.
That's pretty cool.
I wonder if I can play that since I have my Japanese account.
Don't bother.
I don't like Yaya Kung Fu.
I know a lot of people have a lot of love for that game.
I don't think it's this amazing fighting game people make it out to be.
It's what practically started the genre.
I'll try it.
I don't know.
Not my favorite.
I do have the free demo versions you can try out.
JIRUS, on the other hand, bring it.
Freaking love JIRUS.
I'm so there when JIRUS comes out.
Some interesting things were found out this week, or at least have been brought to light.
The fact that you can copy your Xbox Live arcade games onto a CD-R or DVD-R and be able
to play them on your system.
Why is this important?
Because not everyone out there has a hard drive for their system, as much as I'd like
to think so, and also that the memory units are quite limited on what you can put on there.
Now, there's a big, huge how-to on 360gamesaves.com if you want to know how to do this.
It's kind of funny.
One of the things that they actually have been able to do is pull off the full version
of Hexac HD, so if you don't have a hard drive, you can actually play it on your system.
It's basically as simple as bringing them into a certain directory structure on your
recordable media and basically popping it in, and they will populate your Xbox Live
arcade list there, which is pretty cool.
And if you do have them registered on your system, they will be the full version, otherwise
they are a demo.
So when might somebody want to actually use this?
If they don't have a hard drive, or if they're just stuck to just a simple memory unit, they
might, I don't know, if they have the extra cables or whatever to transfer them off the
memory unit onto, say, your computer, which that stuff is available out there.
I know Datel has kind of a cable for that.
That might be something that you can use this for.
Or say, if someone actually does the kind of not-legit thing and takes all the demos
and puts them on a disk image and distributes that over the internet, which would be cool.
And I think that should be something that Microsoft should do anyways, because I know
that, well, I know they were trying to push their Xbox Live arcade unplugged, but this
way if you could download all the demos, say, to a disk image, kind of like how they have
the backwards compatibility updates, that would be pretty cool as well.
You can just burn it onto the disk and then pop it in there and you have all the demos
for all the games, and then you can just register them, I guess, somehow.
That's kind of a problem if you don't have Live, I guess.
And how is piracy going to be prevented again?
The way piracy is prevented on it is actually that you're not going to be able to...
The games are only demo versions unless it's registered to your account.
Interesting.
Oh, yeah, because sometimes I start up Geometry Wars and it looks like it's a demo and then
suddenly it switches over and it says, oh, never mind, it's a demo version.
Yeah, because whether the register or not is based on your account.
You can't just download a registered version.
Gotcha.
All right, well, speaking of the 360, we have a very exciting announcement for the 360.
At least I know a lot of our import game fans are going to love this because these were
huge games.
Well, they were released here too, but it seems to appeal to that same audience.
Radiant Silver Gun and Ikarugan, you might recognize these two shooter titles.
Well, did you know that this was always planned to be a trilogy?
And guess what?
Treasure has announced that they will be making a third game in the series for the Xbox 360.
That's all we know.
Treasure loves us.
That's all we know.
We don't know when, where, how, what, we just know that Treasure's making it and it's coming
to the 360.
Dude, I love Radiant Silver Gun so much.
So now will you play your 360, Jamie?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
I played the hell out of Radiant Silver Gun at that one arcade in Las Vegas before they
shut down.
I was like, Radiant Silver Gun.
Everyone else was all playing Mambo A Go Go.
I'm like, screw that.
Radiant Silver Gun.
They couldn't get me off the machine.
What's interesting about that, I think, is that those games are usually very vertical
in nature, yet now the Xbox 360 supports widescreen and all their games have to support widescreen.
So it's going to be interesting what all that new horizontalness does to the game, don't
you think?
I actually used sort of for seeing something like, what was it, Thunder Force V. Didn't
that one have a lot of the rotational, where it would go one way and then rotate the other
way?
Maybe it wasn't Thunder Force V. Maybe I'm thinking of Vinehonder.
Vinehonder did a lot of vertical and horizontal scrolling in their games.
And Salamander.
Salamander actually did both, too.
Maybe they'll make a new Vinehonder.
It's about time.
If they did, it'd be Vinehonder.
Yeah.
Anyway.
So, how about some release dates, y'all?
Of course, we will start off with our UK release dates.
Some okay stuff, I guess.
You know, it would help if my laptop wouldn't come unplugged when I'm trying to pull up
the dates.
Sorry, guys.
I just got a little bit of a hang up.
Okay.
Yeah, the internet's acting funny tonight.
Our chat room's all crazy tonight, so live radio, folks.
The internet's not acting funny for me.
The fact that my computer came unplugged and my battery was going WTF.
Okay.
So how about our UK release dates, take two?
On the 25th, which it probably already is in the UK, Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2, March
of the Minis, coming out.
On the 29th, 42 all-time classics coming out on the DS, Age of Empires, Age of Kings, Black
Buccaneer on PC, Xbox, and Playstation 2, Company of Heroes on PC, Devil May Cry 3,
Dante's Awakening, Special Edition, that's a cool game, guys, get it, Infrared, and Kingdom
Hearts 2 coming out on Playstation 2, Mercury Meltdown also.
On the 30th, Mad Tracks coming out on Xbox 360.
Excellent.
There's some pretty cool stuff coming out.
I hope Mad Tracks is coming out, because that'd be pretty awesome, I want to play that.
Four, of course, I gotta mention this first, the big game for Playstation 2 this week,
Dance Dance Revolution, Supernova, of course, will be coming out.
I have heard, though, that the bundle might be delayed, so if you don't have a dance
pad yet, which I don't see why you wouldn't, you might be waiting a little bit.
Of course, on the Playstation 2, we also have, or actually, Playstation 2, Xbox, the 360,
and PSP, NBA Live 07, and then if you're not a fan of Live, NBA 2K7 is coming out on
Playstation 2, Xbox, and the 360.
If you're not a fan of basketball, maybe you're a fan of racing games, in which case,
you've got a couple things.
The first one's going to be The Fast and the Furious on Playstation 2, loosely based
on Tokyo Drift, and Import Tuner Challenge on the Xbox 360, which there was a rumor that
that was going to be $29.99 at Best Buy, that is a typo.
Then of course, Just Cause will be coming out on Xbox 360, the Xbox, and Playstation
2, as well as the PC, and some other fun stuff.
On the GameCube, Beethoven Kato's Origins will be coming out, one of the last role-playing
games actually made by Nintendo for the GameCube, so check that out.
As well as, the Game Boy Advance will be getting some re-releases, including Pokmon Fire
Red as part of the Greatest Hits, and Leaf Green, and of course, there's some pretty
good stuff coming out.
Import Bold Move Street Racing, if you're a racing fan on the Playstation 2, kind of
a budget game, and Greg Hastings' Tournament Paintball Max, which the game is about a year
old now, but still, you might want to play it in Valkyrie Profile 2, Cymera, on the Playstation
2.
Alright, well this is the part of the show where I would do Japanese release dates, but
the site I get Japanese release dates from is not working right now.
No problem then.
Oh, do you have it?
No, I'll just talk about some other stuff then.
Well no, I do remember too, because I remember looking at it and going, oh, I want to import
those.
Pop'n Music Carnival is this week in Japan, so if you're a big Pop'n Music fan, you've
got a new game coming out in Japan, and I know the first game in the new.hack series
is coming out this week, so if you were a fan of the.hack games,.hack infection, etc.,
the new series begins this week in Japan.
Sorry guys, I'll try to get the rest of them later in the show if they come up later.
I just think that's plenty, a game about an MMO.
And the game, like we like to do every week, a little piece of under the radar type of
stuff, we've got some dates for you for brand new games coming out from a company that I
really haven't heard of, Axis Games Localization, I guess they specialize in porting over some
stuff from Japan.
Some of the things you're going to see way distant future here, Guilty Gear for the Wii
is going to be coming out September 27th of next year, as well as a generic fishing game
on July 18th of 07, GISH for the PSP is coming out February 28th of 07, as well as a Guilty
Gear title for the Playstation 2, entitled right now Guilty Gear Series, but I guess
that's a working title for that, and that's coming out January 2nd, so look for those.
If you are in the market for some Xbox 360 games, there's been a few price drops, Quake
4 has dropped down to $39.99, as well as X-Men, the official game of the movie, has also dropped
down for $39.99, so check those out.
Alright, I will.
Okay, cool.
Anyways, other games that Japan is going to be seeing, and we're definitely going to be
seeing at some point, Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops, one of the cool things though that we
probably won't ever see over here, is going to be a Portable Ops bundle for the PSP, because
they're really trying to sell the PSP since they're getting their asses handed to them
by Nintendo with a DS.
The wonderful little bundle is going to include a snakeskin patterned case, as well as the
game and a fun little box that come with everything.
So if you haven't gotten a PSP already and you're thinking about doing so, definitely
check it out.
Kind of the box of cigarettes and snakes' favorite brand?
No?
Yeah.
Well, actually, it does come with an additional pouch with the logo for the game on it as
well, but other than that, no real any additional bonuses to it, other than kind of a cool looking
PSP box.
Airsoft sniper rifle, you know.
Anyway, well speaking of very cool things, Guitar Hero is going to be making it to multiple
formats in 2007, so that means that y'all who missed out are going to be having your
second chance.
It has been announced by the chairman of Activision that, and this is a quote, that it will appear
on every significant new format, while also going into some of the information about their
general plan from what it looks like, as far as some of their other titles.
There hasn't been an official comment by Red Octane, but they did state 2007, and also
Guitar Hero 2 is supposed to be out in November.
Doesn't that seem like a vague statement, though?
Every significant new platform?
Well, what's their idea of significant?
Exactly.
Maybe they just mean...
Maybe they like the Wonderswan.
Yeah, maybe they just mean it ain't coming for the Phantom, sorry.
Do not say hoo about the Wonderswan, because it had the best home version of Beatmania.
Well, best portable version of Beatmania.
Is this too much Guitar Hero?
Is this going to be an oversaturation of the market?
Nah.
Eh?
Yes.
Yes?
I just thought I'd say that.
I think so, because really, I think Guitar Hero is going to go the same path as Guitar
Freaks, where even though they still make tons of games for that, it's just, what are
you going to have?
You're not really going to be able to innovate on the gameplay any, so it's just going to
be brand new music each time around, and I guess DDR does change each game a little bit,
at least.
They change some of the gameplay stuff to it.
I mean, can't really change too much, because, I mean, the game is pretty simple, but they
do change a little bit of the, you know, kind of bonus type games, instead of the challenge
modes and stuff like that, so I guess they could add some of that in there, maybe?
I think they should do, like what Namco did with Soul Calibur II, is, you know, where
Soul Calibur II had different special characters on each game.
They have a certain packet of songs on each game that's exclusive to just that one.
God, no.
Buy them all.
Don't do that.
Yeah, but wouldn't that sell more games?
I don't know.
I think, you know, it would be sad.
I did own every version of Soul Calibur II.
I want to see how well II does, because, I mean, II, people are going to be having, you
know, the buy II, and they're going to be just like, they might just go, you know, okay,
I've seen this before, you know, who knows?
I don't know.
I think it's got a huge enough fan base, the game's going to do very well.
I think the game's going to do very, very well this Christmas.
What do I know?
I do know that an interesting story that somewhat relates to this is that a very interesting
purchase has been made.
Of course, a while ago, it kind of, you know, turned heads when Activision acquired Red
Octane.
Well, now, the other half of Guitar Hero is Harmonix.
They're the ones that actually developed the game.
Red Octane publishes it, but Harmonix developed it, and MTV Networks has purchased Harmonix.
Very interesting.
Yes, earlier this week.
Of the evil empire.
MTV announced a definitive agreement to acquire Harmonix Music Systems, developer of Guitar
Hero, on behalf of MTV.
Under the terms of the transaction, MTV acquires all of the outstanding stock of Harmonix for
$175 million in cash.
Harmonix shareholders may be eligible for incremental earn-out payments through 2008
to the extent that financial results exceed specific targets.
This is to demonstrate MTV's commitment to music.
You could play videos if you want to demonstrate that.
And furthers its strategy of engaging passionate music fans through a deep and immersive multi-platform
entertainment experience.
Summary, we're screwed.
By the way, this means that MTV Games logo will soon show up on Guitar Hero.
Should be interesting.
But could it allow them to get better licenses for the game?
Possibly, but I can't really see the game getting much better if MTV's label is lapped
on it.
Can they finally get Metallica?
I don't know.
Metallica can be kind of pissy when it comes to their music.
They're a little bit anal, but they're fine.
However, they are now on iTunes.
They are the divas of rock.
Seriously.
Alright.
Anyways.
Well, there's other music games out there, especially if you're in the UK.
One of those is going to be Sing Star Rocks, which Sony has announced the playlist for
this, including such wonderful tracks as The Killers, Somebody Told Me, Gwen Stefani Cool,
Fall Out Boy, Dance Dance, Coldplay, The Speed of Sound, as well as many other fun little
tracks there, Elton John, Rocketman, for all those who want to do a wonderful impression
of William Shatner, DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince, Summertime, which I think is
pretty cool, Blur Song 2.
Blur!
Let's see, here's some other good- The resident Damon Auburn fangirl is going- Scissor Sisters,
Take Your Mama, The Police, Every Breath You Take, Stalker Song, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Sweet
Home Alabama, and just other fun stuff, Good Charlotte, Girls and Boys.
I remember playing that Sing Star game at E3.
Did you really?
We did Ace of Spades, me and some guy.
I think you guys were off doing that when we were looking at the Eye of Judgment.
Yeah, you guys were off doing the Eye of Judgment, and I was like, I want to play this.
Ooh, they have Motorhead.
Yeah, I remember at E3, because we were like, oh, we have to see this Eye of Judgment, because
it's supposed to be this revolutionary new thing, and you're like, oh, they did Sing
Star.
And then you come out of Sing Star and you're like, eeh, and then we come out of Eye of
Judgment, we're like, what the fuck was that?
I'm on a giddy after freaking blocking out to Motorhead at E3.
It's 15 minutes, I won't get back.
And then, hey, DMN, shut up, no ooh, Alabama, it's ooh, Alabama, because Alabama rocks.
One of the really assless people at the Eye of Judgment booth is like, what the hell is
this for?
You tried to, and they totally were like, ignoring you at one point, because you were
totally like, what the hell is this thing?
Good times.
Too bad there won't be an E3 next year, or, I'm sorry, in its current form.
Anyway, chat rooms yelling and bitching, I need to make this crush, and the MTV logo
already appears on Guitar Hero 1.
Sorry, I haven't, the last time I played Guitar Hero 1 was at E3, because it was one of the
games they had at Arena, and you know, it seems like every time you go into Arena, somebody's
playing Guitar Hero, so that's the last time I played it, and I didn't get to see the boot
up sequence at that time.
So maybe the signs of this acquisition were a long time coming then, you could infer from
that.
So, sorry for my oversight, you can flog me later.
I'm sure that the MTV logo being on the game is only going to make the game better.
Ooh, MTV!
Instantly my brain has turned to jello!
If anything, all it will do is help promote the game, that's about it, they will be able
to promote it more on their shows, and do their own Guitar Hero, be a Guitar Hero TV
contest thing, or whatever, I don't know.
Having the MTV logo on Guitar Hero makes it lose instant cool points.
Repeat what you said, Drew Nami, because you didn't have a mic.
Ooh, we might just be playing the jackass theme on Guitar Hero.
Or yeah, they'll combine some of their franchises here, you know, what is that show, My Sweet
Sixteen Guitar Hero, whatever that fucking show is with the spoiled brats.
Hi, guess he doesn't watch TV.
You know what, I don't watch it very much either, but it's kind of one of those things
when your roommate's watching Next, you can't help but kind of look and go, God damn, I
weep for the youth of America.
It's okay, what's next, we gonna see Beavis and Butthead in the crowd?
That would be cool, that would be cool, because I like Beavis and Butthead.
Actually that would be cool.
Or like have like some sort of like New Age thing, no not New Age, like New Wave and then
have like Daria hanging out on the side.
Or Nine Inch Nails concert.
Geeta in our chat room says, this is the true story of seven gamers picked to play a game
and have their lives taped.
Pull the gun trigger now, point it in my head and pull the trigger.
Moving on to other music game news, this is a little bit exciting, but yet at the same
time disappointing.
Word is coming via joystick from their hands on of Parappa the Rappa on the PSP.
The PSP demo for Parappa the Rappa, which we reported last week is coming to the PSP,
it's the exact same demo that the PS1 Parappa the Rappa used, which makes us think Parappa
the Rappa on PSP is just going to be a frickin port of Parappa the Rappa PlayStation.
And while Parappa the Rappa is a great game and it'll help expose it to a new generation,
old school fans like myself and I'm sure the others in this room can't help but weep a
little bit at this news.
Now there is some silver lining to this, the graphics have been cleaned up, the audio is
a little bit crisper, the rapping guy Parappa of course still stutters, you know when you
don't hit the buttons right, but I think that's kind of what they're supposed to do.
Now supposedly though there is going to be a multiplayer mode, which could, you know,
make this game the must own, I don't know.
But it should also be pointed out that there's cute little Parappa stickers for the PSP and
I look at that and I go I want one right now, right now, that's hot.
Consumer horror, and hell.
Alright we're going to bring this part A to a close here, but first we've got DDR sneak
peeks for you guys, that's right here on Orange Launch Radio, we've been previewing new DDR
games that are coming out very soon, UltraMix 4 a little later this year as well as DDR
Universe sometime this winter at some point and we've been playing about four songs a
week and we're going to continue that tonight.
We've got two songs from DDR UltraMix 4 and DDR Universe to play for you guys.
Let's start it off with a long version because we've been throwing some long versions in
here.
This is a song that's going to be included in DDR UltraMix 4 and it's by an artist named
Rupesh Kartel and this I believe is a license from the A Different Drum label and this is
a pretty cool song.
It's called Yours to Command, it's a little bit of a slow jam, enjoy this one here on
Orange Launch Radio, DDR sneak peeks.
I was deleting all connections to life in this town, sitting questioning just about
everything I've tried and I didn't need solutions, you'd be wanting me to buy, as the ring fell
on the ground.
Out in the quiet on the wet streets, reflecting red and blue
Setting off to see while nothing old and nothing new From the east side to the west side, I'm moving in the calm Here are pieces I've been missing for so long
Come in determination, I'm yours to command Come true intimidation, I'm yours to command
Come in determination, I'm yours to command I'm yours to command
Come true determination, I'm yours to command
Come in determination, I'm yours to command Come true intimidation, I'm yours to command
From DDR UltraMix IV, that is Rupesh Cartel with Yours to Command here on Orange Lounge Radio, the DDR Sneak Peaks.
Kind of 80s reminiscent, that song. That's kind of cool.
It'll probably have a pretty easy step chart, but that's okay. The noobs need something to play, and that's a good song, I think.
Alright, we're going to go and do another song, and this song is from DDR Universe, and I have a feeling this might be a little bit of a controversial song,
because they've taken an old Konami classic and really remixed the heck out of it, so it's interesting.
Imagine your favorite gothic whipping game of all time with a big band swing sound.
Yeah, I'm not even kidding. It's Castlevania, the freestyle and mix, wave group featuring Nicky G.
See what you think. This is coming to DDR Universe here on the Orange Lounge Radio Sneak Peaks.
This is coming to DDR Universe here on the Orange Lounge Radio Sneak Peaks.
This is coming to DDR Universe.
This is coming to DDR Universe.
Castlevania, the freestyle and mix here on Orange Lounge Radio, DDR Sneak Peaks.
Kind of interesting. I haven't heard anything quite like that before.
I've heard plenty like it. I have the Saturn version of Symphony of the Night, or I should say Nocturne in the Moonlight,
and if you play as Richter or Maria when you go into the lobby there of the castle,
you actually get either Vampire Killer or I think Bloodlines, depending on who you play.
I think Maria gets Vampire Killer, and it's sort of a similar mix to that.
Also, that style of music has shown up in Dracula X on the PC Engine Duo.
But you can't help but imagine Alucard in the shiny jacket getting down all BG style, right?
This is nothing new from Konami.
Interesting mixed reaction from the chat room there to that, though,
because I bet a lot of people probably haven't heard that same thing you have,
and some people in the chat room are kind of like...
Bloody Tears, that was the other one.
That's a little bit of a weird sound, but some other people are like, wow, I really dig that.
It's like most DDR song lists. There's going to be some songs you love and some songs you don't like so much,
but there's something for everyone.
That was right, Maria gets Bloody Tears, and that was...
I haven't played that game in like a year.
Chat room is also yelling that we're not acknowledging Supernova that's coming out next week,
and should I point out, Loki actually already mentioned it, hello, in his upcoming releases,
but you guys already have heard the Supernova VR at this point.
We don't have anything new for you regarding that,
but we do have something new for you from DDR UltraMix 4, another track here.
This is a song called Electric Air, and it's by an artist called Amit,
and it's a simple four-letter name there, A-M-I-T, Amit,
and it's called Electric Air here on the DDR Sneak Previews. Check it out, Orange Launch Radio.
I see a rush in the shade, yeah
That was Electric Air by Amit here on Orange Launch Radio, DDR Sneak Peaks.
One more song for you guys tonight, and if you guys played DDR UltraMix 2,
or heck, if you've played some of those import mixes from Japan of BeatMania 2DX,
then you might know a little song called Toe Jam that was a very interesting little song,
kind of a little bit of country hoedown by Big Idea.
Well, guess what? Big Idea is back in DDR universe, and so is Toe Jam.
This is our last song tonight. It's Big Idea with Return of the Toe Jam
here on the Orange Launch Radio Sneak Peaks.
Big Idea with Return of the Toe Jam
Return of the Toe Jam by Big Idea coming soon to DDR universe.
That was cool.
I expect Minnie Pearl to come out towards the end of that song and go, hi!
It's interesting, I think a lot of the songs we've played tonight kind of have this common theme
where some people probably really liked it and some people didn't like it so much,
but hopefully there was one of those four, at least if not three, that you really dug.
Me personally, I kind of dug them all. Trust me, if I thought one of them sucked, I'd tell you,
but I think they're all pretty cool, so the game should be interesting.
I have actually done square dancing when I was younger, much younger.
Now that's what Konami needs, square dance revolution.
Square dancing is actually kind of fun.
You know what? I used to look forward to that in P.E.,
because it was like, hey, we were in the gym for two weeks.
DJ Tyrant said that song delivers. I wonder if he means deliverance.
Yeah, real pretty ass.
Yeah, when the DDR announcer tells me to squeal like a pig, that's when I'm going to stop playing.
I actually haven't square danced since I was in fourth grade, by the way.
Really? We did it in high school.
Konami, are you listening? Square dance revolution, make it happen, come on.
They gave us karaoke revolution country.
Karaoke revolution country sold, didn't it?
We had it at E3, though, so I could sing Good Old Boys.
Oh, give me a break.
To get my Dukes of Hazzard on.
I think I played it at Konami Gamers' Day and there was some Shania song.
I sung it, I think. I can't remember.
Shania is awesome.
Do I even know you two anymore?
Apparently.
Dude, line dancing revolution. See, there's a difference.
Line dancing is kind of like stupid cheerleading para para, but square dancing is kind of cool.
Alright, we need to go take a break so we can reminisce some more.
So that's going to do it for our part A, but we'll be back in a little bit with part B of our podcast.
