Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this very special Part C to celebrate our 200th episode.
Now I want to warn you guys, if this is your first time downloading Orange Lounge Radio, this is going to be a little bit different.
This is not your typical segment of Orange Lounge Radio.
So I urge you to check out orangeloungeradio.com and dip back in our podcast feed and check out Parts A and B.
We envision this section of the show to be a little more like our afterbirth segment.
For those that listen live, you know what that is.
It's a little bonus thing we do just for the live listeners.
We do have a little bit more game news.
We just filled up with stuff in Part B and just had a little more we wanted to talk about here in Part C.
But first, before we get to that gaming news, what we did is we brought in a little bit of champagne.
I promise there will be liquor tonight in one form or another.
We're going to do a toast here to our 200th episode.
Does anyone want to make the toast or should I just do it or what?
Anyone want to say a little bit?
Alright.
I would say it's been a wonderful 200 episodes with you all and we're going to keep doing this as long as we possibly can.
Hopefully another 200 episodes in the future.
Loki, anything you want to say?
I can't reach.
Alright.
Dr. Sakura?
To quote, this is the thing I always toast.
Here's to us.
Who's like us?
Damn few.
And they're all dead.
Toast, toast.
Yay.
Clean.
You can't hear the cleans because they're plastic.
That's some good Corbel.
Alright.
You're not a big champagne fan?
I hate champagne.
I like champagne but I really like it and a good mimosa.
Why can't we just toast Guinness?
Okay.
When we reach 300, we toast Guinness.
Or 250 is a big number too.
I don't know.
I think it's going to be more like the fifth birthday because fifth birthday is pretty big so we'll see.
Anyway, Jamie already burped the Corbel.
That's amazing.
That's some fizzy stuff.
That is amazing.
Alright.
We have a little bit of extra stories here for you guys.
Loki?
Yes.
A lot of fun stuff for part C.
Anyways, I really shouldn't be paying attention.
Thank you Chat Room for your well wishes by the way.
So, there's been a lot of rumors going around about the 360.
One that keeps popping back up is Microsoft's going to release a brand new 360 with an internal HD DVD drive.
Once again, they have said no.
We are not releasing a SKU with an HD DVD drive.
It says, it turns out you want to say in how you spend your entertainment dollars.
So, who are we to burden every customer with the cost of expensive movie technology?
Ooh, sub Sony.
Ouch.
That was Bill Gates whipping it out right there.
No, that was actually a generic Microsoft employees.
Sorry, that was a Microsoft employee whipping out their cock.
No, that was one of their technical writers.
I see.
This is why I'm in school to be a tech writer.
Alright.
So that I too can whip out the corporate cock.
I don't need a corporate cock.
I just need a cock.
Your girlfriend is still bigger.
Anyway.
There is actually the Game U College Tour will be making the rounds.
It will be featuring the Xbox 360, Xbox and PC gaming.
The tour will last three months and it will hit up 40 different college campuses.
It's produced by Game Informer, Norcent TV and Mountain Dew and a bunch of other folks.
And it's going to hopefully reach 90,000 different people.
Some of the titles that are included are Madden NFL 07, blah, blah, blah.
Rainbow Six, Saints Row, Mortal Combat Armageddon, America's Army Special Forces,
Splitter's Little Agent, blah, blah, blah, Project Gotham 3, Dead Rising.
In other words, all the games Jamie does not enjoy playing.
Hey, Dead Rising.
Okay, that's cool.
Dead Rising was hot.
And there will be a Madden NFL 07 football field goal competition and the winners take home $1,000 as the prize.
And Game Informer will have a Halo 2 competition each place with an unnamed prize it seems.
So the tour starts on September 14th at the University of Arizona in Tucson.
Other schools that will be visited will be just general places.
They will be going to Austin, Texas, University of Texas, University of Missouri, Wichita State.
Vanderbilt, Northern Kentucky, Temple University, Penn State.
They will be going to State University of New York in Buffalo and Miami University of Ohio.
That always makes me laugh.
And of course Notre Dame in Indiana.
All right.
Well, if the game isn't coming to you, maybe you need to bring the game with you everywhere you go.
Now you know those little plug and play things, right?
The little joysticks you can plug into your TV.
You see them sell these at Target all the time, right?
Well, these things are getting smaller and smaller and now check this out.
They now have key chain plug and plays.
A little teeny Atari joystick and a little teeny Atari paddle that you can take with you to play games on the go.
They have actual games in these.
It's an included six foot cable that comes with it.
It's on a battery powered reel and you put it on the key chain here.
Then you can plug it in and play.
There's one joystick that will have Asteroids and Millipede, another with Centipede and Yars Revenge,
and then the paddle will have Pong, Breakout, and Warlords.
That's crazy.
The key chain comes with a separate pocket sized reel that holds six feet of cords and RCA jacks.
It's powered by three AAA batteries, single player only, however, since it is just a little key chain.
That's crazy.
I wonder what the original Atari programmers think of these.
I know, I've got to wonder.
That's the next Classic Gaming Expo that they do.
They skipped here for Classic Gaming Expo so they could do the 10th anniversary.
Right.
I'm definitely going and I'm going to ask them what they think of that because that's just crazy.
GS68 says, I'm left handed, I demand a lefty stick or I will refuse to buy Atari 2600 related crap.
Dark Tetsuya in our chat says, shame the paddle won't link up with three others.
So, sad.
Okay, well, what we're going to do now, I think that was about all the gaming news we have.
We'll get some last minute stories in a minute if any folks have stuff.
Well, first, we have these.
I wanted to play these since we are celebrating our 200th episode.
We got sent a surprise from All Games, our buddies at All Games.
So, I was going to go ahead and play this so we could hear this.
Hey Crop, did you hear the news?
What news?
Orange Lounge Radio is doing their 200th episode this week.
What?
Yeah.
Two hundred?
Yeah.
Nice dedication for you.
Yeah, it is.
Two hundred shows.
Two hundred.
That's a lot.
Yeah?
Yeah, it is.
You think you'll ever reach that level of dedication?
Well, my contract is only for thirty.
You have a contract?
Oops.
Hey there, this is Scott from All Games Interactive wishing the guys and girls at Orange Lounge Radio
a happy 200th episode.
Sky, Dark Sacra, and Loki, you guys kick ass.
In fact, to celebrate, we are going to spend the next four days playing DDR and listening to DDR music.
So, from everyone here at the Arena Lounge, on 200 episodes, you guys rock.
Do you realize how cool it would be if I could actually play V and have it sound like this?
Oh, anyway, Bobby Blackwolf here from that show that comes on before you guys.
200, eh?
Y'all cheated, counting all those years of internet radio and all.
But don't worry, Scott's funky episode numbering will catch up in about a month.
But seriously, y'all were one of the reasons I started podcasting and I enjoy you guys each week.
Good luck to all of you in the future, and make sure it doesn't go downhill from here.
Someone had to say it.
That was wonderful.
That was so cute.
That was so cute. I don't know what else to say.
Just the thing that had me cracking was, you had a contract?
That was Kopackin and Hendrix from the show Between Us.
You know, who are all those people at Arena yelling in the background there?
That was kind of interesting.
They hired people.
Yeah, they must have hired stand-ins to do that.
Hey Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
What?
I want my second glass of champagne.
Good for you.
Did you want my glass?
That was unintentional.
Did you want my glass of champagne? Because I don't want it.
Let me finish this one first.
That's what I did at your wedding.
No, that's what I did at your wedding.
Yeah, I want to see if Scott really does play for a day's worth of DDR.
Because, you know, Scott's full of shit sometimes.
I wonder if he's really going to do four days of DDR.
I cannot picture him playing DDR.
But if they do, is Black Boy still listening?
Oh no, I don't think he is.
Somebody videotape it over at Arena Lounge.
God damn it, that Rob shit in the chat room needs to stop right now.
They are just flooding our chat.
You haven't done that since like what, episode one?
I think so.
All right.
Well, All Games, we love those guys.
And thank you guys so much for getting in on that and putting that together for us.
That was awesome.
Our fans also decided to ambush our voicemail line this week.
I know we have fans.
That's what I said too.
Well, we had some voicemails hit our voicemail line this week.
So we're going to play that as well.
Hello, Orange Land Radio.
Happy 200th episode.
Thank you.
I love you guys.
You're a lover.
No, it's not Japanese hard time for it.
Really?
Thank you.
Oh, I heart you.
Let's hit three.
Hi, Orange Land Radio.
This is Christian Cream.
Congratulations on episode 200.
I'm with you all the way.
Thanks.
Have a good show.
I'm going to be looking for my stuff.
Yay, Orange Land Radio.
Whoo!
Hello, Sky, Loki, and Dark Sakura.
This is DMX.
I'm calling to congratulate you guys on your 200th episode.
I don't know many podcasts at all.
I'll be honest.
But you guys have been around for a while.
I've heard about you for a while.
I just started being a part of the station in a bigger way.
And I love you guys.
Keep up the good work.
Here's to another 200.
You guys all take care.
Let's hit three.
This is MPV operator 6160 with a message.
Hello, Orange Land Radio.
And congratulations on your 200th episode.
Hope for many more in the future.
Pooh, you're out.
Hey, it's Misty.
And I'm pretty sure that I'm going
to be listening tonight anyway.
But I just wanted to say, in a more personal way,
congrats on reaching episode 200.
Bye.
Wow.
That was really sweet, you guys.
Thank you very much.
I know.
I like the guy.
I think it was Yuri Lever who sounded like he was talking.
And he had just had this.
Oh, god.
Red versus blue.
Who is that?
Camus.
Camus.
He sounded like Camus.
I have to go to the bathroom now.
I have the microphone to the phone.
And you tell everybody what you just told me.
Uh-oh.
Dan?
What?
What did he say?
Tell us what you just told me.
Are you getting it?
All right.
On the count of three.
One, two, three.
Congratulations.
We can't hear it.
We can't hear it.
What's he saying?
Just tell us what he's saying.
From everybody here, Pat Bucher.
Do you have speakerphone on that?
No.
I do have speakerphone.
Oh, yeah.
Put it on speakerphone.
One second.
We warned you guys it would be random.
OK.
Is that it?
Is this your husband?
This is Dan.
OK.
Say it again.
Uh, congratulations on your 200th episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Man, I didn't think you'd make it to, you know, two.
We didn't think we'd make it to two either.
Wow.
That was nice.
Everybody's getting in on the love.
You're still on speakerphone.
You're still there.
Close the damn phone.
We've got other stuff to get to.
Don't wait.
Bye, sweetie.
All right.
Dork.
Yes.
I'm saying this on the radio.
My husband is a dork, but he brings me pinballs, so that's why I keep them around.
This is great radio.
You know what?
We're all drinking champagne.
What can I say?
This is the second time Dan's been on the show.
This is great champagne.
Any last minute stories tonight?
Loki.
Yes.
Of course, I have stuff.
The first thing I want to talk about is release dates, because, of course, I have stuff.
It's all very interesting and always very controversial.
This mostly is from Sega, who we've had some problems with in the past about Phantasy Star
Universe, but anyways, let's talk about next gen, shall we?
Virtual Fighter V for the PlayStation 3 is slated to come out March 15th of next year,
so look forward to that.
Also gracing our presence will be Virtual Tennis 3 for both the PlayStation 3, the Xbox
360, and the PSP, all those coming out on the 21st of March next year.
This one we ran on the site also, and this is probably the first you'll hear of it.
Full Auto 2 coming to the PSP March 14th, so it's not just PlayStation 3 anymore.
Very interesting on that.
And then this one, which is very controversial, since there was some news from From Software
that this version might not be coming out.
Coming from Sega, Armored Core 4 on both the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360, March 21st.
These dates were just updated in our system on the 11th of September, so this is very
fresh news.
Also After Burner for the PSP coming out March 21st as well, so look forward to those wonderful
Sega games March of next year.
Alright, I am going to open up the Skype line over at Orangelaunchradio.com, click on interact
with us, or you can always call us on the regular telephone as well, it's 916-226-9067.
I imagine the Skype line is going to be very popular tonight, we'll get through as many
calls as we can, we're practically dedicating a whole segment to it, we'll see.
Well, they're already coming in, so let's pick up a call and start going.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
This is Meg Z.
Hi Meg Z!
Meg Z!
How are you Meg Z?
I am fantastic.
I just went deaf.
From all the girly screaming in here, I think I just went deaf.
What's on your mind?
Wii!
Wii!
Are you excited about the Wii news, or are you just celebrating our 200th episode with
us?
A little bit of both.
Alright, you're definitely going to be getting a Wii?
Oh man, the morning after I knew, I had called my GameStop at 9 in the morning to see if
we could do reserves yet, and unfortunately we couldn't, but yes, I will be getting a
Wii.
Alright!
What games do you want to pick up?
I would like to stress that I predicted the date.
How did you predict the date?
Did you just pull it out of your butt, or did you make connections?
Here's my reasoning.
Here's my reasoning.
Okay, so if you guys with decent memories remember, the GameCube launched shortly after
the Xbox did, and it did phenomenally that holiday season.
And the PS3 launches on a Friday, the 17th of Friday, and I know Nintendo likes to launch
their systems on Sundays, so I said, hey, Sunday the 19th, that could be their release
date.
That's my prediction.
And then not three hours later, the information got leaked that it was going to be released
on that Sunday.
I'm sitting here looking at a text message on my phone that says November 19th from Megzi.
Well good job on that, making an educated guess to do it.
So your internet penis grew by two inches for that.
Congratulations.
I've also got a funny story.
Yeah, the funny story.
Okay, so lately I've been trying to catch up on games that I might have missed.
They came out and they were great, but for some reason I didn't pick them up.
So the other day I picked up Metroid Prime, right?
Because I never got a chance to play it and I wanted to try it out.
So after I got off of work, I called Chris and-
Chris is looking angry at this story already.
Oh, she's flipping you off.
All right, let's hear it.
So I called up Chris and I was like, so this is what I did during my day.
And I picked up Metroid Prime and she says, oh, is that the one with the monkey?
Aw, poor Chris.
We love you, Chris.
And so we decided we're going to make a game called Metroid Primate.
I thought it was a different game.
I did not claim to be an expert on video games.
I know, but Metroid and a monkey, what was your-
I'm going to prove to you.
I thought it was a different game.
That's why you thought it was like Dungeon Siege or something.
No, I didn't.
I thought it was an RP.
Megsy, it's Dungeon Zoo.
Shut up.
Dungeon Zoo.
I'm still going- Megsy, we need to like start doing pictures of Metroid Primates.
Hells yeah.
All right.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Heart.
Heart, we love you, Chris.
You hear this?
She's invited the biteage.
I do want to point out though, Wonder Dog Harold in our chat room says Samus with a
pet monkey would be the best.
I bet she'd- We love you, Chris.
You bring us- Speaking of pets, you heard this week that
they announced Seaman 2 for the PlayStation 2 coming out.
Tee hee.
What?
Tee hee.
All right.
Megsy, we got to take some more calls because everybody's trying to get in tonight, but
any last words?
Oh, Reggie, you're so fine.
You're so fine.
You blew my mind.
Hey, Reggie.
Hey.
All right.
Hey, Reggie.
Reggie fan.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Aw, Chris is pouting.
You want to say anything to Megsy, Chris?
I love you.
I hate you.
I love you too.
I hate you so much.
Hey, Chris.
You know what that- Megsy.
Megsy.
Megsy, you know what that means though?
You know what that means though?
What?
Makeup sex.
Ooh.
All right.
See you later.
See ya.
Bye.
I thought you were making a trip to Wisconsin pretty soon, Chris.
I know.
I'm going next weekend.
And there's going to be lots of makeup sex.
Lots and lots of makeup sex.
Hi.
You're on Orange.
Whoa.
We're getting feedback.
Hi.
Hi, this is Bob Coffee from the chat room.
We are on Purple and we are on Yellow and we are on Yellow and
we are on Yellow and
comment I'd like to make and sorry about the
shitty first call. That's alright, no no, you got a bad hum so that's alright
you'll be able to hear it and
try to figure out what the problem is. I gotta let you go though buddy. Thanks so much for the call
we like hearing from new people
interesting thought that Nintendo 64 was going to be $249 when it first came out
and then they cut the price last minute could that happen again
I think the pack-in game kinda breaks this deal here I think with Wii Sports
being in there I think $250 is kinda set in stone
I don't see it getting cut at the last minute but who knows anything's possible right
right? I think it all comes down to their feedback
they get from people. Alright let's go to another call. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Greetings my brother and sister in
this is Mel B actually. Hi Mel!
Wow, Mel you were here forever ago. You've known of Orange Launch Radio since
episode like six
Pretty much. Wow. I've seen you in like what maybe three different studios already
Yeah we've been to a lot of different places we've gotten evicted from a lot of places
What's on your mind buddy? Oh well you know it's 200 you know I had to weigh in you know
say congratulations to you guys. Appreciate it
you know it's just I'm just really proud of how you guys have grown by
within this 194 episodes I guess since I first seen you
I mean I can remember back in the day when you know it's like
you guys would have to be scrapping to get contact left and right
like you know I'd be trying to hook you up with this and now you guys are like making a name on
your own and it's like you know I can just fade in the background and
I mean you guys have just been darn good ever since. Well we appreciate you you know taking a
chance on the show when it was such a little deal you know you were a big name
in the DDR scene for freestyle and everything well still are too just
you know DDR in general
you know you haven't had a lot of tournaments lately but you know you came on our show
kinda early on
and a lot of people recognize you from freestyle so that's great
and you know it kind of enabled us to be all friends and stuff after that so
really it was kind of good to have Mr. DDR on there. Yeah guys actually both kind of like cutting one of those first radio promos for you back then.
Yeah it was awesome. So what do you think of the DDR scene now versus four years ago when the show
started?
I think I mean a lot of it
kinda I mean it's been a major shift whereas before there was sort of like a
kinda like a 60-40 split where freestyle was bringing in a lot of casual
people in
but now it's become such a technical sport now with Perfect Attack and White Hot
it's pretty much a standard now. Freestyle is sort of like
I think people just aren't pushing each other nowadays to be better
they're just kinda like waiting for some tournament to come around they're just doing
something good enough to win so there really just isn't that progress for quite yet
and I don't see one up because Supernova's got so many darn songs that you know
people were begging for but you know what can you do I mean
I'm sure I'm gonna break out some more routine sooner or later but you know until then
I guess I'll just be laying in the cut. Is In the Groove partially to blame for
freestyle
going down and PA going up?
Well I mean there just wasn't that much to do in the group for freestyle but I think
kind of
I think with freestyle it was just sort of like to the point where
I think I mean just kinda looking back now just in retrospect
I think a good freestyle sort of has a very short
life span I guess if you could say it's sort of like
you're hot for a good six months or a year but then afterwards it's like judges
you know get tired of your act and you know they want to see something new but
no one new has really stepped up since like 2003, 2004
So well I hope Supernova can just turn some of that around I guess we'll see huh?
I'm pretty sure I mean I do know some people that are still hungry and waiting for their
big chance to you know break out on the team that I think
it's gotta be the onus is on a lot of people who are big into
freestyle community that still have name value to put together events even
doesn't even have to be like a tournament for a thousand bucks whatever you just could
get good get-togethers you know just videotape it and you know just get the
word around by you know whatever
YouTube will get people back into Spain
well it'll be very interesting to see what happens you know in the future and
everything and I know OLR wants to do some type of DDR tournament we've got
some ideas so we'll see what happens in the future
you can definitely count on me to give you a hand with that one
appreciate it buddy we gotta let you go to take more calls thanks so much it's
really good to hear from you on this landmark episode
alright so yeah congratulations to all you three and Madden rules and screw you guys for
hating it
oh we don't hate Madden we don't hate it we just don't you know frickin
foam at the mouth over it but you know yeah different strokes for different folks
okay but it's all good I'll take it easy it's all good have a good one buddy
later alright you mean roster update 2006 is the actual name of the game no I'm teasing
let's go to another call
hi you're on Orange Lawn's radio who's this?
hi SSJ100, Matt what's on your mind buddy?
Latin is one to congratulate you on the 200 episodes and everything
well we appreciate that a lot buddy
what's on your mind with all the wee news?
what's on your mind with all the wee news?
I'm just thinking about my bank account really
are you going to be into PS3 too?
I'll be selling the PS3 oh you're going to do one of those ebay things
oh yeah shame on you alright anything else you want to get out for our listeners tonight?
no I just want to make a shout out to all
all my New York people
and justin and stephanie
alright well I'll be seeing you in October
you better come to the mini olr con wherever we end up having it
actually I'll be missing you by a week oh damn you
oh well maybe next time yep alright buddy
thanks for calling in bye bye
alright let's go to another call here I'll go to this one
hi you're on Orange Lawn's radio who's this? hey it's Little Rain again hi what's on your mind Little Rain?
two things yep first
congratulations on having 200 episodes thank you very much
appreciate it I have out a few friends with their podcast and
trying to get first live radio and then podcast
it's amazing that you guys have made it this far
it's a big fan mark we're amazed too that we've lasted this long it's something else
I think probably it's crossed all three of our minds at one point or another
that we wanted to quit
but there's something that always brings us back to doing this
I'll never do that I'll admit there was there was one week where it was pretty bad I was
having a really emo week and I was about ready to come on here and go I quit
but you know in the end it's really you know it's about you guys and about you
know of course Loki and Dark Sakura
just getting to hang out with them every week and everything and while we may
have our ups and downs sometimes you know it all comes back to games here at
Orange Lawn's radio so it's it's good
it's the it's the great equalizer
and second thing was I saw the Nintendo Wii press conference
well what did you think?
well yay that it's coming out so early I was
half thinking it was going to be delayed but you know they
they actually kept it and they also were talking about
how you can put like videos on the memory card
and play them back
now do you think with codecs and all that do you think
everything's going to work universal or you could just download something
or pay 20 Wii points and get the newest codec that works with everything?
Do you have a thought, Loki?
You know what they're running as far as graphics
you know a graphics card in there. Would it be licensing with the codecs too
could come into play? Some codecs are free but yeah I mean
this is whatever they want to do I mean it I'm sure it's going to support like
MPEG-2 and stuff like that because
I mean they were basically kind of thinking can you take your camcorder and you
plug in your SD memory card from that into there and you get to watch videos
alright well you going to be picking up a Wii?
Oh yes. Alright.
I'm going to be picking up the PS3. You are going to get a PS3.
I told you I had to. Oh that's right that's right because you had to buy the one for your friend
because of the bet and everything. Alright well
you're not going to buy one for yourself? Well the Wii for myself, yes.
The PS3, hell no. Why not? Why no PS3 for yourself?
There's nothing at launch that really drives me to get it.
Sony's gonna have to sell it really really sell it at Tokyo Game Show to show
us why we need one at launch
should be interesting. Alright. Thanks.
No problem. Hey we gotta let you go buddy because we got more calls coming in but thanks so
much for calling in tonight.
Alright later. Lots and lots of calls tonight. We really appreciate it.
Let's go to another call. Oh my gosh we're getting so many calls tonight. Hi you're on Orange
Falls Radio. Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin. Hi Raven's Dolphin. What's on your mind buddy?
Sorry I'm on my cell phone but this is Skype's working.
That's alright you know we're getting hammered left and right tonight. What's on your mind?
I got a hairline
fracture on my DS. How'd that happen?
I don't know and I replaced it
and BB charged me 50 bucks for it. Ouch!
You didn't have one of those replacement policy things or whatever? No I had it.
But you'll trade it in and you'll get a black one.
Oh huh interesting. Was this a DS Lite that cracked or a DS Fat?
Oh it was a Lite and I was pissed.
Wow yeah I got a lot of problems with that. But didn't Nintendo do some type of
replacement system or was that just the UK? I don't remember. It's been so long now.
They charged you 50 bucks to replace it?
Was it your fault?
Here's the thing. They replaced it but
it would only be a white one. It wouldn't be a free black one which pissed me off.
Oh I see. Did you have a black one or did you have a white one and you wanted to get a black one?
I had a white one and I wanted to get a black one. Ah well that's why they charged you for it.
God it's just a stinking color though but I guess you know maybe there's more
demand for the black ones right now or something I don't know.
Why would you want a black one? It wouldn't match your Wii. Well everyone wanted a black one.
Didn't you say you wanted a pink one? I want a pink one! I almost bought one at Walmart but I'm poor.
Because we don't make money off OLR. But some day.
Anything else on your mind Raven's Dolphins? We have to get some more calls.
Oh sure. There's one more thing on my mind.
It's they're doing the right thing with it.
How so?
Because how the name is and how they're setting it up
they're really putting Sony in jeopardy this time.
We'll all see after the Christmas season when the numbers come out. I think you might be right though.
Alright I'm definitely trying to get a Wii.
I'm going to stand in the freezing cold on a Walmart
or at EB. I'm paying someone to get it. Just let's hope that whole little
thing about what they're supposedly doing in Hawaii with the whole fifty
dollars to reserve
or fifty dollars in trade-ins to reserve it doesn't catch on nationwide because
that's kinda poopy.
So we'll see. Alright guys so I'm gonna cut it short and go.
Alright. It's all good buddy. Have a good one.
Alright. Lay it up. Wow we're just getting
more and more calls. We'll just keep it going. Why not? We have a whole nother
section to show here tonight. Let's go to another call. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's me Ron. What's up fellas? Hey how you doing? Hey wait a minute. I'm doing good.
I do not believe the lady sitting behind me is a fella. Ron, how could you forget?
I splashed you with stupid stuff from China. What can I tell you?
I am not cursed. Alright. What's on your mind, Rama? Not much. A few things. I finally saw a
Dance Revolution yesterday and it wasn't that bad.
Really? I heard it was a vomit in my mouth. You know what's interesting?
The show is not being carried in Sacramento so we couldn't see it.
Yeah. It's not on a CBS out there? No it's not on a CBS.
I looked at the preview guide and there was not anything there. So kudos to KOVR 13.
Good job guys. No crap on that network. Good job.
Does Viacom own them? I don't know but I heard there was no like actual DDR
stuff on the show. There wasn't.
It's the same font and that's about it. It's basically Dance Fever with little
kids and it's a contest and the grand prize is a $25,000 scholarship from Konami.
Okay so why was that not shitty? I don't know because I thought it wasn't so bad.
It broke the mold. Everybody was thinking it was going to be DDR this, DDR that, you know?
Are you a twelve-year-old girl?
No. Okay. Do you think twelve-year-old girls will like the show?
I have no idea. Bandit in our chat room says,
fuck Dance Fever. Fuck you too. Alright.
Anything else on your mind buddy? I wanted to say some other things
but I have here in my hands a 22 ounce
ounce of Guinness and I'm about to open it up and I'm having a toast here for you guys.
I appreciate that. A toast to you? Yeah. Here's to you,
here's to me, the best of friends we will be. But if we should ever happen to agree,
well
fuck you and here's to me. I'm down on this bitch right now.
Enjoy that Guinness motherfucker. I'll see you in October.
Got that shit right. Later.
Let's go to one of our old favorites. I've been making the poor bastard wait all night.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? One and only Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind Mr. Zaku? Well, just, you know,
200 episodes man. That's a feat right there that you can't
accomplish without effort. It wouldn't be a 200th episode without our
200 minutes worth of phone calls caller here, Zaku.
Yes. Digital life's coming up. You excited? You going to go see Final Fantasy XII?
Yeah, that and I'm trying to pick out a freestyle routine. I'm trying to pick out a song most importantly.
I kind of have a case of Freestyler's Block at the moment.
Alright, you going to come visit me in October because I'm coming to New York?
Yeah, most definitely. I'll even give you the stuff that I'm a
snag from Digital Life. You going to get us another signed poster? Because that was pretty bad ass.
He got us this signed poster. That depends if Rocks or Red Octane has something set up.
We'll take anything. We like free things. Oh, alright then.
You know Supernova's Patch came out last week, right?
That's right. We have a patch and there's a new song in it, right? Some type of remix?
Fascination Eternal Love Remix. Should be fun.
It basically is a
remix of Fascination Max
but with the sounds that you get from opening a door in the car.
The little ringing sound and just a lot of phone ringing right there.
I think you have the video up there on your site.
Okay.
Anyways, the last thing. I don't get how Nintendo flip flops on what they say.
On one side they said they were going to be reaching free but on the other
they act as if they didn't exist. They end up denying it.
Someone hasn't made a final decision on it. Management can't.
The left hand's not talking to the right hand. That's exactly what's going on.
Happens in corporate America all the time.
I was pretty excited on Thursday when I heard all these wonderful fairy tales
about the Wii.
Then all of a sudden we have this little black eye
that came days later.
Was the news the end of the world though, Zaku?
I mean, you know what? Screw the Wii and PS3.
It's all about Happy Sky CS. That's it.
I'm focusing all my energy on something besides the hype.
Beatmania is the only game you need, huh?
Sounds fair. We got to let you go, Zaku. We got more calls.
Peace.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, it's Arcadian42.
What's on your mind?
I had to call in because I haven't listened in a while. I had a connection from the first show
since I think I was there. You were there on the first show and this is the
most we've ever heard from you
in like 200 episodes worth of shows.
No, I know. We appreciate your support over the years, Arcadian42.
It's been less recently since I've been playing
too many video games lately. What do you think of the Wii?
It looks like it will be interesting. I haven't really been following the news,
but since I might have money soon, I might actually be able to buy one.
Awesome. Is that the system of choice
amongst the three? I don't know. I'll have to see what I want.
Alright, sounds good. Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Not really. Just congratulations on your 200 episodes.
Maybe I'll see you and come to a future show.
Yeah, anytime. The door's open to you anytime.
That's awesome. Thank you so much. It really means a lot to us that we have
folks that remember us all the way from episode one still calling in.
I know you've been a longtime supporter of the show. We really appreciate it, my friend.
Alright. Alright, have a good one, buddy. You too. Later.
Lots and lots of good news. Let's do at least one more call here. Hi, you're on Orange Lomps Radio.
Who's this?
AJ Twist. Hi, what's on your mind?
Just calling in to say happy 200th birthday.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's it. Seeing how you guys are.
Basically, I want to talk to Dark Sakura about Tekken DR.
Okay. Dark Sakura?
Yes. How are you liking the game?
I have to say that I like it a whole lot because I'm just such an uber Tekken fan girl
that
it's all about. Though, I always play with Jin every time.
But it's really fun. I like that you have so many different characters to choose from.
It's pretty cool.
I don't know if you remember my letter I wrote in.
Two, three, four months ago, maybe? Oh, it was the Pink Yoshi?
I think... I seem to recall a handle named Pink Yoshi because I'm sure I would have made
fun of it.
Yeah, yeah, you did. I see.
Nothing personal, my friend.
No, it's all good. But yeah, I'm still up for some good matches with you, Dark Sakura, and Tekken.
Some day? Some time?
Some time. Right now it's been kind of crazy busy, but I'm
working on trying to set some time aside. If I can ever wrestle the
PSP away from Dan, except he's been... I'll have to take it when he's distracted with
pinball.
You guys will have to set up some time on the Orange House Radio message forums.
Yeah, send me a message on the forums and we'll see about setting something up.
Are you aware of the ghost system?
I'm sorry? Are you aware of the ghost system? No, actually.
If you play through the dojo,
eventually you can unlock the ghost system, which records your character as you play
and act as your ghost, and you can play that.
Other players can play that online. Oh, that's pretty cool. That's kind of neat.
I'll have to do that, then. Once you get that ghost,
maybe you can somehow rip it out of the PSP and
online, send it over to me and I'll send you my ghost. Wow, that's kind of neat. I wish they did that for Mario Kart.
I'll have to set some time aside.
Check out Tekken if I may plug in the site. Is that alright?
Yeah, I'm going to miss that. Tekken what? Tekken Zaibatsu.
Oh, the Tekken Zaibatsu? Yeah, they have a
little forum on that, too. Oh yeah, I used to go to that site all the time
to get all the pictures and everything from the official Namco art.
I haven't been to that. I actually haven't been to that site in easily a year. I forgot about it.
But no, I... Yeah, it hasn't been too big lately.
Not much going on. No, that's a cool site. I'll have to check out the forum.
Thanks. Alright, any other thoughts?
Yeah, oh, Logi. Huh?
A question about the PSP on hacking it.
Since you're big on that. What now? A question on the PSP hacking.
Yeah. Do you know any cool type of media players that can play playlists?
Hmm, that can play playlists.
I know they had some stuff where you can stream
playlists from your PC.
Yeah, I know that one, too. What's the website you always use? PSP updates or something?
PSP updates has a lot of stuff on there. Check it out. Yeah, I'll go check around there more.
Alright. Alright, thanks anyways. Well, we gotta let you go, my friend. We got some more calls to
get through, and then we're gonna end the show.
Yeah, happy 200th episode again, and have a good night.
Alright. Have a good one, buddy. Bye-bye.
Alright, we at least... This number's been trying to hammer us for a little bit now.
Alright. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
I made it!
Hi, whoa, hi. Who's this?
This is DT.
Huh? Oh, DT, what's on your mind?
Oh, I've been trying to call in for...
ever since the segment opened. I know we've been hammered tonight. It's crazy. What's on
your mind, my friend?
Well, I just wanted to wish you guys a happy 200th.
Appreciate it. You've been with us since, like, episode one, right?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Well, what do you think about the Wii News? Are you gonna be picking up a Wii?
I'll probably get one for Christmas.
What games in particular are you looking forward to?
Uh, hmm, well...
Red Steel looks kinda cool.
Not Smash Bros. Brawl? Although, I know that's not Smash Bros. Brawl.
Oh, yeah.
You're pumped up for that, right?
Oh, yeah.
So, actually, speaking of Smash Bros. Brawl, are there any other characters that you wanted
to see in it, either Konami or Nintendo?
Well, I was kinda hoping Lolo and Lala would be in it.
Oh, wow.
Lolo and Lala.
Oh, my God, that is old school.
What would they do, turn...
They would turn your character into eggs and then push boxes at you.
There you go.
Way old school.
That's pretty cool.
Well, DT, I know you've been supporting us since episode one. We really, really appreciate
it. Your enthusiasm for this station has been wonderful, and I know you work for our site
now, and we love having you on board. Thanks so much for calling in.
Anytime.
All right, have a good one, my friend.
I'll get you.
Bye-bye. We'll have to play DDR together someday.
I'll have to throw down with him sometime.
I haven't seen him in a while. He's local. We, like, never see each other. It's crazy.
DT, do I have to tell you? He, like, lives just around the corner practically. We never
see him. It's kind of sad.
All right.
I see him at Dan's store.
Oh.
I randomly run into him at Dan's GameStop.
Oh, snap. Well, thank you guys so much for calling. Oh, we've got one more. We'll make
this real quick.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Uh, ActDeft.
Oh, yes. What's on your mind, ActDeft? Gotta be quick.
I'm calling from Mexico.
Oh.
Can I ask you to mail to me, too, for your 200th sale?
Thank you.
What's on your mind?
We are going to rock you.
I agree. The we is going to be awesome. Well, thank you so much for calling in. We've got
to keep it short, though, because we've got to get to our next segment. But that's awesome
to hear from people outside of the U.S. once in a while. We love hearing from Canada, Mexico,
U.K. We love it.
Is he still there? Hello? There must be a delay. I think he hung up. Oh, well.
Oh.
Oh, well. Well, thank you. We appreciate it.
Thanks for calling.
I know. I think that's the first call from Mexico we've gotten.
I think so.
How sweet.
Cool. Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm going to go to Cabo someday. I've never been to Mexico, but I want to go to Cabo.
I'm going to go to Tijuana.
All right. We're going to do this now. I warned you this would be a little bit random. We're
going to bring back a segment that you guys who listen to the old show know. And those
of you guys who joined us in the podcast, maybe you've never heard this segment before.
But it's been known to get a little bit weird and a little bit random and a little bit questiony.
It's this old segment called Ask Orange Lounge.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. Well, will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio? I'm sure it's going to be interesting because we haven't allowed this segment on
in over a year because the questions have been lame.
So let's see what you guys have pent up over the past year. DMN wants to know, what's the
most fun thing and the most frustrating thing about doing Orange Lounge Radio?
The most fun thing is having my ego grow. And the most frustrating thing is this room
with the door shut. It does get quite hot in here. I don't know.
Just trying to stay on top of the news is kind of tough during the week. Remembering
to update my show rules. I would say the most fun thing about Orange
Lounge Radio. Oh, it's so much fun. No, but it's getting that instant feedback of having
people like whether it be Dark Soccer or Loki like right here in my ear or having the chat
room there. I think having that feedback on your opinions
is really great and kind of neat. I don't know. It's just like the reward I get from
it is instant gratification. You know I'm a typical male.
The most frustrating thing about doing Orange Lounge Radio is losing my Sunday nights. As
much as I enjoy hanging out, but it's tough because it means you only really get a one
day weekend. So that's been frustrating. But I don't know. I guess you're just used to
it after 200 weeks now, right? That's how I feel.
You're just kind of used to it. I have fully timed it. How long do I have to
leave the South Bay now to get here? Guys, since we have about at least 20 people
who submitted questions tonight, we can't get all your questions in, so we apologize.
The things that are a little too random and weird, we may not be able to get to tonight.
I apologize. OL Army Eddie wants to know, where can I get
all these cool songs you play? The internet. The internet is not just for
iTunes. If you ever want to know, try asking in chat. Try emailing one of us. The thing
is that when you guys ask during the show, sometimes we're so busy like operating the
behind the scenes stuff that we can't answer questions right away. But if you can like
hum a few bars, we'll tell you. You can always send us an email. I'm more than fine with
sharing song titles. Send me an email.
Also he wants to know, I guess I'll go ahead and entertain this question. What would cause
Sky to go straight? Be graphic if needed. Oh, Chris. What was that Chris? That might
be a good start. I would say One Hot Night with Gina Gershon or Beyonce. I don't know
why I love Beyonce. She's so hot. She's really hot. No, I don't know. Honestly, boobs and
poon anner just don't do it for me. I'm sorry. I'm sure you appreciate the aesthetic value
of boobs. I asked the women out there, do boobs and
poon anner do it for you? Well, I know this is probably not the best room to ask this
question in, but I'm asking the other women out there. That's how I feel. And guys out
there, if you're a straight man, does penis do it for you? That's how I feel about boobs
and poon anner. Are you gay? If you scream phone call, you're gay.
Act Deaf wants to know, can you speak Spanish? Uno pequeño de Español, si. I had two years
of Spanish or dos años de Español in Colegio, but I'm not very good at it. I only remember
a few words here and there. El telefono es en fuego.
I would like to learn more. I took French and Japanese, so I can also
say that the TV is on fire. Act Deaf also wants to know, what's your opinion
on Mexican zoning? Pump it up. What's wrong with that?
Nothing wrong with that. That's pretty hot.
More games for everyone. That's a good thing. No problems there. Unless the country actually
bought the game. I don't know. Black Wolf says, how can you type with boxing
gloves on your hands? What? A very large keyboard.
Use your toes. Lo cuisintes cléverdan. God damn you people that bring Homestar Runner
into this show. No, I love Homestar Runner. I can't complain,
but you guys are funny. Check on the PMs, check on the PMs.
E-mail. Dark Tetsuya wants to know, so what's it like
going from reporting on hypodermic needles in Solo 2000 to the Nintendo Wii?
Nostalgia. Wow, nostalgia. That was one of our first
big topics. I remember calling that arcade.
I said, oh, you'll have to talk to our manager. I remember that too. We were pretty cutting
out. That was when I was sleeping in the Harry Potter
room in the gay frat house. That was awesome.
Wow. Yeah, we were. I remember doing the recording
a podcast. No, not even a podcast. We were recording a live show while I was playing
BeatMania and they were trying to talk to me like, I'm trying to play 3, 2, 1 stars,
dammit. You know, it's just been crazy. There's been
a lot of, it's funny how games have changed in the past four years because when we started
doing this show, Max 2 was new in the arcades and then we went through Extreme, we went
through a drought, now we're into Supernova. All right, more songs. We want to get out
of here before midnight tonight. GS68 wants to know, do any of you play O2Jam?
I tried it out about six months ago and I had a pretty good time with it. I just haven't
been back. I don't do well with the games. I don't know. I'm not good at checking in
regularly with games like that for some reason. I did play recently a game that somewhat reminded
me of it though, which was the R2B, which was kind of fun. I should check it out again
and see what's changed there. Has anyone else played O2Jam? No? Yes? No?
I looked at it at E3 and then walked on. All right. Let's see. NintendoManiac64 wants
to know, could I race Loki at Mario Kart DS? I never got the chance and I've gone anti-snaking
since nine months ago. That sounds like a 12-step program.
I literally dusted off Mario Kart DS today. I haven't played that game in months.
All right. Bandit wants to know, if train A is traveling at 50 miles per hour from Pittsburgh
and train B is traveling at 35 miles per hour from California, which state will they meet
in order to resupply the Orange Lawns radio with more Chocobo Nuggets?
Wisconsin! Wisconsin! African or European?
Africa! NazgulSlayer wants to know, question, is there
a Castro district ghetto? Yes!
How about the whole place is ghetto? I actually feel safer there than just about
any other places in San Francisco. Yeah, actually if you go around San Francisco
it's the safest place I feel. Except for the homeless man who was laying
with his cock out. Around for your birthday we found something
in the window and it's about like that big around and it's a penis and we're going
to get you for your birthday. I'm going to chase you around the house with
it. We also found you a codless body suit.
That's disgusting. Rama wants to know, you need to talk about
the Spanish DDR movie? Yeah, that's right. I watched the trailer
for that. La machina de ballar.
It actually looks kind of funny. I want to see the actual movie before I talk
about it. You know, trailers can be deceiving, right?
The trailer looked funny. All right.
Poto wants to know, dear Orange Lawns radio, if you had to be a species of bird, extinct
or not, which would you be? Dodo.
The dodo, I'm hearing Drew and Chris saying. What do you think?
I would be a. You'd be a fucking parrot.
I'd be a pterodactyl. You'd be the one who shared it with everyone.
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack. Wait, wait, wait.
What is that bird? It's not a parrot.
It's another bird that lives as long as a human does.
Chicken? No, not chicken.
No, not chicken. Lovely human. I'd be Toucan Sam.
But I don't remember exactly what type of bird it is, but it's a bird that lives as
long as a human and is actually very intelligent. A vulture?
No, not a vulture. Ooh, I'd be a vulture.
No, I'd be a raven because I'm all goth. Nevermore.
What about the Norwegian blue? Lovely plumage. Lovely plumage.
All right. He's pining for the fjords.
He's not pining. He's passed on.
This is an ex-parrot. Let's go to the next question here.
Sakarina wants to know, do you guys have VJ Army accounts, and if so, what's your DJ name?
I do have one, and I haven't ever updated it. I think it's Saku.
I don't have one. I have one. I've never updated it. DJ 223M.
I don't even know what it is. Yeah, I think mine's DJ Saku.
I don't update it. It's too much work for me. I like BeatMania, but I haven't played
it enough regularly lately. What's your favorite, also from Sakarina,
what's your favorite 2DX style? Seventh.
Eighth. Logie? I don't know. I don't play 2DX, really.
Oh, yeah, that's right. You hate 2DX. I don't hate it. I just don't play it.
Legend of Zaku wants to know, do you guys have any video game inspired drink recipes?
Ooh, no. Any what inspired drink recipes?
Video game inspired drink recipes, like mixed drinks that are inspired by video games.
Burning Heat featuring Hot Damn. That's a good idea.
Okay, I'm going to make up one right now. Okay.
It's Everclear. Anything with Everclear. It'll have Everclear and let's see what else
is pretty awesome. It'll just be Everclear and it'll call it
the Super Metroid, because it'll suck your life out.
Goldschlager is nasty shit. Goldschlager and Midori, remember that one?
The drink is called the Abadox and it's made with Goldschlager and Jagermeister, two of
the nasty and cheap tequila. And when you puke, that's the game.
Because that's what Abadox looked like. All right, look.
Just a couple more quick questions. We're not going to get to all the questions tonight.
I apologize, guys. I love Abadox.
Duckator wants to know, do coconuts migrate? Yes.
Coconuts are non-migratory as would be carried by an African Swallow or European Swallow.
You know what's funny is once I went to the grocery store, my old roommate and I were
in college and we just bought a coconut because we just wanted to play with it.
We wanted to see if we could open it using household tools, because we didn't know.
Like you only see on TV. You were just interested in having a hairy
ball. Oh, go to hell.
Just fucking go to hell. All right.
Oh, no, two more questions. SSJ100 Matt wants to know, ask Loki when he will do another
Loki Fusion. I haven't done one in a while.
I keep toying with it and it's just like writer's block, you know.
For those that don't know Loki Fusion, you have your own DDR remix songs, right?
Yeah. And they're on, what, Myspace.com slash Loki
Fusion? Yeah.
All right. All right, last question.
I think this is a great question to end on. This is a serious one, okay?
You may have to think about this one for a minute, but everybody's got to answer.
At least the host, the three of us do. If you could go back to the beginning, prior
to the show starting, this came from Solar Wing by the way, I don't know if I said it.
If you could go back to the beginning, prior to the show starting, would you do it again
or do it differently? This is a tough one.
I would have said we should have had Loki on since episode one as a full blown co-host
because we just didn't know him well enough then, but he wasn't a true co-host until episode
20. A lot of people don't know that, but he wasn't
truly a recognized co-host of the show until, he was kind of like a Drew, he just showed
up all the fucking time. But yeah, he got promoted to co-host on episode
20. I would have said we would have had Loki on board episode one.
I don't know. I know what I would do different.
What? Not use that retarded headset because I had
a migraine the whole episode. Loki?
This doesn't really have anything to do with Orange Lounge though.
I wouldn't have built the cabinet. That was your pride and joy.
I know, you spent so much. And threw it away like a baby, aborted and
thrown in the dumpster. I don't think there's anything else. It's
hard because we've just learned so many things. You know, I still have those DDR pads.
I think I would have tried harder in the beginning to really believe that what we were doing
was not just something we were fucking around online, but that it was really generally something
people wanted to listen to and I think I would have tried to promote us better in the beginning.
Or more general gaming maybe? I think in retrospect, I don't know though.
We owe the Bamani scene a lot. I think honestly though, I would have made
the shift to general gaming about a year sooner. We should have done podcasting because we
would have beat everybody to it by like two years.
We should have invented podcasting. I still think that we've done pretty good
for something that was conceived on the Bart after a trip to the Metronome.
No regrets. I mean sure, there's always things that you might say, well gee, in retrospect
maybe I should have done that, but no regrets. Well, this is what I think about regret. If
you regret anything you have or have not done, you regret the person that you are today.
So in respect to the show, I don't regret anything because our show is what it is based
on the decisions that we've made, the interaction of our listeners.
I do not regret a single second of it because that makes us what we are right now.
SSJ100Matt brings up a good point. We were one of the first shows to introduce Skype
calls. People don't recognize that, but we were probably like, if not, I would almost
challenge, we were the first internet radio show to do Skype calls.
I would challenge that. Find me a show that was doing it before we were because we got
on board with that Skype thing really early, don't you think? Because we were doing it
before we were even podcasting.
We were doing it when Skype was in beta.
Yeah, when Skype was in beta we were doing it because I was like...
Actually, I think my Skype is still the beta version.
So anyway...
Skype was first in beta.
I mean, I'm not trying to sound like egotistical, but I like to think of the fact that, hey,
we've been on the cutting edge of a few things. It's been pretty...
The PSP web browser, granted we haven't done too much with that.
I mean, although I think we do a great show here, I think we owe the fact that we were
one of the first gaming podcasts with an already established fan base thanks to our live show
as the reason why we won the podcast award last year.
I also think that we're not afraid to go there.
That's one thing that we've always tried to hold onto is we don't really censor ourselves.
We get it as it is. If we get an explicit tag one week, fuck it.
Very good point. Very good point. Fuck it.
Yeah.
Right in the ear.
Fuck the fucking fuckers.
All right. On that note, I wanted to go around and see if anyone had any speeches, things
they wanted to say to close out the show tonight.
I just want to say, you know, I'll start.
It's been a really interesting 200 episodes, and I've learned a lot, and I've received
such wonderful compliments from you guys out there on the internet, and it makes me feel
so good because, you know, when I was in college, I did not know what the hell I wanted to do
with my life, and I was starting in, I was doing media arts for a while, meaning I was
going to go into television and radio, but I was just convinced I was not cut out for
radio because I was not going to blow my way to the top, which is what most people do in
the radio industry.
A lot of people that you hear on the afternoon drive probably fuck someone to get there,
and I wasn't down with that.
I wanted to do something, you know, that's when I knew I did not really want to play
with the big boys and work that way, that I wanted to kind of do my own thing.
So I really appreciate Travis kind of noticing that first on Station Live and kind of asking
me to be a part of his show to kind of bring that out of me a little bit, which enabled
me to, you know, get the idea going here with Dark Soccer, who I think felt very enabled
by that program as well, to kind of come do our own thing here on Orange Lawn Radio, and
it's been a fantastic experience, and to have come now to this point where we are working
with a guy who started a television network about gaming is just, that's the path I wanted
to take.
You know what I mean?
I didn't want to blow my way to the top.
I wanted to work through the back door like a typical gay man, and I'm very happy.
And Dark Soccer and Loki, you guys are awesome.
And Loki, I really wish we would have had you on episode one, because we didn't know
you, despite what you say, we didn't really know you.
But it's been awesome, and when we lived together, we had a great time, and I don't think we
ever fought once, which made you really great roommates.
So that was just awesome, and getting to do the show that apartment in Dark Soccer, sometimes
I want to jump out of this chair and strangle you for some of the things that you say on
this program.
I love you.
No, but I love you to death, I love you to bits, and don't ever let anyone out there
tell you that you're not good enough for this show, because you are good enough for this
show, and you know so much about gaming and stuff, and the guys do not give you enough
credit sometimes.
You are a girl gamer, and oh God, I just love you.
I think you're so smart.
You're a record.
Well, that's the point.
So thank you for everything, and don't ever let internet fanboy people who are pissed
off that some girl likes to yell at them once in a while ever get under your skin, because
I know it was hard at first when we first went podcasting, but they suck.
I can't say anything right now, because I'm emo.
Lowkey, do you want to say anything?
I don't know what the hell to say.
I'm not good at this stuff.
No, it's been fun.
I like doing the show, and it's just, Nellie doesn't probably like too much that I spend
three hours of my week every week.
Well, mentally probably way too much time on the show.
I mean, my God, I can do stuff at work.
It's all game related.
It's always game related.
Everything's always game related with me.
Get a life, Lowkey.
Seriously, I think getting married would change everything, but no, it doesn't.
The only thing I'm focusing on now is just taking the show to the next step, not letting
the other big sites out there bother you with the fact that people take them more seriously
and that kind of stuff, because you either have to have a big financial backing or you
just have to earn the respect for it.
All that comes in time and money.
I don't know, it's just going to be interesting.
I have no plans on quitting the show, so however long it goes.
The first thing that I have to actually say about the show is that if it hadn't been for
you guys, I don't think I would have made it through my diagnosis, because this is what
kept me going.
I had to give up school.
I had to give up a lot of work.
I had to give up my busy life.
But having the show as a constant actually kept me going and everybody writing in with
the support.
I have to say that that was a big thing for me, because I've always considered myself
to be a capable individual and to have that capability sort of get yanked out from under
me.
Having all the support of our listeners and talking to other people who've had similar
is like, wow.
That's the biggest thing, is having our listeners, having that type of support network.
There's been the people who have, you know, I'm sorry, if you, it was sort of like what
Margaret Cho said about Martha Stewart, she was put in jail for being a bitch.
I feel like I get hate mail for being an outspoken woman, because there's still this vast majority
of, and no offense to any of our guys listening, there's still this vast majority of men out
there who think that just because they have a cock, they can tell women what to do.
Well, I think G4 fucked a lot of that for everybody, for girls everywhere, because a
lot of girl gamers on that shit, girl gamers, quote unquote, are just a set of tits.
And Dark Sakura is so much more than just a nice set of tits.
Although they are nice.
They are nice tits, don't get me wrong, but there's just much more than that.
But, you know, it's, it's, it actually gave, doing this show just from, even from getting
under sedation, because it was you and Jessica, that, you know, Rob and Jessica.
Speaking of a nice set of tits, she was, she was wonderful too.
I have to say thank you to Jessica, because I'll go back to that in a minute.
Go ahead.
You guys brought me in on under sedation and I had been just sort of, you know, I've always
been outspoken for people, but very nervous in large groups, you know, and I really got
me over a lot of my, my shyness, I think that my residual shyness gave me a lot more ability
or I say confidence to really say, you know, tact is one thing, but censoring yourself
for the sake, you know, censoring the truth, I think, or how you really feel for the sake
of political correctness or somebody else's retarded sensitivities.
Doing the show has completely opened up that side of me that has given me courage to stand
up for myself as a woman, not just to the gaming community, but at work, you know, in
my daily life, you know, I, I feel completely, I mean, doing this, this show has been such
a confidence booster that, you know, and I think everybody who's, who has supported my
loud mouth, outspoken, bitchy Aries womanliness, I want to thank all of you.
And whoever's king, my Lancer needs to die right now.
Amazing.
Wow.
Thank you guys so much.
Yes, Drew and Chris, if you guys want to add anything, you don't have to.
Shit, shit, guys.
It's been a wild ride.
I mean, I've been with the guys since episode two, you know, we jumped, jumped the shark
in episode one, apparently, but I've been here for the whole downhill ride.
And I was listening when I was 16, it's kind of funny that this show sort of defined my
adult social life.
I grew up with this show and it's kind of sad and it's kind of cool at the same time
because for the past few years, this show has been the main constant.
And I, you know, I go from awkward teen to intern to scapegoat to bad joke master and
you know what?
I'm still here.
The show is still going strong and I hope, you know, we continue this course for a long
time to come because this is the best thing on the internet right now, at least my opinion.
Thank you.
Wow.
Thanks.
And thank you for being so supportive of us.
You are a true fan.
I've always been, you know, one of our number one fans throughout the years.
It's amazing.
Shit, I lost my train of thought.
Oh, I wanted to say about Jessica from Understadation Live, something that I don't know if it's
ever been said, Jessica and I couldn't fucking stand each other the last year that we did
Understadation Live.
And it's cool.
We're cool now.
I mean, so, you know, it's okay that I say that.
I couldn't say that a couple of years ago, but I can say it now, Jessica and I cannot
fucking stand each other.
I mean, it was really hard to do that program.
So I know from experience that being such good friends with you guys is such a relief.
It makes doing this show so much easier.
And I truly do look forward to having this show every week as being a way that we can,
you know, hang out with each other because sometimes our lives are so busy we can't do
it without this constant.
I do have to say, though, just to your and Jessica's credit, you both hit it very well
on the air.
It's professional.
When I saw Chicago, the end of that movie, and if anybody wants to know exactly what
it was like, go watch the end of Chicago, because that's exactly what it was between
Jessica and I.
It was like we could have...
We wanted to kill each other, but it was one of those things where it was like, well, show
business.
We're just going to get out there and do it.
Yeah, we...
Yes, to her credit, she was very good at hiding it.
And there was even one episode where we had to fake that...
It was an April Fool's thing.
We had to fake that Travis left, and Jessica and I took over the show, and you would have
never known that Jessica and I...
That was right after Jessica and I were about ready to kill each other, when everything
went down.
That episode was right after that, so it was something else.
I just remember listening to that episode and sitting at my computer about to bawl,
because you know what my position was in between that.
Chris, did you want to say anything?
I don't know how much I can contribute.
I'm kind of a new listener, so...
Newbies?
Yeah, newbies.
I'm a noob.
I actually met you, Rob, the first time when we saw Silent Hill.
That was the first time I met you, and I listened to a podcast right before that, and I've never
really been into video games.
I mean, I like video games, but I'm one of those people that is really interested in
something, but has absolutely no idea what you guys are talking about.
So it's been very educational listening to you guys, and I just didn't know about the
Wii until you guys talked about it.
So all my gaming news I pretty much get from you guys.
That's hardcore.
Yeah, it's really hardcore.
But it's just nice to make friends, because I don't have a lot of friends, actually.
Aww, we love you.
A chatroom loves you, too.
You know they love you.
I love...
Yeah.
And just for the record, Chris also has a very nice set of tits.
I know it's radio, so you guys can't see.
He's lying.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm being realistic.
I am normal, average.
Thank you, Robbo.
Stop.
Stop.
Shut up, Robbo.
All right.
We have one more person that has a speech.
Okay.
BlackWolf in our chatroom says, and you know, guesting on OLR was a highlight of my podcasting
career.
You sappy bitch, you've got a great podcast.
He's done 50 himself, and he's done Dragon Con, I mean, he's done cons bigger than we
have.
Don't get sappy.
I don't know if it's the champagne, but I do feel a little weepy.
Do you have another glass?
All right.
Go ahead.
All right, look.
Here's the thing.
Let's turn this show around and start to end this thing on a positive note, because for
a long...
I thought we ended on a high note.
Look, for a long...
We actually are going to be ending on a bit of a high note, but I ain't singing it.
Here's the deal.
There's been a moment in Orange Lounge Radio's history that people, for whatever reason,
just seem to love and have never shut up about since the night it happened.
The night it happened was November 16th, 2003, and I think it went down in a lot of people's
minds in Orange Lounge Radio's history.
Here's the weird thing.
Jamie wasn't even there that night when this happened.
I was staying in the Harry Potter room in the gay frat house.
And folks have been begging and begging to please post this somewhere so I can download
it.
No!
So here it is, boys and girls, on this special 200th podcast.
A little clip from episode 69 of Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki plays karaoke revolution.
Wait.
I just have to say, the sound quality sucks because we were on dial-up back then, okay?
So just bear with us.
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
All right, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and as promised, we're now going to
show off our karaoke talents in a round of karaoke revolution.
Say it again.
I'm singing.
I'm...
I'm not gay.
I'm singing.
I'm happy with my friend.
I'm singing.
I want the world to know.
I'm happy with pussy.
I'm singing.
I want the world to know.
Got the night in show.
There's a new me singing.
He's laughing.
I'm completely happy.
Stop making me laugh, Kermit, like you never knew it.
I'll make it through.
The time has come for me, breaking out of the shell.
I have to shout that I'm staying in.
I'm staying in.
I want the world to know.
I'm happy with the pussy.
I'm staying in.
I want the world to know.
I shop on the same side of the street.
I got to show the world.
Yeah, I'm on the scene.
All my abilities.
There's so much for me.
Somehow I have to make them.
Just don't understand.
I've got it all in hand.
Oh, how I've got it planned.
I'm spreading the love.
There's more for me to fear.
And I just feel so good.
Every time I hear.
I'm staying in.
I'm happy with the females.
Got to let it show.
I'm actually causing this song.
That's pretty amazing, I think.
Since I can't sing worth a shit.
Oh, yeah.
Play that instant mental soul.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, work in the crowd.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's my pictures in the crowd.
Fuck yeah.
I'm coming in.
I want the world to know.
Got to let it show.
I'm staying in.
I'm happy with hetero.
Just want everyone to know.
I'm staying in.
I want the world to know.
Women are my thing.
I'm staying in.
I'm sick of this song.
You're going to really die.
God, this is long.
It just doesn't fucking end.
Just keeps on going on.
I'm going to kill anyone in the chat room that has a recording of this.
You're going to so die.
I know where you live.
As a reminder, the show will be broadcast this week on Thursday.
A score of 6,964 points for Loki.
Not even a gold record.
There is no justice in this world.
We're going to shut the game off now.
I have not laughed that hard.
I laughed so hard I peed.
I peed a little.
I peed a little bit.
I got to hear this when I came back.
You weren't even there that week.
The girl in there was our original show host, Madam.
She needs to come back and be on the show soon.
Loki?
We'll put him up.
God, our show sounded like shit back then, didn't it?
You know what? We should have never been a dial-up friendly station.
I have both recordings already edited out.
I'm not sure if they were recorded on my computer at the time.
I think they were edited out of the show.
Loki is going to kill me.
I have the deep, dark secret.
I was the one who distributed that.
Whatever. I don't care.
Here's the thing. Episode 300 we have is complicated.
But until then...
No, now listen.
Here's what we'll do.
The MP3 is on the MySpace page.
We've been getting kind of stale.
We'll put both of them up.
We'll see what we can do.
I thought you sounded okay.
You should have heard complicated.
Maybe pick a random song.
Avril Lavigne is complicated?
Now that's sexy.
Alright guys, I really do not like Karaoke Revolution.
We will be back here next week.
As always, Sunday night, September 24th, 2006
with Orange Launch Radio episode number 201.
Same old shit, different week.
DDR Sneak Peaks continue next week.
Hoping to have an interview next week with a very interesting independent product.
I'm looking forward to getting more on that.
But for now, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Drew Nami, thanks so much for being here again this week.
What's your final thought?
Be excellent to each other.
Chris, what's your final thought?
Party on, dudes!
Chris, your final thought?
Party time! Excellent!
I have no final thought.
My brain is dead.
But happy 200, guys.
Thank you.
It's awesome.
Enjoy your fat-causing product of chocolate.
My final thought is peanut butter.
Loki.
Would I say jelly time?
Let's see here.
What the fuck are you doing?
I think the living room was inspired by us.
They're playing Comcast Karaoke right now.
They were playing that before.
No, but you might see another show come back, maybe.
I'm not going to make any promises.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
I have to always say reject false icons.
It is episode 200.
The photo says buck futter.
Buck futter?
I read that and I was singing of that Chiba Mato song, Butterfucker.
I was singing that in my car.
But I'm full of emotional happy right now and cake.
Oh, stop taking my foot!
As always, thank you guys for supporting independent radio for the past 200 weeks.
You guys are awesome.
And we can't wait to start all over next week with Orange Lounge Radio episode number 201.
Until then, this is Rob Roberts for Dark Sakura, Loki, Junami, and Chris saying see you next week.
Thanks for watching!
