Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on this lovely Sunday evening, September the 17th of 2006.
It is our 200th episode tonight, so it's a little bit crazy, but that's alright.
What else can we do here to celebrate of our 200th episode?
We have a little cake during the break.
Thank you, Chris, for bringing the chocolate cake.
I'm filled with chocolatey goodness now. It's great.
But we're going to get back into what we do well here.
It is some gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
Yes, and as we talked about in Part A about the Wii being region-free or not being region-free, we still don't know.
There is rumors that the PlayStation 3 may be region-free, and there might be confirmation on that.
According to a Resistance Fall of Man video interview posted on GameVideos, the PlayStation 3 may indeed be region-free.
And basically the kind of proof for that is that they're talking about multiple versions of the game,
all the videos being put in there in both the high-def formats, including PAL, on one disc.
So people are kind of assuming, okay, so there's going to be one run of the game that's going to be throughout the world.
So maybe kind of some proof that there might be some region-free games.
I think, if anything, it's going to be like the 360, whereas some games are region-free.
If the developers want them, some games aren't.
I think that's probably what you're going to see.
Interesting. I don't know. I would hope that the PS3 would be region-free,
but that would be kind of a new thing for Sony, because PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 1 definitely weren't.
But PlayStation 1 was pretty easy to get around it.
PlayStation 2 took a little while, but now you can get around it.
But I have a Japanese PlayStation 2 just because I had to have those imports,
and I did not want to fuck up my original PlayStation 2.
I have a first-model JPS2. It still works, actually.
But there's no way I'm getting a JPS3. Too much money.
I'll just have to wait. Forget the imports. I'll just have to live without it.
Anyway, another thing people have been curious about PlayStation 3 is what is really their answer to Xbox Live.
One interesting piece of speculation came up this week.
XFire, a possible team-up with the popular PC messaging program XFire.
I'm an XFire user, and I think it's awesome, because I could be playing World of Warcraft
and message somebody who's playing Call of Duty or something else a completely different game.
I think the concept behind XFire is awesome.
Even if MTV does own it, it doesn't matter. I think it's a great system.
I would be very excited to see something like this come to PlayStation 3.
There was a quote this week.
I believe it was 1UP reporting from a transcript of Viacom's report.
Quote, importantly, XFire just signed a deal with Sony to create a version of their platform for the new PlayStation 3,
which will now enable XFire to extend its reach further into the huge console gaming market.
And they're saying that Untold Legends Dark Kingdom, which was a PS3 launch exclusive,
was in XFire's PC initialization file.
Now, after this story sat on the Internet for a couple days before you folks in the chat room start yelling at us
and telling us, you know, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Yes, we do know little news came out a little later that says,
actually, Sony doesn't plan to be fully integrating XFire right here.
This was just for this one game.
But you know what? I still find this partnership to be very interesting nonetheless.
What do you guys think? I mean, Loki, you know a lot about XFire. Do you use it at all?
Nope.
Oh, well then, what do you think about teaming up with the PC based?
Well, might as well, since Sony doesn't seem to know what the, you know, their ass from their foot as far as online, you know, services go.
Well, how do you know they don't have something already and they just haven't said anything yet?
Because their whole answer is like, yes, our services will be exactly what Xbox Live is.
So, you know, since they can't really innovate on that, I guess.
I don't know. They haven't really said anything about it and the fact that there's a lack of information about what they're providing on their online service makes me think, hmm,
they don't know what they're providing on their online service yet.
They don't have a plan whatsoever.
So I'm sure, you know, we're going to hear more about their online service and about their games at Tokyo Game Show in a few weeks.
But until then, I don't think they know shit about their online service right now.
And I think it's just kind of pieced together.
And I think you just said what exactly is going to prove your statement wrong, Tokyo Game Show.
I think our answers are, we're going to get the answers to our questions there.
Well, until then, I still think that they, their online services very pieced together and I don't know.
It doesn't sound very good so far.
Jamie, any thoughts from you?
I know you don't really do a lot of PC gaming, but...
I have AIM.
Well, X-Fire's kind of like it in a way.
I have AIM.
What if PlayStation 3 had AIM on it? Would that be cool?
I probably wouldn't use it on there because I'd be too busy playing a game.
Ooh.
All right. Good thought, I guess.
Anyways, yeah.
So, speaking of the PlayStation 3, we know that they're, of course, coming out with two different versions of the PlayStation 3,
a premium and I guess a core version, you know, if you want to use the Xbox 360 analogy.
The rumored ratio of these is supposed to be 80% of the premium, 20% core because, you know, they really want to push that, you know, $600 model.
So, you're going to be seeing most of these coming out, you know, in the more expensive bundle,
but I think a lot of people are going to be getting the more expensive one anyway.
It's kind of like how with the Xbox 360, sure, they had the core one available, but people only bought it because the premium was sold out.
So, I guess that's their way of making more money off of this or losing less money, I guess.
Well, I was kind of bitter when the only Xbox 360 I could get was a core because they were making, like, it seemed like half and half.
So, I think they know the more people want the premiums because the cores are kind of a joke, just like they were a 360 in my opinion.
And to be honest, there's going to be shortages because they're only going to have, you know, what, 400,000 units to launch with the United States or North America.
Well, I ain't buying one until at least 2007, so there you go.
You know what, at least with the Wii, you know, they're promising 4 million units by the end of the year, most of which are coming to the United States.
Well, I hope they make good on that or else, you know, it better not be the 360 all over again. So, we'll see.
Well, in other news, this actually has to do with the Xbox 360 and some UK news.
There is going to be a free week of Xbox Live for our friends overseas.
It's stating that you'll actually be able to use the services starting on 20th November.
Hey!
That's a different song.
Excuse me. I'll ferret you.
It's not my fault you can't tell your September from your November, okay?
I'm going to throw my hat at you.
If only Nintendo would make that mistake.
Back to the news. On the 20th September, Xbox Live will be free to our friends in Europe.
Free access. And it ends on the 29th.
Actually, it will be at 11.59pm. I think that's UK time.
So, get in all that laggy, scramble Xbox Live action while you can because I played it online and it's laggy.
Well, some of the games are available right now just to give a list.
Project Gotham Racing 3, Top Spin, 2, Table Tennis, Saints Row, World Cup Soccer, Dark Zero.
I'm sorry, Perfect Dark Zero, Street Fighter 2, Hyper Fighting Edition, Texas Hold'em.
Hey, you know what? Log on and play Uno with us.
Maybe we could do it. That would be a good way for us to meet some UK listeners except one of us is going to have to be awake at a god-awful hour for that to happen.
Unless we do it on a weekend.
Give it a weekend.
No, we could be up at like 11am. They could be at 7 o'clock at night or something.
With the vision camera.
Oh yeah, that's right. We're going to have a vision camera soon, so that would be fun.
We could moon our UK listeners. Wouldn't that be exciting?
No.
No, I'm sure they'd love that.
We'll have to learn what the proper root gestures are in British English.
Anyways, speaking of lame ideas, you know, rare.
Rare, of course, was responsible for a lot of the launch titles, or a couple of launch titles, I should say, for the Xbox 360.
Actually, no, I take that back. There's only one title.
Anyways, they had a launch title for the 360, Perfect Dark Zero.
And now, of course, I'm going to be announcing some more titles at X06, which is later this month.
Including, well, some thoughts at least.
Banjo 3 or Killer Instinct are some of the thoughts that may be the announcement.
I think it's probably a new IP.
Or maybe a Perfect Dark where you can jump.
That'd be nice.
But anyways, more news to come, of course, once X06 takes place in Barcelona.
So, look forward to that.
Now they're all cursing each other in UNO speak in our chat room.
We're cursing each other in British English.
Draw four, bitch.
No, a little bit different.
Black Wolf is saying, skip four, you tit.
And he also said, draw four, you bloody bloke.
That was my worst British accent ever, by the way.
Sorry, I won't do that again.
Sorry, UK folks. I apologize.
I apologize to the entire United Kingdom.
Oh, that's right.
I knew it was a couple, and I have to go and correct myself again.
Moving on to another story.
Final Fantasy XII, something about the current gen systems.
I know we've had a lot of next gen news, but something about the current gen systems.
They're actually going to be having a whole day to celebrate Final Fantasy XII in New York City.
And what's going on is that on October 12th through October 15th at the Digital Life Expo,
Final Fantasy XII will be appearing at the event.
Very cool, and I know we have a lot of fans there at New York City that want to check that out.
However, here's the other part you should check out.
October 11th is Final Fantasy XII day, and that has been declared by New York City.
There will be a special commemoration in Times Square.
Cosplayers will be abounding, I'm sure.
I don't see why people are making such a big deal out of something that's such a crap game.
You haven't even played it yet, have you?
Yes, I have.
It's incredible.
The demo?
It's going to be incredible.
I know. I want to play my game by myself.
Well, we'll just see when the full version comes out.
We will just see.
I'm still going to get it.
Yes, you see, fangirl.
I'm using Megzi's excuse.
Metal box.
Special edition.
Oh, special stuff.
Alright.
Anyway.
Well, one thing that I think a lot of us will be happy about, especially a certain somebody sitting by my foot,
is Kingdom Hearts 2 is getting an international version in Japan.
We're getting Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix,
which a couple of us who pay attention to our live journals have seen pictures of because somebody posted
a scan from a magazine of a certain somebody who was in a mask in the bonus clip for Kingdom Hearts 2.
Oh, so this game will actually have an ending that makes sense?
It made sense.
I'm just messing.
But from what that picture indicated, it's going to give us more of that little clip because
I don't care if I'm spoiling now, but if you get the perfect ending for Kingdom Hearts 2,
you get a little clip of three armored figures picking up key blades.
YouTube is amazing.
And there are, there's like a bajillion other key blades, like a graveyard around them.
And apparently they're going to have more of that in the ending.
You know how there was the deep dive in the last Kingdom Hearts.
But they're also saying that they're going to be incorporating the card battle,
the card battle system from Chain of Memories.
It didn't give a lot of detail.
Again, I saw the ad for this.
I've seen the article.
They showed it like, they actually showed, I think, the Sephiroth battle on this picture.
And I'll have to find out who it was on my friends list that posted the article.
But it had the little card icons in the side and you draw your cards and play them out like Chain of Memories.
But it looked really neat.
Another point is that they are getting all the English voices.
So, hey, importers, be happy.
You, too, can own this game and play it in an understandable language.
Unless you are fluent in Japanese and then you won't have a problem anyway.
Yay, Japanese.
Anyways, speaking of stuff coming out in Japan, well, this is more, of course, for the U.S.
We have some release dates for you, including the stuff that's coming out this week.
And lots of good stuff, of course.
My favorites being on the PlayStation 2.
Okami is going to be finally making its way out here, you know, very anticipated.
It's about fucking time.
Exactly.
We're also going to be getting...
I will talk with my mouth full whenever I want.
I am one of the hosts of this podcast, goddammit.
Okie dokie.
Sorry, I was yelling at Chris for trying to be my mommy.
Ok.
No, we're going to be getting some other stuff, including, well, some stuff for the Game Boy
Advance.
Bratz Forever Diamonds, which is also actually...
Actually, I take that back.
It's not coming out in the Game Boy Advance that week.
That would be in October.
This is incorrect.
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Red Rescue Team and also Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Blue Rescue Team,
which is coming out in the DS will be making their way this week.
Open Seasons, pretty much on every single console, including the 360.
Why you would buy that one, I don't know.
Dragon Quest Heroes Rocket Slime is going to be making its way to the DS, which is pretty
awesome.
If you're a fan of Sierra games, there's going to be some PC compilations coming out for
you, including the King's Quest compilation, Leisure Suit Larry compilation, Police Quest,
Space Quest, and yeah, those would be the compilations for you.
Hot!
Samurai Warriors 2 on the 360 and PlayStation 2 are going to be coming out.
If you have some stuff for the 360, you're looking to pick up some games, well, The Godfather
is going to be coming out for you, as well as, well, not really a game, but the Xbox
Live Vision camera, as we mentioned earlier.
Let's see here.
World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions, which is also on PSP and PlayStation 2.
I might pick this up because it looks funny.
Cabela's Alaskan Adventure, all that ice fishing and hunting polar bears on HD there.
And then, no Africa on the ice, okay.
And then finally, on the Game Boy Advance Capcom Classics mini-mix will be making its
way out there.
And if you really buy everything for the Game Boy Advance, Fashion Dogs, where you can dress
up dogs on the Game Boy Advance.
There are people who do that for real, though, that's sad.
And if you're one of those people, never mind.
Please stop listening to OLR.
Oh, King of Fighters 2006, I'm sorry, was also making its way in Godfather Mob Wars.
Much better.
Well, as for our friends overseas in Europe, by the way, Suikoden 5 came out yesterday,
so get it.
But on the 21st, Jaws Unleashed, yay.
And then on the 22nd, FIFA 07 is coming out for everything.
And I'm not kidding.
FIFA is coming out for damn near everything, including, you know, Nintendo Virtual Boy.
I'm kidding.
I have a Virtual Boy.
How can you still play your Virtual Boy?
Isn't that just the biggest migraine maker ever?
And I like it.
I still play Teleroboxer, damn it.
Freak.
Anyway, also coming out is Guilty Gear Dust Strikers for the DS.
Jaws Unleashed on the Xbox, which I don't know why it's not coming out on the 21st with
the other versions.
Just Cause on Xbox 360, NHL Eastside Hockey Manager 2007 on PC, PyroWorld on PC, and Saint
Seiya the Hades on PlayStation 2.
I'm glad you get it as Saint Seiya, not as, like, Warriors of the Zodiac, which is stupid.
All right.
Well, let's take a look at some release dates coming to Japan.
September 19th, you're getting Chaos Wars.
And then September 21st, you're getting an RPG made by Koei for the PlayStation 2 called
Harukanaro Jiku no Kare Mai Ichiya.
And then you're also getting NHL 06 and Rugby 06 coming out from Electronic Arts over there
in Japan.
And something I thought was very interesting also coming out on the 21st, the Game Center
of USA Midway Arcade Treasures.
Yes, this is a version.
It's a port of Midway Arcade Treasures Volume 1, it looks like, coming out on the PlayStation
2 translated into Japanese.
So I guess it's a way for them to play some of the games that were really big here in
America years ago.
So that's kind of neat to see a four-year-old game getting translated for a Japanese audience.
I think a lot of them were already out in Japan, though.
Probably.
Well, yeah.
Especially in arcade format.
But some of the games, I kind of see, because not all the games that were popular here were
popular there and so on.
Like I imagine Mortal Kombat was probably bigger here than it was there.
I don't know.
I mean, I wasn't in Japan in the mid-90s, so I don't know.
But that's what you have to look forward to this week.
Hmm.
Excellent.
Anyways, speaking of stuff that we could be looking forward to, SNK is actually trying
to make a comeback in the arcades with brand new hardware.
And they're going to be showing...
Wait a minute, though.
Wait a minute, though.
Remember when they tried the 64?
When have you ever seen an SNK machine at an arcade?
I always see these SNK machines at frickin' pizza parlors, and I saw one at the supermarket
and one at Jim Boy's Tacos, okay?
We had a six-slot MVS at my arcade.
Those SNK machines show up in the craziest fuckin' places.
And we had one of the big-screen TV ones for Samurai Shadow 3.
I saw one in a 7-Eleven.
However, Samurai Shadow 4 has a signal that resets those TVs.
It turns them off.
I'm sorry.
Did you have a story?
At the 44th amusement machine show in Japan, they were showing off...
Actually they were supporting Taito's new Type-X2 arcade board, so it's actually not
even SNK's board.
Way to go.
So they're going to be putting out some brand new games, including King of Fire's Maximum
Impact Regulation A and Samurai Spirit Sen.
Regulation A is actually based on the 3D home console fighting series by the same name,
and at least includes one new character, Ash Crimson.
Wow, Ash Crimson is such a generic sounding name.
Anyways, he's from King of Fire's O3 and King of Fire's Eleven.
Samurai Spirit Sen also play as a 3D game.
This will be the second time the sword fighting series has made its way in the arcade in 3D
since it landed on the Hyper-Neo Geo 64.
And I have a little one that remembers King of Fighter's 64.
The only good thing about that game was bringing in, what's your name, that had the two swords?
Psycho Girl.
I guess he has a big fat math for me, I've never been huge on SNK.
They announced that they're going to be releasing King of Fighter's 12 on the new hardware 2.
Goddamn, make a new game, SNK!
Make a new fucking game!
Give us Godot, Mark of the Wolves 2, give us Last Blade 3.
Give us a new game!
Give us a new series game!
Give us Last Blade 3, please!
Oh god, I'm done.
Oh my god, I love Last Blade 3.
Rob, aren't you looking forward to the Metal Slug anthology that's going to be on the
Wii?
I can't wait to play Metal Slug 413, which is like the same graphics for Metal Slug 1.
I could play Metal Slug all day, because it's all about fighting.
Okay, and King of Fighter's 2011, you know, granted Metal Slug is pretty awesome, but
you know what, it's pretty awesome like 10 years ago, okay, now, whereas, they really
need to make some different games, you know.
Don't get me wrong, I mean, SNK is cool and all, you know, Bust a Move or Puzzle Bobble,
whatever the hell you want to call it, but seriously, SNK, new fighting games, new Metal
Slug something.
Wait, wait, wait, that wasn't SNK.
What?
Oh, I keep, that was on all the freaking machines, wasn't it?
On all their machines.
We're playing more SNK now.
Sure.
But, why are they porting a shitty game like Maximum Impact?
We didn't like it here in America, they didn't like it there in Japan.
The voiceovers suck.
Port a decent game to arcades.
Well, as far as hopefully, and I would hope with 573 titles, something good will have
to be among them.
I'm sorry, was that 573 titles?
573?
Hmm, funny.
Tokyo Game Show.
It will be on display, it's actually listed up there on their website.
And Jamie's going to read all 573 games on display right now.
The hell I am.
Last year's total was 516, so they were going to type it, I guess next year's going to be
600 something?
I have a prediction.
How can you, that many freaking games?
E3 probably has more.
Konami will own Tokyo Game Show.
And I'm wondering, when are we going to get WTF?
Didn't they change the name of that?
They did.
They changed it and they changed it back.
Good for them.
WTF is coming out in October.
Good.
Book time fun.
Good for them.
But, there are actually, you know, a lot of games for PC, mobile phone games.
They're actually saying for PC and mobile phone, they had 252 titles.
For portables, DS will be bringing 52, PSP will have 33, 18 PS3 games are going to show
and they'll probably all still suck and play on Rock Mountain servers.
And 20 games coming out for Xbox 360, but they're only showing 5 for the Wii.
Wii is holding out.
The ones that they are actually going to be putting on is The Bleach Game, Shiraha Kirameku
Marvelous Interactives, Bokujo Monogatari Wii, which is still a working title, and Elibits.
They don't say if it's going to be playable or not.
And actually, they do list a lot of the games.
Well, they can go look on the web if they want to see that whole list.
Yeah, though there is a Gundam game coming out on Xbox 360, which sounds kind of cool.
It just says Gundam Operation Troy.
I'm not sure if this is one of the games they're going to show at Tokyo Game Show.
Bully, I don't know if that's going to be a big game in Japan, who knows.
But Bully got an official rating this week from the ESRB and this kind of surprised me.
Despite all the controversy that's going around, it's being rated T for Teen.
Not M for Mature, but T for Teen.
And the reason why it's been rated this way is crude humor, violence, sexual themes, language,
and use of alcohol and tobacco earned this game a T rating.
Now what's kind of interesting about this is that it seems like the expectations for
the game here might be kind of low, because it is a current gen game, and PS2 is kind
of winding down a little bit.
So it seems like, despite all this controversy and everything, people are kind of setting
themselves up for disappointment.
I don't know.
What do you think?
Look, you've been following Bully a little more than I have.
Do you think this game is going to sell awesome, or do you think most people have moved on
to Saints Row on the 360?
I would have liked to see it mature rated, but of course I understand why they're doing
it so they can sell more.
It's been delayed forever, and to be honest, some of the other Rockstar games not Grand
Theft Auto have been pretty good.
I mean, Warriors was pretty fun for a while, and then I got bored with it.
But Bully looks pretty fun, and they've got a really good system for all the classes and
stuff that you have to take.
A lot of minigames and stuff involved in that, so I think it'll be pretty good if you give
it a chance.
I don't know.
I just have to wait until it comes out, I guess.
Act Death in our chat room says, Jack Thompson will sue.
Jack Thompson's stupid.
It doesn't have anything to do with, you know, great.
So he's going to complain about this game.
Play the damn game.
You'll see that there's nothing.
I don't even think it has much to do with bullying people, to be honest, if you actually
play the game.
O.L. Army Eddie says, sexual themes?
Usually that's an automatic M.
Well, interesting.
Not necessarily.
It could just be a chick dancing in her bra or something.
That might not be M, but it might be a little bit, you know.
Not to bring this up again, but they have sexual themes in The Sims 2.
And that's rated T. Yeah, it has woohoo.
Especially if you get the special furniture with the sex animations.
Yeah, woohoo in, I think, on the couch.
Woohoo in the bed, woohoo in the hot tub, and then something else.
Woohoo indeed.
They should have been, Nintendo should have come out.
The old Sims, the first Sims game actually had someone programmed a countertop that you
could woohoo on with full animations.
Wow.
Okay.
Woohoo indeed.
But hey, online content may change.
Anyways.
So, speaking about, you know, some stuff that people think that games like Bully Cause.
Well, there was a shooter in Montreal that went and killed a bunch of people at his school,
and guess what they found as one of his favorite games.
Apparently this guy plays a lot of games, including one that happens to be Super Column
by Massacre RPG.
You know, not the sequel to Super Mario RPG, just to clear that up for you.
But uh.
Thanks, I wasn't sure.
But anyways, yeah, so apparently they're saying, oh, see, he played that game, therefore he
must have learned, you know, the kill from that game.
But apparently he also played other games, you know, that weren't violent.
Who cares?
I mean.
No, I'm thinking he was a couple bricks shy of a load, if you know what I mean, and shouldn't
have been playing any video games at all.
He should have been in school reading.
Did you see the videos of him on CNN?
No, I don't watch the news.
I watch, I do, they have CNN on them, I work, and I do regularly read CNN.com and BBC World
News.
But yes, I keep up with current events, and the guy was psycho anyway, he was talking
about how he just wanted to kill everybody, showing off his gun collection, his knife
collection.
This guy, I don't think a real gamer would have been that crazy, he was nuts.
But it's all the game's fault, it's all about the game, what did the games do to him?
I blame his psychosis and his parents for not being more observant.
I don't think it was his favorite game, but you know what, when you see that, of course,
if you're going to be trying to spin this in the news, that's going to get the most
attention.
So let's of course blame it on the games.
Naturally, lots of feedback.
Chat room over at orangeontrader.com, click on chat, olarmieddy says, Super Columbine
RPG does not glorify school shootings at all.
Let's see, I always butcher this name, Jamie, help me, Nazgul Slayer?
Nazgul?
Nazgul.
Damn it, that one fucks me up.
Nazgul Slayer says, he used RPG Maker 2000 to make Super Columbine Massacre, I read an
article about it.
So it's not really Super Columbine Massacre that's a problem, it's RPG Maker, the devil's
game.
No, no, no.
I'm attacking the darkness.
I'm using magic missile.
Sakurina would like to point out, also his gun was legal but his clips weren't.
Hmm, interesting.
You know what, this is, it just further illustrates that society is more ready to look for a scapegoat
than actually treat the true root of the problem.
Do these kind of stories make you angry, DarkSakura?
They make me furious, livid, ludicrously livid.
Do they make you want to rant a little bit?
They make me want to go to a school and shoot people.
Well it wouldn't be episode 200 of a podcast without the FUs of the Week.
My FU of the Week, I can't believe I completely blamed, I had what my FU was going to be and
it wasn't related to traffic at all.
My FU of the Week goes toward the Japantown Anime Festival.
Oh my god, crappiest convention ever.
Well, in their defense they were pretty small.
I mean, but still.
Hey, that's not nice talking about the Japanese being small.
Okay, this is my Pokemon.
You connect all your Pokemon.
I understand, my problem with it being, no this is in San Francisco by the way, my problem
with it was that it suffered the same problem that AX started to suffer, as in being spread
across different areas, you had to go from one mall to the other, into the hotel, into
the courtyard downstairs under Kinokuniya at Kintetsu Mall, but they had a pretty good
band that we were there for listening to the warm up, they actually sounded pretty cool
but the dealer's room, it was a dealer's closet, the closet, and they had some interesting
stuff, some nice stuff, but you know, overall it was pretty much what you could find online
pretty easily.
But the cost, the way I was most disappointed with was the cosplay.
I expected to go and see people taking advantage of the opportunity to cosplay, there was a
pretty big Naruto group, there was a pretty big bleach group, but it's been done.
Yeah, I could go see that at any other convention, we did meet lots of nice people, we met some
people on DA, on DeviantArt who were really cool, but overall I think I had a higher expectation
for it just because of how it was being played up, they were having all this different stuff
go on, and it really was just, just, blah.
The only advantage of it is that our badges gave us discounts at the stores, so I could
buy porn.
Um, Loki, you have views of the week, mine don't have to do with porn.
F you to Wicker Man, that movie, why did they have to kill Nicolas Cage's character off,
I mean, it was getting good, like the whole movie is kind of like eh, okay this whole
island with...
Wow, thanks for saving me ten bucks!
And isn't that how the original ended?
Yes, but I'll get to that.
So here's the thing, why did they have to kill his character off, it started getting
good, I mean he punched a woman in the face, and I was like, god damn this movie's gonna
be awesome, then, fucking um, oh god I can't remember her name, the chick from Save the
Last Dance or whatever, I think she was in that, and she like lunges at me, like does
a sidekick and kicks her into the wall, I'm like, oh my god this movie just got a hundred
times better, and then they had to go set him on fire, so you know, that fucking sucks.
I don't care if that's how the original sucked, the end, actually the whole movie should have
had just like Chuck Norris killing people, and that would have been a lot better.
The Wicker Man is supposed to be burnt, for any of our fellow pagans listening to the
show.
The Burning Man?
Yeah, the whole movie reminded me of Burning Man, like in Seattle or something, you know,
it's like, alright, um, my FU of the week goes to my iPod, which upon boot up today
gave me a frowny face of death.
I blame iTunes 7, because ever since I installed iTunes 7, that thing started acting weird,
like iTunes did not want to talk to my old ass, you know, fourth gen iPod or whatever
it is, the black and white before they were color, iPod, so, FU iTunes 7 for ruining my
iPod, and now I can't listen to podcasts in my car, so, no Bobby, no All Games, no other
podcasts I listen to, or OLR in my car for a while, until I can afford the video iPod.
So FU frowny face of death, I blame Apple, Loki, just bite your tongue, Chris, I blame
the lack of rockbox, how about your, okay, Drew Nami, your FUs of the week.
Alright, first off, FU to missing class, for an entire week, including the week where both
the practice test and the test were going on, due to people having appointments and
me either forgetting or them not telling me, I can't remember which, aside from that, just
FU to having a very blah week, with nothing else going on, so, no FUs at all for, you
know, past that, Chris?
I just wanted to really quickly say, sorry to the chatroom, restore didn't work and reset
didn't work, thanks for the thought, but, tried it, sorry.
Okay, for lack of anything better, my FU of the week is to my bed at home, it for some
reason thinks that I need to be molested in the middle of the night, what kind of bed
is this, I want to buy one, IKEA actually, alright, okay, there is only one bed, god
I love Sweden, okay, I'd never let any of my friends, ABBA and molesting beds, it doesn't
get much better than that, do you want to hear my story or not, okay, okay, we, okay,
there's only one other bed that's available at my house when my friends come over and
that's the one my dad and his girlfriend use, so they have to sleep in my bed and twice
I woke it up to my friends trying to molest me, Jamie slept in there last night and she
was all trying to pet my chest, okay, I was having a dream, this show just got a lot hotter,
I was having a dream about a couple of characters and they were like just sleeping in the bed
and there was a cat there and this is what Shermie does, she'll crawl in the bed between
me and Dan and I'll reach over and pet her, so in the dream, I guess the character there
in my dream was reaching over to pet the cat and I opened my eyes to see my hand hovering
over Kristen's chest and I was like oh you're not a cat, that was Marissa's reaction except
she said oh you don't have a penis, she thought my friend Marissa came down a few weekends
ago and she thought I was her boyfriend Christopher and was all rubbing my back and she's like
oh wait you don't have a penis and turned over and fell asleep, so people want to molest
me in my bed.
And to respond to Jeremy Todd, I have had a hot lesbian dream about Angelina Jolie,
thank you.
I think I've had a hot lesbian dream about Angelina Jolie, actually, who hasn't had a
hot lesbian dream about her?
I'm not kidding either and I also had one about Billy Paper.
Alright anyway, we had a story earlier in the program about Final Fantasy XII and Final
Fantasy XII Day, well maybe there will be two Final Fantasy XII Days because guess what?
There is a Final Fantasy XII related title coming to the DS, not a lot of information
on it at this time, it is called Final Fantasy Revenant Wings and it's going to be a sequel
to Final Fantasy XII and will be available on Nintendo DS, hmm interesting.
We do know it's got a pirate themed storyline and could possibly be a prequel, not a sequel
to Final Fantasy XII.
That's interesting that it's on the PSP, oh maybe because PSP sucks in Japan.
Don't know, don't know.
Alright well Dark Sakura, for 200 weeks now she's surfed the internet up and down, actually
just kidding because we didn't have this segment until about 170, but she surfs the internet
up and down each and every week to find a website that you want to be visiting and she
shares it with you folks in a segment we call the website of the week.
Dark Sakura, where should the kids be pointing their browsers to this week?
The website of the week, this one is a very special one, especially for episode 200.
The website of the week is orangeloungeradio.com, you must go to our site everyday, hang out
on our forums, we are awesome, if you find news stories, link them up there, if we don't
think it's utter crap then we'll put it up on the board and you get to talk to us, because
it's special.
And you know I figured it's about damn time that I plug our own damn site, so orangeloungeradio.com
is the site of the week, shameless self-promotion, damn right.
And you can go to E3 on PSP, it's about as updated as the OLR on PSP.
If you want to see something that hasn't been updated in like 5 years, there's darksakura.com.
Seriously I haven't updated it in 5 years.
Good job!
And we have our blogs at stuff.orangeloungeradio.com.
Those blogs haven't been updated in like a year.
Well alright, we better.
Get on that.
And there's my Jack Thompson is a Bully rant on there too.
There's some good reads on there if you haven't seen it yet.
Anyways, what's kind of interesting and very disappointing to me is that it was announced
this week that the PS3 controller will not be named Poos, it will be named Sixaxis or
Siaxis or whatever, it basically comes from the fact that the controller has six different
axes of motion sensing, and yeah, since it doesn't rumble I guess they can't really call
it DualShock now can they?
So Sixaxis is the name of the controller, hooray.
It's also Palindrome.
How do we find this out for sure?
How do we know for sure that this is the name of it?
Well actually this was from a patent, or I should say a trademark that was registered,
and it's been pulled up and it's owned by Sony, so hurrah.
What if they're just trying a couple things out?
It's true, I don't know if it's for sure, but you know what, it's also been mentioned
Sixaxis in a few different PR things, not as, you know, it might be like the system,
named for the system of the motion sensing, like for example, it says, this one quote
here, the controller for the PS3 employs breakthrough technology of high precision, highly sensitive
Sixaxis sensing system that does not require any devices other than the controller itself
for seamless interactive operation.
So that might be just, you know, the technology they're calling it Sixaxis, I don't know.
Interesting.
All right, well every week you guys write us letters and we read them right here on
Orange Lounge Radio's podcast.
If you want to send us an email, it's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and when you send
your email, Dark Sakura suits up in her biohazard suit and puts on her rubber gloves, and digs
on into the mailbag and pulls out some of her favorite emails that she's going to share
with us right now, and these are special emails because this is the 200th episode worth of
emails.
So if you're in tonight's mailbag, you're very special, boys and girls.
Some skanky, skanky hoe bag named DisneyPunk10 sent us an email.
This says, all you guys suck, Rob is not sexy, Loki is stupid, Jamie is a mean bitch.
Your show is full of lesbians and 30-year-old children who live in their parents' cellar.
Die!
Is that good enough hate mail?
No, you know I love you guys, happy 200.
Chris, isn't your online name DisneyPunk10?
DisneyButt?
DisneyButt?
That's why I'm going to start calling you after that email.
Why, yes!
As a matter of fact, DisneyPunk10 is my handle.
That's an awful coincidence.
Well thanks for the hate mail.
We love getting hate mail at orangeloungeradio.com.
Bitch.
We'll get Maisie to check it out of her later.
Nah, she brings me cake, I love her.
And donuts.
And crowns.
And crowns.
Yep.
I'm going to go parade in the living room right now while Jamie reads the next email
and listen for the laughter.
You look like such a lovely princess, Rob.
And anyway, our next email comes from Robert M. Now that Apple has announced that you can
purchase games for the iPod, what do you see becoming of this form of mobile gaming?
I may pick up Bejeweled just to see, but later it'll be interesting to see how the unit's
limited control are basically like an Atari 2600 paddle controller.
I really wonder even seeing the preview of how Pac-Man is controlled is used.
I can imagine a great version of Jairus for instance.
Also how does this open up the possibility of homebrewed games?
It's easy to make your own music and movies and play them on the iPod without ever starting
an account to buy them, but what about those with skill and patience to program full games?
I thought they already had homebrew games.
Like they had Doom on there for what reason, I don't know.
They said hail to the queen when I walked out there.
Bitches.
I think since they've already got it, we'll see more homebrew games.
I missed the reading of the email.
Was this about the iPod games?
Yeah.
Okay, because I dug in there earlier in the week.
I thought I saw some gay in there.
I don't know.
The problem with gaming on the iPod is that frickin' wheel.
That's not the best controller in the world.
You know what would be great though is that little thing that you plug your USB thing
into in the bottom?
Wouldn't that be an awesome place to just jam a controller into and then there you go.
That's what Apple should do.
Apple will make more money.
I think that would be a smart idea.
If Apple wanted to get into gaming on the iPod, that would be a great addition, but
what do I know?
I'm just some schmo on the internet.
Our next email says, Dear OLR crew, I would like to say thank you for the past 1.5 years
of entertainment.
I went into the gigantic list of gaming podcasts and my first random pick happened to be this
wonderful podcast.
I've been listening ever since and it's been fun.
The host and guest hosts are great.
Also this podcast introduced to some of the coolest bands, Gorillaz, Freeze Pop, Games
Guitar Hero, Katamari, Websites, Gorillaz and Official DeviantArt, and Survival Tips.
I now know how to stop a camel.
Thanks for being a part of all your listener's life.
Reject false icons.
Ion671.
PS.
Come to the East Coast sometime.
That was sweet and I'm coming to New York City end of October and I'm going to be going
to the Nintendo World Store to meet fans.
So I don't know what day that is.
I would like to go, but I'm going to YowieCon.
Hot.
That was a sweet email.
Thank you.
Heart.
For anyone who wants to know where I got my survival tips from, it's the Worst Case Scenario
Survival Handbook.
Whoa.
Sorry.
Sorry.
We had a snafu there.
A Neverending Story started playing in the background there.
Sorry guys.
The Neverending Soda.
My bad.
Next up is Warrior Bob.
That's such a cool name.
Hello again.
It was neat to hear my last letter read on air.
Thanks for that.
You are correct that you guys were invited to Cal Poly SLO sometime last year, although
it wasn't me, but rather our DDR Club President, a guy named Joe Etter, who actually invited
you to come down to a Bamani-related event that the club ran.
That's what it is.
Of course, if you ever do make it to my school, I bet we could arrange to have all our part
of the show broadcast over our local station.
You probably have to tone down the lesbian pillow fights, but it may be a good way to
get some exposure to the non-podcast audience.
Reading that again to myself, I suppose lesbian pillow fights may have a similar effect.
You know, I didn't mean to bring that in.
That was an accident.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
Regardless, were it feasible, I'd definitely attend a traveling OLR show.
I had to miss the Fonami panel last spring, so I'd love to have that sort of thing happen
again.
We will, by the way, be at Fonami next year.
Fonami next year, and it looks like Sakura Con is also for Seattle people.
We're going to be there, and possibly, at least myself, we'll be at one East Coast Con,
so we're going to be doing Anime Cons up the butt next year.
I want to try and get to Otacon next year, but I can't get to Otacon for that yet, but
more on this.
Huh?
I'm going to Asa next year, and Megzi, so we can try something.
Flyer girls!
We can walk around with a shirt or something stupid like that.
Afterwards we'll drink Guinness and play old games.
It'll be a party.
I love Guinness.
That is hot.
That is my idea of a party.
Looking forward to your show hitting the podcast stream, so I'll hear you then.
Have a great night.
Unrelatedly, fuck Pyrite.
Amen!
Pyrite is a cult.
That is a card-carrying OLR member.
For a second there, I thought you said Pyrite, and I'm like, damn that fool's goal, damn
it!
Pyrite is also a false icon.
Pyrite is cool because it crystalizes in cube form.
I took chemistry, hello!
For science!
Science and technology!
Anyway.
Science!
We should ban Dihydrogen Monoxide.
Yeah, you know that Dihydrogen Monoxide is just... water.
I know.
Wasn't that on an episode of...
Penn & Teller's bullshit.
One of my friends was just telling me about that episode.
Anyway, next email.
Okay.
Hey, OLR, just wanted to congratulate you on your 200th episode since I won't be listening
live tonight.
Have a good one.
And that's from Mike.
Thank you.
Next one up.
Ooh, long one.
Not long one, but this is actually from Kenji, who I posted his email as my email of the
month.
Oh, this is our essay writer.
I'm going to start doing an email of the month, by the way, so make sure you start sending
in very thoughtful and well-written things that don't have hate in them.
Happy 200th episode, OLR.
Congratulations on making it this far, and here's hoping for your continued successes
and good fortune.
Cheers.
This won't be long.
I figure that everything I mention in this letter will already be mentioned before you
even touch this week's mailbag.
They blew it, blew it, blew it, blew it.
Nintendo couldn't have been set up any better.
$600 PS3 on November 17th.
Ken Kutaragi stick up his ass.
Microsoft with a dollar sign problem with selling 360s in every other market in the
U.S.
The cards were all laid out in Nintendo's favor.
All Reggie had to say was $199, October something or the other, and get off the stage.
But they didn't.
That isn't to say it's not a bad thing selling two days of GASP after the already impossible
to reserve PS3 for $250 with a pack-in compilation game.
It's just that they could have really went over the hearts and minds of gamers and non-gamers
alike with a cheaper price point, or included a second controller set.
But is Nintendo selling systems at a profit?
What else is new?
Also, does anyone else see the pick-to-chat-like qualities in the Wii channels?
Hell, it might just be the system alone.
Just as pick-to-chat sold DS systems in Japan without selling any accompanying software,
photo channel and the Mii channel especially seem to be the quirky things that'll keep
non-gamers entertained for hours.
Then they have the Wii forums, where you can post stuff with your character chair as your
little avatar.
Yeah, but that's specific to your Wii, right?
That's not internet Wii.
I'm not sure.
I think it was your own Wii.
It was like for family members to leave messages to each other.
Hi, Mom!
You suck!
Stop playing!
Dad's a whore.
For a good time, call Mom at...
Last night!
Ooh!
And it said, uh, man, just my opinions from a slightly educated gamer, but if you haven't
answered this already, will the higher next, near next-gen price point keep you guys from
getting a Wii?
Thanks and congrats again, Kenji.
Well, didn't he say, I mean, I think this guy's great and all because he has a lot to
say, but didn't he just say, you know, Nintendo fucked up and then he said, but it sounds
kind of neat.
I think what the intention was is that Nintendo could have gotten a whole lot more in terms
of new people buying the system had it just been dropped a little bit more, had a few
more pack-ins.
It's not doom and gloom.
It's still the cheapest.
It's still the cheapest one on the shelf.
It's not only the cheapest one on the shelf, but it's the cheapest one on the shelf with
the game.
And you can buy that in a 360 and still not pay as much as you would for...
Wii 60!
I'm pre-ordering one in both GameStop and my work, so I may have two.
Because my GameStop, or my one where I work, will probably be getting it in on Wednesday
before the launch.
I'm not allowed to talk about how I'm getting a Wii, but I am getting a Wii, and I will
have it on release day.
Well, we'll have ours on release day.
We all will because we're special.
Anyway, the last email tonight comes from Alessa.
Cool.
Dude, like Silent Hill?
I don't know.
I don't know if I'm excited about that.
No, I'm kidding.
It's actually a link to an article about a father that killed his child over a video
game.
Is there a hole in the email?
Oh no.
What happened?
And I looked at this.
I'll link it in the chat.
What's he playing World of Warcraft?
It's on NBC10.com.
I'll just read a little bit of the article.
A 25-year-old North Philadelphia man has been charged with killing his young daughter.
The mother said 17-month-old Alaya was violently punched by Tyrone Spellman over a video game.
Reading further in the article, apparently, just being a cute little kid, she was pulling
on the controller cord, playing with it, and the system fell, and he apparently was so
upset he punched her in the face twice.
When the mother came in to ask, because she was taking a nap.
She didn't know anything was happening.
When she got up to check on her daughter, she asked why she's not breathing, and he
said, she's breathing.
She's just asleep or something like that.
She called the ambulance, and she was pronounced dead at the scene.
Apparently this guy was supposed to be...
They said that he was a fairly non-violent person, but first of all, I think the game
has nothing to do with it.
What if he had been playing, building a house of cards, and she knocked it over?
If he's given to punch somebody over something, especially a child, over something so trivial,
he would have done it over anything.
There's some type of violent gene there.
That's definitely, has nothing to do with a video game.
That is one seriously, mentally fucked up person.
On a completely unrelated note, five bucks says it was Madden.
I kid, I kid, I kid.
You can direct an email.
Baby Tossing 2000, you know, on the Xbox 360 Arcade, apparently.
It actually doesn't say what game it is.
Nintendog Sniper 2006.
The sad thing is that the lady was pregnant with another, she's eight months pregnant
with another baby.
The good news is he'll be the hell away from that one.
Well, yeah, he is locked up.
They're actually charging him with murder, endangering the welfare of a child, and possession
of an instrument of crime.
And but the thing that struck me is that the lady was saying that, you know, that her daughter
is never going to meet her big sister.
That was what got me on that.
GS68 in our chat room says, I'll say it now.
Shut up, Jack.
Seriously, you know he's going to hop on that shit.
But again, I don't think it was what he was doing so much.
You know, if she had toppled over something else he might have been working on, if he
was that mentally unstable to strike a child, you know, then he would have done it over
anything.
Well, I'm not sure how to transition into this story.
I suppose I could say something about at least he didn't throw the Guitar Hero controller.
I don't know.
But this is a story on Guitar Hero 2.
New song is announced for the game.
Mega Death with Hangar 18 is supposedly going to be like the last final boss song in the
game.
Pretty rad.
Aerosmith with Last Child, and this song I think is pretty cool coming to Guitar Hero
2.
Cheap Trick with Surrender.
That's going to be kind of fun.
I like that.
They've already announced the one song I was most interested in, though.
What the Spinal Tap?
No, YYZ.
Oh.
Aren't you a big fan of the Spinal Tap?
I love Rush.
All right.
Rush is cool.
Anyways, I'm glad to see that Guitar Hero 2 seems to be on its way to being finished.
Here's another game which supposedly is going to be finished pretty soon.
Duke Nukem Forever is apparently in the polish stage.
I don't know what that thought does that mean.
The polish stage?
It means that the physics and animation systems are virtually finished and shippable.
It's simply maintenance and polish from here on out.
We haven't needed to make substantial changes to those systems in months.
I think they mean polishes and polishing a turd.
The changes have been made.
Sorry the game's delayed.
We've all been too busy polishing our poles.
Then he goes on to say, things are never as bleak as they appear, as often is the case
when you simply have one side of the story.
This is coming from 3D Realms president George Broussard.
I don't know, I would think that a ten year delay on the game is pretty bleak if you ask
me.
It worked for Prey.
No, it didn't really work for Prey.
True said it worked for Prey.
Prey?
I don't think so.
It wasn't that great of a game.
Prey's kind of fun.
It was kind of fun, but kind of fun isn't like, wow, ten years in the making.
We'll see how the free expansion pack is that's supposedly coming.
Well, you know how we're always bringing up some of our more quirky games?
Well, Majesco is bringing Cake Mania to the DS.
Did anybody get Cooking Mama?
Actually wasn't Majesco talking about that game?
I was looking at a Miggletop's copy of Cooking Mama, but I didn't get a chance to play it,
but I hear it's kind of fun.
Sorry, Cake Mania makes me think, you know, it makes me think of cooking.
Sorry.
They actually mentioned Cooking Mama in this, but they're actually bringing out Cake Mania.
It's an online game from Sandlot Games, but Cake Mania will bring in the touch screen
part so you can bake your cakes with extra touch power, I guess, but it will be the full
game plus the Back to the Bakery expansion pack.
So if anyone's into the weirdo quirk stuff, it will be coming out for 20 bucks.
All right.
It's developed by Digital Embryo, which I think is a cool name.
Another series that Majesco is going to be bringing out, they have two titles in development
for the Wii.
One of them is Bust a Move, because that freaking game comes out on every console.
Sorry, I meant the American Bust a Move or Puzzle Bobble, not the other Bust a Move that
you guys are big fans of.
The other one that they are bringing over is supposed to be a mystery title.
It's going to be something that makes use of the Wiimote.
Oh, I'm sorry, no, that's more on the Bust a Move, is that it will be using the Wiimote's
motion.
There is actually no other information about the other title.
I wonder if it's not kind of a... Oh, no, because it's for the Wii.
I was wondering if it was maybe the Cake Mania thing came out later or something, but I guess
not.
There's ones for the DS and ones for the Wii.
So we should have more information pretty soon.
Anyway, that's going to bring to an end this part B of our podcast.
I know you guys are thinking, wait a minute, you haven't taken calls yet.
You haven't done last minute stories yet.
Well, tonight, guys, for our very special episode number 200, we're going to be doing
a part C. So we're going to go to a quick break here.
We'll come back with Orange Launch Radio part C, and I'll tell you what, part C is going
to be very different tonight because we're going to do a little bit of gaming news and
then it's about us and kind of celebrating 200 episodes of Orange Launch Radio and taking
your calls.
We've got a lot to take a look at, and it will all be on Orange Launch Radio part C
right after this.
How does it all end?
Find out later this week when part C of episode 200 hits our podcast feed.
