Orange Lounge Radio
We The Hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco
Tonight September 17th 2006
Oh My God We, Oh My God Free Xbox Live For Europe
Oh My God We Have A Major Update Regarding Phantasy Star Universe and Oh My God Episode 200
Orange Lounge Radio
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Mani Talk and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex in this episode.
The last Metroid is in captivity. The galaxy is at peace.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child. If you're not going to do your job, God damn it, I will.
Oh wait, most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Fact, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, sir.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, it makes you look like an ass is what he does, Ed.
Samburgers, the cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
That was huge. Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
Catherine, the only thing you're going to be riding is me.
Have you seen Mountain Dew?
Lena, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
So it was you. I was going to expose you.
I know. So I choose to expose myself.
Please, there are ladies present.
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
Dark Sakura.
Oh my God, I see a bloody stump!
Sky. Anytime in the place, baby.
Loki. Ow, my foot! Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 200 for this September the 17th of 2006.
You're listening to the Bemani Scene's most ancient podcast and radio station of all things Bemani.
But as of about a year ago, all things video games, tonight is a very special show, boys and girls.
Yes, that intro was specially made just for tonight. Hope you enjoyed it.
Oh my God, there's fire in here right now.
Chris has surprised us with her presence, and she's brought us a cake with a big 200 on it.
Wait, hold on, hold on. I have to take a picture on my cell phone so we have something for the site.
Rob, have I told you lately that I love you for that intro?
I just want to...
I forgot about the bloody stump.
I just want to warn people, if this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge...
Oh my God, you almost dropped that fucking cake.
I just want to warn you guys, if this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, tonight is going to be a really fucked up episode.
We are celebrating our 200th episode. We have a lot of surprises in store, and I guess this is one of them.
I had no idea we had a cake coming.
Okay, Loki, Dark Soccer, we have to all blow out the candles together.
Look out, they're going to blow.
Look out, we're going to blow.
Oh, this is so cute. I took a picture, we'll put it up on the website later.
What are we wishing for?
One, two, three.
Yay!
We blew them all out, it comes true.
All right.
Thank you guys so much, this is awesome.
Wow.
Well, my name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only...
I was trying to reinvoke the old intro there, but that threw me off.
So much for that.
It's cake pie.
Cake pie!
Say hello to the...
Another surprise, I got another surprise.
Oh my God, I got a...
What?
This is just craziness, I just got a T.R. that says over the hill and Loki has one too.
That's great.
And Jamie has one too.
Oh my God, you guys are too much.
Oh, you guys, thank you.
Okay.
Happy happy birthday from the internet to you.
We wish it was our birthday so we could party too.
Hey, happy happy birthday, all your gamer dreams come true.
Happy happy birthday from all of us to you.
Happy happy birthday.
Oh my God.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do tonight's show.
Alright, say hello to the one and only...
Happiest bunny on the farm is Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Who found the ferret?
I found the ferret!
Woo!
Woo, ferret!
Oh my God.
Say hello to Tech Masa Loki.
There's a lot of people in here that need less caffeine and sugar.
That's alright.
And say hello to Drew Nami who's here with us as he has been a lot lately.
Who needs to learn to put the microphone next to his mouth?
Definitely one person needs more caffeine, damn.
Alright.
Alright, say hello as well to Chris who's brought us all these wonderful surprises.
Thank you, Chris.
Oh, that's okay, I thought of it up as Jamie and I were eating lunch and I said,
You know what? I should bring donuts. You know what? Fuck that.
It's their special birthday. We need something better.
So we thought we'd get the carbiest, most sugariest thing we could find,
which has a very rainbow-y happy birthday to it.
This is so awesome.
Our cake is so gay.
The surprises are just beginning, you guys, tonight.
We have a lot of crap in store tonight.
Even the chat room doesn't know about some of the stuff we got planned.
It's going to be a very interesting show.
We have cake pie.
We're going to get to cake.
But first, and we do have DDR Sneak Peaks continuing tonight,
a very special edition of the DDR Sneak Peaks.
And it was confirmed, the ferret is gay.
We have our gay ferret.
Alright, let's try to get some gaming news out of our system
because we have a lot, a lot, a lot of it this week.
So first off, we start off every show.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
My gaming week was actually still more pinball.
We got another pinball machine.
Another one.
We have a Guns N' Roses pinball.
My God, you guys are nuts.
We're working on it right now.
And I played some more Mario.
And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, that's it.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Oh, I watched some porn too.
Congratulations.
And I got some Yowie now.
I thought you said, how was your gaming week?
I don't know if that would be considered gaming.
I consider it fun.
You could play the Yowie drinking game.
I streamed HD porn to my 360, so does that count?
I was, I was there when you did that.
Tell everyone, do I get to lick the frosting off the candle?
Yes.
Well, actually, I had another one too that we downloaded
that we streamed off my wonderful laptop here
because it has Media Center Edition on it.
But, no, yeah, you can stream stuff with Media Accenter,
Media Center Accenter.
And, unfortunately, well, actually, fortunately,
the only thing that we had to test it with is porno.
So we streamed, you know, 720p porno.
And the only thing we had to test with was porno.
So, yeah.
So we did that and it is very crisp.
Very, very crisp.
The only thing I'm disappointed with...
I actually saw it too and I will never see a clearer muff
in my entire life.
The only thing that's bad about it though,
and I don't know if, I couldn't stream it with like Dolby
or anything like that.
That would be really cool if I could do that.
But, you know, whatever, it's cool.
So we did that.
So actual gaming stuff, I actually played some stuff
including, and I don't know why,
I got it for free from work, Bomberman Act Zero,
and it started off pretty fun,
but the whole thing, it's really sad
that the game fails by things that I would think
that would be really easy for the devs to either fix
or, I don't know, figure out that they were wrong
in the first place.
The first thing, of course, being the fact
that you can't save at all.
So if you were to beat the game,
you had to play through 99 levels straight.
By the way, only one kill, or one hit and you're dead
and you have to go all the way back to one,
so that kind of sucks.
There's no live system or anything like that.
That's really kind of the only thing
that detracts you from the whole game.
That and the fact that the camera angles
and everything like that.
So, I don't know, it gets annoying,
but it's still Bomberman.
It's pretty fun, but, you know,
I wouldn't have paid money for it,
so thank God I didn't have to.
Then I played a lot of Xbox Live Arcade stuff.
I accidentally downloaded Time Pilot
because I meant to download Scramble,
so I ended up downloading them both,
and to be honest, Scramble's kind of lame
and so is Time Pilot.
Konami, you need to really make some better games
to put them out on live.
Also, maybe make your games, I don't know, widescreen.
I mean, seriously, if they remade it
for the graphics and stuff,
why didn't they just add widescreen support to it?
I don't know, that wouldn't be that difficult.
You get pretty borders on the left
and right side of the screen.
Same borders are in every Konami arcade game.
Anyways, so I played those.
I played a little bit more Geometry Wars.
I played multiplayer on Marvel Blast,
which was kind of lame.
I played multiplayer on Marvel Blast
because every time you start a multiplayer game,
you're in the middle of someone else's game,
so there's no possible way for you to win
because they're like 75 points ahead of you.
Well, wait until the game's over
and then they start a new game.
That's fine, but that doesn't always happen.
That's kind of lame, but whatever.
What else did I play?
More Grand Theft Auto, of course.
Actually, I emailed Rockstar
about Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories
because we do play it so much
and we were bragging, or I was bragging to them
that I probably played it more than the devs did,
and I think I probably did
since it doesn't seem like they played it much.
And then, yeah, so hopefully I'll hear back from them
because I want to know how their multiplayer's
coming for that game because they better not fuck it up
or I will fly down there and beat them to death.
Anything else?
Oh, I played Mario Kart on the DS
while I was waiting for my dad for a movie today.
Fun? I played bow mode, and I don't like the bow movement.
All right, I'm going to our chat room,
which of course is always one of our other guests,
www.orangesonshady.com.
Oh, I'm sorry, and I played Chrome Helms in multiplayer.
And got your ass kicked from what I hear.
Well, that's because my mic sucks.
I'm looking at our chat room.
In fact, so many people in chat tonight,
the names are scrolling off the screen.
We can't see.
Anyway, I want to point out,
Robert M. in chat says,
when did you see Jairus on live?
It's coming. We know it's coming.
It's been previously announced.
When? Couldn't tell you,
but that's one I'm looking forward to as well.
I love Jairus. Awesome game.
My gaming week.
I actually played a lot of different games.
I'll stick to the new stuff, though.
I played Scramble, even though I said on the show
I wasn't going to. I couldn't help it.
I downloaded it. I like the new art style,
which I thought is kind of interesting.
But the game itself is kind of anti-climatic.
The stages are so short, and each one of the stages
has some type of little niche to it.
Like, oh, stage three is where they're going to throw fireballs at you.
Oh, stage four is where you have to take...
I don't like stage two. It's stupid.
I don't know what the fuck it is.
The little asteroid things are pissing me off.
But, okay, the game's from 81.
What can you expect?
I mean, it's obviously an old, old game,
but I would have just rather that effort
that they took porting Scramble be spent on like Gradius,
which is a far superior shooter.
It will not let me shoot as fast as I want to.
You know the trick? This is what I do.
I put the controller down, and I tap the buttons
like my fingers are running between bullet bomb,
bullet bomb, bullet bomb, and I do that really fast,
and that's how I get all the way through stage four, at least.
Because stage five, the trick is you have to maneuver around
really quickly, and it's kind of hard.
Since that ship is like a boat.
So, anyway, we have done Scramble, and it's okay.
I mean, if you like the classics,
the upgrade was actually one of the nicer upgrades.
The graphics do look really well,
and the sound's been done a lot better.
But the game itself, I just can't recommend it
when it's put next to five dollar games
such as, you know, Geometry Wars,
and hell, even something like Frogger or Time Pilot
was a better buy than Scramble.
I'm sorry to say I wish they would put effort
into better games, but that's just me.
The other game I played was surprisingly pleasant.
I played Test Drive Unlimited,
which I actually enjoyed quite a bit.
The gameplay is a lot like it reminded me
of Need for Speed Underground,
and so you're probably thinking to yourself,
okay, why do I need yet another racer on the Xbox 360?
What makes this so special?
Well, Test Drive Unlimited is massive.
You are literally driving around the entire island of Oahu,
and it's not, you know, 100% geographically correct,
but for folks who've never been there like me,
it's got that illusion of that it does seem to be pretty,
you know, right on to what it's probably
really like in that environment.
And you drive around and you do different races,
like you stop at different intersections and do races,
or you pick up hookers and take them to the shopping place
they need to go, or you drive cars, hitchhikers,
lots of different types of quests and things you can do.
It's a questing driving game.
But the other weird thing about it
that's getting this game a lot of notoriety
is that even when you're playing in single-player mode,
if you're playing on Xbox Live,
some of the dummy cars that you usually see driving in traffic
are actually other players.
And you'll see their Xbox Live name,
they are playing single mode as well.
So it's kind of like an MMO, but not really.
It's the weirdest concept.
That is exactly why I can't get that game,
because I'd be such a jackass.
I'd be like, attack!
I'll tell you what though, I love the idea,
and I think it's great that they're doing this
to make the game different than other racing games,
but I don't know.
I find when I'm racing around,
I don't really run into other people
right next to them very often.
I've driven by maybe three people.
Supposedly you're supposed to crash into them
and start a race, but sometimes they drive by so fast
you don't even realize that somebody went by.
I guess that's what you have to do.
It's interesting. It's an interesting concept.
I'll have to play the game a little more
to see how it's fully enabled.
I just joined the oil army clan.
Thanks to Rob Way, he created the oil army clan on the game,
so I just joined that.
Look for that if you're on Test Drive,
and hopefully you'll be able to experience more
of what multiplayer has to offer.
Speaking of the oil army,
I'm going to be releasing the general design
for the t-shirts for anybody who wants to make one
until we can get the ability to put them up.
We should register our numbers though.
How are our numbers?
Awesome. The other quick thing I wanted to say
about Test Drive Unlimited is I was kind of bummed out
that some of the multiplayer races, at least none of the ones I drove by,
were restricted by car class,
because I got the game about a week after it came out
and by the time I'm ready to do multiplayer races
everybody in there has a souped-up, maximum, top-of-the-line car,
so I would have liked to have seen some multiplayer races
that were restricted a little more by the class car
so you could have beginner multiplayer races, intermediate,
and not everybody's just kicking my ass
because they have a top-of-the-line car
because they've been playing longer.
That was my thought.
I do recommend Test Drive Unlimited
if you're a fan of driving games,
and I think even if you're not a fan of driving games,
rent it, check it out, because you might...
I mean, it's a good deal, 40 bucks.
It's cheaper than the usual Xbox 360 game,
so it's hard for me to ignore that as well,
being a big factor in why I would recommend this game
for you to pick up.
Plus, it's fun driving a Lamborghini off-road.
It is, but the cops get annoying.
They get really annoying.
I wish there was a way you could turn them off.
No, it's funny, but the cops, they can't follow you off-road.
Oh, really? I didn't realize that.
No, they're stupid. They can't figure out how to get off the road,
so I have to just drive through an unpaved section.
There's like, duh, where'd he go?
Or just sit in the grass, and they're like,
oh, I don't know how to get to him.
JeremyTau1 in chat says,
a friend I know that lives in Hawaii says
the map is really close to the area, but it isn't perfect.
He says he can see where he is in the game
because he knows the roads in person,
so yeah, it's pretty close to the actual thing.
It's kind of interesting.
All right.
Drunami, how was your gaming week?
Well, not too eventful. I've been leveling a warrior in World of Warcraft.
It's pretty good. I can see where a lot of people say they're Imba,
but I haven't really got past 18, so that remains to be seen.
I've also been trying to finish Xenosaga episode one,
or rather, watching it.
I admit, I like it even though it's very, very long on cutscenes,
and the battle system is sort of frustrating,
but it's a good game, a very deep story.
Other than that, I haven't really been doing much in the way of gaming.
All right.
Chris, anything you want to share with how your gaming week's been going?
Well, you remembered me this time.
I did. I'm sorry. How could I forget? You brought me cake.
Meghan says that you're a skanky, skanky hoe bag.
Yeah, I know. No, no, she said Rob is.
Hey, why am I a skanky hoe bag?
That's her way of saying she loves you.
Oh, okay.
Hugs and kisses and smoothies to you, sweetie.
Okay, aside from Sins 2, I got Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance and Baldur's Gate 2 Dark Alliance.
I found them on Amazon for each, like, 60 bucks, but I got them new.
Did it have a monkey on the cover?
No, it didn't. Shut up.
I've been playing both of those because I never got to finish both of them.
Go for the eyes.
So, yeah. I like it.
That was my gaming week.
All right. Right on.
And I burned my fingernail, lighting your candles.
Okay, well, I guess now that everybody, now, I didn't miss anyone this week.
Yes, we're good? All right.
I guess we can start, I missed the ferret. My bad.
I guess we can get into some housekeeping news tonight.
First, if you haven't noticed, it is our 200th episode.
We're cheating the number a little bit.
This isn't our 200th podcast, per se, but it's probably well over our 100th regular podcast.
But the deal is that we started as a live 365 station back in May of 2002 with our first show airing June 23, 2002.
It was our first live show.
And when we started Orange Launch Radio, originally the concept was we're going to be a DDR station.
We're going to be about Bomani games.
And we wanted to be the station that was like, we don't want to just talk about the Bomani news,
but we're going to be like that group of people that's at the diner after playing,
you know, meeting up at the arcade for a night or like a tournament after DDR tournament
and just sitting around talking shit, talking about DDR, but talking shit and talking about games as well.
And of course, over the years, we were one of the first internet broadcasts to get on the podcasting bandwagon
with the first Orange Launch Radio To Go edition debuting in January of 2005.
Keep in mind iTunes didn't support podcasts until June of 2005,
so we were pretty lucky in discovering that technology pretty early and we started doing a special show there.
And then in January of this year, 2006, we combined our already existing live show and our podcast effort into this,
our live and podcast show, which runs live every Sunday night and then is podcasted to the world twice a week.
So we think we're justified in the 200 number because this is about the 200th regular week
we've been putting out some type of gaming-related programming out there.
Not to mention all the live shows that we've done, special shows and fuck-off shows.
Exactly. We've been live at E3. We were live at Arena this year for E3.
We were live at the B3 DDR tournament. We were live at a Scandia tournament.
Weren't we live at Milpitas once, Golfland for DDR tournament?
I think we were. Just a bunch of crazy shit we've been doing throughout the years with DDR community.
And now, general gaming as well. We know our fan base has now expanded past just those who are into music games.
And of course, we'll never forget our love of music games. We always have plenty of news.
Of course, we have the DDR sneak peeks tonight. I think that just further goes to show that.
We haven't forgotten our roots.
Konami finally noticed us like two months ago. It's kind of amazing. So now we have all of that.
So it's great. We've been so thankful to all the success we've had over the past 200 episodes.
And we don't plan on quitting anytime soon.
We did also break the Akira Yamaoka tracks.
That's right. That was one big thing. That was one big thing was that we had a new Akira track that we were playing on the show.
That was a big thing for us. We interviewed some DDR artists last year. It was pretty awesome.
So lots of accomplishments. It's really all thanks to you guys in the chat room and the fans. You guys are just awesome.
But anyway, we're going to save some of the crying and the tears for later in the show because we have a little surprise towards the end.
So we'll do that a little later.
For now, the other housekeeping. Now, this isn't such a happy note that we have to get into, but this shit happens.
Part of what we do at Orange Lounge Radio is that we're not afraid to report on things when we hear about it.
If we sense that there's a bit of legitimacy to a news story, we're going to run with it.
I think we're kind of starting to turn into at least my vision.
And I think the vision Dark Soccer and Loki have as well is that we want to be like an ain't it cool news of gaming.
We're not afraid to run the rumors when we sense there's some bit of legitimacy to them.
And we want to scoop the big, big media reports and things of that nature.
But unfortunately, once in a while, something's going to happen that causes us to be wrong.
And unfortunately, this time it happens to be a big one.
And this was a story that was picked up on a lot of news sites that we ran. Loki, what happened?
And this isn't really our fault.
No, it's not.
But you guys have to understand, this is what's going to happen when we do this.
Ain't it cool news right all the time? Hell no they're not.
And stuff changes all the time.
It's just like when we report dates and stuff. Dates change all the time.
But anyways, this is about the Phantasy Star Universe online subscription fees.
Before we reported that the Xbox 360 version would be free and the Playstation 2 and PC would be pay.
Well, Sega went back on what they decided to do and they're deciding to charge for the online service.
And here is exactly why they're doing it.
And this is straight from an email from our sales rep from Sega.
It says, anyways, I just wanted to update you on what's going on regarding the subscription service we have with Phantasy Star Universe.
As you know, the game will have an extensive 40 hour single player mode as well as online questing mode that allows players to create a character,
customize that character and meet up with other players to complete quests online.
The single player portion is separate from the online mode and it will work as normal on Playstation 2, Xbox 360 and PC.
The online mode, however, is a bit different.
To play online, the user will have to create an account with Sega and pay a monthly fee of $9.99.
This will be required for all versions of the game, including the 360 version.
Previously, we had thought the 360 version would not have a fee due to the Xbox Live fees.
That has since changed.
The good news is, this is nothing new for Phantasy Star Universe in that all online versions of Phantasy Star have had this fee in the past
and that even the last Xbox version which played over live.
Also, we're trying to implement a 14 day free trial for the Playstation 2 version.
Our Japanese dev team has found that this free trial could lead to certain types of cheating
and now there's a chance that that free trial will not be included in the Playstation 2 version.
I will update you as I get final word on this.
Regarding the 360 version, Xbox Live prevents us from doing any type of free trial.
However, the good news is that we have a marketplace demo that will allow users to get a small taste of the offline and online portions of the game.
It says I know subscription fees are not a very common thing for the console games and that's why I wanted to inform you of this.
Well, unfortunate, but Sega told us one thing and then told us another, but as you can understand, you know they were considering it.
They were considering it and I think what it comes down to is that they found out they can charge for it and so they went ahead and did it.
A lot of negative feedback from chat, people saying they're not going to get the game now because they don't pay for MMOs monthly.
I'm with them on that. I was going to buy the game and to be honest, I'm not really interested anymore.
I'm interested in the marketplace demo. I'm going to make my decision solely based off the demo.
I am encouraged that at least the demo they're going to put on marketplace will support on and offline and that will be the decision maker for me.
I'll pay for MMOs. I paid for World of Warcraft. I paid for Final Fantasy XI. I'm not against paying for MMOs.
It's got to be good and I want to try it before I buy it.
Here's the thing I don't understand about the MMOs is they have this infrastructure for these MMOs on live supposedly, but yet no one's really using it.
Same with Final Fantasy XI, you have to pay for online service.
I wish there was an MMO that I didn't have to pay for the online portion because that's why I don't buy the games.
I don't have Guild Wars.
They don't have Guild Wars on the 360. That's why I don't play MMOs on the 360 because I don't have the time to dedicate to play it regularly.
I don't want to pay this extra monthly fee because I know I'm not going to use it.
Whereas with Phantasy Star I figured, okay, I get to buy it and I can play online whenever I want. Awesome! That sold it for me.
But now this news, right when I saw it I was like, fuck! I knew this was something that was going to possibly happen.
Not a huge surprise since they've been charging all the time, but whatever. Life goes on I guess.
Kind of unfortunate. Jamie, I'm really curious about your thoughts because you're a big Phantasy Star supporter.
I imagine you're probably going to play this anyway, but what do you think about all this back and forth, paying, no paying stuff?
I think half of it is that they're charging because, well, first of all they're in the business to make money, so why shouldn't they charge?
But regardless, and actually Ronma made this point in the chat room, it's still one of the cheapest MMOs you can play.
I think that if charging the fee might lead to better service, give them more money for development into the game to expand it later on, that's my hope.
But I really don't care because I was going to play it anyway.
I figured if you want to play something bad enough, no price should keep you from enjoying it.
Alright, well we'll see. We encourage your emails if you want to give us some feedback on this. Mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
I imagine some people might be kind of pissed at us for reporting the news before, but you know what guys?
We had certainly a big reason to believe it was true because Sega told us.
If you are unhappy with that, sorry. I guess you can stick to getting press releases and things when everybody else gets them and won't know any news beforehand.
But to Loki's credit, a lot of the rest of that story has turned out to be right on.
When it comes to a lot of the stories about the Wii that we're going to get into tonight and the GT steering wheel and some of the other things that you reported in that story are coming true.
We can't predict the future. If they go and change what their plan is for something, we're not going to know. It's up to them. So if they decide to go back on what they want to charge, we can't be right all the time when it comes to them changing stuff.
As we mentioned, there was a lot of big news this week about this little system coming out from Nintendo called Wii.
We're dedicating just about the rest of the segment to talk about this because there was so much news that came with the Wii.
So of course if you've been living in a cave or for some reason you only get your gaming news from OLR, which is kind of cool I guess, here's the deal. The Wii is coming out on November 19th and it's coming out for a price of $250.
$249.99.
With after-tax it's going to be over $250. It's going to be packaged with Wii Sports. Controllers will be sold separately. The Wiimote, which is the official name for it it sounds like, the Wiimote is going to be what?
The remote and nunchuck.
The Wiimote is going to be $40 and the nunchuck is going to be $20. That was everything that was announced at the press conference.
Pretty much the price point it looks like right now is the remote is going to be $39.99 whereas the attachments are going to be $19.99.
Who called the price? That would be me.
Good job. Now a lot of people are saying the controllers are too damn expensive. But I didn't, I mean okay because when you consider it's the nunchuck and the controller it's going to be about $60.
You don't have to buy the nunchuck. You do not have to have it. A lot of games do not use it unless it's like a first person shooter.
Plus I do believe isn't a wireless Xbox 360 controller $49?
It's $49.99 and that's not even with the rechargeable, granted the Wii does not have a rechargeable battery pack at least as far as I'm aware.
2 AA's but it does last quite a long time apparently and so I don't know.
I'm not trying to knock Xbox 360's price at all. I'm just saying you know Nintendo doesn't see that but a lot of people were very disappointed in the price that they heard.
And I thought it was kind of like well isn't that what kind of everyone was expecting? I guess some people have their sights on $200.
But I don't know I want to say I swear to God I said on this show previously I bet you anything Wii Sports is a pack-in game.
And people were telling me no because they haven't done a pack-in game in years.
No Wii Sports is like it's not gamey enough to be a game but it's good enough to be a pack-in game.
It's just like world class track meet. That's exactly what it is to me. It's world class track meet.
It's also something that's very simple that will teach you how to use the controller and stuff like that.
Exactly. Alright well we have plenty of Wii news all around the table tonight so.
Well there is a bit more about Wii Sports. Again it is going to be bundled in with the Wii at release.
But there's been suggestions especially actually it states that for EGM that it was going to support over 30 different games.
But the official ones listed are tennis, baseball, golf, bowling and boxing.
And it's all pretty much the same simple thing. Like for anyone who watched the press release it's pretty much the same type style of thing that you saw in the press release.
Okay.
I guess bowling is a sport.
Bowling will be kind of fun.
I wonder if it will have curling.
Tennis wasn't bad but again I bet baseball will be a lot of fun with multiple people.
And you know I think the concept and the reason why the remote costs so much and watching the Wii press event and everything.
I think the concept is you're going to build your personality on your Wii remote thing and you want to take it to other places right?
Well actually it's stating that in particular for Wii Sports is that you're going to use your I guess the Wii caricature to play in the games that you can actually play versus people that will personalize the game for you.
So I don't think that Nintendo wants you to buy four Wiimotes for your household.
They want you and all three of your friends to buy Wiis and then you bring your Wiimote with you like you bring your iPod with you everywhere to share music.
You're going to bring your Wiimote and I guess I'm also being corrected in chat that's not the real name.
It's going to be the Wii remote but I don't care it's a Wii remote or Wiimote.
I still like Wecon.
I think they use Wiimote actually.
I swear I heard in that press conference somebody say Wiimote but whatever it doesn't matter.
So whatever that thing is the thing you're going to take the thing with you to other people's houses and then you know your characters on there ready to go.
Didn't we already reveal on the show previously in some news article that it had some type of storage on the actual remote itself.
So it probably saves basic stats and things like you know you go to your friend's house and oh hey you're four and two in baseball right now let's play you know.
Sort of be like bringing your memory card with you.
Or your DS.
Yeah I think that's exactly what it is so I don't know.
Anyways well some other interesting things about the Wii in Japan of course which was the first news that we got about the Wii.
It's going to be launching for 25,000 yen and what's kind of interesting though is they are not getting the pack in for Wii Sports.
That is separate you have to buy that separately and that's actually going to cost around 3,800 actually I'm sorry 3,800 yen is going to be the price of the remote.
1,800 for the nunchaku attachment and 1,800 for the classic controller which also by the way $19.99 for the classic controller in the United States.
Wii Sports though is going to be a pretty inexpensive game so that should be pretty interesting.
One of the other games I saw in there which is really cool Wii Play which is going to be for people that saw the E3 tech demos and stuff like the shooting demo.
Duck Hunt?
Yeah I like the Duck Hunt game those are in Wii Play some of them so that's kind of cool.
Hopefully we'll get in the states I know that UK is getting and stuff like that but should be interesting.
Camden in our chat room is making a little play on the whole me thing and put me a moto.
You remember when you saw the E3 demo with all four of them playing and the little heads were on the bodies and they looked like Miyamoto and everything?
That was it because they had made their things on the me now it all makes sense so that's kind of interesting.
I just want to ask a quick question.
Why do you think Japan is not getting Wii Sports? Why do you think they opted not to do that and do a cheaper bundle instead without it?
Just for economical reasons I actually stand a chance of making more money having the game separate.
Also Japan is getting theirs on December 2nd which is surprising because they're not the first ones to launch with the Wii the United States is. Interesting.
We're loved.
Heart Nintendo.
Anyway as far as speaking of the Nintendo love this is in UK news. The Wii is going to retail for 249 euros which is 179 pounds in the UK.
Also with it will be about 20 release games.
It's Wii Play, Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess and some third party games like Red Steel, Need for Speed Carbon, Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam, Pixar's Cars and Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz.
That sounds kind of fun.
Also it will be bundled with Wii Sports as well.
It will come with one Wii Remote, one Nunchuk and again Wii Sports.
I think it's funny that they're getting the...
I think it's interesting that Europe is not getting the shaft for once with the release time.
I mean sure we're beating them to it but to be ahead of Japan that's weird to me that Japan isn't getting this thing until December.
That is so weird to me.
Well actually it says that the European release date is the 8th of December.
Oh my bad. I thought it was before. I'm sorry.
My bad, my bad. Okay so Europe did get the shaft. Sorry guys.
It's not that bad.
It's not as bad as the usual Nintendo shaft. It's not as bad so I guess there's that.
And I understand why they're doing it because they're launching so many units in the United States.
They've got to catch up, make sure they have enough for it to launch in the other territories.
Well it's also going to of course, we'll be going into a little bit more about this later, of course we'll have the Wii channel menu and a pretty interesting interface.
Alright. Well if you want to spin your globe all the way around and take a look at Australia.
Australia's launch looks pretty comparable to what Europe's getting.
The console's going to launch there on December 7th, 2006.
The retail price will be $399.95 but that's Australian.
And then they're also going to have Wii Sports as their pack-in game.
And of course all the other good stuff you've been hearing about with the interface and everything.
Nothing too different there. But Australia's not being left out of the worldwide launch.
So it looks like Nintendo has this worldwide launch thing down where Sony with their whole worldwide means Japan and the U.S. only might need to...
Sony just makes it easy to bash on them. I really don't want to.
Well my question for Nintendo is what about Africa?
Where is that only the domain of Sony now?
Africa.
Well maybe we'll hear something on that later, I don't know.
We all know that Mr. Kuragis meets crayons and wears a helmet so we can't be too upset at him.
I will be curious to see again, I think like most PlayStation consoles, and I don't want to get off topic too much,
but like most PlayStation consoles, I don't think we'll truly be able to judge the PlayStation 3 until this time next year.
I really don't think we're going to start seeing the big guns until then, but whatever.
I guess it's all about launch now. Now, now, now. Especially in this internet age.
I mean how fast did people want their information on that Wii launch?
Now, now, now. People tuning into June video streams thinking they were current because they had to have it now, now, now
and something gets dug and then everybody believes it. It's crazy!
The internet has fucked things up! Totally!
Well, at least we were right about the launch date. We said soon.
Yeah, we did say soon. We did.
I did say November. I gave you a couple weeks in November.
Meg Z got an exact date. I think I should point that out.
I saw her call that on her live journal. That was cool.
She was really, really happy about that.
I do want to point out, Loki, in your thing you did on 198, you were one of the first people to say, hey, Nintendo is debating launching after Sony.
Because most people, when they were guessing the launch date, were guessing things before the 17th.
You were one of the first people to say they are thinking about doing it after.
To be honest, all the dates in our system that we had, all the launch dates were on the 15th of November.
And I was like, that's got to be a to be announced date because there's no way that they would launch it at the same time as Sony.
And here I was wrong the whole time. It was right in front of my face.
But, whatever. Who cares? It's just a fun little game until the system actually launches.
Rama in our chat regarding the Wii launch in Africa says, fuck them, send Africa refurbished N64s.
That's not nice. Have Ellen give out some Wiis.
Have Ellen give out some Wiis to Africa.
I hate Ellen.
We'll send Sudan Summers there with food for the starving children and Wiis.
You guys, she gave away to a blind guy. What the hell is he going to do with that?
There's lots of areas to Africa and I'm sure some of them are waiting and willing for their Wiis. They want it.
I actually did go searching for the date. I could not find it, but I would imagine given that the majority of the world is getting theirs in December, theirs is probably close to the same time.
If not, then early next year. I'm sure you will have your Wiis soon enough, Africa.
As we mentioned before, I believe we talked about this, it came out that the Wii will not support DVD playback.
What we were told, of course, before is that they're going to have an add-on little thing for it, kind of like the Xbox did where you'd be able to play DVDs.
Well, they've opted on not doing that at all.
In fact, it says Nintendo of America's Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Affairs Perrin Kaplan confirmed to IGN,
Wii today, that its forthcoming Wii console will not play Hollywood DVD movies.
The decision to remove the functionality was made in order to deliver the machine at cheaper costs because most people today already own DVD players.
And to be honest, it makes perfect sense. The GameCube didn't play DVDs and I wasn't sad about it, so who cares?
You know what's interesting about this? This is a direct opposite philosophy to what Sony is doing, if you think about it, right?
Because Sony is saying, oh no, you need Blu-ray. We need to put Blu-ray in here because you need your Blu-ray movie playback, because you need to see your movies in 1080.
You need to do this. Isn't it kind of interesting?
You know what, I think that's very smart because their whole point is gameplay. Making games. Not making, oh, we do all this other crap too.
Well, hold on though.
How many of us in this room own a DVD player?
Well, we all do. I use my Xbox 360, really. But hold on, hold on though, and I don't want to spoil the interface story that's coming up, but there are things that are in the interface that aren't only strictly games, right?
So there's a little something extra.
That is true, but I still think that the focus is on games and should stay that way.
That's why I think that Sony is shooting themselves in the balls.
I think it's more of a cost of technology thing, where it's like, why pay for the DVD player to be in there? Maybe these other little frills we can add on the technology we already have, but why pay to have the DVD stuff in there?
If you want to know who to blame for DVD playback not being in there, it's pretty much Hollywood anyways, because you have to license the DVD playback.
Listen, I didn't catch this. Why did Nintendo tell you there was going to be a dongle and now they didn't?
That's because of the licensing for DVD playback. You have to pay for licensing fees, and that's why they charge for that stuff, because it covers the cost of licensing. That's why Xbox did the same thing.
It's not because it can't. It's just because, well, you know, it's just not going to. I got you. I got you.
Well, as far as... we are just so Wii-centric today, aren't we?
Well, for this part...
It's the hugest thing in gaming right now. When we get into Part B, we'll have some non-Wii stuff, but we've got to get this out.
I just said that so that I could use Wii-centric in a sentence.
Cute.
Regarding more Wii games, actually they have announced a Resident Evil game for the Wii titled Biohazard Umbrella Chronicles.
It's produced by Masachika Kawata, who was also the one who ported RE4 to PlayStation 2.
I have to make this crack. Resident Evil.
Resident Evil!
Go to hell!
And take your toilet paper joke book with you.
It survived for this long.
Resident Evil. God.
Well, Capcom was saying that they were supposed to combine the gaming experience and atmosphere, but involve the Wii control system with it.
They're still not leaving any details. It's still saying it's an action game, still is going to use the Wii-con, but they're not really giving any more detail.
However, another game that we did get some detail on was Forever Blue, which is a diving game that will be coming out for Wii.
That sounds interesting. I love those little quirky games.
Resident Evil 4 was badass on the GameCube and was really the last kick in the butt that system had in the right direction.
What do you think? Is Resident Evil Wii going to be like, holy crap, Nintendo's not just cutesy things?
I have a feeling it's going to do that.
There's also another game that was mentioned, Hajime Tano Wii, which means starting out with Wii. It's supposed to be one of the launch titles, and it's supposed to be a bunch of mini-games with the Duck Hunt.
Are you guys getting used to that name now? Wii?
I think it's cute.
I don't know. I think it's the right thing. I think Nintendo's making a lot of smart decisions here. I'll get into it later.
What was it that I said months ago?
What?
The whole point of advertising. When you come up with a name for something, you need something memorable, something that people are going to talk about, something simple, and it fits all three.
And boy, the internet would not shut up about Wii. Check any game blog or major gaming site or little gaming site, and it was Wii Wii Wii, unless it was an Xbox or Sony site. It was all about the Wii all this week.
There is rarely such a thing as bad press. I always say rarely, not ever.
You know, look at Sony and E3.
You get confused about how many people are like, ooh, what's that, or that sounds so weird, let me check it out. I'm curious now. Ooh, Wii.
Interesting. Interesting.
When you are having fun, you refer to yourself and some other people. Wii.
Interesting. All right. Well, one game I'm sure we're all going to have a lot of fun with on the Wii is the Twilight Princess, Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess, which, by the way, was delayed a little bit on GameCube.
It's not coming out the exact same day as Wii Link. It's coming out, what, December something.
I'm sure Chatham is going to yell it out.
I want to say December 8th for some reason. It sticks out of my mind. I don't know why. Maybe that's because it was the Europe launch. I don't know.
But anyway, what's interesting is that there's a pretty big difference between the GameCube version and the Wii version of Twilight Princess, and that is how Link is holding his sword.
Miyamoto stated that Link was initially supposed to have a left-handed sword in the Wii version of Twilight Princess, but he has that in the GameCube version, and they changed it so that he uses a sword in the right hand on the Wii because of the fact that most people are right-handed.
Well, I always thought it was very strange having Link be left-handed anyway, because isn't it in Japan it's sort of a thing where a lot of parents will train their children to be right-handed?
Being left-handed is very, I guess, considered not very normal.
Chat room's all yelling December 11th, by the way. Thank you, chat room.
Why can't they make Tingle less gay, then? If they can teach Link to use the other hand.
Hey, Tingle ain't coming out here. I can say this because I think on gaygamer.net I want to say was the site.
They're starting a petition right now to get Tingle out over here because right now it's not planned for release over here.
The Tingle Adventure, that uber-gay guy in the, well at least we all think he is, in that GameCube Four Swords Adventures.
He flies by on a balloon and goes, ooh, ooh, and drops rupees on you.
Well, he was actually in Wind Waker.
Oh, that's right. All right, thank you. I just remember him from Four Swords.
I'm going to have to import that because I like, um, yeah.
You like to feel a little Tingle?
No, I just like, I like the gay.
Anyway, speaking of, no, I'm sorry, not speaking.
The interface for the Wii, we've got some very interesting things going on.
There is, excuse me, as I die over here, there is going to be, it's actually based on Opera for their web browser.
There's a weather channel, a news channel, and then there's one called Mii Channel, M-I-I for those who haven't got the joke yet.
With the Mii Channel, you can use it to customize your avatar, and also your avatar will show up in the various demos.
You can actually store everything on your Wii Remote, so you will actually be taking your Wii Remote to other people's houses and play.
Which I've been listening to some other podcasts kind of, you know, not getting that part of it, and I'm just kind of thinking, I'm like, that's the whole trick.
It's not that you're going to have four controllers in your own house, it's that everybody's going to have their own controller.
The controller is going to be like the, you know, the thing that defines me, and then the Wii is just the box you play the games on.
And also the characters, you don't actually have to play as them, they can also populate, you know, say other games, like Animal Crossing or something like that.
Where you can create, you know, characters, like for example, they showed the demo for, where they're creating Samuel L. Jackson.
There actually, if anyone is interested, there are videos up on Eurogamer.net, linked over from Eurogamer TV, that give demonstrations of how these various screens and channels are going to work on the Wii.
So I recommend checking those out.
Very cool. And I know I saw some on Wii.com too.
Oh yeah.
I have some good stuff too.
I want to point out this comment, and I know I'm not supposed to say these words because they were banned, but it's a funny comment.
Sayoran108 in our chatroom says, Tingle gets more guys than G4.
Oh!
In regards to Tingle.
Eww.
Anyways, alright. As Jamie mentioned earlier, there's a brand new Wii game, which kind of, I guess, roughly translates to My First Wii.
And the game's actually going to be bundled with a Wiimote.
And it will be, yes, My First Wii. Everybody poops!
No, no, that's translated that wrong. This is starting with Wii.
Starting with Wii.
Starting with Wii, and then you go to poo.
So, yeah, it's going to be bundled together with 4800 yen, making it cheaper than a standard controller, which would be 5800 yen.
So that's actually kind of cool. And it's set for the Japanese release on December 2nd, and will include, of course, minigames designed to make players familiar with the Wii remote controls, including pinball, table hockey, and pool.
Simple point-and-click shooting games, and other games that are modeled after the demos shown at E3, including a minigame where you move your Mii caricature around a city block.
So, interesting.
Now, one thing that the Wii is going to be able to do that is kind of interesting, and it's kind of interesting that Xbox 360 doesn't do this, and I don't know if PlayStation has plans to do this, but that's surfing the web.
And I can see where Xbox 360 doesn't do this, because they want you to go use Windows on your PC to go surf the internet, but Nintendo, they don't have a PC stake, so they say,
fuck that, you're going to surf the web on our system, and they're going to use the Opera browser to do it.
But here's the thing, they said during the press conference that users will be downloading the Opera browser with Wii Points, which is kind of their version of money into points into being able to buy stuff on their thing.
But the nice thing about it is that actually they're not going to charge for the browser until June of next year.
No idea why they're doing it that way. I thought at first when I read this, this meant that the browser wasn't going to be out until June of next year, but that's not what the internet seems to be reporting right now.
It seems to be saying that, yeah, the Opera browser will be there, and you can download it free, but in June of next year you're going to have to pay for it.
So, I guess a bonus incentive to early adopters of the Wii?
I guess. The other thing too is, I mean, it's probably not that expensive to develop the Opera browser, and since it's normally free anyways, that's probably why they're charging after.
It's kind of like the whole thing that they did with Texas Hold'em, where it's free for four years.
Yeah, but Texas Hold'em was free for two days. This is going to be free for about seven months.
Well, you know, not a lot of people are going to be really jumping to download the browser.
Because, I mean, if you think about it, to browse the internet, you've really got to have a wireless setup and all that stuff for the Wii.
Well, wait, but isn't the Wii supposed to have the wireless thing built into it, just like your DS, so that all you have to have is a wireless router in your house and it'll go?
Exactly, but still though, not a lot of people have that, I would think.
Do you think people without wireless internet are going to be screwed, or do you think there will be a dongle?
No, there's going to be a USB type of thing.
Same with the DS.
That's what I figured.
Well, speaking of things that are screwed up, Monkey Ball.
Okay, Monkey Ball is just one of those crazy games that's out there, and of course, as everyone knows by now, there is Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz that will be out on the Wii.
They're introducing two new characters, one called Yanyan and one called Doctor.
Yanyan is a female monkey, and Yanyan is an older monkey with a past steeped in mystery due to his acute case of amnesia.
Is his name Doctor Sayus?
It just says Doctor.
In my head, I'm a Doctor Who fan girl, so every time I see Doctor, I think, David Tennant? No!
Now I have this image of David Tennant dressed as a monkey in my head. I can't.
And now I need to wash my brain.
David Tennant's hot, but anyway.
Okie dokie.
So is Billy Piper.
Back to the story.
There's also, each of these characters are going to have different strengths and weaknesses.
Things that affect acceleration, speed, jumping, also the weight and size of the ball that they are in is going to affect how it's played.
Actually, you use the ball in different ways. You can flick the remote, you can press a button, different things that you do with the remote are going to affect how the balls move.
And there's also a bunch of mini games. It will be out on December 2nd in Japan.
Sorry, the grade schooler in me is using the Wii to make your balls move. It's just too much for me.
Too much for me.
It will be a launch game in all territories.
I just want to say some chat comments real quick.
Pooeater on the Opera story in our chat room says,
Why would you want the internet on your console which has to run from your computer's internet connection?
I don't know. There's something to be said about multiple browser windows. Maybe mom wants one browsing window and you want one. I don't know.
And also, I mean browsing from your couch and porn! Come on!
Oh, I can't wait to put porn on my Wii.
Ravenstolphin wanted to correct me and say that PlayStation 3 does indeed have a browser in it. Thank you. I couldn't remember.
I figured as much because PSP has one, but I couldn't remember for sure.
Anyway, speaking of the browser, they are testing the online service, or I should say it's rumored that they are beta testing the online service right now.
And this, I don't know how reputable this is, but this is according to a poster on the MacRumors forum.
I have problems with that right there.
Anyways, who has fairly reputable history when it comes to Nintendo related information, saying that the beta test is running from September 18th until October 23rd, and the test will be covering the Wii Connect 24, Virtual Console, and other online features.
Right. Okay, so they're beta testing the online service. Great. That's something that they need to do. Since the console is coming out pretty soon.
Yay for MacMan.
What?
I'm the only Mac fangirl in the house, so I have a Mac.
No, that's not true. I like Macs. I have a Mac.
I'm getting my, um, did you see the 24-inch iMacs?
The bigger the better.
Why do you need them that big?
For art?
I'm being told that that's not a rumor and that's the truth, apparently.
They're the 24-inch widescreen iMac.
Are you compensating for something?
No, I have no.
My internet penis knows no bounds.
Moving on, another question that still is up for debate right now, we have not really gotten a clear answer on this story, and it has to do with the region free.
Is the damn thing going to be region free or not?
It seems to be that it's America versus the rest of the world, I mean Nintendo of America versus Nintendo of the rest of the world, debating on whether the damn thing is going to be region free or not.
Basically what happened is that, ok, Perrin Kaplan, who is the VP of Marketing and Corporate Affairs, she said that yes, like the Nintendo DS, the Wii is going to be free.
But then, I believe some guy from Europe said that it is not going to be region free.
I guess to further say what Perrin was saying is that she was saying, well, first party games will be region free, but we'll leave it up to the third party folks what they want to do.
What the hell?
GameSpot ran this whole little rumor control thing, hey, we were in that once, about was it true or not.
They said that getting answers from Nintendo proved difficult during one of the company's busiest days of the year.
However, after a lengthy exchange of cryptic emails, a rep finally confirmed that Kaplan's words regarding regionless first party titles and potentially regionless third party titles was indeed correct.
The Wii will be region free.
So Nintendo of America is convinced the damn thing is going to be region free.
So I don't know why the rest of the world isn't on the same page.
I hope so because I want to get Wii Play and my first Wii.
And if something like, you know, Oh and Don comes out for the Wii, damn well I'm going to believe I want that shit.
But you know what though?
I have a feeling that even if it's not, we're going to get something like what came out on the GameCube.
The thing that basically overrode the region thing is swapped out the disk.
The freeloader.
The freeloader.
Using little hacks to do it.
Especially if Nintendo is letting you on the internet with their console.
You know what a huge fucking hole that's going to be, I bet, to hackers.
The whole thing about Nintendo is that theirs has been, all of their systems have been the easiest to play imports on.
You know, for Super Famicom games all you needed to do was find like an old gyromite.
Not for Super Famicom, but for Famicom you needed an old gyromite and you could plug it in.
Or with the Super Nintendo you break out two little tabs, plug it in.
With the Nintendo 64, they sold actually a little tool that you could unscrew and then you pop another tab, put it in.
Theirs were all physical lockouts until they started moving to a digital format.
And then with that it was still something as easy as loading a code.
It was like the Dreamcast, how easy that was.
And then I have a feeling that even if they go back and it's all region coded, they're still going to have some way to bypass that.
And I really don't think Nintendo's going to care.
They haven't cared before, really. Why should they really care?
Bobby Blackwolf's in our chat right now. He does his own show over on AllGames.com.
I'm sure if you've listened to this show for any length of time you've heard us pimp him before.
He ran the same story on his show tonight, except he was reading Joystiq's version of it.
And I guess Joystiq talked to Nintendo as well and they told him, no, it's not region free.
So, shit, even with Nintendo of America, they don't know.
So, we won't know until the damn thing comes out, it sounds like.
You know what, though, I'm still really, I can't be too upset about that because there's going to be a way.
Yeah, there'll be a way.
Even if Nintendo doesn't do something, even if we don't have a developer do something, there is going to be some importer on the net,
the same people who probably figured out how to do the seven swap trick on the old PlayStation, who will figure out a way to play it.
Well, it's just like the Xbox 360 games, there are some that come out that are region free and then you can import them.
You just won't know until they come out.
I guess it's one of those things they didn't think people were going to ask about.
What do you mean you want games from other regions? What the hell is wrong with you?
They know there are importers there.
I remember paying $125 for the Sailor Moon S fighting game back in 1995.
Because you're fucking sick.
And I mean that with lots of love.
This was when it was brand new and I had to pay import fees.
And I paid for it and I bought it and I played the hell out of it and sold it back used for $60 after two years.
But still, there are people out there who will lay down the money and will do what it takes to get their imports out.
Cool. Anyways, some of the news that was coming out of Japan was actually a huge list of games that they're going to be getting for the Wii.
I thought there was a lot of stuff that was very interesting in there.
Some of the titles, at least the highlights on there, some to be announced titles for example.
There's an action game and an action RPG that's being worked on from software.
A baseball game being worked on by Konami Digital Entertainment, so that might be interesting.
Bomberman Land.
Smash Brothers, which of course we knew was coming.
Disaster, also another Nintendo game.
Donkey Kong Tarou Jet Race, which is going to be coming out in 2007.
Dragon Quest Sword.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles The Crystal Bearer from Square Enix.
A new Fire Emblem game from Nintendo.
As well as Harry Potter from EA.
Mario Party 8, not a big surprise there.
Mario Strikers Charge, which had been previously announced.
This one I thought was very interesting.
Music Simulation Game, of course a working title from Konami Digital Entertainment.
So, very interesting there.
Of course, one of the things I was excited about, Simple Series is coming to the Wii.
So that's really cool.
And of course, The Dog Island by Yukez, which is going to be coming out in 2007.
Super Paper Mario confirmed to be coming out on the Wii, so that's pretty interesting.
A soccer game being worked on by Konami Digital Entertainment, maybe winning 11er Pro Evolution.
And then of course Pac-Man Carnival, sounds like a mini-game type of thing.
One Piece Unlimited Adventure, and of course, Wii Music.
I have to ask, what do you think the Konami game is?
I have a crazy ass theory.
What do you guys think?
You know, I don't know.
I got one more here, I don't know what this translates to.
You might know this one, Jamie.
What's it? Totsugeki Famicom Wars W.
I actually do not know what Totsugeki means.
Maybe someone in the chat knows.
Let me see.
Good job, Drunami!
Yeah, I was thinking, because I was like, that sounds familiar.
My thought, okay, the Konami music game, just bear with me on this.
Since it's probably something new for the Wii, I would bet this series is cute enough for Nintendo.
I bet it's going to be some twisted form of pop and music.
But not with a controller like we know it.
It's going to be like a different type of pop and music.
Theory.
Weird ass theory for me.
No, theory here.
Motion sensing controller.
Music game.
Drummania.
You think?
Actually, you know, they did have one of the demos at E3 was a drumming sim.
But isn't that Wii music thing supposed to be a separate game with the orchestra and that whole thing from Nintendo?
I don't think it has a drumming thing on there.
The Wii music is just the orchestra.
You know, Chatroom seems to think it's Para Para.
We're not going to get Para Para. The whole Para Para train.
Well, but wait, this isn't for us. It's Japan we're talking about.
I'm saying, Para Para is pretty much dead in Japan.
It was a fad that lasted for like, what, five years?
Maybe it's something new.
Maybe it's like gongoro dancing or something, I don't know.
Unfortunately, the gongoro did not die with the Para Para.
Mambo gogo?
Mambo gogo would be cool.
But anyway.
Well, speaking of other games, we have coming out for the Virtual Console, Hudson, who loves us so much.
We'll be bringing 30 titles over for Virtual Console.
Some of them will be available at launch.
They haven't listed exactly what.
My speculation is we will be probably getting the Adventure Island series.
Probably the various Bomberman's.
Those are two I definitely think are going to be up there.
And Bonk.
I think I definitely.
Well, especially if they're doing turbo graphics.
You cannot have turbo graphics without Bonk.
Or Air Zonk.
Or Air Zonk. That's another good one.
That's one that Junami suggested.
But I still want my Adventure Island.
Well, another company is talking about games.
Coming over to the Wii, actually this one kind of leaked out from the ESRB ratings board there.
We've got a listing for a bunch of different Wii titles for the Virtual Console.
Including Alter Beast, Columns, Echo the Dolphin, Golden Axe, Ristar, Sonic the Hedgehog, and Toejam and Earl.
All of which are getting an E rating.
Oh God, I can't wait to play Toejam and Earl again.
What do you think though about the whole $5, $8, $10 thing?
Do you think that's going to be worth it for those old games?
They didn't really say where Genesis and Turbo Graphics fits into that though.
They just said 500 points for the old games, 800 for the SNES, and 1000 for the later ones.
Nintendo 64.
I do though have to second something that was mentioned in the chat room.
Bob Coffee said we need to get Dracula X.
We have to get one of our biggest Nintendo fans on the Skyline right now because he's dying to comment on some of this.
He knows a few things that we don't and we're going to see what we can get out of him here on the show.
DMN, are you on the line?
Yeah, you got your $20 bills out?
Why, are you going to dance?
Maybe.
Did you dress up for this phone call?
Wait, what?
Did you dress up for this phone call?
He's dressed sexy for episode 200.
I'm actually not wearing any clothes right now.
Alright, we got all types of wheeze on tonight's program.
DMN, I know you're dying to comment on this.
What do you think about all this news this week and now you can actually talk about some of the things you couldn't before I'm sure.
Yeah, a few things.
One of the things I want to say is this is the most excited I've been for a console launch since about Nintendo 64.
I would agree with that except I would go as far back to say I have not been this excited about a console at launch, keeping those words in mind, at launch since Super Nintendo.
Yeah, that's another one.
What I want to say about the Wii is having had a chance to dabble playing it a little bit, we did have a little demo thing over the week for all Nintendo employees.
It's incredibly fun.
Elibits looks amazing.
Got a chance to try a demo of WarioWare which is amazing. It's really fun.
What else can I do?
Madden 07, I got to play a couple plays of that and that may be the most fun anybody will have with a sim sports game ever.
Are you biased because you're on Reggie's payroll?
No.
No?
Swear to me?
I'm getting a 360 at some point. I'm just not getting a PS3.
So you're in the Wii 60 camp?
Yes.
Fair enough. Well, what else? Anything else you can tell us about the Wii? Maybe? Little bits? Little hints?
I'm trying to see what I can-
I don't want to get you fired so I understand if no.
There's not really anything else I can talk about because I know just about as much as you guys do in some aspects, but there's some things I can't talk about because of obvious reasons.
Right.
That's about it.
Okay. Well, that's cool. We'll take your word for it because you've probably seen the Wii more recently than any of the rest of us.
So you actually got hands on with Elibits because I saw it at the Konami thing, but I didn't get to play it really because all the Corp casts were hogging the shit out of it and we weren't really able to get on it.
I will say right here and now it will be a Katamari Damacy killer.
Oh, I don't know about that. I don't know about that.
We'll put money on that with you, Rob.
Loki, you saw this too? You think Elibits is the Katamari killer?
I don't think so.
No.
I don't think so.
It's fun. It's going to appeal to the same type of people.
Yeah, I think it's going to appeal to the same crowd, but I don't think it will sell nearly as many copies.
No, they do need to release Katamari for it, though.
They do.
Yeah, it will be interesting.
But it won't be the same guy because he said he's not doing any more Katamari.
I guess that's true. Who cares?
Just hoard it.
What makes you think that Elibits is a Katamari killer?
Just how incredibly fun it was. It was easy to just pick up and play. It took me maybe 30 seconds just to get used to what I was doing and it was clockwork from there.
It felt just as fun as a Katamari game and just as simple.
Isn't that how most Wii games are designed, though, that you just kind of pick it up and go?
Yeah. Absolutely.
Basically, for those who don't know, Elibits is basically a game where, let's say you're playing Half-Life 2 in just a random part of the neighborhood and the only thing you have is the gravity gun.
That's pretty much what it is.
Interesting.
Will I be able to sell a Wii to my mom?
If you want.
I mean, is this really the type of console that's going to appeal to everyone, you think?
Oh, absolutely. I've actually been telling my own mother about it who absolutely loves video games and she actually even seemed interested in trying it when I bought it.
So, I think that this is the direction that gaming needs to go. We need to be more part of the game rather than, you know, I don't want top-notch graphics. I don't want incredibly difficult controls. I just want a game I can pick up and play and enjoy and have fun with.
Okay. Interesting.
That's why we're not seeing it as much as the 360 and from what Sony's doing, it's just not looking like it.
Alright. But what do you think might happen with Sony in a year? Because remember, the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 launches, I think, for people who play the same type of games we do, you know, we're not really in the we buy Madden games the day they come out camp.
And granted, there's a great fan base for that and I'm not knocking that if that's what you're into.
But do you think that maybe for us who are more of the, you know, we like to play quirky music games and Japanese RPGs camp, do you think that Sony might win us over in a year?
Because I truly believe it right now that Sony may be able to schniggle a price drop and some great games in a year that, you know, don't count PS3 out.
I'm trying to be as open-minded as possible about this.
I definitely wouldn't count Sony out. It's just the price that's killing them. I think if they release a Final Fantasy and a Kingdom Hearts, yeah, absolutely, those are going to sell PS3s.
I know tons of people who if Kingdom Hearts 3 comes out, they will drop what they're doing and go buy a PS3.
Chris? Chris is nodding her head. That's me. That's me.
Alright, DM, we got to let you go because we got to get to our next round of DDR sneak peeks, but thanks so much for calling in. We appreciate it.
Oh, one more thing. One more thing. While we're talking about the Wii, you all need to listen to Orange Lounge Radio on November the 19th because I will be in studio with a Wii to give to somebody.
And the other thing, I've got, well, since he couldn't share some info about the Wii, I figured I could.
Why? What do you know that he doesn't, or that he can't share?
I have some release dates.
Oh, insider release dates. This should be interesting. That's awesome. That's a great surprise. So you're going to be here in studio with us November 19th. That's something Loki Dark Soccer didn't even know.
I did too. He mentioned it before.
I mentioned there was going to be middle.
Well, so much for surprise, but you're going to be here and giving that away live on air. That should be awesome.
Yeah, I look forward to it.
Thanks so much. You're a true fan, DM. We love you.
Alright, take care guys.
Bye.
What do you know on release dates?
Well, as we know, there's only really two Nintendo first-party titles that are launching with the Wii in the United States, including Excite Truck and, of course, Zelda Twilight Princess.
However, shortly afterwards, we will be getting the next in first-party games, which will be WarriorWare Smooth Moves, which is coming to us on January 16th, 2007.
The other thing, which is very interesting, as I mentioned before, Sonic the Secret of the Rings, of course, not a launch title, also confirmed by the launch games that were coming out.
It is in the launch window, I guess, but it's coming out March 7th, 2007.
So lots of big stuff coming from Sega in March, and I'll get to that a little bit later.
And, of course, Super Paper Mario delayed on the GameCube until the 15th of December, possibly on the Wii in the United States. I don't know.
Kind of foggy on that.
Interesting. Alright.
Well, I think that about covers all the Wii news we wanted to do tonight, so now I want to go around to everybody, our guests included, and I want to ask you guys, what do you think now, after all this news?
Are you sold on the Wii? Were you disappointed with the news you heard this week, or are you happy with the news you heard this week?
Is Nintendo going to win the next round of the console wars? What do you think? We'll start it off with Drew. Drew Nami, what do you think?
Well, personally, I've been sold on the Wii since the E3 announcements, but I know there's a lot of anti-Nintendo people out there, but despite all that, I think Nintendo's got the routine down pat.
Do one thing, do it really well, do it with innovation. I think they're definitely going to score second, if not first, in the console wars for this generation.
Loki. The only disappointment I have is that it's not coming out sooner. The price is fine, because I figured that's about the price I was going to pay for it anyways, and I know I've got to buy lots of accessories for it, because I take this thing to work, I play with my friends, and I've got to have enough controllers for everybody, because they're broke asses.
So, that's fine. The only thing I'm just worried about is that I want to make sure I get one on launch. That's my only concern right now, and I'm trying to cover my bases with that.
I do like what they've got coming out as far as games and stuff. I think we're going to see a lot of really cool, innovative things with it. I'm very interested to see these Wii channels. I don't really give a crap about the news too much, but some of the stuff is pretty cool, like the photo channel is pretty neat.
Some quick chat comments, then we'll get Chris's feedback. Knights in our chat says, the two weeks when Gears of War, the PS3, and the Wii come out, I will feel sorry for everyone at GameStop and EB Games.
Anoush in our chat says, I think Sony is going to make it again, but I have no problem with Nintendo, I'll buy a Wii 2, but Sony comes before Microsoft for me. Chris, what are your thoughts?
I don't really get sold on games or the systems that they come with too easily. It's now in school, but I don't know if I'm going to get one at launch, just because I'm really picky about the games that I do have.
Just getting the PS2, which is the only one I've got so far, and some Game Boys, but even that, that took Kingdom Hearts to go get. It's got to be a good game for me to go get it, so I probably won't get it at launch, but it sounds really good, and I'm sure you're going to hear me talk about it constantly, so I'll get enough news from it.
Here's the thing, my big thing about the Wii. The vibe I get from the Wii is the same vibe I get from thinking about playing Castle Crashers, or old arcade games like the 4-player coin-op games. That kind of vibe, where it's fun, you have your friends over, you put some chips on the table or something, you all play a fun game together. That's the kind of vibe I get from it.
Quick chat comment, then we'll get my thoughts, and then Dark Sakura. Bob Coffee says in our chat, I think Nintendo's got it. Sony's just making too many mistakes. The real battle will be here in North America.
My thoughts, you know, not since the original 8-bit Nintendo has a word penetrated the general population of America to mean video games, such as Xerox means copies, Kleenex means tissue. I do believe what Nintendo is going for with this is that they are going to make Wii the new word for video gaming.
And I think they definitely have the potential to do that. I think they've got enough with this system set up so that, you know, it's going to appeal to everyone. I mean, you can just pick this thing up and go.
I do know people that are turned off by Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 because it's just, you know, too many buttons, too damn many buttons, too much to do. And I think this is going to be the one that sells it to the families.
I think for the hardcore of hardcore gamers, there's another battle that's going to be fought there between 360 and PS3. But I think this is what Nintendo wants. Nintendo is trying to go after the casual gamer, and I think they're going to get it.
And I think the Wii, if not going to be number one, is going to be damn close. And I don't think they're going to sit in third place anymore.
But again, and I might be stealing a little bit of Jamie's thunder here, I'm sorry, but I love this quote. I have to say it. A system is only as good as the games that are on it, and if Wii doesn't continue to impress with good, solid games, I don't want to see no lull like we did on the DS.
And it looks like they're trying to avoid that because they have games planned out through March of 2007 that are all pretty solid titles.
But as long as we consistently are getting new games that keep our interest, I think Wii's got the potential to do amazingly.
Dark Soccer, your thoughts?
First of all, just to go back to what you were saying about Xerox, I remember there being an ad back in the 80s where Xerox would say this is not a generic, please don't use this as a generic.
Nintendo is on its way to having their entire corporate name being used as a generic term for games, and in terms of business, that hurts them.
So I disagree with that, just after what I've studied in business law.
But I do agree, though, that they have been the big innovators. I wanted a Wii when it was a revolution. There's never been a doubt that if Nintendo puts out a system, I am going to own it.
Nintendo could put out a cardboard box and call it the Pooh, and I would buy it.
Jamie, you're gullible. Have I ever told you that?
I am not. If it's Nintendo, it's going to be good. They've always put out quality products.
Pooh is not good.
It was an example. I didn't mean to buy Pooh.
All right. Well, those are our opinions. Take them or leave them.
We'd love to hear your opinions as well, not only in our chat room, but at our email bag, mailbag at orangelandrado.com.
And we'll be getting to some of those emails in Part B.
But for right now, we're going to shift gears here completely.
We've been running a promotion here on Orange Lounge Radio called the DDR Sneak Peaks.
We're going to take a first look at new tracks that are going to be in DDR UltraMix 4 and DDR Universe.
Tonight we have a special version of the DDR Sneak Peaks, and tonight we're going to be checking out some of the new power courses.
Well, at least we're going to check out one. We can only really play one of them in full for you guys because they're kind of long.
But we're going to check out a power course, and it's from the game DDR UltraMix 4 that's going to be out for the Xbox a little later this year.
It is songs that are mixed together, and they will have steps that go with it.
This is very reminiscent of, for those of you guys that played DDR Solo, any of those games.
You remember how they had songs that were mixed together and had a custom step set that went with it?
Well, that's what these are. They're bringing that back in these new games, UltraMix 4 and Universe.
And tonight, we're going to debut one of these power courses for you right now.
This one is from DDR UltraMix 4. It is Power Course number 2. It's the Stargaze Mix by DJ Nagi. Enjoy.
And it's from DDR UltraMix 4. It's the Stargaze Mix by DJ Nagi. Enjoy.
I lost a fragment of myself, made me understand what I'd become.
Falling like I always did, made me take control.
Found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
My heartbeat rather found its place.
Understand me now, listen to the words I'm saying, baby.
I found the ghost, and it keeps me hanging on.
My heartbeat rather found its place, and it keeps me hanging on.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, losing touch, leaving me to find what I had lost.
DJ Nagi here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
I found the weakness, leaving me to find what I had lost.
Thank you for watching!
