Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 201 for this September the 24th of 2006.
And we've got a case of the giggles, sorry about that, but that's part of our live segment that you can only hear when you listen to us live.
Sorry podcast fans, we have to do something special for the live listeners, whether it be here on orangeloungeradio.com or allgames.com.
Anyway, we're going to get back into the news now, however, and I'm going to start off this segment of news.
Last week we had a crap load of Wii news, and we have a wee bit of Wii news this week,
and one of them is a country launch we didn't get to last week,
but here at Orange Lounge Radio we want to recognize all the countries around the world that do gaming.
One of them is New Zealand.
New Zealand has had their Wii launch date revealed and some of the details.
The console will be coming to New Zealand on December 7th.
Wii Sports will be a pack-in game, just like here in the US.
It will cost $499 New Zealand dollars, which translates to about 261 euros, 330 American dollars.
So, by the way, New Zealand is actually having to pay a little bit more than Australia for that.
Doh. Doh.
But at least you're getting the console relatively early and not getting the shaft on release date,
so, you know, at least that's some consolation, I hope?
I guess.
Does it just strike me funny that consolation is almost a pun?
Consolation, yeah.
Anyways, some of the news we actually talked about a while back was how the Wii wasn't going to have a digital audio out port,
and we were wondering why that, you know, I think I made the point that that wasn't really important.
Well, in the case now, it really isn't important because we found out that only,
that we will only be supporting Dolby Pro Logic 2 technology.
So, you know, you can just use your standard, you know, red and white audio cables for that kind of stuff.
But I guess it's cool that it has some sort of quasi-surround sound to it.
I mean, not that it really needs too much since it has, you know, the speaker and the controller,
which I guess that they could use for some semi-surround sound, but whatever.
I mean, it's not a surprise when the game isn't, you know, HD, you know, really anyways.
Maybe it's just me, and let me go out here on a limb,
and I'm sure to piss somebody off with this, you know, thing I'm about to say, but whatever.
It's my view.
I don't really get all like, oh, gosh, the sound in this game was so crystal clear, amazing.
Wow, when I shot that guy in the face, I could really hear that in full, you know, 31.11 surround super uber Dolby sound or whatever.
Maybe that's just because I have a pretty shitty surround system in my house, like it's probably like 10 years old, it's old.
But I don't, like, I'm more big on what's the music and, you know, the stuff that you don't have to have the huge boom systems for.
You don't really need this kind of stuff to be fully immersed into the game anyways.
No, I disagree.
Okay, please.
After having played games in surround sound?
Oh, hell yeah, especially for anything that's scary where you, those little side noises are going to,
especially since you've got your speaker in the Wii controller, having that full surround sound.
Okay, do you want to go see your movie in just mono, or do you want to see it in surround sound?
Well, I mean, it depends.
If I'm watching a comedy, it doesn't really matter.
If you have the capability to play it in surround sound, don't you want the full effect?
It is kind of weird, though, that it does have a, you know, a speaker in the controller, you know,
because they're trying to make it more kind of immersive, and yet they're not supporting, like, immersive sound.
I don't know, I just, let me phrase it this way, I've just, I've never had a crappy sound system take the game experience away from me, I guess.
Maybe I've just played the wrong games on those uber surround systems.
Like, I really haven't played a lot of survival horror on those systems, so maybe I'm just not playing the right games, I don't know.
I don't know.
It could be the game.
Well, if it isn't much of a surprise, of course, the same info came out this week that Dolby is also going to be providing the sound technology for the PlayStation 3,
including Dolby Digital's 5.1 surround, and you better believe that they're going to be pushing this crap.
Sony will also be supporting Dolby's TrueHD sound for decoding up to 7.1 channels for playback of movie titles in the Blu-ray Disc format and probably games.
So, I think that's kind of interesting, you know, that they're supporting this technology.
They're probably going to be pushing those wonderful Sony 7.1 systems now so you can get your 7.1 system and your 1080p, you know, plasma screen TV and spend uber money on stuff that you probably don't need.
Screw that, if you want something good, get a Harman Kardon and Bose surround speakers.
No contest.
That's what we've got in my house.
Anyway, something that actually is cool for some if you manage to get in on it and not so cool for others, Amazon has sold out of pre-orders for the Wii.
Yep. No more.
So, go to your GameStop and wait until they do pre-orders.
Well, how long was that up? An hour? Two hours?
We probably had to shut that off pretty quick.
It wasn't. It was about a couple of hours, and the reason why they stopped pre-orders is because they don't have their allocations yet.
They all know what they're getting, so they're going to restart pre-orders once they figure that out.
But it was kind of an error, I guess, on taking the pre-orders right now.
Well, I can tell you right now, at least as far as I've last asked, GameStop's not taking pre-orders on them yet.
Yeah, I've been calling them every day.
I ask my husband every day.
Do they know you by name when you call them?
No, they don't, but I always preface the call with, I'm sorry to ask this, but, you know, because I'm sure they get to call like 700 calls.
Don't you think news will hit the internet when they're going to start taking pre-orders?
Yeah, but I want to know first because I don't want to hear it from second hand because then people already know and they're already there.
I'd rather call them right when they open up and say, hey, are you taking pre-orders?
Okay, I'll tell you this.
As soon as I find out when GameStop is taking pre-orders, we will have an announcement.
So, as soon as I can actually say something.
You think we'll be able to beat some of the big boys to it? I don't know.
Maybe.
We'll see. All right.
As soon as I hear all the drama that goes on.
Oh, you should share some of that drama with us.
I can't share some of the drama.
Damn, what kind of radio is that?
All right.
Well, one thing that's causing a little bit of drama, as you know, last week we talked about, oh, the Wii is region-free.
Oh, it's not region-free.
It's free. It's not free.
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.
Well, it looks like there are plenty more votes for not region-free.
In fact, representatives from Nintendo of America confirmed to 1UP.com earlier this week that the Wii will be region-encoded by territory.
Wah, wah.
Which means, unfortunately, if you want to play Japanese Wii games, you will have to purchase a Japanese Wii or wait for a hack.
It will be there.
It will either be a physical one or something as simple as a disc.
Because it seems to me that if this is like a last-minute decision by them, that it's going to be something half-assed for the region protection.
I don't see.
I really don't see why they're putting so much effort into it since they've never really given half a crap before because it's always been something easy.
And, anyway, Nintendo, if you're listening, Reggie, if you're listening to our podcast, why?
You know what?
And here's evidence, if Nintendo is listening to this, here's evidence that region-free will work.
Elite Beat Agents, I will bet you anything that game sells like hotcakes.
Why?
Because so many people purchased the import version and have let their friends play it that I bet that game is going to sell like crazy.
Wouldn't have happened if you didn't have the region-free DS.
That wouldn't have happened.
I bet you Elite Beat Agents possibly wouldn't have even come out here.
It would make more sense to have the universal launch, have the same games come out except for the really crappy American-centered games and the really quirky Japanese-centered games.
I think that region coding is pretty much going to shoot them in the ass.
It hasn't worked yet.
It's interesting because some folks in the chat room are saying, you know what?
I still don't believe it.
You know, so what if this big, foofy website called their rep at Nintendo?
Reps have been wrong before.
Interesting.
So I guess there is a little bit of hope that perhaps this system could possibly still be region-free.
I hope so.
Reggie, if you're listening, I love you, dude.
Please make it region-free.
I don't think, well, it would be nice, but I don't think they will.
I don't know.
We'll see.
But anyways, one thing I am hoping to see on the Wii would be Grand Theft Auto.
And now the news coming out that Take-Two is planning on bringing M-rated games to the Wii.
That makes me happy because what are they known for as far as, you know, big games?
Cutesy, Ellabits, and Pokemon.
No, no, no.
It's Grand Theft Auto.
Oh, wait.
No, I'm sorry.
I thought you were talking about Nintendo.
Nintendo is usually known for the Cutesy games.
There is nothing I want more in this world to be able to beat a hooker with a Wiimote.
That is going to be the...
Beat me to it.
I will be able to die after doing that.
I probably will.
What they need to add is like, you know, the pimp slap with the Wiimote.
I mean, it will be just awesome.
I cannot wait for, you know, them to actually put out something.
Although they're probably going to bring out fucking table tennis for the...
Hey, now wait a minute.
Table tennis with the Wii-Con could be pretty rad.
Don't knock it until you've tried it.
That might be kind of fun.
I want table tennis extreme where I can take off people's heads with the fucking ball.
That'd be cool.
We need freaking wire work ping pong.
It reminds me of...
Or you could do clips and shit with the ball.
I don't know.
But, you know, I'm glad at least they're opening it up for Emorata Games to hopefully remove
this kind of, you know, impression that Nintendo was only for kids.
Because I think this console will be a lot better if they just get past that
and publishers realize, okay, this is going to appeal to everybody.
Including people that like to beat hookers with a stick.
GS191 in our chat room says,
Oh great, hot coffee mod with Wiimote functionality.
What do you do?
Stroke the Wiimote?
Does it have a sensor on the side?
I don't think it has a sensor for that.
No, they'll have an attachment.
They'll have, like, the dildo attachment.
Gross!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'm sorry, after the movie we saw last night, I'm not even going to go there.
I took Jamie to see a very perverse movie last night.
That's all we'll say.
Let's change our tone here a little bit because this room's getting a little bit too giggly for me.
And I think we need to bring on some anger.
What do you think, DarkSakura?
That's right, here it comes.
My first F.U. of the week.
It's actually a very serious matter.
I found out today that my cousin-in-law died from AIDS.
He developed pneumonia, fell into a coma two weeks ago, and they pulled life support today.
So I'd just like to say a big F.U. to communicable diseases and people who don't take proper precautions.
I don't know if that was his case, but I'm just saying everybody just please make sure either do it safely or don't do it at all.
Take the proper precautions.
Sorry to hear that.
My F.U. of the week goes to a local church nearby here.
There was a story that came out that basically the city has told them that they cannot have their Christian rock bands come in anymore.
They have this thing going on during the weekend called Club Retro or something like that where they have bands come in and stuff and they worship and whatever crap they do.
So this has been going on for years now and they've received numerous complaints because they are too noisy.
So they have filed basically this thing saying that you're running a nightclub in this church and this area is not zoned for a nightclub.
Plus you are being too noisy and there's too much problem with littering.
You guys are praying too loud.
Exactly and so they are doing this silent protest in front of the church saying that this is unfair that they are taking away their right to worship.
I say they are fucking retarded because they know exactly why they are not able to have these rock bands.
It's because they are running basically like a fucking nightclub.
It's pretty clear cut why.
It's because they are too fucking noisy.
You can worship without having a fucking rock band.
There are churches out there that do that right now.
You don't have to make a lot of noise for God to hear you, okay?
Exactly.
If you are worshiping someone who is omniscient and omnipresent, you can go, thanks God, and God will hear you.
True.
You can raise a joyful noise unto the Lord but don't do it to where your neighbors wake up.
I would like nothing more for them to lose their ability to actually have this rock band that would make me so super happy.
And that's probably what's going to happen.
Go government!
Wow. We should get some emails on that one.
My FU of the week, I was going to do this big old thing but I'm just going to pass this week because I'm mad at a lot of things but it's really none of your business.
So that's it.
And finally, I'm sorry, I had to step in here real quick.
Fuck you Microsoft for your crappy vision camera because I cannot focus this thing for...
I bet you it's just defective.
It's just crap.
Alright.
First of all, this is a gaming related FU.
FU to the fucking stealth segments in Dirge of Cerberus.
I fucking hate it when an otherwise good action game suddenly lapses in this forced stealth segment.
Fuck it.
It sucks.
I hate stealth games.
I will never be good at a stealth game.
So why force me into these stealth segments?
And second of all, FU2, the current arcade management at the local country of complaint.
I went there yesterday with Dark Studios and Chatroom.
They had no less than five machines out of order including In the Groove and several racing games.
They need to get this shit fixed and they don't, it's turning into the next Roseville Golf Land around here.
And it fucking sucks.
Fix your damn machines.
What's the point of running an arcade if half your damn machines are going to be broken?
Flash the lights.
Do you wonder why arcades are dying in America?
You guys make me cry.
Alright.
Let's get back into the gaming news, shall we?
Sure, and we have some news for our UK listeners.
The PAL version of Final Fantasy XII will be out in early 2007.
In the US, of course, the release date is October 31st.
But I think it's funny.
There's a quote by the Square Enix CEO of Europe, John Yamamoto,
saying that it looks set to become one of the crowning glories of PlayStation 2.
That makes me laugh.
Because I don't really think that Final Fantasy XII is all that fantastic.
The battle system is kind of bizarre.
However, you can probably see videos of it online.
You play through as a princess and some dude hanging out with her to try to rescue their home.
It's called Active Battle...
That's the exact same plot of Enchanted Arms right now, actually.
I swear to God, it is.
It has a real-time exploration and this active dimension battle thing.
Basically, you have this big line that comes from you to whatever your target is, and it's really stupid.
And then your command screen pops up, and you can do that.
You can switch your targets.
No, it doesn't work.
I liked it, FYI.
I tried really hard to give it a chance.
And I'm going to get the game.
But I also loved Final Fantasy XI, and you thought you were going to go crazy.
I gave Final Fantasy XI a chance.
You did.
Did I make it to level 24 white mage?
You did. I know.
But you do talk a lot of shit about Final Fantasy XI.
At least you tried it. I'll give you that.
I have room to talk shit about people who abuse their white mages.
White mages are people, too.
Heal, please.
Fuck you.
Heal, please.
Port, please.
No, no, no, no, no.
Because, see, my last party, I got revenge.
I let our tank die, and then I killed all the critters because I was subbing black mage.
You are a healbot.
No, I'm not a healbot.
I am a black mage in disguise.
Heal, please.
Shut up.
Regen, please.
That is why I will not play Fortnite.
That is why I will not play priests in Ragnarok.
At least with a priest in Ragnarok, you can do random teleports and drop people in glassheim.
Okay, okay.
I've got to agree with you on that.
When I played Ragnarok Online with you, what did I say to everyone?
I don't heal. I'm a battle alkalite.
Yep.
And now you can actually take monk.
Yes, and that fucking kicks ass.
I am no one's healbot.
I'm going to start playing Ragnarok again because I have my level 50-something assassin.
I remember her.
Well, have fun.
Meanwhile, I'll be playing Final Fantasy XII before all our fans in Europe might have had.
Sorry, guys.
And I'll still be playing World of Warcraft after my whole turnout wears off.
You are a TA.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Did I not say in part A that I went back to WoW?
I haven't touched Final Fantasy XI in two weeks, so Shane's very mad at me for that.
So, give me that.
And then I'm going to play Final Fantasy XII.
I'm going to play it before our British friends.
Sorry, guys, but I just can't wait any longer.
I'll let you all know how it is, though.
Yeah, that's it.
Well, damn, Rob.
Where MMOs are concerned, you can't do anything without pissing someone off, can you?
That means you're a bipolar MMO-er.
I guess.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Right?
All right.
Here's...
You know what's interesting?
I love Final Fantasy so much, yet I still have not watched Final Fantasy VII Advent Children.
I don't know why.
I just can't frickin' sit down for an hour and a half to watch it.
This you must do.
Well, anyway, actually, what's been going on is that at a Tokyo game show, Square Enix
has revealed a new version of Final Fantasy VII Advent Children with the subtitle,
Complete is going to be released.
It's kind of like a director's cut.
There's going to be a higher resolution coming to Blu-ray, because this is going to be a
PlayStation 3, so it's going to be very sexy.
Very, very sexy.
Square Enix is also going to add some scenes and make some changes to existing scenes.
One new scene that was shown during the trailer was that Sephiroth was impaling Cloud and
hoisting him over his head while his Mazamune was still embedded inside of him, kind of
like Final Fantasy VII on the PlayStation 1.
Hmm.
Should be interesting.
You teases.
I know.
Now I have to find somebody who owns a Blu-ray player, or camp out and watch it at Best Buy,
or something on the TV there.
That's awesome.
I can't wait to see that.
Anyways, there's one thing we talked about last week, which was the Kingdom Hearts final
mix.
That is actually going to be including a PlayStation 2 remake of Chain of Memories in it as well.
So you will be able to get some nice Chain of Memories action going on.
I can tell from experience, by the way, that Chain of Memories on the Game Boy Micro is
a pain in the ass.
But now you can play it on PlayStation 2, nice and big and huge and all that good stuff.
I can play it on my macro and play it at work, I mean at school.
It says the game is going to feature full 3D graphics as well as some event cut scenes
that will feature the voices in Japanese, not English.
They were kind of scarce on the details about the additions to it.
That's kind of interesting though, the whole chains of memories being included thing.
I think that's pretty cool.
I actually dig Axl's Japanese voice, so hey, I'm all over that.
But Sega loves us, at least.
Sega of America.
No they don't.
They haven't put out Jambo Safari.
Hey, you know what?
They're bringing us Shining Force EXA to PS2.
Alright, I guess I can give them that.
I love Shining Force, I have the old ones.
It's my new background at work.
There's a screenshot from Shining Force EXA.
I need a Jambo Safari background.
Chairman, please assist.
It's going to be an action RPG.
It's going to be taking more of a strategy lean, although they're not giving any major
specifics on that.
And there is no release date yet announced.
But it's Shining Force, hey, Shining Force is awesome.
Alright, well, one thing that's not so awesome is the lawsuit, especially when you're on
the receiving end.
And this week, the Ant Commandos have been on the receiving end of a lawsuit.
The Ant Commandos are a California based company that sells Guitar Hero peripherals, specifically
a wireless guitar controller.
Well guess what, Red Octane has come in and sued their asses.
Red Octane is not happy about the unrepentant unlicensedness.
Defendants have copied the packaging of plaintiff's products and have used plaintiff's trademarks
and copyrighted material in its packaging and advertising of its own products in an
effort to cause confusion among consumers.
Now, you can't help but go, didn't Red Octane start as a DDR pad manufacturing company?
However, I will say this, at one point, didn't Konami officially recognize Red Octane as
like their, you know, their cool, we recognize them as like a pad manufacturer?
I want to say at one point they did.
On top of that, Red Octane didn't.
I'm almost positive, until In the Groove came out, then all bets were off.
Red Octane also didn't actually go and use the official DDR logo on their product.
They didn't say, we are doing this for Konami, the Konami logo didn't show up anywhere on
there.
I've seen these wireless guitar controllers and I played one and it's complete ass.
So if I were Red Octane and this company is going out using our, you know, logo and our
name and putting out this, you know, utter crap product, I would definitely sue.
And the other side of it is just stupid too, because I'll, Rob, you had more to that.
Yes, I will.
Kage in our chatroom, I just wanted to say, made it funny.
I heard they hired Edgeworth to rep the prosecution side.
Objection!
Objection!
Not even von Karma can make that argument work.
Well the Ant Commandos were not going to take this lying down, and with a name like Ant
Commandos, you wouldn't expect them to.
Don't they sound pretty hardcore?
They sound like a shitty indie band.
Well the Ant Commandos actually have counter-sued Red Octane and given this timeline as their
proof.
1999, Topway Electrical Appliances, a part owner of TAC, patents the magical guitar controller
for Konami's Guitar Freaks.
The design had five fret buttons, very similar to what Guitar Hero has now.
2001 to 2004, the CEO of Red Octane as well as the sales manager made several visits to
a Topway factory in China and inquired about the magical guitar controller.
From 2001 to 2004, Red Octane purchased several hundred magical guitar controllers, and in
2005, Red Octane releases Guitar Hero with a controller that looks exactly like the magical
guitar.
Hold it.
I can't say that because they licensed the body shape for their guitars from Gibson.
Hold it.
I see a little bit of a flaw here.
Why would you make a guitar controller with five fret buttons for a Guitar Freak which
only has three?
Well, you remember, they did.
Hold on.
Red Octane did.
They had five button controllers out before they ever announced Guitar Hero and people
were speculating that when Guitar Freaks V was first announced that possibly one of the
upgrades that was going to be in it is that it was going to be five buttons.
Don't you remember this?
Because Red Octane sold five button controllers for quite a while.
I never understood why they did that either.
Now we don't.
I don't know if it was arcade only though, but I think there was an MCO arcade guitar
game.
I went digging through their Japanese site one time and found this in some type of keyboard
sim that they did too, but I didn't know if they ever had a home version of that.
If they did, then that makes sense.
Of course, if they had a home version of it, we would have heard of it.
Interesting.
Besides the fact that Red Octane used to make DDR pads, does anyone find this kind of funny
that they're using almost the same terminology as the whole in the groove DDR thing?
Yeah, but technically, is the thing against them?
That's technically Rockstar, but I think Red Octane may fall under that a little bit because
they distribute the home version.
I want to say they got pulled into some addendum.
It's been so long since we covered that case now and we haven't really heard a lot on it,
which is a little bit odd.
Yeah.
We should search the court doc system and see if anything new has come out recently
because there might have been a quiet settlement or something.
Who knows?
I think it would be very interesting if there was.
I don't know.
I'd like to thank the chat room for sending me various Jambo Safari pictures for use of
my background.
I appreciate that folks.
God, I love OLR chatters.
All right, well another thing we love is OLR emailers and every week you send your emails
to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura suits up in her asbestos suit and shiny rubber
gloves and digs in and pulls out a few of her favorite emails and she reads them to
you, like she's going to do right now.
Aren't you DarkSakura?
I had to break out the tongs this time.
Our first email comes from Eddie says, Hey, DarkSakura and Sky, as I have asked in chat
on the 200th episode, I would like to know where I can get some of the great music you
guys play on air.
I would certainly like to know of a legal way to purchase them if they can be found
in North America.
And I also would like to know of a way to obtain this music if importing it isn't a
viable option.
Thanks and congrats on hitting 200 jubilations.
Hooray.
All the best Eddie.
Wow.
A lot of the songs we play on our station, you can find, you know, since we do have that
Bobani history, you go to a lot of music game soundtracks and not just DDR2DX, I mean, of
course that's a big bulk of it, but you know, of course a lot of the music we're pulling
now is from, you know, Sony series like Parappa and things, you know, put up by Namco, like
Technic Beat, whatever, Katamari, you know, game soundtracks.
And sometimes you can find these at your local comic book store.
I found actually sells, at least the local one here now sells anime and video game import
CDs.
They've actually been selling them for quite a few years here.
Yeah.
And you know, you've also got conventions.
That's true.
Your conventions, you've got online ordering.
I've ordered a CDs through Amazon actually.
I ordered all my UK gorilla stuff on Amazon.
Another PS that's on here.
I'm going to Granville Island on October 3rd.
If you can tell me some details about the cookie shop, I would gladly purchase some
cookies for OLRs, the 200th gift, and buy some for myself.
All I remember is that the guy who sold it sold nothing but maple stuff, which I'm sure
in Canada, you know, is probably pretty common, sorry, but I just remember the guy was right
near an entrance.
He sold nothing but maple stuff and he had cookies were on one side and he would give
a free sample if you wanted it.
I'll take a picture of the box and put it on the forums.
How's that?
And that'll give you something to look for because I might still have the box somewhere.
Send us some if we pay shipping.
I just might.
I like maple cookies.
Yeah, maple's delicious.
I need something to remind me of Vancouver because I want to go back, but I'm poor.
We also had a nice article sent to us by Robway and it's On Planet Xbox 360, which came first
the violence or the video game.
It's a pretty big article and it goes into a lot of detail.
It's a freaking three-page article, but I would suggest our listeners, I'm going to
put it in the chat room, but everyone should go look on planetxbox360.com and I'd say look
for this article because it actually is a very good one.
I'm linking it in the chat room right now.
There it is.
Sweet.
As far as the next mail is concerned, kind of a long one.
Hooray, long emails.
This is actually from McFloyd.
It says, Dear OLR crew, I've been listening to your podcast for over a year and a half
now, so I thought it was really about time I expressed my thoughts on the show.
I mainly wanted to say that I really love the show.
Over the past two years, I've moved twice from Japan to the US to Switzerland because
my dad's a diplomat.
We have a one-year temporary posting in DC.
Needless to say, I have had to leave a lot of friends behind and it's really great having
something I can depend on through all of this chaos, a constant set of voices reassuring
me that if one thing can stay the same, life can resume being normal again.
Wow, that's really sweet.
Thank you.
I was in Tokyo for four years and unfortunately, I didn't take advantage of the fact that Tokyo
is the center of the gaming world, but now I'm in Switzerland, which is ridiculously
expensive and far, far away from being any kind of gaming center.
Now, as I begin high school, I'm getting more and more into video games and being here certainly
doesn't help.
You guys always have good advice, or almost always, and you really love the games, which
is very important.
I greatly depend on your podcast for most of my gaming news and for a source of entertainment
to and from school.
In the summers, the podcast helps me through lawn mowing jobs and throughout the year.
It's my favorite gaming podcast of the three that I listen to.
Thank you so much.
Wow.
This next part actually has a lot of good insight.
I wanted to comment on the gaming laws and people against video gaming.
You guys are completely right.
This is a violation of our First Amendment rights.
If this is a free country, people have to have the right to express themselves however
they want.
By banning one thing, issues for similar things will come up and from those issues from other
issues.
What about violent or sexually explicit movies or music?
Are we going to ban those things and make it illegal for a minor to possess them at
all or to view them?
The government has no right to control what we see, what we hear, what we do.
Also, as being allowed to buy violent video games to play them, what will they do instead?
I believe we'll end up with more violence in real life.
The adults who are trying to get these laws passed neither understand video games nor
see how video games are developing and are blindly scared of this new trend of kids playing
these games more and more.
Video games are actually becoming more and more active with such games as DDR, Guitar
Hero and the Wii controllers evolving from previous ideas.
Basically, the e-mail goes a little bit further into the educational games like Brain Age,
Civilization.
You're a fan of Civilization.
Good job.
Games that are helping.
I like this person a lot.
I'd say if you're going to high school and have this type of insight, I am looking forward
to see what you're like at a high school.
Well, consider what he said his dad does too.
He's a diplomat, so it's kind of interesting.
To me, that makes this insight especially interesting knowing that the dad is in this
very political position.
I like what's said here.
Adults should understand that this is just the new age of people and help children choose
games that are appropriate, active or even educational if need be helping them understand
the issues in the more violent games.
Video games are very different from what they experienced as children and learning by doing
is the best way, so video games have a huge potential in not only letting people have
fun, but in teaching the things that they'll remember much better.
The last paragraph, I'll just read that.
Finally, although this is just a little late, congratulations on your 200 episodes, so Loki,
Dark Sakura, Sky, keep up the great work and I'm looking forward to 200 more episodes.
We'll try.
If you're listening, I hope you are, I would actually like your permission to put this
one up on our forum.
Letter of the week.
And not just because they kissed our ass, but it helps.
It's a very well thought out email.
I have a question for anyone that's in the chat room that might have an Xbox Live Vision
camera.
Is it fucking blurry as mine is?
Because seriously, I cannot focus this thing no matter what kind of light is in the room,
no matter if it's trying to focus something far away, close, it does not matter.
It's so goddamn blurry.
Goddamn, here we are trying to say something nice about a listener and it all comes back
to me, me, me, me, me, doesn't it, Loki?
Yes it does.
You selfish ass.
I'm just curious.
I want this thing to work.
I do want it to work so I can play UNO and make funny faces at people and stuff like
that, but I can't do that until it's not blurry because I just look like a fucking ghost in
this thing, so that doesn't work.
And once again, SSG100Matt has said, Loki, it's your face.
It's not my face because I pointed at you too and you're still blurry, so...
I'm beautiful.
That's what you get for watching the videotape.
They say try to clean the lens, God punishing you because you're complaining about the praisers
at the church making a lot of noise.
But he was messing with that beforehand.
I don't understand how I can clean the lens seeing as I just opened this thing up.
I mean, how would it be dirty already?
Hey, email.
Email's nice.
Yes, email.
Hi, OLR.
Hi, listener.
This is from DNL.
Oh, okay.
We love you, DNL.
Thank you.
Happy episode 201.
I know that I didn't get a chance to wish you guys a happy 200, but the biggest part
of reaching a milestone is the aftermath, though I've only been on the show once live
at B3 when I met Rob for the first time.
Was that when me and Megumi decided to run away?
I think so.
B3 was this big DDR tournament that took place at Pier 39 in San Francisco, and this was
probably in about our second year of existence that we did the B3 thing.
We weren't quite to 100 yet, but we were definitely getting old.
Megumi and I were really hungry.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
Doing live radio coverage for two days straight takes a lot of talent that I'm not so sure
we all have because we... Seriously, I wish I had recordings of some of that old stuff,
and I just might somewhere, but I seem to recall there was one DDR tournament that we
covered that Loki ended up sitting in the back, and he's just going, yeah, so DDR tournament
going on, or somebody's sitting in the background, and I'm like, yeah, for hours, and I had a
cold, and I didn't... Oh, God, that was so funny.
That was a shaft.
Was it?
That was a shaft.
All right.
I hated it.
I was busy with the tournament and the fried Twinkies, but no, Megumi and I ended up leaving
the tournament, and by the way, not meaning to cut in on the email, I would also like
to give Megumi and her fiance a congratulations on their upcoming wedding.
Yay, weddings.
Congratulations for your engagement.
Yay, everybody getting married but me.
I make no comment.
Being married is not all it's cracked up to be.
Anyway, I've been listening on and off for three years, but started listening regularly
as soon as there was a podcast.
That's right from the very beginning, and Rob, he's so nice.
I had only seen him twice before both at competitions, but when we bumped into each other literally
at the Dear Friends concert before E3 2004, and he remembered my name and even introduced
me to the awesome VX Jason XV, the amazing mod, and then there was Roscoe's, but enough
with the reminiscing.
Cheers to another X amount of episodes.
Renee is just the cutest girl you'll ever meet.
I mean, she's adorable.
You need to come on the show, Renee.
I know you're listening.
You need to come on the show.
I just would put her in a box and bring her out for the show.
Oh, I'm here.
She's so cute.
I'm just kidding.
I wouldn't leave you.
Yeah, I put holes in it so you can breathe.
Because you're damn sure used to oxygen.
Just two more little ones.
Okay.
Hello, OLR.
My name is Thomas, and I'm a big fan.
I just wanted to say hello for the first time.
I live all the way in Belgium, so unfortunately I'm not able to listen to the live show.
Well, thank you for emailing us from all the way in Belgium.
Rad.
We love our international friends.
The last one is from Ranma.
Yes, Ranchan has decided to email us, so I'm going to go over the highlights of this email,
okay?
Hi, OLR.
Ranma here.
Isn't that how he also greets us on Skype?
I think so.
You're on the show too damn much, Ranma.
I don't know.
No, I'm kidding.
What's he got to say?
We love Ranma.
Oh, we do.
I truly enjoyed episode 200, and I listened to it again on my way to work last week, and
I just have to say that you, Jamie, are truly a voice in the female gaming.
I have had a few female gamers on my friends list, but you by far are the most vocal and
outspoken of them all.
That's just because I'm a bitch.
I truly respect you for that, and don't ever lose that edge of yours.
Oh, thank you.
Anywho, there are a couple of things I wanted to point out from a couple of past episodes
just in case I missed tonight's episode.
One, price of the Wii remote.
I don't know why people are angry over the price.
The standard Xbox 360 pad is $50, and I don't hear anyone complain about that one.
The Wii remote is more than just a controller.
It has more features than any other next-gen controller out there, and it's less expensive.
Two, techno DDR Heaven.
About two weeks ago, I was with my friends at South Street Seaport, and we heard some
techno music.
My friend Carmen said, is it wrong to think of DDR when hearing techno?
I replied, it's not wrong.
It's in the groove.
No, it's not wrong unless it's in the groove, and we laughed and got closer, and the song
was Heaven from DDR Max US 1, I think.
I figured you'd all get a laugh out of that.
That is pretty funny.
Three, Enchanted Arms Gay Voice.
Yes, Rob, I totally agree with that.
I was listening to a CAG cast, and they put clips of it, and the guy was so flaming gay.
To quote South Park, gay, totally gay, Liberace gay.
That was the one that they're trying to show me last night.
They have sunglasses on now.
With no disrespect, why is the cheap-ass gamer cast talking about that $60 game?
That ain't cheap.
That ain't a cheap game.
I'm just kidding.
Do what you want.
Do what you want.
FF12 Day.
I am excited about this, and I will be there as Black Mage.
I will take pictures for all.
Five, SNK New Hardware.
What SNK needs to do is make better hardware technology.
Every time they make a game on their normal equipment, in less than three weeks after
it's out, the ROMs of it are totally found online.
In my honest opinion, that's a major reason why they are losing money.
Yeah, true.
Although, I was one of the people that paid $390 for KOF 2000, but mmm.
Loki's I'm Staying In.
Thank you so much for playing that.
The song reminded me of how long I've been listening to you guys.
I truly thank Rai-Chan for telling me about you guys.
I'm surprised we didn't get more emails on that.
Thank God.
I would guess that I have been listening since episode 50 or so, and for a dial-up station,
that was a really good stream.
Back in the day, we were.
Seven, Dance Revolution.
After seeing it again, I say that it has already gotten old.
They had eliminated two teams.
The remaining three were doing new dance routines to the same techno dance beat as the first
episode.
What Dance Revolution needs is to allow teams to dance and choreograph songs from any of
the DDR games, and maybe, just maybe, let the Slumber Party Girls cover a B4U track.
Well, that's all for now.
I'll try to call in if I can.
If not, have a great episode 201, and by the way, wouldn't this be like the fifth season
of OLR Live?
Oh, and Rob Iami said that we can plan out SkyCon in October.
I'm still looking forward to that.
I think we kind of dropped the whole distinguishing seasons thing.
I can tell you that behind the scenes, we've been trying to iron out a new website, and
probably with that will come some very superficial type changes when it comes to art and logos
and things of that nature, but that won't be until probably the end of the year going
on into 2007.
But we know our website is not the best, so we kind of want to do what we can to make
it better.
Our website is special.
I mean, God, don't get me wrong, I mean, Jason's done so much work into it and stuff, but we're
just fine.
We're starting to realize the limitations of the software when it comes to what we want
to do aesthetically, and I think there's been talk behind the scenes that we want to take
our front page news in a real different direction.
So more to come on that by the end of the year.
Flaming Bozo told us we should be on XM.
That's very sweet.
We should.
Write XM and tell them that.
Tell XM to pick us up.
That's it for email.
Sweet.
Well, thank you, emailers.
Send us more.
Mail back at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
You guys rock.
And we'll let Rob read it all.
Well, there's some pretty cool stuff coming out from TokugameShow from Namco Bandai, and
it's about this game that used to be called Trusty Bell, or at least it's Trusty Bell
in Japan.
Japan, now it's coming over here as Eternal Sonata, which is a pretty cool looking RPG.
God, isn't this the one where you're like in Chopin's mind or something like that?
Yeah.
Oh, God, that game looks weird, but cool.
Yeah, so we'll be seeing that probably next year at some point.
I'm kind of glad they're having the faith to port that over, but I would like more information
on Blue Dragon US port, please.
Okay, thanks.
I want a remake of Blue Dragon.
How is Blue Dragon nowhere in our show world tonight?
Okay, I want to say something about Blue Dragon then, right now.
There were lines like 90 minutes long to see Blue Dragon over at the Tokyo Game Show, which
isn't a surprise.
Well, it is a surprise when you consider it's an Xbox 360 game and this is Japan.
But when you consider that, you know, remember when it was big, you know, turn heads that
some of the people behind Final Fantasy had gone over to the Xbox side?
Well, this is the game.
You know, this is the big game.
And I'll tell you what, from the previews I saw, it looks pretty hot.
I can't wait to play it, so I would wait in a 90 minute line to play Blue Dragon as well.
Hell, we waited probably about 60 to see Spore, and some people waited about three times as
long to see the Wii, so why not?
And some of us didn't.
Some of us just sort of waited.
Well, some of you just can kiss my butt.
You know what?
That's okay.
I'm used to having my ass be the one kissed, so huh-huh.
As far as news, Microsoft has said that they are going to waive the cost of repairs on
Xbox 360 consoles that were manufactured before January 1st, 2006, and refund any fees already
paid.
They were basically doing an analysis of the repair, and basically it was the initial manufacturing
run of the machine.
They've determined where a lot of problems are, and they keep having them come in from
that.
They said that it was a higher rate than what they are happy with, so they've decided to
comp repairs for any of the consoles manufactured before January 1st, 2006, and do those refunds.
I'd say you probably have to contact Microsoft technical support.
They did actually, though, say that they rejected claims of an unusually high hardware failure
rate.
Well, good for Microsoft for doing the right thing with this, I think, because I think
to charge somebody for these broken systems just because their 90-day warranty was up
was kind of mean, but I think the window needs to be extended a little bit.
I bought my Xbox 360 in February, and that thing broke right away, and I would be pissed
if I was right on the bubble there January, February, and mine broke.
I think it's obvious that there were still some production problems to the earlier year,
so thank you, Microsoft, for taking a step in the right direction.
Now take one more, in my opinion.
They need to.
Anyway, hmm, a quick story kind of relating to Xbox 360.
The official Xbox magazine ran a promo from Circuit City, and Circuit City was giving
away this coupon that said that they were going to be offering 15% off of 99 Nights
and Gears of War.
Hey, pretty cool, except for the fact that the coupon was set to expire October 31st,
so while you could get 15% off 99 Nights, that thing won't do you a damn bit of good
when it comes to Gears of War, because Gears of War is not coming out until November.
Well, just so you know, a clarification has arrived, and this, by the way, didn't make
Circuit City look good, because there was that whole story a couple weeks ago about
the one in San Diego that was offering to install the backwards compatibility on your
Xbox for a fee.
I'm surprised it wasn't the best buy to say that.
That was so messed up.
But anyway, so Circuit City, you really have to dig themselves out of a hole, and they
are, Official Xbox Magazine sent something out that said Circuit City is aware that the
coupon in the November issue is messed up.
They're going to publish another coupon in the next issue of Official Xbox Magazine that
will extend the promotion through the end of November, I believe it was.
That's pretty cool, Elise.
That's nice of them.
And also, speaking of nice of people to do something for us, SNK finally got their head
out of their butt.
We are going to be getting a new King of Fighters with a complete visual overhaul, new sprites,
finally!
Because I remember sitting back and playing, like, what was it, KOF 2001, and it was the
same old Q. Yeah, we have Kula, you know, with everything.
It's like, no.
They finally have listened to us, and there actually is speculation that it's going to
be high res sprites like in the Guilty Gear series.
We can only hope that certain other publishers of ongoing 2D fighting series listen to us,
Capcom, please.
That's kind of hot that finally King of Fighters is getting some new sprites, because, you
know, Loki likes to bitch on every episode, and I'll admit I've done it too, that, you
know, with some of these games like Metal Slug and King of Fighters, they have not changed
the graphics one damn bit in the past ten years.
So someone at SNK has been listening.
You know what I would like to see, is I would like to see the KOF series get the Street
Fighter 3 treatment, with the extra animations and all of that.
Well, that's the thing about Metal Slug, actually, one of the things they announced this week
was that the Metal Slug Anthology is going to be including Metal Slug 6 as well.
And will it have new graphics?
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
But it has Metal Slug 6, I mean, that's got to be different than Metal Slug 5, or 4, or
3, or 2, or 1.
Well, you know, I'm not going to knock Metal Slug, it is a good game, and getting six of
them at one price is not going to be a bad deal, but I think if they're going to make
another standalone one, you might want to up the graphics to the new, you know, please
don't hear me wrong, a game doesn't have to have the greatest graphics in the world to
be a good game.
But you know, if the technology's there, is it that hard to change it and make it a little
nicer looking?
I don't know.
I don't expect you to be blown away.
I don't need, you know, Halo 3 Gears of War style graphics, I just want, you know.
Well, I even remember back in the day when Mugen was having its big day, there were actually
people going in and retouching a lot of sprites from old games and making completely new fighters
with the Mugen engine.
I don't know, I think it's kind of weird that, you know, I mean it's the 12th game and they
haven't really done much upgrades on it yet.
Well, one game that's kind of funny that Sony's been really, you know, touting is like, yeah,
this is our launch title for the PlayStation 3, check it out, it's got awesome tilt controller
technology functionality and stuff like that, oh, Warhawk, yeah, Warhawk's really awesome
and it's really awesome and the fact that it's delayed until summer of 2007 because
apparently, yeah, they're having trouble with it.
It's only listed as about 50% complete right now at Tokyo Game Show and it's not very good
seeing as it's supposed to be released in a few months, so, ouch, yeah, so that's official,
they've delayed it until 2007.
Yeah, and it says this has actually been confirmed by a Sony Computer Entertainment Japan fact
sheet that it's confirmed as a summer 2007 release, so, you know, with that out of the
way, you know, I guess there are only, there's not a lot of launch titles, at least you're
getting Ridge Racer 7, which does look pretty hot, Ridge Racer 7 is 100% complete, so yeah,
you will be getting that launch, so, and actually that's one of the first titles that's actually
being released, you know, because they usually release titles before the console launches
and that's actually one of the first ones that come out.
Good job Namco, good job.
Well, you might have heard during this week some dates get announced before they were
supposed to and among other things from Ubisoft, that's because somebody found a 2GB archive
file on the FTP server that had information, video, artwork and screens from all the upcoming
roster of Ubisoft titles, whoops, meaning that they discovered Far Cry Wii, Lost, Naruto,
Open Season, Rainbow Six Vegas, Splinter Cell 4, Surf's Up, Shaun White Snowboarding, Star
Wars Lethal Alliance on PSP, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Assassin's Creed.
There were also some previously unannounced games that were in this RAR file, a brand
new Prince of Persia, which seems to be something we've actually mentioned on this program previously
and Splinter Cell games and Far Cry and Rocky on the PSP.
You know, it's so funny because I thought Rocky had already been announced, I've had
actually a sell sheet for Rocky for about a couple of weeks now, I didn't know there
was an announcement, it's hard for me to keep track, oh well, but yeah, Rocky's coming out.
Anyway, that was a very interesting find on the internet and Dark Soccer likes to surf
the internet up and down and make interesting finds of her own and she'll share them with
you each and every week, I sure will, in this segment called the Website of the Week.
And no, it's not the Arcade Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
My Website of the Week is actually an official website and anyone who's been reading my live
journal and listening to me go into fangasms over this, the Website of the Week is the
official Doctor Who website on the BBC website, because I love Doctor Who.
If you go to bbc.co.uk slash Doctor Who, you will go to the fantastic site where there's
lots of wallpaper with David Tennant all over it and Billy Piper all over it and K-9 and
Sarah Jane and everybody and downloadable mobile phone stuff and it's actually better
than just about any of the fan sites I've seen.
And there is even a link to the classic series too with a What is the TARDIS tutorial, so
as someone who has grown up with Doctor Who as a constant, a squee, fangasm, yep, I'm
proud of it.
Doctor Who, hey, Doctor Who, okay, sorry, I can't help but think of that whenever I
hear her talk about Doctor Who, that old band chair, you know that song that makes me want
to do?
What?
Kill People.
It's very ironic that, you know, that song makes me want to kill people because that's
what happens to those people that kill people for an Xbox, yeah, the Xbox Killers as they've
been kind of named now, Jerome Hunter and Troy Victorino.
Calling them the Xbox Killers makes them sound like they go into people's houses at night
like ninjas and like cut the cords from the Xbox and smash it with a hammer while everyone's
sleeping and then leaves the house silently.
Well anyways, the Xbox Killers, they were sentenced to death, so yeah, apparently they
murdered six people in 2004 and yeah, now they're dead.
What exactly did they do?
They murdered them over an Xbox or what?
Well that's what they assumed because they stole an Xbox, it says the murders were vicious,
blood being found on the floors and ceilings and the walls and the victims were not only
bludgeoned to death but were mutilated afterwards.
And it says, you know, basically, you know, the killer, oh never mind, that's another
story where they're talking about that person who killed their child over the Xbox thing
too.
A lot of people causing violence over an Xbox, I don't know, hmm, I think the Wii will be
so much, so easily accessible to this kind of stuff, you know, especially when you get
those third party controllers or something that are shaped like a samurai sword or are
actually a samurai sword, ooh that'd be cool, samurai sword, you can kill people, alright,
or hookers.
You're just waiting for that with the Wii, aren't you?
Yes.
Alright, anyway, that's just about going to wrap it up for news tonight, so that means
it's time for us to take your Skype calls and you can call us by visiting www.orangelaungeready.com,
click on interact with us, or you can call us 916-226-9067, but please keep in mind that
is not a toll free number, I can say however we are looking into our ever awesome webmaster
Jason is looking into some toll free options for us, there may be something coming in the
very near future, wouldn't that make a lot of you folks very happy.
Let's go to the phones, hi you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Ravenstaufen.
Hi Ravenstaufen, what's on your mind buddy?
You know that Xbox serial killer, in my view of this episode of the Boondocks, when we
were like, we gotta find the Xbox killer, we have to find him.
You have to set that up for me a little bit, you have to pardon my ignorance, but I don't
watch a whole lot of TV, so what's this show all about, wait, is that the cartoon one that's
on Adult Swim, I think I've seen a clip of it.
The show is a suburban, these are African Americans that is out of their unit and they
go to suburban life and see Huey and Dewey and they go on adventures and this episode
involved a guy going to jail because he got murdered over an Xbox and he went like, they're
gonna rape me, they're gonna rape me, you gotta do something, he went like hold on.
Was this before or after the real life Xbox killer?
Oh before, way before.
Hmm, interesting.
So is it possible that this show, maybe this person should be called the Boondocks killer?
I think so, because that's what makes me laugh about it, I was like oh god, this reminds
me of that episode.
Interesting reality mirroring fiction, kind of sad though, regardless of what inspired
it, these people should have known better, period.
Yeah.
Anything else on your mind, my friend?
Two more things.
Okay.
I got a bone to pick with you, Sky.
What?
Last time when I talked to you about DS Lite, you were running over with a car and I would
get a black one.
I did?
I probably did.
Yeah, you said buy the warranty and run it over with a car.
Oh wait, I don't think I said that, I think the, uh, uh, uh, Miekletoff said it.
Maybe I did, I don't know.
Fine.
Whoever who said it, I still had to pay 50 bucks for the black one.
Did you seriously go and run over it with a car?
No, thank god it had a hairline fracture.
Oh, okay.
I was like, oh my god, please don't tell me you actually went and ran over it with a car.
No, I would be sad.
I'd like to see someone who did that.
You know, Wal-Mart's return policy might let you do that.
Oh, Wal-Mart, you can return anything at Wal-Mart, it doesn't matter if it's there.
Somebody in chat had brought that up earlier, so just made me think of that, the whole Wal-Mart
return policy is so, uh, liberal.
Okay.
What's the other thing?
Uh, do you hold Christmas to a high regard, because you feel, when I listen to Orange
Lounge Radio for a year, it feels like Christmas is nothing, just another day.
Um, I hold Boxing Day in high regard.
You know, I'll tell you what, in my personal family life, we don't have the whole big deal
Christmas thing.
We will do something on Christmas morning, but that's about it, and there's no children
really in the family.
We're kind of a small family unit, so it's not the big deal it is for some families.
Oh, one more thing.
Yeah.
Dark Soccer, are you going to require an Elvira pinball game, because I love that game on
the Atari Lynx.
Yes, I own that.
Elvira pinball.
That would be hot.
You need to do that.
Make that happen.
I want to say, I've seen an Elvira pinball recently, because I know some people who own
one.
Isn't that the one that had the lower playing field?
It's been so long, Dark, I'm sorry.
I do believe, because I've seen one, I did see an Elvira pinball, the place that we got
our last action hero from, I think, had an Elvira pinball in their little repair place.
The last time I saw an Elvira machine was in Chico, where I went to school.
So.
Actually, next on our list is actually a Doctor Who pinball machine for me, and a Medivial
Madness.
What about, I know this is so random, what about an Austin Power one?
That one has fond memories with me, too.
It's a fun one, one I wouldn't mind, although I actually found, Dan found a place in town
that has a Pirates of the Caribbean machine, one of the new Stern machines.
I want to play that.
It's $4,000, though.
I don't have that.
Yeah.
You can only get them new, although from what I understand, the licensing to put out some
of the prototype machines that Capcom had out, like Big Bang Bar, from what I understand,
I think Stern acquired the licensing to release those now.
I'll have to find that out for sure.
Yeah.
Would you?
Definitely.
As soon as I find that out, I'll make it public knowledge.
All right.
Oh, let's party.
That was a great staple.
All right.
As much as I'd love to reminisce about pinball all night, we've got other college we've got
to get to.
All right.
Ravensdaupin.
That's it.
All right.
Have a good night.
You too.
Bye.
See ya.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
This is Anoush.
Hi, Anoush.
What's on your mind?
Hey.
I was just wondering if you guys heard about that software update that Microsoft's going
to release for the 360 that's going to output 1080p.
Hot damn.
We left a lot of news off of tonight's roll.
That is a biggie.
Thank you for bringing that up.
That was a big point that Microsoft did during their press conference that, oh, snap, Sony,
we can do 1080p too, and we're doing it through a software update, bitch.
Yeah.
They're going to be able to do it, I know, through the TV either, well, not for movies,
not through the HDTV.
Well, aren't they going to upscale movies or something?
Movies and stuff will be upscaled, and games will be upscaled with 1080p.
You can do 1080p with a VGA cable.
But now Sony's come back and kind of pooh-poohing that statement going, oh, but it's not native
to 1080p.
They're just upscaling things.
Yeah, but if games are programmed to 1080p, they will play it natively at 1080p.
Interesting.
It's just, yeah, they're saying, oh, they're not natively 1080p.
Well, yeah, neither are some of your games, so shut the hell up.
News, I'll ask you, what do you think about the news?
It doesn't really make sense to me, because wouldn't they put some kind of digital output
on it, like HDMI?
Well, technically, can't components handle 1080p?
It's just not as, I mean, I don't know enough about video specs.
They don't need HDMI to do 1080p.
It's just HDMI is going to be required when they digitally sign, when a digital broadcast
flag goes into effect in a few years.
Why do I need HDMI over component?
Is it just that much clearer of a picture, like component over S-video?
I believe so.
And also, I'm not sure, I can't remember if component can do 1080p.
I think it can.
I need to read up on Wikipedia.
But I know HDMI, though, the big thing, and I think this is kind of one of the reasons
why they added it to the lower end PS3 model, too, is so that they can support the broadcast
flag for the movies and stuff, because otherwise, you know, in like 2009 or whenever this broadcast
flag goes into effect, all your movies are going to be dropped down to 540p, and that's
the highest they will go if you're watching Blu-ray.
Jeremy Todd 1 has an interesting comment in chat.
I'm sick of all this 1080p versus 1080i bullshit.
95% of people won't even be able to tell the difference between the two.
This is just an E-penis sort of thing.
It is.
Basically, you're not going to notice the difference unless you have a TV that's over
like 48 inches and you're sitting six feet away.
Anoush, do you own any next-gen systems yet?
No.
Are you planning on purchasing any of them?
Yeah, I think I might go for a Wii and a PS3.
A Wii and a PS3?
So this doesn't sway you being somebody who wants to get a PS3?
This doesn't sway you in Xbox's direction any?
I kind of swore not to get an Xbox.
Ooh, why's this?
Um, totally against Microsoft.
Okay, okay.
Well, I know a lot of people who are in that camp.
They just really don't want to...
You know, I used to be in that camp, too, but I've got to say, there were just some
of the games towards the end of the first Xbox run really finally convinced me that
I needed to check it out, and I've been pretty happy with it.
You know what I say, the system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Let me guess, Anoush, are you a role-playing type fan?
Those are your types of games, the games that Microsoft kind of lacks on?
Not really.
I'm more into racing games and FPS.
Hmm, interesting.
And yet you still don't like Xbox 360, because that's pretty much all they have right now.
That's interesting.
That's true.
Okay, interesting.
Well, I mean, you're free to like what you like.
There's no problem.
But I was just kind of curious on your thoughts on how 1080p might sway your thoughts on that
one way or the other.
It wasn't really the 1080p that makes me want the PS3.
It's more of like a fanboy thing.
Okay, okay.
Well, that's funny.
What games are you looking forward to on PS3?
Gran Turismo HD, from what you guys said, I'm kind of swaying against that now.
Yeah, I was going to say, what does this whole microtransactions thing do to your opinion
on that?
Yeah, I'm kind of thinking that maybe Sony will give you like a points card with the
game.
I hope so.
And you can download whatever you like, like so many points.
We'll see.
You know what's funny is that a lot of people are talking about Wii 60 was this big thing.
So we're going to get the Wii 60.
And now I'm Mr. Gohan in chat saying it should be Wii S3.
So you're in the Wii S3 camp.
Yeah, I guess so.
All right.
Sounds good.
Go register WiiS3.com before someone else does.
Okay.
All right, Anoush, take care.
Yeah, you too.
Bye-bye.
Thanks.
Let's go to another call.
Let's go to this call.
Too much feedback on that call.
You got to fix your output settings there.
You can always call if you're a first time Skype caller, Echo123 is the name that you
can call there.
And you can hear yourself and see how you sound.
Let's go to this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Holy crap.
You scared the crap out of me.
It's DMN.
Boo.
Hi, DMN.
Ah.
What's on your mind?
Actually, something you guys haven't talked about today.
His skull is on his mind.
The totally unprofessional comments about Sony calling the Xbox 360's HD DVD drive quote-unquote
unfortunate.
I don't have the link to the article handy, but basically, Sony said your HD DVD drive
sucks and we're better in a very unprofessional sort of way, yet very business-like.
Everybody's just waving their cocks around, I mean.
The marketplace will choose the ultimate victor and then I believe bragging rights can be
bestowed.
But yeah, it's just they're talking trash because they're trying to talk their own thing
up because it's coming out soon.
But I don't know.
I'm going to be perfectly honest with you.
My friend and I went into a Best Buy this week and finally, after all this time, I got
to see an HD DVD and a Blu-Ray side by side.
And I'll tell you what, I have to say I think the Blu-Ray did look a little better.
But there are some other factors to take into consideration here because my friend who was
with me, David, said the other TV's kind of crappy and plus they're playing ultraviolet
on the Blu-Ray, which is as crappy as the movie is, I'm sure, is meant to look very
stylish and cool, whereas over here you're getting like the Manchurian Candidate or something
that's not really action-packed.
So I don't know.
My first impression did tell me that, you know what, Blu-Ray was a little prettier.
Blu-Ray is a little prettier but a little pricier.
Like HD DVD players, I think, run at the cheapest around $500, whereas Blu-Rays are like $1,000.
This is beta versus VHS all over again, all over again.
You know, I read somewhere and I think we had to cut it from our show roll, but Loki,
maybe you'd remember this because I think you were the one that posted it in our super
secret thread, something about some company was going to be making discs that did both
HD DVD and Blu-Ray.
It's Warner.
They patented technology, I guess.
It's DVD, Blu-Ray, and HD all in one.
Smart.
And I imagine they're going to use it for their movies.
Smart.
So no matter what format it goes, they're supporting it.
I think that's a great idea, but I'd rather it go to one format or another.
They already have the hybrid discs with the HD DVD and DVD, you know, one side's HD and
the other side's not, so I wish this whole format war thing would end and just come up
with something.
We'll see what happens.
Anything else you wanted to say, Diemen?
You're cutting out there, my friend.
There you go.
Sorry.
It's rubbing my face.
I just posted a link in the chat room if anybody wants to take a look at that.
What is it?
GameSpot dot something dot, I don't care.
I know, but what is it that I'm going to look at if I pull this up?
It's the article regarding Sony talking their shit.
Well, this is close to launch.
Who wouldn't want to whip it out?
Let's see.
Quote from Dave Caracker, the Senior Director of Corporate Communications for Sony Computer
Entertainment America, quote, it's unfortunate that Microsoft's external HD DVD drive will
not enhance the experience at all for the gamer.
Sony realizes that to truly take gaming into the next generation requires a larger data
format for both games and movies.
PS3 uses the Blu-ray format for gaming, giving developers 50 gigabytes of high definition
storage on a single disc, while Microsoft's 9 gigabyte DVD gaming format is an obstacle
for storing HD content.
Sounds like typical cock waving to me.
It's not like he said, God, the 360's a piece of shit.
True.
This is more the point and laugh tactic.
Yeah, this is just more the trying to emphasize what's good about theirs and how it outshines
the other one.
Well, that was about it.
You guys have a good night.
All right, you too, buddy.
Thanks for the topic.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Wow, callers are calling in with lots of good things we should have been thinking about
earlier.
Let's do one more call.
I know some other folks are trying to get through, but we got to wrap it up here pretty
soon.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Good to meet you, 83.
Hi, you're a little bit quiet.
Try to get a little closer to your mic if you can and tell us what's on your mind.
Yeah, my mic's a little quiet.
What's on your mind?
24 the game.
Oh, 24 the game.
What about it?
It's pretty good.
Is this something you just picked up this week?
No, I won it.
Oh, that's right.
Okay, well, it's a pretty good game?
The game's okay, but the cutscenes are pretty good.
Yeah?
How is it if you're a fan of the show?
Oh, if you're a fan of the show, you definitely got to try it.
What kind of game is it?
For those that don't know what to expect out of 24 the game, what kind of game could you
compare it to?
It's a third-person shooter.
There's a few minigames in it, and there's some really crappy driving in it.
Really crappy driving in it?
Yeah, it's the worst driving I've ever played, but the rest of it's pretty good.
All right, awesome.
Well, I'm glad you've had a chance to check that out.
You're a little bit quiet, so I've got to keep this short, but is there anything else
you want to share with our listeners?
Not really.
All right, well, have a good one and enjoy the game.
Yeah, see you.
Bye-bye.
A little minigame review there on the Skype line, but that's what it's for.
You guys can call in and tell us your thoughts on things.
We appreciate it.
Sorry to those folks that didn't get through tonight.
I'll try again next week.
What can I say?
Any other last-minute stories here in studio?
In other news, I'm still awesome.
Was anyone ever questioning that Dark Sakura?
No, I just have to keep making a mention.
But if you disagree, send us an email.
If you disagree, keep it to yourself.
All right.
Anything from you, Loki?
I'm trying to think.
I know there was some other stuff I had.
I'm looking real quick here, because I shut down my list, because I suck.
I'm trying to think here.
Let's see.
Great radio.
Yeah, I think we might have to wrap it up if you don't have anything else.
Okay, here we go.
Well, a couple of small things.
There was a couple of stories.
First off, no PlayStation 2 version of Grand Theft Auto Vice City stories coming out.
That makes me sad.
None at all?
None at all.
I'm not sure why, but there isn't one, so that's kind of interesting.
Microsoft announced that they're doing Platinum Hits on the Xbox 360, and the first four titles,
three of which already have a price drop on the $29.99, which is going to be the price
point for the Platinum Hits, the fourth title is going to be Need for Speed Most Wanted,
which is why I borrowed that back from you, because I got to beat that to sell it back
before they drop the price, which is interesting.
And then, what was the other one, I was going to say, oh yeah, they're working on a new
Metal Gear Solid digital comic, based on Metal Gear Solid 2 in Japan, so that would be pretty
cool.
And, what was the other one, oh, Square's working on Front Mission for the DS, so that
should be pretty neat.
I have some news actually for our UK listeners.
What's that?
Anyone who is looking for Football Manager 2007, there's a demo being released on Sunday,
1st October for PC, Mac, and Intel Mac.
To quote on here, the vanilla version will include English and Scottish quick starts,
English language only, with limited assets, logo and player, pictures, etc.
This will be available from the News of the World website in conjunction with Play.com
to try and maximize the bandwidth available.
The link to this will of course be on SiGames.com when it's released at midnight.
The Strawberry version, that's kind of funny, will include extra quick starts and extra
languages to be confirmed with more assets.
This will be available initially as a torrent only, also at midnight from www.sigames.com.
So anyone's interested in that?
Speaking of London, or the UK listeners, there's actually going to be a London's Game Festival
kicking off on October 2nd, and it runs through the 7th.
It's going to be, you know, you're going to be able to play tons of games.
That's a long festival, five days.
Oh yeah, you're going to be able to play tons of games at a special set up at Oxford Street's
HMV, plus there's going to be various other events and venues and showcases going on around
the same time.
Some other fun things to note, at the Tokyo Game Show they were showing off some different
colored PSPs, one including a camo, as well as red, yellow, and green PSPs, or I'm sorry,
red, blue, and yellow PSPs, all with metallic sheens to them, and another fun one I thought
of, Devil May Cry, this being made into an anime.
Should be interesting.
That should be pretty cool.
All right, well, it's about time we wrap up this program for tonight, and wait until next
week for more gaming news.
Let's go around, though, first and get everyone's final thought.
Drunami, thanks again for being here, as always.
What's your final thought?
Food.
All right.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is, and I forgot to mention, Unreal Tournament 2007 for the PlayStation
3 will support mods.
Hot.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Food.
I've eaten nothing but bagels today.
My final thought is, cookie.
I did.
Cookies.
I brought cookies.
All right.
Thank you, guys, so much for tuning into us and supporting independent radio.
You guys rock.
We'll see you next week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
