Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 199 for this September the 10th of
2006.
And yes, I know people have been asking, what are you guys going to do for episode number
200?
And the answer is, we're not quite sure yet.
We're just going to do our thing and see what happens.
But it'll be a fun show next week, nevertheless.
So we hope you'll be back to join us live Sunday, September 17th, 2006 for episode 200.
And if you can't join us live, there's always a podcast.
I know what we'll be talking about.
What's that?
We'll be talking about the Wii, because the official announcement's going to be happening,
what, this Thursday?
I bet Nintendo planned it that way.
They knew.
They did it just for us.
It's for you, O.L.R.
I want Reggie to come out on stage with his 40 and go, this one's for O.L.R., my bitches.
I am nobody's bitch.
I will, however, whore myself out for, no.
Yeah, but who needs a Nintendo press conference to have Wii News?
Exactly.
You don't need Wii News.
You can do what some sites did and tell people, hey, guess what, we got big freaking news
coming at 12 o'clock in the morning.
And then you find out, guess what, it's something that we pretty much already knew, that the
Wii chips were well under production, but IBM came out and confirmed that, that it's
been in production since the beginning of this quarter.
And for those of you who are not savvy in the calendar, that means July.
And so that the actual first shipments of the chips are in Nintendo's hands and that
the Wii is well underway for launch.
Whenever that is, of course, we'll know that in a few days.
November though, right?
We know that for sure.
Well, yeah, it's November, but you know, I'm still not, you never know, they could just
come and say, you've been punked, it's fucking, it's coming out tomorrow, as long as we're
not juiced, I'm okay with that.
So all right, it's fine.
To the site's credit, you know, I know the hype machine got way out of control, but they
didn't know that people were going to run it on dig and all this crazy stuff.
I mean, people went wild with this.
There's going to be news soon, you know, heck, we already told you guys the Wii is coming
out soon.
Exactly.
Anyway, all right, well, definitely one thing that will be coming to the Wii that is a little
bit of a surprise, not usually the type of game you think about when you think about
Nintendo, at least I don't, but Splinter Cell Double Agent does appear that it's going to
be a launch title, at least that's what IGN reported earlier this week.
The Wii version, Splinter Cell Double Agent, was based on the PlayStation 2 and GameCube
builds, and it will fully utilize the unique control system that the Wii has.
Of course, nothing specific has been given on the control system yet, but I'm sure we
will know more as time moves on.
Examples that have been giving us possible ideas that the Wiimote could be used to like
pick locks, you know, cute little things like that.
So that should be fun for those of you guys that are into the Splinter Cell series.
Toss them in.
If you do have a Wii and you just don't want that, you know, finicky controls and stuff
from the Wii version, you can just get the GameCube version.
Sounds good to me.
Well, speaking of things that are coming out that sounded wrong, how about our UK release
date?
I have an announcement, never mind.
I have an announcement to make.
You are a horror.
What?
I am really fond of burritos.
You're burrito-sexual, huh?
I'm burrito-sexual.
That's hot.
All right.
No, really.
I, uh, no.
Maybe one day.
Anyway, release dates.
How about that?
On the 11th in the UK, we have Lego Star Wars II, the opening, the original trilogy coming
up for everything.
And I'm not kidding.
It's coming up for everything, except for PC.
No, even PC.
It's coming up for everything.
And then, um, that's it.
I'm serious.
I'm looking at that and it's all the 11th.
I hope you're a Star Wars fan.
Okay, I'm kidding.
There's actually a bunch of stuff on the 15th, too.
We have 50 Cent Bulletproof on PSP, Ace Combat Zero, The Belkan War, Broken Sword, The Angel
of Death, Call of Juarez, Faces of War, GTR 2, Joint Task Force, NASCAR 07, yay, Night
Watch, Passport 2, dot dot dot, Prostroke Golf, I love that name, Prostroke, Golf World
Tour 2007, Rome Total War Alexander, Secret Files Tunguska, Steam Bot Chronicles, Super
Bike Racing Challenge, Tekken Dark Resurrection, which I have and it's freaking rad, and Yakuza
on the 16,000 getting Suikoden V.
Hmm, sweet.
That's a pretty good line up there.
I just want to share this real quick from chat, SSJ100Matt says, the Wii rumors are
like the U.S. terror threat.
We don't know when it will happen, but it will happen soon.
That's a good analogy.
If you want to join our chat room and get funny little gems like that, it's orangeontrated.com.
Click on chat.
Bravo to you.
Anywho, the U.S. is getting quite a slate of games.
Of course, they are also getting Lego Star Wars 2, the original trilogy.
Some stuff also coming out, we've got of course, The Good Bummer Man on PSP, Mario Hoops 3
on 1 for the DS, Cookie Mama also for the DS, Godfather on the 360 and then Godfather
Mob Wars on the PSP, King of Fighters 2006 is coming out on Playstation 2, Mega Man ZX
on the DS.
If you're a hockey fan, NHL 07 coming out on Playstation 2, Xbox, the 360 and PSP and
also NHL 2K7 coming out on Playstation 2, Xbox and 360.
We've got Rengoku 2 coming out on the PSP, crap.
And One Piece Pirates Carnival on the Playstation 2 and GameCube.
And of course, the game we were talking about earlier, Rule of Rose will be making its way
on to Playstation 2.
And if you have a Game Boy Advance and are looking for something to play, how about Super
Robot Tyson, the original generation for Game Boy Advance.
By popular demand, we are going to add a new segment to this release date bonanza because
I'm feeling left out because I usually don't have release dates to report on.
So we're going to add Japanese release dates now.
So here you go, coming out September 12th in Japan, Metal Slug 6 and Minna no Tennis,
which is everybody's tennis.
Coming out September 14th, which is the much bigger release day over there in Japan, you
have Cluster Edge coming out from Marvelous Entertainment.
You have G.I.
Jockey 3 and 4 by Koe, everybody's tennis also coming out there for the Sony.
And let's see, we have Simple 2000 series volume 106, 107, and 108, Winning Post 6 coming
out also from Koe, and Neon Genesis Evangelion.
I said it, didn't I?
Yes, you did.
Kotsetsu no Girlfriend Special Edition.
Another Eva dating sim, what the hell?
That's coming out September 15th.
No, no, no, no.
I have one of the Evangelion dating sims.
I have one of the ones on Saturn, and they're dating sims with combat sequences.
That's all I got.
I did, however, get to End the World.
It was fantastic.
That's all I got for you guys this week.
You know what I need to borrow for the Saturn?
I need to borrow a stall.
That game was awesome.
I love that.
I have a stall.
Anyway, speaking of good games, because I saw it was freaking rad, and this will interest
Chris, Kingdom Hearts 2 is eventually coming out in the UK.
Wee!
No, dear, the wee is not out yet.
That suddenly made me think of Mitch Hedberg, who's like, Wee!
When you're having fun, you mention yourself and other people.
Wee!
Uh, Kingdom Hearts 2 is on its way to Europe very soon.
You will like it.
It's cute.
It really is.
Axel!
Axel!
I think we've got it memorized by now.
Haha.
They don't get that yet unless they imported it.
They will.
Believe me.
They will.
Okay, back to the news before it's really interrupted by Mr. Junami in the corner.
Go eat a donut.
Well, yeah, but there's a difference between you're helping and Junami helping.
That's because I always forgive you because you're cute.
Anyway, she just watched a movie.
And I'm not?
Back to the news, hello.
You're a boy.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, you're a boy.
You don't count.
Who?
Anyway, to our friends in the UK, it will actually be coming out on September 29th.
It actually came out last December in Japan and we got it this year a few months ago.
But honestly, get the game.
When it is out, get it.
It's fantastic.
Lots of great gameplay.
In fact, I actually, but make sure that you do Agrabah and the Pride Lands.
Make sure that you do them because Jamie decided she was going to skip those two places and
now can't get back to them.
AKA you fucked yourself.
I did, so I have to start over from Dan's game because he's right where I am only.
He did those two parts.
Winner.
Who the hell skips areas?
I thought that I was going the right way.
It gave me a choice.
I chose the one I wanted to do pirates and I wanted to do pirates.
You chose wrong.
Hey, I wanted to do pirates in Halloweentown, so you shut up, sir.
Pirates is another great idea.
The pirate version?
I mean, it's really cool just like, hey, it's pirates, but in all honesty, it's not one
of the best areas you can go to.
I wanted to see it because I am a Captain Jack Sparrow fangirl.
It is also about Dreamboat Barbie.
Barboza.
OK, that came from when we were writing Pirates of the Caribbean the second time through when
we were singing with the whole ride, annoying the people in front of us.
And as a and then Barboza's up on the Wicked Wench.
So we decided to call him Dreamboat Barbie.
OK, anyway, guys, get the game September 20th, 29th, you will not be disappointed anyway.
And Rob, you anyway, and as far as also other stuff, OK, these people are giggling and driving
me nuts.
OK.
So Liberty Stories, Grand Theft Auto by City Stories will not be going out until November
in the UK.
It was supposed to be out October 20th, but now it's been pushed back to November 3rd.
That's also another good game if you're into the GTA series, it actually is a really good
addition to PSP.
My man's been pretty happy with it.
And it's also delayed in the United States, too.
November 1st.
What?
No, I was referring to Liberty City Stories.
Oh, is that?
Is that was the story about Liberty City or?
Oh, OK.
I mean, if it's anything like Liberty Series.
You were about to say Liberty Shitty.
I think you were.
No.
Hey, it's my game, bitch.
I'm saying if it was anything like Liberty City Stories, because Dan was playing that
game all the time, keeping me awake here.
I'm not a big fan of Grand Theft Auto, like, you know, I understand why it's so freaking
amazingly popular, but I think I might actually get suckered into playing Saints Row because
as we've all found out, I easily succumb to peer pressure, hence why I'm playing Final
Fantasy XI again.
So we'll probably go to Saints Row, too.
It's a fun casual game, where you casually beat lookers.
I like casual.
I like beating lookers.
Anyways, so, yeah, delayed in the United States till November 1st.
That sucks because I was really looking forward to playing that in October.
Oh, this is going to play some more Liberty City Stories.
Speaking of delays, Forza 2.
It's been rumored to be delayed to 2007, and this is coming straight from the development
team, and it says, I think, their quote is, I think we've always said that it will appear
in our fiscal year, and in our fiscal year I can guarantee that the game will appear.
I can't be specific right now in terms of the actual day of Forza, but certainly it
will be an integral game that appears in our financial year of 07, which is the one we're
in now.
So, it's rumored, let me put it this way, it's not coming out when it was supposed to,
because this is straight, you know, I actually, when I saw this story, I, you know, called
my Microsoft rep and asked them when the fuck this game is coming out, and it's to be announced
right now.
It was in November, I think the 15th, and now it's being pushed back even further.
So we're supposed to know the official date in a couple weeks, so that should be interesting.
What was the other game I was going to mention, Crackdown, was another game that was slated
for the end of, or actually middle of October, and that's been delayed to be announced now.
So now the only Microsoft game coming out in October, Fusion Frenzy 2.
Speaking of delays on the Xbox, if you were the one person that was looking forward to
Scramble coming onto Xbox Live Arcade this week, sorry, but you have to wait one more
week because there was some last minute things that had to be cleaned up with Scramble, and
it's now going to be released this week, probably by the time you hear this podcast, it's already
on the marketplace.
For those of you folks listening live, it'll be out this Wednesday.
So you know, Microsoft has this big Xbox Live Arcade promotion thing going on where they're
trying to release new stuff every Wednesday, so they had to put something out this Wednesday,
so what did we get instead of Scramble?
We got a brand new Uno deck, featuring cards from Project Gotham Racing 3, for 100 points.
I bet less people will be buying this than Scramble.
Well I don't know, actually there's a lot of Uno horse out there, some people pretty
hardcore their Unos, so I don't know, I'm not a big Scramble fan, I don't know why that
one of all games is being ported over to Xbox Live, maybe I just don't remember the game
very well, I'll check out the demo, but I don't know if I'm going to spend the five
bucks on the game, it's a little, yeah, we'll see.
Well you know, at least they're getting it right.
Exactly.
Speaking of things coming out for the 360, Japan is actually getting lucky, you might
remember when the console launched over in Japan, they didn't get a core unit, they basically
just had the premium unit, and that was it.
Well now the 360 core is making its way over to Japan, and they're getting a few additions
to it.
One, the price point is going to be less than what it is in the United States, it's only
going to be 29,800 yen, which is around about $255, which is about 40 bucks less than what
we're paying for it now, and actually what's kind of neat about it is the core pack will
include two games, 99 Nights and Project Gotham Racing 3 as well, so that's pretty cool.
Also the hard drives are supposed to be sold around 85 bucks there too, so, you know, overall
they're getting a pretty good discount, I wish we'd get some bundles over here, but
that's not going to be the case.
And all that's going to be available November 2nd.
Alright, sounds good.
Well, speaking of things that are to be released, you know, the premium Xbox 360, this is in
UK news by the way, is not going to get the price cut for Christmas, but an HD DVD and
console package is coming out, and it's actually been stated that the standalone HD DVD is
going to be out for retail of 199 pounds, so 200 quid, not bad.
It'll be, in Euros that's 293 Euros by the way, and it will come with two HD DVD movies.
Also there's a rumor that the premium console bundle with the movie player will be coming
out around 400 pounds, and the speculations could even be as low as 375.
Why are we hearing more about this in Europe than we are in the US?
The news has been very quiet on the HD DVD expansion here in the US, is Microsoft waiting
for something?
X06?
When is that?
I don't remember.
Because as we speculated last week with the whole, you know, Halo 3 is coming out earlier
in the year, does it seem like Microsoft's going to be holding a press conference soon
where they start announcing a lot of this stuff?
I think so.
Interesting.
Because the other rumor, which we'll get into later, was another racing game.
Microsoft isn't really commenting on it as much yet, and I guess it's for the same reason
that we're not seeing much on it over here, but it's really looking like they're actually
trying to now really take advantage of the UK market, is what it seems like.
I just want to point this out in chat.
The chat is on this big kick right now.
I never understand when the chat room gets on this thing and they beat these inside jokes
into the ground, but right now the joke running in chat right now is breaking news.
People are writing, breaking news, and then something silly after that.
But this one's actually kind of interesting.
It was written here.
Oh, damn it.
I lost my thought.
Oh, there it is.
This was written by, and I apologize.
I'm not sure how to pronounce this name.
It's Nazgu1slayer or something like that.
It's N-A-Z-G-U-1-S-L-A-Y-R.
It's Nazgu1slayer.
Oh, that makes sense.
This just in.
When people buy the Oblivion horse armor, they will buy the PGR deck in UNO.
That's true.
Somebody's going to buy it.
Somebody will buy it, but not me.
Sorry.
UNO's cool and all, but I don't need 100 points for new cards that are basically a commercial
for another Microsoft game.
They need an UNO deck that's the horse armor.
Just showing off the horse armor to get people to buy the horse armor.
You were right, by the way, Jamie.
It's Nazgu1slayer.
Anyways, some stuff that Japan's also going to be seeing a price drop in is going to be
the PlayStation 2.
And that's actually pretty interesting because I don't think any, well, everybody else has
been dropping the price of the PS2, but the PS2's going to be dropping to 19,980 yen,
which is about $170.
It's not too big of a drop, but you know, still an okay drop.
And if I remember correctly, the, what was it, I'm sorry.
That was the old price.
I'm an idiot.
My mistake.
It's okay.
People make mistakes.
It's fine.
Yes.
Should do my research.
I'm not allowed to make mistakes.
Just so you know, the dozens and dozens of people listening to this show are going to
be very upset at you.
I know.
That's okay, you can just give them the raspberry.
I'm sorry.
The new suggested retail price for the PS2 in the, in Japan is going to be 16,000 yen,
which is approximately $138.
Not the $170 as I mentioned previously.
It is effective September 15th, which opens up, which I guess that might be their way
of stealing, you know, the Wii announcement thunder, but whatever.
So yeah, that's going to be happening soon.
In case, you know, you might be one of those people in Japan that hasn't bought a PlayStation
2 yet, which is ridiculous.
All right.
Well, something that is ridiculous is when we have to miss a week of Dark Sakura giving
us her website of the week and we missed it last week.
So that means this week's website is going to be twice as good because Dark Sakura likes
to go up and down and left and right on the internet, BA select start.
And she's, she finds a website that she thinks all of you ought to be checking out right
now.
Dark Sakura, what is the website of the week?
The website of the week is gamer.org, g-a-y-m-e-r.org.
Um, I, stop doing that face.
I'm talking to Junami the dork as usual.
Um, it's actually, it was really cool.
I ran across this, um, just looking randomly.
Um, it's a site basically for gay and gay friendly gaming, pretty much.
Um, in fact, to go ahead and read, um, a little blurb off of the website, it says, you know,
why do you need a gay gamer site?
The truth is in the gaming community, there are some pretty staunchly homophobic players
and gamer.org.
Yeah, Junami.
Yeah.
Who makes faces.
It's about having fun without hearing the bashing.
And that, you know, I like what this here, so I give this site to you as a safe haven
where gaming is a focus, not hate.
There's actually a World of Warcraft guild on here that's on the Blackwing server, their
alliance, um, called Alternatives with an altered dash native.
It's pretty cool.
Um, but I've looked at the site, they've got some, it's some core views, gaming news.
Um, it's a pretty well put together site.
I mean, I'd say not overly a lot to look at, but the information is great.
I love the, you know, tweeting over the community there.
I only have one complaint about this site and that's when you go over the dropdown menus.
I don't like the, the little tinkle noise.
It's fairy dust spreading all over your computer as you visit the site.
It's this high pitched little noise and I'm like, are you gaying my computer?
Well, actually I don't need, I'm in your computer gating you up.
I have to give a shout out to a couple other, although that is a good site.
I have visited this.
I give a shout out to a couple other gay friendly gaming sites because, you know, a couple of
years ago there weren't any.
So it's really nice to see these, you know, gay gamer sites that are awesome.
And one of them I've been visiting a lot recently because they have a hilarious blog.
I love it.
It's gaygamer.net and they have a hilarious blog there.
They've been photoshopping Nintendudes is their latest thing going on and they have
like Nintendudes twink edition and things like that.
It's silly, but it's funny.
To me, it's funny.
Uh, and they got some forums there too, and I also have to mention, uh, gamer experimentations
is another forum I've posted on before.
They have a semi-active community over there.
And when that whole, uh, world of Warcraft, you know, guild thing was going down a couple
months ago, a very, very active discussion going on over there.
So very cool.
Um, speaking of gay and world of Warcraft, some of the sound clips have come out for
the, they've leaked to the internet somehow from the beta or I don't know what some of
the sound clips and some of the new races, including blood elves and drannes.
So now I'm not saying that the blood elfs are gay, but here's a clip of what one of
the things the blood elf says and you be the judge.
Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Oh my God.
Nob?
No, I don't know.
You must now take back that homophobic joke because I am making one of those.
All right.
You know, I, and there's some great sound clips as well.
That's just to the iceberg, but then get this, the female blood elf seems to be a little
bit of a valley girl.
I don't know.
You tell me on this one.
I went to under city to get a facial.
Have you seen these people?
I said, you don't have a lower jaw and you're going to give me a facial.
She got mad.
At least I think she did.
You ever heard someone talk with on a lower jaw?
She sounded like a murloc.
Or getting her hair done at a troll shop and winding up with a mohawk and a fricking bone
in her nose.
Getting her hair did.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Although the female Draenei voices are also funny.
Asking if gnomes come with vibrate functions.
This, this, hey, I haven't gotten there yet.
I haven't gotten there yet.
Come on, play it.
You stinking jerk.
Here's the Draenei female.
Do gnomes have a vibrate setting?
I did not call that.
Hey, shut up.
We couldn't hear that over your bitching.
Do gnomes have a vibrate setting?
I'm just curious.
I did not mean to call that.
What is, what is the thing with gnomes and the Draenei?
Is there some type of connection there?
I don't know.
Is it a fetish thing?
The Draenei are tall.
Gnomes are short.
There's a, there's a joke in D&D, in third edition at least, that they're, it's something,
I don't think it's, um, it's with gnomes though.
They're puntable.
That's all things to be said.
Gnomes like to move around or something.
I don't think dumb like that.
I don't know.
I heard it a while ago.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm just trying to talk.
All right.
Um, now I have to, now you may have noticed that the Draenei appear to have a little bit
of a Russian accent going on.
Now tell me if that isn't downright blatant in this clip of the male that we have.
I love this planet.
I come here, I see cow and chicken and ride little horses.
This planet has everything.
Oh my God, it's a, it's Balki.
Oh no.
What was that show?
They was on perfect strangers.
In old country, boobs did not fly free.
They were disciplined, structured.
That's why we have Uthas brassieres.
They hold boobies in place.
In Soviet Russia.
In the world of Warcraft, Draenei drink you.
I don't know.
Silly.
To add to the cultural influence confusion, male Draenei, their dance animation is the
internet phenomenon tunak tunak tun dance.
That's awesome.
And blood elf males do have the Napoleon Dynamite dance going for them.
Ew.
That's great.
Just to add to their sexual ambiguity.
Even the Napoleon Dynamite is kind of last year's news.
That's kind of, that's kind of awesome.
I hate Napoleon Dynamite.
You hate Napoleon Dynamite?
I'm like the one person in the world that thought that movie was the best thing in the
world.
The problem is that the movie got so hyped up, by the time a lot of people saw it, they
were like, that's it?
No, the only, there's only one thing in the world that needs to live up to the hype and
that's Snakes on a Plane.
And it did.
Snakes on a Plane was fantastic.
Haven't seen it.
Haven't seen it.
On another fucking plane.
Lord help us all.
Yeah, give me my microphone.
Thank you.
God, I fucking hated that movie.
That movie was great.
It was dumb.
Anyways.
Speaking of really stupid things, in World of Warcraft, Planes on Snakes.
Give me my jump rope back.
Anyways.
Speaking of really dumb, dumb, dumb speculation, there was a, I guess, a story posted about
how some cryptologists have figured out the weed aid.
And here's how they did it.
Roman numerals.
Oh god, I heard about that.
Roman numerals.
Because, you see, a W is actually, looks like two Vs, which would equal ten.
And the two Is would be two, therefore, October 2nd, therefore, they are stupid, is my opinion
on the whole thing.
Look, with all due respect to the sites that ran this story, why is this news?
Why is this news?
This is not news.
Me coming over there to strangle you for running stories like this that perpetuate these stinking
rumors, that would be news.
That is great video game journalism when I come strangle you for running these stories
around the internet.
Thank you.
That just broke my ear.
You're welcome.
I got you back for earlier.
Oh no, I guess that was Jamie who did it earlier.
That was me.
Traitor.
Traitor.
I have to say this, because in the chat room here, I'm not sure if this is Cage or Kage,
it's probably Kage.
Kage.
Snakes, oh, whoops, that's not what I was, that's not the comment I wanted to read.
Kage said this, World of Warcraft is YTMND with a level cap.
That's kind of a good way to sum it up.
I like that comment.
True.
Who is the snake with?
Nothing, it's about what made the movie I rated.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
Rob.
Traitor.
So is it my turn now?
You want to report this on your blogs, I'll give you a worldwide exclusive.
Sky leaves Orange Lounge Radio right before episode 200, amazing.
And no one cares.
Yeah, no one cares, no one running.
And we replace him with a flask of coffee.
You have to understand, no one's going to believe that you left the show until IGN reports
it anyways.
Yes next week I'm going to be- And first it has to circulate on 1UP.
That's the big news for next week's show, is that I'm replaced with a blood elf male
actually.
Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Anyway.
No, your girlfriend won't put your feet in.
Okay.
Back to the news.
My God, you people are random.
I blame Junami's presence.
Anyway, as he bowels, bowels, oh my God, oh my God, I just cleaned the carpet, Drew.
RG paper trained, please.
Okay.
Our dear friends at Squeenix are being sued by Softworld International for 3.78 million
dollars.
Now, apparently Squeenix owed them a source code for an MMO and did not provide it in
enough time.
So they said, uh-uh-uh, you affected our sales, bitches, pay.
And that's the story.
I could be on CNN.
Somebody had a five-hour time!
DMN has a new nickname for Drew.
Poodami.
How old are we?
He said poo.
Does this mean I have to team up with Pooh Eater?
Hey, Drew, are these-
Then we won't have to worry about a mess.
Pooh Maker and Pooh Eater.
Are these poo jokes making you angry?
Very angry.
Then you know what time it is.
FUs of the week time.
My FU of the week goes towards the really- no, no, no, no, no, it wasn't that.
I actually do not quite recall what it was I was so angry about because I was really
freaking angry.
Was it when you called me from downtown earlier?
No.
Well, okay, this is my- and I hate to resort to traffic.
This is what it was.
Fucking person who almost ran into me while I was on the 80.
On your car?
No, it was some dumbass was swerving to avoid another dumbass and nearly ran into me and
I swerved.
I managed to stay in my lane, but like five people behind me had to pull into the gut-
the side because they were all swerving and I'm like shhh.
And then all the traffic on the day bridge since they did all the work on it.
Aren't they done with the work though?
They're supposed to be, but it was still stupid.
Great nude genius idiot backup.
I personally dislike you now.
Alright.
But I'm also lying.
Low-key.
Anyway.
Um.
F you to- to all those sites out there who just forget that we report news a week early
and take it from the big guys, including people that post in their blogs on these so-called
sites about stuff that's gonna happen.
You know?
Whatever.
I give up.
And also fuck you to Blaze Angels because that game sucks and I'm done with you bitch!
I'm done with you!
I'm gonna kick you to the fucking curb!
Or GameStop.
Or the curb in front of GameStop.
My F you of the week goes to the amazing off-topicness of tonight's show.
It's amazing.
You know, because we're gonna have a lot of new listeners tonight thanks to the DDR stuff
so you know, wow, we're doing well.
And then I would also say F you to just how crazy my work has been.
Next week is gonna suck and it makes me wanna cry but you know, it's a job.
Pays the rent.
What can I say?
Chris, do you have any F yous?
My F you goes to whoever invented the United States.
He sucks and needs to get resurrected and die again because as most of you know, my
girlfriend lives in Wisconsin.
I live in Northern California.
I can't walk there and it makes me sad.
I miss her a lot.
It makes me sad when she's not here.
What happened to the pedestrians?
Fuck pedestrians!
Fuck America!
I want her right here!
I thought it was gonna be a political rant and then it was just a F you to the distance.
My heart aches.
Gush, gush, gush.
Cute.
Should it hurt me trying to get rid of her on the phone?
Like not get rid of her but when I was talking to her on the phone during the break, I was
going, I miss you!
I love you!
She's like, I miss you!
Okay, I gotta go.
I miss you!
I love you!
And I'm not that sad.
I just threw up in my mouth.
Shut up!
I'm a girl.
Alright, Drew, any F yous?
Alright, F you to friends of mine who call in on their 21st and ask me to roll a DC 15
check against their fortitude to see if they're drunk.
I shit you not.
He had me roll to see if he was drunk on four running trunks.
Roll the dice to see if I'm getting drunk!
Yeah, you are!
Is there any girls there?
Yeah!
If there's any girls there, I want to do them!
There you have it.
God, kill me now.
And there were, and I did, but I wasn't there.
I was playing Ogres.
You're not there, you're getting drunk!
Also, a big F you to guild drama on my server.
It really sucks ass.
Silverwing wanted to know if he failed, by the way.
He did fail his, he did fail his check.
His DC 15, he rolled an 8.
Wow, you know, shows like this drive me to drink.
Games like this might drive me to drink too, I'm not sure.
No, it might be okay.
It's a game coming out from Ubisoft and it's called Alive, supposedly going to be coming
out in 2007.
It was first talked about in March 2006.
What makes this interesting is that this game has been referred to as an Action Plus title.
It's a genre that, let's see, who is this person, the International Herald Tribune writer
Doreen Carvajal has spun into Ubisoft's attempt to focus on what the writer says is the feminine
side of gaming.
In other words, the reason is because Alive is more oriented toward drama, more life and
characters, more depth.
It's about surviving, but you can't resolve things by shooting only.
You see, Alive features characters who rely on their instincts and each other to endure
after an earthquake.
So in other words, boring!
So apparently, girls like boring games, who knew?
Fuck that noise!
Okay.
That was not nice.
I like killing things as much as an S person.
In all seriousness, if Ubisoft wants to make the ultimate girl game, what should they be
making?
A Lorena Bob at the MMO.
Next topic!
They need to make fucking Barbie Horse Adventures 6, you know, Barbie with a Vengeance or something.
Barbie fucks you up.
No, it was a really good girl game, I thought.
It was for the computer.
Alice.
American McGee's Alice.
That was a fucking great game.
I love that.
Drugs.
Yeah, maybe if you're a girl smoking crack.
IGN ripping off O.L.R. said magazine Chris is pro-lesbian too.
What?
What is that from?
For a game suggestion.
Oh, okay.
Oh, that's hot.
Eh.
A bunch of us making out.
Anywho.
Speaking of games for girls, Dead Rising is supposed to be getting some download content
here pretty soon.
Actually, they did get some download content, but there's going to be some coming to in-store
kiosks as well.
If you actually check online, they do have on the marketplace a brand new costume, I
guess.
Cold-hearted snake is what it's called.
No idea what that looks like because I haven't actually played it.
It looks like Paula Abdul.
No, it's a snake outfit.
Or, not like solid snake, but it looks like snake skin is your suit.
It's like a snake skin suit.
Exactly.
So that's kind of cool.
And then in the in-store kiosks, they're supposed to be getting Accountant, Burgundy Wine, Pure
White Suit, and Stripe.
And those are going to be available in Keys and the brand new September Kiosk disc.
So look for that pretty soon.
Alright, something to look for in the far off future would be Project Gotham Racing
4.
The French site just confirmed that there is supposed to be a fourth installment of
Project Gotham Racing.
Now, honestly though, is this a surprise to anyone?
Nope.
Probably not, so I'm not even sure why we're reporting on this, but there you go.
It's making their news around different web blogs this week that Project Gotham 4 looks
like it's been confirmed because it's through this contest, or it's through the site that's
talking about having a contest for designing the car and the winning design will be on
Project Gotham Racing 4.
Just like Test Drive Unlimited.
And actually neat news, sorry, you know, Project Gotham 4 has, it's going to be in my house
and it's going to annoy the crap out of me, just like its predecessors did.
But there is some news, who of our listeners reads Vibe Magazine?
Yeah, not usually the best known thing for gaming news, however, that they had $150 under
a description for the Wii in their last issue.
In fact, I'm looking at the image now, it has down at the bottom just a little description
about all the stuff that's going to be on it, it says $150, www.nintendo.com.
So we're not sure if that's actually going to be, just based off of rumors or if it's
going to be more in the, you know, close to $300 range like we were hearing before.
I think it's a rumor.
I think that they've posted, you know, unsubstantiated information.
I think it was just a placeholder that accidentally went to print that shouldn't have, I don't
think it means anything.
But of course, you know, wasn't there those rumors saying that the Europe site said it
was going to be 150 pounds, so, you know, 150 pounds would be a lot from here.
Well, yes, but, you know, usually like if it's $299 here, like look at the PlayStation
3, it's going to be $599 here, or $599 over there, so, you know, possible.
I'm actually, I think converting that would bring it up to at least a 200.
I know it's not possible, but can you imagine if they, like, release that for $99.99?
That would be phenomenal.
It would fly off the shelves.
Everyone would own a Wii.
That would be awesome, but even $199 is going to be pretty good.
But hey, well you're going to know in a couple of days anyway, so who cares?
Alright well this is the part of the show where we open it up to you guys to call us
and interact with us.
And if you'd like to give us a call, you can always head on over to Orangelaunchradio.com
and click on interact with us.
That's the way to do it.
Or you can pick up the phone and dial 916-226-9067, but kids, please keep in mind that that is
not a toll-free number, so if you're not paying the phone bill, don't call it.
Download Skype and use that for free.
Our username on Skype is Orangelaunchradio.
And looky look, the calls are already coming in.
Hello, you're on Orangelaunchradio, who's this?
Once again, I am number one.
Damn, I'm good.
Yeah, you just had to stick your finger there.
Hi, Ron Jon.
DJ Rama.
Hey, I hear you're a snitch.
Well, what can I say?
Someone pays my bills.
My finger is floating over the hang-up button, so you better have something good to say.
Well, I have a lot of good stuff to say, because you know, if you're going to do that, I wasn't
going to preach you to Dunkin' Donuts when you came to New York City.
Okay, then maybe I won't hang up on you.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, a few things.
I want to say hi to everybody in the studio, and a special hello to the Angel of Death
Loki.
Hi.
Oh, I forgot to mention, yes, this is kind of funny.
They had screenshots from Africa get posted this week.
Africa.
Can we figure out what the game's about yet?
Nope.
It's just pictures of animals.
It's about animal poo.
Hooray.
Africa.
Africa.
All right.
What's on your mind, really, Rama?
Well, I play DDR Supernova, and I'm in love.
Really?
What did you love about DDR Supernova?
I just love the eye candy to it.
I mean, the new videos, all the new characters dancing, especially Emmy's new costume.
Emmy's new costume.
What would you say is your favorite song in DDR Supernova?
I only got just to play one song, and right now, I was floored by Centerfold.
Oh, the Captain Jack song?
Yes.
All right, that's cool.
So are you going to be picking up the home version when it comes out for PS2?
Fuck yes.
All right.
Sounds good.
You know, I hear you can make your own steps at home and then take them to the arcade.
It should be fun.
Like the old days?
That would be awesome, but...
Like the old days?
Hmm?
It's like the old days.
Yeah, but the machines around here don't have memory cards.
Don't.
They need to get them.
I'm working on it.
All right.
Anything else on your mind, Rama?
I beat New Super Mario Brothers, and Nintendo threw old schoolers a bone in the game.
Oh, what's that?
Wait until you get to the final level in the castle.
That's all I'm going to say.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right, Rama.
We've got to let you go.
We've got to get more callers, okay?
Two more things on my thing.
Number one, I picked up Beat Mania for 40 bucks at Version Megastore, and I'm calling
out Drunami and Nintendo Maniac 64 for bad phone calls.
Come on.
I'm raising the bar here.
Come on.
You can do better than me.
Oh, dear.
Drunami, response?
Damn fighting words.
It's on.
Bring it!
Come on.
Bye, Rama.
Have a good one.
Bye.
All right.
We're going to go to another call here on the-
I'm going to answer.
Skype line.
Huh?
Huh?
I'm going to answer it.
Rob.
Okay.
Africa.
Africa.
Zebra Buzz.
All right.
Let's go to another call here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, you're calling Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Solar Wing.
Hi, Solar Wing.
You've never called the show before, have you?
No.
I'm a first time actually live listener.
All right.
We're popping someone's Skype cherry tonight.
That's awesome.
We're happy to have some new blood on the show tonight.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Actually, a few things first.
The PS3 thing, how many do you actually think will actually make it to Canada?
Because it says 400,000 to North America that necessarily mean anything about it just going
to States or Canada or what?
That's a damn good point that I don't know if anyone's really thought of about how many
of those machines are going to Canada.
Everyone assumed North America is just United States, kind of like Europe doesn't exist
and Mexico apparently.
So you know- I think Mexico is getting 350,000.
You want to know what's sad, my friend, is that probably Canada is getting about 10,000
of that.
Don't say that.
Are you a Sony fan?
No, I actually owe someone a PS3.
You owe someone a PS3?
Oh my God.
You must have done something big.
This is what I want to know.
What did you do?
What did you do?
It is a Christmas present, wedding present, birthday present from two years.
Wow.
Oh wow.
So this is like a get out of presents- are you having to make up for presents you forgot?
No, he had a choice.
It was either Xbox 360 or PS3.
He chose the PS3 because he hates me.
I see.
So this is going to be a get out of presents free pass for the next two years, apparently.
I hope so.
Wow.
That's a pretty big one.
Well, you know, even so, I think that with the shipment coming out- so the B sellers
like the other systems are, there shouldn't be any type of region coding or any type of
specification between.
No, no, not for Canada.
So I wouldn't see why you can't order one off of like GameStop site or something like
that.
Yeah, you might be able to just order- it might cost a little extra for shipping, but
if we're- Order from Sony style.
Yeah, push came to shove, you could order one from a US website and just have it shipped
to Canada.
Yeah, I could probably do that.
It's just, yeah, $700 as it is, plus how much are the games?
Yeah, true, we're talking $600 American, which is a little bit more in Canadian, although
not much lately.
The dollars are equating pretty soon here.
What part of Canada are you from?
West Coast, near Toronto.
Near Toronto?
Yeah.
Wait, Toronto's not- wait, they consider Toronto the West Coast?
Oh, East.
Sorry.
I was like, wait a minute, wait a minute.
East.
East.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a little bit on the US border, but you can always dip into the US and try
some of the big best buys around the border, could be a thought.
Or even so, a lot of the distributors, the national distributors, are in California.
If you order from any of the distribution sites or any of the other, maybe even at the
importers, you're still probably going to get a system fairly quickly, as far as shipping's
concerned.
My other question was about the new NDSs.
Yeah.
What about them?
Black.
What do you think about them?
I'm getting a pink one, end of story.
I like mine.
It's kind of dirty because it's been in my purse.
Wait, you have the white one?
The white one.
Yeah, you have the virginal white one.
Do you think that they'll actually fix that crack issue?
Oh, the whole, the cracking of the hinges?
I imagine because it was such a big deal on the blogs that they'll do something about
it, but I don't know what can you really do about the hinges without redesigning the whole
setup of the system?
I know mine hasn't yet.
Yeah, I don't think they all have, but I hear the fats are cracking now, too.
One of the blogs I was reading ran a story that their fat was cracking, but it takes
one person with an internet site to have that happen, and then it's all over the internet,
so I don't know exactly how rampant the cracks are.
I haven't seen it.
I think that issue is less widespread than people are thinking.
Get the black one.
You'll be able to see the crack.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Yeah, there you go.
There you go.
My last thing, I've played DDR once, and I was looking at getting a PS2.
What should I get for DDR?
Get an ignition pad, first of all.
Yeah, make sure you get a good dance pad, although, well, if he's warming up to DDR,
I'd say a $20 dance pad can hold him over to see if he likes the game, especially because
you can play the basic songs on the cheapo pads.
Once you get into the harder stuff, though, it will start moving under your feet.
I would say, by far, the best home release for PS2 is Extreme 2, the most recent one,
and that'll be the easiest one to find, but you could probably get some of the oldies
for $20 American easily, like Max 2 and DDR Extreme, and they're not bad, but DDR Extreme
2 is by far the best one.
Probably right after Supernova comes out, that will drop in price, and who knows, maybe
actually Supernova is going to be the best one.
I couldn't tell you until after I've played it, but it sounds like it's going to be pretty
good, but Extreme 2 has a lot of radio-friendly songs and things you might have heard of,
before, and not a bunch of crazy stuff that sometimes turns people off to DDR.
Alright, well thanks.
Not a problem!
Thank you so much for calling in.
Bye.
Alright, have a good one, buddy.
Good luck with the PlayStation 3 hunting, that's got to be a pain in the ass.
Oh my god, oh, your friend a PlayStation 3?
Like Jamie, if I bought you a PlayStation 3, you don't get anything else the rest of
your life.
That's okay.
You don't really want one.
Yeah, you don't want a PlayStation 3.
If I gave you a PlayStation 3, you'd give it back.
No, if you gave me a PlayStation 3, honestly, I'd sell it on eBay for three times what it's
worth, and then I'd take us all to Disneyland.
Alright, you want to answer the next call, Jamie?
No, I decided not to.
Okay, I will.
No, it's funny.
What?
Yeah.
Africa?
They rendered zebra genitalia.
Oh, yuck.
Oh, zebra cock.
I'm going to throw up my mouth.
Alright, Jamie, answer the next call.
Hi, you've called Orange Jones Radio, feel special.
Who are you?
Apparently they hung up, they didn't feel so special.
They got you and decided to run the other way.
Alright, you want to try this one instead?
Fine.
Hi, you've called Orange Jones Radio.
This guy got a feminine voice.
No, I talk too much, so.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, so we're letting Jamie answer the calls.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't think you've talked enough.
Alright.
Anyways.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Well, something you guys have completely overlooked.
Next Saturday morning is the season premiere of Dance Revolution.
No!
I don't think we overlooked it, we just don't care, my friend.
I will watch it.
I will subject myself.
This is the ultimate in video game journalism right there.
Self-sacrifice for the better of the community.
You know, I'm sure that the entirety of our radio listeners can hear you pointing at Loki.
Listen, I sacrificed myself to watch Viva Pinata, and that show sucked, so.
I watched the Viva Pinata clips on Xbox Live, I thought it was cute.
You're stupid.
Jerk.
Alright, what else is on your mind, DMN?
I can't remember what else.
I know I was gonna bug you guys at Dance Revolution, and the other thing slipped my mind, so.
I think we'll cut this one short and let you hang up on me.
Alright, sounds good.
Click.
Alright, I think we have time for about one more call here, if you want to give us a call,
you can call our username is OrangeLoungeRadio, or you can call our skype line, it's 916-226-9067.
Megsy call.
Megsy's supposed to call us.
Wasn't she the one that hung up?
No.
Megsy.
Let's try, hold on.
Jimmy, you gonna answer this?
Yeah.
You better be Megsy.
Yeah, this is Megsy.
Hi sweetie!
Wow, hi.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, this must be Megsy.
This is Megsy.
Hey.
What's on your mind, Megsy?
Uh, okay, first, anyone in the chat room who was listening, do not go to my DeviantArt
site, do not look at my bad art.
It is not bad, Megsy, you're kind of breaking up, be careful.
Okay, uh, better?
Yes, better, much better.
Okay, don't go to my DeviantArt site.
Go to it, look at all of her art, it's beautiful.
That was during the bonus segment, podcasters didn't hear it anyway, so, or the podcasters
didn't hear it.
Yeah, don't worry about it, the majority of them won't go there.
Alright.
Okay, the other thing is, um, about the Nintendo conference.
The Nintendo conference.
What about it?
Um, gosh, I have been waiting, I am counting the hours until the press conference.
Are you a Reggie fangirl?
I am so totally a Reggie fangirl.
I really hope he gets up there and holds up his 40 and goes, this one's for my homies
at OLR, weeee!
What are you looking forward to seeing at the WE press conference?
Is it just the date and the price to get the anticipation building so you can start taking
pre-orders or are you hoping to see some new games or what?
I just want to know when I can get it and how much it is and I want to be able to run
my games, go up and throw my $50 down and so on.
Nintendo, do you think they are going to start taking pre-orders right after the conference
or what do you think will happen?
I really, really hope so.
Alright, sounds good.
You're breaking up a little bit, Meg Z, so unfortunately I think we're going to have
to wrap it up, but is there anything else you want to say to our listeners or in-studio
guests?
Uh, Ken Kuduragi, he's the doctor on the crayons, he's still in the world of crayons.
Alright, Chris, do you have anything you want to say to Meg Z?
I love you, sweetheart.
Awww.
Alright.
Take care, sweetie.
Have a good one.
Alright.
Alright.
Yeah, I'm really happy now.
Awww.
That was cute.
Alright.
I'm sorry.
Awww.
Any last- I don't get to see her often, okay?
I know.
I'm allowed to be sentimental.
That's cute.
Thank you for letting me be sentimental on radio.
That radio show is so gay.
I can see the iTunes review now.
Gay video game radio.
Fuck iTunes.
Alright.
No, I love iTunes.
This is where we get a lot of downloads from.
Alright.
Um.
Any last-minute stories?
Um.
Actually, yes.
Okay.
What's on your mind?
I like burritos.
Okay.
Low-key, please help.
Not low-key, but I got something.
Alright.
What do you have?
Just a small little tidbit.
Uh, GameTap is actually putting, uh, Sam & Max Hit the Road on its, uh, list of games.
Oh, yeah.
I heard about that.
That sounds pretty cool.
Oh, yes.
Got the new one, yeah.
It should be launching, and it's exclusive to them for a few weeks, I think.
By the way, DidYouLoseASockInChat says, this podcast puts the gay in gaming.
Damn, right.
I actually have a question for the chat.
But gay can mean happy, right?
So just, you know, there's something for everybody.
We're happy.
What'd you have, Chris?
I just had a question.
Who's played Xenosaga 3?
And how good is it?
Okay, that's a question.
It's gonna take a second.
Yeah, it's gonna take a minute.
Alright.
Yeah, but, anyway.
Oh.
Do you have anything else?
Yes.
Okay.
For my birthday, people chipped in and got me surround sound.
So now I have 5.1 surround sound in my, uh, my living room with my widescreen TV and the
360.
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
Is it pretty?
It's pretty, and they play Saints Row, and here, you know, I can hear the prostitutes
yelling behind me, so then I turn around and go beat their ass.
It's awesome.
Is it awesome like a hot dog?
Yes.
Like a hot dog.
Uh, Nintendo Maniac 64 says my friend has played it.
Funny Dale said I heard that game has a 6 hour cutscene.
I don't know if that would work.
DMN says it blows ass.
Really?
Why?
Well, he may not be talking.
He may just be talking, responding to somebody else again.
Somebody may have asked him, you know, what do you think about, you know, colonoscopies?
He might have been responding to that question.
Ranma said if Reggie comes out with a 40, he better have cornrows.
Sephiroth1215 says Xenosaga is $30 at Circuit City this week, for those of you guys that
like deals.
I already bought it.
I just haven't played it yet.
I actually was a moron and didn't get Xenosaga 2 when it came out, so I have to order that
and wait to play that before I can actually play Xenosaga 3.
DMN is saying Xenosaga 3 is garbage.
Is what?
It's garbage.
Fuck you.
It's blue hair.
I got a half blue hair.
Is it possible that the game might suck even though the first two were good?
Well, again, I haven't played the first two.
I haven't played two.
I really like the first one mainly because I like playing stuff with the storyline and
I don't care if the storyline is bad, kind of, because I really like the art in 3.
Do you like 5 hour miniseries for cutscenes?
If so, it sounds like you'll love it.
Oh yes.
I like a game that plays itself.
I do.
I was playing...
It's a movie that you interact with.
It's fun.
You press the A button once in a while and you're good.
By the way, with actual game news, Exo 6 is taking place in Barcelona on the 27th, 28th
of September.
Okay.
I bet you there's going to be big news out of that.
They're expected to announce new franchises from Bungie.
Well it's probably stuff for Halo 3.
And yeah, fun stuff.
I have one last little tidbit here that's being sent to a private message in chat.
There's a rumor going around that a Wii tech demo of sorts is going to come with a Wii
remote purchase.
It's just a rumor, but that might be interesting.
Some of that stuff you saw at E3...
That's cool.
I collect tech demos.
I actually have like five of the old PlayStation tech demos.
We want to see something crazy.
Go back and look at the old tech demos on the PlayStation and they look pretty damn
good, even by today's standards.
See, Dark Sakura can't say something nice about Sony once in a while.
It was a PlayStation.
Stop hating.
And remember, the PlayStation was born from the Super Nintendo.
In a way, yeah.
So huh.
All right, boys and girls, that's going to bring this edition of Orange Launch Radio
to a close.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to us tonight.
We really appreciate the fact that you guys tune in to us and support independent radio.
You guys rock.
Now we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
And we'll start off with Drunami.
Drunami, thank you for being here tonight, as always.
And what's your final thought for tonight?
No poo.
Thanks.
Chris, your final thought for tonight?
My final thought is I love you guys.
And I'm sorry for making this place so random.
No, we love you too.
Thank you for being here.
Random is fun.
Yeah.
Old school listeners especially love it.
OK.
So Loki, your final thought?
I'm just going to take a tomorrow off and hopefully we'll play some more games this
week.
I want to take tomorrow off.
I want to take tomorrow off.
I want to take tomorrow off.
Oh, wait.
I didn't.
All right.
DarkSocker, your final thought?
I've had the best weekend ever.
And I owe it all to my bestest buddy right here.
Aww.
I think I threw up in my mouth.
Shut up.
I'm just kidding.
My final thought is I want potato chips.
Mmm.
Are there any left?
We're good.
I ate them all.
I hate you.
No.
We are starting a campaign to call them crisps and to call French fries chips.
They're not French.
I see.
I see.
They're chips.
Freedom fries?
No.
Fuck that.
They're chips.
OK.
They're chips.
I forgot to mention, and this is not that important, but it is news, firmware 2.81 came
out for the PSP, which allows you to use memory sticks that are larger than 4 gigs.
Hurrah.
And I have one more final thought for you all.
What?
Reject false icons.
Owned.
That is not pwnage.
That is homage.
All right.
That is pure ownage.
That is homage.
You know, imitation is the finest form of flattery, my dear.
All right.
We'll see you next week.
It's, if you thought tonight was crazy, next week, boys and girls, episode 200.
Woo hoo.
Brace yourselves.
Until then, I'm a very scared Rob Roberts.
And for Dark Soccer, Loki and myself, good night.
Bend over, Rob.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
