Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio, Steam allows you to share games with your family, buzz begins around a new geometry wars, a beloved music game continues its lineage onto the Wii U, Final Fantasy is headed to cell phones, and Loki reviews Grand Theft Auto V.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio here on September the 15th of 2013 with the 519th episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I want people to buy my anime sales.
Wait, wait, wait. Slow down. Slow your roll here. What are we talking about? You are digging through your vault and getting rid of some things. Last week you were trying to hawk Rare Games.
Yeah, which I'll still take 300 bucks for Final Fight Guy in the box with the manual.
And now what? It's anime sales.
Although I may have a buyer for my most expensive one, but I have two Beat X sales, two Fushigi Yugi sales, and the other one that I have up is Dragon Ball Z.
Is that what this show is for you? A place to hawk your wares?
Yes it is. No. But I would rather this stuff go to people who I know would appreciate it and that I would at least be able to see a picture of it from time to time.
Oh, there you go.
Hey, that was mine.
Alright. Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Loki, what are you selling on this show tonight?
I have DVDs on eBay right now, but that's about it.
That's about it, huh?
Not really selling anything.
Well, as I mentioned, we are live here and we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Probably an Ouya next week because I really don't play that anymore.
You'd be selling your Ouya?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah. Boy, the Ouya's...
I think Dan would give you five bucks for it.
Oh, I'm looking for a little bit more than five bucks.
The Ouya stuff, I know we have some stories on it coming up later, but it certainly seems like it's going downhill fast.
And what's wrong? What went wrong in Ouya town?
It's just the support, the whole thing's been kind of mishandled from the beginning.
Like even with just shipping, first shipping the Kickstarter stuff, there are some people that have Kickstarter that still haven't received their units yet.
Oh, wow.
When that thing went to retail back in June and Kickstarter, you know, backers still haven't received their units, that's a little messed up.
And then on top of that, how they handled this whole...
Are they sitting in a DHL warehouse somewhere?
Probably. It's probably some DHL black hole. I don't necessarily blame, you know...
I would be so mad if I was one of those people.
I would blame them for going so cheap as to where...
You know, DHL is just the big problem right there, but the fact that you chose to use them, you know, that's not a good idea.
I mean, just use the, well, you know, the post office because you're shipping across, you know, the ocean, but...
They had to be cost effective though. I mean, you know, a $99 system means you're gonna take some budget corners, right?
Well, that's still mishandled though. I mean, charge more for shipping then or something, or charge shipping.
I don't know what you need to do, but yeah, this is really handled poorly and just their customer service is just terrible.
And on top of that, now with this whole, you know, free the games thing, it's just not working out to what they want it to be or what people want it to be.
It's being abused and, as we'll get into later, they don't fucking care.
So what happens now to these other Android consoles? Do you think Ouya's kind of wrecked it for everybody?
Or do you think that maybe, you know what, there's a rumored Amazon console, wasn't there a Mad Catz?
I can't keep track of them all now.
I think that a lot of it is gonna be, people are gonna be a little cautious about these micro consoles and stuff.
I don't think it's ruined it. I mean, definitely people are gonna be comparing any console that comes out to the Ouya.
But in the case of the Mad Catz console and stuff, that just plays straight up Android games that you can get on the Google Play Store and you can tie your Google Play account to.
So I don't think they're really in that much trouble since it can be, you can basically map your controller to work with games that don't even use controllers and stuff like that.
So I think that's kind of cool and that might end up working out for them.
And then like the GameStick and stuff where they have their own stores, that might be a little bit tricky when they have their own marketplace and they're kind of separating themselves from everybody else because they want a piece of the money from the games they're selling on there.
I don't know, it's just, we're gonna have to wait.
Because right now, I mean really, there's only one console out there. It's just the Ouya, the GameStick, which was supposed to come out months ago, also been delayed and delayed.
That's not coming out, I think, at the end of October now. So, I mean, then again, they announced that they were coming out in September, so by the time we get into October, they can announce November, who knows.
So, I think, I don't know. I think the PSP TV, though, could be pretty good.
Do you think, well, before you, you mean the PS Vita TV?
Whatever.
PSP TV, I think, would be a little bit dated at this point.
Well, that's what people wanted, so you can do with that.
Well, yeah, that's true, whatever. Well, anyway, before you cut corners there, I was gonna say, a lot of people, I think, were predicting that this was gonna screw Kickstarter, too.
Because, in a way, the Ouya, in these unfulfilled orders and so forth, were giving Kickstarter a bad name.
But then, you look at something like Mighty No. 9, and you're like, well, no way, Kickstarter still has a TARDIS team.
No, no, there's plenty that they're doing to give themselves a bad name. It's not even necessarily this.
There's a lot of shady things that go on in Kickstarter that they just kind of allow, you know.
Like, I've mentioned a few times about that whole, like, you know, my nine-year-old wants to make an RPG, fund my project type thing, and how that was a big ol' scam.
Or, at least, it's very, it's heading in that direction quite quickly.
You know, and there's been a lot of other, like, scams.
And a lot of them even, like, with this Ouya thing, which we'll probably get into a little bit more.
I mean, I heard about that Great Iron Thunder and stuff, and where it was being backed by family members.
I mean, there was, like, 187 people backed it, and they had, like, or 193 people backed it, and they had, like, $187,000 raised.
I mean, that's a little odd. That's way off of the norm as far as, you know, the percentages of backers.
And then, legitimate projects that are also trying to, you know, be backed that same method, you know, that free games thing.
They're not even making their funding goals because they just, they're not cheating. They're going legit, and they just can't make the money.
You know, $50,000 for a goal for, first off, for an Android game seems a little high.
Yeah.
I mean, and considering that they're doubling that budget when they match, you know, the funds, $100,000 for an Android game.
I mean, that's, especially on the Ouya. I mean, you're talking, like, you know, I mean, there's some probably high-end projects on there,
but a lot of these Ouya games are being developed by a team of, like, maybe one person to, like, maybe five, you know, very small teams.
I don't think you need $100,000.
I think the tough thing, too, with these is that these sites are really about pre-ordering.
It's essentially, these are all pre-order sites, and if the rewards aren't good, I don't think people are going to buy into it.
And some of the Kickstarters that I've seen fail just did, they failed because the rewards weren't adequately priced,
and, you know, you've got to think about reward fulfillment.
You know, obviously, Ouya was having some issues with that, and, you know, that can be a big pain in the butt, too.
The Kickstarters I usually see that are successful are usually these games that people want.
There's something going to be tangible out of it. There's something that's going to be had.
You know, these send my nine-year-old to RPG camp or whatever aside, those are the few and far between.
I think, unfortunately, a lot of these more charity quote-unquote things, you have to really catch on viral or it ain't going to happen.
And I think there's a lot of wishful thinking out there. I had a friend just recently do an Indiegogo that didn't do so well.
And I kind of think a lot of that was that the, I don't think he really pushed well enough what rewards were in it.
Well, in Indiegogo, they've got weird stuff like Indiegogo, you can do the flexible funding, so where, you know...
Well, that's why he did it, because he still got half of it, at least.
Yeah, you get money. Well, here's the thing, if you don't make your full funding, there's no obligation to do anything with that.
So, if you get people convinced enough to where you can basically make some of the funding and they don't pull it out at the very end, free money!
Yeah, that's kind of scary. Alright, well anyway, we can talk about all these things all day long, but I want to get into games.
I was going to do our gaming weeks, but before we get into our gaming weeks, obviously there's one game that I know Loki has been very excited about.
For a very long time, and so I want to ask Loki about Grand Theft Auto 5, because I know he finally got his hands on the game this week.
I guess I should say this first, it came to my attention that there's some sort of embargo out there for press reviews until tomorrow morning, 10 AM.
As an indie site, we are under no such embargo, we were not given a media preview copy of this game or whatever.
Thanks to Loki's industry connection, he has other ways.
So if they want to avoid this in the future, they need to hook us up.
Well, there was a guy in Oakland selling some for $120.
I don't want to resort to silly blackmail. I know you're being facetious, but it's one of those things where it's like, fans of the game will find a way and some of these people work in the industry like Loki and can do that.
There's people that had it way before me. It's coming out of Gamestop and Targets and those people that are getting their pallets of shit.
You know, that stuff way before everything else.
Alright, so we're a whole 15 hours early, but you can't really do a full review of the game, right?
No, I've only played like 8 hours of it.
Alright, so tell us Loki's little preview of the game from your extreme fanboy perspective.
Honestly, even though, yeah, I am a fanboy of the series and stuff like that, it is a fantastic game.
It is, they have just taken, like Grand Theft Auto IV when I first played it was just a big like, holy crap, this looks amazing, that type of stuff.
This, Ford has nothing on the, this is just ridiculous, the amount of detail that they have.
And it's not just murky and kind of brown and stuff like Liberty City was, it's just, it's very vibrant and colorful and there's, you know, a lot more interactivity, a lot more detail.
Detail I think is the main thing there because they've narrowed it down so much, like there's tons of pedestrians walking around and they're not just doing, just walking, they're interacting with things.
You can hear conversations going on. There's, you know, tons of things to do in the game, just all sorts of stuff to see.
Like I've only played it for 8 hours and I haven't even been to most of the map in the game. It's just huge.
And one of the things I do like about it though is the characters that they have created in it are great, they're very interesting.
And each one has like their own kind of stuff going on and then at the same time their kind of stories intertwine with each other.
And so you kind of figuring out how, how that's happening because you have Franklin who's kind of this, you know, gangster guy that's trying to go legit.
He's just trying to get out of that life and stuff and just trying to make money, make an honest living I guess.
And then you have Michael who's this retired bank robber who's, you know, killed people and done all sorts of crazy stuff.
Then you have Trevor who's just fucking nuts. And so you have all these characters and how they interact and stuff. It's just, it's ridiculous.
Can we talk a little bit about the vastness and the things to do in the game because even in the short like 3 minutes I saw in the studio before we went live tonight,
I was like, wow, I can tell that the size of this game and the size of the continent that you're on is way bigger than previous Grand Theft Auto games.
And you were in this plane and you were flying and I was really taken aback by the detail and the ground and that the city was in the distance and you could even see like the fog around the city.
Like it was very impressive looking for a current gen game.
Yeah, it is very, I'm just amazed that they can do that on, you know, these current gen consoles. I mean, it looks really good.
And even just like the details with, you know, as time progresses through the night and stuff when you're driving around, you know, at night people will be street racing.
You'll see that going on. You'll see cops chasing after, you know, just cop cars going by and stuff.
You know, if you see a car or something like that crash or you catch a car and fire, you know, eventually the fireman will come and put out the fire and all sorts of stuff like that.
But tell me, can you drive a piano?
You can't drive a piano. That's just, that's a mod.
But can you drive to Pianu?
But they've got like, for example, they have the Santa Monica Pier or their version of it and it's got a roller coaster you can go on.
It has, you know, the Ferris wheel you can go on.
One of the missions you had to be a play as Michael, your daughter was hanging out with these, you know, porn directors and stuff like that.
And they thought that she's going to go shoot porn.
Gasp! Gasp! Pornography!
And so he dives off the pier to go swim to their yacht that they're on.
And of course, you know, the water looks amazing compared to like four.
It's just, it's so detailed.
And when you dive in there, I forgot, oh, hey, that's right, there's underwater.
It's just, you know, this huge underwater area that you can see and just the detail in there.
And there's sharks. You can get eaten by a shark. That's actually an achievement.
Is there a sharknado?
There's not a sharknado.
Wait for the DLC.
There's all sorts of animals, though.
There's a deer in one of the, the first mission you play as Trevor that runs out in front of your car.
And I tried to miss it both times, but it's scripted that it'll hit your car.
I'm trying to think about some of the other crazy stuff.
You know, they have the strip club and stuff.
Yeah, I heard it took you no time to find some titties in the game.
There's full frontal or topless women in the game, unlike the pay season four.
You know, straight up boobies in this one.
And, and they even have a little mini game portion of it where you're supposed, you can touch the strippers while the, you know, secured, the bouncers aren't looking and stuff like that.
Can you invite someone in for some coffee?
If, if you, you can, you can get them, you can do a booty call with them.
Yeah, if you want it later on.
You know, of course, you know, the same, the prostitute stuff is.
What else did I do? There's one, one portion of the game where Michael takes drugs and he has this massive trip where he sees aliens trying to abduct him.
And so he has to take him down the minigun.
There was a funny thing that was done with this website.
It's like a Facebook type thing, life. It's like a life stalker or something like that.
How appropriate.
And you have to infiltrate their headquarters in order to sabotage something. And it really goes weird.
But do we, do we still have the classic Grand Theft Auto mainstay? Are you still allowed to get the services of a hooker and then kill them?
Yes, of course.
So are there male prostitutes and male strippers too?
No.
See? Patriarchy.
No, I'm serious.
But, but to, to your, to be fair, though, there is male full frontal nudity in the game, but not full frontal female nudity in the game.
So we get Wang.
Yes.
That's patriarchal. That's, that's unfair. It's matriarchal. In fact, it is.
Well, we could use a little bit more matriarchy, OK?
But yeah.
No, I do agree. To be serious, I do agree. Fair is fair.
But one of the first things I did was I, I stole a jet from the airport and I tried to land it on a highway and I accidentally hit a billboard and crashed.
The second time I did that, though, I did actually manage to land it.
It's just, there's gonna be a ton of stuff to do in this game.
They're saying already 100 hours, at least, of gameplay in this and I could, I could definitely see that.
It's interesting. The storyline is great.
And plus, if you just don't want to do the storyline, there's so much to do and there's so many activities and just stuff to fuck around with.
There's some characters from Grand Theft Auto IV that do make a return.
In fact, you know, I don't want to spoil anything, but there is one character in particular from IV that meets his untimely demise, the very first mission of Trevor's, you know.
So it gets interesting.
I'm sorry. I'm just laughing here because I'm watching our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
And of course, Dr. Sakura was in there going, you know, when are we going to get our game with male strippers and prostitutes?
And then, oh, never mind. Never mind. Never mind. Y'all, I'm fine. We got cock. We're good. I'm good. I'm good.
There's cock and boobs. I'm happy. There's equal representation.
OK, so if you want a game that has male prostitution in it and Saints Row 2.
Saints Row 2 has whoring as a side mission. You can whore as both male or female.
So you can man whore in that or, you know, all sorts of stuff.
See, I would have to make like a special man whore.
All right. Look, going to our chatroom for some other comments, live.vognetwork.com.
Alan Alchemy says Grand Theft Auto IV was too bleak. The story was great, but it was all very super serious.
Hopefully Five injects a tiny bit of the insanity we've come to love from Grand Theft Auto III and Saints Row.
There's a lot of these people that you meet on the street, kind of like the stuff in Grand Theft Auto IV.
We can meet like these random strangers and do things they call them.
It's like freaks and strangers missions or something like that. And there's one that's a member of the paparazzi.
And so this first thing you're doing is you're riding the first mission you have with him, you're riding or driving a motorcycle.
He's taking pictures on the back of the motorcycle, trying to get like crotch shot of some celebrity or whatever.
The second one is you find out, oh, hey, this one celebrity is really into anal sex.
Let's go take a picture of her having anal sex in her backyard. And so, yes, that's what you do.
You sneak up on her. You take a picture of her having you record her having anal sex.
And then she comes and chases after you with her boyfriend. She's like trying to run you down with her car.
It's like a Paris Hilton type.
That's that's that's not so much like insane, like Saints Row, Saints Row IV or whatever.
That's just you nasty. Like Grand Theft Auto V, what you're describing is just you nasty.
Dungeon Busters said in chat that an adult game that's actually adult, but fifth dreams retort.
Not an adult game would entail not being able to pay your bills, access your pregnancy and your car breaking down on the way to work.
It's not entirely graphic. It's just, you know, her pants are down. The guy's pants are down and there's something going on.
I mean, you can't see anything. It's not like, you know, very detailed.
I believe you said anal sex.
There's also dog sex in the game.
Why do you keep bringing up anal sex on the show?
Yes, the first mission that you have, Chop, he has sex with a dog, too. So.
Oh, my God. You're nasty.
It's dog sex because there's two dogs.
Yeah, that's why you can put that on the back of the box.
My review, you like dog fucking.
You're like Grand Theft Auto V along with Raven, of course.
You know, you're nasty. It's a great game. It seriously is.
You know, all strange is society. It's great. It's got a bunch of really interesting characters.
Tiger Claw in chat says, I heard you can also smoke weed in Grand Theft Auto V.
Yes, you can.
Does it lower your heart rate and decrease depression?
No, it doesn't really do anything other than, you know, trip up the screen for a little and he talks like weird stuff.
He like spouts off weird like ideas like they should forget something about the Internet he was rambling on about.
But so reading the Internet drove him to smoke weed. Not surprised.
Let's see. D'Artatia says, so is this Loki's game of the year?
Probably. Yeah, it's most likely it's it's really, really good.
I mean, I've only played eight hours of it yet, so I don't know.
You know, a lot of the missions that they're showing off, like, you know, talking about in the press, I haven't really gotten to yet.
But so far, it's been interesting.
I did the first heist mission, which was fun, and I don't know, it's just it's going to be good.
And I know tomorrow you're going to see a lot of perfect ten views or at least high nines.
High nines, perfect tens. I guarantee it.
And a couple dog fucks.
Koopa Kid Jeremy in chat says, dog fucking lovers have been so underserved in the gaming community.
Well, now a game for y'all. You nasties.
Let me ask this question.
I also saw a GIF on on Reddit where it shows Franklin running up to a cow in like a field.
He kicks over the cow. So there's all sorts of like animal violence and stuff in this game.
Oh, I'm sure animal violence is hilarious, Loki.
It's a fake. It's not real.
OK, I'm not saying go kick a real cow. It's it's fake.
It's a digital cow. All right. Digital violence is OK.
Which actually that does lead me to something.
Go ahead.
Did you see I reposted on my Facebook a while back, but Fox News put up a poll.
Do you think that violent video games cause violence?
I was all over the Internet. Yeah.
Well, yeah. But it was like 90 percent of the responses was no.
Well, yeah, but that's because 4chan, I'm sure, did something to the poll.
Like when I looked at it the first time, it was a little more even.
When I look gives two fucks what some Internet poll has to say.
But just wait for all the news to come out after this.
You know, thank you for that was the point I was getting to.
Oh, is I, you know, usually bring up something to make a point.
The point I was getting to is that I wonder what they're going to say after,
you know, the game is officially out and there's reviews of it and say,
well, our poll was skewed because that game man came out yet.
And maybe you can.
I'm picturing a meme in my head with the Game of Thrones guy where it says,
Brace yourselves.
Cable News gets Grand Theft Auto 5 this week or something like that.
Now, now, now. This is Cable News.
We won't be talking about Grand Theft Auto 5 for like another 10 years.
They'll realize it, you know, after Grand Theft Auto 7 comes out.
Grand Theft Auto 5 is super viral.
Abor, abor, abor, abor.
You can also drive a riding lawnmower in the game, which is awesome.
Can you re-
But not a piano. What's up with that?
Because pianos don't drive.
I have seen, for real, a motorized piano. Thank you.
Can you reenact scenes from The Happening?
Plants do not attack you, as far as I'm aware.
What? No!
But, but I do hear, because I've been reading a lot of Reddit,
I do hear, though, that there is possibly, because what, they,
here's the great thing about Grand Theft Auto.
This is how you do an homage to your older games.
All the cheat came, all the cheat codes from Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
work in this game, by the way.
Huh.
Which is awesome.
Some people could care less about the story.
They just want to run around and kill people.
They did, like, a lot of the things that, you know, there's all these, like,
there's a killer in the woods, you know, in San Andreas.
You know, that was one of the big myths of San Andreas.
And now I think they did put that in there as an Easter egg.
All right.
Let me ask one more question, then we'll get into the rest of our gaming weeks
and the games that Jamie and I have been playing this week.
Since we are talking about another game from the same generation,
I mean, Grand Theft Auto 4 is from the same generation,
but the way you describe Grand Theft Auto 5,
and from what I've seen, really makes it sound like it pushes things so much further.
What do you think really changed to allow Grand Theft Auto 5
to push the boundaries in ways that Grand Theft Auto 4 apparently didn't,
even though at the time we thought it was pushing the boundaries?
You know, I'm surprised at how they were able to do it.
They must have really gone through and just tweaked the shit out of their engine,
because they've gotten in a way now where they basically have made it,
okay, listen, we can make this map as big as we want it to be.
You know, storage being the only limitation.
Storage and, I guess, RAM.
But the detail is ramped up so much from 4.
There's, you know, first off, there's animals in there.
There's a ton more cars.
The detail's a lot bigger.
It's more colorful.
There's a lot more to do.
They have this whole ambient soundtrack in there
for when you're not listening to stuff that actually is contextual to what you're doing.
There's more animations.
There's just a lot more better AI.
They've basically taken every aspect of Grand Theft Auto 4,
split it all apart, and improved upon everything.
You know, combat in the game is a lot better.
One of the things I did notice, I have run into a couple glitches.
Let's be honest, there were a few glitches.
I ran into one where I was using Franklin's special ability,
which slows down time when you're driving to be able to maneuver quickly.
And I hit a fence in a certain way that when I undid the,
or when I turned off the power or whatever they had,
it flipped my car upside down.
I got stuck on top of a fence, which is kind of funny.
And then there was another one.
It was one of the other things.
Oh, I used to be able to run and jump and grab onto a wall and stuff like that,
but a lot of times it doesn't quite work the same way in 5.
And so you'll end up running to jump to grab something,
and instead it'll kind of flop against the wall and slam into the wall,
which is kind of funny.
But I don't know. It's just very...
If you've played 4, you just need to check out 5,
and it's going to be very obvious what they've done.
It's just improved kind of all around.
I'm pretty sure anybody who touched 4 is probably making their plans to get 5.
But here's the thing with 5.
I think even just in sandbox games in general,
I think this is a good example of what to do.
There's a lot of improvements with just...
Even though the world could be the same size,
the city is bigger, but it just seems a lot bigger
even in the same amount of space that they had before,
just all the detail that they packed in.
I lied. I thought of another question before we get to gaming weeks,
because before the show, TigerClod sent me this link
wondering if we were going to talk about it tonight,
and I thought now was a good time to bring it up.
There's an actual petition on change.org
that quite simply says to Rockstar Games,
don't make a PC version of Grand Theft Auto 5,
and the title of this is,
So PC Gamers Learn Their Lesson and Stop Stealing Games.
That is the most stupid thing I've ever seen.
How are most people playing Grand Theft Auto 5 right now if they're not in the press?
They probably stole it, so...
Playing it on PC has nothing to do with the ability to pirate a game.
I always thought the allure of PC was, well, for one,
some people like the keyboard and mouse and some people like PC,
but modding is huge on PC.
Well, you've got people like me who have problems with controllers.
Loki, care to comment?
There will be a PC version at some point.
There will be a PlayStation 4 version at some point.
It's already leaked out. It's in the configuration files
that they make reference to that stuff.
So it's coming. It's just they haven't announced it yet
because why would you cannibalize your sales
for this current gen?
It'll come out maybe a year later.
With DLC or something.
The thought was before, they were saying,
oh, well, you see, the PC version came out later for 4
than it did with...
I guess it came out later for 4 than it did for Max Payne or something.
Well, yeah, because 4 had an exclusivity thing on it
where it only came out on Xbox at launch.
And then later on, once that exclusivity ran up,
then it came out on PlayStation 3
and that's when the PC version came out as well.
So with that not being the case anymore,
I think it's just going to be that they're going to wait
for some systems to sell
and they're going to wait for the sales to start dipping down a little bit
because why would you say,
oh, yeah, by the way, the PlayStation 4 version's coming out
and no one's going to buy it because they're going to buy a new system?
Brad from Pod Culture asks,
now will Grand Theft Auto 5 be one of those $9.99 upgrades?
No way, Jose.
I mean, the $10 upgrade stuff is mostly for stuff this year anyway.
It's to encourage people to make the leap sooner rather than later.
So a game like Grand Theft Auto 5 kind of doesn't need the upgrade program.
It'll sell.
Also, if I may,
I would like to encourage people not to use change.org
because they sign you up for 50 million mailing lists
every time you sign a petition.
Unless you're going to sign this petition, then by all means go ahead.
No, if you're going to sign this petition,
then just don't tell me about it because I'll probably berate you.
Let's see.
Going to our chat room for more comments,
live.vognetwork.com, Datatrack says,
is it sad that all I really enjoyed was the electronic music
from the old Grand Theft Autos?
Well, that makes me think, how's the soundtrack for the game?
It's pretty good.
I also like the electronic music,
I haven't really been messing with the radio stations
because I forget, I think there's two electronica stations,
but I can only find one of them.
I do like how they change the way you do the radio stuff.
Now you hold down a button and then you select it from a,
there's like a radio selection that you select it from.
But yeah, there's a lot of music in the game,
a ton of music.
I think there's like 15 radio stations in it.
And even, like I said, when you're not listening to the radio
and you're just in a mission and stuff,
the contextual soundtrack that they have in there is really nice.
And plus, the other thing too is if you're sensitive to the N-word,
you might not want to pick up this game.
Just saying.
Well, all the other games kind of use that word
and other provoking words.
Yes.
There's a lot of, you know, because of Franklin's missions and stuff,
it has to do with gang banging and stuff.
So, I don't know, it's just interesting.
Seriously, check out the game.
I love this.
My phone just went off on Twitter.
I just got a tweet.
I retweeted it so you all could see there.
A tweet here from Marcus Boi, B-O-I, on tweet.
It says, Grand Theft Auto 5, you nasty addition.
And look at the box art.
Look carefully.
It's inserted there in the corner.
Oh, our listeners rule.
That's awesome.
Thank you for that.
I needed that.
Alright.
Is that all we're going to say on Grand Theft Auto 5 right now?
That's fine.
I'm sure you'll talk about it plenty more in the coming weeks.
Yes, plenty more.
When you have more time to get your hands on it.
Let's talk about some other games we've been playing this week.
And how was your gaming week?
Dark Sakura.
What other games have you been playing this week?
Final Fantasy XIV.
I'm almost 21.
They finally fixed my account.
I'm so happy.
I played Animal Crossing.
You didn't have to call them and get on them either.
No.
It just magically happened in the middle of the night.
It just happened on Monday.
What they were doing is they were actually handing out other
basically, like, for people who had the collector's edition,
they were handing out new collector's edition codes
so that you could put it on the proper account.
And then they said they would close whichever one was inactive.
So I actually went ahead and closed the inactive account myself
so that my characters would be okay.
And I played a little bit of Dragon Age Origins.
I'm going to be starting over on that one
just because I really do not like how my character turns out.
And I kind of... I was really...
I felt nauseous playing through the female city elf thing.
I was just really nauseous.
I don't want to finish the character.
And what else did I play?
Oh, yeah, I played some more Fractal,
which Fractal is my game that I don't really...
I mean, I care if I beat the level or not,
but it's one that I don't mind the challenge
because I'll get so close.
It's really a difficult game
once you get up into the higher levels.
And I am just short of beating level 20,
which I'm pretty proud of myself for making it that far
because there really is a lot to keep track of in that game.
Also, one of our listeners gifted...
I thought we were all gifted with a copy of Don't Starve,
but it came on my account.
I don't think I got that.
Oops.
It's fine.
Well, one of our listeners gifted me with Don't Starve, then.
So I haven't started it yet, but it's installed.
Okay.
I wanted to check that out,
so when the whole lending thing that we'll talk about later comes into play,
I'll have to check that out.
See, that's a really good thing
because for all of us who are into different games,
that gives us a chance to review everything.
Or was it today?
Because I haven't checked today.
No, it was a couple days ago.
Okay.
I was actually just half asleep, heard my email beep, and checked.
I was like, oh.
No, actually, I just want to say a big thank you to...
Well, A, I want to thank all of the listeners
who take the time to listen to this show every week
because it often kind of comes to light how many of you there are
that maybe aren't actively participating with the show,
but that are just listening,
whether it be on Stitcher or Apple Podcast app or whatever.
So I just want to say thank you for listening, for one.
But B, those of you guys that take the time and money
to actually buy us a game is such a cool, unexpected, nice thing.
Actually, one of our listeners, Codeman, got me out last this week,
which is supposed to be a super scary game.
And I think it's to egg me on to do a playthrough on Twitch TV
to do a playthrough of that.
But I just want to say I'm always very humbled by the generosity there.
Well, hopefully this week I'll have a chance to give it a better play
just because I've got nothing to do except school.
And now all the major holidays are over, thankfully.
And there's also...
Now, it's not a game, but I don't know if I've told people about it.
I might have mentioned it.
It's a neat little app, is what it is.
And I've been playing with it.
It's called Art of Glow.
And basically all it is is you draw and it animates everything
that you draw in different colors.
You can change how it does.
But I've actually been making kind of a game with it
by seeing how I can control the colors on it.
It's actually just a fun little waste of time.
But it's not a game, per se.
It's just a neat thing.
So I've been telling people about it.
It's called Art of Glow.
Is it free?
There's a free version, I believe.
And then that Final Fantasy XIV Libra came out,
which I've been playing around in.
Yes.
I do like that on Final Fantasy XIV,
every free company or whatever has a forum on the official thing.
If you go in and look, you can actually look at everybody's little character.
So I guess I should plug real quick,
if you are playing Final Fantasy XIV and you want a free company to join,
you probably would have to roll a new character
unless you're already on Midgarcimer as a server that we play on.
But we do have our free company there.
It's called End of Line.
And it's been active, and we're already rank 5 or whatever.
Shane's really good about getting that 5% experience boost perk every day.
So yeah, it's good.
Yeah.
We're having a fun time.
I'm actually on my third dungeon.
Nice.
So when people want to run it with me.
Not to sound, but I lost count.
I think I'm on Dungeon 11 or 12.
But it's nice that they have all that to kind of keep you going.
So it's good.
Well, and I like that actually people who are higher level
can go back and play with people who are lower level.
Oh yeah.
Instead of, you know, just...
That was a big annoying thing about WoW,
is that if I had friends at different levels, I couldn't...
Right. No, that is great.
Because yeah, and I totally...
Well, I think I did help you run a dungeon the other night, right?
So even though...
You grabbed my first two with me.
Yeah, so even though I was level like 35 or whatever,
I was able to kind of level sync down to where you were at.
And it wasn't a face roll thing.
It was actually still challenging.
I had to be alert.
It wasn't necessarily difficult, but it was still, you know, a game.
And right now, you know, like, because I've had high holy days
this past, you know, couple weeks,
and I've had that crap with my account going on.
So for me, I actually feel like I'm starting to catch up a little bit better, you know.
But it was still nice that, you know, I can do that to play with folks.
Which I would say I hope you had a happy holiday,
although I know it's not really happy.
So I hope you had an insightful...
An easy fast. Nope.
An easy fast. That's what they... Okay.
For Yom Kippur, don't tell...
Okay, everybody who does not know anything about Judaism,
never tell someone happy Yom Kippur because it's not a happy holiday.
You fast for 25 hours.
That alone does not sound happy.
With no water or food.
Oh my gosh.
Because you're supposed to afflict yourself.
Oh.
And, you know, no...
And this also was on Shabbat, so it was like no internet, no nothing, no work.
No fun.
But you spend the day basically being apologetic and introspective.
So if you want to wish somebody something, you can tell them Shana Tova,
you know, good new year, because it's right after Rosh Hashanah,
you can tell them to have an easy fast.
And that would be a pleasant thing to say.
Can I tell you like I'll totally buy you Taco Bell when it's over?
Yes, you can.
Fist bump.
Can you eat a juicy hamburger in front of them?
No.
It's so good.
Now you're being insensitive.
There's synagogue all day anyway, right?
Yeah, there's synagogue all day and there's no hamburgers at synagogue.
No in and out at synagogue.
No standing in the window.
All right.
No, I'll tell you.
Well, actually we have police at our synagogue, so they'd probably say,
move along, move along.
No, I like that.
I will use that next year.
I'll totally buy you Taco Bell when it's over.
Ew.
All right.
Just give me Adelbertos and then we'll say it's good.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week outside of the big one we talked about?
I played, actually, well, one sort of new game.
It was an old game, but new on PC.
I played Burnout Paradise because, hey, I got that in the Origin bundle,
so why not?
And it runs fantastic on PC, so played a bit of that.
And what else?
A little bit of Saints Row IV on PC, although I've kind of run out of things
to do in it, so I didn't play it for very long.
I was just checking out some of the new mods in there.
I have a hydraulics mod now that I All Ninja worked on,
so that's pretty sweet.
And what else?
Oh, also played a little bit of Call of Duty, and that's pretty much it.
My gaming week, I've also been playing an unhealthy,
bingeful amount of Final Fantasy XIV, but I'm not sorry.
But I did play some other games too.
I would take a break once in a while to play some other games.
One of the big games I've been playing, of course, huge release this week,
Kingdom Hearts HD on the PlayStation 3 was one I had to pick up
on the day it was released, and I've been playing that a little bit.
I haven't really been binging on Kingdom Hearts,
but I've been playing it enough.
It's so gorgeous in HD, even right from the very beginning.
You remember the very beginning of Kingdom Hearts,
like the stained glass princess floors?
You have to show me after the show.
Oh, it's so beautiful.
In the HD and everything, and the televisions,
those colors just really jump.
It's a really pretty game to look at.
And of course, it's the game you remember from the PlayStation 2.
It's not like they really changed the game.
Except, well, it is the final mix,
but I find those changes to be a little bit minor,
but I know for the Kingdom Hearts fans, it's a big deal,
and the fact that it's out in the U.S. for the first time.
So that's cool.
I don't know if it's that I got older or worse at video games,
or they changed something in the game,
but I'm having kind of a hard time being able to beat things
that I used to be able to beat really easy.
Like, earlier today, I was playing in the Olympus Coliseum.
I was doing the Cerberus Boss, and it's like,
I can't beat this guy.
Like, am I really this bad?
And it even took me a couple times to even just get to him,
and I'm like, I don't remember this giving me so many problems.
I get really frustrated with the camera still, too.
Granted, they did make some changes.
Some of the things that they had done with Kingdom Hearts 2
in regards to control and things,
they went back and did with this, which I'm thankful for.
I'm so thankful for the fact you can invert the X and Y cameras
and all that, too, and just kind of customize that.
So nice.
But yeah, I don't know.
Still, sometimes I have problems getting the camera
to do exactly what I want it to do,
and it's the whole fact that the character gets stuck
right in front of the camera and some of those weird issues.
But it has improved from the first game,
but the battle system can still sometimes frustrate you a little bit.
Like, that's not really going to change.
But it's still a gorgeous story, just a lot of fun to play.
And yeah, I plan on playing more of it throughout the week
and hopefully get even further in the game.
Do you have an option of Japanese dialogue?
Ooh, I don't remember.
Maybe somebody in chat can answer that for me, because I do not remember.
I just think it would be nice if they gave you the option
that you can have any of the music in Japan,
well, you know, the Itada Hikaru stuff or any of the dialogue.
I don't think so, because I don't remember that coming up
at the very start of the game.
There are different levels of difficulty, and to be fair,
I'm playing it on normal, quote-unquote, difficulty.
I didn't drop it down to easy because I didn't remember the game being that hard,
but I guess maybe I was playing on easy the first time.
I didn't realize it. I don't know. So, whatever.
And Captain Spike in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com confirms, nope.
Ooh, I mean, not that I mind Haley Joel, but...
Yeah, well, and to be fair, the Blu-ray is packed pretty full
because it's not just Kingdom Hearts.
They also have Chain of Memories HD, which I haven't even touched yet,
but that whole game is in there waiting for you to play.
And then they have 358.2.
That isn't playable, but they turned it into, like, a three-hour movie.
So you can just watch all the cut scenes,
and I think that's where all that voice acting and all that stuff kind of came in,
the extra stuff that they did.
So that's all on one Blu-ray for 40 bucks.
So that is a great value.
A couple other games I played this week just quickly.
I played... there's some free games on PlayStation Plus right now,
so I checked out Galaga Dimensions, which is actually a couple years old.
It just happens to be free on PlayStation Plus right now.
Kind of a twin-stick shooter based very loosely on the original Galaga,
very loosely. It's more of a twin-stick shooter.
But I like... at first, I kind of didn't get it,
but the more I played it, the more I kind of got into it.
I kind of understood, like, okay, at the beginning of each level,
it's like drawing the patterns the bugs are going to fly in,
and then it's really about kind of setting off the bombs at just the right time
so that everything kind of... yeah, these chain reactions and everything.
So I like a game that kind of peels back the layers and shows its depth
the more you play it, what might look stupidly simple in the beginning.
So I do give Galaga props for that.
That was... because I remember playing it on 360 a couple years ago,
and I was kind of like, meh, don't get it.
I didn't really buy it.
But now that I have it for free thanks to PlayStation Plus,
I've been having a good time with it.
And yeah, that's really about it.
I played Star Wars Pinball for like 30 minutes too,
which was also free and does things that you would never see a regular pinball table do,
like flying X-wings and stormtroopers that pop up on the table and shoot your ball.
So there is kind of that sense of ridiculousness,
but they are well-done games from what I've played so far.
I mean, Zen does a great job with all their pinball games.
So that is pretty much my gaming week in a nutshell.
I'm going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Robert M. in chat says,
I really can't get into Galaga Legion's DX personally.
For some reason the collision seems way too forgiving.
Yeah, I guess I could see that,
although I do notice that the game will do this slowdown thing.
Like if you're about to get hit, the game will suddenly like slow down and zoom in.
It actually does this in Pac-Man too.
I don't know if they kind of borrowed the idea from each other or what,
but it does this in Pac-Man too.
Like if you're about to die, the game will slow and that.
So it gives you a couple extra, not even a couple extra seconds,
like a couple extra milliseconds to react to it, which is kind of nice.
But I can see where that might also, just the whole collision thing in general,
might bug some more purists of bullet hell games.
Alright, that's really it as far as my gaming week and things I wanted to talk about.
So housekeeping, I don't really have a lot to say tonight.
So please follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
You can see that nasty thing I retweeted earlier.
That's always fun.
And follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Not a super busy week for news, if I'm not mistaken,
but a few big things to talk about tonight.
So look, you want to start us off?
Yeah, too busy of a week.
Okay, so let's talk a little bit about the announcement that was made on Sunday, actually.
There was the whole press conference thing going on in Japan for Sony.
They talked about a bunch of different game announcements and things.
One of which, of course, was the Vita TV.
Well, the Vita TV is this really small device that plugs into the TV.
It uses a DualShock 3 controller, which is not included with it unless you buy the more expensive bundle.
But it runs for about the equivalent of $99 US for the system itself or $150 with the controller bundled in.
And it acts like a Vita without the screen.
So you can play Vita games on it.
It has a spot for the memory card and for the Vita cartridges.
And you can also do the game streaming stuff that you can with the Vita.
Like, for example, you can stream PlayStation 3 games with it.
You can do PlayStation 4 games once that comes out.
The only thing that it's limited on is obviously you can't technically stream.
You can't play games that use the touch screen, obviously.
But yeah, you can play all the digital stuff.
You can watch Netflix on it because there's the Netflix app.
So all the stuff that you can do on the Vita except for the touch stuff is now on this device.
So you can play PSP games and PlayStation 1 games and all that fun stuff.
Is it just me or does it seem like some of the Vita games are kind of abandoning the touch stuff, especially the rear touch thing?
I can see that, but that's just almost the same way as a lot of the PlayStation 3 games abandoned the 6-axis stuff.
OK, this is going to sound horrible, but this is just how I've lost track of time lately.
Was that Japanese press conference this week?
It was Sunday night.
OK, that's why it was right after the show.
I actually stayed up for it. It was Sunday at 11.
I did too. So we should say at some point there's those new Vitas too, but do they even have the touchbacks?
No, they do. They're smaller and they don't have the OLED screen.
They have just a regular LCD screen.
And so they have that and they're a little bit cheaper, but they're multicolored and stuff and a little slimmer and all that fun stuff.
And I think they have one gigabyte of memory built in to the system.
Tigerclaw in chat says, why would you want to stream PlayStation 3 games on the PlayStation Vita TV when the PlayStation 3 is right next to it?
Well, this would be like the Vita TVs in your bedroom, right? And the PS3s in the living room or something like that?
That and also the fact that I think what this could be is when they actually do get to the point where they have their Gaikai streaming service available,
you don't even need a PlayStation 3 to stream PlayStation 3 games. You could play that stuff over the Vita.
I mean, eventually they're going to have it where it'll come to the Vita as far as streaming all sorts of things.
But I think this is mainly for playing Vita games, which I got to say is a great idea because even though the Vita does have the dual analog sticks,
though, it's still kind of awkward to hold.
And so I would love actually just having a dual shock available to be able to play that way, because I think that'd be great.
Yeah, I can't put my finger on it, but I really want one of these things and I don't even know why. They just look so cool.
It's a cheaper alternative. Let's put it this way. It's a cheaper alternative for a Vita and for a person like me that doesn't really play on the go.
I'm sitting on my couch anyways playing the Vita. This is fine because I'll just pop in a Vita game if I really want to play it and do that.
Hey, here's an idea. You know, I really wish they had this for like the 3DS, you know, where I can play with an external controller and play a game on my TV.
Like a Wii U controller?
No. That would be fine. Honestly, actually, that would be fine if that's the way they're going to get around having the second screen.
Although, to this day, I'm still saying that's a matter of time that they're going to have that where they will have 3DS games on the Wii U. It will happen.
The regular DS games first.
It just makes sense. Come on, they are lacking content anyways. They have a ton of fucking great 3DS games.
It seems like a simple solution.
Even DS games like Clubhouse Games and the Metroid Prime Hunters. God, there was a ton of shit on DS.
Pokemon! Come on!
Dungeonbuster in our chatroom says, I want one, the Vita TV. If anything, to be able to play PSP and Vita games I missed out on on a big screen.
It's a better $99 spent than buying an Ouya.
Oh snap!
I'm all down for that. There's good Vita games out there. At the time, I didn't really want to have a Vita for all that stuff.
But this is not a bad idea. The thing is, it's not planned for the US and Europe markets yet. It's just for Japan.
I think it will eventually come out over here, but I can see why.
Because they did just drop the price of the Vita and it doesn't make sense to have another device come out and undercut your device that you wanted to sell.
So I think they're going to come out with it later on. Maybe it doesn't work. Maybe it's just not enough to push the Vita, the additional software and the price cut.
Well, let's move on and talk about Xbox for a little bit. There was a couple pieces of news about Microsoft this week. Some I'll talk about, some Jamie will talk about in a minute here.
One of them has to do with the domain, the XB1.com domain. But the way it was capitalized, it more looked like the infamous term you hear around the internet, the Xbone.com domain.
Excuse me. Gotta love the hiccups on live radio. Microsoft got this domain back this week.
Major Nelson, in a public way on NeoGaf of all places, going public and saying that the Xbone name disrespects the people that created the Xbox One.
He said, quote, I don't like it. It disrespects the teams that have put in thousands of hours already into the development of the product.
Sure it's cheeky, but I don't care for it myself.
Then maybe you should have named your fucking console Xbox One, you dumbass.
Well, isn't that what they called it? You said they should have named it. You mean they shouldn't have named it.
Should not have named it the Xbox One.
Should not have.
Should not have.
Just like, you know, if you were Nintendo and didn't want penis jokes, maybe you should have named your console the Wii. I mean, it's just a thought.
All right. Well, what's interesting about this domain is that it was originally purchased on March 20th of 2000.
So this domain was bought a long time before there was ever an Xbox One. Some people are saying, wow, they just got lucky with the guess.
I'm more thinking, well, wasn't this around the time the first Xbox came out?
And so maybe some lucky person thought that they would be calling the original Xbox the Xbox One looking back because you look at the PlayStation One, the PlayStation Two, PlayStation Three.
I think, you know, a lot of people would think that you would call that original Xbox the Xbox One.
They probably never thought that they would go back and make a new console named the Xbox One.
Right?
That doesn't fucking make any sense.
No, I think somebody just got extremely lucky and somebody was counting on Microsoft having the PlayStation naming conventions back in the day, but they just held on to the domain name for whatever reason.
And that was where they got lucky.
I suppose they were getting hits. I don't know.
Then there was some pure wank on the Internet this week. I don't know what to think of this. I'm just going to put it out there.
Y'all can discuss.
An anonymous report, so there's that right there, was talking to Edge.
These were anonymous developers saying that the PlayStation 4 is in a better state of performance.
The hardware isn't locked yet, according to this source.
The PlayStation 4 apparently more capable.
The same game running on both consoles at 1080p at 30 frames a second is on PlayStation 4, but it will run on a lower resolution and frame rate on the Xbox One as of right now.
I believe Microsoft put out a comment about this later on that was basically like, it's bullshit to summarize.
But what do you guys think? Do you think there's any, I mean, sometimes where there's smoke there's fire with this stuff, so I'll entertain it for a minute.
But the comment that they made wasn't necessarily that it was bullshit, but that it's not just about speed, it's about all the specs together that make the console and type things.
So it's like, yeah, that may be the case, but it's not going to matter.
I don't think it's going to matter anyways because you're going to have, just like the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, spec-wise they were different.
So they still have to make the games perform pretty much the same on both systems.
So I think you're going to see pretty much the games playing the same on both systems. It's not going to be that dramatically different.
I think it has to play the same on both systems, or that's like, Microsoft would never put a system out there that can't handle it the same. You know what I mean?
Yeah, it's just not going to, you're not going to see something dramatically different. You're not going to have like, you know, Assassin's Creed 5 or something where it's stick figures on Xbox One and full 1080p graphics on the PlayStation 4.
It's just not going to happen that way.
Koopakid Jeremy in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, are the games fun? That's all I care about.
I do agree, and it goes back to that old golden rule, right? The system is only as good as the games that are on it.
But, you have to admit that if it does come out that, you know, such and such game, let's say Assassin's Creed 4 or whatever, runs at this particular speed on the PlayStation 4,
but the performance is five less frames a second on Xbox One, that's going to get out on the internet, and it's not going to make Microsoft look good.
In a way, that happened to Sony in the last generation, didn't it? Because I seem to remember with Oblivion especially, and I know I'm going way back, there was a lot of problems with PlayStation 3, and that was all over the internet, and a lot of that was blamed on the Blu-ray drive, if I remember right.
Well, there was Oblivion, Skyrim had issues, there was a lot of games that had issues on the PlayStation 3, so, yeah.
You know, and that stuff does get reported on and tweeted about and Facebooked messaged about, and it all adds up to not looking so good.
So, yeah. But I do agree at the end of the day, if the games are fun, that's the most important thing, which is what Nintendo's banking on in a big way, because these games that are going to run at 30 frames a second and what have you on Xbox One and so forth, aren't even going to be made for the Wii U.
So, Nintendo kind of has to bank on these games that are experiences that are only going to be on Nintendo, because most of them are by Nintendo, pushing that system through 2014.
Which Wonderful 101 came out today, did it not? And I'm hearing some good things about that. Still haven't played the demo, I'm a bad fan, but blame all these other things like Kingdom Hearts taking away my attention for a minute.
I wanted to check it out at some point. Alright, let's move on. You have something on Xbox as well, right?
Yes, I do, and I know I'm not the first to say something about this, I know Bobby talked about it, but it's, well, it's not necessarily on Xbox, it's taken from an Xbox idea.
And that is, well, we don't know specifically if it's taken from the Xbox idea, but it's a lot like it. It's basically the Steam Family Sharing Program.
Which is very interesting, because didn't we see something very similar to this, at least described on the Xbox One when they first made their press announcement, right?
So what this is, basically, is if, say, I have a game installed, but you want to play it and you don't own it, I can authorize you to play it.
And then that way we can share the game, but if I decide that I want to play it, you get a few minutes to save your game, or buy the game to continue playing it.
So it's a way to expose other people to a game, like, if I say, Rob, you really, really have to play Fractal. No, I mean, really, you have to play Fractal.
I can go, here, play Fractal, and you can download it and play Fractal. And then if I decide that I want to play it...
Which literally might happen, because I don't believe I own that game.
Yeah.
And I can be like, no, Jamie, Rogue Legacy, it's like Castlevania, but, like, fun, and, well, I mean, like, Castlevania is fun, but you know what I mean.
Like, it's an indie Castlevania that's a lot of fun, you need to check this game out, and I can be like, you know, here, go play this.
And then I will have to figure out if I have any space left with all the other Steam games on my system, because I have almost filled up 500 GB with games.
It's scary.
I probably should uninstall WoW now that I think about it.
But, at any rate, you know, it's, I can say, here, play Fractal.
And you can be, you can say that you have gotten into Fractal, and I was like, you know, I want to play, I want to try to beat my game now, so I want to log in.
Well, you have the option, then, to stop playing the game, you know, save your progress.
Or, you know, if you can be like, well, you know what, I'm at level 10, and I really like this game, I'm going to buy it.
Then you can buy it and keep playing, and I can go back to playing my game.
And I never have to walk into a GameStop, I don't have to hand anybody cash, I just click that little button that says, drain all the imaginary money from my bank account.
Exactly.
And the thing with this, too, is that, like, at my house, Dan didn't have a Steam account for a while, and now he has it for mostly his racing games.
And we play Borderlands together, but say that he wanted to try out, like, I just bought that, oh yeah, there's another game I didn't talk about playing, is that I played Duke Nukem 3D.
Because I bought the indie shooting thing.
But say that, you know, Dan wants to sit and play Duke Nukem 3D, and I'm not playing it, I just go, okay, you're authorized on yours, here you go.
And, you know, given that we're in the same house, you know, it doesn't really matter. I don't have to log out of my account for him to play my games.
But if you want to play your games, then he's going to get kicked out.
If I'm playing a different game.
Oh, I always thought that, oh, okay.
The way that I understood it is that it's just authorization on that game.
It's on all your games, your entire library.
So if you play any game, if you're playing Duke Nukem 3D or something like that, and he's playing Borderlands on your account, he will get kicked out of Borderlands.
While I'm at school, you know.
While you're playing Final Fantasy XIV, which isn't in your Steam library or something like that.
I mean, the only reason I linked it into my Steam is not one of my Steam games, I just run it through Steam to screencap.
Which, by the way, they booted that out, for the record.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, so I haven't been able to do my screencaps through Steam.
Well, that sucks.
I also haven't been able to do my Mass Effect 3 screencaps through Steam either, so.
That's weird.
But I can for two.
Well, it's very easy to take screenshots in Final Fantasy XIV, but granted, I get that you can't post them or do the cloud or your captions.
Well, no, you can't take screencaps during cinematics.
Oh, got it.
And that's what I was using. Steam 4 was taking screencaps during cinematics.
Tricky, tricky. Okay, I gotcha.
Yeah.
I gotcha.
Well, one thing I do want to make sure is very clear with this family sharing, because it was the same mistake a lot of people made with the Xbox version of it, which was a very kind of muddy, we didn't really know what, you know, all we knew was the negative with the DRM, we never knew the positive.
But this isn't that you can open this up to nine friends and family members and it's just open season on your library.
Down, you know, I buy a game and I basically get ten copies of that game, everybody can play it.
That is not what happens.
One person at a time in your library and that person locks your library, including from you, basically.
But you can take control back of your library at any time, but it will prevent that person from playing that game any further outside of, you know, 120 seconds or whatever to wrap it up and save or buy the game and keep going.
And I think it's a good feature and I think that they're handling it in a very intelligent manner.
You know, even if it's completely lucky at your account, like you said, what if I'm playing Final Fantasy and Dan wants to try out one of the other games I have or play through some, because I've got like the whole Doom set and all the old school games.
You know, if Dan wants to play through it, that's fine.
If I have a friend who wants to play Loom because she can't get her CD to work, I can say, oh, just play on mine, here, you're authorized.
You know, I think it works very well.
Or, you know, what other, I got another game on Steam.
Like, what if I wanted a friend of mine to play Mass Effect, the very first one.
I can be like, okay, because mine was a Steam version, here, you can play on my account.
Nice.
Here's a text mod thing, here's how to do all this crap.
You know, and it would be, I think it would be just fine.
Okay.
So, I mean, like, I think that it's a very good opportunity.
I think that it's better than demos, because people are having access to the full version of the game.
Right.
The moment that they're in, the moment they get into a game and they're inconvenienced about playing the game,
when, you know, you want your game back, that's going to give them even more encouragement to, you know, to buy the game.
Don't you think?
Yeah, I think it's a great idea where developers will kind of be able to get their game demos out there.
It's essentially kind of a demo, in a way.
Kind of.
And, you know, hypothetically, I could probably borrow one of your little games while you're out of town for a week or something,
and probably beat it in that time frame, but those cases are probably going to be less common than the cases where somebody is playing this epic RPG
and can't finish because you want to be able to play your games, so they have to buy it to finish it.
Like, for example, if I wanted you to play, god, now I can't remember the name of the game, Little Inferno.
You don't have it, do you?
I don't think so, no.
Well, I would love for you to play Little Inferno.
Yeah.
And you can beat it in a night. I beat the game in one day.
Nice.
So, it took me a few hours, but I also, you know, got all the combos and everything.
But, you know, if I wanted you to experience the joy that is this game and I'm going to be out for the night.
Mm-hmm. There you go.
What's the problem?
S2100 Matt in our chatroom says, I just wonder how it will work with MMOs, like DC Universe Online.
Will people be able to play on another person's account?
You can't.
It's free anyway, so why?
Yeah, anything that has, like, extra serial numbers or, like, basically MMOs and online games aren't going to apply.
It's anything that requires, like, you play, you can't do it. If you can't, if Games for Windows Live, you can't do it.
MMOs, you can't do it. That's pretty much it.
Stuff that requires an additional serial, like, for example, you can't play online, like you mentioned.
You need a code for that.
Mm-hmm.
So, yeah, those don't work.
I still, I'm looking forward to it.
Now, we're going to talk about this probably a little later in the show when we get into the Fugu Question of the Week.
So, if you haven't answered it yet, you might want to go answer it because we're going to read these a little later.
But, you know, when this news came out, I definitely sensed a lot of people on Twitter, especially Xbox fans,
were a little irritated that Steam announces this and gets praised, whereas Xbox really got dogged for this whole thing with the DRM and everything.
And I personally feel there are two very, this is, it's comparing apples to oranges a little bit, and I think sometimes people forget that.
I'll get into that a little later.
But we want to know what you think, and, you know, there's no right or wrong answer.
So, go answer our Fugu Question of the Week if you haven't yet.
We're going to get into those a little bit later in the game, or in the show.
For now, let's go on with some more news.
One thing, I would like to repeat what Spike said in the chatroom.
The information released indicated that games that require their own keys and accounts would not be shareable.
Yeah.
So.
Alright, so, something coming out of Kickstarter.
You'll be seeing a lot of these old game resurgences, and one of which is River City Ransom Underground.
It's a licensed, officially licensed sequel to River City Ransom, done in kind of the 8-bit style of River City Ransom.
And they kind of took the 8-bit graphics and obviously added more color to them and stuff.
But it's in the same style, and they're seeking $180,000 Canadian by October 9th.
And they'll probably make it.
It looks awesome.
Right now they're at about a third of the way, and it's only been seven days.
And it looks pretty sweet.
I looked at it. I almost put some money on it.
I'm kind of with Loki, though, where it's like, it's got to be a really good Kickstarter at this point for me to jump on beforehand.
Because there's just too much out there now where it's like, I don't want to buy all these games, I'm not going to see for a year.
Yeah, exactly.
This is expected out September of 2014.
And you know they always get, nothing ever comes out in time.
So 2015 or end of 2014, it's like, I'd rather just keep my money now and then I'll buy it when it comes out.
If I have time for it.
I don't want to back anything.
Unless it's hardware that I'm pre-ordering, like an Oculus Rift or something like that, that's a little different.
But if it's a digital game, I'll just buy it when it comes out.
I want an actual Kunio sequel, not branded under River City Ransom.
I loved going back and playing the PC Engine version of the hot-blooded downtown story.
It was fun. It was quirky.
But is that really possible at this point, or is this really, you know, we're having to settle here?
I think it's having to settle, really, but I mean, that's just sort of like, maybe not.
Well yeah, it's like, I want to wish these guys well, and good luck, and I love the idea, and I hope the game's great, but I'll see you when you come out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, now I might be tricked into kickstarting something like this if this were the way this game were to go, because I did love me some Geometry Wars.
And Geometry Wars was really, I mean, let's be real, Geometry Wars was like the best launch game on the Xbox 360.
Because it sure as hell wasn't Cameo, or some of those other 360 games.
Geometry Wars was an awesome $5 game, and then they had Geometry Wars 2, which was also one of the better Xbox Live Arcade games they ever did.
And hell, Geometry Wars was free if you happened to get Project Gotham Racing.
Right, which, you know, of course, this whole thing started as a spinoff in Project Gotham Racing, like this little inside joke that just grew into a phenomenon of sorts.
I remember, it's one of the few huge interviews we had on the show when they put out the Wii version of Geometry Wars, remember that?
Yeah.
Which was a really great game, too, which is sad, a lot of people didn't really check it out.
We had those guys on the show, and, you know, the Wii version was great, too.
Unfortunately, as you all know, Bizarre Creations was closed in 2011 after Blur didn't do so hot in some of the 007 games.
So why am I bringing it up now?
Well, Phil Spencer, who's right now the corporate vice president of Microsoft Game Studios, said on Twitter, you know, take it or leave it,
quote, I like Geometry Wars. Great game from the old Bizarre Creations.
Activision picked up IP when they bought Bizarre Creations.
And then somebody followed up with a question like, you know, would you work with Activision on a new game or buy the rights to it?
Spencer said, quote, oh, I'll respond. Let's just say as someone who worked on Project Gotham Racing, I have a lot of love for Geometry Wars.
Conversations have been had.
Oh, that was the tweet that drove everybody crazy. Somebody's talking about it, bringing back Geometry Wars.
So I'm a little surprised that if something was going to happen, it hasn't already.
But do you think maybe this is something they're sitting on until the Xbox One or the inevitable next Project Gotham Racing game?
It would be a nice launch title. I just don't think it's going to be a launch title.
Well, no, we'd know about it by now if it was. Is there a Project Gotham? No, there's not a Project Gotham at launch because there's a Forza, right?
They're going to have a conference, though, or a presentation at Tokyo Game Show.
Microsoft, that's ironic, but, you know, they're going to.
But you never know. By the time, after all, PlayStation 4 doesn't come out until February, so they very well could launch before February. It is possible.
It is possible. Well, I hope they are able to bring this franchise back. It was great, but here's the other thing, too.
If they do bring it back, it needs to still be good. So I don't know if that's, you know, hiring back some of the people who worked on it before if they're not already happy somewhere else or what.
But don't just make another game, you know, with completely different people and then have it suck because we've seen that happen to other franchises and it's always depressing when that stuff happens.
So before we get into release dates, Darkstalkers got a story for us.
I do, and it makes me kind of happy, but kind of wary and sad at the same time.
It has to do with the next Mass Effect, because we all love some Mass Effect here. Well, at least two out of three of us like Mass Effect.
And two out of three ain't bad.
And two out of three are correct. So they are calling it, at present, Mass Effect 4, at least I guess that's their development name.
And there are a series of quotes out about that from Casey Hudson, and he's saying that they're basically reworking the universe, going to make it new, and that it's not going to be about Shepard, but that it could be about people who were in the previous Mass Effect games.
So, who knows, you could be any one of the crew, you could be the Elusive Man, which, why would anybody want to be him, because he sucks. Chainsmoker.
But they were also saying that it was supposed to be a new fictional world, so I don't know if it's supposed to be alternate universe, another story, just something else occurring within the established canon.
I personally want to see something less human-centric, but I know why they make it human-centric, because people will more easily get into the series.
And I'm actually, you know, part of me would like an MMO, but I would really rather have just another standalone game with, you know, the same awesome multiplayer that Mass Effect 3 had. Don't you think?
Sorry, I only heard the second, I'm sorry, I only heard the first half of that, my bad. I'm multitasking, leave me alone.
No, you're single-tasking. No, I was like, there had been some rumors about it being MMO-style, and I, well, I think it was-
That could be like Borderlands, though.
Yeah, I think it would be fun to play around in that universe, but I would still rather have a single-player game that has all the same cinematic, to quote a mutual friend of mine in Becky's, it's the best movie I've ever played.
And I would like another experience like that. I would like to, you know, see more things about the other races, not have it just be human-centric, but understand that it was focused on humans, because that would be what would get people more easily immersed in the game.
Uh, Tigerclaw in our chatroom says, how about Garrus as the main character from Mass Effect 4? Well, that would make the fandom happy.
I would totally play Garrus the game.
I thought BioWare was trying to get away from that universe, though. I mean, like, that whole story in Shepherd's Crew and all that, I thought they were trying to kind of do something completely different.
But there'd be plenty, I mean, I still think that there would be plenty to go on in a post-Reaperpocalypse world, or universe, or galaxy. I should say galaxy.
Uh, SSJ100Matt says, so would this next game be the Star Trek Voyager to Mass Effect 1 through 3's Star Trek Next Generation?
I don't know, because Voyager was shit.
Hey, I liked Voyager, so I'm gonna say hopefully, although apparently it will divide the fandom epically if that happens. So we'll see.
Alright, let's travel around the universe and check out release dates coming to a planet near you, starting with the US. Loki?
Uh, there's Hot Wheels, World's Best Driver, that's on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS, and who gives a shit?
And, uh, I think maybe Wii U, I don't know. Who cares? There's also some stupid karaoke game, you know, Wii, Wii Sing 80's or something like that, that's on the Wii.
And, uh, you know, the only game you really should get this week, Grand Theft Auto 5, that's on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
So there you go, Grand Theft Auto 5, your shopping's done, buy it, it comes out tomorrow. Or, not tomorrow.
You're not biased at all!
I'm not, oh, I'm not biased. Hot Wheels, World's Best Driver, a game based off a YouTube series that has no Hot Wheel cars in it, it's just about fuckin' rally driving with a really stupid premise built in.
Like, oh we have all these teams, we're telling them to do this strategic driving, which is like a really short course anyways.
And then we have a karaoke title that they imported from the UK that's just lame on a Wii system.
And then you have Grand Theft Auto, the game that's gonna get perfect 10 reviews. I don't think you're gonna see perfect 10 reviews from Hot Wheels.
You're so easily wound up, I love it. Alright, going to Japan, since unfortunately no Grand Theft Auto 5 in Japan this week.
Do they get Grand Theft Auto 5 at some point? Eventually.
Alright, so instead, on the Playstation 3 this week, you have Fairy Fencer F to look forward to, over there.
And, uh, I don't think they are actual fairies, just so you know. It looks like one of those epic RPGs.
Actually, it looks kinda cool, and it's by Compile, although I know the Compile of today is not the same as the Compile of yesterday.
Compile Heart, excuse me.
But we can still give them a little love.
That's right, we can. That game does look kinda neat, so you got that coming out this week, regular and limited edition.
Phantom Breaker Extra, also in regular and limited edition on the Xbox, excuse me, on the Playstation 3 this week.
And that Phantom Breaker is a fighting game, with chicks in sailor suits.
Going on to the Xbox 360, because it is still chugging along over there for the loyal supporters in Japan.
On the Xbox 360 this week, Alan Wake gets a price reduction.
Halo 3 gets a price reduction, including Halo 3 ODST, Halo Reach, Halo Wars.
And then the Phantom Breaker Extra game I mentioned earlier is also coming out this week on the Xbox 360.
There's also a couple new Xbox console packs themselves, a 250GB one and a 4GB one that also includes Kinect.
So, I guess a soft launch, if you will, of the Xbox 360 and some new SKUs.
Hope they're cheap.
On the Playstation Vita this week in Japan, Yahari Game Demo Ore no Saishin Love Komei wa Machigateru comes out this week in regular and limited edition.
I'm just trying to see quickly what this game is all about.
This one is, this is a dating sim, totally a dating sim.
Yep, totally a dating sim, but you know, everything you expect.
Beach outfits, notes written on notepaper, all that stuff.
Quickly checking the Nintendo platforms to see what we have to look forward to there.
Unfortunately, nothing on the Wii U this week. They don't have any releases until the 26th of September.
But on the 3DS this week, a little more to choose from.
Jewel Master, Nobunaga no Yabu, also Sangokushi comes out this week, all on the Nintendo 3DS.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
There's some stuff. God, if it'll ever load, thank you.
Okay, so, on the 17th we have Grand Theft Auto 5 in the UK.
On the 19th, Angry Birds Star Wars 2, and what the hell just happened to my thing?
Okay, and on the 20th we have Turbo Super Stunt Squad, which, ew, snails. That's it.
Alright, just a few more stories before we get to the classic game of the week. Loki.
They're not just snails, they're snails on NOS, okay?
No, that is like my big phobia, are mollusks of that nature.
Yeah, it's even better when they moved at turbo speed, they can just...
No, no, no, no, la la la la la la la.
Okay, so, this is kind of interesting. Here we thought that this channel was just done for.
They put the bullet into it, and it was just done.
Put up from the grave like a zombie, rises G4.
A husk of, well, pretty much nothing at this point because they fired all their staff, so...
G4 will no longer become the Esquire Network.
Instead, that wonderful title goes to Style Channel, now is going to be the Esquire Channel.
But what's going to happen to Bill and Juliana?
Here's the thing about Style, though. Style was like a totally different demographic, I think, than the Esquire Channel.
Wasn't that focused more like women and stuff? And now it's like, oh, men channel.
Well, here's the thing, it was in more homes. And I think at the end of the day, that's what they're trying to do,
is they're trying to get, they're going to push the Esquire Network on a channel that's in more homes.
I don't think this is about they suddenly wanted to give G4 a reprieve.
G4 is like a lame duck network now. I mean, what the hell do you do with G4?
How do you solve a problem like the G4 network?
I don't even know how they can, I mean, the only thing I think is it's going to be the Cops and Cheaters rerun channel again.
It's the rerun network. They're not doing any original programming at this point.
Yeah, they got rid of all the original programming, all the hosts and everything,
so unless they come up with some new content, which I don't see happening, does that mean we're still going to have G4 at E3?
No, no, that's not going to happen. And BlackWolf in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
G4 died in 2004, end of story. And for all practical purposes, I think we banned all talk of this network in the future on the show.
However, I'm entertaining it tonight because, you know, it is interesting to think like,
well, I mean, even though I think, you know, this network is damned, it's done for.
I would have been more interested if they said, tech TV's coming back.
Well, is it possible that maybe they'll try to launch the network with this space that maybe should have been?
I mean, that's going to mean an investment or somebody's going to have to come in and buy it,
and I don't really know if that's going to happen, but it is interesting that they have all this space and nothing to do with it.
You would think that they're going to try to repackage it and launch it as something, and that might entail additional contact.
Well, you bring back Leo Laporte and Patrick Norton on screensavers, I'll sign up for cable and watch that shit,
but until then, I don't give a shit about reruns of, you know.
Just pay those twit guys in Petaluma to be on basic cable?
Hell yeah.
If they want that, they probably don't.
They've moved on. Everyone's moved on.
Everyone's moved on.
It's nice to think, I'm just saying, not that we love doing OLR, and we're all getting to be in our mid-thirties, but we're available.
We'd be cheap too.
Hey, exactly, I said I will sell out in a second. You don't understand.
I'll take a paycheck. I don't care. I'll introduce videos of cheaters if you want me to quip about something.
You know, I don't care what you want. Hey, this episode of Cops is classic. We've got this, you know, druggie guy.
He tries to jump over the fence, but a dog grabs him in the ass. That's hilarious. Let's watch that clip.
And I'll introduce things too, like, okay y'all, this is that episode of Cops where they try to arrest the drag queen, and he's all, excuse my beauty.
So, don't change the channel.
This'll be me.
Here's some shit. Watch it. I don't care.
No, you would be like Dr. Claw where you would only allow your arm to be shot on video while you're petting Midna.
While I'm petting, while trying to get Midna to sit freaking still.
Well, wasn't that an enthusiastic episode of Campus PD?
Up next, cheaters, followed by a rerun of MacGyver.
No, Rob, do you know what I would be? I would be the Kennedy.
Remember the MTV days.
I liked Kennedy. She was awesome.
Remember the, I got voted the least loved VJ, and she had the tiara and everything.
Do you want to know a story that not a lot of people know?
Okay, tell me.
That has to do with Kennedy?
Tell me.
I don't know if I should admit this on the air.
Do it.
Okay, so like many years ago when I was in high school, I was probably like a senior in high school, so it was a long time ago, right?
Would have been 96, right?
That's not a long time ago.
There used to be this show on the radio that I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard of called Love Line.
And Love Line, back in the day, had Adam Carolla, right?
And Dr. Drew, which I think Dr. Drew still does it.
Yeah, he does it.
I think so, amongst all the other stuff he does.
Well, I called in one night, and I called in because Kennedy was the guest.
And I just wanted to talk to Kennedy, so I think I asked, I don't even remember what it is I asked all these years later.
But I was on an episode of Love Line talking to Kennedy, and I think it was something like,
what's your advice to somebody who's trying to get into business?
Because at that time, I was thinking that I was going to go into broadcast journalism and all this stuff in college,
and that's the type of stuff I really wanted to do.
I wanted to do that type of radio stuff.
Look where I ended up.
Thanks, Kennedy, for your shitty advice.
I wonder what happened to her.
I'm sure she's still around and doing all that.
I think she did political stuff later on.
But anyway, she said, and it's really funny because they had to dump this from the air.
She said, well, don't work for the guy in Bleep. That guy's a dick.
And Adam Carolla goes, we're on in that station, you idiot.
So they had to dump that from the airwaves.
So if you want to know what town she said, it was Portland.
Don't work in Portland.
So that's the advice I got.
So yes, if you didn't know, I was on Love Line when I was 18 or something like that.
So there you go.
Sorry, no juicy relationship questions for you.
Lisa Kennedy Montgomery.
She hosted a game show on Game Show Network, The Friend or Foe.
But that was about ten years ago at this point.
By the way, don't feel bad because my 20-year reunion is next year.
No, it's fine. I'm at peace with the fact that I'm 35. It's all good.
You know what? I'm 35 and awesome.
Now I'm 37 in a row.
All right, playing games like this one that I'll be looking forward to.
Final Fantasy Agito is going to be out on iOS and Android.
Wasn't this the game that was supposed to be part of the Final Fantasy XIII mythos and all that?
Well, this finally is coming out.
It's in the same universe as Final Fantasy Type 0, which was a PSP game in Japan.
And it's in that same universe.
It's going to be a free-to-play app for iOS and Android,
which means you'll probably get to play the first part for free,
and then you're going to have to buy everything.
The play will be divided between solo play and team play.
There will be missions based around individual characters,
and there will be bosses that you fight as team play.
We don't know what release day this is, but it is something that will come out soon.
Speaking of Square Enix, I just want to do a quick follow-up.
Last week we talked about Theatrhythm Final Fantasy Curtain Call,
and it was suggested this could be a sequel to Theatrhythm,
and I was sitting here going, no, it's probably just like a year-end edition
that's going to package everything together.
Well, I was wrong. Go figure.
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy Curtain Call will be coming to the Nintendo 3DS in 2014 at some point.
It will be in Japan in spring.
200-plus tracks, 60-plus characters, and a versus battle mode.
They say songs from Final Fantasy XIV, as well as Lightning Returns, Final Fantasy XIII-3,
are some of the games featured in that, so it sounds like it's going to be even bigger and better.
200 tracks is a lot of tracks, but when it's all music from your own company,
that shouldn't be too difficult to put together.
I wonder if it will just have all the regular tracks from Theatrhythm 1.
That would be interesting if they went that way.
All right, well, let's go back to a time when things were a little bit simpler.
There was not 200-plus songs in a game.
There was like maybe five, and you liked it.
It's the Classic Game of the Week,
where Dark Sakura's going to go into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you kids should check out this game because it's cooler than you.
Dark Sakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
The Classic Game of the Week is Valis, the Phantasm Soldier,
or as it was called, Mugensenshi Vadisu in Japan.
It was the first game in the Valis series,
and it originally came out on the MSX and PC-88 home computers in 1986.
And then later on there was a Famicom version,
and then there was a Sega Mega Drive version,
which I'm sure is the one that most people remember,
either the Mega Drive version or the re-release that came out on PC Engine CD or Turbo Duo CD.
So the game is basically a side-scrolling platformer.
You are a girl in a school uniform with a sword beating shit up.
And then later on she gets all magical outfits and everything.
But the big part with this game is that it was one of the first magical girl games that,
well, kind of magical girl games that came out,
you know, that got a US release and was really popular.
Now, the interesting thing about this is that the Famicom version was absolutely different from the game.
It had the same plot of the game, but it basically was more of a maze-style game with different paths,
so it's supposed to be a lot harder.
For the Mega Drive game, it was pretty much side-scrolling, D-pad, hack, slash, slide, jump, swing your sword,
that type of thing, and you did have magic attacks.
There was a promotional video that came out with the game's release,
but it's hard to find. I don't think you can find it anywhere, however, the entire thing is on YouTube.
So, now with Valis, if anyone does want the PC Engine version,
or I should say the PC Duo or Turbo Duo version,
it actually comes with a Valis 1 and 2 collection, so you get two games for the price of one.
But this is one of the classic RPGs that came out on Sega Systems, so definitely get it.
Alright, I've never played this game, I'm just watching the little footage.
Well, the overall story is basically, it's a Japanese schoolgirl whose name is Yuko.
Look at those fancy effects where the pillars sometimes scroll in front of her,
as opposed to behind her. That was cutting edge for the time there.
Well, but she used a sword called Valis to defend the earth and the spirit world and the dream world.
I'm looking at some of these later stages now.
Yeah, and there were more sequels, I mean, we had Valis 2, Valis 3, Valis 4.
I think I played one of the later Valis games. I seem to remember Valis 3 and 4, I think I played one of those.
Yeah, and I'm trying to remember, let me see what it was that Valis 4 came out on.
Valis was also on the NES, I'm looking at this related thing.
That's what I'm saying, the Famicom version, but it was more of a maze game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Valis 4 was on the Super Nintendo, or as it was known in Japan as a...
No, it was actually called in America too, Super Valis 4, which was on the Super Famicom or Super Nintendo.
But Valis 3 did come out on PC Engine because I do have that game.
And with Valis 3 is basically you play as Yuko, but she has a couple other characters that are there named Valna and a warrior named Cham who are also in the game.
But I might cover the later Valis games at another time, but it has to start somewhere, so going with the first Valis is pretty safe.
The Game Buster in our chat room says, I played Valis 3 on the Genesis. I think that's one of the ones I played too.
I think I played a later one because a friend of mine had it.
But still, it's nice to know where those games came from, right?
Well, there was a...
What was I trying to think? Because I think it had a different release.
Was this one ever released on Wii?
I don't think it had a Wii release.
I don't think it was.
Because this would have been perfect. The Valis 1 and 2 set for PC Engine would have been a perfect Wii store.
Well, you never know. There's always time on the Wii U Virtual Console, so you'll see.
As long as it still has life in it.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week. Valis, the Phantasm Soldier.
Alrighty, let's do a music break, guys.
When we come back, there is plenty more Orange Launch Radio to come.
We have some rapid-fire news for you guys.
The FUGO Question of the Week.
And, because we haven't done it in a little while, we're going to do a List List tonight.
We've got List List on deck for tonight because it's been a while.
We will have a special guest calling in to help us with that.
So stay tuned, guys, so you too can participate and play along here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Because remember, we have our new fancy little Bobby Blackwolf-programmed List List game thing.
So get your butt over to live.vognetwork.com so you can play List List with us tonight.
Coming up when Orange Lounge Radio resumes here right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, episode 519 already in progress here at VOG Network.
September the 15th, 2013. Boy, this year is almost over.
But it is my favorite time of year right now because that is when pumpkin all the things come out at all the various stores.
I'm very happy. I'm not just talking about pumpkin spice lattes, so don't get me wrong. Those are really good.
Although, one of the other coffee stores has a maple that's really good too, but I love pumpkin. I love pumpkin.
I did have a pumpkin muffin not too long ago.
Yum.
It was the cream cheese.
Alan and I at Target the other day got pumpkin waffles because I guess that's like a seasoned thing now that Eggo does like seasonal waffles.
But I was very happy because Noah's, not only does pumpkin bagels this year, but they have a pumpkin walnut bagel that is real good.
It's like eating dessert for breakfast. I love it.
You know what we need to do one day when it's an I can eat wheat day?
Yeah.
We need to go to Coco's.
Okay.
Get their pumpkin pancakes with pumpkin whipped cream.
Oh, it's going to be that time of year. I hop soon too.
Oh my God.
Pumpkin all the things.
Pumpkin all the things. Alright.
During that break, which I know you guys don't get to hear it on the podcast, but we play some songs for the live listeners while we take a quick break to rest our voices, refill our drinks and so forth, use the restroom.
During that break, Loki picked one of the songs tonight that we heard tonight. What was that?
It was a parody of Prince Ali from Aladdin called DLC. That was so stupid.
Sorry.
You know how to pick them. That was sure dumb.
I thought it was funny.
Alright.
But what was awesome was the Grand Theft Auto 5 you were playing during the break. You ran over there real quick and turned it on.
You were able to show me the little roller coaster sequence on the pier. That looked pretty cool.
Yeah.
I was trying to dive into the water too, but unfortunately I picked the spot that was too shallow and so I dived in the water and smacked my head on the ground.
I did get to see it in water.
It was, yeah.
It was something.
Alright.
Anyhow, we are going to do a few rapid fire news stories here and then the Fugu question of the week coming up and then listless before too long.
So I know you guys are excited for that and you can play along with us if you are here live.
I'm sorry, podcast listeners. We don't have a way you guys can participate with us yet.
That is coming. That's a 2.0 upgrade later on. So more like 3.0 at this point.
Alright, Loki, why don't you start us off with rapid fire news?
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about the Humble Bundle 9, which I had to buy because unfortunately I am addicted to buying Humble Bundles.
I am totally addicted to buying Humble Bundles and I bought this one too, the day it was announced.
So it came with some wonderful games including Fez, Mark of the Ninja, also Brutal Legends, Trying 2, and Faster in the Light.
Of course, that's just the initial offering. Oh, and Eats Munchies. I guess that's the sequel and that's going to be in beta.
Faster in the Light and Fez, of course, are if you beat the average, which is only $4.59 right now. It actually went down in price.
I know I have to give away a copy of Mark of the Ninja at some point because I already have that game.
I'm surprised we don't have Brutal Legend yet, but the other ones I did not.
And of course they will be adding more games probably closer towards the end of the pay period there.
So another nine days, so probably announcing some more games by the end of the week maybe.
It's worth checking out.
And to go along with Grand Theft Auto 5, they have this wonderful fake website that they made called, I see, I called it Lifestalker.
It was Life Invader. Still funny. But what's kind of cool about Life Invader is it's actually a real website you can visit.
So lifeinvader.com. You can go stalk a bunch of people on there just like following them I guess.
And what's kind of cool though is it ties in with your Rockstar Social Club account and you can stalk different businesses and it actually gives you in-game discounts and perks that way.
So it's kind of a cool little thing that they had to do. And of course it plays a part in the game.
And Rockstar is taking advantage of the cloud. I noticed that when you booted up the game there was a special little icon for when Rockstar is uploading info to the cloud.
So they can do things like this where you do something on the internet that impacts your game.
Well that's also going to be mainly for the multiplayer portion with Grand Theft Auto Online because there's a way you can quick switch between the characters.
And the fourth quick switch option is your multiplayer character. So you'll be able to jump into it right away.
Jumping back to your previous topic real quick because we have a good question here from Robert M. in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com says,
Hey, are Humble Bundle games win Mac Linux still? I'm sure there's no Mark of the Ninja or Fez on Mac and Linux.
Didn't I read somewhere that Fez was making its Linux debut with this Humble Bundle?
Usually we'll say when they're on which platforms they're on. Sometimes the Humble Bundles aren't on all platforms. Sometimes they are. It depends.
In this case I believe, let's see here, for Fez it is making its Mac and Linux debut.
There you go.
Mark of the Ninja is making its Mac and Linux debut. So these new platforms are debuting with this Humble Bundle. That's awesome.
Like Trine 2 is not Linux but it is Mac. You usually just watch the video and it should clarify which games are and are not.
Sometimes it will also clarify what platforms they're on. For example the Origin bundle I don't think was Linux.
There's been some other ones that have not been Linux.
Well good question from the chatroom so I wanted to clarify that.
And you also get soundtracks by the way too.
Alright and then on top of that there was also another announcement this week.
Of course Apple doing their announcements of the new iPhones and stuff.
So the iPhone 5s is going to be the brand new iPhone and along with that you're going to get Infinity Blade 3.
Which is going to launch September 20th and is even more amazing because now they have the wonderful graphics chips and stuff like that in the new phones.
So yeah that will be coming soon.
And was it me or was it Infinity Blade going kind of weird? Like what's this futuristic shit in there? I don't know.
I haven't played since the first one but it looks nice. Something to look forward to if you're getting one of those new phones.
Which I'm not but it's not enough of an upgrade and I'm already locked in a two year contract with my current phone.
But if I was up for renewal I probably would be going to the 5s because I didn't have a 5 yet.
Ah it's one of these stupid pages I'm on that has an autoplay something something. Sorry about that. I don't know which one that was.
It made your comment that much more dramatic.
It did a little bit didn't it? Alright so let's hope that doesn't happen again.
So quickly I'm going to go through some news here.
Possibly a Majora's Mask remake on 3DS question mark.
Because of course we had Ocarina of Time was remade for the 3DS and it was pretty well received and did quite well.
So a lot of folks were asking for a Majora's Mask.
So there was a little bit of a tease there.
Anuma, EG Anuma that is who is the Legend of Zelda series producer was questioned by IGN about it.
Quote, please write that I laughed. Don't make it sound like that I laughed because I was troubled or inconvenienced or put out.
I don't want them to read anything into it. But if you want to say that I laughed I think that would be a good answer.
It's really up to them if we want to interpret my laughter as yeah we're making it or no we're not. I guess that's really up to them.
I didn't read jack shit into that but some people are clinging to that as oh it could be information about Anuma Jora's Mask.
Would it have been different if he said I sharted? Don't read into that.
It's like I'm just gonna make the game but there's a little bit of poo.
So that doesn't mean it's bad poo.
Anyway moving on.
Stories about DJ Max Technic EQ is something.
Oh I know what that is.
It's more epic.
It's that side. I think that side was.
Alright so I'll try to summarize it for you guys from what I remember. DJ Max Technic EQ it was announced for iOS and Android.
That was pretty much the big thing right which is interesting because DJ Max they had the PS Vita version that I liked and I thought it did well but I guess not well enough to necessitate future games.
That's sad.
Because I don't think they're making anymore on the PS Vita.
But like all games.
Did that come out over here? Was that one of those things you had to import?
No it did come out here. I think it was only available on the store.
No you could get it through Amazon in really limited quantities.
Alright and then what ought to have the epic music behind it is Star Trek Pinball.
And this is actually an arcade thing.
Star Trek will be getting a new pinball table thanks to Stern.
There's a video out there that shows the play field.
It's more hand drawn they say than more like the CG slash photoshop information we usually see.
It will have to do with the reboots so if you're not a big fan of those you might be disappointed.
But it will use elements from the reboot movies. It's not strictly based off one or the other.
That's too bad. I thought for a second there that we'd see Jean-Luc Picard teaching us about the quadruple take.
Well there was a table with Next Generation.
There was a Next Generation table.
You can do that.
Looking at the pictures that you had on there it sort of looks a little bit like the Next Gen table.
But I don't know. Dan has a friend who buys all the Stern tables when they come out.
So I'm sure I will get to see it.
Excellent.
He's got the limited edition Tron table which oh my god.
It has like this frosted glass top on it.
Nice.
Oh it's beautiful.
I only got to play it like the one time real quick at Disneyland. I want to play it again.
You know what else was pretty hot?
I was playing Metallica pinball with the speaker right by me.
Oh my god that game is awesome.
Okay.
Alright Dark Soccer what do you have for us for rapid fire news?
Metallica pinball.
No. For rapid fire news.
This one I brought up just because I know we have a few racing game fans out there.
So for anyone who is looking forward to F1 2013.
The Ferrari that was driven by Nikki Lauda is supposed to be in the game.
So for fans who are into racers there you go.
You get a classic Ferrari in game.
And then I've also been watching a lot of Top Gear.
Also in this is some pretty interesting news.
For Ridge Racer news.
Ridge Racer.
Yeah.
There is going to be a free to play PC racing game called Ridge Racer Driftopia.
That's part of Steam's early access program so it should already be out.
And thank god we finally have new Ridge Racer news.
Because I was like how can it be that we have two consoles launching this year and neither one of them have Ridge Racer.
What is up with that?
It's a shame.
I know. It's a sham is what it is.
Well the Driftopia beta has already been out for PS3.
It's a public beta and they said that the official release in Europe is supposed to be not too much later this year hopefully.
Well Steam you've officially made it. You have a Ridge Racer game.
Ridge Racer.
And happy happy happy Puyo Puyo Tetris.
I'm just trying to figure out how Puyo Puyo and Tetris would breed.
But apparently it's Tetris with.
But they're going to try. God help them.
I'm wondering if the Tetris blocks are going to have like little Puyos on them or something.
But Puyo Puyo. I love Puyo Puyo.
So hopefully it's going to be fun and not you know utterly crappy. I hope.
You know me and my Puyo Puyo.
I know. I know you do love Puyo Puyo.
Yeah.
When was the last big Puyo Puyo game that came out? I remember the DS one but that was the last one I really remember.
Wasn't that yeah just Puyo Pop?
Yeah.
Or Puyo Pop Fever?
Alright let's go to the Fugal question of the week.
Take Facebook. Take Google Plus. Smoosh them together and you get Fugal.
Every week we take to our social networks to ask a question.
And this week it has to do with something we talked about earlier in the show. The Steam Family Sharing.
This week we heard that Steam would be implementing Family Sharing which was a feature that had been teased for the Xbox One.
Many people who were critical of the Xbox One policies embraced the idea of Family Sharing on Steam.
Do you think there is an unfair double standard in play in the gaming community when it comes to Steam announcing features versus Microsoft announcing Xbox One features?
Why or why not?
I'm going to read just a few of the answers tonight because unfortunately the answers get very long with this.
But you have a lot of good stuff so I really want to encourage our community.
Go read the answers people wrote.
You can see them at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or in our Google Plus community.
Just search on Google for Orange Lounge Radio and it will come right up.
Let's go to Brandon C. who says the Xbox One features outraged people because it meant the end of used game sales.
Even before Steam and other digital stores selling and buying used PC games was not a huge market just because of the issue with CD keys.
Even if I give you the right CD key I could still use it for myself to play online for example.
Meanwhile there is an entire retail chain that is basically built around the idea of buying and selling used console games.
Critical Myth says the devil as they say is in the details.
While they are similar services in general the context in which they are being introduced is an important factor.
For me Steam's program doesn't look like it would introduce new restrictions above and beyond the PC gaming status quo where the Xbox program as understood would have.
Seattle replies and says I think the biggest reason Steam isn't catching any crap over this is the fact that Steam doesn't use your webcam and microphone to stalk you through your gaming area yet.
And offline mode is an option even though it enjoys making me rage.
It actually exists unlike what the Xbox One had before it became the Xbox One 80.
So there really isn't a double standard as much as there is a different standard.
Console games are easier to share but cost more and PC games are harder to share but tend to go on sale more often.
Degenerajani says trick question the gaming community is full of double standards but I get your point.
Honestly it's a feature that benefits Valve's market more than Microsoft's.
Imagine you're a business and your competitor announced a special feature for a product that competes with your products and services.
You realize that some of these features would be beneficial for your niche market.
Unfortunately for your competitor that company's target market rejected the product's limitations that supported those features because they would impede the experiences that consumers enjoy today.
Thus those features were removed from the product.
Common sense dictates for a business savvy company to take advantage of a competitor's wasted features to benefit that organization's products and services.
Another one here on Facebook from Alan Alchemy.
There has always been an inferred or proven portability with console games.
Packing up an entire system in a backpack and taking it to a friend's place, loaning copies of games and so on.
Microsoft wanted to get rid of that with the strict licensing and killing used games with the online sharing feature being a bandaid to help soothe the burn.
It didn't work. PC's and PC users never really had that narrative.
Yes land parties are a thing but they're associated with very specific fandoms like Starcraft.
Majority of PC users treat their rigs like immovable glaciers.
Factor in the reality of CD keys, illegal cracks often being a harbor for malware and other realities PC users have accepted for over 20 years.
Trading games or systems physically has always been cumbersome or impossible.
So Steam doing this is actually a boon on what we're used to and it's wholly intended as a value add and not a skeezy compromise.
Taking a look over on Google Plus.
Act Def says, I've actually seen more people complain about Steam's family sharing not being all that much rather than praising it.
For me personally I praised both of the Xbox One and Steam family sharing since I have to share with my brother.
And these kinds of services make it a whole lot simpler and I don't have to share accounts this way.
And lastly Travis H says, nope not one bit.
I think that after Microsoft flip flopped more times than a backward assed politician they deserve every bit of bias and scrutiny they get.
I don't even think that they knew what they were offering when they were offering it.
I also think that Microsoft is way too greedy to actually follow through with something as giving as what Steam is doing.
Steam never has failed to impress the hell out of anyone that is a member.
Daily sales, summer and winter sales, weekend deals.
Hell right now I can get all Tomb Raider games for 17 bucks.
Not to mention the 60 plus free games that are there for the taking by anyone who signs up for a free Steam membership.
But as a bias, heavy PC and Playstation gamer, I'm probably just talking crazy right now.
Kind of seems like a no brainer to me though.
Those are some of the answers. Check out Facebook and Google for more answers.
They're with the Fugu question of the week.
What do you guys think?
Is there a bias in the way we treat Steam announcements versus the way we treat Microsoft announcements?
Depends on the precedent.
Steam has done nothing but good things for the most part.
We expect to see good from them.
We know that when they are offering a service...
Yeah, I mean they're a business. They want to make money.
But we know that they really are trying to put out a service that is going to be good for their...
I'm sorry.
Yeah, for the consumer.
Loki?
I would say that it's probably more of like the service was good as it was.
But now they're adding another feature. So that's great.
Whereas Microsoft, they don't really trust them too much because of what they've done in the past.
As far as first off, all these really crazy ideas which I still don't think that they're completely against doing.
Like eliminating the whole retail marketplace so that they can basically control everything.
But at the same time, it's a service that if you don't want to use it, you don't have to use it.
It's not like you have to share your library with other people.
I think it's just an added feature and there's no real...
You're already doing the DRM stuff with Steam so it's not that big a deal.
And also, you're not buying games for the most part for $60 a pop.
You're buying them for very slim fractions of that.
I don't feel so bad about it.
I think for me, one big difference.
I get those tweets that say, why do we always praise Steam but we cut down at Microsoft?
For one, there was a lot of confusion with Microsoft.
Whether whatever you may have thought about Microsoft's system, they were never really clear with the positives of their system.
The negatives ended up being pretty clear when they announced that early on.
But the positives were always a bit of a haze and that was one big problem.
But here's the other big thing to remember is that Steam is not a console.
I know there's rumors about the whole Steam box and everything, but Steam is not a console.
Steam is a delivery method.
Steam is a store.
Steam is a way of acquiring licenses to play on your PC.
And your PC is ultimately the device.
And the perception, whether it's accurate or not, definitely the perception out there about the Xbox One was that that thing was going to be a fucking brick unless you did this and this and this.
And there were things that people didn't like.
The Kinect would have to be on.
The thing would have to talk to the internet every 24 hours.
Or else, you know, it doesn't do shit.
And I think that was one big problem is that, you know, well, even if Steam were to go down or your internet goes down, at least you can still do something with your PC.
You can still do all the other things that are outside of Steam like Photoshop or writing, word processing, or games that...
Complaining about Steam being down on the...
Exactly, through your cell phone or whatever.
But I think the perception is your PC is not going to be a freaking brick if these, you know, negatives, you know, were to occur or whatever.
So, again, I don't think there's any reason why Microsoft can't...
I've been hooting and hollering about this for weeks now on the show, months, is that there's no reason Microsoft can't say,
Okay, well if Steam is more of a delivery method, then why don't we invoke multiple delivery methods on the Xbox One?
You can either go buy a disc at the store, at Amazon, at Walmart, at GameStop, whatever.
Bring it home, put it in your console, and it's all the restrictions and things you're used to.
Your disc has to be in the console for it to work, et cetera, et cetera.
Or, we can have the Microsoft Store that sells digital licenses that work in this whole new way, and you can family share, and da-da-da-da-da.
Why not?
I'm literally saying Microsoft should set up two different stores.
It could appease everybody.
I'm not sure I would see the negative in that.
But anyway, that's my big thoughts on the issue.
So thank you guys for sharing yours over at Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, or our Google Plus page.
So, going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Blackwool says, Actually, when lightning took out my internet for five days, my PC did feel like a brick.
But to be fair, your Xbox One would have been a brick too, especially under those old policies.
So, I mean, sha100matt says, Will people change their tune if the Steam Box has the same requirements and things we didn't like about the original Xbox One?
Most likely, I think people wouldn't buy it.
The Steam Box is going to be a PC.
Yeah, I think that's what...
It's just going to be a PC.
Yeah, I don't think it will do that.
So, all right.
Datatrak in chat says, As if the normal store isn't already confusing enough.
I'm not sure I see that.
I think maybe, I mean, I don't think it's super confusing.
Well, confusing to navigate, maybe.
I'd give you that.
You know, it's not always easy to find what you want.
But, I mean, right now, it's pretty simple.
You buy the game, it's on your drive.
There it is.
Finding what you want might be another problem, but...
It's also, once again, you know, back going, you know, complaining about how it would have been.
Their marketplace would have been locked down.
There's really only one place you can get your digital content from, and that's Microsoft.
Whereas, if I want to get digital content from Steam, I have a ton of avenues for it.
I have multiple retailers out there.
I can buy a physical copy of it.
I mean, granted, you can buy a physical copy of the disc if you went to, you know, any retailer for the Xbox One.
But not a lot of people would be motivated to sell them for any sort of discount.
You can buy digital stuff through Humble Bundles.
And a lot of times, they're competing for lower prices, and you see deals on games all the time.
I just don't think you would see, you know, that's what everyone thought.
Oh, if they go all digital, we'll see better prices on games.
I don't think so, because really, they're not spending that much for the packaged media.
Remember, it only costs a few bucks, maybe two or three dollars, to actually make that packaged media.
And they're even cutting back on that by not printing the manuals anymore, or doing any of that stuff.
So, you're not going to see a huge discount in games from Microsoft, because they have it locked down.
If anything, now they can keep games at a higher price.
Just look at the Vita, for example, in the digital marketplace that was on PlayStation Network for some of the older PSP titles.
They don't drop the digital price on them, even though they're dropping price at retail, for whatever reason.
So, that's just how it works, when you have a single marketplace to get something.
Let's go back into some gaming news. And, Loki, I know you teased these stories a little earlier.
All right. So, let's talk a little bit more about Ouya's Free the Games Fund.
So, here's kind of what happened.
They announced the Free the Games Fund back in July.
It was going to be this fund that was going to match any earnings from these crowdfunded campaigns, probably through Kickstarter, if their goal was $50,000 or more.
And then, on top of that, the game that had the largest earnings, I guess, for it through Kickstarter would get an additional $100,000.
And, anything else would have been matched by Ouya.
So, at the end of August, there were two games that met that goal.
The first one being Elementary My Dear Homes, and the second one is Great Iron Thunder.
Elementary My Dear Homes, as we talked about last week, the campaign was pulled because of a bunch of fake accounts on there.
They had them named after fictional characters, sports celebrities, all these different people that definitely weren't actually backing the game.
But, they had basically put their own money into the project so that they'd meet their goal.
So then, that way, when they make their $50,000, Ouya matches that $50,000 and then they make a profit off of it.
At Great Iron Thunder, same thing, they had less than 200 people back it and somehow they had about $180,000 and then they're getting that matched by Ouya.
Basically, the thing with Great Iron Thunder, yeah, is $171,000 from 183 backers.
So, obviously there was some sort of fraud going on there because it just seems a little fishy that these few people are not even requesting any sort of, they're not like, you know, selecting a $10,000 option.
They're selecting no prize or gift whatsoever, they're just backing it with like multiple thousands of dollars.
And it was obvious that they were doing that and in the case of Great Iron Thunder, it was a really shitty looking game that they probably already had finished.
And, in fact, it is coming out at the end of this month. Kind of weird how all of a sudden they were able to turn that game around with over a few hundred thousand dollars in like two weeks.
So that was the plan all along. They're not going to make anything off the game, they're just going to make it off of this program.
So then Julie Ehrman responds back to this, basically saying that, you know, we're not going to change the program at all.
You know, we think things are good the way they are, you know, we heard your complaints that you think that these are scamming us, but we're not going to do anything.
We're not going to alter it. And because of that, there's been a lot of reaction to it.
In fact, there's even one more Kickstarter that I believe just posted, I don't know if it's been funded yet.
I was going to check that real quick here. It's called Dungeons The Eye of Drakonas.
And, yes, it has been funded. Their backing, was it $10,000 was the goal, and they hit a goal of $53,292.
And this is basically what they said. It's all, dear Pledgers, we have been honest up front with you about our situation from the start.
As you can see, we currently are only one quarter of the way to our goal before launching this Kickstarter.
Basically saying, let's see here, we're going to get to the part where they're actually funding it with their...
Basically, he goes into saying that his father decided to give five checks for a certain amount of dollars.
To people in the family so that they could each back that Kickstarter with that money.
And because of that, they said, so now you may ask, how does my father have that kind of money?
Is he rich? No, no, no, no he's not. He lives frugally in a terrible house and all that stuff.
He says, for the first time in my life, he's actually helping me with one of the projects.
So what does this mean to you? Well, it means that all the tiers are hereby unlocked.
You and previous Kickstarter Pledges will receive all three episodes and will stream to you once every few weeks.
It says, everyone wins in this situation. We're going to make an excellent video game for $65,000.
Ouya matches the funds that come in three disbursements.
First, $12,500 at the end of the Kickstarter. Second, $25,000 when the game is released.
And finally, $12,500 after the six months Ouya exclusive.
We have to finish the game before we get the second and third payments.
You all receive the fully expanded trilogy and all that stuff.
Thanks to the Ouya funds, we'll be able to afford marketing and have a booth at PAX and all that stuff.
But he funded the game so they would get over their minimum.
Otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to do it in the first case.
So they fund it with their own money and they're going to pay themselves back with the matched funds.
So how are people reacting to this, including developers?
Some people, for example, Sophie Holden, who launched a game called Rose in Time on the Ouya,
is going to be pulling her game from the marketplace.
So it's basically Julie's response.
It became very apparent to me that the company does not support the indie developers who need the support the most.
And they're incapable of correcting their mistake.
I'm simply no longer comfortable supporting the company.
Basically saying these smaller developers actually need the money and not $100,000 to develop a game.
They're not getting the funding that they need to make this game.
As we talked about earlier in the show, I wonder how this is going to bode for future consoles.
All this mess going on with Ouya.
Do you think this can be saved? Do you think this can be salvaged?
It's going to have to be a hell of a game that comes out, right?
I honestly think that when we see that Gridiron Thunder game come out, which is going to be on the 30th or whatever,
it's just going to be terrible.
But it's basically checkboxing what they need.
They need the game to re-release.
They never said that it had to be a good game.
And they need it to be exclusive for six months to get the full funds.
And so they hit those checkboxes and that's it.
It doesn't need to sell well because they're going to make their money back from Ouya.
And unfortunately that's going to nix any ideas that they have as far as doing this in the future.
Because if that's all it's going to be is a bunch of abuse from people releasing shitty apps on the store,
then they're out even more money and what's this really have gained?
If anything, negative press.
I think most people bought Ouya to be an emulator. Let's be real.
I think it's starting to show that a little bit now through some of the corruption going on in other places.
Yeah, and unfortunately even a lot of these other consoles are probably getting better emulators than this thing.
Alright, let's move on.
Talk about things going a little better on the PlayStation 3 with some of the free things that they offer on the PlayStation 3.
You know a couple weeks ago I talked about the free-to-play Tekken Fighter game.
Well, news came out this week that Soul Calibur Lost Swords is a free-to-play PlayStation 3 title.
This is according to Famitsu.
It's something that's going to be coming out later this year.
I don't know if that means in the US as well, but we know that's for Japan.
It is confirmed it will release in Europe at some point.
Namco Bandai did file a trademark for this back in July, so we knew something was coming,
but I think a lot of people thought maybe like handheld game or spin-off game or something.
This will be a free-to-play game.
Siegfried and Mitsurugi are the first characters that are confirmed to be playable in it,
but here's the thing about it.
It's a single-player game, not really a head-to-head fighter game.
Well, they say it is a free-to-play fighter, but I don't know exactly how that's all going to work out
if they say it's single-player.
There's only very, very low-resolution screenshots out there thanks to Famitsu Magazine's scam.
If you wish to buy more resolution, it's going to cost you some money.
Exactly.
Well, you know, the Tekken one really wasn't bad, and that was Namco Bandai as well,
so if they kind of used that as a model, it could be a good thing.
I'm very curious to see what happens with that.
All right.
Well, that's the news for right now, but I think we're going to put the news on hold a little bit
so we can do some listless.
Ah, I love hearing that music.
It always means we're going to have a good time here on Orange Lawn's radio.
So what we're going to do, we're going to put together the definitive list around a certain topic,
and the way listless works, if you don't remember, is that each of us, as well as a guest,
who I'll introduce here in a minute, will give our top three answers on this topic,
and then we go around, and the tricky part is we have to eliminate one of the answers off the board.
But remember our new twist for listless 2.0?
If a host has two answers eliminated, that third answer gets immunity.
You guys get to play along and ultimately vote once we've made our list of, let's see,
there'll be four people, there'll be 12 answers, and then it gets narrowed down to eight answers.
So once we're down to eight answers on the board, you guys get to vote live along with us at live.vognetwork.com.
So let's introduce our special guest tonight, since three doesn't make for a very good listless,
we always like to invite a fourth person from the indie podcast community to come play with us.
So tonight we have Captain Spike with us on the line. Are you there, Captain?
Ahoy, can you hear me?
Yes, I can. How you doing, Spike?
Doing rather well, thank you. How are you?
Good. So you are one of the two hosts, of course, of gamebuoy.org.
I know you've been on the show previously to tell us all about that,
but what have you guys been talking about lately on gamebuoy.org?
Well, this weekend we contrasted Capcom's position a year ago to its position this month
in relation to how poorly Lost Planet 3 sold.
Ooh. Yeah, it's interesting what's going on with Capcom, isn't it?
It's really one of those things where you look at it and go,
what in the hell are they thinking? Or did you guys come to a different conclusion?
No, rather certainly. I would say that three of the big gems or jewels
coming out of the Japanese game development scene right now
are tied to staff that they sort of brought up into the world.
It's really funny to see them flailing and floundering
as all of these really important voices in Japanese games
are coming onto sort of their big opuses, so to speak.
Spike, actually. I perked up for just one moment because I thought you said R-Type.
Oh gosh, I didn't, but...
Maybe next time. Maybe there'll be a Game Buoy Micro on that whole series in the future.
If people want to check out that discussion, where can they find that?
You can find that over at gamebuoy.org.
Gamebuoy.org. I had to do that since Slidekick isn't on the show tonight, unfortunately.
Okay, so tonight's topic for Listless is about the Xbox One,
and I'll tell you the specific topic in a minute, but Spike,
quickly, your thoughts in a nutshell on Xbox One. Do you have one preordered?
It's the first console in the last decade that I haven't preordered,
but if I can find one day one, I'll probably end up buying it.
That's kind of what I did with Wii U. I was like, I'm not going to buy it,
I'm not going to buy it, I'm not going to buy it, and then I look at my Target app,
oh, it's in stock, fuck, and I bought it, you know, so we'll see.
Alright, so tonight's Listless is all about the Xbox One,
and the topic tonight is thing Xbox One could do to be popular on the Internet again.
Well, you know, the Xbox has taken a lot of kind of kicks in the face
when it comes to their DRM policy, and then, you know, the whole 180 reversals
they've done on other things, and now this whole thing with Steam
got the family sharing, and everybody praised Steam.
What did you think about all that, Spike, before we begin?
Do you think people were fair in praising what Steam was doing versus what Xbox was trying to do?
You know, I had loaded up your Facebook for Orange Lounge Radio to comment on this,
but I saw comments there that reflected exactly my thought,
which is that the PC marketplace has operated so different for so long
that it's really not the same thing. There isn't an expectation of being able to resell
and have the portability, as Alan Alchemy had called it,
of your games and being able to take your software other places.
For PC, that's not really a thing, so I don't think people are, you know,
that expectation that exists in the console market for games to stay open
I don't think exists in the PC market.
All right, well, if you are playing along with us at live.vognetwork.com,
you're going to see that pop up right on your screen.
We're going to put up the board there for Listless tonight.
The thing that Xbox One could do to be popular on the internet again,
because, you know, everybody just really wants to be popular at the end of the day.
They need to get their mojo back. They need to...
That song just popped into my head.
What song?
The Not A Surf song.
I'm popular.
Well, unfortunately, you get Come On Down as your theme song tonight.
That's what you get. All right.
Captain Spike, since you are our guest, we're going to let you go first tonight.
What is your number three answer for thing that Xbox One could do to be popular on the internet tonight?
By the way, sorry, before you answer, if you want to play along in our chat room,
live.vognetwork.com, sometimes we steal chat answers and replace our own with chat answers.
So shout out your answers in chat as we go along with this.
All right, Spike, what is your number three thing?
And we're talking about popular on the internet, right? Not actual popular?
Popular on the internet was what was said.
So serious or funny, whatever you want to do.
Oh, good. Bye, Sega. Rename the Xbox One as the Dreamcast 2.
So rename it to the Dreamcast 2. Didn't that come up as an answer in another list list at some point?
I don't remember.
I think that was name of system, maybe?
Perhaps, yeah. Thing to name the system.
All right, well, that could do it.
Yeah, there was a lot of posts on Twitter and so forth not that long ago on 9999,
remember the Dreamcast, XOXO, love you, 5ever, right?
I remember sitting on the ground outside waiting in line at Arden Fair Mall.
All right, so there it is up on the board. Rename it to the Dreamcast 2.
All right, Loki, what is your number three answer?
My number three answer would be they need to drop the price of that system at least $100.
Say $101 just to make it $1.
Just to make it $1 less.
$398.
The Xbox $1 less. It is important, right? All right, drop the price at least $101.
All right, my turn is next. We're going to do ladies last tonight.
My answer is embrace what people really want and give us the pornography channel.
That's right, pornography app because, you know, porno is always the answer.
Why can't we just embrace what the people really want? I don't understand.
It helped VHS win that war.
All right, let's go on to DarkSakura, your number three answer.
What could the Xbox One do to be popular on the Internet again?
A pack-in with every online order. Waffle Iron.
Free Waffle Iron with every online order.
Forget a game or a controller.
Give people what they really want and that's waffles.
They're already waffling.
You're kind of dumb and amazing at the same time right now.
See, I made a pun.
Yeah, I get it. A free waffle iron because they're waffling.
Oh, good lord.
All right, Captain Spike, I don't know how you're going to one-up that, but good luck to you.
Good luck to you as you go into your number two answer for thing that Xbox One could do to be popular on the Internet again.
Fling Phil Fish to the moon.
What do you have against Phil Fish?
Can I just say everything?
I suppose that's a valid response.
But how would that sell Xboxes if they, like, it would be something that, like, you could only watch it on the Slingshot app or something?
It would get the Xbox One popular on the Internet.
Yeah, sure. I mean, tie it to a stream on your Xbox One only.
People would buy it to watch that.
Like the pay-per-view event of the millennium.
We're going to Fling Phil Fish into the moon.
All right. Loki, dare I ask, what is your number two answer tonight for thing that the Xbox One could do to be popular on the Internet?
Uh, let's see. Be backwards compatible with the Xbox 360.
Very serious answers for me tonight, Loki. Why is backwards compatibility...
Sorry.
No, it's fine. Why is backwards compatibility so important?
It's not, but people bitch about it, so, you know, it would make it important.
Again, it's about being popular on the Internet when all is said and done, right?
All right, so let's put that up on the board. Loki says backwards compatibility with the 360.
My number two answer, my number two answer is, okay, so we all know everybody's losing their shit about Killer Instinct, right?
Because Killer Instinct got its big remake, even though it's interesting.
It's only going to have six to eight characters, but I guess that's a whole nother Oprah.
But I said, you know what? When we were being teased for so long about that Rare is going to bring back a classic franchise,
I had my fingers and toes crossed for a different franchise to come back.
So my number two answer is, give us the Rare remake we really want, Anticipation.
Lord.
All right, so I'm just going to shorten that to make Rare do a new Anticipation game as my number two answer.
We'll put that up on the board. All right, Dark Sakura, what is your number two answer?
A more interactive banning system, meaning like a, I'm trying to remember how to phrase this,
like a smart list where when people get certain amounts of complaints made against them,
and I'm talking about real time complaining for people on Xbox Live, that it puts a mark on them,
they get a certain number of marks, they're banned or sent to a moderator review to see if they're legit.
Or you get to sit in the chair next that flings you to the moon.
Yes. But I mean, but I mean, either that or something that completely removes the anonymity.
All right.
You know, just some way to hold people-
You should be publicly shamed.
A way to hold people accountable for being shits on Xbox Live.
All right. So I did shorten that to the more interactive banning system,
but I honestly think maybe that should just be put Dark Sakura in charge of Xbox Live.
All right, let's recap what we have on the board so far.
So thing Xbox One could do to be popular on the Internet again, rename it to Dreamcast 2,
fling fill fish to the moon, drop the price at least $101, backwards compatibility with 360,
pornography app, make Rare do a new anticipation, a free waffle iron with every order,
or a more interactive banning system.
All right. Boy, this elimination is going to be some of the hardest ever tonight.
Let's see what folks have for their number one answers tonight.
Captain Spike, your number one answer for what Xbox One could do to be popular on the Internet again.
I call this one the Nintendo method, money hat, hipster games exclusive that everyone claims to want,
but wouldn't actually buy, like Mega Man Legends 3 or Shenmue 3.
I'm trying to think how to shorten that. Hipster exclusives.
And why would Mega Man and Shenmue more than others bring all the boys to the yard?
Because both of these games are games where everyone on the Internet claims to have loved these games
and played them, and ooh, I remember that.
But if that many people played these games, they would have been commercial success.
But mind you, a lot of people pirated them on Dreamcast.
That is true. A lot of people pirated them.
But if they really loved it, they would have spent the money on it.
That's right. You even have people in chat right now. Fifth Dream says,
Shenmue 3, motherfucker, I want it so much.
All right. Good answer, Spike.
Loki, what is your number one answer tonight?
The Xbox One gets its whole external redesign, ends up being a fully interactive, artificially controlled cute kitten,
because people love cute kittens and the Internet loves cute kittens more than anything.
So the Xbox One will do cute things. Not only will it play your games, but it will sit there looking cute.
And it is a kitten.
So the box is now an artificial kitten. There it is.
Because who doesn't love cats?
Exactly. The Internet. They don't.
That's right. Internet loves cats. And it was, how do we be popular on the Internet?
Cats.
Cats. All right. Excellent answer.
All right. My number one answer. I actually went for something serious tonight.
And I'm surprised nobody said it yet unless maybe Dark Soccer was sitting on it.
But if so, I apologize. I think the thing people want most of all, Detach Connect.
Damn it.
Is that really your number one?
You can detach it.
Huh?
You can detach it.
You know what I mean. Out of the bundle completely.
All right. So Dark Soccer, I don't...
Now I have to pull it out of my ass.
All right. Well, you do have her chat room could be shouting some answers.
Well, yeah, I was. No, because it's already going to be on PS3 and PS4.
That's what I'm getting anyway.
Making O.L.R. the official voice of Microsoft.
Now Dark Soccer, we said popular on the Internet.
Fuck you. I'm popular.
We will make people want this shit.
All right. So there it is. O.L.R. will become the official voice of Microsoft.
I just had a horrible thought.
If we ended up doing the porn app, what if it was like recording stuff with the connect?
When you're not watching. That's why it needs to be detached.
And then that's the porn channel.
All right.
Let's run down the list.
John Weil channel.
Let's run down the list real quick.
If you guys need it up so you can choose what to eliminate, go to live.vognetwork.com.
Here is the list as it stands right now.
Rename it to Dreamcast 2.
Fling Phil Fish to the Moon.
Hipster exclusives like Mega Man Legends and Shenmue 3.
Drop the price at least $101.
Backwards compatibility with the 360.
The box is now an artificial kitten.
Pornography app.
Make Rare do a new anticipation.
Detach connect.
A free waffle iron with every order.
A more interactive banning system.
And OLR becomes the official voice of Microsoft.
That is a great list tonight.
This is going to be painful tonight.
You have to choose which of these is not worthy of the list.
It's just too big of a list when it's 12.
It's too much.
So we need to narrow this down a little bit.
So Captain Spike, I'm sorry, but you got to go first.
Because we make our guests go first.
Captain Spike, which of these is not worthy of the list?
It is awful for you to put me in this position.
Sorry about it.
I'm going to take off making Orange Launch Radio the official voice of Microsoft.
Because I don't want you to sell out.
Stay independent.
He did sugar coat that in a very good way.
Yeah, but we said we'd sell out in an instant if people want to take us.
No, no, no.
I think he's just a little jealous because there was no room for gamebuoy.org in that sense.
Maybe I should just read it.
Vog and Pals.
Vog and Pals.
There you go.
Clearly Game Buoy would be the right voice for Microsoft.
You're so far up Nintendo's ass, I don't think you would know what to say.
They care about game design. I'm here for that.
Alright.
It is stricken from the list.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Just because it's silly and, you know, they don't really make a ton of games anymore.
Buying Sega and calling it the Dreamcast 2.
You're going to eliminate the Dreamcast 2.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
You ass.
Alright, that's alright.
It is stricken from the list.
Rename it to Dreamcast 2.
Not going to happen.
Alright, so that comes to my turn.
Oh my gosh, this is so hard.
Okay, the internet is going to totally hate me for this, but I am going to say the box is now an artificial kitten.
I just, it's, it's, I like cats, don't get me wrong, but something about the eyebo like fucking freaks the shit out of me.
So I don't want that Xbox to turn into that.
Can I ever bring over my eyebo?
I want an eyebo.
So unfortunately I'm going to eliminate the artificial kitten.
Dude, I really want an eyebo because I want to see what Midna would do.
Especially now that I think of it, a box that poops is also probably out of it.
So sorry about it. It is removed from the list.
Real cats are better anyway.
Alright, so Dark Sakura, last but not least, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Anticipation.
Anticipation, because I'm sorry.
You're a brat.
The only anticipation I care about comes from Frank's mouth.
I see what you did there.
Okay, only because you phrased that in a great way.
There it is.
Make Rare do a new anticipation is removed from the list.
Very interesting the way that worked out tonight because nobody got hosed with two eliminations.
Each host got one taken off.
So fair enough, fair enough.
Well Spike, we're going to put it to a vote of the public.
But hey, I want to thank you for being here tonight.
Oh, thank you so much for having me.
Not a problem.
Let's plug your show one more time.
Where can folks hear you on the interwebs?
And what kind of fun topics do you have coming up next on your show?
That is gamebuoy.org.
Oh sorry, it just reflects to wait for someone to repeat it.
Oh, gamebuoy.org.
And coming up we have a researched episode on bootleg games.
Cheetah Man and Donkey Kong Returns 99 and that sort of thing.
Cheetah Man is awesome and horrible.
I like how you say it's a researched as opposed to so much other stuff out there on the internet like this program.
I'm not naming names.
Have you ever played Cheetah Man or any of the sequels?
I don't think so.
Be glad. Rejoice.
I'm sure it was bad.
The music is super good though.
Are we talking about Color Dreams games on the NES?
That's going to be a thing we talk about, yes.
And the 10 Gen games.
Oh my god, some of those were really horrible.
Master Chu and the Drunk Nerd Who was the worst NES game in history.
It was so horrible.
We're going to talk about Bible Adventures.
Yes, awesome.
Well actually I will say this.
You guys are always very well researched over there.
I don't know this about you Captain Spike, but you're like a freaking encyclopedia when it comes to games.
You know an awful lot.
Domestic and import.
People should check it out if they want to hear something really educated.
Thank you. Thank you so much for your kind words.
I love your show. I'm a long time fan. Thank you for having me.
We're long time fans of you Spike. Come back and say hi in the studio sometime.
Thank you, will do.
Take care my friend.
Spike, help us out tonight. We are about to make this answerable.
I just want to remind people as they vote on this.
You get to vote for your number one and your number two pick.
Your first click will be your number one.
Your second click will be your number two.
So think before you vote.
It is now put to the vote of the listeners.
Help us come up with the definitive list.
We will keep this open for a few minutes.
While we do a couple more stories here.
I think we're going to go to the mail bag.
We have a mail.
One email tonight.
And apparently we can get cheap Viagra.
Live.vognetwork.com
While we open up the mail bag.
If you want to send us an email about Viagra or otherwise.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com
Maybe you could send us a well researched email on bootleg games.
And we can one up what Game Boy is doing.
I have to make a mention of something by the way.
I've seen a lot of people try to do stuff on GoFundMe.
And I wonder if I put up a GoFundMe if people would send me to Comiket.
But what are they going to get out of it?
Me at Comiket.
I'll bring back toilet paper.
Alright. What's that email we got tonight?
Okay we got something from CatastrophicMaggie who I chat with all the time on Steam.
Evening all is your very favorite CatastrophicMaggie. Smile.
I've been pretty psyched for Telltale's new game A Wolf Among Us.
Which is a prequel to the Fables comics.
I like the Fables comics for the record.
You guys haven't mentioned it yet.
Apart from Jamie who I'm continually pestering on Steam anyway.
Have you seen anything about it yet?
Mainly just the trailer.
In other news. I honestly haven't seen anything on it by the way.
In other news I've always wanted to go to one of the big American cons.
So given VoG's ties with Dragon Con nowadays.
I'm going to aim for that one in 2015.
So you'd better be there Rob.
2015? Not 14.
Well it takes time to save up.
No you're right. It does take time. I'm just saying.
If I have as good of a time next year as I did this year and I don't see why I wouldn't.
I would absolutely go back every year as long as I can afford it.
Hear you later, Maggie.
So I don't know how well it's going to do to play the trailer on the air.
No I don't really want to play it on the air.
But where can people look that up? Is that just on YouTube?
It's on YouTube.
Well people can look that up on YouTube.
So it's A Wolf Among Us.
Well there you go. You can just Google that and you'll find that.
And I pretty much do kind of chat with Maggie every day come to think of it.
Yeah he chats with me on Steam once in a while too.
And he was good enough to. He's the one that got me.
Oh god and now I forgot the name of that game.
That other scary game. Paranormal. The one that I played.
That was another scary game that I played a little bit.
Maggie's been trying to get me into Shin Megami Tensei.
Which I probably will play it eventually.
I've got a bunch of games on my plate, man.
Okay. So that's it.
One email apart from Viagra.
Which I don't know about you but I have no problems with that part of anyone's anatomy.
Alright. We are going to move on with some news.
Again you can vote in the list list tonight. Live.vognetwork.com.
Oh before we get to the news we have to get to the angst with a segment we call the FUs of the Week.
Why do we do a segment called the FUs of the Week on the video game show?
Because if you were me fighting the Cerberus boss in Kingdom Hearts earlier today there was a lot of rage.
I'm going to give a big FU to anti-Semitism.
Not just because of things that happened earlier.
But because it's...
And this is the people who are like, oh well we're Christians and we're persecuted here in America.
No you're not. You don't have to have the cops at your Christmas services.
To keep people from breaking into your cars or throwing bricks at your place of worship.
So an FU to that.
FU to intolerance in general.
Yeah. FU to intolerance.
And the cops have been really good about it every year.
They just make a presence and we don't have any trouble.
But I just don't think it's horrible that it's necessary.
Absolutely.
So FU to that.
Alright, Logie.
FU to Logan's Roadhouse.
Their fried cheese hamburger because it was not good.
You would think that a patty of fried cheese would be good on a burger.
But it was not.
That's why you need to go to squeeze in.
I've been to squeeze in and their burgers are not good.
And I was sorely disappointed because it sounded awesome like a cheese grip.
They burn the shit out of their burgers and they don't season the patties at all.
So they tasted like crap.
I can't remember like the last really good hamburger I had where I went like,
Mmm, that is a tasty burger.
Red Robin's burgers are pretty good if you put a ton of their seasoned salt on it.
It makes their burgers taste really good.
I like In-N-Out.
Rob, I'm going to have to take you to California Burger.
Oh, I like Smash Burger.
I took Alan there.
Oh yeah?
He really likes it.
Nice.
Oh, he sent me a picture and I was like, that burger is drenched in mayonnaise.
That looks disgusting.
Well, they put, you can get it without.
Thank God.
They do like Thousand Island dressing and other stuff too.
Yeah, that's all the devil's work.
I love mayonnaise for the record.
My F.U. of the week goes to mayonnaise first and foremost every week.
And my other F.U. goes to, you know, as much as I love this time of year pumpkin everything.
It's making me die.
My F.U. to all the sugar that I'm eating right now.
It's making me gain weight when I should be trying to lose it to do sexy cosplay next
year at Dragon Con.
So F.U. to sugar.
Can I add another one, Rob?
No.
Let's go to the next story.
Yes, you can add another one.
A big F.U. to all of the people who are sending poor hussy death threats.
I know you don't like the, this is a Homestuck thing by the way.
Oh.
I know you don't like what happened in the last update.
A lot of us were like, oh shit.
But it's no reason to send somebody freaking death threats.
It's a story.
And I have to commend him for being very positive about the whole thing.
Well good.
It's a very, it's a very mature sign when the author who is apparently receiving said, you know,
teenage crap is being very gracious and focusing on the good parts of the fandom.
So good for you.
Alright.
A few more stories for you guys and then we're going to open up the Skype line for your calls
at 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But not just yet.
We still have a couple more stories first.
Loki.
Alright.
So let's talk a little bit about Duke Nukem Forever.
Yeah.
Apparently, I don't know if you guys remember, but a few months ago there was this whole
lawsuit with 3D Realms trying to get their royalties from Gearbox and all that stuff.
Apparently, you know, they were owed $2 million.
But apparently they've dropped the case.
I'm not sure if they've settled it or what the case is.
After reviewing evidence regarding our business affairs and without any money exchanging hands,
we have satisfactory resolved any and all differences we perceived against Gearbox.
And so they've apologized.
Hmm.
I don't know what that means.
But.
Boy.
Yeah.
Kind of interesting how that all ended with an apology.
Yeah.
Basically, here's the press release.
It says, who am I concerned after reviewing the evidence regarding our business affairs
and without any money exchanging hands, we have satisfactory resolved any and all differences
that we perceived against Gearbox.
In all sincerity, we regret the misunderstanding that instigated our lawsuit and now that
we better understand and appreciate the actual nature of our business matters,
we have voluntarily withdrawn our claims against Gearbox with genuine apologies to Randy
for any damage that our lawsuit may have caused the relationship.
So seriously, or sincerely, Scott Miller.
So in other words, they hugged it out.
Essentially.
I guess.
I don't know.
Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't any royalties to be made because it made no money.
I don't know what the case may be.
But whatever.
They're frenzies now.
So yeah.
All right.
Well, last but not least, our longtime music game fans will probably be happy to hear this.
This was always a adorable little music game series that not everybody knows about.
But maybe you should hear about Taiko Drum Master, which is also known as Taiko no Tatujin.
Taiko Drum Master Namco Bandai will be bringing it to the Wii U.
Famitsu has mentioned that you can play Taiko Drum Master Wii U version with a taiko drum accessory.
It'll be available for the Wii, Wii remotes, or the Wii U game pad.
The game pad controls will be optimized to be simple for game players.
I'm hoping you're not going to beat that game pad with a stick.
I'm sure it's like tapping or something.
They're doing a little different.
Baton change mode is a new mode where between two to four players will work together in playing one song.
There'll also be Nintendo crossover content like Mario Luigi Masks.
And one of the songs that will be playable in the game, Wild Pokmon Battle Medley.
So we'll have a little bit of that crossover there to make it even more appealing to Nintendo fans.
So there you go.
No word on when.
You can just look forward to it, I guess next year, I would think at this point.
So there you go.
Do you guys ever play Taiko no Tatujin?
It's been a long time, but I like that game.
Last time I played it was on PSP.
I don't think I've played it since they originally put the US PlayStation 2 one out.
I have the US ones.
And because Dan actually, back when he got to take home Field Destroys, that's how I got mine.
Okay.
It worked. I don't know.
All right. Well, now's the part of the show where we're going to open it up to your calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
You can give us a call to talk about whatever you'd like to.
Perhaps something we've talked about tonight or something that we missed.
You can also still vote on list lists.
We'll close that up at the end of the show, the very end tonight, once everybody has had a chance to call in or what have you.
Loki, do we have any last minute stories while we wait for some calls?
Just one, Grant. That's auto-related.
It's been found by digging through the files of the game that it makes reference to PC and PlayStation 4 in the form of Orbis.
So most likely those versions will be coming.
And I would assume that an Xbox One version would be coming as well unless there's some sort of financial exclusive trickery or whatever that they're going to be pulling.
All right. Let's go to the phones because we are getting a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, it's Shane.
Hey, Shane. How are you doing?
I am running a dungeon, so I'm doing pretty well.
In Final Fantasy XIV, you're multitasking?
Well, I might not pay attention to the phone call.
Well, thanks for calling when you had so much attention to give us tonight.
How is Final Fantasy XIV going for you? You're all the way in Endgame, right?
Uh, yeah. I am actually running a dungeon that's for max level and it seems pretty terrible so far because the tank left when the three of us that joined said we've never ran this one before, so we just auto-quit the dungeon.
What a jerk.
I know, right? She got his name so I could publicly shame him.
You should. Do that in the future.
Quickly, I know you'll talk about some of this on Horde House this week, but what is there to do when you get to the Endgame in Final Fantasy XIV? What happens when you get to 50?
Gear up for the actual Endgame? Because that's what I'm doing right now. I'm running the hard mode Primal Battles, so I got a weapon from there already, which is pretty awesome. It took only two tries.
And I'm running level 50 dungeons to get currency to get better gear.
So after the grinding of leveling up comes more grinding?
Yeah, but it's not bad. I'm having fun with it.
Alright, well that's important. Alright. Well, did you call to talk about XIV tonight or what did you want to talk about tonight?
No, I called to talk about the 2DS.
Oh, yes. The Nintendo 2DS was announced, what, last week? About a week ago? Two weeks ago?
Two weeks ago? Two weeks ago? Something like that.
Well, a lot of internet anger about this thing. How dare Nintendo put this thing out because it looks stupid, basically, was the verdict of the internet courtroom. What do you want to say about it?
Well, if you know my job, I kind of get Nintendo stuff early, and so I have my 2DS.
And I have to say that I just barely, barely like it less than my 3DS XL. It is a wonderful system.
Really?
Yeah, it's comfortable to hold. The way the design, the slate design is awesome. Like, I don't know, if the screens were a little bit bigger, I probably wouldn't play my XL at all. It's that nice to me.
What do you think people on the internet are getting wrong about this thing?
Um, I'm not, I'm not sure they are, because it's not, it's geared really more towards, like, an entry-level, first-time, current generation of Nintendo handheld experience.
So these people that are, like, saying, oh, this is awful, why would anybody get this, it's not geared towards them. It's geared to, like, the 5 and 6-year-olds that didn't have one before, or the person that didn't want to shell out $170 to play the latest Mario or Pokmon.
Now, you can shell out $130, and you don't get the 3D features, but you still get a really great experience.
I know a teenager who wants a 2DS.
Pretty much for that reason.
Yeah, it's great. I really hope a lot of people get their hands on it. If you are going out to GameStops or Walmarts or Targets this week, you might run into a Nintendo app and they might be able to show you one, so you can play around with it and see how you really feel about it.
But I love it. And the little case that you can buy extra is adorable, and it's also shaped like a piece of toast, so it's pretty cool.
Would you really have dropped the $129 or whatever the price is? Would you really have dropped that amount of money on this device?
If I didn't have any form of 3DS, yes. If I had a regular 3DS and then got to mess with this, yes. But because I have an XL, personally, no.
But that's just because I already have an XL, and I think this is just slightly under the XL in terms of how great it is.
Pokmon's almost here, right?
Yeah, it is.
Are you excited about that?
What?
Are you excited about that?
No, I'm not excited whatsoever for Pokmon.
Aren't they supposed to announce something? Didn't Twitter tease some type of announcement tomorrow?
Tomorrow at 8 AM Pacific, so it's the first time in forever for some sort of announcement that I don't have to get up early for.
There you go. Do you think it might be anything that's not about X and Y, like something of the future of Pokmon?
I'm not sure. I really don't know. I'm just as excited as everybody else is.
Alright, and before we wrap up tonight, why are you so damn excited about Pokmon X and Y? What about it is exciting?
It's taking the game to new graphical and like, I don't know what the word is I'm looking for. It's the evolution of Pokmon.
And that's exciting because, you know, black and white, it was a nice jump, but it wasn't a real jump. It was kind of like a little step up. This is a huge jump forward.
Alright. Well, Shane, if you don't have anything else, I guess we'll let you get back to your dungeon. Thanks for calling.
Alright. Bye. He makes it sound like he didn't want to call 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to call.
This is also the last call to vote in listless. You do need to be a registered VoG participant, but we don't charge money for that. We're not like that.
Just sign up at vognetwork.com and then you will see the board up at live.vognetwork.com.
And big thanks to Bobby Blackwell for coding this little game. And he had to fix it on the fly tonight because I guess it was actually broken.
When it went to tabulate, it was taking the last listless we did, which was the first one on the system, and it was combining the votes together.
So the wrong answer was winning. So, but he fixed it. So now we have the accurate results.
The last time we did listless was thing I most want to happen at E3 2013. That gives you an idea how long ago that was.
So, alright. So this is your last chance to vote in listless. Don't forget to vote for your number one and your number two answer with your first and second clicks there.
Again, phone lines are open. If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I will try to bring up the Twitter topics here real quick. No other last minute stories, Logie?
No, I'm just, I'm looking through grants without a file now.
Alright, well we do have another call coming in, so let's go to the phones and we'll take that.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Holy shit, I got through. It's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma. How you doing?
Hello.
Thank you so much. The thing is, I wasn't even going to call. Let everybody else, you know, call in, you know, hey.
Yeah, you know, the phone lines haven't been lighting up as much this month as previously. Like last week I seem to remember was really tough. We barely got any calls last week either. It was weird.
Do I have to have another open Skype challenge?
No, I figure, you know, some weeks people have things to say and some weeks they don't. This was a pretty slow news week all things considered. There wasn't really anything that really ignited passion maybe in previous weeks.
I see.
I thought maybe we'd hear more about Sony and the whole, like, just from the listeners because Sony did that big thing on Sunday night, but, you know, that was a whole week ago at this point, which in internet years was about three years ago.
So, well what's on your mind, Ranma? To what do we do with this phone call tonight?
Rob, would you like to hear about the game that got me to stop playing Candy Crush Saga?
Absolutely.
Alright, you've heard of the game Namco Cross Capcom, right?
Yes.
And the now spiritual actual sequel, Project Cross Zone.
Yes, the name of our panel at GamerX was inspired by that podcast Cross Zone, yeah.
Nice. I just want you to know I have been playing this game for about three weeks straight. I have almost 50 hours logged into the game.
Wow.
I mean, this is like, I see my, I'm sitting here watching stuff on DVR to catch up and I'm like, pause, go grab the 3DS, sit down, unpause, just turn the volume down on the game, start playing, and I'm like, pause DVR, put the volume back up, put the headphones on and just keep playing.
What is it about this game that makes it so amazing? Is it just the cutscenes and this and the way you get sucked into it that way?
No, it's the fact that I call it an, it's not just a tactical RPG, it's an action tactical RPG. Real-time RPG.
Whereas before, you know, with games like Final Fantasy Tactics and Advanced Wars, you set your characters and you sit there and you watch them attack each other.
Mhm.
In this, you move your character to the person you want to fight and then the screen comes up, you hold down the attack button, you do one attack, then you do another series of combinations, like it could be attack and left and up and down and then right, and it'll just keep doing a series of attacks right behind each other.
But in Project Cross Zone, you can have a third person part of your team, and that person's with you, you hit the L button, they just come inside doing anywhere from 15 to 20 hit combos.
And if somebody's within your space, that's your support. You hit the R button, they come in and do more damage, and if you time it just right, before you do your special, you could do a 90 hit combo that does up to 10,000 points of damage.
You know, I'm not hearing a lot about this game. It seems to be a game that really is flying under the radar. What do you think people are missing about this game?
I think it's because you have different gaming properties in it. You have Rival Schools, you have Space Channel 5, you have .hack, Street Fighter, the Tales of series, Valkyria Chronicles, Shining Force.
It's like, it's pretty much Sega, Namco, Bandai, and Capcom just had a freaking gaming orgy. And the storyline is just phenomenal as well.
And you get to clean it up.
Yeah.
That sounds hot.
So even the storyline incorporates all this like cross IP fuckery.
I think I sent Jamie a screenshot, or I posted it on my wall for her to look at, for a little in-joke or something like that.
I believe that you did, and I can't get onto my Facebook right now.
Yeah, something about the fantasy zone. Get ready. I'm like, oh! Oh, Jamie's gonna love that.
One of Jamie's favorite quotes.
Yes.
And I've been meaning to record this one scene by having that time, but there is a scene when you're playing with Ulala and you call her out as a support.
She fires with her guns. The Opa comes in and starts blowing shit up.
And the dude from Space Harries jumps out of nowhere and just does like a series of attacks out of nowhere.
Alan Alchemy in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, Rob, no shade, but it's a fan service game with a lot of niche franchises in a format, strat RPG, that generally isn't a heavy hitter and only appeals to certain gamers, which of course makes it completely phenomenal.
Is this one of these hipster games that might save the Xbox One if tonight's list is to be believed?
Maybe, but I was just saying to a bunch of friends of mine, if they ever did a brand new Naruto video game in this style, I would sit down and play it from start to finish, because it would fit.
All right.
Yes.
Well, Rama, any other thoughts for us before we let you go?
My liberal will never forgive me from this past weekend.
How so?
I went to Nauticon, a 21 plus anime gaming convention in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Oh my.
Oh, you have no idea, good sir.
Let's just say in one night I drank typically what I would have drank over three nights.
Wow.
That was like me at Dragon Con though, to be honest.
But I haven't been drinking a lot lately, so I've been well behaved.
All right.
Well, Rama, I'm glad to hear you had fun.
We can hear all about that con and more cons on your little program that you co-host here at VOG Network, Anime Jam Session, Tuesday nights, right?
That's right.
All right.
Pre-show starts around 9.15, 9.20, right after our brand new neighbors at Electric Sisterhood.
Sounds awesome.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We have about one more moment to take calls and we'll reveal the results of Listless as well.
I was just going real quick to see if we had any tweets.
And we did get a couple tweets from TigerCaw and one of the stories he tweeted us, I remember reading about this.
Did you hear about this on the internet this week?
JJ Abrams emotionally hurt by the latest Star Trek game.
Yeah, I saw that.
I wasn't going to post it, but I was like, that's stupid.
What did you guys think about that, that he was so hurt about it?
I could see that.
Yeah?
That game was pretty bad.
Yeah, I heard it was pretty bad too.
All right, we do have another call coming in, so let's go to it.
I love this icon this guy has too.
Hi, Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Code Man.
Hey, Code Man, I love your little user picture.
It's like who I envision is you and a little creeper drawn Minecraft style with little Mickey Mouse balloons and mouse ears.
Like it's the most random collage of worlds, but I love it.
I want to make it into a shirt, but I don't know if Disney will attack me with copyrights if I make it into a shirt.
Nah, that might happen. You got to be careful with that.
You better have them go to Six Flags.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Kingdom Hearts HD Remix. It's absolutely fantastic.
Yeah?
You know, I haven't played the first one in so long, and bringing that back into my life, because I remember I was 17 when it came out and I bought it on launch day.
And I remember playing it and imagining how could any game get any better than this game?
Because I'm a huge Disney fan, I'm a huge Squeenix fan, and so I'm all over all of these games.
And so when they came together and made this fantastic game, I was just going crazy.
But when they announced that they were releasing this HD Remix, I absolutely went crazy.
And so when I popped it in and started playing it, they have changed.
Of course, I never played the final mix because it was never released in North America.
But the music sounds different, obviously the graphics are just phenomenal.
And there's so many different things now that maybe I missed when I played it earlier, or they weren't actually in there. I don't know.
I think too just the fact that it's been, what, 12 years since the game was first out.
I think you just kind of catch on to more, and you're probably a different gamer now than you were then.
So you just kind of find different things that way.
But is it just me, Codeman? Or did you lose skill over 12? Or maybe you got better, I don't know.
But why am I so bad at this kid's game?
This game is tough as hell.
I'm playing on Proud Mode, because I figured, okay, I'm going to play on Proud Mode.
I started Kingdom Hearts 2 again, and I still want to play Dream Drop Distance.
But like I said in chat earlier, I don't own any Nintendo handhelds, and I'm trying to figure out which one to buy.
Although Shane's kind of leaning me towards the 2DS. I don't know, though, because the 3D makes me sick.
I don't like 3D, but I know you can turn it off and all that stuff.
He does that to people. Look out. He's the best salesman in the video games industry.
He's the one that got me started on Final Fantasy XIV, but I don't want to talk about that.
But I don't know. It's so tough.
I'm anticipating the infamous fight with Sephiroth.
I've beaten him several times when I was a kid.
I beat him a million times, because he was tough.
The platinum, I can't remember what it was called, but it was the platinum whatever that you fought him.
He was the hardest character in the whole game.
I'm anticipating that fight, because I know now I started playing it again, and I'm like,
God, this game is so difficult. And I don't remember it being that difficult when I was a kid.
No kidding. I'm still getting my butt whipped by Cerberus.
But I seem to recall, and I think I might have had to do this the first time I played 2,
you can actually skip that fight and go on to the next world, and then go back and do it later.
It's a lot easier, so I think that's what I'm going to end up having to do.
Ah, I probably should have done that.
Enough about my problems.
Let's see, what else did I want to ask you about?
Because there was something else.
Oh, you were kind enough to gift me a copy of this game Outlast on Steam.
What am I in for?
First off, thank you. I want to publicly thank you.
Although, as I understand it, maybe I should also be saying curse you.
What inspired you to get me this game?
Well, you know, because I've watched your livestreams.
I don't really get a whole lot of time to do anything, really.
So I have to watch your livestreams when you post them like a nerd.
But I watch your livestreams that I find how hilarious when you play.
Like, Paranormal wasn't as bad because I don't think that game...
I don't know. That game's kind of cheesy to me.
I played it, and some of the scares were fine.
But then when you played Slender Man, that was hilarious.
So I'm trying to figure out something in my head.
I was like, okay, so what can I buy Rob to play that would be the funniest, scariest,
and all-around entertaining livestream that he plays.
But this game Outlast came out, and one of the guys that I talked to
that was on my podcast, he was like,
this game is the scariest game I've ever played in my whole entire life.
And so I was like, okay, well maybe this is the game that I should...
And I never really heard a whole lot about it.
I mean, I watch, you know, whatever.
But I don't really play games like that, so I thought,
okay, well maybe I should gift that to him.
So I gifted that to you, and you are in for a ride, my friend.
I hear. It's something else.
I'm not a big fan of the blood and gore, and apparently there's plenty of that in Outlast.
But I will make good on a livestream at some point.
I'm not sure when, but soon. We'll see. We'll see.
You've got to tear me away from Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts for a little bit first.
But I do really appreciate it, Coatman.
You know what you're talking about.
Coatman, I've got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, get lists done and all that stuff.
But any last quick thoughts for us?
If you're not playing the Kingdom Hearts HD remix, you should definitely pick it up.
I've got to party with that guy sometime.
That guy, he sounds like a fun character.
He is a very fun character. If you ever go to New York City,
you look him up and say Rob Roberts sent you.
He'll show you a good time.
I have a friend in New York that will be with him pretty soon,
so yes, I will definitely look him up.
Or shit, go to any anime convention on the entirety of the East Coast,
and you'll probably run into him.
Oh, I'm sure. He's dressed up as Luigi, right?
Sometimes. I heard he might retire that soon.
You'll have to, or maybe that was Rama.
I don't want to speak for him.
You will have to just listen to Anime Jam Session to get all the latest.
Alrighty.
Alright, you take care my friend.
Alright, thanks.
Alright, bye bye.
Thanks for the calls guys, but we are going to close up the Skype line for now.
If you had something you wanted to say and you didn't get through,
you should absolutely email us.
Mailbag at orangelauntrady.com
or you can always tweet us, such as Tigerclaw did with one other story
that I want to read here real quick about the PlayStation 4 sharing options
and the whole game recording.
Apparently, things coming out about how you're going to have to break the DRM
of the high bandwidth digital content protection
if you want to stream outside of the built-in game streaming,
which as you know could be shut off for certain games
because PlayStation 4 doesn't have component cables,
and that's how people were getting around it on the PlayStation 3.
There's ways to strip that out.
There's like, uh, there are, there is apparently like a box you can get that strips it out,
like an HDCP stripper, but when you do that, you're breaking the law.
You are violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act because it prohibits.
Oh yeah, they're going to send cops to your house right away.
That's right. They will call the po-po.
It's just like when you rip off that tag on your mattress.
Someone's been ripping that tag.
No, it's only if you resell it after ripping off the tag.
You don't get arrested for ripping off the tag.
The seller does, just so you know.
Alright, by the way, I have to read this amazing drag from Alan in chat.
I love this. Alan Alchemy in our chat room.
This is a response to Tigerclaw's article earlier about how JJ Abrams was emotionally hurt by the game.
Perfect way to end the show here with Alan Alchemy literally dragging this.
Well, Star Trek fans are emotionally hurt by his shit show fanfic of Wrath of Khan
and saying he doesn't like pretentious intellectual Star Trek and never did.
Sorry about it.
For the record?
Four for you, Alan Alchemy. You go, Alan Alchemy.
Yeah, for the record?
I wasn't hurt.
Then again, I'm the DS9 fan.
Alright, that's going to about do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
But before we get final thoughts, we have one other thing we've got to take care of.
And that is tonight's list list. Don't you want to know what won?
Yay.
So let's get to it.
Here it is, the top three as voted on by you guys at live.vognetwork.com.
The board is now away. You can no longer vote because here are the answers.
The winners. No ties tonight. This is a very clear top three tonight.
The number three answer for the thing that the Xbox One could do to be popular on the Internet again.
The number three answer?
A more interactive banning system.
The number two answer for a thing that could make the Xbox One popular again.
Detach Connect.
And last but not least, the number one way that you will be popular all over the Internet, Microsoft.
You got to announce this tomorrow.
You buy the Xbox One?
A free waffle iron with every order.
Because they're waffling.
Get it?
Alright, there it is. Number one answer.
And besides that?
Waffle iron with every order.
Waffles.
I like waffles!
Waffles!
A big thanks to Captain Spike. Unfortunately, none of his answers made the top three.
But I will say his answer on Hipster Exclusives was the number four result.
So there it is. Mega Man Legends Assembly 3. That was the number four answer.
Followed right by Fling Phil Fish to the Moon.
So close yet so far, Captain Spike. I did love his answers.
Fly Phil to the Moon.
I know, right? I got that stuck. Like I'm having a Bayonetta moment.
Flame among the stars.
In other words...
Kiss my ass.
Alright, love it.
Bobby Black Wolf in our chat room saying anticipation would have won had Dark Soccer not been a meanie.
Well that's...
When?
That's... them's the breaks here on Listless.
Bobby, I want you to picture something.
Uh huh.
Imagine you're standing in an open field.
Imagine a world without you crying.
No. Imagine you're standing in an open field.
Yes.
And you're looking up at the sun.
And then suddenly, five letters float in front of the sun, completely blocking out its light and its S-H-A-D-E.
And on that note, we're gonna wrap up another episode of Orange Lounge Radio here tonight.
Maybe y'all sing us out tonight.
Fly me to the moon.
Well, you know the other half of the fans are saying Evangelion.
There's like 50 million versions of that song.
Or Utada Hikaru did one.
Utada Hikaru did one. I think it was on a Dance Mania album. Anyway.
I've got like the album version of that one.
Next April Fools on VOG. All we will do is play covers of that song.
Hear me out.
Alright.
Fly me to the moon.
Let's wrap it up, guys. Thank you guys so much for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for participating. Thank you for being here.
Whether you were here live, whether you were listening to us on the podcast, we really appreciate it.
And all we ask, guys, tell a friend or two or five or seven about the show.
Help us spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
You guys are what helps our fan base grow and grows our family.
And yeah, just thank you guys for your support. We so appreciate it.
We'll be back next week to do it all again.
But for now, we're going to wrap up with final thoughts tonight.
I'll go first with my final thought tonight.
My final thought is, you know, Grand Theft Auto 5 is probably going to do very well even though it's being released right before all these new consoles come out.
I really wish Final Fantasy XII would have gotten the same break.
Because Balthier and Fran are still like some of the best characters ever to come out of that series.
Maybe they'll do an HD remake.
My fingers and toes crossed. There was that rumor some time ago.
So I plan to buy the X remake.
If the X remake is as good as Kingdom Hearts, I'm on board.
They still haven't announced one that's coming out yet.
Still waiting.
Hopefully by the end of the year, I hope.
Yeah, hopefully.
We'll see.
Alright, that's my final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
I'm going to play Lots of Grand Theft Auto 5 this week.
And hopefully now that it's out there, maybe we can livestream some of it.
Because that would be fun.
Last but not least, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight.
Of course.
That's all the singing you're going to get out of me.
Alright. Hey, that's something. We usually don't get singing here.
Thank you guys again so much for listening to the show.
We'll be back here to do it all again next week with episode 520 of our show.
A fifth of the way to 600.
For the record.
For the record what?
In other words.
Shut up.
You know, the more I think about it, we're going to be episode 600 before you know it.
This show might actually make it to episode 666.
I'm just saying.
Dun dun dun.
Those are like the big episodes we have left.
We have 600, of course.
We have 573, obviously, is going to be a big episode for us.
We'll explain that later if you don't know.
And then 666 would be like, we've got to do something crazy.
But if we make it to 777, we have to do like a whole Final Fantasy VII.
I'm going to be like 43.
Well, it's like the lucky seven.
I will be 43 when we get to 777.
Alright, that's it.
We're done.
Good night, everybody.
And have a great night.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
