Tonight, Valve's three announcements have come and gone.
What have they revealed that didn't have three in its name?
We lament over LucasArts Games' loss to the studio's closure, Nintendo announces the newest entry to the Smash Bros.
roster, and this week I don't reference Mighty No. 9.
Oops.
Hi there, everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live here on September the 29th of 2013 with the 521st episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games, etc., etc.
With my co-host, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
You mean Empress Sakura of Normandy.
Empress Sakura of Normandy.
Yes.
So just a three-hour Dark Sakura love fest.
Yes, because I'm Empress Sakura of Normandy.
Maybe in your little Animal Crossing town you are.
But here you ain't shit.
Hey.
What?
I'd like to make an announcement.
Okay.
Wasps are the assholes of the insect kingdom.
Assholes.
You got stung by one, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
In my car.
Benadryl
So you're here, and you're not having an allergic reaction, so if you just spontaneously pass out, I shouldn't worry.
No, I won't spontaneously pass out, but I've got a headache ever since.
Alright.
Fucking assholes.
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki!
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Have you had any run-ins with insects lately?
No.
Glad to hear it.
Games we might be talking about tonight Although oddly, we were kind of looking at things before the show It was a slower of news weeks I know we have some big announcements, especially in the PC universe and so on And you guys all probably know what I'm talking about We'll get to those here before too long But otherwise, kind of a relatively quiet week Is that just because everybody's too busy playing Grand Theft Auto V still?
What is it, a billion?
Eleventy billion dollars that game's made?
It's over a billion I don't know what the exact numbers are right now It's crazy
A lot?
A lot.
Well, according to the global VG charts, the top global sellers, obviously both being Grand Theft Auto V, it sold a total of about 17 million copies already.
Wow.
As of the 21st, yeah.
That's worldwide, right?
Grand Theft Billions
That's pretty much what it is right now.
Grand Theft Billions.
Have we seen the fallout in the media yet about Grand Theft Auto makes killers and all this stuff?
There was one kid that stole a car or something and shot some people and they said, oh, it's because he's playing Grand Theft Auto.
Right, right.
I mean, they'll try to tie it with him.
No, that's because he's stupid.
They'll blame it on anything.
I mean, it's just like there was another one of those kid brings a gun to school or something like that, and they blamed it on Minecraft.
So, I mean, it's just seriously, it'll be anything.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Food causes murder.
You know what?
If video games really caused a particular action, then I should be going out trying to ride ostriches and wearing cat ears all the time and throwing books at people.
I would throw blue shells at people on the freeway if that worked.
If Grand Theft Auto is causing people to murder, well, we're in for the apocalypse because there's 17 million people out there now that are
Murderers.
So it's only a matter of time before everybody's dead.
If any food drives people to murder, it's probably mayonnaise, and that's why I avoid it.
Mayonnaise is awesome.
You shut your whore mouth.
You murderous woman.
Yeah, I'll murder some eggs to make more mayonnaise.
Barf.
Barf.
Somebody call the cops, because somebody's about to get killed over mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise is really good for your hair.
Something that's good for your hair, why would you eat it?
Do you eat shampoo?
No.
Do you eat conditioner?
Beer is good for your hair.
I drink lots of beer.
Okay, well I'd take a bath in beer.
Would you take a bath in beer?
As long as I could, no.
No, because then that would be alcohol abuse, and I just want to put my head in and drink it.
I thought about it on Family Guy today, actually.
Did you now?
Yes.
You know what?
Actually, last night while I was playing Final Fantasy, I had one bottle left of Newton's Folly, which is like some of the best apple cider ever.
And I was like, well, I'm getting dizzy.
And then I kept trying to go to bed, and then I kept doing more quests.
And I was like, wait, I was supposed to go to bed.
I was having a very classy weekend.
Friday night, Alan and I, we wanted to go to this new restaurant in town, but it was way too crowded.
So we went to one of our favorites, Pita Kitchen, which you know that place.
We love that place.
Pita Kitchen!
And then we went by Safeway.
It's like right by there, right?
So we went by Safeway, and we got a bottle of Barefoot Wine and some Ben & Jerry's.
And I brought it home, and I played Final Fantasy XIV all night long with my bottle of wine and Ben & Jerry's.
And I was like, I am a classy dude tonight.
By the way, you know what's sitting in my fridge at home?
I have a bottle of apple wine from the Boa Vista Orchard at Apple Hill.
Delicious.
I need people to help me drink it.
Because I will drink the whole damn thing by myself.
Help you drink liquor.
I can do that.
All right.
Look, moving from our classy weekends to a little bit of a kickoff topic, and then we'll get into our gaming weeks.
But, Loki, I wanted to give you an opportunity to talk about this latest hacking project of yours.
Because you've talked about it on the show a little bit in passing.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And what brand is this?
This is an on-lap.
It's an on-lap.
I forget what they call it, but I'll show you how nice it looks.
It's pretty sexy looking, actually.
That's a pretty big looking monitor there.
It's a 13-inch monitor.
Normally, if I didn't get such a great deal on it, I wouldn't probably be using that.
What exactly are you doing with this?
I'm basically building almost like a Wii U tablet, but for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
You're not talking about an emulator type of thing or anything like that, are you?
No, it's basically going to be a wireless HDMI, and it'll sync up with...
you know whatever I hook up HDMI or whatever I hook up the you know I'm still a little lost tell me tell me like an application how this would work with a game like as you say okay so basically I would hook up I would use this and whatever console I want to play on say like an Xbox 360 you know I'm gonna have controls like you know like you would see on the Wii U gamepad or like the 360 and stuff and
So that's still something you're going to attach to it as a controller.
Yeah, it's something I'm going to attach to it.
I'm going to build a whole new case for it.
Okay, that's what I'm missing.
And then, what was I going to say?
So there's that, and then on top of that, there's going to be...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Although I'm still running into a slight problem with the PlayStation 3 one.
It's going to be a little bit more challenging because when you plug that in to charge it off or run it off USB power, it shuts off the wireless radio, I believe.
So this doesn't sound so much like a second screen controller as it does like you're building a portable 360 that works in your house somewhere.
Well, it's a second screen because it's basically just pulling whatever signal.
I can hook it up to my PC if I wanted to.
Well, I can't hook it up to an OUYA anymore because that's sold.
If I had another Ouya, I could hook it up to that.
So basically anything that has an HDMI out that's compatible with a PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 controller.
What's the why on this?
I know, for one, you just like to have these projects and do it because you can't.
It's because my wife watches the TV a lot, and right now I'm sitting there on my computer monitor and playing games, which is fine.
But it'd be more comfortable if I could sit on the couch and just kind of kick back with
Yeah, so this is something like you could play Grand Theft Auto V in private with that thing in your lap and not have your kid be able to see you shooting hookers on the television.
Well, yeah, he'd be asleep, but yeah, basically.
Okay, but it's still like a way... Or, okay, so the wife can watch, you know, Scandal, and you can... Or Grey's Anatomy.
Or whatever it is she watches, yeah.
And you can do that.
Okay.
There you go.
I was going to show you real quick.
Just, well, let's see if...
This is not a great example, but here's my computer monitor.
Okay, so since this is radio, basically Loki is holding up this flat, like basically because it's a flat monitor.
Picture time.
Yeah, you can do a picture.
I'll put it on my Tumblr.
I know, not all of it.
It doesn't weigh like hardly anything.
It's just like maybe a pound.
Firefox Open Touchscreen
Thanks for watching!
and I've actually tried it out with an Xbox 360 I have another cable that's not hooked up to this that it converts it to it splits out the audio from the HDMI because you know I don't have any speakers on this thing so I have to build that
Let's see, Brad from PodCulture in our chatroom says, wouldn't it just be easier to buy another TV?
I have another TV, but I just, the problem is, you know, setting up systems and moving them around and stuff, it's just a lot easier for, I don't know, I just want to build this.
You have to understand, Brad, this is the very manly man side of Loki, that now it's a thing.
And once it's become a thing, he will stop at nothing to achieve said thing.
Unless there might be like that one little thing that just derails the whole thing and they'll be like, ah, forget it.
Like, what happened to the building an arcade machine for $100 or whatever that was?
I just lost interest in that.
See?
Well, because I didn't need another arcade machine.
I had two I wasn't using, so why build a third?
And also, it didn't help that the PC that I got for that was defective, so you can't really...
So you get what you pay for.
Yeah, pretty much.
It just wouldn't power up, you know, go fake.
So yeah, I just, I ended up, well, I didn't even really part of the PC, I just threw it away because it was just not working.
Yeah, it just, I lost interest in that.
But now that I'm playing Grand Theft Auto V, you know, so I'm definitely interested in having a screen I can play that on.
Alright, fair enough.
Especially with the online component of Grand Theft Auto V starting soon.
I'm sure it's going to be absolutely disastrous as far as being able to connect to it.
Quick plug for the VOG Network crew.
How many people are in that now?
Like 20 at least?
There's quite a few.
so yeah the VOG Network crew you can go to you can go to our forums and check out we have a thread on it otherwise you can go to socialclub.rockstargames.com slash crew slash VOG Network and check it out and we're seeing right now how many people we have in there
20 members, yeah.
And I even promoted Bobby.
Oh, there you go.
Bobby is now promoted to Commissioner.
Commissioner Bobby.
Nice.
I'll appreciate that.
The only thing I'm hoping, but I don't know how it's going to work, is I'm going to be playing on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
All my coworkers have the PS3 version.
They want me to play on that.
I just hope that my progress moves with both.
Like it's in the cloud?
Yeah.
Well, they say it's in the cloud and stuff.
And they say that when the PlayStation 4 version comes along that your multiplayer information goes along with that.
But I just don't know how exactly that works.
Because they have special editions and stuff you could have gotten for one or the other system.
They add different perks for your characters.
But I don't think I can save my character on PlayStation 3 and then transfer it over.
It may just do my stats and that's about it.
But I don't know.
We'll check it out, I guess.
Alright, well, good luck with this new project of yours.
How long do you think it's going to take you to finish?
Well, I'm just testing everything as I go along, so I'm getting the wireless HDMI stuff on Wednesday, and then the hardest part is going to be making the case for it, because, yeah, how do you do that?
And then, also, I have to get a battery to run everything, which I figured out I need a 12-volt battery, then I'm going to use a step-down to drop it to 5 volts so that I can get more amps out of it, because...
It's basically going to be powering about four or five USB powered things.
The two controllers because there's going to be the internals for DualShock 3 and Xbox 360 controllers.
So I have to wire to both of those.
And then also the monitor and then the wireless HDMI.
So that's four things and I think there's something else I'm forgetting.
We believe in you.
We believe in you.
You'll get it.
At the very least, this monitor's pretty cool.
It is a nice little thing.
It looks like a tablet.
Looks expensive.
$35.
That's how much of a steal I got that for.
Normally they go for about $250.
Where at?
eBay.
Speaking of eBay, before we get into How Was Your Gaming Week, how much did your Ouya go for on eBay?
$80.
That's good.
That's really good.
Considering you paid, what, $90 for it?
Yeah, 99.
And 80 bucks, that's not bad.
And also, funny enough, actually Saints Row 4, I sold my Xbox 360 copy of that because I have it on PC and I don't really play the 360 version.
That went for $14.
So I was a little disappointed on that.
But I was like, yeah, whatever.
I would have bought that for more.
Yeah, exactly.
There's so much counterfeit shit on eBay of new games.
You've got to be really careful.
Remember a couple years ago when Alan got me that Child of Eden that came from China?
Yeah.
and it wasn't even like... Like, we opened it and the box was like Assassin's Creed and it was very clearly a burned disc and it was a piece of garbage and he, like, he...
DarkSakura, what have you been playing?
Salad?
Salad the game.
Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom?
No.
I'm actually legit eating a salad.
I've been playing Final Fantasy XIV.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, it's fate parties.
If you actually shout out and say, looking for fate party, you'll get invited, and then you guys all, any contributions are pooled.
So you get more golds that way.
It's a trick people use in leveling.
I just ignore everybody.
They don't exist in my mental universe.
You can do enough side quests and other things to level.
I hit it, obviously, while I'm drinking.
Animal Crossing, of course.
I haven't really been playing much of anything else.
For some reason, I'm stupidly addicted to IOS Bejeweled.
I don't know why.
It's just fun.
It's a nice little time waster.
And I've actually gotten pretty good at the Diamond Mine.
It's a good potty game.
It actually is a really good potty game.
My iPhone has changed the way I use the bathroom, Rob.
There's a shirt that says that, and I want it.
And Dan beat GTA V, so I've now been randomly going in there and hearing him doing some of the other side missions, so it's been pretty funny.
But you're not really interested in playing yourself?
No.
I don't... You know what?
I don't care how good a game is.
I have no tolerance for misogyny.
You have to have also, like, just some interest in it, you know?
I have zero interest in it.
Now, if it was, you know... I want to do, like, a lady Grand Theft Auto where it's just this hardcore, you know, woman tearing down the patriarchy.
Play Saints Row, because you can kind of do it Saints Row 2 Saints Row 2, not the other ones No, but I really have no interest in I hate to say I have no interest in the culture Because clearly I have an interest in various aspects of culture But it's not something that appeals to me So, I don't really care about it Fair enough, all right
I'll go in and watch Dan play for a little bit, and I'm like, I'll just roll my eyes and go, really?
Because, oh my god, I have to tell you what happened the other day.
I was pumping gas, and this guy comes up and says, you know, one of the, can we do your windshield thing fluid, you know, so that they're trying to sell you something?
And I said, that's okay, I'm not interested.
He's like, oh, well, I hope you have a better rest of your day.
I got so mad, I said, would you have asked me that if I was a man?
And he's like, uh...
No, I'm like, I thought not.
But, you know, it was like, God, I hate people.
But yeah, I don't know.
I've been a little bit hypersensitive.
What in the hell does that have to do with games?
Because I'm just saying that I've been so hypersensitive lately and just really pissed off at everything, especially after talking with my mother, that I think I would vomit all over GTA 5 at this point in a feminist rage.
You're missing the point.
I mean, honestly, if you're gonna vomit all over GTA 5, it's a story that has guys in it.
I mean, so what?
There's not a fucking female lead.
Boo-hoo.
Get over it.
Seriously.
Everybody needs to get over it.
I can see where... Well, here's the thing about Grand Theft Auto.
I don't care that it has it, I just don't have to play it.
It pushes the envelope as art does, right?
Video games are art, right?
And Grand Theft Auto definitely pushes the envelope in a lot of ways.
But for me, Grand Theft Auto and everything that's in it, again, I don't put a game like Grand Theft Auto on any different platform than I put movies.
And Grand Theft Auto to me is just one of those like,
Brozy action movies that are out there and exist.
And there's definitely an audience for it.
A lot of those movies really do well.
But there's some people that just aren't really interested in it.
Just like, I bet Loki wouldn't be caught dead watching The Notebook.
I've already seen it.
I haven't seen it and I don't care to see it.
Well, I mean, it's a genre that I am not into.
I mean, if it had more things that I think would appeal to me as a player, then I might give it a chance.
Like, I tried Saints Row 3, or the third, or whatever the fuck it was.
It wasn't very fun.
So what exactly about Mass Effect 3 made for a good game versus Grand Theft Auto V?
well first of all it actually told a very solid story there was very little misogyny in it but you haven't played Grand Theft Auto 5 so you have no fucking clue what the story is like I've actually sat and watched Dan play through it as we discussed before the show there's a great story in fact three stories throughout the entire campaign of it I just don't understand how people can get off saying that there's not a good story in that I'm not saying the story isn't good I'm just saying it doesn't appeal to me
Yeah, but you're blaming it.
You're saying that it doesn't have a good story and Mass Effect 3 has a great story.
I didn't say it didn't have a good story.
I said it doesn't appeal to me.
There is a difference between something being good on its own and not being something that I'm into.
You know, for example, Miss Saigon, the play.
Great story.
I don't really care for the play.
um Chicago great movie great story I hate everybody in it I don't I've seen it once I don't care to see it again uh Breaking Bad just won an Emmy and I think we're going up against the finale tonight and I'm sure it's a great show and I hate that show I'll get around to it someday and I'm sure it's a good show but I just I'd rather do other stuff right now but
I mean, anything... That's kind of where I see it, is that it's like, alright, so Breaking Bad's winning all these awards, and I'm sure it's a great show, I'm not gonna sit here and knock the show, but it's just like, ain't nobody got time for that right now, for me.
Here's another example, okay?
I have a bajillion friends that are into Buffy.
And I love Joss, because he can tell a really good story, he really gets people into it, but I am not the biggest Buffy fan.
I have a few episodes that I like to watch, I really don't care for the series as a whole.
The end.
It's the same thing.
Something can be good on its own merits, but if it's not your thing, you don't have to watch it.
Or like mayonnaise.
Again, I really hate mayonnaise.
Actually, it is like mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise has very good culinary applications, but if you're not into it, you're not into it.
I like boobs.
Some girls don't like boobs.
Not their thing.
Self-hating women, I don't understand it.
I guess we'll leave it at that.
If that's it for your gaming week, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was Grand Theft Auto V, and I played a ton of it, and even had the time to shoot some video for a funny little montage thing that's set to the music from the movie Rad.
I haven't seen your video yet.
It's just weird.
For me, the movie Rad, because I was looking... I remember what I was doing.
I was browsing YouTube, and you know how I'll make recommendations for you and stuff.
I think I watched Play of the Navigator on there one time, and so I recommended Rad and stuff.
So, that movie is really fucking cheesy, if you've ever seen it.
It is super cheesy, Bob.
They have a scene at a dance where they're riding BMX bikes to send me an angel.
It's just like, what the hell is going on?
So I was like, okay, that's really funny.
And so I had Trevor in the game, running for the police, and
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Are you going to try and go viral like Bobby's article did this week?
Oh no, it's not going to go viral.
It's just a funny video, so that's all.
But yeah, so I played through that.
I'm actually at the very end of the game, so I'm trying to finish the single player campaign before online starts because I do want to do online.
I think I am going to have a few days though because I know online launches on Tuesday, but come on.
They even admitted to it.
They're like, listen, we know how online multiplayer launches have been, and trust us, we're going to try to make sure that that's not going to be the same way, but it's probably going to... It'll break.
It's going to be broken.
It's going to be, you know...
www.DarkSakura.com
What was the strategy behind delaying it and not having it when the game launches?
Did they purposely want people to spend some time with single player mode first?
Some people feel rushed to get into the multiplayer portion.
They wanted you to enjoy the single-player portion of the game first, and they wanted to make sure that everything worked properly.
So, I mean, there's a lot of stuff in the world, so I can understand how you need to make sure everything's tested and catch any flaws you may have with your servers and that kind of stuff.
Especially since they've had trouble with the social club stuff.
Going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster said Social Club was pretty rough in the first week.
Game had issues connecting to it.
Seg is in our chatroom and says, I'm glad they separated out the release.
Yeah, so I could play the single player and get a little bit of a handle of the map and also kind of like how you do heists and just all that stuff.
I'm going to totally 180 the topic on you here, but this conversation is making me think about this, and it's not in our show role tonight, and it is pretty big news.
The new Batman game that's coming out this fall in a month or two.
I don't know if you heard about this.
The Wii U version will not have multiplayer.
Oh, shocking.
They've said that before.
The Nintendo online component just isn't – they don't think there's enough people there, and it's –
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
God, I wish they would do that on the PlayStation 3 and the 360 as well.
Or I wish this is an offering we could have for games where not $10 off the price for multiplayer, which is kind of funny to me because isn't this like the inverse but in a more consumer-friendly way of the online pass?
Because the online pass was $10, right?
Because I'm thinking like if what I'm reading is correct, if games were $10 cheaper to begin with, we wouldn't have a problem with online passes.
Yeah.
I think it's marketing spin to be honest because it was always going to be $10 cheaper.
It wasn't a decision that they made when they put it out.
I think what it is is that the Wii U stuff doesn't sell as well and so they have to lower the price to make it more attractive to people buying games.
That's really the true story of it.
And the fact that it just doesn't have multiplayer I don't think it would have mattered.
They would have still put it out at $60 anyways if they thought they could get away with it.
But that's really what it comes down to is there's not a lot of
you know third party games selling on that system so yeah let's mark you know mark it down 10 bucks to try to see if we can move a few more copies it's not but see now they've gotten a lot of PR spin out of it you know so it's very positive and you know that helps them out as well but it's not it's not specifically because multiplayer is missing trust me because shit they omit stuff from all different you know games cross platforms and there's never a price break because of that it's always because the system's just not doing as well
E3VL in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says pretty sweet deal seeing it also has gamepad support I gotta be honest I'm interested in the new Batman game I don't know how I feel about multiplayer part of me says get it on Playstation 3 but even Arkham City Armored Edition was kind of lame as far as the gamepad support it was pretty much what you had with the PS3 I
I don't have let that affect my opinion of the new Batman game because well A I haven't played the new one yet B I know the other case you had Arkham City was kind of shoehorned into the Wii U to try to like and that was one of the Wii U's biggest problems is that most of its launch was made up of games that were already out on PlayStation 3 and 360 but with new little frills in it that didn't really I mean it was kind of at that point no one care
You know, unfortunately.
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
Like, I gotta admit, there's a part of me that's kind of like, oh, maybe I'll just get the Wii U version.
Even though there's another part of me that's like, well, Rob, you never know when you might want to do multiplayer.
You might really like it.
But what multiplayer do they really have?
Because if it's anything like the other games have been, it's just been challenge maps where it's two-player co-op.
You know, it's not even really that interesting.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Another recent release, Tomb Raider.
It was a great, fantastic single-player game.
I loved it.
I didn't really touch the multiplayer.
I wouldn't have missed it if it wasn't there.
I wouldn't pick your system based on multiplayer because I don't think that the multiplayer in that game is going to be very deep.
It's kind of challenge maps and that's it.
It's kind of tacked on because these studios think that they need to have multiplayer in every game.
I think that's why a lot of people think, oh, hey, if the game was $10 cheaper, yeah, I wouldn't really miss the multiplayer in it.
And for a lot of games, yeah, that's pretty true.
All right.
Sorry, I didn't mean to yank away your gaming week, but that just kind of jumped in my mind and I knew it wasn't on the show roll coming up.
Also, if I may interject, on the Orange Lounge Radio Tumblr, the picture of Loki and the monitor is up.
Oh, you got that?
Was it just Orange Lounge Radio on one word dot Tumblr dot com?
Yep.
There you go.
So if you want the visual, there you go.
Thank you.
You guys work fast.
Go team OLR.
All right, Loki.
Thanks to Runchon.
Thank you.
Loki, back to your gaming week.
So that was it, yeah, it's just Grand Theft Auto.
I don't even think I got around to it.
I may have played one thing at Call of Duty this week, but it's been basically just Grand Theft Auto.
Oh, and very briefly, because we're going to get into that later, I had to launch up Saints Row 4 on PC in big picture mode, you know.
Yeah.
I did Rogue Legacy, same reason.
Going into my gaming week, so what did I play this week?
Well, I played Rogue Legacy, but most of my time, of course, was spent with Final Fantasy XIV, which really shouldn't surprise anybody who's been listening to this show, but I will say this, I hit level 50 this morning.
and DarkSakura.
uh 14 still not perfect the gold spam is very irritating and there's some other quality of life things but you know again for a quote I'm using my quotey fingers new MMO because we're just we're forgiving 1.0 and just pretending it never happened but for a new MMO uh it's you know doing quite well so I look forward to the future patches and what else is going to be in the future um so when I wasn't playing Final Fantasy 14 and getting level 50 there um
I was in my pinball thing again.
I think I got into this last week, but even more so.
More pinball games this week.
Not just the Zen Pinball on Vita and PlayStation 3.
I was playing more of that.
But then I also downloaded Pinball Arcade, which is the... I can't remember who makes that.
Crave published it on Wii, but then they went under.
Farsight Studios, I think is the name of it?
Yes, that's it.
It's Farsight Studios does it.
And they...
have deals in place with like Stern and Midway or whoever owns that right now to have all those classic tables in the game.
So what's really cool, there's tons of DLC.
So I actually downloaded Pinbot so I could have that as a table.
And because Alan told me this is his favorite table of all time, I also downloaded Elvira Scared Stiff, which is available in Pinball Arcade.
And they have the Star Trek, the next generation pinball machine, which surprised me.
They had a couple licensed ones where I was like, wow, Twilight Zone is one of the default machines you get when you buy the game.
I was very surprised with that.
Which, by the way, I think that, what is the new table that Stern's coming out with?
They have Steve Ritchie working on one.
Tron is the newest thing I know that they did.
Well, the rumor is that the Addams Family pinball machine is coming in a future expansion pack.
That would make me very happy.
I love that pinball machine.
I'm sure a lot of people did.
It's one of the best performing pinball machines of all time was the Addams Family one.
You know, an odd one that I would love to see would be Black Rose.
It might be in there.
The Lady Pirate game.
I'll have to fire it up and see what they have and what they don't have.
Is this so weird playing the virtual tables?
Yeah, it is weird, but, you know, I can't afford the real machines, and it's not always practical to go out, so it's a nice compromise, because, like, I can actually play on the Vita in my bed, you know, which is kind of neat.
Well, we used to have Pin Mame hooked up that, I mean, it had, like, a tilt function and everything.
It was really cool.
But, uh...
What was I was going to say about it?
But I mean, even those big virtual ultracade type ones just were, it's different.
I can get into playing it maybe a little casually, but I can't get into playing it kind of hardcore.
I'm going to the chat room.
In chat, SSJ100Matt says, if Haunted House Pinball Table is in there, then this is sold to me.
Guess what?
It is in there.
But here's the weird thing.
It's not on PlayStation Network.
It's only on the iOS, Android, and Mac versions.
For some reason, it's missing from PlayStation Network.
That could be because it's the newest pack.
17 and 18 are the newest packs, and so maybe it's just not there yet.
So don't lose hope, but I'm looking at that.
They do not have the Black Rose, which you were mentioning before.
You mentioned another table, too, you were curious about.
I did?
I thought.
Maybe not.
Jackbot, maybe?
No, but Bride of Pimbot's there.
And I know they referenced Jackbot in the bio for Pimbot.
Jackbot is basically Pinbot's table with the bride's rules.
Attack from Mars is there, which was a pretty neat machine.
Creature from the Black Lagoon.
I'm not going to read the whole list.
I'm just reading ones that jump out at me.
Medieval Madness, No Good Gophers.
I know I've played that before.
Terminator 2 Judgment Day is another one of those packs that's not on PlayStation, but it's on the iOS.
and of course Twilight Zone is there because that's the best.
Yeah, that's one of the default ones you get I think.
Oh no, it's not.
No, I take that back.
It's not.
Theater of Magic.
Theater of Magic is so good.
Yeah.
So, yeah, there you go.
Anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to take over with pinball talk, but that's literally kind of what I've been playing in the in-between times is the pinball games.
And also checked out a free-to-play one on PlayStation, which was more like a demo, but it actually has trophies and a full table in it.
I think it's called Pinballistic is the name of it, and it's more of a head-to-head pinball game.
Not like Revenge of the Gator, which, by the way, is one of my all-time favorite Game Boy games.
Remember Revenge of the Gator?
Oh, yeah.
That big old link cable.
It was so much fun, right?
But I think, didn't that, wasn't that by the same people who eventually made Pokemon Pinball?
I'm almost positive it was, HAL Laboratories.
But anyway, it's more like side by side.
You play with somebody side by side, but it's the NPC.
It's the computer.
You can't play on PlayStation Network, which surprised me.
I would have thought for sure it was something you would play online, but it doesn't appear to be that way unless I somehow missed it.
I don't know.
There it is.
That's pretty much why I've been playing my gaming week.
White Mage and Pinball.
That's it.
Game Guru said Orange Pinball Radio and I'm like, maybe we need a pinball podcast.
Some days.
Some days.
Ragenator in chat also says Steam selection of pinball is sadly kind of limited.
Yeah, I don't think they have a lot, but there's some old school PC classics.
One of my favorite PC pinball games was, oh God, now I can't remember the name of it.
I'm so embarrassed.
It was the one that was on the Amiga, Pinball Dreams?
That's it, Pinball Dreams.
And they had sequels to that, which were amazing.
So I remember playing Alien Crush and Devil's Crush.
I mean, those are two great ones.
I still need a copy of Jackie Crush.
I don't think Pinball Dreams was the one I really, really loved.
What was the one that had the game show?
Pinball Fantasies.
I bet that's it.
Yes, Pinball Fantasy was my absolute favorite.
Pinball Fantasies, excuse me, was my absolute favorite one.
That was originally on the Amiga in late 1992.
But it was on the PC later on.
I know it was.
Did they really make that on the Jaguar?
I didn't know that.
They put a lot of stuff on Jaguar.
Go figure.
Never knew that.
All right, anyway.
Pinball, pinball, pinball.
Some quick FYIs, and then we'll get into gaming news tonight.
Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, and then we're also on Facebook, of course, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't know of any shows off that we have coming up, probably not until the holiday season, so we do hope you will join us live, if you can, on the Sunday night at some point.
All right, we ready to get into some gaming news?
We got a big 1, 2, 3 that I think everybody's talking about right at the top here.
So, Loki, start us off.
So, they had three big announcements for Steam this week.
The first being the announcement of SteamOS.
It's a version of Linux, or I should say it's based off of Linux, that will support Windows and Mac gamers as well.
Also, I guess, allow you to stream music, TV, and movies and stuff to your TV as well.
So, basically, what this is meant for is you put SteamOS on a PC and you can either... Because, you know, not every game is supporting Linux on Steam, so...
and DarkSakura.
Yeah, so it's going to kind of tie in with big picture mode, and they're going to have a beta in this September.
I'm sorry, not this September.
They're going to have a beta soon, I think, for the SteamOS stuff.
Asking a question here, I'm sure a lot of gamers are asking, why do I need SteamOS?
How is it going to make a game better?
That's exactly my question.
I don't know.
And that's what I would like to know in order for me to want to do that.
Why would I spend money to build this small PC to hook up to my TV when I can just build a better PC and just hook it up to my TV in the first place and not have to worry about streaming stuff through my network?
I don't know at that point.
All right, well, I was asking you because I thought maybe you would have an answer.
I'll tell you what I think I'm getting, the impression I'm getting from everything I'm reading is that by having a dedicated operating system, it cuts out a lot of the fat.
Because an operating system like Windows 7, it's a good operating system, but there's a lot of fatty stuff in it that might not necessarily be needed to play games.
There might be a lot of things under the hood, parts that we don't necessarily need when we're playing a game.
So SteamOS as an operating system can kind of strip that out and dedicate all the power of the system to the game.
And I don't think you're going to see these improvements that are like, oh my god, it just blows me away.
But minor performance improvements that would make a game run a little better than necessarily it would in Windows environment or even Mac OS.
So that's the impression I'm getting.
Well, I can imagine if that's the case, if it's running natively on that box, but as far as streaming goes, probably not so much.
And that's the thing, I'm sure that later on, when they do come out with this, that maybe more developers will support it, maybe they'll give them some sort of incentive to support SteamOS, but...
Right now, they haven't really detailed what exactly you're getting with SteamOS.
Actdeft in our chatroom says, because SteamOS is going to be free, might be a reason.
But, I mean, Linux as it is, is free, and it doesn't seem to have this... Because I think Linux...
Linux, because of the environment it grew up in, it was a very kind of like, I don't want to say hacker, but let's say computer enthusiast type of OS that most general people out there that use a personal computer don't understand Linux because you do have to have kind of a basic grasp a lot of times of how to use the inside of a computer which not everybody has a working knowledge of.
There's other distros of Linux that are a lot more user friendly.
But I don't think it really puts itself out there for...
and soccer moms.
If I could teach a five-year-old how to use Linux Mint, anyone can learn it.
Okay, well then I'm going to turn it around.
Why aren't people using it then if it's so easy?
Because basically we've got this Windows versus PC mentality.
It's all marketing.
People are looking into what more things are made for.
It's almost like the...
What am I trying to think of?
You know, when you have your consumer market, when a lot of marketing money is going into saying, hey, you need a PC for blah, blah, blah, and they're getting all of these developers in their pocket, or hey, you need a Mac for this, especially when they were really marketing to artists and, you know, movie editors, that type of thing, you know.
Instead, you've got, for example, a lot of 3D programs actually run more efficiently in Linux.
For example, every build of Maya I've ever used, I've had the easiest time using it in Linux and I've gotten better results.
Well, even Gabe Newell came out and said the best version of Left 4 Dead was in Linux.
So, you know, that's why this kind of conclusion we're getting to here isn't a huge surprise.
I think we all kind of figured the Steam box would be a Linux box.
We just didn't realize it would be a custom Linux box.
Well, and Ranma, I disagree about Windows being easier to use than Linux.
I mean, I do agree that you get more unified support for Windows.
But with Linux, you have a lot more freedom and a more efficient OS.
For example, when I was running Mint on my little stupid netbook, it took up two gigabytes of space less than Windows for netbook did.
Freed up a lot of memory.
and on top of that whenever I wanted to make any tweaks to it all I had to do was upload a kernel was update the kernel that was it I didn't have to go into and with with Linux even with Mint as user-friendly as it is you can go in and do quite a bit to it go in through the root and everything but the easiest way to do that is find someone who's already done the work for you and upgrade the kernel it's fully customizable
Well, I think also now that with SteamOS, they're getting a lot more support from the graphics card developers and stuff, like NVIDIA is working with them on drivers and support for it.
And I'm assuming ATI is going to probably do the same.
So that's really the most important part for right now is because, say, I want a game on Linux.
There's not a lot of drivers out there available for that stuff.
And so now they're working with them to be able to have better support for it.
And that is the one downside of Linux.
However, especially the reason why I liked Mint is because it used a lot of drivers that worked for Ubuntu and Debian.
So I really had a very wide range of what I could pick from.
and one of the other things I like too is a lot of programs that existed for Linux that have to go through a verified check before you could download them and it had like this download server that you could get almost anything that had been approved.
You make me want to take my crappy old laptop I'm not really using anymore and just put Linux on it just to kind of play with it.
The other thing about Linux, you can run it off a flash drive.
So I can bring you a Linux Mint Distro if you wanted to try it and run it off a flash drive.
Hmm.
Linux is very user-accessible.
and very user friendly depending on your distro.
But Windows is what people have pretty much been sort of, you know, led by the leash to learn how to use.
And I use Windows for most of my stuff because honestly, like for example, for the Adobe Suite, it's optimized a lot better than it used to be.
You know, most of my games are on Windows.
But
In a heartbeat, I would have a dual boot.
When I'm ready to reformat my system, I'm dual booting it.
Okay.
All right, well, let's move on.
We kind of already have touched on this, so let me just formally bring up the topic of the Steam Box, which is now being called the Steam Machine, or Steam Machines, plural, as the case may be, because there's not just one.
There's going to be multiple forms of these coming out in 2014, according to the Valve announcement, which was the second one they made this week.
Also, they announced 300 prototype boxes will be available to Steam users for...
DarkSakura.com
all right all in all seriousness though uh you can actually go through this series of um like little i don't want to say hoops online but basically little mini achievements online if you want to sign up for this and even get a little bit of steam xp for doing it but one of them is like basically signing an agreement that you know the legal mumbo jumbo that it's still the property of valve and they can ask for it back and if it burns down your house it's not their fault you know type of thing
and then you have to have a public profile you have to because if they want people to share the information right it's got to be public and you have to actually play a game in big picture mode and with a controller and so I'm assuming that's also to make sure that somebody can kind of compare contrast I'm thinking it's kind of the
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
obviously these things will be running Steam OS which will be on the Steam machine they are working with a variety of computer parts makers I have a feeling one of them is Alienware because didn't Alienware put some tweets out there about this?
I don't remember I thought I remember seeing something like that I know they're still having was it that one company that was doing the pistons doing one and maybe Alienware they do a lot of gaming stuff so I wouldn't doubt it but
I mean come on at the end of the day though I mean if it's that easy just to just build a box I mean it's not essentially since it's available free I don't see what they can really put together I mean aside from form factor and making something you know proprietary that way but it doesn't have to I don't think you need to have a box that's like the size of you know an Ouya or something like that because because it's going next to your TV I mean
Fuck, look at the size of the Xbox One.
That's a pretty decent-sized case.
And really, when you try to get it down that small, that means a lot more specialized parts, and it's going to send the price up a lot more.
So just, I don't know, make just a smaller case, and that's about it.
Going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, Actdeft says they don't want beta testers.
They want people promoting the Steam machine.
It's what Blizzard's doing with Hearthstone right now, and it's working very well for them.
PackDev says, it sucks that they're asking for the machine back, but I understand as a prototype they must have it back.
It's not that they're going to make you give it back.
In fact, I kind of highly doubt they will, but they have the right to ask for it back.
And I have a feeling, PackDev, that's to prevent people from selling it on eBay.
Because if they see one of those machines pop up on eBay, they're going to ask for it back.
I kind of think that's what... They have to just put that in there legally, so you can't go and try and sell it.
That's probably what it's for.
So there you go.
Tenkis in our chatroom says, Daft Punk better be getting some royalties for the use of Steam Machine.
No, I don't think it works that way.
I think because Steam Machine is not a music performance piece.
It doesn't happen that way.
And DC Nate says, I'm pretty sure those machines will be scattered to the winds.
Didn't they say they encouraged hacking them open anyway?
Okay.
Yeah, I think hacking's a part of it.
Wasn't that supposed to be the deal with the Ouya, too, though?
Well, the Ouya, yeah, they promised that, oh, you'd be able to root it from the beginning.
We'll give you the instructions to root it.
That never happened.
People figured it out anyways.
But it's all the more reason, you know, now that all this stuff's coming out, it's kind of making it more and more insignificant, I guess.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's still... You're building a gaming PC.
It's not all of a sudden because SteamOS is on it that it's going to drop the price of parts.
It's not.
It's going to be very expensive to... You're not going to get a really great gaming PC for $400.
I mean, you're going to have to spend a lot of money to be able to build a nice PC.
But there'll probably be a bargain one for the streaming solution and very few games...
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura
Well, there have been a few questions in chat about this, and it's about the Steam Controller.
First of all, it has no D-pad.
It is all using a touchpad.
The trackpads themselves are using haptic feedback, so it's basically something that's going to make it easier for people that are more used to playing FPS games on a PC.
It's supposed to make it a lot more friendly to use.
It also has...
Different shoulder buttons, some face buttons, and three buttons that are below the touchpad.
And what they're trying to do is make it basically run just using your thumbs as sort of the instinctive direction.
It looks pretty neat, and it actually looks like it would be ergonomically comfortable.
So hopefully...
It looks like they're taking a big cue from, I would even say, some of Sony's design for their PlayStation controllers.
The big thing about it is that with having a touchpad, it's trying to ascertain that it will always be supported for whatever game to be played on it.
I'm not sure I understand why I need one
I mean, okay, so yeah, they're trying to do something that goes with the box, but the Xbox 360 controller can play everything on Steam now.
Well, here's the other good thing about this, because it's using that double trackpad, is they also have it configurable to where it can be switched for left-handed or right-handedness.
So it offers a lot more comfort.
That's cool.
to people who play.
I think they're just trying to bridge the gap between PC and gamepad.
It's almost like having mouse controls, I guess, with it.
Once again, I can't tell by just looking at that if I would like it because, yeah, the haptic feedback would have to be pretty significant as far as making it feel different from trying to play a game on a tablet versus on this thing.
I mean, because
Honestly, at the end of the day, it's basically you're sliding your finger along a pad and you've kind of trained yourself if you're playing video games that you're using an analog stick or directional pad or something, at least console-wise.
And so it's going to be very different.
I think there's going to be a little bit of a learning curve with there.
And I did read a review or just some brief comments about it that the developer for Super Meat Boy actually got to try it out.
Somebody just posted that in our...
He liked it.
There's a few gripes about it and stuff.
Maybe some latency things that they need to iron out.
I think it's going to be a whole new learning curve, but it could be good.
I just don't know based on looking at that.
Saganar Chatroom.
Actually, let me start with GameGuru.
Says, Valve needs kiosks without controllers so we can play with it.
And how much is it going to be?
Because do I really need to buy another controller?
Is it going to be another $60 controller?
And are people really going to support it?
Because I understand that it's backwards compatible with all these other games that...
You can map it to keyboard and stuff, but dude, wouldn't it be a lot easier if they just put out some Steam app or something that, hey, now I can fucking map my gamepad, like my Xbox 360 controller to these older games and stuff.
Why can't they just do that?
I mean, instead of putting out this brand new controller.
I'm on Steam's page right now looking for price information.
I don't see anything.
They won't have it yet.
You won't find it.
Sagan Chat says the controller is attempting to bridge the gap of games needing mouse and keyboard without remaking the game I get that to a point because I think about what this controller would allow me to do I could play Civilization V on my TV essentially with this controller which is going to be a very surreal thing a very mouse and keyboard type of game I'm going to be able to use this controller on that's kind of funky I'm curious to try that see what that's like that could be very cool
but then I can't help but my brain goes to when we talk about bringing the mouse and keyboard games over to a controller I keep thinking most people don't want that because my head goes to first person shooters like Battlefield or even something like Mass Effect 3 where the people that are on mouse and keyboard are very loyal to mouse and keyboard and don't want the controller but the vice versa is also true you've got some people that swear by the controller and don't want to do the mouse and keyboard that's an age old thing
as old as the consoles themselves.
Becky wants to do all the fun customization stuff I've been doing in Mass Effect, but she doesn't want to use her keyboard.
She wants to keep using her Xbox controller, which doesn't quite work for the third game because they were kind of jerk faces about it.
It does on an Xbox.
You know what I mean?
I do, I do.
Which is completely stupid because basically the Xbox version is the PC version just with lower textures.
But it's also what people are used to and what they're more comfortable with.
She has wrist problems, I have hand problems.
For me, my keyboard's better.
For her, her controller's better.
I think I can see why they'd want to have something in between both styles.
But I don't know that it's going to catch on.
At least it would take a lot of persuasion for it to catch on.
I'm just worried about the price because that thing has another display in the actual controller that's a touchpad.
You know, so...
and DarkSakura.
What if I want to play with friends, you know, in my living room or something like that?
Or are they even designing it for that?
I don't know.
It's just really strange.
Let me ask this question and then we're going to move on for time's sake.
But I've seen this a lot on Twitter and I just kind of wanted to entertain this out there, you know, because this is where every gamer has a voice.
So sometimes I like to kind of see what's the pulse on things out there going on.
and a lot of the stuff I see on Twitter says, you know, if Microsoft or Sony had made an announcement this week along these lines, if Sony had rolled out that controller, they'd be getting crucified right now and raked over the coals over it.
And I have to admit, I don't think I agree with that because I think
There is a lot of skepticism behind the Steam Controller, especially.
There's less skepticism behind SteamOS because it's free.
It's hard to argue about something that's free and a choice.
I'll tell you what it is right here, and this is exactly what the issue is.
All of this is optional.
You can still use Steam the way it is right now, and nothing's going to change.
Or you can do all this other stuff.
It'd be like if the PlayStation 4 was going to use the Steam Controller exclusively...
Even optionally, I don't think anyone would really buy into it optionally But let's just say that it was And actually, we don't know how it connects It could be Bluetooth and maybe they could support it I mean, who knows But if this was going to be the only controller Then people would be like, well, hold on now I'm used to this controller that I've been playing with for the last three generations And now you're going to totally switch it up on me That's where people flip their shit and stuff And get pissed off at Microsoft and Sony about this kind of thing
but Steam, this is all new ground for them.
It's all optional.
Steam's not all of a sudden going to just stop working on current PCs unless you buy a Steam box or a Steam machine or whatever you want to call it.
So that's I think why people aren't really necessarily dogging them so much but at the same time I'm not really praising them so much because I don't know anything about any of this.
So far they haven't demonstrated to me why this is significant to me.
That's the thing I don't get about these tweets.
I mean, sure, there's always going to be fanboys, but there's fanboys in Microsoft and Sony's camps as well, clearly.
So, of course, there's fanboys in Steam's camp that are going to praise anything and everything they do.
And I love Steam, and I love a lot of it, and I'm interested in the Steam OS, and the price is the big thing for me on the Steam machines, but I've got to say, when it comes to the controller, I'm highly skeptical.
I mean, I guess I have to get my hands on one.
Hopefully they have them at gaming expos, or they have it out there where I can try this, but...
I am kind of skeptical about the controller and so forth, and that's okay to be a little bit skeptical, right?
I'm skeptical about a lot of things.
I'm still skeptical about an included Kinect with Xbox One, but we won't tread down that road.
I get why Microsoft's forcing it, I get it, but I still don't.
One of the things I forgot to mention during my game week, I canceled my pre-order for my PlayStation 4.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Honestly, they didn't look that different and it didn't look that much more amazing on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One versus the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3.
I'm going to go on a limb and say there hasn't been a good launch game since Super Mario World.
Hell no, that Wii U Mario game is fucking great.
I can't even keep them all straight anymore.
The Mario game on this console, Super Mario Wii, it was better than the one on the Wii.
I can't put my finger on it, but I enjoyed it more than the one on the Wii.
I don't know if it's just the HD, the touchpad, being able to interact with multiplayer.
There's nothing wrong with it.
It's a decent Mario game, but it's not enough to sell me a system.
Yeah, that's how I feel too.
However, you know, I was all over my Super Nintendo because, you know, I got Zelda and I had Mario World and that was all I needed.
You know what would have sold that system?
If they never came out with Super Mario Galaxy and launched Super Mario Galaxy with the Wii U, that would have been pretty significant and looked a lot different than what they had out there.
I think that would have been a little bit better than just like another new Super Mario Brothers game, but whatever.
I mean, fine, we've already traded that.
Yeah, let's not go down that road.
I feel like we've,
but yeah seriously though the CMOS thing and then of course you know everyone's everyone's still hoping for a Half-Life 3 announcement but you know that's never gonna come
It was a little bit disappointing that there was no game announcement.
And I'm going to admit, I was one of those people disappointed that they didn't announce any games because the old rule, a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Hold on.
I get that there's a ton of games already in Steam's library, and that's what they're pushing with these Steam machines.
But still, something to sweeten the pot and that would really just be optimized for SteamOS or something would have been awesome.
and it doesn't even have to be Half-Life 3 people if that's long and gone whatever Left 4 Dead 3 or heaven forbid a new IP from Valve or something they gobbled up a while ago and I forgot about would have been great
and I think there's still time because right now we've gotten the whole they're going to go through the beta testing thing kind of start building the buzz for it and stuff and once you get towards the launch of this new system whatever because I would assume they're treating it like a Steam console so they're going to have console games for it that's I think when we're going to see you know the bombs being dropped about like you know
Source 2, and that kind of stuff.
Assuming with Source 2 you're going to see new games, maybe not necessarily Half-Life 3, but Left 4 Dead 3, and whatever else is going to follow.
At the very least, Left 4 Dead 3.
I think Half-Life 3, though, is still being worked on.
It was probably being done on Source 2, and because they don't have anything to talk about Source 2 right now, there's nothing to talk about about Half-Life 3.
Alright, let's move on with some more stories.
Loki.
Alright, so...
Thanks for watching!
It is kind of weighed more towards the PlayStation 4 versus the Xbox One.
For example, they're saying that 15% of the people who are surveyed were going to buy an Xbox One compared to 26% who are going to buy a PlayStation 4.
and then of course the younger people were saying that only 27% were under the age of 40 were going to get an Xbox One compared to 41% under the age of 40 that were planning to buy a PlayStation 4.
it kind of makes sense to me if you think about it because I don't know I think a lot of people over 40 would still be that hardcore in the gaming I mean that's kind of before you know before a lot of you know that generation I guess you know the people that grew up in the 80s but um yeah so 15 and 26 I mean that doesn't seem that significant to me I don't really know what you know previous generations were like but um
I don't know.
I think for me and a lot of people I've talked to, it's just when you look at what they have coming out, like you just launched a huge game with Grand Theft Auto V on current generation consoles.
And all these big games that are coming out for the fourth quarter, the staple stuff aside from the next-gen exclusive first-party titles, you've got Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty and Watch Dogs.
and like Need for Speed and all that stuff those are coming out in current gen as well as next gen so there's not a lot of um they haven't really given you a lot of reasons like okay here's the PlayStation 3 version here's the PlayStation 4 version here's why the PlayStation 4 version is better
Thanks for watching!
I don't know.
I think that's why people aren't that excited right now.
Although, once 2014 hits and we see a lot more next-gen exclusive games or games that look a lot better in next-gen than they do on current-gen, as we start to get that gap a little bit more, then yeah, it might be a little bit more advantageous to buy a next-gen system.
Yeah, but are people going to crucify the shit out of these consoles like they did the Wii U if the games aren't there right away?
but I think there are games there right now it's just there's third party games but the thing is I think it's going to be along the lines of like the Xbox 360 launch where you had a lot of titles that didn't look that much better than the Xbox titles there wasn't that huge difference because they're developing for both systems so you were kind of scaled back a little bit on you know the Xbox 360 and they sort of look like you know a little up res or slightly better versions of the original Xbox games I
Sorry, Jamie.
I just have this very funny feeling.
Call this whatever you want.
I just call it a funny feeling.
I haven't been doing this show for a long time.
I have this funny feeling that Xbox One is going to perform a lot like Wii U. I think it'll do fine during the holiday.
It's going to sell enough consoles to justify its existence and so forth.
But then when the games don't show up in 2014 like they never do during a console's first year, I think the sales of the Xbox One are going to drop off dramatically simply because of price.
and so forth and I think uh I think for some reason it's going to be okay and people will be like that's okay Xbox One will still but yet with but the third party developers aren't going to be jumping ship going we're only going to make PlayStation 4 games here's the thing though it's like I have to see how that looks because right now as far as the slate goes everything that's been I haven't really seen any aside from like you know uh Final Fantasy 14 and
I haven't really seen any PlayStation 4 exclusive titles that weren't first party that were coming out or even vice versa.
There hasn't been any Xbox One exclusive titles that were third party.
It's all been multi-platform kind of going forward.
Now, if one console completely tanks...
Yeah, that could change.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Random ass tangent because I'm going to totally switch to a different news story here in a minute here.
But I've got to ask this question while we're talking about sales and console wars and all that.
I was listening to another podcast I enjoy, Video Game Realness.
I don't know if you guys have all heard that show, but it's a really fun show.
It's like a newer show.
And they brought up a point on their last episode that even I kind of didn't realize.
But in Japan right now,
PlayStation 4, not coming out till 2014 Xbox One So what does that mean for the holidays in Japan this year?
Wii U is unopposed
Zat, have any bearing on anything?
No.
Why not?
Because it's all about the games.
I don't think that unless they come out and just really impress, I don't know, is Monster Hunter 4 coming out on Wii U?
Because I just don't think that they're going to wait because they know that it's coming.
No, but there is a Mario game that anybody who's touched it seems to really enjoy it.
I don't know.
I will see.
I mean, hopefully.
It's just like I hope there's a little bit of an uptick with, you know, the Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD, but I don't think that people are treating it like a brand new Zelda game.
It's just kind of like they almost look at it as like an HD remake type thing, which it is.
I mean, I don't know.
Yeah, Jamie.
Well, IkumaJP in chat was saying that there's Vita ads everywhere.
Mm-hmm.
and the other thing that I was considering too is that I think that maybe Sony and Microsoft are relying on brand loyalty for marketing over here as opposed to having the games out.
I think Microsoft's already starting a push with marketing though.
They're getting those billboards up and they're getting their ads on TV and so forth.
I'm not sure so much about Sony but I know Microsoft's starting that push over here a little bit.
ShadowNextGen in chat says the Wii U has a nice holiday lineup.
Super Mario 3D World will move units.
It's really too bad they don't have Mario Kart 8 on deck this year because I really think that's the game.
That would help.
Even more so than Mario 3D World.
I think that's the game that they need right now.
I think that and Smash Bros.
would be pretty strong.
We'll see.
I realize good games take time and I'm living in a fan-wank world when I say if this holiday had been...
3D World, Mario Kart 8, Bayonetta 2, and Smash Bros.
I mean, we would not be hearing the death of Nintendo articles right now.
I think you can exclude Bayonetta 2.
I mean, that's not a system seller.
It's still niche.
It's niche, but it's niche in the right way.
Bayonetta 2 will perform like Wonderful 101.
It will not do well.
It will do okay, because all the niche people that are into Bayonetta will buy it.
By the way, I heard that Bayonetta is actually in that game, too.
Wonderful 101.
Um, but they will buy it, but it's just not going to be that significant because you have to have, you know, the just the regular players, you know, wanting to pick that game up.
Like, you know, regular players will pick up a Mario game, but they won't pick up Bayonetta 2.
I don't think that would... But yeah, those three big Nintendo titles would definitely help.
At least the wank I just said is not nearly as bad as... God, one of those investor websites where I sometimes wonder, like, has this person ever even played a fucking video game?
Where it says that in order for Nintendo to save itself, because, you know, there's no such thing as a 3DS right now.
in order for Nintendo to save itself they need to sell the Wii U without the gamepad is Nintendo going to be abandoning the gamepad?
what an idiot
There's a person who needs to get his corporate sponsorship out of his ass and actually play the system and live in the real world.
I will say this.
As much as I agree with that to an extent, there is a part of me though that goes, but Wii Fit U, that's not really built around the gamepad.
The Wii Sports HD, not really built around the gamepad.
Are they starting to do away with this?
Are they starting to put ducks in a row where that's a possibility?
I don't think so, because Mario Kart 8, etc., etc., but could this idiot be onto something?
Wii U without the gamepad, you think?
Then why not just get a Wii?
Why not get a 3DS?
I'm happier with my 3DS.
For the love of God, just do what you know is going to happen eventually.
Just put 3DS games on the goddamn Wii U. Or even regular DS games like Clubhouse games.
It's going to happen.
We keep dragging this segment out, but I just wish if they were to do that...
Why can't I play a DS game across the internet now?
That should be something I should be able to do, feasibly.
Why can't I fucking do that?
Like, the technology is there.
If you're gonna sell DS games on the Wii U, let me play Clubhouse games with friends on the other coast.
It is possible.
Instead of having to be in the same room.
Because, I mean, just going back to the one 3DS game I have, Animal Crossing...
I go to the International Island and chat with people in Japan and do the stupid Club Tortimer games with them and usually I don't have too much of a problem communicating because either there's a chance that between the Japanese I know and the English they know we can get a point across but I mean if they're letting you play with people across the ocean in a game like Animal Crossing why can't you play other games?
And actually, now that I think about it, that may have actually been the game I called out, Clubhouse Games.
You may have actually been able to play that across the internet on the DS, because the DS did have some internet-enabled games, like I think Prime Hunters you could do online, right?
But, you know, there were a lot of games you could only do in the same room, and it would be really cool if you could open that up.
And, you know, shit, the Wii U's got a camera in it.
Why can't we be able to see friends while we're playing?
Or see Dick while we're playing.
Or boobies.
Alright, anyhow, let's shift gears here.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at VOGnetwork.com, use the passphrase BRUSH.
This is a huge kind of topic change here.
This is going back to a story from a long time ago, but we talked about this extensively on OLR when it first happened because it had a local connection.
And this goes all the way back to the year, I think it was 2007 when this all happened.
Or would it have been 2006?
I think it was, no, it was about 07 or 07.
When did the Wii come out, Nintendo Wii?
Was it 2006?
I'm trying to remember when I waited in line in the cold.
Well, here's the thing.
Here locally in California, there was a radio station in Sacramento, specifically where our show is based, which is The End, and they had a contest called Hold Your Wii for a Wii.
You guys remember this now?
Yeah.
Yeah, because, and it really doesn't have, I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
These radio hosts and the radio station didn't realize that, yes, a person can die from drinking too much water and then not allowing themselves to go to the bathroom.
And people warned them during and before the contest.
And it was really just a hugely ignorant thing, unfortunately.
They were ignorant of the fact that a fraternity guy in Chico had passed away from the same thing not that long before.
Somebody called into the radio station even saying, like, you guys shouldn't be doing this.
And they kind of laughed it off.
And that was the really damning thing.
and this whole thing because they laughed that person off and that clip really came back to haunt all those people that got fired.
So the Morning Rave was the name of this show at the time.
They got fired.
$16.5 million in damages awarded against the station in a lawsuit, but there were no further ramifications in place.
Well, why do I bring this up today all these years later?
Because...
Media Watchdog Group, the Sacramento Media Group, and Media Action Center bringing legal action to the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, to block the renewal of the license for KDND.
So because of this incident that happened over a week six or seven years ago,
It's going to court where 107.9 The End may not get its license.
And just to kind of give you the local connection living here, I can tell you that radio station's huge in this area.
I think it's one of the top stations in the area.
It's the top 40 music station.
Isn't it the last one that still have physical DJs?
Yeah, it's one of the few that still have physical DJs.
I personally don't listen to it because it's like the Justin Bieber One Direction.
It's more of like a teeny kid station.
So no great loss.
But that shit's really popular.
There's still people that work at those stations and that's still... I would hate for those people to lose their jobs over other people's idiocy.
Right.
And so it's very interesting that all this time later, but I mean, they kind of bring up a good point that I guess there was even a documentary, Sue Wilson in 2009, who was the founder of the Media Action Center and who was a vocal critic of KD&D, did a documentary called Broadcast Blues and says, quote, in that contest, a woman died, but the Federal Communications Commission has not acted in any way.
And you kind of look at that and go, well, she has a point.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
If it were me, I would make it more difficult.
I mean, for example, to do maybe a complete investigation into their current practices to see that they have indeed learned from their mistake and are staying within proper health and safety compliance, that type of thing, before approving it.
Maybe give them extra requirements since they had
This history of events, because I mean, keep in mind for this, if you have a bankruptcy, it takes seven years to come off of your report, right?
We're looking kind of around the same time frame, you know, if your financial, you know, what's the word I'm trying to think of?
Right.
So...
So there you have it.
All these years later, the silly name of the Nintendo Wii still kind of causing these legal fallouts all these years later.
Very interesting.
If only they had stuck with the revolution, they'd be spinning in office chairs instead.
Funny.
I hate you and I really appreciate you all at the same time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Right now, it would be too late.
It would just be almost spiteful.
And it's like you see all these years later.
Do you know what I still hear about in regards to the FCC?
Is when Janet Jackson, everybody saw her titty at the Super Bowl.
You still hear about that today.
Because just recently there was an appeal of an appeal where the CBS stations themselves would not be fined.
Oh my god, people.
Oh my god.
It was a titty.
It was a titty.
When you've got people stringing up Most people already seen her titties With hands on them too Right?
It was her album cover Oh no, it was Rolling Stone Oh yeah, okay, it was Rolling Stone Miley Cyrus has a video where you can see her titty Yes!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
I agree, we need more nudity in shows.
Seriously.
It is such a double standard, you know?
It's like, oh my god, oh, there's a nipple.
And they even have it where they're pretty much topless, but they've got paces on or something.
But for some reason, that nipple, man, you've crossed the line when it's the nipple.
Why is the chat room going off about titty sprinkles?
I don't... Stop giggling.
SSG100Matt says, FCC is still going after MIA for last year's Super Bowl halftime show Middle Finger.
Was that even last year or was that two years ago?
I don't know.
It was fucking sports ball.
Well, I mean, yes, but it was Madonna, Jamie.
Madonna.
But Beyonce was this year.
Was Madonna just last year or was that two years ago?
What's Madonna going to do to one-up Miley?
Because she made out with Britney Spears or whatever or there was a kiss or some garbage.
Now she needs to one-up.
Madonna will have to literally pull something out of her.
She will need to have sex with somebody on stage in the middle of her song.
Something is going to have to happen.
You know what?
And I have to say that Adam... What's his face that was on American Idol?
Lambert.
Yeah.
I thought... My mom's a big fan.
My mom is a big fan.
Rob!
I love Adam Lambert.
Or as... Rob.
As my friend Susan calls... He should have won, Rob.
He was... Why do they let 12-year-old girls vote on Idol, Rob?
They should ban little girls from voting on Idol because Adam Lambert was robbed because the other guy was cuter.
Rob.
What?
But the 30-year-old's won with David Cook.
Just saying.
What?
Anyway, and you know Susan, she calls him Madam Lambert.
But he went out on some of his performances being basically as, I'd probably say overtly sexual as some women feel that they need to do.
And he illustrated a very good point.
Why should women be expected to do this, but men be lambasted for it?
And at the same time, if a woman goes out and is classy, she still has a particular standard that men aren't particularly held to.
And, you know, I think that the big fault just has to do with basically the...
The expectations that society itself is forced to have by what's presented to us in the media.
I think that people losing their shit over a boob is how they are conditioned to react.
You know?
I don't know how we got from the Nintendo Wii to this, but here you go.
Alright.
Well, you know, actually the same will go for violent video games.
Sorry, I gotta wrap up.
The hot coffee thing.
We gotta move on because we're an hour and a half into the show and not even halfway through our show roll for part A. You know what?
I will flip off everybody for fucking free.
If you want to, you know, pay me 1.
Well, I guess they're charging 1.5 million dollars.
I'll charge 1.5 million dollars to flip people off.
I'll do it too.
Are they talking about bedazzling boobs now?
I hate to say this, but Jamie, just ignore chat.
Go to the next story.
Actually, I do have to point out to Reginator that they have such a thing as bedazzling.
Think it over.
It's exactly what you think it is.
No thanks.
So, um, a lot of us love our LucasArts, and a lot of people love Maniac Mansion.
And Day of the Tentacle was pretty much, like, the, one of the best LucasArts games.
Well, another reason to be pissed off at Disney, with getting rid of LucasArts, they also got rid of a game that was 80% complete.
Hadn't yet been greenlit, but it was sort of a dream project for a lot of people.
And it was a Day of the Tentacle HD remake.
We've had a lot of HD remakes come in, especially DuckTales and the Mickey Mouse Castle of Illusion.
This one, I think, would have made a lot of people piss themselves.
With the fall of LucasArts, this was one of the games to suffer.
And on top of that, too, is they had a Star Wars smuggler game.
They had a Death Star iOS game.
A lot of stuff that was in process, including a Star Wars First Assault.
So, sad face.
But I think Day of the Tentacle would be what I would be missing.
Now, if I found out there was a Loom game, I would have gone out on a rampage.
Yeah.
I really wish they could have transitioned this or sold it to somebody to finish or something.
This is really heartbreaking.
And it's 80% done.
I know.
So just really, really sad.
Just bring in Gearbox to finish the other 20%.
What could possibly go wrong?
There was a big expose on Kotaku about it.
And so that's where they got the information from.
Shame on you for bringing up that website on the show.
Shame on you.
Sorry, but the article actually was legit.
Fair enough.
Instead of being the other shit.
But I mean, that being said, you know.
It makes me think about when we have stuff like this.
God, I hate this stupid program.
When we have developers working on games and then just to have it stop.
Oh, you're defunded.
Oh, we're closing down your division.
Imagine the people that are working on this one and they are totally into what they're making.
Their heart goes into it.
Robotech Crystal Dreams
well one of the developers put a little bit more time and effort in it to link the levels and released it a lot of Atari 5200 prototypes Dan and I have gone out and bought because people have fished out the prototypes made them playable and put them on a repurposed cartridge and sold them I have a ton of there's NES games you know that basically all these prototypes like oh here's an example um
Space Fantasy Zone Complete game Didn't release because of the Sega license But I've got a copy People will find a way to get out what they love So I would actually be completely happy if someone decided to be sneaky with code and get that out
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some games that will be coming out a lot sooner than that will leak to the internet.
Starting with the US release dates.
There's a lot of miscellaneous titles in NBA.
Anyways, Girls Fashion Shoot for 3DS, Cradle of Egypt 2 for 3DS, Rune Factory 4 for 3DS, E3 and Odyssey Untold the Millennium Girl for 3DS.
What's the 3DS name?
NBA 2K14 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC for 360 you're getting a couple re-releases of the Tom Clancy games well Tom Clancy Ghost Recon Trilogy and then of course the Assassin's Creed EZO Trilogy is coming out on 360 because it came out on PS3 previously
and then uh see what else we have here also uh one week from today the Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD on the Wii U in case you didn't download the digital copy and then uh Batman Arkham bundle which is the first two Batman game or back in Arkham games coming out at certain retailers
That is it.
All right.
Oh, well, yeah.
Yeah, that's it.
All right.
Let's travel to Japan and check out the releases there.
I got to be honest.
It's kind of a thin week in Japan.
Not a lot.
Nothing on PlayStation 3.
And the only thing you're going to see on Xbox 360 is some price reductions.
So Fable 2 and 3, Gears of War, the entire trilogy, and Halo 4, all getting price reductions in Japan this week.
You know, for all you 360 owners out in Japan.
Yeah.
Um, on the Vita, really nothing this week.
Uh, everything's ramping up towards October 10th is more of a busy week.
I did see something on the 3DS though.
There is, uh, S-P-E-C, Spec Can is the game that's coming out on the 3DS this week.
And I'm trying to figure out what kind of game this is.
It's labeled as an adventure game and it kind of looks like, I like the graphics because it's like an old school PC game in parts.
Kind of mixed with like a newer thing that's mixed with photography.
I don't know if it's like a crime solving game or something, but, uh...
Maybe like a CSI kind of game.
But that is one of the lone releases this week is on the 3DS.
That game.
And check out the PSP.
Just make sure we're not missing anything there.
Yeah, nothing.
There's very few releases in Japan this week.
But stay tuned next week.
There'll be more.
Well, for our friends in the UK, there are a few releases.
For the 30th, there's Gridiron Thunder.
And on October 1st, there's Flashback for PC.
And then on the 2nd is Ares Extinction Agenda EX.
And on the 4th, we have F1 2013, NBA 2K14, and The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker for Wii U.
Alright, just a few more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
By the way, chatters are telling me that my mic is cutting in and out.
Sorry, I can't see that live when I'm doing talking, so I'm going to try and hold this thing together, which is really unfortunate because this is a newer mic and was donated, so I don't know.
Thanks for watching!
Sorry, that's the downside of live radio is that I can't, you know, say, oh, hold on, guys, we're going to stop while I go fix this.
All right, let's move on, Loki.
Valve has started the beta for the Steam Family Sharing Program.
So the first thousand people that...
I guess we're invited we're sent invites this week through email or hopefully through the actual messaging through Steam because if it's through email I didn't fucking get that because I get so much spam it's ridiculous
Thanks for watching!
So once I get mine going, because I am playing a lot of Grand Theft Auto, I will probably have to add people to my Steam sharing thing so that maybe Bobby can play the legit copy of Saints Row 4 and get those achievements.
Yeah, I'm waiting for mine to come in too.
I want to play Saints Row 4.
I'm waiting for mine to get enabled too so I can do some of that sharing and test that out and be fun.
All right, well, moving on.
One more story for you guys for the Classic Game of the Week.
And this is about one of the few animes I used to watch years and years ago.
Oh, your favorite, Rob.
Pokemon!
That's right.
Yay.
You know, as much as I razzed the series and give Shane a hard time for being such a fan of the series, you know, on Horde House and so forth, I actually like legit used to love the old school Pokemon anime.
This is way back when I was in college.
I mean, this thing is like years old, right?
Do you remember when I brought my VCD of the Japanese version of the movie over?
Yes, I do.
I do.
That was great.
I remember going to see the first movie in the theater.
I went with you.
You saw a later one with me.
Did I?
No, I went and saw the very first movie with my friend Amanda.
It's too bad Sig's not listening.
He knows her very well.
But Amanda and I went to this movie, the first movie.
We were the only people in the largest auditorium in the theater.
So what did we do?
We were screaming our heads off, mimicking all the Pokemon.
We had the best time ever.
It was so fun.
But anyway, the important thing to talk about news-wise is that Pokemon Origins,
is coming to the West.
This is an anime that is a whopping four episodes long, but it will launch on November 15th in the Pokemon TV mobile application.
This tells the stories of the very first Pokemon games, Pokemon Red and Blue.
I thought that looked like Red.
From the original 96 Game Boy.
Yeah, 96 Game Boy.
Okay.
The protagonist named Red will travel through the Kanto region and get into trouble with Team Rocket, battle his rival, and challenge the Pokemon League.
Also, Pokemon the movie Genesect and The Legend Awakened will air later this month.
My god, how many Pokemon movies have there been at this point?
They only ever did, what, like four of them in theaters?
I only cared about the first one.
I know, right?
Well, the second movie was also great because if for nothing else, for the line where Jesse and James from Team Rocket, Jesse goes, the opposite sex is nothing but trouble.
And then James goes, that's why I stay out of that kind of trouble and laughed my head off when that happened.
It's on YouTube somewhere.
Go check it out.
There you go.
Pokemon Origins.
I'm kind of thinking I might have to try it.
We'll see.
See how much it costs.
For the record, I like Digimon better.
Okay.
All right.
I would say let's travel back to a time when Pokemon wasn't around, but...
There were plenty of Pokemans around for this.
Thanks to the rule change invoked by DarkSakura last week, ten years ago there were still plenty of Pokemans and plenty of classic, classic video games that are as old as this show.
Old as balls.
Are you saying this show is old as balls?
Probably.
All right.
Well, here it is.
The classic game of the week, DarkSakura.
Now that you can rip open the PlayStation 2 era, even though it was pointed out to me on Twitter, you already did when you picked the Mosquito game.
Yes, I did.
I've done other.
But whatever.
Whatever.
I've done newer games than this, too, now that I think about it.
Yeah.
But here it is.
The classic game of the week.
DarkSakura, what did you pick?
I'm going with Kingdom Hearts for Rob.
Well, thank you.
I appreciate that.
And everybody else who bought the HD version.
Even though I go, wait a minute.
Like, when this game came out, I remember playing this when it was new, and I think we were doing OLR at the time.
This game came out 11 years ago.
Oh, God.
I was still in my 20s.
Because fuck a bunch of that.
I love this music, by the way.
The Traverse Town music.
Freaking love it.
So anyway, it was Kingdom Hearts.
And as we know, it's an action role-playing game put out by Square at the time, now Squeenix, and came out on PS2 in 2002.
And it was a collaboration between Squeenix and Walt Disney.
Because we have lots of Squeenix characters around and lots of Disney characters around.
It's like the two universes had a very cute baby.
Very cute, kind of fucked up baby.
And so this one, for Square to have done so many regular RPGs, you know, their standard JRPG format, this was a little bit of a departure to be a lot more action-oriented.
And
In my case, it was a lot more, oh my god, Donald, knock the fuck off, I don't need healing.
Just saying, that was the common thing you would hear in my house.
The really great thing about it, too, is that a lot of the character designs were done... I'm sorry, the director of the game was Tetsuya Nomura, who had done a lot of the character design in Square Games.
I had a fantastic voice cast.
I mean, even though at the time I think it was right at the height of the Hayley Joel love.
And what actually has impressed me is that he's still voicing Sora and can still make himself sound that young.
He's, you know, aged a bit.
Still kind of a cute dude.
But I like the fact that he is that talented as a voice actor that he can still sound so young.
It had lots of fun cutscenes.
I mean, you had your Final Fantasy VIII characters hanging around.
You had the Sephiroth thing was pretty fun.
You had your Squall hanging out, or I'm sorry, Leonhart.
And you would get little nods.
I wouldn't necessarily call them Easter eggs, but you'd get little nods to other Square games and to different Disney franchises.
and it was pretty fun.
And I'm not even going to go much into Kingdom Hearts 2 because that, of course, is newer.
It had the Tron level, which was amazing.
This game was just awesome, except for the gummy ship, which was my least favorite part.
I hated navigating the gummy ship.
And I kept saying, why is it a gummy ship when there's no gummy bears?
I mean, hello?
So, as far as your characters, you've got the main character Sora, you have his buddy Riku, and Kairi.
And for the record, Actdeft, I knew how to set up Donald and he was still a shit.
So, basically, you team up with Donald and Goofy to find King Mickey.
And your main character is the main antagonist is Ansem and the Heartless.
So, this game has spawned so much wank.
So much wank!
But other characters that show up in there, I mean, you've got 101 Dalmatians characters for a side quest.
You have major Disney villains in the game.
You can summon different characters too, like you have the genie, you have Tinkerbell, you have Simba from The Lion King.
Riku from Final Fantasy X was supposed to show up, but was replaced by Yuffie.
You have the Cloud and Sephiroth showdown in the Olympus Coliseum.
So much really good stuff.
And the story itself is so rich that they seem to really plan on there being more than one.
They were really looking ahead.
But...
I can't say enough good about this game.
It was really amazing.
And basically, the way that this came about was that there was a discussion between Shinji Hashimoto and Sakaguchi about Mario 64, where they wanted to do a three-dimensional movement.
But they said the only way to rival a Mario game would be to have Disney behind it.
and Nomura overheard the conversation and actually led the way to start building the game.
And then there was a meeting between Hashimoto and a Disney executive in an elevator where they were in the same building in Japan.
And magic was made.
So they brought it together.
It's got fantastic music, a fantastic voice cast.
And I have to say, both the English voice cast and...
the Japanese voice cast were top notch after hearing them in both and then getting Utada Hikaru to do the main song both in Japanese and English although honestly I think the Japanese version is better I think there was a lot more production value behind it and like there's some of the voice cast that they couldn't get for the American one like they couldn't get Robin Williams they had I can never pronounce this guy's name properly Dan Castellaneta
Dan... He's Homer Simpson, yeah.
Yeah.
I can never pronounce those.
Italian, I think Castaneda or something like that.
But I mean, they get Billy Zane and David Borneas.
So I was like, well, they got the guy who plays a really down-on-himself guy to play another really down-on-himself guy.
I think, though, isn't he also the voice, though, in the second and third movies?
He was in the TV show because after Robin Williams had the falling out with Disney over Aladdin he stepped in and did the voice Robin Williams came back and did the third movie though when they all kissed and made up
At any rate, they got really, really top-level voice talent.
Sometimes when you get an RPG in Japan, they'll have top-notch voice actors behind it there, but we won't get as big names there.
This is probably one of the first to have really significant talent put into a game.
I mean of course with Disney and Square behind it, you'd expect them to put in that kind of production value.
And I don't think anybody was disappointed by this game.
If anybody was, then they're wrong.
I can see, though, when you put it next to Kingdom Hearts 2, Kingdom Hearts 2 fixed a lot of problems with the first one with the camera and so forth.
And this was stated as the runner-up for the PS2 Best Game of 2002 Reader's Choice Award.
Let's see what the first one was.
GamePro said that the battle system was like the N64 Zelda games, which, honestly, I thought was really good.
and then there actually were plenty of compliments for the AI with Donald and Goofy and it really was very customizable.
I would just always get irritated because sometimes Donald would do shit the wrong time.
It doesn't get any better in the HD version, just letting you know.
Donald's still his stupid head.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I really like when you have something big come out and then have it be a success.
And then have such a really beautiful story around the whole thing.
And there's still a lot we don't know.
You remember how everyone went, oh shit, when everyone saw Riku blindfolded in the organization outfit.
Everyone was like, ah.
And then the little ending for 2 where everyone was in the whole Keyblade Graveyard scene.
I saw an amazing Google Doc that was like 50 pages long that was trying to explain the plot of Kingdom Hearts.
And I was like, and it's for kids?
But it spawned that much fan involvement.
And when you've got, when you can build a dedicated fan base like that, you know you've really got something important and special.
Kingdom Hearts is really, I think, one of the first games that's bought several different levels of fandom together.
And I think that's a pretty monumental event, too, because usually fandoms are like, bitch, please.
All right.
Well, there it is, guys.
Your classic game of the week.
Kingdom Hearts.
on the PlayStation 2, but of course, as we all know, now on the PlayStation 3 with the whole HD version, which in our chat room, ShadowNextGen points out, Rob, I heard they fixed the camera for Kingdom Hearts 1 in the HD remix on PlayStation 3.
It's better, but I still get frustrated with it, to be honest.
But I gotta admit, Kingdom Hearts has really been on the back burner since I've been grinding in Final Fantasy XIV.
Now that I finally hit endgame and maybe that'll calm down a little bit, I'm hoping to go back and play more Kingdom Hearts.
And another good thing is that I have to say that it gave Utada Hikaru some really, really good exposure here in the U.S.
Yeah, she ended up having her albums on.
She's had several albums now in the U.S.
Two.
Well, I think that she had two and then an EP, didn't she?
I don't think so.
I think it was just the one that Timbaland produced and then the Come Back to Me.
Her best of from Japan is on the U.S.
Store.
Ah, that might be what it is.
But at any rate, I freaking love her voice.
All right, there you go.
The Classic Game of the Week.
We're running long tonight, so we're going to go right into our break.
Don't go anywhere, guys, though.
We'll be back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday night, September the 29th of 2013, the 521st episode of our show already in progress.
And unfortunately, those of you that listen on the podcast don't get to hear the music that we play during the break while we, you know, get up and stretch and refill our drinks and so forth during the break.
But we had a fun little background medley from Kid Icarus that played in the break there.
And it just reminded me how much I love the music in Kid Icarus and how it puts me in such a good mood.
Even though that game's fucking hard.
It is fucking hard, but I still like to go back and play it once in a while.
I may not be able to play it from start to finish all in one sitting, but I can at least get through the first world.
Terror, Danger, Horror, XXXX.
You picked Uprising, right?
I did.
It's up my house.
You know, and that game hurt my hand so much to play.
I never really made a lot of progress in that.
I enjoyed it, but I kind of wish they'd do it on Wii U. That would be a great game that they could put out on Wii U. Didn't.
Can they say they originally had a console version?
Yeah, they had a Wii version.
Alright.
Well, anyway, let's get into some rapid-fire gaming news and talk about some things that will be happening, unlike Kid Icarus on Wii U.
So there was an ARG that was tied with Surgeon Simulator that's now finally been cracked.
It was a secret code that you would put in the Zero Gravity Surgery mission and you'd get sucked outside of your ship.
And now you have a brand new set of surgeries you can do on an alien in Zero Gravity with alien tools.
And they have you do all sorts of weird stuff like...
Gobble Shaft Transplant and you're like what the fuck's a Gobble Shaft it's pretty funny so check that out if you have Surgeon Simulator there's actually videos out there that show you what the access code is and you can do all that so yeah
and then of course there's the second season of Mortal Kombat Legacy 10 episodes I guess they were all released at one time it's being hosted by Machinima if you may remember it was that live action series that came out around the time that the last Mortal Kombat game came out
and so yeah if you want to check it out it's on YouTube Machinima and 10 episodes for your digestion and last but not least Rockstar put out some information about Grand Theft Auto Online which launches this Tuesday on the 1st well bumpy launching on the 1st may or may not launch on the 1st
Launching in an MMO sense.
We'll be stable by mid-October.
Okay, so basically they were talking about some of the stuff and answered some of the rumors that were going around.
Confirming that there will be, not really microtransactions, but there will be some sort of online transactions to purchase in-game money.
so they have that however they preface that with you will be able to play the game and it's been balanced for people playing the game regularly and you won't actually have to buy money if you don't want to but if you want to just get ahead buy your fast cars and better weapons and crib or whatever by all means go ahead and do that some of the stuff that they announced that they're going to be doing with that they're going to be including some different
Activity, Jobs, Sports, Tennis, Content Creators for Deathmatches and Races Beach Bum Pack Customization Items Weapons
Capture the Flag is going to be coming back, and they're also going to have a content creator for that, and they'll be introducing Heist.
So that's going to be pretty sweet.
And 700 Missions, I think, is what they teased before, are going to be available online.
Compare that to 69 that are in the single-player game.
That's pretty significant.
Hmm.
and people have actually dug through the files and a couple things that they've been of course they have of course they have drug dealing you'll be able to do in the game as well as betting on horses at the track so it's Derby Owners Club
Hooray!
Do you get to whip the horses, though, like you do in Derby Hunters Club?
I don't know about that.
That's a game I haven't played in forever.
I miss that game.
But seriously, mention again, you know, we do have the VOG Network crew that you can join.
You can go check out the forums.
You have the link to that.
Otherwise, I believe it's socialclub.rockstargames.com slash crew slash VOG Network.
VOG Network
Shadow Warrior and Saints Row 4
If you own Saints Row 4 on Steam and you own Shadow Warrior on Steam, you'll unlock the Penetrator weapon in Shadow Warrior.
That's right, the purple dildo bat will be yours to slaughter the enemies.
I love that it has balls.
In the ancient Japan setting, that is Shadow Warrior.
You play a character named Wang, so I mean, it's fitting.
I know, it's just silly, but you know, anything involving Saints Row usually is.
I'm just completely...
Amused that it has balls.
Do you want me to bring up the balls again so you can giggle some more?
Tee hee.
I'll have you know though, it only had balls over here in this region and in Europe.
It did not have balls in Japan where I believe it was censored and it didn't have the wiggle physics in Japan either.
That's right.
So silly what they have to change from region to region.
All right, look, safe for, I believe, almost everyone.
Try a game like Rocksmith 2014, which, of course, is the newest Rocksmith game.
Kind of more of kind of like a cult-level music game because it's not pushing plastic buttons to instruments.
Well, I guess it is in a way, but you're actually learning to play the actual guitars.
That's kind of what sets... He uses a real guitar.
Yeah, he uses a real guitar.
So it's kind of what sets Rocksmith apart.
So it definitely has its following because of that.
If you weren't already aware, there is a new version coming this year.
It's Rocksmith 2014.
and some mini-games will be involved in this.
There's a Guitarcade, which was also in the first Rocksmith game, but you play games that are retro-inspired.
For example, there's a game like Duck's Redo, which is basically Galaga, but it can't actually be Galaga because Ubisoft didn't make Galaga, so there's all those issues there.
Some of the other Guitarcade games that are available for playing, Scale Racers and Gone Whalen.
and Scale Racers.
You will master scales while avoiding traffic in a police car chase.
And Gone Wailing will make you play louder or quieter to elevate characters and collect coins.
And lastly, there's Return to Castle Core Dead, which is a first-person shooter where you strum chords to kill enemies.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Just Dance 2014 Just Dance 2014 Just Dance 2014
Pound the Alarm by Nicki Minaj, Gentlemen by Psy.
That's a good song.
Let's see, even Ricky Martin's back with Maria.
Where Have You Been by Rihanna.
Oh God, that horrible, horrible blurred line song by Robin Thicke is in this.
That song needs to be removed from everything, ever.
He needs to be removed from everything, ever.
It's just a bad song.
But in better news, Flashdance What a Feelin' by the Girly Team.
Sadly, it's a cover, but it's something.
YMCA is there.
And attention Beliebers, the Will.i.am song That Power, which features Justin Bieber, is in there too.
Gamebuoy.org will be happy to know Kesha is in the game with Come On.
I do love Kesha.
I do like her too.
Kesha is so fun in such a guilty pleasure way.
For those of you that like more basic singers, Katy Perry's in the game with I Kissed a Girl And if you like your musicals, Prince Ali from Disney's Aladdin is in the game What the fuck?
That's random How random is that?
Is that like a holdover from Just Dance Disney?
I have no idea And one of the songs of the summer, Get Lucky by Daft Punk
Oh yeah, everybody likes that song.
I like this song, David Guetta with Sia She-Wolf, Falling to Pieces.
But you know what?
All of these songs, all of them, shit.
They are trumped.
They are just nothing with the inclusion of this song.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, A Man After Midnight by ABBA.
That's all you need.
Fuck the rest of it.
You and your ABBA.
Fuck the rest of it.
End quote.
I still want to boycott any game that has that asshole in it.
Nope.
Unfortunately, DarkSakura, ABBA trumps that song.
I have to.
Sorry.
If you think about it, DarkSakura... I don't think ABBA could even...
Now Rob, did you ever pick up Abba You Could Dance for the Wii?
I did.
You should have seen Rob do freaking ballerina spins.
I wish I had been recording it because Rob's like, I've got the Abba game, you need to come over.
I'm like, okay.
and I'm sitting back in this chair that no one can see me point to except for us in this room thankfully this was before game streaming was a thing like that was a couple years ago and you know game streaming and Rob's like look what I got and I did the winner takes it all for Jamie well and then I don't want to talk oh and remember you bringing SingStar Abba over to my house when Tiara was over I still have SingStar Abba right there right next to SingStar Queen that is like the best shelf in my entire house
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I don't have a Wii Remote Plus.
I never... And the game does require it.
I'm going to get shit for this, but I never played Skyward Sword, so I didn't have one.
Neither have I. And the game does require it, so yeah, that's why.
Exactly.
So you can get that for $70, the bundle that has all of that, or you can buy the game separately for $40 if you have, you know... Wow, they significantly reduced the price of the controller.
Oh, wait, no, they didn't.
It's actually a full price controller, so fuck them.
You know, just buy a used one, seriously.
Oh, you.
All right.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Not ABBA.
Well, for the Super Smash Bros.
roster, we have a new addition.
We have Wind Waker Link and all of his adorable cuteness.
And I believe he's going to be on both versions, also with his adult incarnation as well.
So fun.
Mighty No.
9 is also coming out for the Vita and the 3DS.
It basically reached the goals for those, so you know what?
If I get it, I'll get it on 3DS.
I don't think it's reached those goals yet.
Well, no, when it reached 3.5 million, but it's pretty close, I think.
I don't know.
They've only got two days left.
They might not hit it.
I still haven't put in money yet, though.
I'm still pretty sure it'll be on there.
And in other news, Mega Man X is getting a compilation soundtrack.
Uh, it's coming, um, there's a listing for, uh, the, uh, let's see, Rockman X Soundbox on, uh, Rakuten.
So, it looks like it's gonna be out for, wow, it's expensive, 12,600 yen, so basically 127 bucks.
A lot of money.
Someone get that for me and rip it.
No.
Yes!
Actually, I have a game on my list, Rob, that I need to have.
Oh.
Shut up, phone.
Rob is playing with his phone during the show, everybody.
There's like a lot of people out there that still don't realize I do a show on Sunday nights.
You've been doing it for 11 years.
My mom knows I do a show on Sunday.
Anyway, moving on.
Let's go to the Fugle Question of the Week.
Every week we go to our Facebook community and our Google Plus community.
And if you slam those words together, you get Fugle.
And it's the Fugle Question of the Week.
Except I don't have my music.
Where's my music?
DarkSakura, you took my music.
That's not good.
How did I lose that?
I did not.
Rob.
Rob.
I'm so prepared.
See, getting these messages on the phone and everything just threw me off.
I didn't do shit.
You don't know shit.
You know what?
We need to sit down and watch Showgirls with a bunch of crap food.
We do.
Good times.
Anyhow, here we go.
Did you find it yet?
Yes, I found my bumper.
Here we go.
It's right here.
Here it is, the Foogle Question of the Week.
We went with the obvious this week, with a lot of folks talking about the Steam Machine and all the related stuff.
What do you think about Valve's announcements this week?
SteamOS, Steam Machine, and the Steam Controller.
Let's start with Andy R., who says the controller looks like it'd be stupid.
but I do want to try it and I'm pretty happy with my current PC.
I'm not sure if any of the machines will appeal to me.
I'll wait until we have more concrete details, machine specs, prices and so on until I pass further judgment.
Signed up for the beta thingy though so I have at least a passing interest.
Tigerclaw says I think SteamOS is perfect for those that like to build a home theater and PC in a small form factor with a good graphics card and play their Steam games on the HDTV.
That presents a lot of opportunities.
And there are those that want to play those Steam games but
Don't want to cough up so much money to build a gaming rig.
The Steam machine will be perfect for first-time PC gamers.
It'll be interesting to see what they can do with the Steam controller.
The fact that it has no thumbsticks but uses touchpad technology, I'm curious to how responsive the controls are given the tech is the kind you'd find in laptops, which is often not very responsive to touch.
Katsuhiko J says, that controller is something different for a change.
I need to try it before I pass judgment.
Who knows?
It could be the next best thing.
Valve made a bold move this past week.
I'm interested in their OS.
Chris C says, I think spec-wise, the hardware in the Steam console would have to be on par with
RedTheHaze left us with this too-long-didn't-read version, but you can read his full answer on Facebook.
It says, Hmm, I like that perspective.
Uh, Xiao says, uh, the Steam OS has my interest.
I'm not much of a controller.
I'm not much of a controller.
I think I'm a controller person, but I'd like to give it a shot.
The one thing I didn't see that I wanted was prices.
The Steam machines may have multiple price models.
The OS is free, but surely they have an ideal on the controllers.
I can't shut up and give you my money, Gabe, if you don't tell me how much you desire.
It's like the third person I've seen say, we need a price.
UnfoldedRaptor said I heard nothing about Daft Punk being involved with the Steam Machine nor was I told about the song being integrated into the OS so no sell for me yet Ragenator says it's kind of difficult for me to comment so early in the game given that I don't know too much on the stuff I did see a picture of the controller my initial reaction was that it looked like an unwieldy turd but hey if I can get my hands on one with the Steam Box and give it a try I may end up liking it
Andrew G says... That's actually 23rd Magus.
Remember him?
Where's he been lately?
Working.
Well, he needs to work his way on over here to a Sunday night show.
But anyway, The Gabe Cube... I like that name for it.
The Gabe Cube looks promising for those who would rather not self-build.
But that's a niche already filled by traditional consoles.
Time will tell.
Some of the answer here from PekerJr92 says...
Thank you for watching!
Codeman says honestly it's nothing that a well put together PC can't do and yes it would probably be cheaper than a beefy gaming PC but I'm not sold yet I just feel like Valve is just a bit too late to the tea party and Eddie K says if Half-Life 3 isn't a launch title for this new console I'm not buying one
and let's see, going to Google Plus.
We have actually a few answers on Google Plus this week.
We usually don't have this many.
Let me start with Travis H. who says, Speechless with excitement.
Flaco Jones says, I think SteamOS is cool, but as for the Steam machine itself, there was nothing to convince me I should buy that instead of just running SteamOS on my PC as a partition or however it would work.
The controller looks like it would not work for me.
Just seems like I would have to tweak it for every individual game I play.
Actdeft says, anyone who didn't see this coming after the living room announcement page and the family sharing option, well, need to use logic more.
All right, hold on, Actdeft.
That is so easy to say in retrospect, but why didn't you call the 123 last week then, huh?
I could see at least the Steam Box and maybe the Steam OS.
Yeah, I kind of thought that the Steam Box announcement would have been kind of combined with... Actually, like they said before, it pretty much could have been all one announcement.
You didn't really need to separate... Yeah, like the guy on Facebook said, yeah.
It could have just been all one.
But anyway...
My opinion about the whole thing is that Valve and Steam are aiming high with this.
They're making the Steam machine pretty much an entertainment console, like the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4.
And since they're developing their own OS for it, and yeah, I know it's Linux-based, but still, it'll be able to do lots of stuff and cost-effective too.
Not to mention being able to stream all your library in case your game doesn't support Linux.
Uh, going over to Evil, E3VL, says, from what I see, the SteamOS is basically countering Windows, as in the future, Windows will most likely become a closed system like Apple's App Store.
SteamOS is essentially an open system like Google Android.
Very interesting comparison.
Let's face it, with tablets and smartphones going where they are now, no one needs PC laptops in the future aside for gaming.
SteamOS is basically the Trojan horse of gaming PCs in the future.
The problem with the SteamOS I think is availability.
Current PC gamers may adopt it, but Steam is lending out the OS for third-party vendors to create Steam Machines.
It might be a problem, and quite possibly a huge gamble depending on how their hardware is marketed and priced relative to consoles.
The other thing I worry about loaning out the SteamOS to third-party developers, you get those companies like Alienware and stuff that add all of their apps and stuff in there.
You get the
Junk programs with a brand new PC they buy.
I don't even know if they still have the AOL trials and stuff like that.
You used to have all that, but with Dell, you get that a lot.
Even with my Asus computers, there's a lot of Asus programs in there.
I'm just worried to get all that bogged down in the SteamOS, and it's going to just be like a Windows PC again.
And lastly, Redertainment says, The Steam OS seems to be tailored for people who have or want to have a PC that is only used for gaming.
Problem is, most people don't use their PC like that.
Most people have PCs they use for work, music, movies, games, and general dicking around on the internet.
Also, porn.
If people want a device that is only for video games, they buy a console.
I didn't really look at this.
No, not really.
Alienware has made a whole market around gaming PCs.
But hold on.
This guy leaves a lot of tongue-in-cheek answers, though.
Hold on.
Porn.
Think of the advanced haptic feedback that they have with that.
Advanced haptic feedback.
And lastly, Redertainment says the rest of his answer here.
I didn't really look at the Steam machine or the Steam controller as I do not plan to make any major purchases until I accomplish Project Buy a House.
and in fact it has a little touch screen on there you could probably stream porn to that while you play like Team Fortress 2 or something you can watch porn and play Team Fortress 2 first thing I do when I'm getting my Oculus Rift someday porn
All right, moving on.
Let's get back into some longer news here, and we'll get to the Skype line here hopefully before too long.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
But first, Loki.
All right, so there was an announcement this week that first leaked out, and then they kind of made their own announcement.
Something coming to Xbox One is Xbox Fitness and it's going to be an app that uses Kinect and what's kind of cool about it though is it has a bunch of different fitness programs in there including Insanity and I want to say P90X is one of the other ones that's in there.
All sorts of different trainers.
It is kind of interesting, though, because I guess the app will be free for Gold members through December 2014, although it says there's some additional content that you can purchase for it.
I guess in 2015, Unlimited Access will also require a separate Xbox Fitness subscription fee, as well as Xbox Gold.
Health Junkie
Yes, it's probably a little better than was it that Xbox, the Nike one that they had last year that was kind of lame.
This looks a little bit along the lines of kind of what they were trying to do with that.
Because they were showing you it measures your heart rate and all those features that they were touting before.
But it might be cool.
Some of the trainers to be noted, Jillian Michaels, Tracy Anderson, Tony Horton, and Sean T. So...
Kind of cool, I guess.
Not really my thing because, you know, I eat hamburgers.
Yes.
No, no, no, not today.
You had chicken nuggets.
That's true.
Here's the thing, though, about Xbox Fitness.
Don't we already have a million fucking fitness games on the Xbox?
I mean, I know this is for the new one, but doesn't the Kinect need to get out of this rut of dance and fitness games?
Like, show me something new.
Technically, yeah.
I mean, there's about one or two every year.
I mean, there's Zumba.
There's a new Zumba game this year.
But there's only really about one, maybe two fitness games a year for the Xbox 360 and Kinect.
Actually, I think it's been about one a year.
So it's not a ton.
But yeah, I mean...
Those are really the only games that kind of effectively use the Kinect.
Everything else that's tried to use the Kinect has been kind of crap.
So I don't know.
But yeah, they're saying different workouts, I guess from 10 minutes to an hour.
They're going to have little routines that you can do and stuff.
I'm assuming this is tracked across all the different ones you have.
Metamorphosis, they've got that in there as well.
Ripped in 30 from Jillian Michaels.
So, I don't know if you've got a fitness program that you're really into.
But see, once again, though, like Insanity, unless you're like one of those people that just borrowed that set or something, like if you already have it, you've probably already paid like a couple hundred bucks for it.
You're probably not going to need this.
I don't know.
S2C100 Matt in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com has a good point.
The fitness things sell really well.
They won't stray too far from your cash cow.
And if you think about it though, I mean, if you are getting an Xbox One anyways, this is pretty much free since you're probably paying for gold to play it, you know, online multiplayer, so...
Why not?
Check it out.
It might be cool.
Moving on to other features on the Xbox One.
The Game DVR will work on Xbox Live at launch, but YouTube and Facebook sharing won't be enabled until 2014.
So here's what Game DVR does.
Game DVR will save the previous five minutes of gameplay if you use a voice command.
Xbox record.
And then you can edit the piece in the upload studio and then share it, which would be the YouTube Facebook thing later.
These clips are saved in 720p at 30 frames a second.
Game DVR will only work if you have Xbox Live Gold.
So there you have it.
That's how it's going to work.
That sounds dumb.
I mean, like, because it's saying that you have to do Xbox record and then it records something, whereas I like the PlayStation 4 one where... Well, no, because it says previous five minutes of gameplay if you say Xbox record.
So my thought is if something funny happens and you say that, you can go back and edit it in the studio.
That's my thought.
So, like, if something really funny happens, you have a chance to react and say Xbox record, and that way it'll save it.
So...
DarkSakura
Sorry, I'm critiquing that image.
Okay, first of all, they have it like it's levitating, but it's at the wrong angle for the level of shadow that they have.
What are you talking about?
The Xbox One picture that was on the article you were just reading.
Whoever does their press materials needs to like...
Go back and relearn Photoshop or something.
And you know what?
Levitating consoles are so like PlayStation 3.
I mean, it was the evil baby that made the console levitate.
Or the levitating console that made the evil baby.
I don't know.
So EA Sports has put out a statement saying that they are no longer making college games.
Basically, their general manager, Cam Weber, and... I'm sorry, of American...
Who basically the one in charge of all the American football games Basically is saying that the college sports games are going away That's meaning the NCAA games They're also, which they themselves put out an announcement That they're letting their license expire in 2014
and EA is not pursuing it so they are not going to be doing any more college football as in American football and not the real football that you actually play with your feet and they are not doing any other college games that basically they're letting it go bye and the rest of us are like whoopty shit
You know, I'm surprised though, because that does kind of suck, because it was a pretty big revenue stream for them, even though there was a lot of... You have to remember, for me, I'm always like, okay, but college football is a way bigger deal in other places than it is here.
Exactly, and in July, it really is pretty much the biggest game, only big game coming out.
Now it's going to be this big debt area, which hopefully will be filled by something else, but you know...
I'm from Alabama.
And the biggest thing in the universe there is the rivalry between the University of Alabama and Auburn University.
And I know people who will probably be, well, I want my game this year!
You know, and, um... There's all there is to do in Alabama is college football and eat crawdads.
Just saying.
So maybe they couldn't, I don't know... Go to church.
It's kind of disappointing, but at first I thought they were just going to put out a college football game and be like EA Sports College Football, drop the NCAA thing and just do whatever.
You would think that they would do something like that where they just make a game anyway, but...
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll settle for $40 million.
That's probably why they're not doing a college game because they got into trouble and there was a whole lawsuit against them for using the likenesses of these different players without actually giving them any sort of compensation for it.
So now, of course, $40 million, how exactly it's going to be split up, who knows, but probably a big reason why they're not doing a college game.
Yeah.
I mean, it sucks for the fans, you know, even though I say like, well, that isn't really a big deal around these parts.
I understand there are some and I don't even really play these football games to begin with if it's not like tech mobile.
But I understand where people would be upset about this.
And it sucks for, you know, that group that looks forward to these games every year.
I wasn't happy when DDR died.
well all they would have to do is just give up some of their profits I would think couldn't they have just licensed the actual player likenesses and you know pay the extra money or you know that would be too uh honest and so they can't do that how much would they have to have paid for all of those individual players versus what they paid out in uh fees for the settlement
SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says they could do something like what 2K did to get football back.
I'm sure they'll have something.
After all, remember, they tried to do NFL Blitz so they could have another type of football game.
Hell, they even experimented a little with rugby a while back, but arena football even.
So I don't know.
They could do some more stuff.
How about a puppy bowl game?
Huh?
There was already Jerry Rice and Nidus dog football.
Oh, that's right.
On the Wii.
I forgot about that.
Well, because it was on the Wii.
It just kind of fell in the fries clearance bin with all the other late Wii games.
I can see Puppy Bowl.
Nintendo, get on that.
Now that they have this team freed up, they can make a Wii U game.
Yeah, alright.
Moving on.
Here's a game that I'm actually legit really excited to play this game.
South Park, The Stick of Truth.
Oh, it looks awesome.
December 10th
DarkSakura, do you have any interest in this?
When Evil Rises
There is only one of them.
New kid?
New kid.
The new kid has a power we have yet to understand.
Who can save us?
Step forward now and fulfill your d-d-d- And fulfill your d-d-d-d- The audio on this is low, sorry guys.
You have some incredible ability to make friends quickly, new kid.
I want you to go out into the neighborhood and find my greatest warriors.
Oh yay, Mr. Slave's in it.
Mr. Slave has a finishing move where he jumps on one of the enemies and it sucks them into his ass.
It's a trap!
You're playing for the wrong side, dude.
Defenders of freedom!
Tonight, we're united!
Yeah, it's a pain, but this is the kind of stuff you put up with living in a remote little mountain town.
At least we don't have to deal with traffic.
Here's why I'm looking forward to the Stick of Truth.
Because there really should have been another South Park movie.
I don't think I have ever laughed harder in the theater in my life.
Wasn't there the Imaginary Funland or whatever?
That was like a three episode arc of the show.
Oh, whatever.
And it wasn't nearly as good as the movie.
So I kind of feel like this is the next closest thing we're getting to a new movie.
And that was all in-game.
Yeah.
You know, and it looks just like the actual, um, the actual show, so.
That'd be pretty sweet.
Yeah.
So.
Alright, well, uh, we would be usually moving on to the mailbag at this point, except, uh,
We got Jack and shit.
That's right.
And Jack left town.
So let us use this music as a little opportunity to remind y'all that it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
As long as you use it.
Yes.
But if we can't hear you, then you don't get one.
I promise I will at least pick one that I don't critique the grammar on.
Okay?
One.
Mailbag.
All one word.
That's M-A-I-L-B-A-G
at OrangeDonesRadio.com.
All one word.
Word.
Well, the dot separates the Orange Dones Radio and the com.
Shut up.
All right.
Bitch, you didn't even.
Love you mean it.
Hearts.
All right.
So that's it then.
No emails this week for us to read.
So, well, I guess this next segment will just have to be doubled to make up for the time.
FUs of the week time.
Okay, I have a couple.
FU to the asshole wasp, which all wasps are assholes, but this one was extra asshole by inviting himself into my car and poking his butt in my finger.
That was really rude, and I'm really allergic, and thankfully I was at my friend's house and had access to Bimmy Girl.
So, fuck you, wasp.
Fuck all wasps.
The only good thing they do is eat plant-destroying caterpillars.
That's it.
And there's other bugs that will do that too, and birds.
So fuck them.
They're also an F you to having certain illusions of mind shattered because I like to think better of my relatives.
And then every so often they'll just say something that's completely dickish and rude and...
and I'll see you next time.
and also F you to the bitch that wouldn't let me over even though I signaled for like ages and then every time I'd speed up, she'd speed up.
The three people weaving in and out of traffic and the cop that didn't pull any of them over.
Fuck all of them.
Fuck them all.
And even though it's not a fuck you, because I'm PMS-y today, so I'm just completely taking over this whole segment.
I would like to say I was quite disappointed that the man selling the duck eggs was not at...
What are you doing?
Just keep going.
Okay, well there's a guy who sells duck eggs at this farmer's market and I wanted to buy duck eggs and he wasn't there and I was disappointed.
But Rachel bought a rabbit.
A dead rabbit.
A wascally wabbit?
A frozen dead rabbit.
Poor rabbit.
Mmm, rabbit's delicious.
So it was rabbit season and not duck season?
Yes.
It was rabbit season.
Okay, sorry.
This is what I was trying to cue up.
Since you're having an extra angsty week, DarkSakura.
It's the PMS march.
Well, I am legit PMSing, so F you to cramps.
TMI.
You know what?
I don't care.
Okay, guys in the universe, women get cramps, we get bitchy,
My brain has a cramp now.
My job has been done.
All right, Loki.
F you to YouTube's content ID service, which is so fantastic that they... Hey, did you know that you're using licensed music in your stuff?
Accept this copyright claim or deny it or contest it.
I will choose option three.
Do nothing is what I will do.
But it's great though because on one of the videos I did get that on, or that flag on, was one of the ones I used an audio swap thanks to YouTube.
You know, YouTube allows you to audio swap it with some licensed music that they approve.
Yeah, I know it's licensed music because you told me to use that music instead of the licensed music that I had in that before.
Our pal Travis from Under Station Live unfortunately deals with this a lot.
If he even uses a little bit of a song in his hour and a half long Under Station Live that goes up on YouTube, they flag it.
That's why he had to change the intro of the show.
And I'm like, come on.
It's ridiculous.
It's ridiculous.
And they scan that.
So what do they do?
They scan all these videos and they just send it to these music people so that they can just complain about it.
What they should do is just have a service that if these lawyers or whoever find these videos and infringe upon it, then yes, they can do a copyright thing.
The thing is, I don't believe the copyright content ID thing is actually a copyright claim by them.
But it does sometimes block it from mobile apps and stuff.
Like I tried watching my video on a mobile app and you can't see it.
There's a lawyer that's suing YouTube over that because YouTube pulled one of his videos where he was using a copyrighted thing but it was under fair use.
And he's like, I'm a copyright lawyer.
This was fair for me to do.
So he's suing YouTube.
Well, good.
Hopefully...
Get it!
That's it.
That's all I've got.
So, I don't know.
Also, a premature F you for trying to figure out how to make this case for my controller thing because it's going to be fucking hard.
And I'm thinking I may need to do vacuum forming plastic, which is going to be dangerous because I have to build a rig to cook it.
Basically, I have to build an oven and then some sort of thing that I have to vacuum form stuff.
Alright, that's all I got.
My FU of the week just goes to the fact that there's a show in two weeks and even though it'll be great, I'm just like, stress!
But, you know, that'll pass like things usually do.
Alright, let's go back to a few more news stories for you guys before we open up the Skype line.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Um, but they're saying that, hey, you know what?
We can actually use this to stream these games to other consoles or other devices like PCs, TVs, Blu-ray players, smartphones, tablets.
So, um, you know, their ultimate goal is to be able to stream those stuff, you know, those things to other devices.
It'd be kind of funny if you could play a PlayStation 4 game with an Xbox One, you know, if they had some sort of website or something you can go to the stream this stuff.
that would just be ridiculous although you could hook up your Playstation 4 through the Xbox One's HDMI in and create some sort of black hole of death with that I don't know it'll be neat but once again we'll have to see how the SkyKai service works once it does launch next year for at least North America we can cross our fingers and hope it's worthy indeed indeed
All right, one more story for you guys and we'll open up the Skype line.
And this is about, actually, I think Loki kind of checked this earlier in the show, but that's all right.
I'll recap it for y'all anyway.
This is, of course, out of Orlando, Florida.
Only in Florida, people.
Only in Florida.
A nine-year-old boy made a court appearance on school weapon charges and was sentenced to home confinement.
Officials said that the boy brought multiple weapons to the school at Hunter's Creek Wednesday.
And of course, this is going to tie into video games eventually, folks.
Bear with me here.
Officers searched the bag and found a handgun, six bullets, a steak knife, and a sledgehammer.
The guns all came from the father's home and the boy is ordered to home confinement and said the parents need to keep any and all weapons away from him.
The boy's father said he was playing a character he learned from a video game.
of course he was
Not Grand Theft Auto, people!
Minecraft.
Which most people consider a pretty safe kind of game, right?
And there really is no story to Minecraft aside from there's a guy named Steve and there's zombies.
I mean, so... Yeah, I don't know.
Um...
It's dumb.
And there's no guns even in that.
And I like how the boy's father is pretending to be in the game.
Not, oh, why do I have all these guns available so my nine-year-old can pick up a gun and bring it to school.
Yeah, PacDeft in the chatroom says, Irresponsible parents.
What?
We're not to blame.
It's the video game that teaches them all the bad stuff.
Yeah.
no it's and even so even if you know they've allowed their child exposure to the game they've also allowed their child exposure to the weapons I want to know why CPS isn't involved okay let's see SSJ100 Matt says please please someone hijack a horse and blame it on Barbie's horse adventure I'll do it or imagine horses
Amazing.
I'll blame it on Derby Owners Club.
Okay.
And I'll name it Politary and beat her.
No, I wouldn't do that to a real horse.
It's so stupid, though.
It's like, why we even allow these excuses to, you know, that's about as valid an excuse as, like, the voices in my head told me to do it.
I mean, come on.
If someone said that, you're going to be like, okay, that's ridiculous.
But if, like, you know, oh, the video game told them to do it.
Oh, well, that makes sense.
Seriously, what is wrong with people?
He was a witch!
Okay, must be.
Alright.
That is it for our stories tonight.
Let's go to the Skype line and open it up.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio if you'd like to give us a call.
And you can bring up anything we've talked about tonight or maybe there's something we missed that you would like to bring up.
Ikuma-san said blame it on the rain.
That is, I think, the most recent Milli Vanilli reference I have seen in the last... I know the first reference to them I've seen in maybe the last five years.
Ever since that guy passed away, probably.
So, there you go.
And not even from this country.
We do have a couple tweets.
Not a whole lot of them, but we do have a few from... I thought we had had some earlier in the week.
I can't remember.
Sorry if I missed yours because it was too early in the week, but we do have a couple from Tigerclaw tonight.
One of them is that China will be ending a decade-long ban on game consoles.
I had no idea that they had this ban in place because I thought there were knockoff consoles and stuff that they sold in Japan.
Wasn't the V something they sold in China?
Yeah, but it was some sort of weird TV console thing.
I don't know what the restrictions were exactly.
Well, that and Hong Kong was not under Chinese authority for the longest time.
And why was the ban in place in China?
Communism!
Well, there was concern for the effects that games might have on young people.
But the group was persuaded because...
Gaming on computers and internet cafes is taken off across China or whatever.
There will soon be consoles sold as part of new rules in a free trade zone in Shanghai.
Don't know when the consoles will go on sale, but there you go.
I don't know if that means Xbox and PlayStation 3 necessarily, but probably some local gaming devices there.
They're talking about something based on the Xbox.
but not called the best pad.
That again from a tweet that Tiger Claw sent us and one other tweet here while we wait for some phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
One other article here from Tiger Claw says Nintendo teaming up with Tesco for a Wii U fight back.
ah so let's see Nintendo said in an interview with MCV that too many people are unaware that the Wii U is a new console and they're going to do a giant campaign to educate people including Wii owners about this console they've booked in-store space at Tesco which is in the UK sending out a
5 page leaflet to 300,000 Tesco customers that have bought a Wii but haven't bought another console and give vouchers away that will allow money off of games.
There will also be TV ads for Mario, Donkey Kong and Zelda which will run continuously from half term until Christmas.
I think they know.
I just think they don't care.
Yeah, I don't think they really see that must-have game, but then there's Mario.
I'm still irritated at Tesco's for selling fresh and easy.
Yeah, isn't that crazy?
I'm still getting the stupid emails from them even though I unsubscribed.
So mad.
Aren't they all closed now though?
I think certain ones.
The one here is gone.
That's it for Twitter topics.
Again, I'll put one more call out there for calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
Loki, do we have any last minute stories?
There's just a quick mod that someone's working on right now for Team Fortress 2 that you can actually play Star Fox multiplayer.
That sounds kind of fun.
Yeah, it's called Star Fortress and it's in pre-alpha.
And if you want to check it out, it's... Let's see here.
I think Gray Man Gaming is the Steam community group that they have with man, of course, two Ns, like Team Fortress game.
That's it.
That's it, huh?
Slow news week.
No calls coming in either.
I don't know.
What do we do, guys?
Let's have a poker party.
I guess we win the show.
Yay!
You know what, Pinkberry?
I gotta go get Alan after work.
Someone call!
One more holler out there.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, if you're one of those people that doesn't listen to the show live, you listen to us on Stitcher or through iTunes Podcast or something else, don't forget, you still can't interact with the show.
We do want to hear from you.
So don't forget to send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com or Twitter.
Tweets help as well.
Looks like someone's going to be trying shortly.
I can't think of anything else video game related except blah.
Hey, look.
Oh, there it is.
It's lighting up.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It is Ranma.
The one that has come to save the day.
Apparently.
What's up with that?
Well, what's on your mind, Ranma?
Oh, you don't want to know.
But there is a question I've been meaning to call about.
Let me get your opinions on this.
Now, we see how Nintendo makes all these remakes and reboots and stuff like that, but this is something they haven't done.
Why is it they haven't taken Wario and Waluigi and put them in a game and call it Super Wario Bros. ?
I'm also surprised that hasn't happened, but wouldn't that just be like Wario's Woods or something?
Well, they had that Wario Land Shake It, which was a hand-drawn game.
It looked fantastic, and it was pretty fun, but no one bought it.
That was on the Wii.
Kind of along the lines of Rayman Legends, almost.
Who wants to play the bad guy?
Exactly, you know?
I like the sound of that.
Nintendo, call me.
We'll talk.
Your people can call me and pay me.
What other dream Nintendo games do you have, Ranma?
That was the only one because I don't know.
It just popped in my head like, you know, they have like Wario series of games.
I guess at the time I was thinking about one of my favorite Game Boy games, which was Super Mario Land 3.
And I'm like, you know, why haven't he done that?
You know what?
I think you just need your own Mario is Missing game, except in the sequel, Luigi's like, I know.
Exactly.
And also, I really think they should put the Wii U out without the gamepad, because honestly, maybe three out of the four games that are out on the Wii U doesn't even use the gamepad.
Some of them use it really well, though.
Zombie U is a great example of a game that's really enhanced with that gamepad, so...
I like the gamepad, but I just... Honest to God, for me, the gamepad and all that thing, that's less of a concern than I still feel there's a lot of clunky shit on Nintendo's online.
And although I like Miiverse, I don't think it's particularly convenient.
It's kind of slow, and the internet on Nintendo's system can still be clunky.
I just still feel like where Nintendo is going online isn't really where they need to be.
I still remain really irritated that Virtual Console isn't what we ought to see on a modern gaming console.
You know what I mean?
Exactly.
But those are just...
What do I know?
I still have a Wii U, and there are the games I do have on it I enjoy, and I know I will like the new Mario game, and I know I'll love the new Mario Kart, and whatever they continue to do in 2014 that will justify owning the system, but it is a little frustrating to see all the third parties abandoning ship.
I think a lot of them are being dicks.
you're right, because even though the Wii U isn't as powerful you can get somebody else to take a top tier title and shove it into that little hardware and somehow make it work they make shitty little computers for kids that will play games and I see ports of games from big companies that end up on these things LeapFrog is just a little device that's powered by Flash that's a Shockwave Flash console yep
Alrighty, well, Ranma, if that's it, I'm going to let you go and see if anybody else wants to call.
Awesome.
Alright, have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Alright, bye-bye now.
Alright.
We'll leave it open for a little bit longer just in case anyone else wants to call in.
1-877-GAME-OLR or use your name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Probably.
Probably.
Probably.
I would think the wa part in Wario and Waluigi definitely would have to do with things being bad.
There's a lot of little puns that don't always necessarily transfer over.
But anyway, let's go to the phones because we got another call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Obi-Wan Jabroni calling from the United Kingdom.
Oh my gosh.
Hello.
You are up late, sir.
I love your icon.
Thank you very much.
Also, I want to say numero uno on the leaderboard.
Look at you, yeah.
It's you and Tigerclaw fighting to the death on the VOG Network leaderboards.
Well, you know what, Sky?
I heard Tigerclaw likes being on top, and that's okay.
I think that was a little bit of shade throwing here live at Orange Lounge Radio.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Yeah, my Max has told me it's five hours.
Awesome.
Well, you know, there's been a lot of free-to-play games out there lately.
There's been more free-to-play games than I've fucked, you know?
So, yeah, I think this is a great thing, because I'm 35 years old.
Old gamer.
Not that old.
You're not that old.
I'm older.
You're a young lady.
Oh, I love you.
I love you too.
So as we get older, I think, you know, as older gamers, I think we become more cheap.
You know what I mean?
and the 2DS that they announced.
That's cool to me because it's going to be cheap and it kind of looks kind of shitty.
The price, I think, is going to appeal to a lot of older people for cheap people like myself.
I've got a 3DS at the minute.
um the original one so i mean that's you know but i mean i've got a lot of friends actually who would be into that the 2ds just because you know they don't want to spend the money on my regular 3ds so um but i went off on a tangent yeah but yeah the free to play is what i was gonna mention
Sorry, this is my first time calling you guys, and as they say, your first time is... That's alright, we'll go easy on you on your first time.
The first time's a little rough.
It wouldn't be OLR if there wasn't a gigantic tangent train, and we're just all sitting here listening to your accent, so by all means, talk away.
And for the record, I have several friends who've expressed interest in a 2DS for the same reason.
Especially one of them that has problems with 3D.
So, just saying.
Yeah, exactly.
And if anyone's out there fapping to my accent and whatever, feel free to let me know on Twitter or the comments on VOG.
So free to play games.
Do you play any of them?
Oh yeah, I've been pimping the shit out of Tekken Revolution.
That's right, that was your comment that got me to play that game.
Yeah, I've been pimping the crap out of it, and yeah, I love it, and I don't know if you've played the latest one, of course, like, is it Dead or Alive 5, Ultimate, Call of Fighters or some shit?
I saw that, but I haven't played it, but I'm looking forward to the Soul Calibur one they're talking about.
Yeah, yeah, because I'm a huge fighting game fan.
But the Dead or Alive one's kind of cool.
It's free gigs, I will say that.
But it doesn't have the token system.
So you can play as much as you want.
It's one of those games where if you want the story part of it, you've got to pay for it.
So it's kind of like one of those games where you unlock.
Well, pay to unlock is what I meant, so...
Yeah, but it's cool.
I mean, you can play online, too, so that's kind of fun.
You don't have to pay to unlock booby mechanics, though, do you?
Because it is dead or alive.
I'm not sure.
You know, Tekken Revolution's kind of been, you know, taken over.
I think pay to unlock is better when you have the expectation that it's going to be pay to unlock.
Yeah.
instead of just, oh, well, we have this DLC.
No, you just gave us a code.
Yeah, at least it's not double-dipping.
Yeah, when you know that you've got to unlock it, pay a little bit more, then I think it lessens the blow.
Yeah, and I think the story portion of it, of that day of life, is kind of expensive, so you might as well just go out and buy the full game.
Yeah.
Also, I wanted to mention that Ridge Racer game, Ridge Racer Driftopia or whatever, that's kind of, it's okay, but like, I think I said in one of the comments before, I said, when you crash on the game, it's like, it's not game over, but you can keep carrying on playing.
um it's it's okay but you know with that game every time i put it up now it says server error um and i know you guys love this word it's a beta or a beta wherever you live we say we say beer obviously i've heard beta
Yeah.
So yeah, Ridge Racer's okay.
It's not traditional Ridge Racer in my opinion, so I kind of hate it.
It does have trophies.
I keep forgetting there really are a ton of free-to-play options on PlayStation right now.
You mentioned one last week, Rob, called Pinball Free-to-Play.
That was called Pinball Stick.
I was shouting at my... That's it.
I mentioned it again earlier tonight.
Pinballistic or something like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mentioned it again tonight.
It's free.
Hey, yeah, free is good.
I mean, you've got to pay for handjobs or whatever these days.
But, I mean, free.
Free is good.
Love it.
I wish Tekken and stuff on the Dead or Alive game was on Xbox, but probably not going to happen.
But PS3 is okay.
I like the controller.
I'm the minority who likes the PS3 controller anyway.
No, I love the PS3 controller.
But need I remind everyone that Yaris was also free?
Brad from PodCulture also yelling out DC Universe is the best free to play on PC.
He's our DC fanboy.
He is, but as far as MMOs go, it's way better than that Free Realms bullshit.
Marvel Heroes is pretty good for Steam.
Marvel Heroes ain't bad, but it's not on PlayStation 3.
But it's Marvel, and there's Jessica Jones in it, and I'm happy.
I did try DC Universe, took forever to download, and my PC was on wireless, so it took just like 3 days, it was a terrible experience, it took up so much space too
I mean, you know, the PS3 is a great system, but there's annoyances with it.
It's really ridiculous.
I can't just plug in a USB drive and copy some of my files over to that.
I mean, I can copy save games, but I'm not getting any space by copying save games to my drive, so I'm just really irritated.
I can't, like, you know, send over some of these really large games to play off the drive, but whatever.
Anyway, Obi-Wan, Jabroni, it's so good to hear from you.
And again, that icon you have that DarkSakura loves, I just want to make sure our listeners hear this.
It says, keep calm and defeat Psycho Mantis with a PlayStation 1 console.
Well, thank you for pleasuring us all with your voice.
Yes.
No problem, it's a PlayStation 1 console, it plugged into the port too, so if anyone gets that reference.
Also, can I say one quick thing before I go?
Metal Gear Solid Legacy Collection, bye bye bye.
Because I'm a huge MGS fan, everyone knows that, follow me on Twitter.
basically playstation exclusive but holy shit value for money it's awesome and just one more one more thing if that's okay before i go queen elizabeth you can suck my mother fucking nuts because that's why everything's so fucking expensive that's why i'm paying 429 for an xbox one
We need to all just move to our own island and call it Fuck Everyone Else.
We are the island nation of awesome.
Fuck the rest of you.
That's our theme.
This is probably the only internet video gaming show where people will call in to tell off the Queen of England.
I love it.
Alright.
Have a good one, my friend.
You too.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
That was a great call.
Thank you so much.
I love hearing from the overseas people.
It's great.
All right, guys.
You are up way early or late, depending.
Yeah, one of the two.
I have a feeling he's up early because he missed me talking about the pinball game in the beginning of the show.
He's eight hours ahead of us.
Yes.
So anyway, I'm going to close up Skype.
I'm sorry to those didn't get through.
I know Actdeft was trying to ring in, but I think he was just trying to be nice because we weren't getting any calls.
But I am going to shut it down so we can wrap up the show and get on out of here for the night.
But I do want to say before we go around and get everybody's final thoughts and so forth, I just want to say once again, thank you so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
Thank you for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, we've been doing this a very long time.
We don't ask for your money.
Once in a while, a charity thing, we might ask for your money.
But I'll take it for free.
but we do ask you to help spread the word.
Tell a friend or five about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Launch Radio and I do see some of you guys doing that.
I do see your kind tweets.
I hear some of our other indie podcast folks saying nice words and I just want to let you know we so appreciate you guys.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for your support which really keeps the fire for us to do this show for 11 plus years going.
You know what?
I'm going to make my dedication to Final Fantasy XIV tonight.
I'm uninstalling WoW.
Oh my gosh.
You know what reminded me that I still had WoW installed?
Curse.
You're starting to sound like Gimit, which we'll hear about on Wednesday's Horde House.
Plug, plug, plug.
It's already replaced WoW in my heart.
And besides that, I watched the fuckery that was the end of the Orgrimmar thing.
And fuck that.
I'm glad I quit.
All right.
That is out.
That is it.
We're done.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Grab the thought online this week.
Hope to see you there.
Sounds good.
My final thought is Final Fantasy 14 this week.
End of line.
Free company on the Midgarcimer server.
Hope to see you there, DarkSakura.
Fucking wasps.
Thank you guys once again for tuning into the show.
You guys are great and have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days and do it all over again.
Good... Seven days.
Good night.
Thank you for watching.
See you next week. .
