Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio, one of Mega Man's creators successfully kickstarts a spiritual successor, a classic fighting game becomes a MOBA, now he announces a new rhythm game with Capcom, and could Sony release a VR headset for the PS4?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, it is the show where every gamer has a voice, here we are, episode number 518 for this September the 8th 2013, I hope you guys all had a good week off, Labor Day week, we weren't here last week, but we're back to do it all again tonight, talk about video games and gaming culture and have some laughs
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts, first off the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers
I'm in your town raiding your fruits
Yes you are, you are definitely helping out with Animal Crossing, are you impressed though that I actually, I went in when I was flying to Atlanta and cleaned up the whole town, I found that Animal Crossing is a great flight game
It is, it's also a great, I have nothing to do so I'm going to play Animal Crossing for 3 hours type of game and the cat won't get off of me, I'm going to play Animal Crossing
Yeah usually while I'm here at home I'll end up getting sucked into an MMO or kind of sitting on the chair, I mean my 3DS is really the on the go system, that's when I play it the most, but yeah having the flight this week there and back to Dragon Con got a lot of Animal Crossing in among other things
Well you also were my 10th Wii person, or me, that popped up on my thing so you got me an achievement
Woohoo, or what do they call them on Nintendo, accomplishments, trophies?
They're called what the hell ever I call them
Whatever they want to be
They're called stuff and things
Alright and also joining us tonight being whoever he wants to be, say hello to Techmaster Loki
I don't know I got nothing
That's so after school inspirational of you
It is a little bit isn't it, how are you Loki?
I'm fine
Counting down the days until Grand Theft Auto?
Sort of, yeah I guess, just waiting for the leak
Which I'm sure it will soon enough
Well Rockstar's not shipping anything out, well they're not shipping anything out to distribution until Friday so probably next weekend I'm sure
Don't know if I'll be getting mine early because the powers that be above me are kind of being anal
I'm still going to do it but we'll see, I may be slapped on the wrist for that
Is it like the guy who put up the YouTube today of the Xbox One
Well see I'm not that dumb
Are they worried about early leaks and things like that?
They're just worried about like because they're requiring manifests of like the orders that go out and stuff just to make sure that no one's getting their product on Friday or whatever
No stores, I mean I'm not a store, I'm not going to resell but I understand
I thought I already saw on Reddit or one of those sites that somebody's got the game and the disc
You saw Photoshop and it was from
Well that was a good Photoshop
Gamertag Radio posted that on Twitter
But yeah it was a Photoshop of somebody they did that
Yeah there's no actual copies of the game out there yet
I mean yeah no there are, there are shippers that are out there, like full pallet shippers
But those are like intended for like think Target, Walmart and stuff
So those are out there and someone did break in the one of those to take a picture on, I saw that on Reddit
But aside from that I don't think any copies have mysteriously vanished from those yet
So the retail release though is the Tuesday after this Tuesday right? Next Tuesday? 17th?
17th yeah
This week is Kingdom Hearts HD, I just got my pre-order in for that today so
Kingdom Hearts and Puppeteer and NHL
So we're getting into that time of year, it's going to start ramping up with Kingdom Hearts and Grand Theft Auto
Those are definitely two big things to kick off this season right?
Yeah and Kingdom Hearts is just an HD compilation
Well but Kingdom Hearts is like, I don't know like I'm really liking this whole square going back to some of the PS2 games
And kind of making bigger and better and all that, I like that idea
I mean it's kind of cool and all but I think it's going to be more interesting to see in Kingdom Hearts 3 and Final Fantasy 15
So I want to talk, gosh there's a lot to catch up on since we were gone last week
I don't even know where to begin
I'm sick a little bit again which kind of sucks, I got Complague yet again from Dragon Con
I don't even know how that happens but there you go
We should probably talk about some of the things that happened last week in gaming news
Because it's only a three hour show so we don't have time to talk all about last week and this week
So we want to do a segment we call Last Week's News Set to Holic
Lots of Nintendo news in the week that we were gone
The Wii U Deluxe finally got that price drop a lot of people have been talking about
Down to $2.99 for the Wii U Deluxe which is what the Wii U Basic costs right now
Also out of Nintendo
Wii U Basic isn't being sold anymore by the way
Yeah so kind of interesting that they just basically are giving away Nintendo Land and some extra plastic for free
The Nintendo 2DS was announced which had a lot of people have some very strong opinions about the 2DS one way or another
Or the Nintendo Toast is kind of what it looks like but it is definitely targeted towards the younger set
Seriously missed opportunity with that I think
It does not fold and it only displays images in 2D apparently it uses one screen that's separated by the plastic in order to pull it off
But it is aimed at five and six year olds per Reggie
Zelda Link Between Worlds got a release date November 22nd is the big day
Wonderful 101 sales figures not as good as it had hoped but I think it might be a little early to tell with that
That's because it's on the Wii U
It also hasn't released over here yet
It comes out on the 15th one week from today
But that is the news out of Japan so there you go
Let's see I guess something else we could talk about there
How about WayForward's Kickstarter of Shantate Half Genie Hero for Wii U
That's the thing that's happening on Kickstarter from WayForward
That's last week's news set to Holic
Most of the big stuff obviously around Nintendo
Loki did you want to elaborate on the 2DS real quick?
Well the thing you know you mentioned that it's one screen with a piece of plastic in between
And I saw some people you know on Ars Technica and stuff they were showing like
Here's what we think that this should have looked like instead being like a whole tablet
Like basically just remove that plastic and leave just like kind of a barrier there
And have it where maybe you can have some new software that's supported by the 2DS
You know have 2DS software that supports the whole like almost like a whole tablet instead of two screens
Well I don't know I'm just trying not to overthink this because you'll notice it was very intentional
Nintendo did not roll this out at E3 they did not even do a direct for it
It's not a big deal
But here's the thing is the thought is that this is where it's going to go for the next handheld system
That it will be a tablet with one screen because this is what they did with the Game Boy Advance SP
Where you have that hinge in the foldable screen and then that later showed up in the Nintendo DS
That might be reading into it a lot I don't know about that
And this is also Nintendo like trying to I mean if you think about it
Nintendo the last time they did something really crazy with their hardware aside from the 3DS
Being in 3D was the Wii and since then they haven't really done too much
I think it's kind of once again the 2DS is confusing I think to consumers
It's just the name itself is going to confuse people because they're going to be like well
2DS so I don't see any 2DS games I can buy for this you know I only see 3DS games
I just don't think they're going to get it and also you're saying that there's a market out there
Of people that have 5 and 6 year olds that actually read the small little print that's on those boxes
Saying that they don't recommend 3D for
Because I don't think it necessarily is only 5 and 6 year olds I think it's other young children
Where the parents are like oh this is a little too close
You know like even though it's for 7 and up
But they'll read that small print but they won't read the ESRB ratings on the back of the boxes of these games
So I like that and the print that's larger fuck that can't read it
Oh small print that's you know something that doesn't really possibly affect my kids eyes
Well we'll read that and be scared of it
I just think the 2DS is kind of a non-factor as far as we're all concerned
You know it's like that Wii that they released in Canada that didn't even have any internet functionality or what have you
Like remember that? It was released with little fanfare
They did that with the PSP as well they had one with no Wi-Fi and stuff or something
Whatever
It's no big deal but I just think it's kind of weird you know why would you invest money into such a narrow demographic?
Well actually I'm glad you know if Nintendo is doing this new thing every year
I'm glad that this system is a step backwards in some ways and not a step forward
Because I'd be kind of irritated if I had a new 3DS I'd want to buy
You know so I'm kind of glad we have a year off from all this stuff and maybe there'll be a 3DS Uber or who knows what
2DS has Excel
I doubt it I doubt it
Alright well our chat room is lighting up and I do want to acknowledge our live chatters because we do tape live every Sunday night
6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network
vognetwork.com and if you, excuse me, I still have hiccups and other horrible radio things from being sick from the comm plague I got at Dragon Con
If you do join us live for a live show don't forget to join our chat room live.vognetwork.com
I hope I make it through the show
Where we have comments like Tiger Claw says that 2DS is going to screw up a lot of kids Christmas
I don't know if I see the logic in that why would that screw up a kids Christmas?
That's actually perfect because I was, Julian has started to read
He's six years old he's in first grade he's reading
He's been reading me play Animal Crossing which I've been trying not to get him to repeat Pork Sword
Thank you to Queen Semia in chat for that
Yeah his mom was slightly amused by that but anyway he actually is reading the game with me when I play it when I'm over there
And he was talking about wanting a 3DS so he could play Animal Crossing himself
And actually I think that the 2DS is actually a good idea for him because I've seen how he destroys his stuff
Yeah and there's no hinges to break on the 2DS but it's also too big to fit in the pockets but I think that actually might be a good thing
You don't want a six year old fitting that stuff in their pockets and taking it to school
You don't want those portable systems to be portable
I'm worried I'm going to get accused of being a Nintendo defendist or whatever but I just don't think this system is as big of a deal as Twitter made it seem to be this week
Well I'm glad that they decided that fuck it we can't create a hinge that actually won't break very easily so we're just going to make a system that's super weird looking
Let's see DC Nate in chat says iPads don't fit in pockets either and they sell just fine
So talking about that maybe that type of affordability isn't necessarily a deal breaker
I understand that but who's having their kids bring iPads to fucking school?
Well it's huge in college
Okay yeah that's college but five and six year olds where this is actually targeted are you really going to spend that kind of money on it?
Well Dan's 12 year old cousin not Dan's I think it was like one of Becky or Chris's relatives got a 12 year old iPhone 5
What 12 year old needs that?
But it's a 12 year old I'm talking about a little kid that has a goddamn iPad
I mean here's the thing is you're talking to kids again and once again the main thing was 3D they don't really like the 3D because parents are concerned that they don't understand how to use a switch which is ridiculous
Well and you can actually turn off 3D and parental settings on the 3DS today
Exactly parental settings well they'll read the small print there but they won't read the manual so whatever okay so they're confused by the switch and stuff and oh that hinge is gonna break
What do you think the 2DS is gonna what do you think is gonna happen the 2DS the kids gonna drop on the ground and oh look both of those fucking screens are scratched now
Congratulations
I just think this is if you don't like it don't buy it and this isn't gonna break Nintendo's bank if this thing flops because I really don't think they're making that many of them
Well I guess they don't care if another system flops now don't they?
Well it's again they did not have the fanfare with E3 or even a Nintendo Direct or anything this was on a press release under the radar I don't think they have an expectation
Here's what it is they're just trying to put out another system to drive some more sales because Pokemans is coming out right around the corner and they have to make up for the losses of the Wii U
Because the Wii U let's be honest Wind Waker HD I love Wind Waker it's not gonna fucking pull that system out
Mario Kart 8 is really I know there's the Mario game as well but I think the combo of that and Mario Kart 8 is gonna be that's gonna be and if another price drop can squeeze in when Mario Kart 8 comes out that will really seal the deal
And I'm talking even if they can drop it just like 20 bucks I think that would be huge we'll see I mean we got a ways so alright anyhow last weeks news done over with
Damn it Kabuki needs to move to my town
One of your villagers moved to my town
Yeah I went by and saw a butch that traitor I'm gonna steal Kabuki
I was really surprised because I was like oh he came from Normandy oh that's Jamie's town oh she's gonna be pissed because this isn't the one she was trying to lose
No I want to lose Ed and I'm glad I'm not the only one that has to share the pain that Ed is
There she is playing her Nintendo system compulsively during the show
Hey you're the one that said you'd open your village
Alright anyhow I want to talk quickly about Dragon Con because I had a great time at Dragon Con I want to say hi to anybody new listening to the show who I might have networked with at Dragon Con
I got pulled onto a panel Monday morning at the last minute about streaming media and I got to talk kind of about the live 365 days and everything from that to like the modern Twitch TV
And I had a lot of fun so I just want to say hey to anybody who I might have met doing that or the VOG Network Super Show panel which sadly didn't have the greatest turnout live
But what's interesting is that apparently it had a great turnout online and we're getting good download numbers for it so it's I guess just a lot of you couldn't make it to Dragon Con in person
But I hope you enjoyed that show we had a lot of fun doing it and it sounds like we're going to be doing it again next year so I'm making my plans to go to Dragon Con 2014
But I had a wonderful time at Dragon Con I'm going to be honest the first couple days I was a little bit overwhelmed lots of people tried to get used to it I was jet lagged so I was a little crabby
But by the time Saturday night Sunday Monday I was really into it and the amount of talent I saw with the cosplay just really blew my mind and there's something special about Dragon Con because it doesn't really take place in a convention center
Well I mean like the dealer hall is there but it's across like five downtown hotels so just these
Sounds very AX
Well I've never been AX
A lot of AX shows spread across a convention center and three hotels
At least it was last time I went
But like oh my gosh just like the main floor of the Marriott just wall to wall people and then you go downstairs there's like multi level and there's these different ballrooms where there's artist alley and a room where you can walk up and meet celebrities and a board game room in the basement
I think that was at the Hilton had a board game area in the basement that was huge and that's the one that had the mech systems that Bobby's talked about on his show before
And you could lose track of time in there easy no windows to the outside because it's in the basement
And I can see how people can get stuck in there playing the wolf game or werewolf or whatever you call it till eight in the morning
Which by the way was the first time I ever saw that being played live
I played it online on DDR Freak back in the day but getting to see that playing live was a lot of fun
So lots of panels I really like how Dragon Con separates things into tracks and it's like okay Hilton 203 is going to be nothing but podcasts unless we get a really really big thing that might be one of the other rooms
And they had an MMO track and a video game track the one thing I was a little less impressed with was the digital gaming room sorry I know some people work hard to put that on
But just it's not I mean to be fair Dragon Con is not a video game expo it's not PAX it's not a video game show so that wasn't supposed to be their main draw
But barely any console stuff to be seen it was very PC and you know there was a Smash Brothers tournament going on but that was about it
Like if it wasn't a tournament or some PC play that's really about it but lots of 3DS street passing to be had that's for sure
So yeah I don't know what else to say about Dragon Con I had a great time it was great to just meet people that I've worked with for many years
Finally getting to meet Brad from Pod Culture and some of his cohorts and they were very generous in getting me very drunk very quickly so thank you for that
And meeting some of Bobby's friends these are people like I've heard about but haven't really met and one of his friends Sue and I hit it off really well I just love her to bits
And she was giving out vodka soaked gummy bears all weekend so love her
I want to go next year Rob
You really should and some folks in the chat room are talking about there should be a vod con seriously and SSG100Matt says Dragon Con might be the closest thing to vod con
I mean honestly in a way kinda because putting on a con is really hard piggy backing on someone else's con is much easier
Especially a huge con like Dragon Con just be prepared for tons and tons of people
Getting to see Travis you realize it's been like 10 years since I've seen Travis so getting to be there with him when he was doing his cosplay
He did an amazing job as Commander Shepard and if you guys haven't heard him and his wife Jenna Mark Meir the voice of Mael Shep renewed their vows one of the mornings
I'm very pressed because it was a surprise so I wasn't told it was going to happen so I didn't go
Were you all the clumps for not going?
I was a little bit like you did what? Why wasn't I told I would have got up I would have forced myself out of bed
Oh well I had a great time
Yeah so I'm already planning to go back next year and I feel bad for PAX Prime
Apparently there was plenty of fuckery that happened in one of the panels I don't really want to get into that controversial issue right now because I'm sure you've all read about it
I love fuckery panels those are the best to watch
Well all I'm saying is that you know Penny Arcade Expo I love the vibe of Penny Arcade Expo and I still do kind of want to go to Penny Arcade East but
Some people there really need some PR help big time and just
Some people there need to get their foot out of their mouth
And it seems to be perpetual is the problem I'm starting to have it's like every time you think they're doing they're on the right path it's just whoop foot goes right back and mouth
And it's like you guys are there's a lot of good things that those guys do but then it's like you know how long are we going to sit here and just like kind of turn the other way
When there's one of them won't stop with this running his mouth anyway
Rob next year if I can make it to DragonCon by the way we need to cosplay
I'm already talking about cosplay with Travis too but I would be down I mean there's like four days of cons that's four cosplays
I've actually already been working on my costume for one of the SAC anime next year so
I would like to consider going to PAX East just throwing that out there I still would like to try and make that happen we'll see I just it's money at this point you guys cons be expensive
And then they just announced gamer X2 is going to be earlier next year it's going to be Alan's birthday weekend in mid July so there's that con to look forward to as well
What else did I want to say about DragonCon? I don't know I think I said do you guys have questions or anybody in chat?
Who did you notice any of the sci-fi or fantasy writers who were guests that year? I didn't see
I didn't really do celebrity sightings I didn't even go to see Kathy Najimy which was the one celebrity I really wanted to see I kind of just skipped all that
I know Travis ran into George Takei the lucky fucker
I would have totally wanted to see was it the guys from Mythbusters are over there
They did a whole special show at the Fox Theater one night they did like a special live show and then they did like a panel yeah it was a good time
Oh Bobby's mentioning the Parsec Awards yes that was a lot of fun we got to present at this prestigious award they do for speculative fiction casts at DragonCon
And you can actually see the YouTube online and myself, Bobby and Travis presenting at the awards and Brad is in it too he did an award earlier in the presentation so lots of VOG
But what's funny is that because of a schedule shuffle where Sylvester McCoy the seventh doctor was supposed to present the last award well he had to do the first award instead
So guess who got to do the very last award of the evening? VOG got to present that award so we had a whole little spiel we made up like 30 minutes before the thing
And that went pretty well I had an Oprah moment up on stage and pretended to be drunk I was not really drunk
You gave everyone B's? Huh? You gave everyone B's? No I said something along the lines of I wish everybody could have an award because all the indie podcasters worked so hard
And if I were Oprah I'd say you get an award and you get an award and I think I actually danced so you can see me all jiggling up there on stage
I'm leaving your village now. Bye bye. I've already looted it. Get out. Alright I think that's all I want to say on DragonCon because I know we have a lot of gaming news and other stuff we want to get into
Good time, WoodCon again. A++. Let's get into our gaming weeks I suppose it's time for. I'm a little off after having a week off. Let's talk about our gaming weeks. What have you been playing this week? Dark Sakura?
Animal Crossing. And I wanted to play Final Fantasy 14 but apparently my account was rendered inactive so when I went to go register my collector's edition code it created another account
So now I have two accounts. One of them with no characters and the other one with my characters on it that I can't access. So I've opened a ticket. I'm calling Square tomorrow. Hopefully get everything fixed
But man they don't have their phone number anywhere on their site and I had to go look at that locate customer service website so I've got that
I played some more Fractal. I'm super addicted to that game. I actually started DuckTales. And yeah that's about it. I mean I've really had a lot on my plate. I had a job interview.
Oh no I played something else. I don't remember what it is so it's not important. Your turn.
Alright well this week I didn't play a whole ton. I did a little bit of catching up. Well this is even kind of including last week a little bit. Saints Row IV so I finished playing that kind of
I mean I'm still, what was it? Last night I spent a good while modding the files in there to try to unlock DLC without paying for it. But that didn't work.
So I was trying to then unlock weapons that were not really weapons that you can use but they're weapons that are in the game kind of like some of the enemies have in some of the flashback missions and stuff
But I didn't get that to work. And then I was playing a little bit of Grand Theft Auto IV just because I'd watch somebody do or attempt to do this like kind of six star run from one side of the map to the other.
And I probably could do it but I could probably only do it in multiplayer because in single player you have limited sprinting. You don't have unlimited sprint and your characters run about as good as I do.
And just they run out of steam just after a few feet of sprinting so that just didn't work. Plus the AI is really cheap. I mean you jump into the water there's no boats and then like two seconds later all of a sudden there's five boats and they've run over you.
Multiple times like where those boats just teleport from. They weren't here a second ago. So yeah I didn't really end up doing that. So I ended up instead filming some of my I don't know if I want to call parkour but like like free climbing I guess it's something I used to do in multiplayer because I got tired of beating everybody so badly in our multiplayer games at work.
And so I used to climb buildings and still kill them. So I filmed some of those buildings and things that you know I used to climb on and I thought it'd be fun to edit it together and do some more stuff.
So I did that and then a little bit of Call of Duty at work but I'm getting really bored with it because I've handicapped myself quite a bit and I still keep winning so I just I don't know what I can.
And we can't really play live anymore because our Internet connection is just shit. So yeah. And then also it's just my boss. I'm usually is playing my boss and pot sometimes our IT guy but it's just getting so boring.
It's what happens when they lay off all your friends you know. So bummer. Wow. All the people they used to play with. So what are you gonna do. That's it. Stock them.
All right. My gaming week. You know because I was at a con for several days I didn't get to play a lot of new stuff at the con but except for one thing I'll talk about at the end.
But I did come home I played quite an obscene amount of Final Fantasy 14. But I know we've talked about it to death on this show and there's really not a lot more I can say.
I got White Mage. I did play a couple new games on PlayStation 3. I played Castle of Illusion the HD remake or whatever that came out. Did they change a lot in that game or is it just me because there's like things in it.
I'm like wait a minute. This wasn't here before. They were saying and I was watching an interview with the creator and also the original designer and the new people and they're talking about how they actually did make some changes to make it more of a Disney film like.
OK. So well then there's like a very Mario 64 vibe in the beginning with the castle and everything I'm like I don't remember. It's been so long. It's been so long. It's just an illusion that it's different. Shut up.
But I haven't really played enough of it to give you a really firm opinion on it but definitely you know has that feel of the Genesis classic and you know I think if you enjoyed the Genesis version of you probably already bought this.
One game I spent a little more time playing was a music game on PlayStation 3 called Kickbeat. I don't know if you guys have heard of this. It's a music game which I haven't got to play a lot of those lately.
Although I also played the demo for Hatsune Miku Project Diva F and I won it. Like that was actually a lot of fun. It reminded me of a PlayStation 2 music game. The price is what's scaring me on that game. I'm like $50 for Hatsune Miku really.
That's too much money. But Kickbeat is more like $10 or $15. I think it was $15 as a download title. And essentially it's set up like it's a little karate thing but your buttons like X and square and circle are all laid out as up down left and right as they are on the pad.
And these little ninja dudes will come out onto the spot and that's when you kick them. And so like you'll be playing along to the music and you know you'll see a little ninja come out and you hit the button and it kills them.
But you have a little bit of warning. So it's just like a different way of reading instead of notes scrolling down the screen. It's little ninjas sending themselves into position.
And depending on the shirts they wear tell you kind of like when the beats are. So like if it's a yellow it's on the beat. If it's blue then you're going to have half beats or third beats.
But sometimes you have red ones which means it's two buttons at the same time. And sometimes you have like I think it's like orangey where it's like a hold.
It's a very different way of doing a music game and it's pretty cool to watch your guy like do all the karate moves as he's doing it.
Does he duck turn?
He's not as fabulous as Parappa was. I'm going to tell you what else is as fabulous as Parappa was. This is completely a matter of opinion and some of you are going to disagree with me strongly on this.
I don't like the song list in the game at all. It's a lot of hard rock music. Some of you would like Pendulum and you know those were the songs that bothered me the least probably in the game.
But like one of them is a remix. What were the huge Pendulum songs? Colors? Was that their song?
Colors yeah.
That's not in there. It's other stuff.
It's probably Slam or I'm trying to think of the other one.
But it's just stuff I don't really listen to in my normal life. I liked my techno DDR stuff and all that.
But there are people that like that music that will be very excited about this game that it incorporates that into it.
And apparently if you beat the game once you can import your own music into it. I'm not sure how well that's going to work because it doesn't always work very well those algorithms.
But I'd like to try it. I'm trying to play through the game one time so I can at least try it.
But you know for 15 bucks you could do a lot worse. If you like music games especially if you like hard rock, metal and things like that you'd probably get a kick out of it.
So check it out.
Akuma JP in chat says is sexy and I know it in there. Very much no. Unless you play it as your own mp3.
Marilyn Manson's The Beautiful People is in it. That was one song I recognized.
What's that? Boom. Don't ask me to sing these songs. It's terrible. What is that band P.O.D. Is that their name? That song's in there.
Well you know that actually that song a remix of that song was in Amplitude.
Oh that's true. That is true. Alright well anyway so that's kick beat.
And between that and Final Fantasy is pretty much all I did you know because I was gone for a week.
However at Dragon Con Bobby was good enough to bring his Oculus Rift after all. He threatened not to bring it because we were all going to be too drunk to play it.
That's the perfect time to play it.
Well I can understand because it's a very expensive piece of hardware and you know he doesn't want us flinging around.
It's over your eyes not your mouth. If you vomit it's going to miss it.
Well he didn't bring Slender Man either so I didn't get to do the scary game. From what I understand Slender Man's on injection drivers. It's more of a hack anyway.
He did YouTube me playing it for the first time. Some type of roller coaster demo that we were doing where the roller coaster like the track just ends up missing at one part so your car goes flying.
I will say this. It's an impressive piece of technology. I was very impressed with it.
And it is exactly what you think it is. If you haven't heard of Oculus Rift it's a headset. You put it on your head. It ties to the PC right now.
And what you see is you see full 3D out the goggles but as you turn your head your field of vision moves.
So when you look up, you look up. When you look down, you look down. So as you imagine the games have to kind of support this technology.
So right now it's a lot of demos and concept things and that's really what I looked at.
And one of the things I looked at was a very Myst style type of game where you were walking around these different ramps.
And you can use an Xbox 360 controller to walk. That's how you move forward and things like that. The looking is different.
And you can go in these rooms and you can flip the stage upside down so you kind of have that sensation of flipping upside down while you're doing it.
And that was a really cool little demo to do. Now Bobby did do some injection drivers so we could do some fun stuff.
Like he had a Super Nintendo emulator thing so we could play Mario Kart with the Oculus Rift which basically looked like this big theater.
But as you looked, it was really detailed. Like if you look down, you see a little shadow holding a controller playing the game.
If you look up, you see a projector on the ceiling that actually is projecting the actual image you see in front of you.
So I thought that was a very immersive cool thing. But here was the really cool one.
He had a GameCube emulator with F-Zero GX. So I got to play F-Zero GX on the Rift and I'll tell you the first time I went around a loop, that was quite the sensation.
That was something else. Because you know, imagine you put this thing on, you have headphones on, it's a trip.
So yeah, it's something you have to experience. I can't explain it to you but I will tell you it's a pretty impressive piece of technology.
It works. The one thing I could say about it is that it's low resolution but it's supposed to be because it's a dev kit.
Right now it's a dev kit. And if I looked really closely, I could actually see the little pieces of glass or whatever that make up the RGB or whatever it is.
You know how if you sit up really close to an old television, you can see the little pieces of color that make up the big picture?
You can kind of see that in the Rift a little bit.
Like the RGB artificing, right?
Exactly, yeah. But again, I'm being super nitpicky. The sensation of being able to look around and having it move with you in real time is pretty cool.
And the 3D is done very well.
The last time I played a VR game, it was at Santa Cruz the Boardwalk and it was Quake 1 and I think Duke Nukem 3D.
But we played two deathmatches in that game. Yeah, that was kind of derpy because it's Quake.
You can imagine those screens were very low resolution. It's like having two TVs in front of your eyes. But it was fun.
Well, apparently on the PC while you have the headset on, Bobby could see what I was doing because it shows you on the PC it just splits the screen in left and right.
Like what's going on in the left eye and what's going on in the right eye. So he could see everything I was doing in the Rift, which is cool.
Let's see, Black Wolf is in chat right now. Our good pal Bobby Black Wolf who tapes before us at Voice of the Geeks Network says,
The Gallery Airworld demo was the name of the Myst thing I was playing. It was pretty cool.
So there was another demo that involved a house, but there was like all you did is you walked in.
You know what it really reminded me of? It was the modern version of, remember all those old virtual reality demos back in the mid 90s?
I remember there was this old one where you walked around the neighborhood with a car.
They should totally have that for the Oculus Rift. Like the old 90s virtual reality demos.
They probably do. Bobby didn't show me everything. He didn't have time.
You know what? It just keeps popping into my head over and over with Oculus Rift.
The Lawnmower Man? Yes! I was thinking of, yes.
Well the movie, the book had nothing to do with it.
Now is the time to bring back the Lawnmower Man game or something. It would be kind of fun.
So again, Oculus Rift is one of those things you just have to try it for yourself.
Not even a TV show could explain it to you because you have to have it on your head and try it yourself.
I will say this too. One other thing.
That means you have to give it head?
Well here's the thing DarkSakura. You'd hate it because your motion sickness, I couldn't play it for more than 20 minutes before I was like, okay I need to take this thing off.
I was getting motion sick playing Borderlands 2.
And that's this device's biggest weakness. I can't possibly see how somebody can have a two hour marathon gaming session with this thing.
You might get used to it or something, but I just, I really worry about the effect it may have on people.
I mean, here we are talking about earlier in the show Nintendo putting out a TV system.
He had porn. He did not share porn with you.
He didn't show me the porn!
That is not. That is not.
He's making me come back next year. That's what it is. It's a big ploy to get me to come back next year.
That is just downright.
I could have seen boobies on Oculus Rift.
That is very rude that you don't share porn with your guests.
Very rude. Bobby. Alright. Well anyway, I guess it gives me a reason to go back next year.
But anyway, the sickness thing though, that's a legit concern I would have.
I'm really curious to see like what are the long term effects this thing has?
Like what do the warnings on this thing look like? What do doctors think about it?
Because they are legitimate concerns.
There's bound to be epilepsy concerns.
Long term effects, you may be immersed into the 3D world and may become a cybernetic being that will then try to take over the whole electric infrastructure and internet.
This is the start of the Matrix.
This is the start of the Matrix.
A la Lawn Mower Man.
It is. Remember when you get killed in the Matrix, you get killed in real life just because of the sensations or whatever?
When you are going over this loop in F-Zero, I felt it a little bit. It wasn't the same as riding a roller coaster.
There was. I don't know if Bobby has seen it yet. I'm sure he has. I think you may have seen it from him.
But they have a, it was a game made in unity, a Tron light cycle demo with the Oculus Rift.
Bobby. Bobby Black Wolf is defending his choices in chat saying Rob wanted to go drink before I got to the porn.
Well that is probably accurate.
I think Booze Over Porn is.
To be fair that is probably accurate.
And besides that, porn is just really bad comedy.
Alright so yes, I tried the Oculus Rift people. Not that I'm going to say you have that kind of money to buy one.
But I'm sure these demos are going to start to get out there more and more, add other expos and so forth.
It was something you have to experience for yourself.
It very well could be the future of gaming as we'll get into in gaming news here in a minute.
But first, some quick housekeeping before we get into tonight's gaming news.
Please follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r. You can also follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
We do have a quick housekeeping note here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Something that we did announce at our DragonCon panel on Saturday was that a new show is joining the Voice of Geeks Network Radio.
Yay! And very happy to have this show on board with us.
The show is Electric Sistahood and it's going to be debuting Tuesdays at, I always get screwed up by time zones.
Tuesdays at 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern.
And this is really cool because it's going to lead right into Anime Jam Sessions pre-show and their live shows.
Now we have a Tuesday block. We have a Monday block, a Wednesday block, and a Tuesday block now.
Instead of just one show on Tuesdays. So it's pretty nice.
Have we gone up a level?
We have leveled up. And I really like that Electric Sistahood is very much a girl power show.
You know, it's fronted by two sisters who live out of Boston.
And I love, you know, obviously they have guys that they work with too.
There's the Boston Bastard Brigade, some of them that we met at E3 and so forth.
And they do a lot with EGM now and so forth.
But I just, I love that we are diversifying things more here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
I mean we already had a great female fronted show in Girls Gone Wow.
And lots of strong women voices on the network with you and Christina and Jessica and Patty and, you know, everybody.
So, sorry if I'm, I know I'm leaving people out.
But yeah, I am loving what we're doing here at VOG.
We embrace diversity.
That is right.
We play Genesis and Super Nintendo and Turbo Graphics.
And once in a while you may catch us off the air listening to Sonic US and Japanese soundtracks.
No. No. That doesn't happen.
Alright. Rama's in chat.
That only happens when I hook up the Sega CD.
Rama's in chat very excited saying East Coast run Tuesday nights on VOG Network.
Yes, I guess that is true. It is an East Coast night Tuesday nights here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
If you have a geek-centered show or you know someone that produces a geek-centered show that you think would be a good fit for the Voice of Geeks Network,
we are looking to add to our family even more.
You can get in touch with me, Rob, at VOGNetwork.com.
All we ask is that it be an established show because we want to make sure that the people are dedicated to their craft
because so many podcasts do fizzle in the first few weeks, unfortunately.
So we want to make sure that it's already established that the folks are dedicated.
And we are a little filled up on video game shows at this point.
Electric Sisterhood also focuses on video games, although they also do tech and anime, so they're a little bit that.
So if your show is primarily video games, that might be a bit too much for the network right now.
But we have big-time openings for board games as a show I want real bad.
We don't have anything on comics, and I'd love to get a comic-based show.
I've been trying to talk to a couple people.
Well, where is that pilot, madam?
Well, you know what? I need to hear from a certain somebody who lives in the Bay Area.
God, why'd you make my accent come back?
But you get the idea. So you can contact me again, Rob, at VOGNetwork.com.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at VOGNetwork.com,
use the passphrase, SPOON.
Alright, enough promotion. Let's get into video game news. It's what you guys are here for. Loki!
Alright, so let's talk about promotion.
The Xbox One, they finally announced that their launch date will be the 22nd.
Also Friday, also eight years after the Xbox 360 launch, and one week past the PlayStation 4 launch.
And also one week before Black Friday, which is when you expect consoles are going to come out.
Why were people so dead set on, oh, Xbox One's going to be the first to market, and it has to be the first?
Honestly, I still think it's coming out too early. I think that they're not going to have enough.
Well, they're releasing in a very few regions, and I think they're going to...
I remember Major Nelson, he's like, okay, look, here's the first case of boxes, or the systems, off the assembly line.
And he tweeted that, I'm like, I almost wanted to respond back, I'm like, it's not that impressive, that's only two systems, buddy.
You know, that would have been rude of me, and I did not do that. So, I thought that in my head, laughed to myself, and went back to working.
But, yeah, so that is coming out there. It's going to be launching 13 markets, and, you know, cool. 500 bucks, all that fun stuff.
On top of that, though, there's going to be some minor tweaks. One, they made the announcement that they're going to be upping the processor speed a little bit.
I guess that they tested the system runs cool enough, and so now they can kick up the processor speed to 1.75 gigahertz instead of 1.6 gigahertz.
And then, of course, the CPU got boosted early in August from, was it, from 800 to 853 megahertz.
What kind of difference that's going to make, I don't think it's going to be night and day, but whatever.
So, cool, better specs. Also, in Europe, you're going to be getting FIFA 14 with your Xbox One Day One Edition consoles.
Also, there were a few retailers in case you didn't want the FIFA. You can also get a Forza 5, so I believe that's separate.
Nothing like that announced yet for the US or North America. Not sure if they're going to do anything like that, but I don't know. It'd be interesting.
And then, also, there was, this is like a bunch of bullet points from different things. So, the Xbox One can support up to eight controllers at once.
Remember, the PlayStation 3 can support up to seven. I believe there was like NBA 2K used that, and I don't know, maybe FIFA, and that's about it.
And then, of course, PlayStation 4 only four. So, you know, right there, people are going, there you go, Xbox One's going to win this generation because they support eight controllers.
When have you ever had that many people over playing one video game? Well, I shouldn't say that. There are parties, and I've seen Rock Band Nights and so forth, but that's so few and far between.
Its implementation is going to be very limited. I mean, like I said, there is only a couple, like, I swear, less than five games that probably use that seven controller configuration because they're just not going to do that.
I mean, sure, Microsoft would like you to believe that there's going to be a lot of situations that require that, so you have to buy those extra controllers, but I don't think that there's actually going to be, you know, there's probably going to be four players, like, you know, like most games are going to be four players.
I don't think you're going to have eight people, and definitely not split screen because that'd be just fucking stupid.
Don't get me wrong. I think it's cool that, and like, I'm not knocking Xbox One for having that, but I'm just saying it's not the deal maker or breaker that some people on the internet are making out to be.
It's like, okay, neat. Let's see what games are going to do with that. What are games going to do with that? We'll see.
It'd be better if you could hook up eight Kinects.
No, it would not.
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV.
Alright, and then, also, external storage will not be supported at launch, so the 500 gigabyte hard drive that comes in there, well, that's going to have to be enough for a while because that's all you can do with it, because you're not going to be able to store stuff using the USB ports yet.
So, I hope those games aren't that big.
There's not that many games coming out. I mean, 500 gigabytes is quite a bit.
Why is there an expectation here that we're going to get a free game just because Europe is?
I think because people think that they want, it's not fair, Rob. It's not fair. Honestly, I think it's because the price point's too high.
But, Daddy, I want the goose that lays the golden eggs.
I think that they think that the price point's still too high and that they keep trying to lure more people into buying the system.
Europe pays more for their systems, though, in games in general, though, don't they, when you convert dollars to Euros and all that?
I understand that, but it would still be the same, you know, so you're going to have a more sensitive game.
And Sony's traditionally had the advantage in Europe, right?
I don't know.
I get it.
I don't think that they will, but, I mean, people would like to think that, I guess. I would be kind of annoyed if it was Madden, you know, like, I don't fucking care about Madden.
Yeah, but a lot of fucking people care about Madden.
I understand that.
That is a pretty big deal if they do get that. I mean, as much as I'm sitting here saying I don't think people should have an expectation about it, if they do come out and say Madden's coming out free with the Xbox One, there's going to be a lot of people that are like,
oh dude, but if you get Xbox One, you get Madden. But I still think that price difference is going to be a little like, but it's also $100 more, dude.
I think what they could do is like maybe some free live, maybe, or free something else, you know, that doesn't really cost them anything, like, you know, free, like digital stuff, you know, maybe like a free, you know, you get, well, Killer Instinct, I don't know, maybe that would be kind of, you get Killer Instinct.
You are getting that.
But then again, you know, it's free to play, you know, essentially for demos, free to play. Um, I don't know, I think it seems like you get more value with the PlayStation 4 as far as like PlayStation Plus, you know, because you're getting some free games with that, but you don't really get any, I mean, maybe they offer like some free games with gold, you know, because they're doing that games of gold thing right now with, you know, Xbox 360.
You know, maybe they offer something like that for the Xbox One, like one of the games, but I don't know, I don't think it's necessary, but I think that there might be something they need to do when, you know, and maybe that close to Black Friday's, you know, they're going to have some retailers doing that already.
Okay. All right. Well, let's move on, talking about, this isn't necessarily console-based, at least for now, but it looks like it might end up there, and this was some huge news that came out. It technically was the week we were off, but this is such huge news that we have to talk about it tonight, and it is about a Kickstarter, which usually, you know, whatever, these things are turning out to be a dime a dozen, but this one is, this one is shaping up to be a game changer.
It is Kiji Inafune's new Kickstarter. If you don't know that name, he is the creator of Mega Man, and he was formerly a Capcom producer. He has turned to Kickstarter to fund a game called Mighty No. 9, and it's Mega Man.
Like, it's not, I'm not, you're not supposed to say that because, you know, oh, well, there's, there, there are some differences in the way things are, it's fucking Mega Man.
It's fucking Mega Man.
It's fucking Mega Man. It's, it's the game people want that Capcom, for whatever reason, figured would fail, and now Capcom's having to eat a little crow with this because this Kickstarter currently, it was funded, I want to say, within the first day.
Of course, a couple hours.
It was a couple hours, and where's it at right now? 1.8 million, 1.8 million, 32,000 backers with 22 days to go.
Which means now we get a Linux version, a Mac version.
That's right, a Making of Documentary, New Game Plus, and Turbo Mode, two bonus stages.
And almost console versions.
Almost console versions. If they hit 2.2 million, which they will, they're gonna get PS3, 360, and Wii U versions of this game.
I'm just upset that it uses Amazon payments, which for some reason, for me, is not working.
Oh, for Kickstarter?
Because this was going to take my Kickstarter virginity.
Was it?
Just, just hold out.
Oh yes, I was going to, my body was ready.
Why?
Because freaking Mega Man. Fuck.
Fair enough.
Does that need an explanation?
But it's not Mega Man. This is Mighty No. 9.
Do not care. Do not care. It will be Mega Man in my heart.
The art is only similar because it's the same guy.
Do. Not. Care.
And it's not because I don't like it, but because, you know, I've kind of learned the Kickstarter stuff now.
It's like, I put money down now, and the game doesn't come out until, like, late next year or something.
It's like, no thanks, I'll just keep my money now and I'll buy it when it comes out.
Because it's gonna be probably about the same price anyways.
You know, 10, 15 dollars, and you put down 10 or 15 dollars for the game now.
It's like, whatever. That's it.
I've been very conservative with Kickstarter stuff.
Except for Video Game High School, of course.
I'll buy anything they put out.
I found it very interesting in that video.
Did you guys watch the Kickstarter video? The little 5 minute, well produced thing that had the pitch in it?
There was a very quick line, but something that really caught my attention was something about, he said,
when the game he wanted to make, or the game that he was making, was cancelled, he was devastated.
And I was kinda like, wow.
So this whole Mega Man universe thing really burned him to the point where he's gonna make it anyway.
Well, you know, it's not Mega Man, but this is just so crazy to me how Capcom really just said,
you know what, this franchise just isn't worth investing in anymore.
And now you've got 32,000 people climbing saying yes it is.
Well, you had 100,000 people that joined that Facebook group and then more.
Yeah, but it's important to put your money where your mouth is.
I think that a lot of those people are gonna put their money where their mouth is.
I think they will, too.
I think there are quite a few people like you that just don't want to participate in Kickstarter
that will wait for the game to come out.
There's a lot of reasons why, especially there's a lot of, we'll get into some of that stuff later on,
but there's a lot of shady stuff that goes on with Kickstarter that some of these projects aren't worth backing.
Not to say that this one is one of those, but it's just kind of...
Is it the Ouya Burn?
No, it's not the Ouya.
It's just like there's other projects out there.
I've gotten into some of that stuff before, but not to get so far off topic.
It's just I don't really want to, I've been very much, I'm gonna put money down.
I did that for Shadowrun and Shadowrun Online and stuff, and Shadowrun's awesome,
and I haven't played that game since I got it.
I got the game, and I'm like, cool, I have the game.
Alright, I'm gonna go off and do something else now.
And Shadowrun Online, cool, I pledged for that, and I haven't played that yet.
And there's still a few more games that I have back that haven't even come out yet,
and I just don't play them once I've paid for them.
Here's how Beck, the hero of Mega Man, which isn't there supposed to be a female command called Call?
So instead of Rock and Roll, we get Beck and Call, right?
Okay, so here's how Beck is different.
Beck takes the abilities of the enemy robots he defeats,
but he uses those abilities further, transforming parts of his body,
like his limbs might become giant magnets, enabling him to walk up walls or rip away enemy shields.
That sounds really awesome, but it's fucking Mega Man.
Not that that's bad, that's not a bad thing, I'm just saying this is hilarious,
because it is fucking Mega Man that we are backing.
And the other games may just change the color palette a little bit and just give him a different weapon.
We're changing his design a little bit, and his color palette, and he's fucking Mega Man.
It's like another Mega Man series, Mega Man Y or something.
It's like if the creators of DDR came out and said,
hey, you know what, we're going to make In the Groove,
but we're just going to change things just enough so we don't get sued,
because we don't have the rights to DDR anymore.
And that's what we have.
Bochi Kawa in chat at live.vog.network.com says,
I was really concerned once they called the main character Beck,
but once Call came to my attention, I was totally okay with it.
I totally fucking hate that band, Beck.
It's not a band, it's a person.
Whatever.
If you have two turntables and a microphone, you're banned.
That's like Alan's favorite musician.
But the Ghetto Chip malfunction EP was really good.
It was really good. Beck should do music for them.
Actually, no, he shouldn't, because they actually have the original lady
that did the Mega Man 1 music is doing the music for this.
Besides that, Beck did a lot of the music for Scott Pilgrim.
Let me pull up the...
Remember?
Yes, I do, and that was great.
Let me pull up the Kickstarter real quick, because...
Sorry, live radio, what can you do?
I want to actually play a little bit of this,
because they actually have it on the Kickstarter page.
They have some of the, it's not Mega Man,
Mega Man number 9 theme song by...
Scrolling down here, where...
God, lord, there's so much content on this page already.
Oh, this is terrible radio, I'm very sorry, you guys.
And I like how he's the number 9, because there are eight other bosses
that he's gonna have to fight.
Manami Matsumae did the soundtrack of the original Mega Man
and the iconic soundtracks, and she is going to be doing this game,
and already has the theme song out there.
Like, you can just see the camera panning up the tall story building to this music.
Actually, I think they did that in the Kickstarter video, didn't they?
I think they did.
Let me fast forward a little bit, so you get more of that vibe.
Totally not Mega Man, totally a new thing, totally.
You gotta admit, though, the music, the vibe with the music
between the first Rock Man and the second one,
had a completely different play vibe.
It did, and I gotta be honest, my favorite music was the first Mega Man game.
Like, Elec Man's stage, and Guts Man, I mean, those are iconic to me.
I was actually a really big fan of Fire Man's music.
Not that two was bad, because you had things like Bubble Man,
but one was great.
I totally love those new characters that, instead of having Construction Homeless,
they have construction cones on their head.
And then, also, the robotic dog that looks nothing like Rush, but is Rush.
So, it does look like we're totally gonna see this...
It's not a bad thing, but, dude, it's Mega Man.
No, and I'm excited about this.
And I like the art style they're going with it,
because what I like about it is that,
you remember how Mega Man 9 and 10, like, purposefully went retro?
And, like, that was cool, don't get me wrong,
but I kind of like that this is 2D in the new generation.
Does that make sense?
Like, you know, kind of what a lot of us just want to see in a frickin' game.
So, I'm glad that he's getting to do the game the way he wants to do it,
and there it is.
I think Rama puts it best.
Mighty No. 9 is a Mega Man in another parallel universe.
S.S.G.A. 100 Matt in our chatroom brings up a good point.
Manami Matsumae also did some of the soundtrack for Shovel Knight,
which isn't Mega Man per se, but it was very, you know,
and that Kickstarter did crazy good, too.
I think I backed that one.
I did back that one.
Did I? No, I think I just missed it, unfortunately.
I backed it.
Yeah. I'll probably get it later, when the game comes out, but, yeah.
Anyhow, I could talk about this further,
but this game's happening, folks, and it'll at least be on Steam,
but I'm hard-pressed to imagine it's not going to make it to PlayStation 3.
Are we going to get a sidekick that's going to have a sword, too,
and his name will be Minus?
No, that'll be in Mighty No. 10.
Mighty No. 10.
Or whatever.
How will they call the sequels to this?
Because this isn't true, not Mega Man, unless you have Mighty No. 9, Part 2,
Mighty No. 9, Part 3.
Maybe they'll do letters instead.
That'll be how it differs.
MM9?
Yeah, no, Mighty No. 9B, Mighty No. 9C.
I don't know. Whatever.
All right, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
I have some stuff and things, but mostly about VR stuff.
I mentioned Oculus Rift earlier because of experiences with Bobby's crazy headset.
Well, it looks like Sony's got a similar plan going on.
They have a VR set for the PS4 that should be announced at the Tokyo Game Show,
and they already reported to Eurogamer that the device would be coming out sometime in 2014.
So it's like they're trying to get past the move aspect and really lean toward the Rift.
That's what it seems like to me.
I wonder if the PS4 is going to have games that are compatible with either or both,
or if they're going to insist on using just their headset.
Well, even a rumor is still going around that Microsoft's going to go the same route.
Remember their whole leaked game plan or whatever you want to call it with Kinect and stuff
and this crazy VR shit with that?
Even with the Xbox One and the tagline for it and everything, it was all accurate.
So next year we're supposed to see some of this weird shit unless it gets pushed a little bit.
I'd say next year to early 2015 we'll be hearing something about this,
but I think it's the way it's going to go.
I'm telling you, if a Sony executive or a Microsoft executive played the Oculus Rift,
that's why they're trying to get a slice of it.
And it seems like it's really just gaining a lot more speed for people developing for that kind of technology.
I mean, look who they're supporting it.
Nintendo, this is your chance.
Nintendo on, remember? Remember that whole concept video?
There is no shame in going back and saying, hey, we saw that April Fool's joke or whatever you want,
pre-E3 joke, and we're going to make it happen anyways.
You know what? We could be seeing the return of the Virtual Boy.
But it's so different. The Virtual Boy was silly and the 3D didn't work very well and it was all one color.
The Oculus Rift is awesome.
But now the technology is there to make it work.
I mean, imagine if you had something like, say, for your DS that would play the upper screen stuff through a virtual environment,
or even hook up your Wii to do a virtual Wii.
Here's the thing about this, although I'm excited for it, I would like to see something like this happen,
especially if they can make it economical.
I don't want all of gaming to go down this route.
I just don't want to see the entire industry cop on this.
It's all about the VR headsets. That's just like motion gaming.
Just like 3D?
Yeah, it's kind of like I don't want everybody to go there.
And part of that has to do with the fact, again, I don't think you can play it for as long periods of time.
You have some serious accessibility issues with a VR headset.
I mean, you know, Jamie, can you imagine if all your games were on a VR headset?
You'd probably be pissed because it's like...
Well, I wouldn't buy them if they were all on a VR headset. That's the final thing.
I would have to have something that I can play that, number one, would make me want to barf all over the house,
and I could use a mouse.
And we'll always have indies. I mean, if nothing else, there'll always be people that don't want to develop for this kind of stuff.
But I'm just saying, I like this as an enhancement, not as a, this is the rest of the industry forever.
But, you know, I really do want to say that Nintendo really did give us the big idea.
I would have to say was one of the first inspirations for this type of thing.
I mean, yeah, we had those little virtual environment things before, like at Q's are, you know, where you could get in.
It gave me a rotten headache.
But the Virtual Boy was the first attempt, I think, of bringing a gaming experience in a virtual environment home.
Isn't it funny that Gunpei Okoye got so much shit over that system, but yet maybe he was just really ahead of his time?
I think that's the problem with any wise invention.
You know, how many great technologies come out that are basically shot down because of either the technology is not caught up to it, the concept is too advanced, or people are not used to...
Well, in the Virtual Boy's case, it was that the technology wasn't truly there.
Or the red was the problem.
Yeah, but the concept of that type of thing, I mean, we've seen different types of techs come out that are basically poo-pooed because they're not commercially viable.
You know, we could be running, just look at our energy issues right now, we could be running on very clean energy right now if it wasn't that petroleum was so, you know, marketable.
I mean, hell, Betamax was far superior to VHS, yet look what went out.
Oh, because porn went VHS for one. Wasn't VHS the cheaper option too?
It was a little cheaper, but the better quality was the Betamax.
I mean, people are avoiding the better items because of market scare, but I mean, the technology wasn't there for the Virtual Boy, but it was a very advanced concept for its time.
And I think if it had waited another two years, it could have been something really great.
Or until the point that they could get full color on it.
Or until they could have done Mode 7. Boy.
Alright, anyhow. Up next, Loki.
Alright, so there may be a slight delay in getting the Gaikai service for PlayStation 4 to roll out in Europe.
Apparently the problem is to issues with broadband internet availability in Europe.
And basically they're just saying they don't have a timeline for it right now because those services aren't available.
So the plan is to begin with North America next year, and the plan is to provide a streaming service that will allow PlayStation 3 content initially to be streamed.
Firstly, PlayStation 4, then the Vita, then PlayStation 3.
And so that will happen in 2004 in North America, initially.
And now, I guess they touched upon issues in broadband in Europe and during the presentation.
And they said that Europe is of course part of the roadmap, but the service will be deployed at some point in the future.
And for reasons outside of their control, it's been delayed.
And it kind of makes me wonder, at the same time, remember all those features they were trying to push originally with the Xbox One stuff?
And having to be always connected and having broadband internet?
Man, that would have been a real big clusterfuck in Europe because they're having issues with some decent broadband.
And the area, I mean, what would have made people think, you know, this other cloud stuff's gonna work?
I don't know.
Well, or as you brought up when all the fuckery with Final Fantasy XIV was happening a couple weeks ago, you know.
Oh God, yeah.
Who's-
Is that fixed now?
Yeah, it's a lot better now.
I mean, obviously there's still issues like what Dark Soccer was talking about earlier that she's having and all these other like weird isolated things.
But it's not on the large scale like we were having it, but there's still like pain points, if that makes sense.
Yeah.
But there is a good percentage of people who are playing like it is a normal video game at this point.
I'm still gonna document what my experience was with their customer service is like tomorrow.
Yeah, good luck getting through. I've heard some nightmare stories about customer service.
But it seems that that's the only way people are getting anything to happen because they have so many tickets open and people keep reopening their ticket.
Ugh, yuck.
Well, anyhow, let's move on. Something that is supposed to help you with your Xbox One experience is Smart Glass, that's right.
Smart Glass, which I kind of was thinking Microsoft might have abandoned at one point because it came out for the 360 and then, well, that's it.
But Smart Glass is happening on Xbox One and there was some more information this week in an interview with Xbox Wire from Microsoft General Manager Ron Pessner,
who talked about that the app will be more responsive for one. This app will connect to the Xbox One within four seconds.
That's much faster than the 360 connects today. Up to 16 Smart Glass devices are supposed to connect with a single Xbox One console.
Why?
Eight controllers and two phones a person. Sounds plausible.
Well, no. The Smart Glass devices would be like tablets. So why would you need 16 fucking tablets or phones?
Well, I will put it, I will give it this. If it's supposed to be interactive with movies and second screen with that, then people don't have to share one.
Like, each person could have one.
Or maybe it's like, you know, that somebody can be registered with a console and maybe you're talking family members too.
Maybe. No, no.
But Smart Glass is on phones. I think that having the 16 devices around, if you have the people, is not that hard to get.
Anyhow, there could be the use for game controllers with this, but I don't think that's where they're actually going.
It's just, I mean, you can kind of use game control. I mean, not game control, but you can console control with Smart Glass today.
But it's a little eh.
That would be fantastic. Hey, cool. I can use on screen digital, you know, game pads.
You know, I still have that Smart Glass app on my phone.
Oh, yeah. Well, I have it too, but I just don't use it.
When away from the console, Smart Glass will still allow you to communicate with friends, check achievements, watch game DVR videos, and, of course, go shopping in the store.
One thing, though, that Smart Glass on Xbox One will have is game help.
When publishing a game, you must submit a help manual that will aid players either in-game or through Smart Glass.
And you can actually say Xbox Help, and then the help thing will appear in the console.
But you can also do it in Smart Glass, where you click on the help icon, and it will show you exactly whatever it is that you want to see there.
It should be noted, though, when you do say Xbox Help, you'll see a poof of smoke, and then, out from a shadows, Clippy will arrive.
It looks like you're trying to...
You summon me?
It looks like you're trying to access Killer Instinct.
Choose one of these three options. Oh, God. I can only imagine what that's going to look like.
But, yeah, I mean, I'm just curious, like, okay, well, how is this second screen experience going to really be enhanced?
Because Smart Glass, as it is right now, is kind of, eh? So, I don't know.
Anyhow, that's it. Smart Glass on Xbox One.
Hopefully, it will be something that doesn't fade away in a few months.
Dark Sakura?
Well, there is actually some stuff going on for Microsoft in Europe right now.
So, what's going on is that they have this Xbox Live Rewards thing that's going to be going on, where basically you get rewards for playing new games.
As it works is that if you play a new game for more than ten hours, a disc-based release on top of that, you get a thousand credits every time you play a game.
Well, in the UK, that would be 67 pence. That's like a soda, I think.
It's basically, in North America, I think it's a thousand credits equals a dollar.
Yeah. So, at any rate, of course, you know, the more games you play, the more rewards you get, the more points you get.
And, like, if you get up between $3,000 to $9,999, you get Contender, and the lowest is where you just get 50 credits back on every little bit that you spend.
That would be the equivalent of 800 Microsoft points.
So, it's supposed to be deposited every 15th and 30th of each month once you hit 5,000 credits.
So, I don't know how this is going to work. Like, right now, I know that when I switched all of my stuff over from my points to money, it gave me a dollar. I bought a song.
Here's how you earn credits in this. Basically, you can complete an apps punch card, which I think you have to buy so many apps or something, or use the apps for so long.
Was that like how when I buy ten pink berries, I get a free one?
Something like that.
That's weird.
They have a complete My Map Pack punch card, so if you buy, like, so many map packs, you get 5,000 credits.
Make your first Xbox store purchase 1,250 credits.
Complete My Movies and TV punch card, 3,000 credits.
Take a survey, 250 credits.
And then, also, see, play a new game for ten hours is 1,000 credits. Refer a friend, 1,000 credits.
This sounds like how to get a badge in Steam. One of those badges.
Renew my membership. What I want to know is how many fucking credits do I get on my birthday because it used to be 25 cents.
So, is that any better now? Do I get 25 cents still? Or is it like, you know, 50 cents?
Ooh. Well, inflation and interest and all that.
I think it's a little bribery. Plus, I think the playing ten hours thing is a little excessive.
I mean, it can't be ten hours at a time. It has to be something that you're going to play for a couple of days and then you get your thing.
I think it's during the month. I think it's within a month of it releasing.
If I was getting Kingdom Hearts HD on 360, that might be happening.
Yeah, but I haven't sat down to play a game like that. Well, I have on my PC. I take that back. So...
Well, I don't think it's at a time. It's just...
Well, I know it's not at a time, but there's sometimes... You know, people have busy lives. Some people only play on the weekends for a few hours at a time.
Really? You couldn't squeak out ten hours of Mass Effect in the month that it came out?
While I'm unemployed, yes.
Actually, and I easily sunk a hundred hours into Mass Effect across three months, I should be ashamed to say.
So I would have hit this ten hours easy when Mass Effect first came out.
Well, I did do that in one day.
I don't want to think ten hours isn't that ridiculous. There is a cap, though, I know what you can get a month...
As long as it wasn't ten hours over and over and over and over again, but yeah, ten hours is not too hard to meet.
I know people that watch that much TV.
I think the other thing, though, with having that ten hour limitation is that they basically also discourage any return time.
Because I know that, like, and I only know Game Stops because Dan managed one, their return policy was like a full refund in seven days.
And not, I don't know how many people are going to get ten hours of gameplay in, like, say it's like the average student, okay?
You got school all day, you have homework, you come home, and then are you really going to have a lot of time to play?
Most of the play is going to be done on the weekends.
So that's going to cut out some of that return time right there.
That's where I see the ten hours coming in, but at the same time, I think it's a little underhanded.
Well, it's only really twenty minutes a day.
I guess that's true.
I mean, it's twenty minutes you could be exercising or you could play some Mass Effect.
Exercise your fingers.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out what games you can sink ten hours into this month as we look at some release dates.
Let's see, so this week we've got NHL 14 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
On PC, the Elder Scrolls Anthology.
If you just learned about this Elder Scrolls series, you know, you can pick up all of those games on PC.
All the cool kids are playing this Elder Scrolls.
Exactly, Elder Scrolls, that sounds like games for old people.
Kingdom Hearts HD, or 1.5 HD Remix on PlayStation 3 this week.
Puppeteer on PlayStation 3.
The Sims 3 has an expansion pack coming out.
Sims 3 movie stuff, so that's coming out this week as well.
And on Vita, hopefully, hopefully and actually a good first person shooter now on the Vita.
Killzone Mercenary coming out this week as well.
I believe that's it, I think.
Let me quickly glance over this real quick.
Didn't forget anything.
Nope, that would be it.
Alright, let's travel to Japan then and check out the releases over there.
Oh, I did, I did.
God damn it, Loki.
One week from today, I forgot. One week from today, Wonderful 101.
A Sunday release as Nintendo releases tend to be.
Alright, let's go to Japan and check out PlayStation 3 releases.
Air Conflicts Vietnam on September 12th, along with AKB1 149 Renee So Senkyou comes out in regular and limited edition.
What?
No, I think that's something that I was looking at the other day.
Was it? Here's what it looks like. Isn't this like a girly band?
Never mind, that's, yeah.
This is like girly band karaoke, pretty swimsuit photos, I don't know.
Yeah, that's not what I think it is. I was thinking of something else.
What is this labeled adventure? Is this like the Spice World game or something? Who knows?
I don't know.
Wait a minute, that was the limited edition. Let me look at the regular one.
The regular one, are there screenshots? Nope, just the box art.
Pretty Japanese girls, some playing the guitar, some are getting married, whatever.
I was wondering if that was like an AKB48 thing.
No.
Max Payne 3, it goes into the classics, so that means a price reduction this week in Japan on September 12th.
Going over to the Xbox 360, just Air Conflicts Vietnam is the only release that is also on the 360 this week.
Going to the PlayStation Vita, nothing until the 19th, this week looks pretty empty.
But if we look at the Wii U and the 3DS, the Wii U doesn't really get anything until September 26th.
That's when Epic Mickey 2 finally gets its Japanese release on the 26th, but that'll be a ways out.
Looking at the 3DS, however, on the 14th there's quite a few games because old Monster Hunter 4 is being released on the 3DS, which is kind of a big deal.
There's a shit ton of peripherals that go with that for Monster Hunter 4, such as like you want a new stand for it or a sticker or pouches or what have you.
That is huge.
There's also a special 3DS-LL coming out for Monster Hunter 4.
There's a black version and a white version.
There's special packs that come with the game.
That is on the 14th.
So, I imagine that's Japan's big release and the one that actually some people over here would probably be importing because I know some people are really into their Monster Hunter.
Sony PSP, not to be left out in the cold.
Yes, PSP, not V.
Brothers Conflict Brilliant Blue in regular and limited edition this week on the PSP.
There you go. That's it for Japanese releases.
Well, we have a few things coming out in the UK.
On the 10th we have Amnesia, A Machine for Pigs on PC and Metro Last Night on Mac.
For the 11th we have DuckTales Remastered coming out on Xbox 360 and Puppeteer on PlayStation 3.
On the 12th we have Arma 3 and NHL 14.
And on the 13th we have I Am Alive on PC, King of Fighters 13 Steam Edition, Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix and Rayman Legends on the Vita.
That's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
Yes, so Steam is adding some more stuff to their trading system.
Now they have this Steam Trade Offers program.
And I guess what it allows you to do is it allows, I guess, friends to suggest trade deals for inventory items.
Which you can accept, counter, or decline.
And I guess it's a way to negotiate cards maybe?
I don't know. It would be nice if I could trade my games that I have that I don't use.
But yeah, so that's what they have right now.
I guess you can check out other people's inventories and so if they have a card that you want or something you can be like,
Hey, can I have that card? I'll trade you my other card.
More stuff on Steam to waste your time and money.
I was very disappointed. I didn't get a single booster pack while I was at Dragon Con.
But I bet the card trading has died down because the summer sale is over.
So how do you get booster packs in games? I play a lot of...
Once you've got the most...
Let's say a game has six cards available. Three of them will drop as you play the game.
For like every twenty minutes you play the game you get a card.
But up to half the most that's in the set.
After you've got all those drops you're eligible for a booster pack.
So when someone else crafts a badge, somebody in the community at random will get a booster pack.
That's how it keeps going. So the more people craft the more booster packs that go out.
Okay, I guess I got all mine in Saints Row IV because I have four cards.
Does it say that you have any left to earn?
I can't see how in Saints Row IV. You've probably played that to death.
Yeah, I don't have any more to earn. I have duplicates even.
Okay, yeah, so you'll be eligible for booster packs for Saints Row IV.
But to be honest, some people trade them, but I just got to the point where I got lazy.
I sold all my duplicates in the marketplace and then bought what I wanted to make badges.
It worked! So there you go.
ActDef saying, I got a Team Fortress 2 booster pack yesterday, so some people are getting them.
Alright, I got some music game news for you guys before we get into the classic game of the week.
And the first game I want to talk about is a game called Cross Beats.
It's Cross X Beats, which makes me think this game is called Cross Cross Beats, which actually would make sense.
Because guess who's making Cross Cross Beats? Guess who the producer is?
It's Naoki Madaya is actually producing this game for Capcom.
He no longer works at Konami.
He left Konami a year ago if you weren't aware.
Well, no, they're still making DDR. It's different producers.
But anyway, if you don't know who Naoki is, we used to talk a lot about DDR back in the day,
and Naoki used to be the producer of DDR. He did a lot of songs that were very famous that were in the game.
He had all these different pseudonyms that he created songs under.
He was a big driving force behind the music in the game.
So it goes without saying that a lot of these fans of Bamani projects in the past,
Naoki was still at Konami for a very long time.
He did the Dance Dance Party or whatever that game was that wasn't so bad on the 360 arcade.
That was all Naoki.
So he's left Konami now, and with Capcom he's going to do Cross Cross Beats.
It's an IOS game. It's a rhythm game on IOS.
Not a lot known about the game. We don't know when it's coming out.
Rumor is it could show up at Tokyo Game Show. That would certainly make sense.
It looks like the game is played with tapping, swiping, flicking.
Probably, considering it's on a touch screen, it'll probably get some easy similarities to Elite Beat Agents and Technica and that style of play.
But I'm sure there will be unique things that differentiate it, such as the music.
If you've been playing Bamani games for a while, you might recognize Tatch is also doing some of the songs.
Void, Simon, Who's Some Thinker, DJ Simon, and all those guys appeared in media 2DX and the like.
That's happy news.
Over the years.
Also speaking of music games, Theatrhythm apparently set to get a sequel.
Theatrhythm, the Final Fantasy music game on 3DS, I guess did well enough to necessitate a sequel called Final Fantasy Curtain Call.
No idea what this could be.
But my thought is, could it maybe be that this is the fully packaged game with all the DLC?
So I wouldn't necessarily think it's a full sequel, but certainly Square has enough music in their archive.
Especially if you were to throw Chrono Trigger and other Square games into the mix.
The Secret of Mana and Evermore and all those games.
I'm sure there would be enough music to fill up a second game.
But I'm wondering if Curtain Call wouldn't just be an end of the year edition that packages everything and maybe a couple bonus tracks to try and sell this game all over again.
We'll see.
But there you go for music game news.
I liked Theatrhythm when I played it.
I did too.
My only problem with Theatrhythm was that, I don't know, it was a bit expensive for me.
But at least the iOS version, you could do a little more piecemeal.
Anyhow, if Curtain Call really is even more songs, that'll help justify the price tag.
Square likes money.
Who doesn't like money?
Alright, let's go to the classic game of the week.
Back when games were very expensive, no matter what it was you were buying.
Because they were all in cartridges.
Dark Sakura is going to go into the vault and find a game that she thinks that you kids should be playing this week.
Dark Sakura, what is the expensive cartridge classic game of the week?
It's Miracle Warriors, Seal of the Dark Lord for the Sega Master System.
And also, I'm sorry that I could not find a longer music sample.
All of the Let's Plays have freaking people talking over it.
It's fucking annoying.
I don't listen to the stupid thing to hear your voice.
I hear it. I watch it to watch the game.
Anyway, in Japan it was known as Hajanofuin, which is Seal of the Dark Lord.
And it came out on the PC-88 and then was ported to other systems.
Like I said, we got it on the Master System over here.
It's very similar to Phantasy Star.
It has this grid type map to show you where parts of interest are in the game.
And it also has this sort of traveling feature it looks like.
So basically in this game, you play the hero and you have different screens.
Well, different parts of your screen that indicate what you do in the game.
So you have to collect all these mystical weapons in the armor and defeat the bad guy named Tararim and Seal of the Dark Lord around.
So each of the areas on the screen, there's four parts.
You have your stats on the lower left and that also lists all your party stats.
And then on the right you have your money, your weapon, that type of thing.
You also have a kind of maze map on top that's more grid shaped that shows you where you are laid out.
And then you have sort of a walking section, the upper left one.
It'll either show you the world you're walking in or the cave that you're walking in and your surroundings.
In battle it shows you your foes.
So it is built on a grid format.
You can move around and visit other places.
It shows you where you need to be based on white squares that are there.
And it's a pretty classic RPG.
I mean this is one of the, I'd have to say one of the top ones for the Master System.
You also have different types of things that happen to you in the game.
There's flame spells that you can be attacked with, sleep spells, you know the usual ones.
And every time you're put to sleep you take damage which I think is a little bit different than a lot of RPGs.
It's all kinds of different strategies that you have to use to make it through the game.
And the world itself has three continents.
There's different types of land.
You have the plain, forest, mountains, and desert.
And each place of course has its own type of enemies that are indigenous to such land.
So you've got your towns too, you have smiths who can repair your weapons and healers and different shops.
And I mean it's typical RPG fare but it is one of the early ones.
So the game is Miracle Warriors Seal of the Dark Lord.
If you don't have it, why not?
Probably because not many people have a Master System anymore.
Yeah not anymore.
Find yourself a power-based converter, hook it into your Genesis, you're good to go.
There it is, your classic game of the week for the Sega Master System, Miracle Warriors.
Nice obscure pick, Dark Sakura.
That's kind of one I had to look into it a little more and I did watch some of those let's plays with the people talking and I was like, oh okay.
Dungeon Buster is actually funny.
Terror in the Dark Lord who is a half-naked demoness at the end of the game.
Did you have this game on Sega Master System?
I think I had two copies of this game.
Oh my gosh, is this something you came across later?
Keep in mind, Dan already had some of his games and he came into a box of Master System games for dirt cheap.
That's why we have, we will be doing, actually I was going to say we are going to be starting to sell off some of the collection.
So I'm going to give VOG listeners first chance whenever we put up an auction, I'm giving VOG listeners first go at it.
We will post it.
How are you going to do that? Twitter, Tumblr?
Forums.
So we just had a Ninja Gaiden, we actually still have Ninja Gaiden Trilogy up on eBay right now if you've got 300 bucks.
In the box manual mint condition.
Super rare game.
Super rare game.
But great game.
Yes.
If I knew it was going to go for that I would have stolen the copy that I rented from my local store when I was younger.
Well we also have Final Fight Guy which is probably going up soon.
Nice.
Alright we're going to take a quick break but we've got plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
The Frugal Question of the Week.
Some news on a new MOBA that's based off a familiar franchise.
A fan made movie which I'm sure will get shut down in a matter of time.
Rapid Fire News and your calls and tweets and so forth when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live on this Sunday evening September 8th 2013 with the 518th episode of our program.
Before we get back into some gaming news with Rapid Fire News I did want to mention and thank here on the program our good buddy Jason or VX JasonXV if you will.
I don't know if you guys noticed but there was a new voice in the intro tonight and you'll hear him in the outro as well.
Decided to be our voiceover guy because he was doing some of the VOG bumpers anyway so it made sense and I don't know if you know but before it was me kind of processed through Audition with an echo and slowed down.
What? It wasn't a real robot voiceover person.
Magic. It's magic so I always you know it was always a little bit silly so I'm trying something a little new so hopefully you guys like Jason's intro because I will say that takes commitment to do that because he basically has to kind of guess what we're going to talk about.
Guess what we're going to talk about and have it recorded by Saturday or Sunday and change it if I don't like it.
No but he's pretty good about being able to know what we're going to talk about on the show so big thanks to Jason and I should also thank because we really don't thank him enough and we've used this song for what freaking like eight years.
Midi Head did the intro the actual music that you hear in the background and the other announcer here at the top of the show.
Midi Head you know we had him on the show way back in the day because he was well known he did some of the songs that were in the DDR Xbox games.
So we'd had him back on the show back when we were all about DDR and I think he ended up having a song in 2DX as well if I remember correctly.
One of his remixes the In My Eyes remix or one of them was Jelly Kiss was in 2DX I think.
So big thanks to Midi Head and I don't plug him enough and he's still going to midihead.com I believe he does a lot of sounds and incidental stuff for actually for use for podcasting and so forth.
So if you like our intro maybe Midi Head can do something for you for a small fee.
Alright let's get back into some gaming news with rapid fire news and a lot of stuff tonight. Loki.
Yes so let's see as I was talking about with Rob and Jimmy earlier there was a Mass Effect texture pack for the Minecraft Xbox 360 version.
Now not only does it kind of reskin everything it also includes a level based off of the Mars facility.
So that's kind of cool and then you also get character skins along with that so you can play as your characters and create your own worlds and do all that fun stuff.
So check it out it's only $2 or I'm sorry $4 is what that's available for.
Totally forgot to check that out and I need to.
And then of course there's this cool device and actually kind of inspired I want to make something very similar I was actually researching how much it would cost to do something like this.
But it's called the cross plane kind of think of the Wii U's gamepad but you can use it with pretty much any game console.
So what it's going to have is basically the second screen it's got a small LCD screen that's HD and a wireless HDMI adapter built inside of it.
And then also these you know basically the same layout as the Wii U gamepad and it's got these cartridges that plug in the top that map the signal for whatever you're playing.
You know if you have an Xbox 360 version you know you have that you can play with the Xbox 360 or using your PC I guess with that.
And then they have a PlayStation 3 one which you could sync up with the PlayStation 3 or with an Ouya so they've got those.
And they're seeking $350,000 to begin production if you want to back one of these it would cost you $300 or $350 to actually get one of the cross play devices which should be available.
I think sometime next year which for me is way too damn long for me to wait to make you know buy something like that.
So I kind of want to make one my own but it's hard to finding a cheap and good wireless HDMI extender.
They do exist but it's hard to find them and I was trying to peek in their video to see what what they were using because I can see it but they move the camera too fast so I couldn't read what it was.
It looks cool though so that's on Kickstarter.
And then if you happen to like free games there's a free remake of Ultima 4 the Commodore 64 version that's on iOS.
And you can actually it has a little keyboard on it and everything and you can play the full game.
It's near 100% replica of the game.
And I guess it's free to download Ultima 4 C64.
So go check it out.
Downloading As We Speak.
Which is great because the Ultima game that they put out on iOS EA actually did one like a free to play game.
I didn't like it at all.
I couldn't get very far through it at all I just really didn't like it.
Looks neat.
Yeah I've seen a C64 emulators on iPhone already.
I don't know if it still exists.
I think so because I think it uses a lot of free to play games and things that they have the rights to.
But you know who am I to say no to a Commodore 64 experience in my pocket.
Yes.
Speaking of in your pocket there's a rumor going around that Infamous will be coming to the Vita.
Which you know shouldn't be a big surprise.
Infamous is huge for Sony.
We know that Second Son is going on right now.
But this is because of a recent Q&A that happened.
Where there was a Dual Shockers interview with the folks behind Infamous Second Son.
It was the director Nate Fox specifically that I guess got asked some question.
But kind of gave a misinterpreted answer.
But he said quote right now we're only talking about the PS4 game.
I would love to talk to you about any Vita related titles when or if the time comes.
That still seems a little bit non-committal to me.
But the reality is Infamous is a huge franchise for Sony.
I'm kind of thinking of course there's going to be something for the Vita.
Of course.
Even if it's not necessarily the same studio.
I mean that's what they did with Uncharted right?
I think that they'll have an Infamous game.
And I can see it coming out around the same time as Second Son too.
Just because it would be a good tie in.
You could like have like you take your PlayStation 4 character to you know that game or vice versa.
I would also think they would try to do like the remote play or something.
They would try to tie that feature in as well.
Did you hear the Final Fantasy XIV is supposed to be getting something like that on PlayStation 4.
Not to do too tangity but this sounded really awesome.
That they're talking about doing a remote play for the PlayStation 4 version.
It would be limited but it would allow you to do things like crafting and stuff.
It's pretty cool.
I don't see why you couldn't play the game.
I mean aside from being able to text chat and stuff.
I think it's just a resource.
Yeah the text chat and some of the other stuff is a resource hog so.
Just don't text chat. I never text chatted.
Well I liked having the ability to chat from my phone and wow.
True.
Doing stuff like that.
You still can yeah.
Well yeah but even though I don't have a subscription anymore.
But I mean I think that having more remote options for doing other stuff in the game.
Especially you know for things that you're trying to kill time with.
I think that's actually pretty good.
Very interesting rumors coming out of Microsoft with the whole you know their DRM features.
That originally rolled out and then they were just kidding.
You guys are really mad so we're not going to do that.
Well according to Xbox director Albert Piniello.
This ability to trade and loan digital games.
Which is going to be a part of this whole DRM restriction.
It could return at some point.
I'm not talking about the 24 hour check ins and all this.
Here's the quote in an interview from GameSpot.
Quote we were trying to implement the ability to trade and loan digital games with your friends.
Which is something that no one else was doing.
I believe in retrospect that people have calmed down and gone back and actually looked at what we said.
People are starting to understand wow they did want to actually allow me to loan and trade.
Which other digital ecosystems don't want to do.
And so yeah I think we need to do that.
I get a lot of mails saying God please bring back the family sharing.
We'd love to figure out how to bring that back.
I still think it was a good idea.
So kind of clinging to that idea that maybe something could come back.
But I'm assuming that would not include the 24 hour check ins.
Although as I was saying plenty of times before when this whole mess happened in the first place.
Why not just have a separate digital license does this stuff and the disc license does this stuff.
Done!
Because that would make sense.
So silly.
Peter Molyneux has his new game coming called Godus.
Not to be confused with the show at the Stardust in a famous movie.
But that's G-O-D-U-S. Godus is the game.
Maybe it's Godus.
Godus. Oh I like that. Godus.
Godus he was talking about the royalties because the guy who opened the box.
The curiosity box gets some royalties from the game.
But it's not going to be much.
It's between 1 and 5 percent.
They don't say exactly what it is.
But Godus will have offline play available.
And in his ever so eloquent style Peter Molyneux speaking with RPS Rock Paper Shotgun.
Mentioned that if he did come out and say that the game would always be online quote.
This red dot would appear on my forehead and I'd be sniped to death.
He does say though that playing online will allow for these other charming moments.
Such as syncing with a villagers social feed.
Isn't that what happens in Tiny Tower?
Kind of sounds like that.
He said quote my wife tweets and it comes up in the world.
It's a stupid feature. It's just a piece of text.
But you end up caring for your little people because they love you so much.
Godus will be out on Steam September 13th.
And there will be an iPad version at the end of October and Android version soon after that.
And you can smoke some of the crack that Peter Molyneux is smoking himself.
No in all reality I do kind of want to check it out because I did like black and white.
I liked Populous from back in the day.
So I feel like I should check it out.
As soon as that kind of game would be up your alley.
Yeah it is.
Especially when I liked Civ so much in the original Sim City.
I mean I do feel like I need to check it out.
Godus.
Godus.
Dark Saga.
Well we have some Assassin's Creed news.
They basically have for the Vita Assassin's Creed 3 liberation is supposed to be re-released on other systems.
They're looking like PC, PSN and Xbox Live launches.
Probably likely.
And also on the list was Assassin's Creed Pirates.
Excuse me.
And then Ubisoft was also going to have another tie in for Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag.
So that's for Assassin's Creed fans.
Good news.
Also EA has six to eight new IPs going on.
They are going to definitely do more sequels for The Sims.
I was watching some of the stuff on Sims 4 stuff.
As long as they fixed that memory issue I might be down for that because I liked some Sims.
Need for Speed, Battlefield, FIFA.
Titanfall was the only new name.
But they were also indicating that there's new Star Wars and Mirror's Edge 2.
They are basically working on trying to take the IPs that people like and give them new life.
Still nothing on another Mass Effect.
Well, but the team behind the original Mass Effect is doing one of those new IPs. Don't forget.
I know. That means it won't suck.
Maybe. Depends on the writing.
Anyway, and also for fans of Monster Hunter 4, in the direct that came out there are going to be outfits available in the game for Mario, Link and Luigi.
So if you like running around looking like other Nintendo characters you can do it in the new Monster Hunter.
And they actually said that it appeared in the video that they showed that the Mario and Luigi outfits were for the Mario and Luigi Dream Team outfits.
They have hammers and that the Link outfit has the Master Sword and the bow from Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess.
Also, you can download the Mario and Luigi costumes at 7-Elevens in Japan, but 7-Elevens in America are not cool enough to do it.
The end.
Well, are we even getting Monster Hunter 4 here? I don't think so.
Not yet.
Not yet? Be a little while?
Probably next year.
How did the Wii U Monster Hunter sell? Didn't it do alright?
Not good, I don't think.
That's too bad.
I don't think any Wii U titles sold well already, I mean.
But, yeah, probably not good.
Alright, we're going to get to the Fugu question of the week. I just want to address real quickly though, because some people in chat were asking if I'm okay.
Yeah, I'm recovering from Con Crud the sequel.
When I got back from Dragon Con I felt fine for a couple days, but probably around Thursday it really started to hit me.
Unlike the Con Crud I got at GamerX, this one didn't come with a fever.
So I haven't had high temperatures, but definitely the coughing, the snifflies, and all that crap.
So if I'm sounding a little out of it tonight, that is why, so I apologize.
That kind of stuff is really not a Radio Guy's best friend.
But what can you do? Let's go to the Fugu question of the week.
Take Facebook, take Google+, smoosh them together, you get Fugu.
And tonight's Fugu question of the week is about the Mighty No. 9 Kickstarter. Don't call it Mega Man.
We talked about it earlier in the show, and here's the question we asked quite plainly.
Tell us if you back the Kickstarter, or plan to, or not, and why.
We just kind of wanted to know where you guys' heads were at with this.
Redertainment responded on Google+, and said no, due to my pursuit of Project Buy a House.
Act Def said, I'm definitely backing this Kickstarter when I get the money.
I want to do $175 US dollars for the plushie tier.
And well, Inafune wants to give what Mega Man fans want, and I support that.
And there's an all-star team behind it, so I do have high hopes for it.
There's a yes and a no from Google+.
Let's go over to Fugu, excuse me, Facebook, part of Fugu.
I apologize for the Facebook noises, I really thought I turned those off.
Going to a comment from Rene, over from Cooper Club.
He says, I didn't back this Kickstarter because I didn't find out about it until just after it met its Kickstarter goal.
But now I really want to.
They still got the stretch goals, and for what, another 22 days, you can still basically pre-order the game.
Elliot B says, considering the talent involved, I reckon this particular Kickstarter is more likely to bear fruit than most.
That said, I never really got quite the appeal of Mega Man, so I guess I'll pass.
That's kind of surprising.
Well, I mean, I shouldn't say it that way.
I mean, some people just don't like certain games that may be popular otherwise, but I find it interesting that he's like,
yeah, it's a bunch of talented people, but eh, not my type of game.
Mason D said, HD2D art, the track record of the people involved, it seemed like a no-brainer.
Bumble D said, I'm going to pre-order the digital copy of the game this weekend.
It reminded me how much time I killed playing Mega Man 1 through 6 back in the NES days.
I recently bought the Mega Man X collection just to re-sharpen my skills for when this comes out.
Burr replied on Facebook and said, I didn't back this Kickstarter because I knew it would succeed anyway.
I try to back things that need the push over the finish line.
In this case, I can sit back and wait to see the reviews before taking the plunge.
I'm also a bit apprehensive about supporting something so similar to an existing IP
and wish people would have given attention to a more original idea like Ravensdale.
That's a very interesting perspective where he's kind of saying, or at least what I'm getting out of this is,
these guys didn't need the money.
Interesting.
Critical Myth says, no, but I prefer to get opinions on the final product first.
There have been plenty of great ideas that wound up having poor execution or unforeseen roadblocks.
Raginator says, nope, just because.
Daniel S. replied and said, I haven't heard of this until just now.
And then said, dude, this looks amaze balls.
A little bit Mega Man and a little bit Meta Bots, I'm in.
Also, screw Capcom for not letting Inafune make Mega Man games.
Here's something to think about, though, just to kind of go off of that point a little bit.
Since you're really excited about how it looks, something to consider is,
if he had been able to make a new Mega Man game, would we have got this?
And could this be better?
Just something to think about.
Monty Boggs replied on Facebook and said, yes, he backed it,
because I wanted to see the Mega Man games evolve
and I want them to achieve the stretch goal and put it on consoles.
This should also show Capcom that people want these games
and they've been dropping the ball, otherwise this Kickstarter wouldn't exist or succeed.
Ryan B. replied and said, no, he didn't back it, though I do want to, because I'm poor.
Hitstun replied and said, this could be the project that finally gets me to create a Kickstarter account.
I want the game to be good, but I'm on the fence about throwing money at it.
I typically don't buy a game until I see the finished product in motion.
So there's the answers from Facebook and Google Plus.
And I think you pretty much heard what we had to say about it earlier,
but I thought we would see a lot more of, yes, I was throwing my money at it,
I was rubbing my credit card at the screen,
but I found that there's a lot more of you out there that are kind of like,
yeah, we'll wait and see when the finished game's out.
I'll wait for the reviews. I'll check it out then.
They don't need my money right now. I'll give it to them later.
So I was kind of surprised by that, but in a good way.
So there you go, our FUGL question of the week.
Let's move on with some more gaming news. Loki.
All right. So let's talk a little bit about disappointment.
And the disappointment I have that such an awesome concept as the Aluma Room is not going to happen.
And it kind of makes sense because I was like, wow, that looks really cool,
but how the hell are they going to pull that off without it being incredibly expensive?
Well, the problem is they never figured out a way to do that.
So it would cost thousands of dollars at implement because it does require a nice HD projector
and a really specific setup because who has an HD projector attached to the ceiling
and an extra connect sensor attached to that and just not going to work.
So unfortunately, they said, you know, hey, it was a very it's it's very, very cool tech,
but it's like for a consumer, it will requires a projector and things.
It's really super neat if you're in the lab and you've got Microsoft money and you can set this up.
But we looked at it for an average consumer. It's like thousands of dollars.
So unfortunately, it's not going to go beyond proof of concept.
I say right now, but I think later on, maybe when that technology comes down in price a lot,
maybe like in three, four years, we might see something like that.
That's kind of where my head's at, because all technology comes down in price eventually.
Yes. So it might be thousands of dollars now.
But this is something maybe this is technology we're looking at for the Xbox two or whatever is.
God, I can't believe we're here. We are already talking about the next Xbox.
The new one's not even out yet. But, you know, this could be something that happens with whatever Xbox.
Just pick a random number to be like Xbox fifty seven or something like that.
Xbox thirty seven. You'll buy them all in a row.
They stack up in a row to create a giant Voltron.
All right. Well, for those of you that are upgrading to a new Xbox, maybe you'll be happy about these programs.
And we touched on this a little bit in the last show,
but now some more details coming out about who is going to allow you to upgrade to your Xbox one games.
Cheap Best Buy is one of them.
Best Buy is going to be rolling out a program that will offer ten dollar next gen upgrades.
GameStop and Amazon already had these programs in place.
Eligible games include FIFA 14, Assassin's Creed 4, Black Flag, Call of Duty, Ghost, Battlefield 4 and Watch Dogs.
This is interesting, though, what you have to do.
If you purchase one of the games within a set period after its release,
you'll be given a ten dollar coupon to put towards the Xbox one incarnation.
When you want to upgrade, you do the coupon and the game and then Best Buy gives you forty dollar credit,
reducing the final cost of the Xbox one game to ten dollars.
So it's this whole...
It seems weird.
It is a little bit weird, but it's like you get the coupon and then you get the value of the trade game and then you...
So if you don't use the coupon, then you get ten dollars off another game later on? Is that how that works?
I suppose you could do it that way. I don't know.
That just seems confusing.
Well, but then it says towards the game's Xbox one incarnation. I don't know, whatever.
What if I'm upgrading from say, like, uh...
How many people is this really going to affect?
I mean, if it's only for a certain period of time, either you're buying the one this year or you're not.
What if I wanted to upgrade from say, like, you know, I don't know, Disney Planes to like, say, Rise.
Is that an upgrade that I can do?
I don't think you can do that, Loki. I'm sorry to say.
What about like, you know, I don't know, Ben 10 Galactic Racing to Forza 5?
Because that's technically an upgrade. It's still driving.
Alright, look, I just wanted to add that the Microsoft store is doing this deal as well.
They will also be doing Xbox One games for $10 when you trade in 360 copies.
The titles include NFL Madden 25, Battlefield 4 Need for Speed Rivals, Call of Duty Ghosts, NBA 2K14, FIFA 14, and Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag.
All you have to do for this one, you bring the game to a Microsoft store and you get the Xbox One copy for $10.
Just throwing it out there, Watch Dogs not apparently on the list for the Microsoft store.
So if you're going to be participating in these programs for whatever reason, you better look at what games what stores are taking.
So, but now you have, what, three, four options? GameStop, Best Buy, Amazon, Microsoft Store.
I have one word for the whole thing.
What?
Blah!
Well, yeah, my whole thing is like, either you're getting the one this year or you're not.
If this program continues into next year, alright, well then I get it.
Yeah, but if it's such that, such a small window, just maybe, I don't know, here's a thought.
Wait a little bit.
Like, for example, like, if Grand Theft Auto 5, well, okay, no, that's a bad example because I wouldn't be able to wait for Grand Theft Auto 5.
But let's just say like Saints Row 4 was coming out on the PlayStation 4 or something.
It'd be like a really super awesome upgraded version or something.
I probably wouldn't have bought the game, you know, on PlayStation, well, I definitely didn't buy it on PlayStation 3.
So why would I, you know, buy one version of the game?
Or, I mean, it's even worse when they're talking about, like, Assassin's Creed that's literally coming out a month before.
Just wait and just pay, you know, pay the same amount of money that you would have bought, you know, the current gen version for.
Alright, let's move on with some new game news, right, DarkSakura?
Yes, we do have some new game news.
A, DungeonMuster just said, actually in chat, that ShameStop dropped the price for Xenoblade down to 65 bucks.
What a deal!
$65, that's still...
Could that, you're telling me nobody was buying it for 90 because they were just all downloading it from the internet?
I mean, just saying.
There's a new battle arena game online and it's King of Fighters.
Hmm.
Very weird.
It's actually in a closed beta in Thailand and I hate Destructoid, sorry, on my tablet, I hate it on my tablet.
I like this site, I hate it on my tablet.
Fix your tablet version, seriously.
And yeah, it's a MOBA.
They've done some weird stuff with, you know, King of Fighters.
Remember that they had a SHMUP game that was with King of Fighters?
Yes, that was awesome though.
It's weird though, I mean...
Well, so far the characters that are revealed have been Kyo, Iori, Joe, Griffin, and Terry.
So, and it's being developed by Dragonfly.
It's kind of cute in a way because, you know, you look at a game like League of Legends, it's all about the heroes, and you have to select one of the heroes, right?
Or the stupid Marvel game.
A fighting game lends itself very well to that.
Yeah.
Well, the Marvel game's more like a Diablo dungeon crawler than it is a MOBA.
It's not all that fun.
MOBA's a very kind of growing genre of games though.
You know, you have League of Legends, then you have DOTA is the other big one, and now you've seen some more pop up, like the heroes in New Earth is one.
You know, there's more and more, so...
Because League of Legends does very well.
Lots and lots of people play in that game or have played it at some point, so...
Yeah, as long as they've changed their passwords now.
Remember, they were going after old data, so the password could be used other places.
That is very true, be careful.
So, wow, I wish I could try this out at least, but just have to wait for it to float its way over here from Thailand.
Oh well.
Through the inner tubes, through unofficial translation patches.
The same way the rest of us played Ragnarok back in the day.
Who would be your hero in a King of Fighter MOBA?
It'd be Leona.
That's who I play every time I play the damn game.
Mine would have to be Kim Kap Wan, because that's who I loved in the game, or of course Mai.
Yeah, what is your dream team?
That was always my team.
Of three?
Yeah.
And a striker.
Kim Kap Wan, Mai, and Joe Higashi.
Who would be your striker?
I forget, who are the strikers?
You can pick any character as a striker, because you're a call-in person.
I'm thinking...
I don't know, come back, I always think about, I always go back to CVS.
Answer hazy, try again later.
I always go back to CVS and think about that.
Shit, I don't know, Andy Bogard.
I liked Andy.
My team was always Leona, Mai, and Athena.
Of course, a girl power team.
Or Yuri, with one of them being a striker.
So I would go between, because Yuri had the fine butt attack.
Was King in King of Fighters?
Yes, King was in King of Fighters.
That would be my striker, I liked King.
King was awesome.
Alright.
What about you, Loki?
I never played the game.
See?
What?
It was free on PlayStation Plus, one of the newer ones.
Yeah, so I checked it out a while back.
Anyway.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Alright, so I've got some Kickstarter information.
It's kind of a combination of Kickstarter and Ouya.
So Ouya's got this, I don't know what you'd call it, campaign that they're doing right now,
called the Free the Games campaign.
Basically, they're offering a million dollars, or they have this million dollar fund,
that they are matching Kickstarter, or Kickstarted games for the Ouya.
They're matching them up to, I think, $50,000.
Might be more than that.
But basically, the stipulations are that the game has to be exclusively for the Ouya.
It has to have a minimum goal of $50,000.
And I think that, I want to say that $50,000 might have been the, I think it actually goes up from there.
I think $50,000 is not the cap on that.
But anyway, so they're going to match funding.
Well, two games so far have reached their funding targets.
This game called Gridiron Thunder and Elementary My Dear Homes.
Well, there's a little bit of a problem with that.
The two games, as a lot of people were kind of looking at, had some fishy information regarding them.
For example, Gridiron Thunder, which is a football game, had several backers.
They had basically less backers than were on, like for example, less backers than there were, the money funded.
So it would have basically averaged out to about $626 per backer, would have been the average price.
So there was backers on there that were pledging tens of thousands of dollars at a time.
And you could see it, even if you look at Kick Track, you can see these spike days that they like earned $40,000 or something on it.
And that was a little fishy, being that, you know, basically the thought is,
okay, so there's a guy who creates a Kickstarter, you know, has people back it or whatever.
Who matches that and then they take the money and run, kind of thing.
Well, it's even gone further. Elementary My Dear Homes had a bunch of fake, or I should say,
made up people that were one time backers that were backing this project, including made up characters, celebrities,
a person that's been kidnapped, and just all sorts of weird stuff.
Is that interference from people related to the game, or is that like a 4chan prank?
I think it's people that are related to the game that are backing their own projects so that they put basically,
okay, the project's $50,000, I put in $50,000 of my own money, I get 10% of that taken out or whatever from Kickstarter and Amazon.
And I get another $50,000 from Ouya.
Oh, this is one of those, I gotta make sure I meet my goals. Well, then go Indiegogo.
Well, here's the thing though, it's not that, it's they're getting money matched from Ouya.
And what they're gonna do basically is they're getting free money and then they're going to either create a really shoddy game,
you know, or they're just gonna take the money and leave, you know, type thing.
So, however, the Elementary My Dear Homes has been suspended.
It hit its funding goal of $50,000 and it was currently at $58,770 and it's been suspended because of suspicious accounts.
So yeah, so it sounds like, you know, they were trying to scam it.
And there's a lot of conspiracy theories about it.
They're saying, well, it's, I'm not so sure about the Elementary My Dear Homes one,
but the other one that Ouya is actually kicking money in there because they want to make it look like these games are being successful and stuff.
And I don't know, it's weird, but yeah, Kickstarter, there's a lot of shady stuff that goes on there.
You don't say.
Yeah, and speaking of-
When there's a way to make money on the internet, shady things happen, get out.
Yeah, I know. Speaking of which, remember how I talked about, it was months ago, about that nine-year-old-
I have to say this real quick.
sj100mattinchat at live.vognetwork.com says,
heaven help us if the Nigerian internet scammers make it to Kickstarter unless they're already there.
Well, speaking of internet scams.
Yes, speaking of scams, there was, remember that nine-year-old, there was a Kickstarter,
it was that nine-year-old wants to make her first RPG because her brother said that she can't do this and this whole STEM thing.
I went into detail about it, about how she didn't really need the money because her mom's like a millionaire,
and that's beside the point, but she said originally it was to go to this RPG camp,
and then the camp was canceled, so she was going to MIT or something.
Oh, now the money's for a laptop.
Oh, well, then she got a laptop gifted to her from Alienware and Dell.
Oh, well, now the money's for something, and it was an RPG Maker game.
Well, guess what? The date that that game was supposed to be released came and gone,
and no real updates, and they've kind of all disappeared.
So, once again, people called it a scam.
They got called out, the creators called them trolls.
All the internet people that ran it, Kotaku and some other ones,
defended the Kickstarter people and said, oh, yeah, all those people that are ganging up against that nine-year-old,
they're just trolling them and stuff like that.
Well, are they out here now to say that, well, maybe they were right because they didn't come up with anything.
No, because it failing isn't newsworthy.
No, it didn't fail. They succeeded.
I mean, sorry, it failing to produce isn't newsworthy.
Yes, so basically she got $28,000 for doing nothing.
So, yeah.
Wow. Well, hope it pays for college and not for, you know, trips to Headey.
I want someone to pay for my college.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Yeah, really.
I want someone to pay for me to get additional classes in my profession. That would be nice.
All right, let's move on with another story.
Well, somebody's going to be getting a lot of money, and that's, I wouldn't mind having $15 million in damages,
and that is a lawsuit with Microsoft versus Motorola Mobility.
This is a long-running lawsuit surrounding patent infringement.
Jury ruled in favor of Microsoft.
Microsoft gets $15 million because the Xbox 360 console, it was ruled last year,
it infringed on four of Motorola's patents surrounding video decoding, Wi-Fi technology.
But earlier this year, that decision was overturned, and the same judge cleared Microsoft of the infringement.
Now, a district court jury decided that it was Motorola that breached its agreements with Microsoft.
Because Motorola was not providing the patent licenses for fair and reasonable terms, this is why Microsoft got the damages.
I can't imagine that this is going to be over by any stretch of the imagination.
Is this shit going to go to the Supreme Court? Is that what's going to happen?
I'm really surprised the two didn't settle.
That's what always happens in this shit. There's always a settlement.
Yeah, I went to jury, and the jury awarded it to Microsoft, saying that, nope, it's Motorola's fault because they weren't allowing Microsoft to have it reasonably.
I'm sure this is not the last of it.
No, probably not. I think, in some cases, trying to push things through to an actual jury trial is a way to set a precedent.
Yeah.
Alright. Well, we're going to allow you to set some precedents on our show right now with the emails that you send us.
Every week you guys send us mailbags, or not, to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Bags of mails? Ooh.
So Dark Soccer's going to jump in the mailbag and see the flood of email awaiting us tonight.
More like the drippy one.
In the two weeks we were off...
Yeah, we got one email.
And I'm saying drippy not because of the person, but because it's like, drip, drip, drip.
You open the bag to dump it out and one little email came floating down.
Hi everyone at OLR.
Hi.
Rob.
What? The listeners say hi, I gotta say hi back.
Do you paraphrase Final Fantasy VII since you love it so much?
Sit your ass down in that chair and eat your goddamn Ricola.
Hearts, hearts.
I actually came with like a bucket of Ricolas and...
I'm actually very thankful.
It's your favorite person in the whole world.
He did a face.
Raginator.
As you probably remember, Sony officially retired the PS2 earlier this year after a 12 year...
Well, he said ear run, but I think he means ear.
I think it's safe to say that in terms of the last gen systems, the PS2 was the leading favorite and most people had it.
Either as a primary console or a secondary, or even just as a DVD player that just so happened to play games.
All that being said, I'd like to pose a question to the three of you and to the chat room as well.
Those of you who had a PS2, do you have any fond memories revolving around the PS2 and if so, what were they?
Getting my JPS2 and playing the hell out of Beatmania 2DX?
You stole my damn answer. I would say getting the Japanese PlayStation 2, which I owned before a US PlayStation 2, and playing the shit out of Beatmania 2DX.
Bam.
Fist bump.
Yep.
Loki, PlayStation 2 memories?
Uh...
I'm my HD loader in the...
Actually, I'd say... when was the first thing I got on PlayStation 2?
Well, I got Armored Core was one of the first games in there.
I'd say probably like, uh...
Grand Theft Auto... well, that was PlayStation 1.
No, no, that was PlayStation 2. Grand Theft Auto 3?
Yeah, Vice City and all that was PlayStation 2.
Yeah.
Goddammit.
Don't die.
Also, playing music games online with DDR and Amplitude was good times.
You know what I did like?
Not having to do the button trick every time I wanted to put in that pen CD for Beatmania.
So it was actually a way to play my old 5-key Beatmania stuff.
I also just had... well, you know how many import PlayStation 1 games I had.
It was nice not having to rely on a separate device.
We'd just have to change the plugs and bam, there it was, you know.
But, um...
Yeah, I really... I really have to say I had a lot...
Even though I still laugh my ass off to this day with the Dreamcast vs. PS2 video that was online.
What a disappointment video.
You remember that one?
I do. You've done it as a cookie here on the shelves before, yeah.
That was great.
So, um... moving on.
Now, as a secondary closing topic, I'd like to get some information from you three if possible.
Well, that's what we do a show for.
We charge.
By the hour.
I've been mulling over some notion of starting my own business,
specifically an arcade that primarily focuses on games spanning from the late 1970s to the early 2000s,
with a few music games like DDR thrown in for good measure for a good 10 years now.
The main hurdle is that I know virtually nothing about the subject of starting up and running a business.
I know that there are some basics, like having to lease retail space, pay for utilities,
needing to incorporate the business, possibly filing for either loans and or grants,
buying necessities for the business in case of PC for business purposes, and of course the arcade games.
But that's the extent of what I know.
That being said, what advice can you give regarding this?
And yes, I know that arcades are pretty much dead, but I'm confident that I can make this work.
Any info that you have would be provided would be greatly appreciated, and thank you in advance.
This email is brought to you by Mr. Hanky the Christmas Poo. Hey!
I will give some very blunt, frank advice with the whole business.
I've never started a business, so I honestly couldn't tell you like some insider secret.
We've run one. Dan and I have.
Well, this is my advice. Maybe you will agree or you won't agree.
My advice is you need to take a class or read a book on starting your own business,
and if you don't have the time to do that or the money to do that, then you don't have the time or the money to start your own business.
Exactly. That being said, Dan went into business with the lady that used to be one of the owners of video game swappers locally here.
And so in that case, there was already the space. There was already the inventory.
We put up a lot of our own games, too. All of our Dragon Ball Z figures, my old manga.
We sold a lot of our own stuff.
The big thing is that if you've got the space and the stuff in that you need to get the business license,
and before you need the business license, you need to look up what the local laws are.
You need to make sure that you don't have to have just a county business license.
You may have to have a city license.
For me as a massage therapist, I had to have a county and city license.
In some cases, you need a state license.
So like I said, I've been on multiple sides of this.
I agree with Rob. You should really take a business class.
In some cases, a lot of it is fairly common sense.
You can figure it out if you've got that kind of logical mind,
but you really do need to know the legalities of it before you remotely put down any money,
before you remotely look for any sponsors.
We're still trying to start VOG as a legitimate business
so we can do some of these things like sell t-shirts
and some of the other things you guys have been asking for,
and it's not easy to make sure we do it right.
Especially in our case, we're looking at a multinational type of thing.
There's a lot of stuff that goes into it,
but you're going to have to have your fictitious name for your business.
It's the name that goes on your business license, and then it is registered to you.
From that point on, any of your accounts are going to be registered in that fictitious name,
being your bank account, being any savings associated with it, paying your taxes.
You're going to need an accountant, that's for damn sure.
It's a lot of money that goes into running a business, and I don't suggest doing it by yourself.
Yeah, that's great advice too. Find a business partner.
Just be careful with that idea. A lot of people lose a lot of money on that.
Arcades are dying, and you're not going to save them alone.
But if you have a good idea, you never know what might happen.
What's going to be the thing that draws people to your arcade when they can play games at home?
Is that going to be that you do kick-ass birthday parties?
Do you sell booze?
That's what Dave & Buster's is doing.
Well, that's what a lot of these retro arcades do.
Well, the other thing to also, and this just occurred to me too, is that especially in regards to...
God, I forgot what I was going to say.
Because I know it's a big thing too, is you need to make sure that not only do you check with the legality behind it,
you also check with not just the legality behind getting the license,
but the legalities around how you handle your money with the place.
Keep in mind that any, I think the rule of thumb is that any business is expected to lose money in its first five years before it turns a profit.
Also check with your local, you know, wherever you have to register through.
There are first-time business startup plans that can help you with this.
A lot of places have a complete checklist on their, you know, be it county, be it city website, that's going to show you what to do.
So you've got the information out there, but I think you've done a lot of research clearly.
I think the best thing for you to do is look at everything that you need, make yourself an outline, and make yourself a timeline.
And make sure that you have, that if there's any cost associated with whatever is coming up on your timeline,
that you have that money by then, and that you've got some extra.
Now fifth dream in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, there's a novel idea, arcade and strippers.
Now that's something that hasn't been done, that could have, but then again, a whole other set of laws that come when you have titties out in the open.
I will tell you this, you know, it's incredibly stupid.
What?
Is that in San Francisco, if I was going to be a massage therapist there, I would actually have to have an adult entertainment license.
To do massage.
So you could do topless massage?
No. They treat, this is so stupid, they treat the massage, the massage and holistic health industry as adult entertainment.
So fucking stupid.
It's not like there's any shortage of adult entertainment in San Francisco.
It's the whole happy ending thing that's ruined it for all of us.
They talked about that day one in massage school. I can't do it anymore because of my hand.
Aww, happy ending?
No!
You're so mean. Alright, is that it for the email?
I like the video where the happy ending is just parties and clapping.
Yes, me too.
That was funny.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to give Jamie some work for a future week.
In the meantime though, it's time for the FUs of the Week.
Why? I don't know.
I have a big FU to the person who was driving the not so fresh El Camino in the rain the other day on my street, zipped around the corner and nearly ran into Dan's car.
So yeah, don't speed on the damn road when it's raining. Don't speed through a neighborhood.
You are the lowest of low. There's a special place in hell for you if I believed in hell.
And you know what? I might just believe in hell for the vague reason that you might go there.
You're gonna make an exception.
I'll make an exception.
Uh, FU to having to coordinate shipping Grand Theft Auto V.
As much as I can't wait to play the game, it's gonna be a fucking nightmare. It's like Call of Duty two times this year instead of once.
My FU of the Week goes to being sick again from a convention. It's not like I don't wash my hands and drink vitamin C and all the things you're supposed to do.
It's all the other people that don't.
Yeah, it's all the other people. That's what it is. Other people's fault. Never my fault.
Rob. What?
You do know the theory goes that doing all of those extra preventative measures might actually weaken your immune system to fighting off colds?
Weren't you the one telling me to take zinc when I went?
I was telling you to take zinc, but regardless of that, you know, people rely on that stuff too much instead of making themselves stronger.
I just wouldn't say an FU to being sick. It's awfully inconvenient.
Instead of washing your hands when you get done at the con, you just lick them clean. And then you'll feel much better later on.
You're such an asshole.
I'm serious. This is really draining me. I'm really having to push to finish the show tonight.
Thank God we only have two more stories and then we get into Twitter topics and calls and then we're done.
Don't get me wrong. I love doing this show and I love all you guys that turn out to listen.
I should have brought you some soup, Rob. I'm sorry.
Oh no. Why would you apologize for not buying me something?
Because I do nice stuff for people and I feel bad when it occurs to me after the fact.
You know what I'm going to do right now? I'm going to go fix myself an emergency while Loki does this next story.
Okay.
So that oft rumor that, hey, there's going to be another TimeSplitters game is finally true.
There is going to be another TimeSplitters game. It's not going to be new necessarily. It's TimeSplitters Rewind.
It's basically a, I guess they're saying the ragtag team of fans constructing the game.
And they're going to start on developing a PlayStation 4 version of the game.
And they said, you know, we actually are going to go ahead and start development of TimeSplitters Rewind on PlayStation 4.
We're pretty confident Crytek's going to say go ahead and do it.
But we don't want them saying go ahead and do it when we're caught with our pants down.
Like we're halfway through development.
So Crytek, I guess they've approved the PC version of the game.
And I guess that's going through some testing right now as well.
But not really approved, I guess, the PlayStation 4 version yet.
But hey, I don't care. PC version's good enough for me.
Kids like PCs.
Exactly. So, I don't know.
You know, TimeSplitters kind of HD, I guess, with all the crazy stuff in there.
I could dig that.
Oh, thank you. DarkSakura's giving me more Ricola.
I'm saving away from my ride home.
You're taking pity on me.
Trust me, I buy huge, massive bags of Ricolas.
I would feel guilty if I got one of you guys sick, though.
But I've got to be past that point. I never really had a fever.
But anyhow, Final Fantasy VI.
I know we talked earlier about Final Fantasy VII being the anniversary.
Oh, actually, sorry. We did that during the music break, so the podcasters didn't hear that.
But Final Fantasy VII is 17 years old as of yesterday, right?
But one game that's still near and dear to people's hearts is Final Fantasy VI.
And what's interesting is that there's a fan-made Final Fantasy VI movie being made.
It's called Final Fantasy Terra.
And it's being made, you know, for an amateur film, it's pretty well-made, you know?
It's amazing what people can do with their phones and HD cameras.
I don't think anyone needs filming that with their phones.
You know what I mean, though? But I'm just saying in general, you have HD cameras on your phone,
you know, just spend another thousand or two dollars and you get these fancy cameras that are capable of a lot.
So anyway, the group that's producing it is Bad Pixel, and there's actually a trailer that's out there that you can see.
They are actually pitching the idea to Square Enix to try to get permission to proceed with development.
If that is successful, they're going to turn to Kickstarter to raise the funds to actually make the film.
There's a whole part about Square Enix screenlining it, though. I don't think that's going to happen in a million years. Sorry.
Well, at least they're going the correct route instead of let's go ahead and do it on Kickstarter and wait for it to get shut down.
Right.
Rather than, you know, let's ask permission first and then...
Right. So, yeah, at least they're going about it that way.
But, yeah, I just, you know, when they shut down that Chrono Trigger remake project and, you know, they're very protective of their IPs.
I just kind of don't see this happening. You know, they want to do...they have, what, Advent Children.
They have the spirits within. They kind of want to make their movies animated, and I don't know, they just...
Final Fantasy VI is a pretty precious franchise, and I think it's still due for a remake at some point, isn't it?
Because V got its remake on iOS. Shouldn't VI get something? Maybe they're saving it for something big. Who knows?
But, good luck to these guys. I'm not saying I don't want to see it happen, but I just...I don't know.
I just kind of think Square Enix isn't going to give it permission, but props to you guys for creating the impressive trailer that you did.
That is our last story for tonight, so that's the point where we're going to open up our Skype line and see if we get any calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Again, that's Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, on Skype.
We do still have the 800 number as well. 1-877-GAME-OLR, or of course, again, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
So that is open now for your calls. If you want to talk to us about anything we've talked about tonight, or possibly a different topic, we will get to that.
In the meantime, last minute stories. I don't know if we have anything, Loki?
Nah, I don't have anything.
Really?
At least not yet.
I think we covered a lot of stuff during the show.
Yeah, there's just not a whole ton of new stuff right now.
Especially no stories about Grand Theft Auto 5 leaking out there on the internet, unfortunately.
Oh, has it leaked?
No, I said it has not. Unfortunately it has not, yeah.
Alright, well I do have a few, oh, we have a call coming in, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Ron Moon. We're going to make sure the Skype line does not crap out on anybody tonight.
Let's hope.
Hang up after a few seconds.
I know, you gotta last 20 seconds to beat your call into Bobby's show. What's up?
Not much. I have my stopwatch ready, but Rob, as someone who's been going to cons for about 15 years,
I'm going to give you a basic homemade remedy that should fix things up for you.
Okay.
Black tea, two shots of honey, a bit of lemon, a little shot of vodka, half a shot, and two tablespoons of tussin. You'll be fine.
Ugh, tussin, ugh.
Actually, just raw honey is really, really good for all that. Raw honey.
I've been trying to drink tea, so yeah, no, I don't, man, it's just weird that it's happening after every convention that I go to, so I just, yeah, irritating.
Well, the more conventions you go to, your comp plague immunity builds up, so.
Yeah, I guess that's true. Well, congrats, you made it a full minute, so apparently it was your connection with Bobby
that was not appreciated by Skype. What else is on your mind, buddy?
I want to go back to about two weeks ago when I called you out by accident about DuckTales.
Yeah.
Okay. I mean, I understand your issues with the game, with the sound and the cutscenes and so forth.
I mean, personally, I guess because I bought it for, I got it for PS3, I didn't have any issues with the sound, the voices, but with the cinematic sequences,
I really enjoyed it. It felt like as if I was just watching, like, a five-part miniseries just as I'm going through every stage.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't, I think at the end of the day, I did recommend the game. I just kind of thought, like, there wasn't enough action before those sequences would consistently break things up.
That was one thing that kind of irritated me, and I guess in some regards, that is true, the NES version had some of that too,
but I don't know, it just felt like the action kept being interrupted on the newer one. That was just what really bugged me.
I guess, but I do remember from the original NES game, there were maybe about two or three cutscenes.
All the cutscenes just turned into, like, a brand-new movie or something, and as I'm playing through the game, I'm like,
I remember this area, that area, I know what's over there, this, this, this, this, and that,
and I noticed, like, the extra perks that they threw in and stuff like that make the game awesome.
Sound production issues aside, it is a great love letter to the cartoon that many people grew up on,
so I can see why people that really loved DuckTales growing up, which, by the way, was a cartoon I didn't watch as much of as some of my peers,
I can see why you've got to play this game at least once.
Yeah, my only issue is the fact that I had to go to Shame Stop to pick up the Collector's Edition.
Come to find out that certain target locations had it.
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
But at least you got the pin.
Yes, I did, and it's sitting on my shelf in the case.
Next time you go to a Disney park, you can wear it.
Damn right.
There you go.
All right, well, Rama, buddy, any other comments or questions for us tonight?
Quick funny thing, this was at my old job, and my supervisor was a big DuckTales fan,
and he would repeat this line from one of the episodes where Scrooge was losing his mind about a sea monster ate his ice cream.
I turned around and looked at him and was, that was not his, this is along the lines of,
that was a sea monster, that was half his fortune.
He looked at me crazy, I'm like, go to YouTube.
He pulled up that episode, and that was the follow-up line to it, and he just gave me this look of how do you know that,
and I'm like, I have this odd tendency for odd pop culture cartoons and references like that.
Come on, I'm sure they screen DuckTales at 3 a.m. at some anime conventions, you get high and watch some, come on.
No, the only time you get high at anime conventions is somebody's doing Anime Hell Knight or something like that,
and you just sit there and you just lose your effing mind, and you chant for blue screen over and over.
Oh my gosh.
Rob, there are stories. We will have to talk offline, but I have some stories for you.
I'm sure, and they can, the listeners can hear some of those stories on Anime Jam Session.
Yes, and we're getting ready for our very first 21-plus anime convention this weekend.
Ooh, that sounds like it might be fun.
I have been told it's okay to walk around, um, bottomless, topless, alcohol without alcohol, because we have our own private beach.
Where the hell is this being held, Nevada?
No, uh, Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Oh, yeah, alright, yeah, makes sense. P-Town.
I get told that too.
Yeah, let me put it this way, I've never even been there, but I want to go.
I've heard a lot about it.
Alice, you join us next year.
We'll see, oh my god, my con budget, I'm like, between PAX East, uh, the Gamer X2, E3 hopefully, and Dragon Con 2014, I'm busy, bro.
Dude, don't even get me started on PAX East. I am ready with, my staff knows as soon as they hear about the hotels, you call, text, tweet, whatever, so I can jump to a computer and shank somebody for two rooms at the Westin.
Well, I'm praying that at least one of the VoG guys is able to get a room, and I can piggyback on that, because I'm pretty sure Travis and Bobby and Brad will all be hammering the phones the day those open up, so.
Remember, I'm also Team VoG, I got you, remember.
Alright.
I get the rooms, it comes to us first.
Oh, sorry, I was talking about Dragon Con, but yes, PAX East, PAX East, I will look you up, buddy.
Hell yeah, man.
Alright, I should let you go to get more calls, but take care, and everybody check out Anime Jam Session now, immediately following Electric Sisterhood, Tuesdays at VoG.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, later.
Bye.
1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And give us a call.
A couple tweets I'm getting here.
Let's see, some tweets from Tigerclaw tonight.
EA to close Battleforge next month.
Battleforge is one of EA's studios, and they are sadly going to be closed.
I'm trying to bring up the story to see what they made.
Oh, they were Play for Free.
Where are these guys?
That's too bad.
I'm trying to see what games they made, but I don't see anything in the list here, but they are closing at the end of October.
Never good to hear about people losing their jobs, so our thoughts go out to them.
Tigerclaw sends us one more tweet about the Halo designer calling out Hideo Kojima over the sexy comments.
Oh god, did you hear about Kojima's sexy comments?
Because it was creating quite the stir.
About Metal Gear Solid 5 and how Quiet needed to be more erotic so more people would cosplay her for Tokyo Game Show.
Really?
Yeah, he kind of put his foot in his mouth with that comment.
Kojima clarified with Polygon later he meant to say sexy, not erotic.
Well, okay.
I just think it was bad word choice all around.
I started to give him the benefit of the doubt.
I was like, is it maybe one of those things that's lost in translation or something?
Anyhow, in this article that Tigerclaw linked us, let's see, who is this?
David Ellis, Halo designer, said, eccentricity is a cute cover word for objectification and sexism.
We got another call coming in, let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, it's still connecting there.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Boom, it's Jim Sally.
Hey Jim Sally!
Jim Sally, you're sideways.
Yeah, you're sideways today.
That's okay, we will turn our...
Oh, there you go.
Now you're...
He's in MTV camp.
Jim Sally's tech support with a smile.
You have very nice teeth, Jim Sally.
I do, don't I? I brush every day, man.
That's good, that's good.
You should.
You have that big gap right there, though.
That's okay, Madonna gets away with it, so do you.
I look, yeah, exactly. I look just as cute as she does, I think.
We're gonna start calling you the material boy.
Material boy, nice.
So what's up, Jim Sally?
Well, actually, a little sidetrack for the last caller.
I've been to Providence town, man, many a time.
Oh, really?
My family, we're from Canada, but we vacationed in Cape Cod in this little town called Falmouth,
and we used to always go to Providence town to...
You know what, I'm gonna be honest with you, I had the cleanest beaches, nice places to walk.
And it's definitely a different place when you go there compared to the rest of America.
Yeah.
You wanna hear a funny story that happened to me when I went there?
Sure.
You could tell me if you think this...
Bobby doesn't think my stories are real, by the way, but this is real, Robert, I'm telling you.
I believe you.
I was about 12, 13, I was just starting to get into baseball, and I thought it was pretty cool,
and I thought I was gonna be the best back catcher ever.
So we went to Providence, and I was buying a lot of Red Sox gear and stuff there, right, because Boston's close by.
And I went to this one place that was selling T-shirts, and they had Boston Red Sox, there they go.
And then they had novelty T-shirts, and there was one that I thought was back catching related, so I got it.
My mom let me buy it, she's portraiting, she doesn't know any better, and the T-shirt said,
You Pigeon, I'm Catching.
Oh, no.
I was like, wow. I looked good in it, though, right? Like, it was tight on my arms and stuff.
Like, I had little 12-year-old pipes back then, too.
So, yeah, I have a lot of pictures of me, like, 12 years old on that vacation wearing a T-shirt that says,
You Pigeon, I'm Catching.
Did you wear it to baseball practice when you got home?
Because I'm sure all the other kids just ate you alive.
Dude, yeah, that's where I found out about what that shirt really meant.
Oh, my God.
Can you believe that, man?
But you just wanted to be a catcher in baseball. In baseball. Literally in baseball.
Yeah, otherwise, Jim Salley throws with his cannon.
That means that you should vacation there, man. I'm gonna take my daughter there next year.
I would love to visit there.
I have seriously entertained the idea, and I don't know when I'm gonna have the time or the money to do this,
but I've really entertained the idea of just going out to the East Coast and flying in there into a cheap airport
and renting a car and just driving around the Northeast to all the places I wanted to go,
because I want to see people in New York City, although the idea of driving in New York City terrifies me.
I want to go to the Fun Spot Arcade that's out there. I'd love to go to P-Town.
And there's just tons of stuff I'd love to do out there.
Speaking of arcades, we had someone talking a while ago about wanting to start throwing an arcade.
I believe it was in the email.
It was in the email.
When I was 17, I managed an arcade in Kitchener for about three months.
A little word of advice from me to that guy.
You can get a lot of stuff on consignment where the guys that own the machines, just put them in your store.
You don't have to pay anything for them, but you have to give them a cut.
You know what I'm saying?
They get one quarter, you get another quarter, sort of a deal.
You can build up a lot of inventory that way without having to shell out a lot of cash, right?
Jim Salley, do you know who actually ran a very successful arcade on consignment like that?
Disneyland.
Disneyland.
Really?
Yeah, when they had the Electronica event that was going on with Tron.
A lot of those machines that were in there were from local owners.
Yeah, it's a great way too, because those local owners don't have the facility to make any money.
So for them, it's free money if you want to take the machine for a while.
That's right, especially at Disneyland of all places.
Hello, those machines got used heavily.
And in fact, they finally did.
It's like they read Disneyland fans' mind.
They kind of did this mishmash of Flynn's Arcade and Wreck-It Ralph.
And they put it in the arcade that's right next to the exit at Space Mountain.
So it kind of lives on a little bit.
There's a lot of cool stuff in there.
That's cool.
Yeah.
I'm walking around the house.
I'm looking for my dog.
My dog ran outside.
I know, I love that we're getting the tour of Jim Salley's house.
So quickly, Jim Salley, what else on your mind tonight?
I have a little delay in the podcast.
I listened to my first one and it was a little too macho.
I toned down the machoness.
But I decided I'm going to start a new one called Jim Salley's Review Review.
Jim Salley's Review Review.
Jim Salley's Reviewing Your Review.
Are you going to sing the theme song?
Yeah, I review other people's reviews.
That's pretty much how they do it.
I'm going to review other people's reviews.
Oh my God, I love it.
Did you get that, Narsagra?
Jim Salley's Review Review.
He's going to review other people's reviews.
I love it.
So it's sort of like a critique.
Yes, in a way.
It's a critique of other people's critiques.
Because some people's critiques need critiquing.
You know what I'm saying?
That's an amazing idea, Jim.
I look forward to hearing the first episode.
I'm so excited to hear that you are taking the podcasting idea to heart and really giving it a try.
I'm sure Bobby would like a quick review of my review of Saints Row IV.
He's probably recommending giving it a try.
I'm going to give you a piece of advice.
Stay away from the articles written on VoG.
Don't review those.
Oh, well there's reviews that come in Robert.
Uh oh.
Alright, Jim Salley, before I let you go, any last thoughts?
No, I just wanted to say hi to everybody today.
I really missed you guys last week.
You should have called me.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I was having so much fun at Dragon Con.
Jim Salley, I was so drunk.
Dude.
I was so drunk.
Dude.
Brad from Pod Culture had me drink things I never thought I'd drink in my life.
And it was marvelous.
Ewww.
Liquor?
Oh my god.
Stop being ridiculous.
Did you take your man with you?
I can't remember his name though.
Alan?
Did you take Alan with you?
No, Alan was not able to come because Alan, it's kind of expensive.
Alan hung out with me.
He had to work.
Yeah, Alan and Dark Sakura hung out.
Alan hung out with me and he helped me with my Skyrim and my Dragon Age stuff.
Oh yeah, that's two other games I did play.
Skyrim and Dragon Age.
Yeah, they had a girls' night.
More like an after.
And then I drank mimosas all night and played rock band.
There you go.
That's a party.
Alright, Jim Salley, I'm going to let you go so we can try to fit in one more call,
but thank you as always.
You macho man.
You catcher.
I'm gonna love you.
Alright, bye buddy.
I love you Jamie, you're still my number one.
You know you are.
You know.
Touching you.
I'm making hearts but you can't see it.
Touching you.
Ah, he's gonna poke me in the eye.
Alright, bye Jim Salley, bye.
Oh my god.
I love it.
Alright, 1877 Game O-L-R, our username on Skype.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
O-L-R.
Alright, 1877 Game O-L-R, our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
I feel like he just poked me in the eye.
I feel dirty.
A little bit.
A little bit.
A little dirty.
A little dirty.
I kinda like it.
Oh my.
Ah, going to Twitter.
I'm trying to see if there's other stuff here on the Twitter.
I do see a tweet from Bobby Blackwolf.
I'm trying to see if it's a troll.
Oh no, it's not.
This is legit.
What he's sending us here from the website Road to VR.
Oculus Rift support confirmed coming to Slender The Arrival, which is the sequel to Slenderman,
the eight pages, which Shane got me to play that on Let's Play, and now Slender is spreading
throughout the World of Warcraft community.
Because Gemet and Syl started playing, it's like the new thing.
You know how you watch a video or something like that on YouTube, and it could be just
a random video of something, and they'll recommend other videos based on usually what you've
watched.
I had one that was a, it was a Slender game with Teletubbies in it.
It was weird.
I watched it though.
SSJ100Matt, again, one more plug for the phones to see if we get any calls.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
A tweet from SSJ100Matt tweeting us about that is apparently another arcade war documentary,
a la King of Kong, on its way out.
It's called Man vs. Snake, and it's about the game Nibbler.
What?
And I'm kind of thinking to myself, I'm like, is that the game that's like Snake on the,
you know, old school cellular phones?
And I guess Nibbler was like that.
I don't remember Nibbler in the arcades.
I remember they had Nibbles, which was on Basic.
It was the first game that had a high score table that could handle one billion plus points.
That's just ridiculous.
One billion?
Yeah, a lot.
So Man vs. Snake is running a Kickstarter campaign, which, you know, isn't that what they're all doing?
To try and get funded.
So it can be in a theater near you.
There you go.
Alright, one more call for calls, and then we'll end it if nobody else wants to call.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I should also pimp out my independent documentary about Whacking Days, also called Man vs. Snake.
Where's the sad trombone, Rob?
I'm not playing it after that. That was funny.
I like that. Man vs. Snake.
That should be the sequel.
It's more co-op, though.
That should be the sequel to, like, you know, Snakes on a Plane, you know, like Man vs. Snake.
I got nothing.
Alright, I guess nobody's calling in. How sad.
And there's our dick joke of the night.
That's alright, because my voice is starting to give out, so I think it's in all of our best interests that we wrap up the show.
No, it wasn't a dick joke. You thought that was a dick joke?
It's not a dick joke. It's a reference to The Simpsons.
Whacking Days, it's a day where they go around with sticks and they beat up snakes.
You dirty birdie. You dirty birdie.
Confirmed dark soccer is the biggest perv on the show.
That's not true, just because she may have missed that up.
I do hold the title of biggest perv on the show.
Alright, we won't challenge you for that.
That's only because your wife isn't here, because then she would be the biggest perv on the show.
Nellie is just the queen of the off-color remark.
She's great, though. We gotta get her on the show sometime.
Even though I know she hates the show, we gotta get her on it sometime.
Alright, that does it for another episode of Orange On Radio.
Thank you guys so much for joining us and inviting us into your life after our week off.
Hope we entertained you tonight. Sorry I was sick for most of it, but blame Dragon Con.
We'll be back to do it all again next week.
If you like what you heard, remember we don't ask for your money to do this show, so just help us spread the word.
Tell a friend or two or five about the show.
We really appreciate all the thumbs up on Stitcher, the five-star reviews on iTunes.
We haven't got any in a long time, so if you haven't left us a five-star review on iTunes, we really appreciate it.
And helping to spread the word. What more can we say? Thanks for the support.
And it motivates us to get our family to grow and get more input and do more shows for you guys.
Before we say goodnight, we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
My final thought is Alan really needs to charge his Kindle, because this thing has been sitting on the dead battery screen for like two weeks.
But I'm impressed at how long this thing can sit on a dead battery screen with no battery.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Um... meh. That's it.
And Loki, last but not least, your final thought?
Um... hopefully Grand Theft Auto this week.
We'll see. Could we get an early review of Grand Theft Auto 5 next week? We will see.
A+.
It's not rigged at all.
I know, Bobby's giving a C+. That's fine. No one's bitter, I guess.
Alright, tune in to find out. We'll be back in seven days to do it all again. Have a great week, everybody. Goodnight.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
