Orange Lounge Radio
Digital Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio, Mighty No. 9 surpasses its stretch goals and we'll try heading to consoles.
Diablo 3 will lose its auction house next year, more of your money heads to iOS, and the tributes and memorials to Hiroshi Yamauchi begin.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this September the 22nd of 2013 with the 520th episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here to talk about video games with you guys out there in internet land and my co-hosts here in studio.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Wark.
Wark.
Wark.
Que.
Que.
Tonight's presentation of OLR will be presented in the language of Chocobo.
Wark, wark, wark.
Okay.
That was the sound of like 500 people unsubscribing from the show all at once.
You mean we have that many?
Alright.
The facts are completely made up on tonight's OLR as well.
How you doing DarkSakura? Seriously.
Caffeinated, thank you.
No seriously. How are you?
It's a bummer it's a radio show because if you all could see the look she was giving me right now.
I think I was giving him the girl face.
Or how dare you cut me off.
But you're caffeinated, do you have your coffee?
I'm caffeinated. I have had healthy food today.
And I still have chocolate covered mints for later.
Ooh.
Ooh, yummy.
And I've brought delicious snacks.
Which I keep eating.
In the form of my special trail mix.
Made of raw almonds.
And raw cashews.
And a roasted coconut.
But the coconut's the best part.
It totally is.
Alright.
Say hello to our coconut here on the show.
Or just nut.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you Loki?
I'm fine.
Yeah?
My, well, throat's a little sore but I'm fine.
Sorry to hear it.
I'm having colas.
I caught it from my son, so.
Don't get me sick.
Yeah, don't get us sick.
I'm being rude, don't get me sick.
It's just, it's just the throat thing.
It could very well be also allergies because I always get, like, scratchy throat whenever
the weather goes wet and then dry again.
Well, the season's changed yesterday.
I don't know if you noticed, but it rained.
So that means summer's over and here's winter.
Because we don't have a fall here.
There's no transition.
It's just like, boom, done.
That's right.
Boom goes the dynamite.
That's it.
So, yeah, it rained here yesterday.
So, thank gosh it rained yesterday and not two days ago because I went to an outdoor
concert two days ago and that would have been really terrible if it was raining.
So, yeah.
Anyway, you guys are there in our chat room.
We always like to say hello to the fourth guest on the show, our chatters.
Live.vognetwork.com is the place to be because we do tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at VOG Network.
It's set in October where we record dead.
The Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And, again, that's Sunday nights, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
Show.
And those of you that were listening live, I'm sure were aware of this.
But if you're listening on the podcast, you may not be aware, our pal Bobby hit 400 episodes
tonight.
So, claps and congratulations for Bobby.
That's a great milestone.
And in true Bobby form, he had walked through the door 20 minutes before to set up in a
frenzy because he was working on something else for the show.
He was 15 minutes late with Starbucks.
No, that's our excuse, Dark Sakura.
Bobby's always hard at work.
So, all right.
We're going to get into gaming news and all that.
But tonight I want to start off a little bit with, you know, some sad news.
I'm sure this is on many people's minds this week, as you probably were following the gaming,
you know, the gaming press and pretty much every blog read a story on this.
But Hiroshi Yamauchi died this week at age 85.
If you don't know that name, he was basically the head of Nintendo, the Nintendo president
for many years.
That's the position that Satoru Iwata holds now.
And, you know, many of you know him for sure.
But Yamauchi ran Nintendo for 53 years.
So the NES, the Super NES, you know, all the stuff that led into NES because, you know,
they didn't start with that.
They were doing the watch games.
And even before that, it was cards and the more mechanical stuff.
That's how he met Gunpei Okoye, if I'm not mistaken.
It wasn't about games at all.
I think you have a mechanical.
But Hiroshi Yamauchi, he was a very interesting guy because he was a businessman in every sense of the word.
The man hardly played video games at all.
In fact, I believe rumor has it the first video game he ever played was when Tetris went to the Game Boy,
which to be fair was a lot of people.
I was about to say.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, he just knew how to make business decisions.
And a lot of people, of course, also know him because he owned the Seattle Mariners for quite some time.
And it was very controversial at the time because, you know, he was in Japan.
The team was here.
He didn't really have plans to come see the team.
He never came to see a game.
Now, he watched them on TV and things like that, but he never came over to actually see a game.
So it was kind of controversial in that sense.
But again, businessman.
But you also think about it.
Baseball is super, super huge in Japan.
Oh, yeah. Sure. Sure.
A lot of makes sense.
And if I do remember correctly, thanks to one of our mutual friends and some of the players from the Mariners came over to play in Japan.
Oh, that's right.
So, you know, do you know who owns the Mariners now?
If I'm not mistaken, I have no idea.
Howard Phillips.
Remember him from the Nintendo days?
He was Nintendo.
He was he used to be the Reggie Fils-Aime back in the day, the ginger ginger president of Nintendo.
And most people, honestly, most people our age know him from the Howard and Nestor comics from the days of the Nintendo Power.
Yes.
So it's kind of funny how that all kind of goes together.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Some kind words and some reminiscing about Hiroshi Yamauchi in chat.
Dungeon Buster says he was an uncanny judge of character and trends.
What Up G says hiring Miyamoto, one of his best moves ever.
True says TMZ even showed a bit of love to Hiroshi Yamauchi, lol.
Yeah, you know, the news even kind of, you know, cut through to the mainstream because, you know, not only was he the Nintendo guy,
which, you know, obviously he made a boatload of money from his share of Nintendo stock when it surged thanks to the Wii and all that.
I mean, the man had a boatload of money.
Many people knew that he did not accept his pension when he retired from Nintendo.
He said, no, Nintendo needs the money.
And so I believe he donated a huge amount to cancer charities as well.
So the man did a lot of good, which should be recognized.
Yes, I think you think he probably had well enough in savings to live off of.
I wish that, you know, CEOs over here would do that.
Yeah, it was a very, very humble sort of sort of thing to do.
And it made a lot of mainstream coverage.
I heard not all of it was necessarily tasteful.
I want to say I heard that Arsenio Hall, who I didn't even realize was back on TV with a late night show.
I was like, how 1992 is that?
But he's back on TV with a late night show.
And there was some type of joke in the monologue or something where, you know, Hiroshi Yamauchi died today.
And it sounded something like this.
And they played the Pac-Man.
Really?
I don't know. I'm paraphrasing the joke.
I don't remember the exact words, but I know it was the Pac-Man noise because it made me think,
Well, if you want to get technical, sir, even though your joke is in incredibly poor taste, Pac-Man was a Namco character.
And I think a lot of people would recognize the Mario death noise.
So if you had to go there, but you know what?
Then I'm writing people's disgusting jokes for them.
So whatever.
You know how I found out about it, actually?
Oddly enough, I saw his picture on the Nikkei site.
And then later on, I saw someone had translated from the business news that he died.
And that's how I found out.
So, you know, obviously a lot of gaming in general is to thank to this man and his guidance.
Even if he wasn't necessarily a gamer himself, his business guidance led Nintendo to greatness.
I thought maybe we could just take a minute.
I mean, obviously I think it goes without saying, we want to dedicate our show tonight to his memory and everything he's done for us.
But I thought it might be a good time to just share some Nintendo memories and maybe some early Nintendo memories.
So I want to go around the room.
I'm not playing my 3DS right now, am I?
Not current Nintendo memories because your 3DS is so close to the mic, they can actually hear your Animal Crossing.
Hey, that's actually good background music to have the island music.
I suppose it is somewhat appropriate.
But in all seriousness, Dark Sakura, what's your first memory of the Nintendo Entertainment System?
When did you become an NES fangirl?
Now, I know you were more, you know, you were Sega.
No, I wasn't. Dan was Sega.
Oh, okay. Excuse me. Okay.
Then when did you, I was going to say, even if you were Team Sega, you still had love for Nintendo.
You know, where did...
I was pretty damn loyal to Nintendo when I was a kid.
So where did it all come from? Where did it start?
I went over to my friend's house and played Metroid.
I would go hang out over at my friend's house and she had, you know, she had Super Mario Brothers and Metroid and Legend of Zelda and for that god awful game Clu Clu Fucking Land.
Oh my god.
I kind of like that game.
I kind of too, but I hate it too.
It's one of those like, it's so niche and it's so stupid, like it's kind of cool.
Like if you know how to play Clu Clu Land, that kind of makes you a gaming hipster.
Yeah.
Well, I would also go over to, now at the time, and I have to give a little background, my friend Catherine, who would just go by Catherine, her mother was a Cathy.
My mother was a Cathy. They were both Cathleens.
And I have an Aunt Cathy and a bunch of people, so we would always joke which Cathy am I hanging with.
But anyway, her brother was like super into Metroid.
So we would, you know, Metroid and Metal Gear.
So it was a lot of playing that around over at her house.
And then my dad finally got me mine and he got me his favorite game, which was Sky Shark.
So I was playing like shooting games in, you know, 1941 and 1942.
And my papa, when he was alive, my dad's dad, we would play Jackal on his big screen TV where you could see every damn pixel.
And he'd say, now Maury, because he called me Maury. My middle name is Marie. He didn't like my first name for some reason.
I'd say Maury, I want you to throw that grenade over the wall and then I'm going to come around and shoot him.
I'd be like, okay, Papa. And then playing Abadox, because for some reason he liked Abadox.
Your papa likes some really strange NES games.
I know. But he was totally into the war games and Tecmo Bowl.
And my little sister, for some reason, liked that stupid game Mag Max.
Because you could just play it in loops over and over and over again. That game was awful.
And then my mom's friend was getting rid of her games.
And she gave me the golden game that kept my love of Nintendo living longer than the Super Nintendo had been in my life.
And that was Guardian Legend. And I beat the shit out of that game. I couldn't do it now, but I was pretty good at it then.
I can't really pin it on one thing. It's just lots of good things.
And then having a friend set his on fire. I don't know if you thought I was joking about it before, but I really was serious.
He threw it down a flight of stairs and set it on fire. And it still worked.
That's back when they built consoles.
They were built tough!
That's right. There was none of this red ring or yellow light shit.
Yeah.
You throw them down a flight of stairs and set them on fire and they still worked.
It still worked. Although I don't think it would have worked had he flushed it down the toilet like he wanted to.
That disgusting brown color that most Super Nintendos are these days is a badge of honor.
And it meant your mom was a chain smoker. That's what it meant in my house.
Loki, what were some early NES memories for you?
Well, I got my first NES. My parents surprised me with it with Breakthrough, Zelda, and Bubble Bobble.
So, I played the crap out of that. That and my friend's house.
Because everyone had an NES, so I played different games.
That's about it.
What was it about the NES that made you love it so much?
I don't know. I just liked video games anyways. I had a ColecoVision before that, so...
I did too!
So, it was just slightly better, you know?
Better graphics?
Yeah, better graphics, better controller. Because, you know, the ColecoVision was like a numpad with a little joystick on top.
At least it wasn't as bad as the Atari 5200 controller, though. That was pretty bad.
What would you say is your favorite NES game ever?
Um...
Probably, like, um...
Let's see, Legend of Zelda or...
Blaster Master?
Metroid's good, too.
It's one of my favorites, too.
I don't know. I mean, I know there were some NES games that I had that I played the crap out of, but...
I can't really remember which ones they were.
Um...
Mega Man 2, maybe? Yeah.
My earliest NES memory was that, um...
I wanted a Nintendo real bad for kind of the same reason Loki did, is that I liked video games anyway.
We had an Atari 2600.
So, of course, when I saw that there was a Nintendo out there and I got to play it at the store, I really wanted them.
And I think I played it at a friend's house, too.
And I finally was rewarded with one for getting straight A's in the fourth grade.
I got my Nintendo Entertainment System.
We went to Sears and bought the NES that came with Super Mario Brothers and Duck Hunt.
And I just played the crap out of that. I played so much Mario Brothers. It was insane.
Gray Gun era.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, and the Zapper and all that stuff.
One of the other early games I got was also The Legend of Zelda, because I didn't get the NES when it first came out.
But by the time I bought it, The Legend of Zelda was out and I had a ton of friends in school that were playing it.
And I remember before I had an NES, I overheard friends talking about it and I was super jealous.
Like, I want to play The Legend of Zelda. I want a Nintendo.
You know, kind of that whole jealousy.
So, it was really great when I did get Zelda with the NES, because I played the crap out of that game.
And it got to the point where people were asking me for advice.
I think I've told this story on the show before, but I'll kind of quickly recap.
You know, for somebody that was picked on a lot as a kid, which, you know, I'm sure a lot of us were,
but I just remember that was a really awesome turnaround where I went from the guy that's being picked on all the time
to the guy that will tell you how to get to whatever dungeon in the second quest,
so you better be nice to him type of thing.
So, that was always kind of nice.
So, my favorite NES game. See, I would have to kind of jack some of the early answers,
and I would say probably The Guardian Legend is honestly my favorite NES game of all time as well,
just because of the hybrid of it.
Outside of that, honestly, I know it's really cliche, but I kind of think Super Mario Bros. 2 is one of my favorite NES games,
just because I just have so many memories of that.
I remember renting that game on New Year's Eve or something,
and I played the crap out of that game one New Year's, and played it from start to finish.
And, God, I love that game so much.
I don't see how you could play the crap out of a crap-free game.
Fair enough.
But, I'm going to throw, you want an obscure title?
This is one of my other favorite NES games.
Make me proud.
Because it was such a hybrid game.
Did you ever play Magic of Scheherazade?
I did.
Yes.
Not very much of it. I rented it, but it was like during exams or something.
It was like a hybrid of Zelda and Final Fantasy, and it was kind of rad.
Now, because it kind of tried to do too much, it kind of had some flaws,
but when you're like ten years old, you overlook those flaws,
and you're like, this game's awesome. It has everything.
So, there you go.
Some folks in chat, GameGuru in chat says,
as for favorites, Super Mario Bros. 3, bar none.
That was one of my all-time favorites too, and I think for a lot of us.
I remember going to one of my best friends back in the day.
His name was Devin.
I went to his house, and we stayed up until like four in the morning
playing Super Mario Bros. 3,
and we were doing the whole two-player.
Who doesn't remember playing that with another person,
and you would always fight the other person?
My sister and I were just complete bitches to each other over that game.
So, there you go.
Some NES memories from us here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Again, rest in peace,
and thank you for all you've done for this industry, Hiroshi Yamauchi.
Thank you.
Let's move on and get into some of our recent gaming memories,
such as the games that you've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I have to freaking replant one of my stupid perfect pears
because the fucking trees die.
You've got real problems, young lady.
I do have real problems. I have mental problems,
like Reginald and Nedroid, which is still my favorite webcomic.
Anyway, I've been playing Animal Crossing.
I might open my village during the show.
I'm still thinking about it.
If enough people show interest, I will open my village.
Damn, that got bit by a mosquito.
So, I've also been playing Final Fantasy XIV,
and I have finally joined the Twin Adders
because, first of all, the flaming people suck.
I hate their stupid privilege 1% country,
and I refuse to be a part of their whole...
In the beta, I was with that nation,
but I changed it when the 14 came out.
You screw the Sultana, okay?
That little bitch does not get any of my money.
I'm gonna give it to the hippies because...
Occupy. Occupy Ol' Da.
Just so people kind of understand for Final Fantasy XIV,
a lot of MMOs historically have had factions,
and a lot of people break it down to good and evil,
but it's not always that way.
For instance, World of Warcraft has the Alliance and the Horde,
although the Horde is not necessarily evil or whatever.
Those are the two factions.
They're just assholes.
Final Fantasy XIV is a faction-free game.
Everybody can talk to each other,
because usually in WoW, if you play Horde,
but your friend plays Alliance, you can't talk to each other.
Unless you're through real ID or whatever.
But in Final Fantasy, that doesn't stop you.
But you will join one of three nations throughout the story.
And you don't even have to.
Yeah, technically you don't have to.
And you can switch whenever you want.
I think those allegiances will come into PvP later on,
but for right now it only has minor impacts on the story.
But I hate PvP, so that will never happen.
Right. Well, there's not even PvP in the game yet.
Well, I still hate it.
So, I've been playing that.
I've been playing more fractal,
and I have actually picked up an older game on my phone,
and I've been playing it stupidly obsessively,
for some stupid reason, because you know me in puzzle games.
I've been playing Bejeweled.
Not even Bejeweled Blitz, I haven't played that yet.
I am playing old-school Bejeweled.
I've been in Diamond Mine mode for like...
It helps me get sleepy at night,
as I have a lot of trouble sleeping,
so I play Bejeweled at night.
And, um...
Yeah.
I know I played something else,
but for the life of me, I can't remember.
You'll think of it later and then shout it out randomly
in the middle of his ass.
Yes, I will.
All right.
Loki, do I even have to ask how many hours
you sunk into Grand Theft Auto 5 this week?
I don't remember how many hours I sunk in,
but I think it's at least 16, at least.
I don't know.
I'm almost at the end of the campaign,
and it's great.
I love every second of it, so...
I even got my son to play a little bit of it.
He's been driving...
Wait! Wait a minute!
Wait a minute!
He likes driving the car.
You're letting your three-year-old son
play Grand Theft Auto 5?
He's not killing people.
He's driving back and forth on a beach.
Three-year-olds have no moral compass.
It does not matter.
No, I just...
Loki can do what he wants,
and I know he's not showing the bad parts of the game.
He's just driving a car.
You have to admit,
the initial sentence of you saying,
yeah, I'm letting my son play Grand Theft Auto 5
is kind of funny.
Well, he doesn't really know how to play.
All he can really do is just press the gas,
and I have to kind of steer for him,
and he just presses the gas,
and laughs when he hits stuff, like...
Like people?
No, like fences.
You know, not people.
And the people are all fine.
They just go to the hospital,
and they come out just fine.
It's like when he asks, like he's all...
And he even asks,
he's all, stop hitting that man.
Why'd we take that guy's car?
So he understands that it's wrong.
I'm like, it's okay.
They're just letting us borrow the car.
It's okay.
I just want to point out, Loki,
these episodes are recorded.
They're put on the internet,
and somebody will save them for a very long time.
Exactly, and I took video.
So it's all good.
I'm going to upload video.
So someday, Loki,
when your son gets busted for street racing,
all Fast and Furious style in daddy's car,
I'm going to say,
do you know why this happened?
Well, so I drove my uncle's Trans Am when I was six.
I do have video.
Do I street race?
I have lots of video, actually.
My brother tried to make me drive his car when I was like 10,
and I cried.
When I was six...
No, he had a Thunderbird.
It was great, though.
Okay, so I was trying to get some video of him yesterday,
because he did it yesterday, too.
He was driving over these hills in the middle of the desert,
and I was like, I'm going camping,
or we're going to Trader Joe's,
or I'm driving to Safeway.
Why does the middle of the desert
make your son think about Trader Joe's?
No, that was camping.
He's just pretending.
He's driving like a truck.
He's all, I'm driving the truck to Safeway,
and stuff like that,
because that's where we went today.
Yeah, it's completely harmless.
It's not like we're running through an elderly,
old folks home or something like that.
He's not murdering people with a gun.
He's just driving a car or a bus.
He thinks it's funny when you can push the Y button
to get the guy in and out of the car.
He thought that was hilarious.
And then he's like, look, it's turning the wheels.
WhatupG in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com asks,
has Loki let him fly a plane yet?
Oh, God, no, because the reason why is
he doesn't know how to even drive the car,
so flying a plane, it would just be over really fast,
and he gets frustrated.
If he hits the wall and he can't figure out how to get around it,
he just gets frustrated almost immediately.
He has no patience.
So yeah, a plane, I thought that'd be fun.
I wanted to give him a boat because it's the ocean.
He's not going to run into anything out there.
But he just wanted to drive a car, so let him drive a car.
Well, away from the stories about your son
playing the game for a minute and back to you playing the game,
what is it about the game that makes it so great
that you come through the door of the OLR Studios and go,
Rob, when are you getting Grand Theft Auto V?
Well, first off, you like the sandbox games
where you can pretty much do whatever you want,
and that's this game, and there's a lot of realism to it,
or I should say immersion to it.
For example, if I run over some dude or something in the mountains,
like some hiker, if I just plow over my car,
later on I may be driving, and I'll hear a news report on the radio
saying that a hiker has gone missing.
And then they try to get you back because they know what you did that summer.
And there's all sorts of crazy stuff.
There's a whole thing that has to do with some hidden letters
that you have to collect, and there's actually a ghost
up in the mountains and stuff.
There's all sorts of crazy acid trips that these guys can go on.
Is it really funny, though?
Because I will say, I do like sandbox games,
but part of the reason why I love Saints Row
is that it's so over-the-top.
I don't think I've laughed harder at a video game
than I did the opening to Saints Row 3.
Well, Saints Row is just kind of like,
and even playing both,
I think the best analogy I've seen was someone said,
Grand Theft Auto is a parody of reality,
and Saints Row is a parody of Grand Theft Auto,
where you can tell that they went into incredible detail
with every single thing in this game
as far as the immersion with the internet in the game,
all the different brands that are parodies of things,
whereas Saints Row 4 is making a parody of The Matrix.
I mean, come on, dude. The Matrix.
A 90s movie?
They're really cutting edge with their stuff. I don't know.
I mean, don't get me wrong, Saints Row is a fun game,
but it's just so...
When you play both, you're just like,
man, that's really just basic,
as far as what they put in there,
and even, like, it feels like the effort
was really kind of not there.
I mean, but then again, this game took five years to develop,
and Saints Row III, probably a lot less than that,
and Saints Row 4, even less than that, so...
I don't know.
I just like all the detail in the game,
and the writing's really good.
The story's really interesting.
The characters are very interesting,
especially Trevor's just nuts,
and just seeing all the things that go kind of awkward
and stuff in the game,
and all the different conflicts that are there,
it's a really interesting storyline,
so that's kind of what the draw is, I think.
What's next for Grand Theft Auto with the online component?
We were talking a little bit about this on Bobby's show,
but just to kind of retouch on it a little bit,
what do people have to look forward to in a couple weeks
when the online part opens up?
Well, first off, they said, I think there's supposed to be
about 700 missions in the game,
so you're gonna be able to pull heists
and do robberies and all sorts of stuff
on top of normal death matches and races
and that kind of thing.
Plus, there's gonna be editors in the game
to make your own custom content,
so you can make custom death match maps,
you can make custom races,
and that's just the beginning.
They're eventually gonna get it to where you can do
custom missions and all other game types.
And then, on top of that, they've built the game
in a way that it's just gonna keep expanding
beyond Grand Theft Auto 5.
You're not just gonna be stuck in San Andreas,
they're gonna have it where you can,
they can basically increase the size of the map
and add new cities and areas as time goes on.
So, it's just gonna keep building from there,
and it sounds exciting.
Plus, getting to play with people again,
because, you know, it's hard to find people
for Grand Theft Auto 4 nowadays.
And you're on both 360 and PlayStation 3?
Yeah, and I'm kind of hoping that they both tie together.
Do you have one of those little squads
I see people advertising on Twitter?
I do have a crew available.
I will link it in the chatroom.
It's the VOG Network crew,
and I'm trying to remember,
the first thing you probably want to do
is get a membership, if you don't have it already,
to the Rockstar Social Club,
which you can go to.
It's socialclub.rockstargames.com.
And so, if you have a membership there,
you know, cool.
If not, create one.
And then you can look for, I think,
well, my name on there is Loki O-L-R,
or I want to say you can search
by the name of the crew as well,
which would be VOG Network,
and then our little tag,
since you have it had the four letters,
is VOG N, so.
Okay, awesome.
Yeah, so I'm actually trying to see real quick here,
if I can probably link it.
I'll link it on,
I had it linked on Twitter at one time,
but I'll link it again,
so we can add everybody before it launches.
And I'm sure if it's anything like it has been
with the Social Club stuff so far,
it may be a little downsy by the time it launches,
because they've been having little server issues,
as with anything.
Uh-oh, all right.
Any other games besides Grand Theft Auto
you want to talk about?
Nope.
All right, then my gaming week,
pretty similar to Loki,
I've been focused on mainly one game,
and that game is Final Fantasy XIV,
which I've talked about ad nauseam in previous weeks,
so I won't really get into too much detail.
I will just say I'm a level 45 white mage,
so I'm getting a little closer to end game
and all the AK runs and Efreet hard mode and all that.
I do love how they wound the story into this game, though,
I will say that much.
You know, the story really kind of keeps you going,
and it's really interesting the way they did that,
where not a lot of MMOs have been able to kind of
make those big grandiose cut scenes
the way Final Fantasy does
that makes you really want to watch, you know,
when I was playing World of Warcraft,
I skipped most things,
unless it was a big cinematic,
I'd watch those or something else, you know,
but the Final Fantasy cut scenes are so engaging,
it really kind of keeps me like, oh.
For the record, the same thing works again.
Oh, with the screenshots?
Yeah, so you can do screenshots during cinematics.
Oh, cool.
And is it just me or is Thancred like sort of like
make you think of Tidus?
A little bit.
Don't they have similar voice actors?
No, he has the voice actor of both here, doesn't he?
I think.
But it was sort of interesting hearing Fenris' voice
coming out of the Elvin guy.
Yeah, yeah.
So I haven't heard a lot of the voice acting
because I'm on Skype a lot when I play the game with friends.
So we're just chatting through it.
So, yeah, I'll have to do some more live stream of it later.
It's just my frame rate really suffers
unless I can like get on the PlayStation 3
and get one of those boxes that streams or something.
Anyhow, I will say outside of Final Fantasy XIV,
I sort of discovered a renaissance this week for pinball games.
And I think a lot of that is because PlayStation Plus right now
is giving away Star Wars pinball with the Plus.
So I downloaded that and I was checking out those tables.
And I really like the Episode 5 table in particular.
Don't really care for the Boba Fett table.
The clones table is pretty good too.
So I was enjoying playing those tables.
And then it made me realize like why did I never get Zen Pinball 2 on PlayStation?
And then I realized that was free too.
And I had tables from one that imported.
So it's like I already had like all these tables to play in Zen Pinball 2.
So I checked that out and it came with the Vita version.
All of it did because, you know, they have that whole cross thing.
So I actually had a reason to play my Vita.
And I was playing Zen Pinball on the Vita.
And I got to say love, love, love that you can rotate the Vita
so that it's a vertical screen.
And so you have the vertical play field like you expect a pinball game to be, right?
That's nothing new.
And you use the touch screen. I know it's not new.
The WonderSwan did that.
I know it's not new, but okay, how long ago was the WonderSwan
and do we ever have it in America?
The PSP did that.
You know I'm giving you crap.
But the PSP wasn't giving me these games free either.
And the PSP did not have the touch screen on the front.
So the cool thing about the Vita is you just tap the touch screen.
Left side is left flipper, right side is right flipper.
And then you kind of drag down to do the bumper.
It makes a lot of sense.
So it's a nice little time waster in that regard.
So yeah, if you have PlayStation Plus and you have a Vita
and you like pinball, I don't know why you're not getting this game.
You should really think about doing that
because it's a great little time waster on the Vita.
And I did find the link for the crew thing.
It is just VOG Network.
So socialclub.rockstargames.com slash crew slash VOG Network.
And that's how you get to it.
We already have nine people.
And once we get more people,
I'll start divvying up where people are
because you can actually have a hierarchy of players and stuff.
Well, I will briefly mention
where a lot of the VOG people are playing Final Fantasy XIV
since I know you've got your game and I've got mine.
We are on the Midgarcimer server,
and our free company is called End of Line.
We have 45 characters in our thing right now.
To be fair, a lot of it is like friends of friends.
It's not just exclusively people that listen to VOG stuff.
But it's a good group of people.
And yeah, you can check that out.
All the information is at vognetwork.com
in the Hoard House forums
because technically Hoard House is my show about online games.
So everything you need to know is in the Hoard House forums
at vognetwork.com.
And you should probably post the Grand Theft Auto stuff
to the OLR forum.
Yeah, I was going to at some point. I need to create a logo.
Oh, okay.
Well, you know you have a graphic designer right here.
Well, no, they have a little app thing in there.
So I have to create a logo.
I just haven't done it yet.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
Well, I think that's enough of our gaming week.
Housekeeping, I'll just quickly say, don't forget,
we're on Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR.
And we are on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, enough talk. We've done a lot of reminiscing about old gaming
and new gaming. Let's get into gaming news
and what is going on in the industry this week.
Loki.
Val's going to announce something tomorrow.
It's probably going to have something to do with the Steam Box
since they were talking or
Gabe was teasing something about
a Linux. Well,
the Steam Box actually last week, so
I think that's what it is.
And it's going to
be announced 10 a.m.
Pacific time tomorrow.
Which is sad because
by the time most people hear this
because obviously we have our live audience
but the podcast people will already
know what this news is.
At least the first of the three announcements.
There's three announcements.
There's Circle. Circle in brackets.
And Circle plus Circle.
Obviously, we are having
a lot of fun with this on Bobby's show tonight.
A lot of folks going
three things. Half-Life
3. Have you ever noticed
like, I don't know, I'm sure someone's noticed this before
but like the Half-Life logo and stuff
looks like a stick figure arm holding a crowbar.
I never
really thought of that.
It's kind of funny. It actually does look like
a stick figure holding up a crowbar. So speculation
just rampant wank speculation on what these
announcements could be. I think
more information on the Steam Box is a given.
And I'm going to repeat
some of the things I said on the call on Bobby's show
because it's my guess and that hasn't changed
in 15 minutes or however long it's been.
I think Half-Life
3 is not the announcement. I think
Left 4 Dead 3 is going to be the announcement.
I think that's, you know, they will be
hyping up towards a third game in
a series but it's going to be Left 4 Dead 3. Which is not
bad news. You know, it's been
a few years since Left 4 Dead 2. I can see them doing
you know, Steam Box
Left 4 Dead 3 troll
announcement and then, you know,
Half-Life 3. No, I kind of think
the other announcement, you know, Dota 2
is so huge for Valve right
now, especially internationally.
I kind of think one of the big 3 announcements
has to be about Dota and
I would think maybe if they
announce the Steam Box, maybe there's some way that
Dota interface, like I think they're going to try
to get Dota 2 in your living room.
So maybe like, controller
support for Dota or something along those lines.
That's cool but at the same
time, the announcement
of Half-Life 3 could really throw a
monkey wrench into like next gen, you
know, consoles and stuff like that
and the people's needs for that
stuff. I'm interested in Steam Box, I mean
depending on what the specs are and what
it's able to run, I mean, because I do have my
laptop so I don't
necessarily need another gaming PC
although my first gaming
PC has kind of fallen
apart, so maybe I do need
a new gaming PC.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom says, Rob Roberts, what if
Portal 3 is the announcement? You know,
I just,
because Valve is so allergic to the
number 3, I don't want to say I'd be
disappointed if Portal 3 is the announcement, quite
no, but I would be kind of
surprised that that's the game they're
so quick to go back and visit again.
I just would be a little bit surprised. What if it's Left
for Dead 3, Portal 3, and
Half-Life 3? I think
a lot of the internet would probably poop their
pants, and rightfully so. I think
that would be a lot of great news. Three things about
three,
you know, there's also the possibility, though,
that Valve is doing something we haven't
heard of yet, a completely new IP
and I think that would be okay too.
So, yeah, Circle, or
Bracket Circle, and Bracket
Circle, and Bracket plus Bracket, or
Circle plus Circle.
Well, Circle plus Circle, that
sounds like Portal to me. Gosh, you're talking
about Hollywood squares all of a sudden, Circle
gets the square. Alright,
um, alright.
Portal 3, I
just, it would have to be a different
test subject.
So now my brain is thinking around all of that.
Well, you know, I will say this,
speaking of Dota, which I brought up
a minute ago, there's a video circulating
where they're gonna have a, or it might be out now,
the GLaDOS Announcer Pack for Dota 2,
and it's hilarious.
I know I linked it on my Twitter earlier this week.
It's Oda, the DS Silent.
They had
some hilarious, well god, what
was one of the lines, I should try to find it on my
Twitter real quick, because one of the whole, like,
welcome to Dota things was so
funny. Um,
oh gosh, I'm gonna try and find this real quick.
Anything else you wanted to say about Portal 3,
Dark Soccer, while I try to dig this up?
Um, no, other than, it was pretty
cool hearing her in Pacific Rim.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, they actually did the
modulation effect without the flanging,
so it was sort of interesting.
Okay, I found it, I found what I was looking for.
Zanes, welcome to Dota.
Don't forget your little plastic
sword, and all your chins.
Little bit of shade from GLaDOS there.
I love that, play it again.
Play it again? Alright.
I love her, she's such a sassy bitch.
Don't forget your plastic sword and all your chins.
Here we go, one more time.
Zanes, welcome to Dota.
Don't forget your little plastic sword,
and all your chins.
This video is like 21 minutes of GLaDOS now,
so there's more.
And your giant flagon of gravy, welcome to
Medieval Times.
How many in your party tonight?
I love it.
That would make me play the game.
Doesn't that make you want to play Dota 2?
Just for that sassy bitch.
By the way, I have to sort of
derail a little bit. Did you see the person
cosplaying GLaDOS?
There was
video and pictures up of this girl.
A lot of people cosplay GLaDOS, but yes.
No, no, not doing the
whole anthropomorphic version.
Hanging from a harness.
With a mask
and everything.
And moving around and everything
and doing the voice and all that.
That was cool.
Some folks in chat
are, as far as the 3s go,
I see GameGuru says
Team Fortress 3
could be a possibility.
But Act F follows that up saying,
I don't see Valve making a Team Fortress 3 anytime soon.
It does seem like they are still adding
every day to Team Fortress 2.
It would seem a little
soon for a 3.
More hats. More tie-ins to other
products, more like.
Alright, well moving on to another company.
I want to talk a little bit about what Microsoft
talked about this week. They were
at Tokyo Game Show, believe it or not, showing off
some things going on there. One of the
things that was talked about though, that unfortunately
yet another perceived negative
for Microsoft's system
was in a quote from Albert
Pinello, who's the Senior Director of Product
Management. Quote, We don't support
vertical orientation. Do it
at your own risk. It wouldn't be
a cooling problem. We just didn't design the
drive for vertical. Because it's a slot
loading drive, we just didn't design it
for both. I don't think this is a big
deal whatsoever. I only
bring it up because I saw it all over
Twitter and Facebook and
so people are talking about this, but I
I'm going to be honest,
I kind of think if you're out there
going, oh my god, Microsoft
fucks up again, you can't have your thing vertical,
I kind of think you're looking for
a reason to dump on Microsoft at this point.
I don't think it's that big a deal.
It's not going to throw off the feng shui
of your living room cabinet or something.
Well, it's the size of a cable box anyways.
Stack your cable box. But I'm just saying
and who cares, so it doesn't
doesn't
stand up or whatever.
The whole thing is because idiots before
kept knocking it over and they had a whole issue
with that. Blaming it on the slot
loading disk drive is kind of dumb.
I would just say it's because you guys are fucking idiots
and you keep knocking that shit over. I mean, look at
the 360. You guys
doesn't the Wii have a slot drive
and most people put that vertically? The Wii has a slot
drive. The PlayStation 4 has a slot drive.
But the Wii also has that little
cradle so it's a little harder to knock it over.
Yeah, but you know,
plastic is expensive. I know. And I think
that thing probably weighs a metric ton
so, you know. But I just, I don't
I don't know. I mean, there are some people that are
legitimately like, I like to have my consoles
vertical, blah blah blah. The Xbox One is
about the size of an original Xbox
Duke controller so
it's, I can see why.
But yeah, I mean, come on. It looks
like it'd be very unstable standing up
sideways. If you want to stand
it up sideways, um, you know
assuming that it still would work
that way, um, I'm
sure that there would be a third party solution to
like, brace that thing up so that it
doesn't fall over. But, I mean, come
on. It's just, they just don't want you to
knock it off your shelf. Remember
cats are evil. They will knock that shit over.
Especially if you're not- No, they'll throw up on your rug.
Well, both. They will do both.
They will knock it over, then they'll throw up on it and on
your rug. Well, another interesting
quote from Mr. Pinello, uh, quote,
we found, interestingly enough, that 80%
of people, believe it or not, have their
Xbox 360 horizontally.
I will have you know that I'm not part of
the 80%. I have vertical
all the way. Unless it's near my cat, in which
case it's horizontal.
I have my 360 horizontal.
Most of my consoles go horizontal.
The only one that didn't was the Wii.
And that's because I sort of got
the perception that that was designed to go vertical.
But Wii U doesn't go vertical, if I
remember right. Right? It's like rounded
on the edges. You can't stand that thing.
Yes you can. Well,
with putty. You really shouldn't stand
it up. You can make a stand.
Alright, now you're making a good challenge.
Well, I'm sure it's like they're saying here
about the Xbox One. Do it at your own
risk. Throw your
Wii U down a flight of stairs and set it on
fire for all we care. You know what, mine's actually
horizontal.
Just because of how our- you've seen the shelves in
my house. That's how they're- and then the
cat sits on it.
Alright.
Ziba in chat says
mine is vertical too, so
let's see. Tigerclaw says
I remember when the PlayStation 1 had
trouble reading discs and the only fix
putting it upside down.
That's right, I remember that too. Oh yes. And then
no, no, no, no. There was the other fix.
Sideways. Mhm. When you
did have to hold that thing
vertically.
I remember people would use
paper clips or something to hold the
door open, basically.
That was for the swap trick. Oh, my bad.
Yeah. Back
in the day. Spring.
Spring.
Oh, no, no, no. We did it old school.
We had the paperclip. We figured
out the right way to bend the paperclip so that
we could just go fump. I remember when you
got me that little cartridge that plugged into
the back of the PlayStation 1. Yes, we ordered like, what, 50 of them?
Not 50, but we ordered a bunch of them.
Those things were awesome, and I never had
a problem playing import games after that. Yeah.
Those things were awesome. Anyhow, moving on.
Oh, yeah. It's my turn, isn't it?
Mhm. You know what? Put down the
Animal Crossing and get to the story. I'm busy
chatting with people. You're busy trying to
navigate the new iOS 7 over there, I see.
God, actually, yeah.
So, um,
this is slightly old news. It came out
toward the beginning of the week, but
Blizzard is going to be closing down
Diablo 3's Auction House, and that's going to
happen on March 18th next year.
Um, their
actual statement saying
that, and I'm quoting, it became increasingly
clear that despite the benefits of the
Auction House system, and the fact that
many players around the world use it, it
ultimately undermines Diablo's core gameplay
kill monsters and get cool loot.
With that in mind, we want to let everyone know that we've
decided to remove the gold and real money
Auction House system from Diablo 3.
Bravo.
So that means
it's, does that still need to be connected
online? Because, you know, people are
jumping to that conclusion that that
will be the next thing that happens, but we
don't know for sure, but that was the
crutch that they were, that was
why it had to be online, was to preserve
the integrity of the Auction House. So
now we just don't know.
But it would be logical
that in a later patch, they're going
to say, you know, we're going to patch
out the always online requirement.
That would be great. Then I'd play it again.
I wonder if that wouldn't be a quiet thing, or maybe
they'll do it under LAN play. I think
that would be huge if they were to do a patch
that not only removes the Auction House, but
then does LAN play without battle net.
I mean, that would be huge. But,
I don't know. Could they, like, add
because remember, you know, before, like, with
Starcraft 2 and stuff, well, Starcraft
2 I don't think had LAN play anyways, but
couldn't they do, like, some sort of
competitive thing then with
Diablo 3? Well, they were talking
about doing PvP, and there technically
is, like, an arena, but it's really
bare bones. It's not a
fancy PvP system like what you'd see in Warcraft
or anything. Well, they're also saying something
else, too. I'm going to read this quote.
We feel that this move, along with the Loot 2.0
system being developed concurrently with
Reaper of Souls, will result
in much more rewarding game experience
for our players. So,
I think that
they're looking to change quite a few things
about the way it plays. There's definitely kind of
a soft reboot of the game happening here.
It might be enough to make me play it again.
Well, a lot of folks were really
excited about the console versions because
well, in fact, some of the reviews of the
console versions, the PS3 and 360, say
it is the definitive version of Diablo 3.
Weren't you saying you wanted to get it? Well, yeah.
I didn't talk about it during my gaming week because
it was only a demo, but I did play the Diablo 3
demo on PlayStation, which is out there
you can download. It's
weird for me because I
did play Diablo 3 the whole way
through. I beat it. I played enough of it.
It's really weird to go from
Clicky Fest to
aiming because you don't
have a mouse. So, you aim
and it locks on to monsters.
It's just a different way of playing the
same game. It's really weird.
But I liked it, but it is just really
different. And the inventory system is completely different
too. I mean, they really had to change
everything to support the controller. Now,
what if they had a controller
version for the PC?
Like, would
you still keep playing on PC if you could
do it with a controller?
No, at this point I prefer
the mouse because that's just the way I played
the game and I think it is a different balance
between controller and mouse. I don't
see them mixing those. I don't think
they're going to mix the console version
with the PC version. But
I am interested enough in the console
version. My problem is that $60 price
tag when I already have the game
on PC no matter if I got it for
free or what have you.
You're not quite the target
audience.
Audience. I'm not. Since you already
own the PC version. You're right. I'm not the target
audience. But I will say this. I'm
very interested in PlayStation 4
version. Hopefully the
inevitable price cut
three months after it's out version. So, how does it look
visually compared to the PC version considering
that they're going to have a PlayStation 4 version? I
can't imagine that you'd be able to improve
The resolution is not quite as
crisp to me as it is on
PC. I even see that
in Final Fantasy 14 a little bit.
And I think a lot of that just depends on what video
card you're packing. I saw it a lot in Final Fantasy
14 looking at the videos.
Because I found
some high res play through
videos from the PS3.
And compared with my
but I have my maxed all the way.
And it looks amazing.
So, I mean it doesn't look bad by any means.
You have to get really nitpicky. But I would
see where they could probably make some graphical
improvements on PlayStation 4.
So.
So I'll be checking that out
later. But I'm happy to hear about the removal
of the auction house. Just that you know I don't
I don't think that many people were using it
to be honest. No. I'm totally
with that. Yeah.
Alright. Let's move on. Loki.
Alright. So let's talk
a little bit about
Blizzard again. And this
kind of ties in with
I think we were talking about it a few weeks ago.
Where they were
Vampity was trying to kind of
separate themselves from
Activision Blizzard and kind of
drum up some money I guess
by selling their shares and that kind of stuff.
However
that's been kind of halted because
there's a lawsuit
taking place in Delaware.
Apparently I guess
one of the
some of the shareholders didn't like the idea.
I think they said basically the shareholder
has sued the company to prevent
this from happening claiming that
it's a huge waste and meant to
cover a power grab.
And so because of that
the court actually
halted it right now and
basically in order for it to continue they have to
appeal and get a majority
vote from the non-Vivendi
stockholders.
So
interesting that that kind of happened.
Now I'm not really sure as far as
like a power
power grab
thing is supposed to be. I don't understand their
angle there with that.
I'm not sure I see it either and I kind of don't think this is going to go much
of anywhere.
It is interesting to bring this up immediately
after that previous story because some are
speculating tinfoil hat
that the removal of the
Diablo 3 auction house is directly tied to the fact
they're not with Vivendi anymore.
That now that they're a little more
independent per se that they dropped
it even though they are still part of Activision
but maybe Vivendi was the real
problem. Yeah see that's what
I thought with like the kind of go
completely different game different company
with Deep Silver
or I should say THQ and Saints Row
that's why I thought with all the DLC
hoaring that oh it was THQ making
the Volition do that kind of shit.
And then Saints Row 4 came
out and they hoard the DLC just as much
so I
was proven wrong there so who knows.
Although you have to admit
that free
GAT 5 DLC
on Tuesday was brilliant.
It's not brilliant. It seriously
is not. No
I understand the joke. I understand the joke.
Yeah haha it's funny you know
Gap 5
and we're going to confuse people with the hashtag
and oh it's going to be hilarious and stuff
and then the game sells 800 million
dollars worth and then they
kind of quiet and go into a corner
because you know
it's just
cool. Yeah it's
fun to poke fun at Grand Theft Auto
because your game
started off as kind of a clone of it and
the problem is
they have these little DLC packs and yeah I
understand it's free for a day and I did download it because
it's free. I'm not going to pass up some of them for free.
It's just
$2.99 here
$2.99 there $2.99 there for all
stuff that's already in the game
and just being unlocked.
Come on I mean and
I'm really waiting to see what the first DLC pack
was because if it's anything as far as
like sparse in content
like it was with the third
I'm just I may be done with the series
just because I don't like that
kind of practice where it's just
we're just not we're going to totally
just drop the ball and not give a shit and
push stuff out really fast and try to make a quick buck
because it shows.
Alright well
moving on let's go to another story
you know Grand Theft Auto 5
and Saints Row 4 will not be
on this console but maybe later we'll
see and the PlayStation 4
of course is out in a couple weeks
and some live streamers you know
the people that do Twitch TV as we've
all done in the past and what have you
were a little bit
concerned that the PlayStation 4
may not really allow you to live
stream the way you want to
now I'm not talking about the built in
live streaming but remember we heard that
prior that some
companies may actually be able to
not have you live stream certain parts
of the game or whatever we don't know
how that functionality is going to be limited
so some people want to handle it their way
and actually have the PlayStation
4 through HDMI their capture box
but there was a concern that would not
work because on the PlayStation
3 you can't do that right
now you can't capture through HDMI
unless you you know do some nefarious
you know it's component
to HDMI yeah a lot of folks do
component cables instead and capture that way
and stream that way yeah because that's what I have
to do with my Elgato you have to
they have a special adapter
that you plug in well live streamers
around the world I'm sure happy to hear this week
Brad Douglas who's the head of third party
relations at Sony said
the PlayStation 4 will support
video capture via HDMI
now my
question is I
always thought it was the Blu-rays
fault that a lot of this was blocked
on the PlayStation 3 so
have they figured out a way on the PlayStation 4
to enable the encoding when
it's in Blu-ray mode because I would think
that's a given I would think that even though this news
is out there they've got to
not allow you to put the Blu-rays up it's too easy
they probably found a way to
turn on and off the HD
encryption thing
so my real question building on that
and yes I'm being tinfoil hat again
but if they can turn it on and off
it will what's to say this is going to be
any different from the built in twitch streaming
at the end of the day
what do you mean
that
you know if they can turn it off and on won't they
be able to turn it off you know when they
want like let's say a developer doesn't want the ending of
the game broadcast can't they shut it off
maybe
I guess it's possible
so also important
to put out there one of the big reasons why
people want to do their own HDMI grabs
it's for I guess I shouldn't really say
it's more the twitch TV people but a lot
of the YouTube people who want to record
a gigantic amount of footage
and then edit through it later on
that's the real asset
there to being able to do the HDMI
just to be clear it's both
a win for live streamers and
live to tape
streamers
did you see the stupid announcement
that they did earlier this week it was
about like
yeah you'll be able to hook up your PlayStation 4
to your Xbox One's
HDMI in I'm like dude you can hook anything
up to it cause it has HDMI in
if it has HDMI out you're gonna hook it up
it's not gonna go oh no no no
sorry that's a PlayStation 4 we gonna play nice
with them I mean they're not gonna
do that it's a fucking HDMI in
that's like saying hey I just learned that
I can plug my PlayStation 4 into the wall
yes actually if you
put a PlayStation 4 in the Xbox One
Nedry will come up on the screen and go
ah ah ah you didn't say
the magic word ah ah ah
that reference straight out
of 1994 y'all look it
up hey to be fair they did a
3D re-release not too long ago so
it is somewhat rare okay okay fair
enough and there's gonna be a fourth movie
as long as we don't have any fucking
gymnastic people in that I mean
it's gonna be all good
I wanna see them go a little ridiculous with that
I want like you know raptors in trench coats
and stuff and they're like oh clever girl
obviously we're talking about Jurassic Park
so obviously we blew the cover on that I gotta say
though Jurassic Park 4
I wanted to either be like really good like the first
one was which is I enjoyed the first movie say what
you will but at the time you know when I was in high
school and that came out that movie was awesome right
or I wanted to be like over the top
show girls bad
but you know what
3 was pretty bad you know what though
I'm thinking with the technology today
we can have it both and you know why
that's because you have Jurassic Park 4
and say that'll be a great movie or something
let's just hope that is a great movie and then you have
Asylum putting out like
Cretaceous
Part 5 or something like that
that'll be fucking terrible
okay good point good point
or the sci-fi movie you know
Dinosaur Hurricane you know
I don't know
actdeft in chat piggybacking on this
whole not the Jurassic Park part but the whole like
Sony Playstation 4 on an Xbox
one actdeft in chat says what's
next Sony making computers with
Windows in them oh my
gosh oh my
gosh or Sony developing
apps for Microsoft Windows
no shame
alright let's move
on Dark Soccer you got a story and then release
states I might
so um
I hate mobile sites so much
I'm telling you Chrome
you can do the desktop sites on Chrome
yeah but I'm opening the links out of email
well
that's your problem
well it's going to be everyone's problem because the stupid thing doesn't want to load
can't you change your default browser
oh wait I'm sorry it's iOS
actually I think
you can in the new one can't you
I could be wrong I don't know
there we go
have you played with iOS 7 Loki?
fuck no I haven't updated my
iPod is seriously like I don't even
know if iOS 7 supports my iPod
I have an iPod touch 4 and I think
they said ah fuck you
ah fuck you
sorry Jimmy I was trying to buy you time
thank you well we did tease
this at the start of the show
and um we've talked about
before about the state of Atlas that they
filed for bankruptcy
their debt was
2.45 billion yen
which is quite a bit of money
and so um
the company that's come out
on top for the purchase
is Sega Sammy
or I just like to say
Sega because we all know who's
wearing the pants in that relationship
or as we all like to say growing up Sega
Sega pretty good
that they bought somebody because they don't have
anything fucking coming out
nothing Sega needs to buy their building
back in San Francisco like
they're the one company that sends me updates
to their release calendar like
every week on the ball you know
on Friday every week
and there's always no changes have
been made no changes have been made
nothing is coming out
well at any rate it came
out on Nikkei that
they are going to be acquiring
the whole thing for a 14
for 14 billion
yen which is
roughly 141 million dollars
to purchase the
company
so this
probably means that
we might see
them continuing with the
Shin Megami Tensei games
that's a given
but I can't wait for the crossovers
with other Sega games
you know when there's the inevitable Sega
racing
with Danica Patrick and the cast of Persona 5
that would be so weird
so
Technus in chat says
Sega Atlas
and 5th Dream says Atlas Sega
but anyway the company itself hasn't made
the announcement on it yet
but it is public on Nikkei
so take it for what you will
some folks
disappointed
I don't know how to really use that word
in this context but some folks
were disappointed slash surprised
slash I don't know that it wasn't Nintendo
who bought Atlas
thinking that Nintendo might want to grab
Persona as an exclusive for the Wii U
and DS and so forth
would have been a pretty big
thing so any thoughts on
that why maybe Nintendo didn't decide
to do it? I think Nintendo's got
their own thing going on
you know I think they're looking
if they're going to purchase a company
my thought is that they would purchase one that has
a little bit more that would
work with them and given
that Nintendo's already been working with Sega
it doesn't
mean that we're going to see any fewer
Atlas games come out on
on
Brain Fart
on Nintendo systems
I think also it's just that they don't
sell a lot of copies
people recognize it and
it's definitely a series that a lot of
hardcore gamers are into and I
mean they have a lot of series that hardcore gamers
are into but their best selling game
is just kind of moderate selling
for any other company that's the thing
and I think to
buy the company for a lot
of money doesn't make any sense because you're
not going to make your money back very fast
so that's probably
why and I mean if you think
about it it's not going to make anything
really exclusive because
most of the games come out in 3DS and stuff
anyways PlayStation 3
occasionally but I don't think
I don't know maybe it would
you know
coax them into making more
games for the Wii U or a game
for the Wii U because they don't have any
so I don't know
Alright well let's travel around the world and check out some
release dates
Okay so in the
US there's a few games coming out
they have this Batman Arkham
bundle which is you know the last two Batman
Arkham games, Arkham City and
Arkham Asylum
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 on
DS and 3DS
Did that movie necessitate a sequel?
Apparently from a small company
called Game Mill, yes it did
so you know movie tying games
do well in 3DS
Provolution Soccer 2014
on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
and of course not to be left out
FIFA 14 on PlayStation 3
and Xbox 360 and Vita
well technically it's FIFA 12
but you know they've reskinned it
a few times so FIFA 14
totally brand new addition
Armored Core Verdict
Day on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Scribblenauts Unmasked
a DC Comics adventure on
Wii U and 3DS
and last but not least
if you are looking
to pick up a 3DS
XL system
there is one for Pokemon
X and Y
or I should say two
one blue and one red
those are coming out on the
27th which is Friday
Alright
Shall we travel to Japan
together and look at some release dates there?
I wish! There's a lot coming out
on the 26th I hope you all are ready
there's a heck of a lot of games on
September 26th so here we go on the
PlayStation 3 Arcadius
No! Ikashu Hime
Armored Core Verdict Day in regular
and collector's edition
Ayu Densetsu Sen no Kiseke
comes out in regular and limited edition
Iyuu Sen Hime
comes out in regular and limited edition
Musou Orochi 2 Ultimate in regular
and premium box
and Ore no Imouto Gakkona
ni Kawaii Wakazanai
I can't believe my sister is that cute
that was a funny anime
so that well if you want
there's the HD complete box version of that
which I imagine the anime included
The anime is basically this guy
who's little sister likes to play dating sims
but the ones in particular that she likes
are big brother little sister dating sims
That sounds awkward
It is but it is hilarious
I'm also quite like I'm just blown away
for a minute by the fact that you understood me
speaking Japanese
I'm getting a little like wow
I always thought it was the big joke that I can't
pronounce any of these names but
Well it was certain things
certain parts of the
Well the moment you said Ore no Imouto
I was like oh god is he gonna say
and then the moment you said Kawaii
I was like oh yeah that's it
Fair enough
Painkiller Hell and Damnation
That sounds like a Loki kind of game there
These are all still Playstation 3
and all on September 26
Ruha Tomo Wo Yobo
in regular and limited
Shutsugeki Otometashi no Senjou 2
That's a price reduction however
so don't get too excited about that
On the Xbox 360 far less to look forward to
Armored Core Verdict Day
and Painkiller Hell and Damnation
come out there
I'm trying to see if Painkiller is a
riff on a franchise we have here
I don't recognize this
It's a game that came out a while ago on PC
Painkiller Hell and Damnation
also came out as well
It's a really hard game
like first person shooter in hell
and you have all sorts of crazy weapons and stuff
but yeah
It's also out here
on Playstation 3
at some point as well
Alright we're going to the Playstation Vita
DJ Max Technocatoon gets a price reduction
in Japan that's the Japanese version
those of you interested in importing it though
might want to take the opportunity
Musou Orochi 2 Ultimate
in regular and premium
Ruha Tomo Woyobu
comes out as well
and Iyo Densetsu Sin no Kisuke
comes out and there's a bunch of like little
things like
stickers for the Vita and those types of things
to celebrate the release of that game
On the Wii U this week
Dragon Quest X
has a new version
like a new price version out this week
the new Futsatsu no Shikara
that's their version of Epic Mickey 2
but of course localized for Japan
is out there and then the Legend of Zelda
Kaze no Takuto HD
which of course is
anybody?
Wind Waker
I just knew wind
and on the Nintendo 3DS
again a lot of games this week in Japan
we've gone through like 3 weeks of a dry spell though
Epic Mickey on the 3DS
Gardening Mama
on the 3DS
Makai Oji Dario no Hiho
comes out in regular limited edition
and some
Puyo Puyo stickers
there's no game just stickers
thought you'd enjoy that
how about Tokimeki
Memorial girls side triple pack
it has all three Tokimeki Memorial
games on the 3DS all in one
all the girls
side games
that's it
how about the UK Loki
Loki?
I don't look like her I'm sorry
geez Rob
I just wanted to hear about more shooters
in hell sorry
well on the 24th we have
Alien Rage
and on the 26th there's Shadow Warrior
on PC and Train Simulator
2014
on the 27th Armored Core Verdict
today
FIFA 14
Inazuma 11-3 Lightning Bolt
slash Bomb Blast
that's it
alright just a couple more stories for you guys
and then the classic game of the week
Loki? alright so let's
talk about some Nintendo announcements
here they're bringing
Wii Sports back
as part of Wii Sports Club
it's Wii Sports
in HD
let me pause
for a second and let that sink
in because I don't really see how HD's
going to improve this but sure why not
anyways so they're going to have Wii Sports
which is not a bad thing because people play
Nintendo for Wii Sports nowadays
and it's coming to the
eShop on November 7th
and they're going to start
with a few games so they're
going to start with boxing
was it actually I'm sorry
bowling, tennis, and baseball and boxing
golf starting off with tennis and bowling
and then boxing
baseball and golf are going to be coming later on
they're going to feature enhanced controls
with Wii Motion Plus
so probably just the versions that are from Wii
Sports Resort and
online multiplayer
versus mode
that's pretty cool
Nintendo's going online
with something that's always exciting because it never
fucking happens
it says it'll allow players to register and create
state or regional clubs
so people will be able to play casually
against members of
their own club or take on rival clubs
and then Wii Sports
Club I guess they have
this weird thing that you can do as well
if you don't want to buy the games outright
they can 24 hour period
to try the games
that are available after the trial
there's a day pass available for
$1.99 or permanent purchase
for $10
per individual sport
it's a little high
if you ask me
it's what, five games?
yeah I mean when you consider that no one plays
baseball and no one really plays
well but I kind of like that
that let's be real I only want
the tennis and the bowling as I'm sure a lot
there's a few people who want the others but I only want the
tennis and the bowling and those are the ones I want to
play online so that's kind of nice that I
can only buy those
and it's really
fascinating to me that they are
basically opening up the idea of
you know people
only really play these games when other people
are over and they're having a party
so they're basically building in a rental system
on demand where it's like
you can rent the game for $2 for a day
and instant Wii tennis party
it's
interesting Nintendo is clearly
testing something here
they're testing a lot of things
testing people's patience
here's something else they're testing
so Wii Fit U is going to be available
November 1st as a download
and then later
on December 13th they'll be coming out
as like a bundle and so
November 1st
you will have one month to demo
the game and
that's if you have a Wii Balance board
and then if you decide and you
like the game then you need to
purchase a fit meter which is their
little pedometer thing that's going to tie into it
and then I guess
the fit meter is priced at $20
and that's also coming out on November 1st
and then once you
have that if you want to buy
the package that's going to be coming
I guess December 13th
and then the full game download is coming
February 1st
it's a little different I guess
so how's your Wii Fit
Wii Fit board holding up?
my Wii Fit Balance board right now true story
is propping up
the television you see over there
because you'll notice it has to be propped up a bit
to get over the sound board and we didn't have
anything that was just the right height except the
Wii Balance board mine was
under my TV like just under
I just have it stashed away down there and I put
it away I don't even know what again now I need
to see if the damn thing still works because I
have to admit I'm curious about Wii U
Plus or Wii U Fit Plus
whatever the fuck it's called
that game the fitness game
you want the thing I want the
hot new thingy that everybody's got
well and and it's it's
kind of fascinating to me that it's like alright
so here's the deal yo
if you had Wii Fit before
you get it on this day and it's like
free for a month but then if you want to keep it
you gotta buy this thing but if you don't have any
of it we'll have it all out on this day
and then you can download it on this like I'm like
I'm like
I've gone cross eyed from how
they're trying to get return customers well
yeah and I don't like I'm not saying it's necessarily
a bad idea but it's the whole
thing is just very like it's not what
I expect out of Nintendo
at all I guess that's
a good thing though because if you think about it
that means if I was a supporter of Wii Fit
I can get this upgrade
for 20 bucks and let's be real
it's probably not gonna be
much different than the Wii versions
it will be an upgrade that incorporates
the pedometer or what have you so
it's kinda refreshing that
I can get that for 20 bucks
assuming my stinkin' balance board will
still work after having a TV sitting on it for
two years um
Didn't I try to borrow it once and it didn't work?
Hey here's a fantastic idea
I mean it's just so out there and crazy
why don't they fuckin' have it tie in with
the 3DS that has a goddamn pedometer built
into it oh but that would be too
fuckin' difficult for them now would it?
I would imagine what they're really
going after are those like the what are
they called the Fitbits? The things
that people can wear on their hands like the bracelets
that's what they're going after right? That makes me think of
what was the thing they used to have
the monitor
oh hell I don't remember the Genki monitor or something
yeah something like that Genki monitor
well then there was I don't know there was that
um ridiculous game on the
that was on the DS I think that everybody
walks or whatever that was that
you put the little thing in your pocket and it would just
that was on the Wii was that on the Wii?
yeah thanks Konami
no that was on the DS
no it was on the Wii
it was a part it was a music game
that was walking
no no we're thinking of two different games
I know what you're talking about but there was another
game that like it came with two
little pedometers and you plugged it into your
DS or something and it said you walked
500 steps today let's
upload it to the internet and see how far the world
has walked to the moon would you walk
500 miles? it was like a non-game game you know what that
makes me think of oh my god it makes me think
of Noby Noby Boy on my phone
kind of because like you have to make him
grow and then he has to reach girl
or it's how long it takes girl to reach earth
or some shit
Dark Tetsuya says walk it out
that was the one that was the Konami game I believe
and then
VX Chase and XV
says I want Pokemon Pikachu
pedometer integration
that was a thing too I forgot about that
one of the Pokemon games had that thing too
I miss my Pikachu
so
alright anyhow
let's talk about this as long as we're on Nintendo
because this news gets me very excited
I want this
version of the game to happen and it's Soul Calibur
2 HD on
the Wii U sit down
it's not confirmed yet but
what is being talked about is that
GamesRadar talked to Namco Bandai
at a pre-Tokyo game
show event I believe to see
if the development team would consider
bringing Soul Calibur 2 HD to
the Wii U because as you know right now
the game is only coming out on Xbox Live Arcade
and PlayStation Network but I think
many of us remember the GameCube
version as being the definitive version because it had
Link remember
so even though it's cool that you know
Spawn and Heihachi are going to be
in the other ones we want Link
and we want it on Nintendo so
GamesRadar was told that if the game
does well it's a possibility
they even encouraged
people to spam the producer's Twitter
if they're interested
it's not, it doesn't have anything
to do with the fucking popularity of the game
it has to fucking do with the fact that
no there's not a lot of
console sales and I'm betting that
Tekken or Tekken Tag
Tournament 2 probably fucking bombed
on the Wii U that's why
it's not coming to the goddamn Wii U
it's not because they just
yeah but if they're writing it for 360
I thought the Wii U was supposed to be built
so that it could like take 360
ports really easy I understand
it could take ports really easy but the thing is
why spend the money to port a game
if you're only going to make X amount of sales
it costs money to do a port regardless of how easy
it is it's still
and my thought is you're saying that it has
to sell well in order to do the port
and I'm like well I
I don't want to buy the game twice
so if I buy it on
PlayStation that's it I'm not going to buy it again
it's free to play no you're thinking of
a different Soul Calibur game Soul Calibur HD is not
you're thinking of the new, the one we talked about
last week I thought that was the free to play one
not Soul Calibur HD
Soul Calibur HD is
that was some new game in the series
it's on PlayStation 3 it's not
no you're mixing, you're crossing your Soul Calibur
wires you're forging a new
Destiny for the game I was thinking about
the Soul Calibur 2 HD
that was, that's one of
the three import GameCube games I have
was Soul Calibur
2 just so we could have Link
so we could have it early
SSJ100Matt says
ugh I hate it when they pull that shit
quote if it makes enough money, such a cock tease
do it or don't do it, stop stringing people
along, amen
just do it
talking about fitness
and all this stuff
it's just probably people asking them about it that's all
it's not that they came out and said we have an
idea for a game we're going to make
but only if it sells well
yeah only if it sells well so everybody go buy it
I mean they're not Konami or something
we have no intention of ever making it
unless you pre-order X amount of copies
ha ha ha
alright
that definitely does it for that story
let's go back to a time
when you know it was
a whole lot easier than this
and there was really
only two consoles
either you Ninten did
or you Sega didn't
it is the classic
game of the week Dark Soccer is going to take
a trip down memory lane and find a game that she
thinks hey, you should be playing this game
forget these HD
remasters and all this shit
go back and play a classic
in 4x3, love it
I also have an announcement after this too
about the segment
okay, hmm, nevermind
I would have told you ahead of time
I was like you're going to fucking surprise me with some shit here girl
alright here it is
the classic game of the week Dark Soccer
the game of the week is Mischief Makers
the game is known in Japan
Yuke Yuke Troublemakers
or as it's known on OLR, Dark Sakura
what?
Mischief Makers, get it?
okay
anyway, it is a game
developed by Treasure
and published by Amix
in Japan and published by Nintendo
in the US
it was on the Nintendo 64
it came out in 1997
as one of the first
Nintendo 64
and so your main character is the
ultra intergalactic side-bot
G-Marina Lightyears
or as she's also known, Marina
who is a robotic maid
so you go through the game
and it's
pretty average side-scrolling
thing except it's a treasure game
so you know weirdness is going to
ensue
so she can pick up her enemies, objects, weapons
and even some energy
or projectiles
and they can be thrown or shaken depending on whatever the object is
and crystals can come out
and whenever some
other objects are shaken
there may be another effect that happens
and then
you have another character named Teron
who's able to play in other levels
and has punches
and kicks and blocks
and he can hang from the ceiling
and he can jump
three times consecutively
there's a golden gem in every level
and what it does
I don't know what is up with
OS
anyway
so if you have
the gems, they're used in the final cutscene
of the game
by adding
one to three seconds to the ending
so the extended ending
has extra
character development for the
villains and other
secrets that happen
so the way that you get the gold gem
it differs
from stage to stage
so I suggest finding a walkthrough
if you're going to play it
so you have other gems in the game
they're red, blue, green, and like I said
the gold one
and some of them give health for Marina
red giving the lowest, gold being the highest
and then each stage
is numbered like a Super Mario Brothers level
like a 1, 1, 2, you know
etc. and the worlds
have different elements like world 1
is grasslands, world 3 is snow
and you have different cutscenes
you also get a thing
called a clancer ball
where Marina can throw
herself out of it and aim
toward another ball and
these pots store
different items in it so if you get the right
items you can make very interesting things happen
so like I said it was done
by Anix and Treasure
Treasure is like
Treasure did Gunstar Heroes
they did
Silhouette Mirage
if you want your
bizarre games
and I think
that it was
also one of the last
titles they did in a cartridge
format
because
it was one of their early ones
that did not come out
on a Sega system as well
they thought that Nintendo 64
was going to be the best choice for their projects
of course we know how well that happened
you know
it's like I said
Treasure has a track record
for doing quality games
with very interesting
elements of gameplay in it so
the game got kind of
extra views I mean
it's definitely
geared toward the Treasure fans
but not many people were
too into it because of the limitations
of the Nintendo 64 in terms of
graphics and the way that the game
it was just like a very glorified
SNES game with 3D in it
however
I know I keep saying it
but it is a Treasure game
so if you like Treasure games
this will definitely be up your alley
and it's got really
fun animation and really
adorable
artwork
it's one of my favorites it's one of the
Nintendo 64 games that I still own
so that is my game
of the week is Mischief Makers
or UK UK Troublemakers
UK UK means go go
now you just love
to do these Treasure games
is there any Treasure games you haven't done yet?
I'm not saying it's a bad thing
I'm sure there's Treasure games I haven't done
I mean
I've only done
did I do Bongio?
Treasure did Bongio didn't they?
I'm trying to think if you did that
I think you did at some point
well there it is
there it is your classic game of the week
Mischief Makers by Treasure for the Nintendo 64
so now Dark Sakura
would like to make an announcement
I feel like saying
parquet
is a little crown like the 80s commercials
so many of our listeners will not understand
that is so lost
on so many
that's always what pops into my head every time
you play the stupid little fanfare
is some kid with the crown
parquet was the little thing that would talk
parquet
oh my god this show has dissolved into butter
commercials Dark Sakura what's your damn
announcement?
my announcement is that
I have
on the way here
that I am reevaluating what I do in terms
of systems for the games and I am now
going to be doing it with a year cut off
so starting
with
October I'm going to be doing
games that came up through 2003
so that
I'm keeping a consistent 10 year
gap so that's going to start bringing
in I think
later PS1 games
GameCube games
the end of the Dreamcast cycle
and I believe PS2
we're going to start seeing PS2 games
come in for classic games I seem to remember
about a year ago you did an early
PlayStation 2 game and a lot of people
were like that's not classic
no y'all we're getting older
because these games are 10 years old
I think that's fair so I'm
on top of that I have to say
that no I'm not doing Halo
chatters
chatters are trolling
what started
the thought in my head
it took a while to develop you know the entire
drive here I was looking back
at my shelves going
oh my god some of this is
crap
we do have a lot of shit games
I mean for all of the
you know 300 plus worth
dollar games that we own we have
some shit and I have some games
that are kind of shit that I have just because I
fucking wanted them like Gatchamon
and the shooting I got it because
it was Gatchamon game shut up I have
Kitty the Cool which I got so
I could burn you a copy
if you will remember that
somebody bought me the Hello Kitty GameCube
game and it's not that great
so you know what's funny
with you setting your
10 year limit I want to really
explain to you what this means
because you are doing games
that are 10 years or older
you could feasibly be
doing games that we
talked about their launch on this
program I was
thinking about that and maybe I should
you know put it at our launch date
and earlier but I think 10 years
is a good limit and it opens up
I'm just thinking like oh my god she could
now granted I love you SSJ 100
Matt for linking the Parquet commercial
granted we didn't
expand from the music games only
to all games until about what
2004, 2005
so we still have a few years
to go before you really hit that mark
where yes we talked about these games when they first came out
but the whole thing
I'm thinking of is that now we talk about some of
these games and
they are classic we're seeing
HD remakes because
they are classic oh god Rob
sorry this is linked by SSJ
100 Matt in chat finish your thought and then I'll play this
ok but
by now they are classic
and you know we have to stay
and it doesn't mean I'm going to be doing
only games from 10 years ago
I still have a shit ton
of Cliccovision games and
Intellivision to be fair you've
been doing this segment since episode I mean
this segment has evolved since the early days
of the show because it used to be what it used to be your advice
column you had your link and then the website of the
yeah so now you have your classic so you've only been doing
classic games since what episode 250 yeah
but that's still 270
games but that's that you've covered
exactly it's not even at a
halfway point anymore that I
started doing this and for the record
I do kind of miss the website of the week just because
the guy from
Weebil and
Bob messaged us
that was pretty cool
that was like a nerdgasm
in my book ok now if I
get you know a shout out from
you know
from Homestuck people or from
the guy the person that does Nedroid
Diary I would be even happier
because those are
my favorites but
yeah I figured by now it's time
it's time to grow up
it's time to acknowledge that I don't want
to grow up I'm an O.L.R.
kid there's a million games O.L.R.
that I can play with
Lord but
I'm thinking at this
point enough of our listeners
who might have been
a little too young for us back in the
day yes might
appreciate something that's a little bit more
in their realm of experience from
time to time fair enough fair enough
black wolf is trying he says
in our chat room halo classic game
of the week let's make it happen
you know Bobby it will happen
if you send me a $25 gift card
to California Pizza Kitchen
you too can bribe dark soccer
for the classic game of the week
ok so for you youngins
that didn't catch dark soccer's reference
earlier here you go courtesy
of SSG-100 Matt
oh
my god that font
that came through really quiet
so sorry to the live Atari commercials
I will have to bump that in post production
to make it actual volume for the podcast
listeners yeah that did not come through very well for
live sorry about that very very quiet
the imperial commercials where the kids would
take a bite of their toast with their
imperial butter on it and then
get a little crown and go do do do
so
alright
I'm old shut up by the way I want to
point out in chat room SSG-100
Matt says I'm putting in five bucks
Brad says I'm putting in five bucks
dude if you guys totally buy me
CPK I'll fucking do it two weeks
in a row
using this show
for your own nefarious purposes
boy oh boy alright
you know what
I've been doing this free for a long time
at least
you can get a pizza you know what
I think that's fair you know we've done this show
what five hundred and twenty weeks out of our lives
at least let's get a pizza out of it
do you remember when I was
trying to get Pinkberry to sponsor us for how long
I know right Pinkberry listen
but you remember when I was doing
pump up the volume yeah and yes
it was totally named after the movie
and Loki did my intro for that
to everybody knows because it was used
in the movie and he said
tune in and give her a dollar
someone sent me a dollar
I did the intro
you did my intro yeah you did
you did my intro I remember it
I'll dig it up Loki I don't remember
I think you probably need the copy of it again
we should play it during part B Rob
that's a tough task for me to find it
I can't guarantee I have it
but um
oh dude are you guys serious fuck
I love you guys OTB that must be
outside the box I have the intro for that
I don't know if I have I probably have
it somewhere but you
know it started off with the
you know Leonard Cohen
singing everybody knows and then
it had Loki speaking
wow I have DDR freak radio
bumpers how did I even get those I wasn't
running that site
uh we have a spammer in chat I'm
going to boot them smack on
all right good job
all right uh let's go to a break we're gonna
uh take a break here there's plenty more
Orange Lounge Radio and Crazy Antics to come
don't go anywhere guys uh coming up in part B
Frugal Question of the Week all about
HD games uh Loki has an
excuse to talk more Grand Theft Auto 5
but for a good reason and uh
we'll also it's always a good reason we'll talk about
another game we've been talking about for a few weeks also
a good reason to talk about Mighty Number 9 and what's
going on with that so plenty more to come when we
come back after this with more of Orange
Lounge Radio
welcome back
everybody to Orange Lounge Radio
live here at voggenetwork.com
with the 520th
episode of our show
September 22nd
2013 and uh
a big thanks of course to everybody who turns up
to listen to the show live
and in podcast form
uh I know for live tonight
we're going up against what the Emmys are tonight
although I mean I don't know why these award
shows are such a big deal but maybe I'm just
jaded from doing this on Sunday night for so long
but I know the Breaking Bad finale
is tonight too and I'm sure a lot of people
are excited about that
but that's why they have DVR
that's why you tape it and watch it later
but speaking of recording
speaking of recording and watching it
later I know a lot of people listen to us on the podcast
feed uh be it through Stitcher
or iTunes or whatever
I mean there's a lot of ways to know
some people might still be rocking this on the PSP
which does remind me to also
say um olrpsp.com
has closed
uh I think well I think it was
this week that it finally was turned back over
to GoDaddy who I'm sure has a spam site up
in its place um so
that is no longer accessible
at that website but if you do have a PSP
and you have badly
you're like oh what was I missing at olrpsp.com
even though it's so out of date
I don't even think it ever it still tries to access
the stream at our old network
but not even their current stream
like an old stream at the old network
uh you can still visit the graphics
Loki did do a bang up job on the site
orangeloungeradio.com
slash psp you just have to do it the long way
and I'm pretty sure the old games radio
streamer does not work anymore
I'm pretty sure it goes to their old feed
because I think it had broke it had been broke
at one point when they switched servers and
everybody was like Loki update it Loki update it
and you were like no
I have an updated site here
I'm not gonna start now
the studio points out there's also a bitly
so bit.ly slash
olrpsp will also get you there
so there you go
um anyhow uh
thanks again to all you guys who listen and participate with the show
speaking of live participators
uh it was brought to our attention
during the release date segment that we go over
that we missed one big release
that's coming out this week probably because
it's in the download space but
some of our chatters namely Alan Alchemy
and ActDeft very excited about
Pac-Man Championship Edition
Deluxe Plus which is
on PC I know they've been hoarding it
on Steam uh Wednesday September
25th uh and then
also the DLC pack for
consoles will be the same day because I believe
it's new to PC I don't think it's been out on PC
yet so it'll be on Steam 9.25
and then the DLC upgrade
uh will hit consoles on September 25th
so that's it sounds like they're adding a lot
to it like they probably could have done a third
game out of it but they're not so
just wanted to throw that out there because after
all they could have done a third game
but they didn't they could have
not unlike
another company we know right
Half Life 2 DLC
episode confirmed they need to talk to Capcom
and learn about counting to three
pretty much the third game for Pac-Man
3 on Steam
Half Life 3 confirmed
maybe that's one of the big announcements who knows
alright uh let us get into
some rapid fire news some quick
news it's funny when you
some of you guys in chat are like I'm surprised they haven't
mentioned this yet well that's
stay tuned in this rapid fire news
give us a chance geez people
hurry up and wait Loki
so Disney Infinity is getting
some free toy boxes
um as part of DLC
and um
the first one or I should say
one of them is gonna be the Tron Highway
so yes you're gonna
finally be able to get your Tron stuff in the
toy box mode which is pretty fantastic
um
and I guess it's gonna offer
some uh cool stuff racing
I guess along tracks and stuff
um some of the other ones are coming out too
Sugar Mania so there you go
there's your uh your Sugar Rush
stuff right there Monster Rally
and Cosmic Platformer
oh and
I like this one um
it's a trap is one that's
also being released
cause you know Disney
owns Lucas now so
wow funny
I don't think that's necessarily gonna be a
Star Wars theme but it would be hilarious
they're teasing you into thinking it is
yes they know what they're doing
they know what they're doing um
so yeah so that's gonna be available
I guess um
sometime soon doesn't
really say oh October 3rd
is when those are gonna be available so
it's kinda cool
hey you know what you may be able to just pick up
Disney Infinity cause I may be selling them on eBay
soon yeah
cause I don't have time to play with Grand Theft Auto
taking up my entire life
Gravity Rush
is getting a sequel and
um I believe that's still coming to the Vita
and they were kinda they teased it
with a trailer that came out
of um
uh what was it uh
what the fuck was this weekend
or this week Tokyo Game Show
hello thank you um
um so yeah so far confirmed
for the Vita but um no word yet on
when um if that's gonna be other
systems PlayStation 4 that kind of stuff
I would think keep it on the Vita it was a pretty good
Vita exclusive game although
I mean they practically well they still give it away
if you well if you have PlayStation Plus you know
you have to be on board with that but yeah so
that's pretty cool um it's worth your time
though yeah and uh
no word on when that's
coming out and then last but not least one of the
cool pieces of integration
for Grand Theft Auto
5 is this iFruit companion
app that you can get on iOS
um very disappointing that it's not an
Android yet but with it you can do a bunch
of cool stuff including customizing your car
you can customize the license plates that are on your
car and they actually appear in game
as well oh that's kinda cool um
you can even raise Chop which
is the dog that Franklin
um ends up getting and
uh you can train him and stuff
and walk him just like you can with
intent dogs except you know with a little bit
of a twist including um
you know he'll fetch
grenades and severed hands and stuff
like that um and they're gonna be adding apps
to it as well so um
it's pretty cool and it's free
so if you have you know an iOS device
then pick it up
if you have an Android device don't
download any ones that are out there because they're all scam
apps they're all scam right now
I love that they have that tie in
though that's awesome they have a lot of ties that it actually
goes in your game yeah they have that and social
club stuff you know there's actual real
websites you can visit you get in game
discounts and stuff with and
just all sorts of crazy stuff Final Fantasy
14 has an app but it doesn't like it's
it's like the Warcraft armory you can like
look up characters and stuff in game but you can't really
do anything with it otherwise but
kinda neat I like seeing the
whole tie in there now that's second screen right
alright sort of yeah
alright speaking of second screen
something on the Wii U popped up
a message mentioning
that Mario and Sonic at the Sochi
2014 Winter Games will be available
on the eShop on November 8th
all controversy
about the Winter Games and where it's being held
aside these Mario
and Sonic games have done very
very well a lot of you guys
probably really
I mean cause they're not really for hardcore gamers
they're really geared for casual gamers and
kids but these games do insanely
well like it's one of the biggest properties
on the Wii so this is
a pretty big deal this is happening on the Wii U
there was a reveal
trailer if you think back to the Nintendo Direct
then there was another trailer
that said there will be 16 events in the game
Wii Motion Plus Wii U gamepad
both being used some will use both
the biathlon uses the Wii
remote for skiing and then the gamepad for the sniping
so there you go that will
all be out November 8th
so uh
Wii balance board support I see
no probably not probably a little soon
for that I don't know so
there you go
I'm
as much as I don't want to get too political on this show
obviously you all know I have some strong opinions
on certain subjects and so
you know obviously I can't
condone some of these laws
that we've heard about in Russia
that are just back in the stone age
so is Birdo not gonna be
allowed to play in these games?
I was gonna
say something serious but we'll just leave it at that
fair enough
you play PC 4.0
I didn't even realize Uplay was a thing on PC
I knew it was on the consoles
I guess Ubisoft wants their buy to
the PC gaming market as well
there will be a new version of it in October
and it will have new features including
Twitch TV integration
well it's something that's bundled with
all the Ubisoft games so if you have it on Steam
you still have to log into your fucking Uplay
bullshit yeah
I must not own any Ubisoft games on PC
I have on consoles
I have a couple Just Dance games
and Zombie You
and Blood Dragon
I don't remember if Far Cry 2 did
but yeah
well there you go
Uplay will also be available on the Xbox One and the
PlayStation 4 when those consoles make their retail
debuts but I don't know
like I imagine
those consoles are already streaming anyway
so whatever
and then last but not least
for all two of you
at Orange Lawns Radio that will care about this news
La Mulana 2
it is out there
folks no all kidding aside
this is an indie game that gets a lot of attention
partially for
its throwback to the retro days partially because
of how difficult it is but
La Mulana 2 apparently
not available on PC until next year
but it was
spotted at Tokyo Game Show 2013
and there's even like a little
logo out there La Mulana 2
the zeroth body the night spirit
I don't know how else to read that the zeroth body
sounds right there it is
and you will probably die
many more times than
zero playing La Mulana 2
I think Dark Tetsuya
needs new underwear now he might
so in other news
speaking of people who need new underwear
I'm thinking of my husband now
Strider HD
this is
did you watch the trailer Rob?
yes I did
it is hot
it's supposed to be a Metroidvania
type game
which people are a little bit sort of
back and forth on but for the most part
it's gotten some really positive reviews
and so I'm looking forward to it coming out
but I just wanted to mention
that it is getting really good reviews
previews I guess would be really
yeah but
I think that everyone owes it to themselves
to dedicate themselves to the religion
of Hiryu
and definitely check out the
you know think about it
think about it this way Loki hasn't
shut up about Grand Theft Auto 5
I haven't shut up about Final Fantasy 14
Dark Sakura will have her day when this
game comes out
I need a moment
I need a moment
I'm a little warm
I'm a little warm
do I need to get some paper towels
this is getting gross
someone fetch a towel
Austin now this is a cool game
and I was watching a little bit of the play on this
it was one of the fastest
greenlit games ever
and it went in five
days
a game by Polish developer Blue Brick
called Superhot
and basically what it is
it's
basically your characters are like
black outlines against
all white but normally
shaded environment
with lots and lots of red blood
the thing about this is that time
only moves when you move
so if someone shoots at you
you can stop walking
and the bullets stop
and you can dodge them
dodge them
so it just seemed like a really neat concept
and we've seen something like this done with
you know bullet time and max pain
but nothing to the extent of
actually having it stop
so the only way to win is not to play the game
yes
you have to
you definitely have a goal within the game
but
you can move around the things that are in your way
Loki you just lost the game
and last but never least
and I'm looking forward to this as well
Bayonetta actually is
having a theatrical release
an animated theatrical release
that will be out in November in Japan
and I will have to talk to people who live there
to tell me
how it is
Krista go watch the movie for me
so
it's named Bayonetta
Bloody Fate and it will be out on November 23rd
you know it's gonna be out
and people will fan sub it
of course
fan subbers gonna sub
alright
are we ready to get to the foogle
question of the week? I sure hope so
because if not
you're gonna check out for a minute
I guess
we love to hear from listeners
so every week we ask a
question at facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio and our google plus
page available for a search
available when you search for orange
lounge radio a lot of comments
this week I'm not gonna be able to read them all
I'm so sorry but
a lot of great feedback on the question this week
let me tell you what the question is
it was announced this week that Wii Sports would become the
latest game to get an HD version or
remaster if you will
this is in addition to other HD remakes
we've seen this year Kingdom Hearts for example
and even previously with God of War
and so forth so what's your opinion
on HD remakes? Do you enjoy
them or do you think it's not a good use of
developer resources?
Redertainment on google plus says
HD remaster or remake might be good if
the game is a revered classic but Wii Sports
come on what's next
Golf for the NES? Wait
I've played Golf for the NES it's the
Grand Theft Auto 5 mini game
E3
VL or Evel says
I think it gives the new generation of gamers
a chance to experience past games who are
put off by older graphics
gamers who missed old gems in the past
like Shadow of the Colossus are
able to experience the game now due
to wider availability without paying the high
eBay cost. Personally
I'll pay for the game again if they add
new content along with the updated
visuals like the Wind Waker HD with its
gameplay tweaks and the gamepad support
or have additional bonus content
all DLC in the Resident Evil HD
games which could cost
which would cost more if obtained
separately. Good thoughts
you know though if somebody is really
going to ignore a classic game because of
graphics though I really think
they're missing out I mean there's just some
classic games you can't really HD
like Kaboom on the Atari
2600 that is a classic
game but you can't like yeah
I mean there's some they tried Tetris
right? The only thing that did
kicks right was Miss New World
and
to be fair the Tetris on the Game Boy
or I think the DS Tetris was
amazing that was a great version
of Tetris. And let's not forget Gals Panic
is awesome. Of course of course
so those are some of the answers from Google Plus
let's get to some of the answers from
Facebook
Andrew S says I wouldn't mind a Tony Hawk
Underground or as my friend and I
refer to it as Thug Remaster
it would bring
it would bring it out of PS2 graphics
Renee our buddy
from Koopa Club says
to HD or not to HD
that is the question
whether it is nobler the developer
to suffer the slings and arrows of outraged
reviewers for not offering new
and instead recycling the same game format
and content or to take arms against
a sea of troubles from development, programming
and marketing and by providing new content
either limited or a completely
new game altogether and by
opposing end them to try to
release an HD version in timely fashion
I see what you did there
and you get a slow clap
it is a tough
question that they have to ask
Red the Haze says I like
HD remakes as it lets people try
out older games they may have missed
with updated graphics and performance
as much as I think Wii Sports HD
is a good idea for new Wii U owners to
try out Wii Sports it just feels
icky for them to try something like this for what
was a free pack-in title
especially with the lack of unified account system
on with Nintendo consoles
other than that HD remakes are great
Degenerate Johnny
says the fact of the matter is that
many of us gamers cling to the memories
and experiences of the games we have played earlier
in our lives an HD remake
offers the chance for us to relive those
memories with a fresher feel to it
that is part of the answer I am going to
cut the rest of it for time
For the Fallen Dreams 13 says
I enjoy HD remakes of games because
it's just about making a game I was already in love
with bigger, brighter, and more
aesthetically pleasing given the
developer does it justice
also not everyone's older consoles
still work dot dot dot
that's an answer I personally agree with
unless you're me
Dart Charger says
as someone who has invested in a lot of HD
remakes I feel they sound cooler
than they actually end up being
the nostalgia is often
fleeting with few exceptions
Scott W says
I enjoy HD remakes as long as they bring something
extra like Final Fantasy 10 HD
with the international content included
Kingdom Hearts looks great too
Ziba says I enjoy the HD remakes
definitely the nostalgia feeling that's best
it's even better when they add some special things
to keep interest going
Eddie K says it's a lazy but effective
way to make money
nostalgia sells huge in the
video game industry
Virtual Phil also
from Koopa Club says I guess if you have the money
to burn then it's cool but like
DuckTales HD was fun for 10 seconds
and now everyone is all over the next
HD remake they tend to be
a bit gimmicky
and that was followed by the colon x face
you know what
Dan is still playing that game
because he's achievement hunting on it
Tiger Claw
says an HD remake of a game would be worth
it if they add some new content to it
the problem is they tend to be a shot for shot
remake of the original game where you
know where all the items are located
and how to beat the levels
I'm down for an HD version of Wii Sports as long as
they add online multiplayer to it
and lastly
Gamer Girl says don't know if this counts
but I am really loving DuckTales
Remastered I think they should come out with
more because a lot of the younger generation
doesn't even know the mind blown
that they're missing out on
again some of the answers I'm so sorry I had to cut some of those for time
Facebook.com slash orange launch radio
if you want to read all of the answers in their entirety
a big thank you to all of you that
took the time to answer that I did read them all
so what are your guys thoughts
quickly on HD remasters
I think they're great I agree with the guy
that said you know what the old consoles don't
always work I like the stuff like
trophy support and so on and
it's just icing on the cake when they go back and make
it a little bit better
I'm kind of
I don't know how
I feel about it to be honest because
I hardly ever go back and buy them
except for the ones that are like super
nostalgic that really
are a true update like you know like
DuckTales was you know that was a big
nostalgic kick I have it Dan
has it I'm not
getting the Final Fantasy
X set because
I already have X, X-2
and I have X
International so
no I have X-2 International
so sort of like what's the point
I actually have the Japanese version of X
I'm a sheep I'm totally getting X
I want it really bad
that being said
I kind of want the HD
Kingdom Hearts but I'm probably just going to wait and play yours
an effective
solution because I'm
unemployed so I have
to measure frugality
and realism versus
you know
needs
versus wants
Final Fantasy 14 I bought the collector's edition
that was my anniversary
present Grand Theft Auto 5
is my anniversary present to my husband
because I am an awesome wife
so
we make it for occasion so if
it came out if a really awesome
HD remake came out and it's a round
like Strider well Strider's not really
a remake though we're fucking getting that you know that
but it falls in the
same category as DuckTales but also Strider
is Dan's favorite
game in the fucking universe
for Strider you'll eat ramen for a week
he made me play through the
Genesis version when I moved out here to see
if he wanted to bury me
well he didn't say that aloud
but I have a feeling that my ability to beat
Strider was one of the requirements
of marriage and what did he have to do for you
fair is fair right?
what did he have to do for me?
not irritate me?
I don't know
he kept me supplied in video games
for the last 15 years so I feel good about that
fair enough he hasn't kicked me
out for being a shiftless layabout for the
last two years it's not my fault
I'm not employed but still fair
enough alright let's talk about some other
gaming news and what else is going on in the industry
Loki why don't you start us off
okay so let's talk some more Grand Theft
Auto it sold
one billion dollars
worth of copies in the first
three days and
that's a
record in fact it broke
a record for day one sales too
800 million dollars
the previous
landmark I think was
Call of Duty Black Ops 2 which only
did I want to say 450
million
and also
it hit a billion dollars faster in Call of Duty
Black Ops 2 as well they hit a billion dollars
in 15 days instead of
three
so yes it's the largest entertainment
launch in history
not bad
fun fact
in the history of films
only
17 movies
have grossed a billion dollars
worldwide and that's total
17 movies total now
the oldest one of the 17
is
1993
this is like the Jurassic Park episode because
the movie is the oldest
one on the list there because you know it costs more to see
a movie these days than it used to if you were to change
for inflation
like Gone with the Wind or something would probably be up there but
yeah only 17 movies have ever done a billion
dollars worth of business and that was over
the course of being in the theater
for what we Titanic the number
two grossing movie of all time two billion
dollars done but that was
what that was in theaters for like six months
and then re-released in the
whole IMAX thing right
so I mean this is huge that a video game did that
practically overnight no movies done it
overnight or three days
still
even can some
folks guess some of the other movies the top 17
on the list just for fun
well I know the top grossing movie
for 24 hours was Harry Potter
and the
it was Harry Potter and the
Deathly Hallows part 2 is number
four on the all time list it was 91 million
dollars in 24 hours that
was the the video
or DVD I'm sorry the
movie record for top grossing
24 hours I can tell you what the top two were no fair
peaking but okay well I haven't because my
glasses because
I remember the news past when avatars are past
Titanic avatar is the number one movie of all time
and Titanic would be number two Titanic would be
number two correct just quickly
Marvel's the Avengers number three
because of Jaws Iron Man
three number five Transformers
Dark of the Moon number six that surprised
me Lord of the Rings The Return
of the King number seven Skyfall
number eight The Dark Knight
Rises number nine that
surprised me too because I always thought The Dark Knight
did better but I guess with the year difference
and then lastly number ten I
won't read the whole list but Pirates of the Caribbean Dead
Man's Chest is number ten so just
kind of a fun little comparison those are the movies
that have raked a billion dollars
so
neat and they're just getting started
mm-hmm
alright
well moving on to a game
that will sadly probably not to break a billion
dollars because we're just not sure if the game is ever
going to come out here or not it was
spotted on Steam Greenlight this week
Ghosts and Goblins Online
you know how they can get that to break a billion dollars
charge one dollar for every life
hahaha
good work
dead
Ghosts and Goblins Online this has a long history
you want to talk about an old game it was originally
supposed to be a multi-platform release in 2003
but then development
stopped before it was completed
then there was a second attempt that was also
canned C9
did the whole Steam Greenlight
campaign and they were bringing back
Ghosts and Goblins Online with co-op platforming
PVP combat and frequent
updates that do new items and upgrades
but
I say was because then
it got pulled
Capcom actually had this pulled
and we're not totally sure on what it was
but their statement was quote
the Steam Greenlight page for Ghosts and Goblins Online
that went live yesterday was wrongly
posted by the game's Korean
developer C9 and the page has
now been removed. Ghosts and Goblins
was released last year in
Korea, China and Taiwan and I seem to
remember that now that there was the
Ghosts and Goblins because I remember we talked about it on the show
we were like oh of course we don't get it
here but they get it over there and there are
no plans for the title to be
released in Europe or North America
hmm but
very strange that that
showed up on Steam Greenlight I mean
that's more than just one person pushing a button
accidentally you know what I mean? That's very
strange to me
but honestly the game
itself looks very different
than what you guys remember from
you know the classic
days of gaming when that was on the early
consoles and the arcades and so forth
so I kind of think
as much as this sounds great on paper
it's probably not
a game to really
look forward to big time
so alright
let's move on. DarkSaga
Do I gotta? Of course I do
well
this is something that
you know we've seen
the Kickstarter on it
was Mighty No. 9 well guess what
it is heading to the Wii U
it reached its
goal of 2.2 million on Kickstarter
which also means that it's going to be on
PS3, Xbox 360
as well as Wii U
there's still 14 days left on it
and if they hit 2.4 million by
October 1st it's going to have a challenge
mode I want to see it on PC
that'd be nice
but you know what
fuck it I want this game
I might who doesn't?
well I guess we found
out in the Fookle question the other week not everybody
does I suppose if it wasn't that
$20 could buy
me probably a week of food
I'd probably put the money on the game just saying
I thought they were releasing it on PC
I mean I don't know why
they are now
and they're doing that oh no yeah I'm sorry PC was
the original sorry PC was the original
and then the console was added which was
the 360 the Wii U they were doing it through Steam
that was it but now right
yeah but now the Playstation 4 is
the stretch goal or did they hit that too
see that it just says PS3
I don't know why I said PC
they just said
PS3, Xbox 360 and Wii U
the next
goal is challenge mode
they are up to 2.4 million
so they just hit challenge mode they just hit that today
oh they did? they just hit it today
end stage boss
end stage boss is the next one they have to hit
if they can get all the way to 3.3 million
they'll be a Playstation 4 and Xbox One
version it could happen
they've got 8 days to go
so it's got to happen
pretty quick I kind of don't think it's going to make
the Playstation 4 and Xbox One
I think we'll be lucky if we get to this beck and call
online however
if it still sells enough copies
of it outside of their
Kickstarter true it could happen anyway
that's very true I mean it's coming out next year
it just might happen it might
we'll see
alright well let's
move on Loki a few more stories
here and then the mailbag
so with all this talk about next
gen stuff we've talked a little bit about
this whole upgrade program that they're supposed
to have for Xbox
One and Playstation 4 well here's
how it's going to work a little bit on the Playstation 4
to play a
digital Playstation 4 version
of an eligible retail
Playstation 3 game you have to redeem a
code that comes with the game
if you buy it on the Playstation store
so if you buy like say a digital copy
of you know battlefield
or something like that it
will automatically unlock
the game on Playstation 4
when you play it if
you happen to use that code to download
I think the digital version it will require you to still
have the disc and the drive and they're
saying that the next gen versions
of the games
will appear for like 10 bucks
I guess if you have that code as well
and then
one game though that isn't
going to require an additional fee to upgrade
it is Final Fantasy 14
you will get a free transfer
from Playstation 3 to Playstation 4
however it is a one time transfer
so once you've done it you lose rights to
your Playstation 3 game unless of course
you buy another copy that part was weird
to me because I don't understand you know in Final Fantasy 11
you had all of it
if you had like a 360 disc you could
sign on with your PC account
I mean granted you had to
people still got a code because they bought the game on
360 or whatever but it was just I don't know
it's kind of like you could do all of it
but yeah
well I'm
still excited at least that you know I'll have the
Playstation 4 version because I plan on getting a
Playstation 4 and it will be nice to have Final Fantasy 14
on it so why play it on
Playstation 3 when I have the Playstation 4
and that will be I don't understand why they I mean
it's not like you can
play the game
you know for free or something
like you can play on two systems
at the same time or something
we're running out of space on this TV to hook
in a new console so if we plug in a new console
something's getting moved to the bedroom
and so the thought is that obviously
like oh we're getting the Playstation 4 let's put the
Playstation 3 well technically
Alan has both consoles there on the
bedroom TV but we'll move the PS3
with all our save files on it to the bedroom
but I'm actually kind of thinking
the 360 might be the one to get
exiled to the bedroom
so we'll see I don't know
what the Wii U
I mean the Wii U you don't need that screen you can play
second screen you technically don't even need
it hooked up to anything honestly though I'm
playing more Wii U than I'm playing Xbox 360
these days truth
system selector
is that true facts? true facts
that reminds me I need to get on virtual
console and get Super Mario Brothers for a dollar
or whatever they're charging for it you know
what I probably have like five copies
of Super Mario Brothers but not on
two screens at the same time you know
what Rob you're spoiled
and she does if she has a
DS copy of the game or a 3DS
copy of a game true that's true which
I think I do true I don't
know what I have you know since we were talking
about NES memories and I
know I've told this story on the show many
times but I don't care I'm telling it again
one of my earliest memories
of Dark Sakura was when I
was when I went to her house that she
had with Dan out in a
city or part of town oh
the hood house I walked
in the house and Dan had
all these guys over all his guy friends
were over and there were TVs all
over the house every
single person was playing I
believe it was The Legend of Zelda
it was everybody was playing Zelda
with Nintendo so I took it to
TVs and I was like Jamie you've got
like 10 copies of
The Legend of Zelda all going at the same time
what the hell's going on here and she said
it's our land party it's our local area
Nintendo party they all started
Zelda at the same time and they're trying to see
who's gonna beat it first and Dan's currently in
the lead that's why I married him
you know they still do that right
or no you hadn't married him yet but he was you know
that's why it took us a while to get married but
you know he still does stuff like that
or he'll have Jeff over
and they'll take turns
playing through a game just to see how
they can speed run it together now that
is Nintendo gaming on
two screens at once or in that case
god there was literally there's like a TV
on the dining room table a TV in the living
room a TV in the back room
like any place they could put a fucking
TV with Nintendo it was
in that house I'm like your electric
bill must be scary that was back when we
were happy to have our 60 megahertz processor
computer well yeah it was
over 10 years it was before OLR started
it was a while ago and there was his
friend that had the PC
built into a old metal
toolbox nice that was pretty cool
yeah that was that was pretty
fun all right anyhow
sorry to digress there a little bit
but let's talk about let's talk about a
classic game of sorts from
another day here at Orange Laundry
we used to talk about a lot pop
in music remember pop in music
if you haven't seen this game
you know you know the board game
trouble with the pop-o-matic bubble right
imagine a music
game controlled with nine of those
pop-o-matic bubbles that is what pop in music
basically is and
you might have seen this like it sometimes shows up in
like if see Japanese arcades like there's a very
famous scene in Lost in Translation that movie
with Bill Murray that had pop
in music in it I did that a couple weeks ago
so yeah pop in music
out there and it is coming to iOS
that is the news
Konami has announced an iOS version
of pop in music we don't know much more than that
we're all just kind of crossing our
fingers and our toes that it's not based
off the Nintendo Wii U version
and that it is far better
than beat and groovy on the 360
which was I want pop in music
I want pop in music
I hope it's good I hope it has the Goonies
theme in it that's one game I will not get rid of
I had so much fun because you know what I played
it was pop in music what's the last one
Party I got to play
the gachamon theme and I was
singing along with it and the lady
running the place was like we're giving
me a look because I knew the lyrics
hey shut up I like gachamon
I remember there was
a pop in music machine that was all anime
music and they used to have it on arcade infinity
yeah arcade infinity had that and then
I was playing cat's eye
yeah nice
that's right I forgot that there were
licensed songs in pop in music at one point
yeah it was really fun
and oh the Yamato theme
song
well it came out over here
wasn't the star trek theme in there
randomly too? I think it was
everything's been in that game
everything's been in that game but I freaking love pop
in music
just traveling back
through the past and so forth
I could do pop in music as a classic
you could yeah I could
but will I? I don't know I did DDR
wait till we get to episode 573
you need to hold off a little bit
maybe alright
let's see if our
emailers take us to memory lane this week
mailbag at
orangelaungeradio.com again that's mailbag
at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to
send us emails and every week
dark soccer will dive into the mailbag head first
and pull out some emails
and hopefully do not have anthrax in them
or are written in
mandarin or all those freaking
spam emails
hurt you all no I know
I'm gonna cut all those bitches somebody was helping
me get set up with that and all that too I just
priorities, priorities
dark soccer can I still cut a bitch?
of course mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com
well this person is not a bitch
so it's uh
it's not exactly about games
but it's up our alley Rob definitely up our
alley hey OLR crew
AZHP here I have a question that's not
quite gaming related but that I
know is not allowed
hey hush you
but I know is a topic near and dear
to many of the OLR hosts heart
many as in two of us
you're not so into the Disney
land no
okay
but it's not like you hate Disneyland no I don't hate
Disneyland I'm talking of course about
Disneyland I am thinking
of taking my girlfriend to Disneyland for
anniversary in late November do it
I was wondering if you guys had
any recommendation for how many days we should spend
one or two two and whether or not
we should get a park cop or pass or just go
in one of the parks get to
get your park
offer trust me because yeah
get it and which
park is better in your opinion is
quote better
the main park if you have
to pick one but California
adventure has tons of fun stuff and the good thing
is that when one side is
busier usually the other side is a
lot less busy and you can drink in California
adventure which sometimes you need
to get through the other park
my honest my honest advice
if your girlfriend's never been to Disneyland is that
did I catch that in the email that the girlfriend had never
been or hadn't been in a long time it doesn't say
if either of you have not been to Disneyland
in a very long time or
you know you've never been
take the two days to go so
that way you can spend one day in each
park type of thing Disney does have a deal
it's not a park hopper per se but it's one
day one park for like two days
you know but again just kind of
I think the park hoppers are a little better for what
Jamie said you can hop literally hop from one
park to the other but don't forget the California
adventure ever since they finished their
remodel with Cars Land
and you know redoing some of the rides
it is a premium it's not a joke
anymore it's a premier park it's a
fun place to go you can spend an entire
day there easy the next thing in the email takes
me to that point we are from San Francisco
so the draw of an authentic northern California
experience from Disney's California adventure is not
a factor for us they're changing it well
that's gone yeah don't worry about it because
that I mean well like they have a
Ghirardelli shop in the wharf area
but I mean they completely change like the thing to
represent the palace of fine arts is now
Ariel's freaking grotto ride or whatever
it's not what it used to be no it's not
they even took down at the time it was the
world's largest ceramic mural
the Whoopi Goldberg movie is gone
and that's saying a lot but definitely
go see the Aladdin thing trust me
go see the Aladdin thing it's awesome
um I do
like the toy story roller coaster
shooter midway madness that's
super fun just make sure to bring Advil
because your arm will hurt when you're done
and I like not if you're a guy
no you should be used to that
back and forward motion just
maybe not no it is kind of low
isn't it let's keep going with the email
la la la la la
and I like the one roller coaster
that's in the dark and stuff oh there's a lot of
easy ways to practice I mean
you know what
anyway I'd like to hear the host's thoughts
and recommendation tell your girlfriend
she might need to practice
only if she's in to reach around
stand across the room this poor emailer
was not anyway I'd like
to hear the host's thoughts and recommendations so I can
start budgeting and planning this thanks and
keep up the great work yours truly
AZHP
yes we actually
I took Dan to see Aladdin
and I saw Bobby saying that you
took him to see I did when we went
after E3 I took Dan
and I went to see Aladdin and we sat next to an
Australian guy and his son and his son
was so adorable but we kept chatting with the guy and
told him places to eat and that type of thing
see Bobby and I did both
parks in one day but he's been before
and there's a lot of things that Bobby's
like I don't need to do that
I don't need to do that like Bobby didn't want to do
like the upside down roller coaster
you know there's certain things on his list
so there wasn't an upside down one
at California Adventure there is oh yeah
California but it's not even that bad
it's so smooth
my other suggestion would be if you and your girlfriend
can kind of put out a list and you kind of find that
you know there's
some rides we don't really want to do
maybe you can do them both in a day
but I would say take the time to take it slow
if you want to make it
really romantic dude
get some reservations at Carthay Circle
or Blue Bayou
I think Carthay Circle is
really good
the food's really good
Blue Bayou is a classic you have to kind of decide
if you really want to get laid do both
well you know
I typically do Blue Bayou when I'm there for my birthday
and lunch is cheaper and still
romantic
yeah and you get free desserts if it's your birthday
at any rate
actually
this is what you should do
get dessert reservations
for Fantasmic
have you ever done that?
not for Fantasmic I've done World of Color dinners
but for Fantasmic you basically have a big dessert bar
and you get to sit
and getting to sit during Fantasmic
is the best part
but you get like
really good ice cream desserts
and cake and stuff
I went with Kristin and Megzy for that
and it was fun
alright we could have a Disneyland podcast but we better move on to the next email
just talk to us later trust me
SSJ100Matt in chat says
OLR helping you get laid for
520 episodes and counting
last email
greetings OLR
I decided to send you guys an email
since you have been getting very few recently
I'm a long time listener and a second time emailer
I wanted to share my thoughts
on Grand Theft Auto 5 and the PS3
with you the game looks great and I have enjoyed
the past games ever since GTA 1
on the PC however I don't own
a PS3 or Xbox 360
so I cannot currently play Grand Theft Auto 5
with the recent price drop of the PS3
I am tempted to pick up one
and it's 199 euro
the one with the 12 gigabyte
and flash storage but I am not
sure if this is a wise purchase
with the new consoles coming out the system is
dying and money is tight as I'm
saving it for a new PC for work
do you think it is worth
waiting for the PC version of Grand Theft Auto 5
is there any indication
that this time around there won't be a PC
version they've already seen coding for the PC
I think there's going to be a PC version it's just
not going to be right now
on top of that you won't have to worry about graphics
since you're saving up for a new PC right
it would be
interesting to hear your thoughts on the purchase of a console
near the end of its life cycle but with new machines
on the horizon is it still worth
it because it is a blu ray player
and does Netflix and all that
I mean yeah it's fairly cheap
I mean it depends on what
your needs are you know you can build a PC
that has a blu ray player in it too and does Netflix
we have a PC hooked up to our
TV right now at my house
the only thing that we do not do
on that thing is watch blu rays
which we use our PS3 for
so it's just a matter
and you might even find system refurbs
that are even cheaper
so you'd have to check
I'm not sure that you've got craigslist
but I'm sure that you've got
thrift stores and the equivalent
of flea markets
places like that
so you might even look into finding one
at any other place
I would say too don't forget that this generation
of consoles will not be backwards compatible
with the upcoming
you know what I mean the PS4 will not play
PS3 games and the Xbox One will not play
360 games I know there's
the Gaikai rumblings out there and so forth
but we haven't really seen that gel together yet
we don't know what that's going to look like right now
so you know something to consider
if there are a lot of console games you do want to play
out of this generation then go ahead and take the plunge
and get one of the consoles because
this is your chance although PC
certainly there's a lot on
you know of the stuff on PC I think you really
have to evaluate where are the
games I want to play
and I think in that it's okay to assume
in that case I will be able to play Grand Theft Auto
5 on PC in a year
can you wait an entire year?
I'm almost certain it's going to be less
than that but
we'll see
I guess it does come down
to in the end how badly do you want it
and how quickly can you recover the
money that you spend on it
me personally
if something was coming out
well you know what I'm not actually going to
say that I've done it
I got a 3DS
because I wanted to fucking play Animal Crossing
and what did I do?
I asked around on the internet
if anyone was selling their 3DS
and lo and behold
uh, sidekick was
and so I
bought his for two
shout out for gamebooey.org
two network cards
and then we went right out and bought Animal Crossing
and then Dan picked up
the last
fire emblem for the Wii
so
I'm not one to talk
freaking buy it
you really do
have to weigh out how badly
do you want it and I'll tell you this
I've played Animal Crossing every day
since I bought it
which is saying something for me playing
a game every day
so if you're going to play Grand Theft Auto 5
every day then you know
it's probably a worthwhile purchase
um
and yeah you do get the benefit
of a blu-ray player it's probably still a cheaper
blu-ray player I think when Becky bought
hers, my best friend
when she bought her actual
dedicated blu-ray player
it cost her about maybe
150 something
dollars which would
probably be less in euros
but it only plays blu-rays and you're
getting a game system out of it that does Netflix
and does all this other stuff
and like Rob said there's no backwards compatibility
so
weigh that and decide what you will
so to continue with the
end of this email
I love listening to this show on my commute to work keep it up
thank you
this email is brought to you by Belgium
the fairy tale land of waffles chocolate and beer
Martin
PS you should have Jim Sally as a regular guest
on the show he is hilarious
grin
he's welcome anytime and you know how to sell your country
sir waffles and
beer and chocolate like sign me up
I want to go to Belgium
you know what else we could do
though if we were in Belgium Rob
broadcast live from that emailers house
besides that we could go
we could actually cheaply travel
and meet all of our friends that live in
Europe we could go talk
to our official Swede
we could go hang out
with Sil we haven't heard from AK Ripper
in forever I would love to do an OLR
episode with Sil it would be amazing
and then we can go find
Mr. Kidman didn't they used to have those
contests like for MTV or whatever back in the day
where like MTV would broadcast at your house
if you want a contest we need to have like an
OLR comes to your house contest
whoever pays the most
wins
I'll be a fun
kickstarter thing I want to go to Europe
let's do a GoFundMe
OLR goes to Europe
alright
if that's it for emails
yes all two
of them I will tell you
send more next time
mailbag at
orangeloungeradio.com
if we don't get enough emails this next segment
will only get angstier
FUs of the week
I'm fairly pissy Rob
why? cause of stuff
ok so I have a list
fuck you to my air conditioner
because when I turn on the air conditioner
I don't want a face full of the inferno
I want a face full of cold
thankfully it's cool enough outside
FU I'm not gonna say FU
because the rain made today a lot nicer
but it rained for Sacramento
for this time of year
and we're going into our rainy season
but it freaking rained and I was at Apple Hill
I was trying to enjoy myself
instead I'm having to slog up
a red muddy hill
and then
I thought I was taking a picture
of a pig's cute little tail
no I took a picture of a pig taking a piss
it's on my tumbler for any reason
also FU to
guys who want their woman to take care of them
and not do anything to contribute
of course FU to the other way around
it takes an equal fucking partnership
it takes two to make a thing
go right
well true
if you are in a relationship
don't expect a free ride
do your fucking part
I'm not gonna say FU
I'm gonna say FU
I'm gonna say FU
if you are in a relationship
don't expect a free ride
do your fucking part
okay
it takes two to make it out of sight
just
FU to my throat hurting
I hate that
that's annoying
my FU of the week
goes to
Thunder Valley Casino
in Lincoln California
fuck them
and one of their machines ate it whole
but here was the best part
I took my mother to go see Kathy Griffin
at Thunder Valley Casino because my mom
loves Kathy Griffin
by the way FU to Kathy Griffin sorry honey
you just weren't that funny
like you're funnier in your bravo specials
I could tell we were being workshopped
sorry hun just wasn't working for me
you know the one time I saw George Carlin
was on one of his workshops too
I've seen Margaret Cho on a workshop tour
and it was like half and half you know
so where was I
oh yes my mom loves Kathy Griffin right
so I want to take my mom out to something she enjoys
and she gave me $20
because she's like I want to help pay for the ticket
even though the ticket was like $70
so I want to help pay for the ticket I'm like okay
so I took her $20 put it in a slot machine
right in front of her
and I was like your $20 is gone
mom she's like Rob
that's why you don't gamble Rob
you should know better than to gamble
you know what though I'm very sad
that the buffet wasn't open for you guys
it was open it was just very crowded
the buffet there
and for me who's not a huge buffet fan
their buffet is fucking good
but the coffee shop was good too
Alan took a picture of that burger
and you know they do have fatburger there
but my mom didn't want to go to fatburger
my mom wanted to go
and you know Rob
I don't want to eat at the buffet Rob
people just cough and sneeze on everything
that's how you get sick
buffets give you diarrhea Rob
I adore your mom you know
and your impersonation is hilarious
did you see the vine I posted of my mom
I had to delete the tweet
Rob I didn't say you could put that on the internet Rob
put it on tumblr
she didn't say I couldn't play it on my show though
I'll have to bring that up
I'll bring that up later
let's do a news story
and then I'll come back to this topic
let's talk about the ever
continuing saga
and the Ouya Frida Games program
well Ouya has removed one of the games
from the Frida Games program
and that would have been the one that was
Dungeons the Eye of Drakonas
you know the one that they
blatantly admitted that their family paid for
you know the back
or the backing of that kickstarter
so they have been removed
and you know they of course
saying oh appears we were thrown under the Frida Games bus
Ouya gets their fall guy and Gridiron keeps their money
but the thing was though
Gridiron I don't believe
I believe they dropped out of the whole Frida Games thing
they said they cancelled the kickstarter project
or yeah they have no plans to develop
I guess on the Ouya or something like that
because I remember they said they made a ton of
they got a ton of backers as it was
so they didn't need to develop exclusively on the Ouya anymore
and also on top of this
the whole Frida Games fund has been tweaked
now no longer will
the games have to be
Ouya exclusive
instead
they are saying for every $10,000 in rewards issued by Ouya
in matching crowd funding efforts
developers will need to agree
in one month of exclusivity
but they could still publish on PC at the same time
so they don't have to just launch on the Ouya
and then also they are saying that instead of $50,000 as a minimum
the requirement is now $10,000
so $10,000 and then for every $10,000 raised after that
they will be backed
another $10,000 I guess
and they also have to have a minimum of 100 backers to be eligible
is this going to fix the problem
that this thing has been having or is this too little too late
I think it's too little too late
and at the same time I still think people will try to game it
I mean because
you know the gridiron thunder thing
I don't think the whole reason that they are saying
oh we need funding to finish this game
but the game is literally coming out in like two weeks after it's done
I'm sorry I just don't buy for
oh we need that $100,000 to finish the game in two weeks
I could see like a game that's coming out like
a year from now or something
ok then you need the funding
but if a game that's already pretty much done
and they are just putting it out two weeks later
I think it was just to make up some money
ok we have this really shitty game we made
it's going to be an exclusive the Ouya
but who gives a shit because we made our money back anyways
from them matching our funding
so I think that's what the scam was there
and I still think that you can see that
someone has a game that's ready to go
and why not let's put it on Kickstarter
put the goal at $10,000
and if they can hit it
they make another $10,000 on top of it
and it could be a good game
at the same time I think it could help indie guys
but it's been exploited three times already
so you know
I don't know
I noticed that you are selling your Ouya on eBay
at this point and do you want to give a quick plug
how somebody can get a hold of that
you can follow me on Twitter
it's just on eBay
$32 right now
yeah BlackWolf points that out in our chatroom
at live.vognetwork.com
Loki's Ouya is only $32 on eBay right now
and $32 with a
there's still the unused code
remember they did that stupid thing
you're our elite
you Kickstarter backers and we're going to give you
$13.37
store credit on the Ouya shop
but they didn't use that store credit
so that code is in there
so really it can track about $13 off that
so it's still a pretty good deal
and it works
once again
I don't have time for all this stuff
and I need to slim down
you know
money is tight of course
it happens
especially this time of year
alright can we go back to stories about my mom
alright so we're at the Kathy Griffin concert
and they're playing pop music
and my mom doesn't listen to pop music right
so she hears this song
by Will.I.Am and Britney Spears
have you heard this song?
this is what's playing
my mom hears this
so my mom can hear this
in the lyrics and she's looking at me
because Alan's sitting in between us
she leans over and she looks at me
and she gives me that look
Rob, what is this song Rob?
like you wrote the song?
like I wrote the song
and then there's a later part in the song
where it goes
you are now now
it's this part
oh shit
live radio
just play the part
and when that came up
my mom looked at me and goes
Rob did Britney Spears just call herself
a bitch?
I think that was Britney comma bitch
if it works like a duck
right? so I decided
so what do you do? you have to capture the moment live
so I whip out my cell phone
and I make a vine
what do you think of this song?
I think Britney Spears is a skank
what's vine?
oh you don't know vine?
it's like twitter but with videos
you can only do 6 second videos
and they loop
so that's the vine I made
is my mom's opinion
on will.i.am and Britney bitch
what do you think of this song?
I think Britney Spears is a skank
if she knew I was playing that on the internet
right now she would kill me
she was so pissed that I uploaded that to twitter
she was so mad
she was so mad
that I uploaded that to twitter
no this was literally her concern
Rob
I don't want Britney Spears to see that
like Britney follows
like Britney follows my mom
I'm like Britney doesn't follow you
well one of her friends
might tell her
I think that she's been called worse
right?
and let's be real
she is kind of a skank
but she is entitled to be a skank
if she chooses that
it is her choice as a woman to be a skank
to be free with her love
she's also a mother
and that's what feminism is all about
the right to make choices
and not be judged by the man
or whatever
I wish I could show my mom
all the love she's getting in chat right now
Act F says love Rob's mom
gamer girl says hahaha
Rob's mom rocks
she does rock
I hope we can get her on the show in the future
I adore your mom
but I don't think your mom and my mom should ever be in the same room
no they should not
especially when my mom's on one of her pissy rants
alright
one more story tonight
and then we're going to open up the skype line
at 1877 game OLR
or our username on skype orange lounge radio
and this last story has to do about a game
I don't think we've talked about this a lot on OLR
but I know a lot of you guys have played this
here too
it's called slender the arrival
have you played slender man at all?
you may have seen my livestream
I did on twitch right
I remember them in super mario galaxy
no no no no no
this game is scary as hell
and I literally screamed
while playing this game
actually I think slender the arrival is the sequel
that has whatever
well here's the thing guys
it's about to get support officially
for the oculus rift
as if the game wasn't
scary enough
now you can immerse yourself in the world
and become best friends with the fence like I did
in slender the arrival
yep it is
officially getting oculus rift support
apparently this was actually teased at pax 2013
but this is something that is actually happening
in a patch
that just came out for the game
it's like a beta mode there
good luck with that
so all I'm hoping is that maybe bobby
maybe in a years time bobby
will be a little more willing to
subject his oculus rift to
some other things
so before I have the gummy bears
maybe I can play a little slender man in oculus rift
I'm still waiting he got a youtube of me playing
the oculus rift
and I'm sure it's funny
fifth dream
to my bff friends
it wasn't me it was my mom
alright yeah but you made it where britney
can see it rob not anymore
I had to delete the tweet
we need to get my mom on the show
it's still out there if you know where to look
alright
so there it is slender man on oculus rift
I know a lot
of folks here on olr don't know my friend
gemit which if you listen to horde house
I'm sure you've heard him he's contributed to the show
a number of times he hosts his own show
except it is also live on sunday night
so unfortunately we're up against each other but
gemit does some amazing live streams
of oculus rift
if you think I scream like crazy
you should see gemit
I'm just going to give him some props and a shout out
alright
that's it that's it for stories
it's time to go to twitter
twitter.com slash olr
and more importantly the skype line
I love twitter too but
I like the live calls a lot
orange lounge radio on skype
all one word or 1877 game
while I bring up those tweets
loki did you have any last minute stories for us tonight?
no but I'm working on
researching vacuum forming
for custom case mod
ok
remember I told you I was going to make like
remember that thing
that is the cross plane or whatever
yeah it's funny enough actually the website
that I was looking up the method for
doing some vacuum forming stuff
is actually the guy that is doing the cross plane
I didn't realize because
I immediately clicked his
his other links
and stuff and then I'm like oh hey scroll down a little bit
oh there's a whole bunch of stuff at the cross plane here
oh it's his
his device
alright again orange lounge radio
all one word on skype or 1877 game
olr or a username on skype
orange lounge radio
let me get to some tweets while we wait for the calls to come in
jmo1986
sent a tweet that said currently at tokyo
game show 2013
telling people I meet in line about
olr and vog network and
spreading the word
you sir get a fast clap
we ask at the end of every show
if you like what you hear tell a friend
or two about the show you are doing that
you are a good man
yes you do you get the official
olr gold star tweet of the week
we just made that up
but you get it
let's see
act deft sends us a tweet
developer way forward
wants to make a my little pony game
and rallies bronies
to tell hasbro to make it a reality
way forward
of course made duck tails
what they made contra 4
some of their games have been a little hit and miss
but more so probably hits than misses
talk to act division because I think they're the one that has a hasbro license
do they?
least they do for transformers
and they
no wasn't skull girls able to get some my little pony
stuff or was that no no it was like characters
made by the same person
it wasn't skull girls it was that
the fighting is magic thing
where they now it's something different
yeah
I don't remember who has like the family party
games now because it used to be
I thought it was act division
then it was or EA
and now it's Ubisoft
maybe I don't know that keeps getting tossed around
wow I've never seen quite a
more polarizing tweet in our chat room
blackwool says don't do it way forward
spend your time on better projects
and rama says fuck yes way forward
it will happen mark my words
and act dev says game loft
has the mlp game
you know what
if they can make
mick kids they can make
a fucking my little pony game I don't even care
I don't care there's been a my little
pony game and I think it was on the Nintendo
back in the day and it was the good
my little pony the kind I
I grew up with so fuck it
if they can make sneak king
you go ahead with your bad self and make my pony
where the fuck are my goddamn new 360
connect games for burger king
seriously that was promised to me like
five years no not five years ago but like
a few years ago
I'm very disappointed that there's not a follow up
to sneak king because that was a fucking
brilliant shit right there
all right uh tiger claw says it's an
interesting tweet uh Lucasfilm
will combine video games and movies
to act the post production
process kind of
interesting there I'm kind of reading
into this too it's uh coming from
a website he links us to the enquirer
not to be confused with the trash you see at the
checkout counter uh but this
says video game engines will be
used in filmmaking with the two disciplines
combining to eliminate the
movie post production process
well this actually kind of makes sense you
know video games are getting so realistic
these days that I'm sure
they can probably mix in
you know some of the stuff
they do with movies like in the engines
really kind of ramp up the process
with uh making some of this that'd be fun
like you can move characters around
in the movie and stuff interactive
movies it's like using
the force for real uh tiger claw
also sends his tweet the playstation 4
exclusive deep down
set to be free to play
or wouldn't it be even funnier if you could
reskin the characters that are in the movie
or something like that anything's possible
I want Jar Jar to look stupider
uh more stupid
quickly before I go to the phones capcom
announced to Tokyo game show 2013 that the
playstation 4 exclusive deep down will be
free to play uh you might remember
this had come out at uh what was it E3
or something they were showing that off so that's kind of
surprising yeah so very cool
uh more on that in a minute but first we're gonna go to
the phone lines and take a call hi you're on
Orange Launch Radio who's this? Hey
this is Agdeft. Hey Agdeft how you doing?
pretty good despite uh
people hating on the MLP game
but okay I know it's
it's tough to be a brony
yeah yeah well I'm not gonna
talk about that I wanna talk about another thing
alright something a little less controversial
that's fine what's up Agdeft?
kinda controversial uh
but still
uh people selling humble
bundle games fuck those people
fuck em
oh that annoys me so
bad especially when it's sorry
Agdeft I know it's your call but you got me
going especially when it's
oh man when it was all charity
like that EA bundle was all charity
those people that were buying the codes and
selling them on eBay scum
and then what when they got confronted it was just like
well you know the demands out there so
you know we're just you know people don't have to buy em
bleh
yeah I really hate those people
I even uh
there's a Facebook group I follow
uh it's a local group
that sells or resells games
and anime stuff and all that
and there was
one people there was a person that sold
the origin bundle
and like
maybe four times
the price he paid uh
for all the games and I was
like dude seriously
those games were sold like
for a fraction of the price
you paid and they were
especially they were all
for charity so it's like
what the fuck
and now the same thing happened
with another person
in the same group
she's selling the humble bundle
the nine games
and other
bundles for like
the original price and I'm like
seriously what the fuck
yeah I'm gonna admit Agdeft and I know
some people do this but I'm just
gonna say it even makes me uncomfortable
when people just give away one or
two codes you know I don't
and I've called out other
podcasts not by name but I've called out
shows, podcasts,
websites, blogs that
give away bundle codes
that are piecemealed from
somebody else's bundle the games they didn't
want and like it's
one thing when it's between friends
and so forth but you know
let's not forget
a lot of this money goes to charity
and it goes to the developers
when you piecemeal it like that you're
kind of taking it away from them
and it's like these bundles are such a great
deal like it's just I don't know like I
I get really bothered by it
I play devil's advocate though I mean sometimes like
especially with humble bundle nine I know I have some extra
games I need to give away I already
have those games and like
I'm buying the bundle and I'm getting it anyways
like and I can't I can't
redeem it twice you know what I mean
again it's one thing if you're giving it to a
friend or you know somebody like
even somebody like a Twitter follower that you know for
a long time I mean that's kind of one thing
but it's just like another to like use
it to profit yourself
and your own brand
if that makes sense what I'm saying because I'm still like
like follow this website and
get a chance to blah blah blah
you might you know you might
still be like oh okay I'm unloading my free
codes but if you think about it
that why doesn't your friend that wants to
take the code just pay five dollars
to the site and have the
four bucks go to charity or whatever you know
I don't see a problem if it's already over like
that bundle is already done
yeah yeah I'm I'm it's it's not
as bad let me just let me just put this away
I don't mean to be all like if you do this I hate
you I'm not saying that at all
I'm just saying you know think about it
shouldn't we be encouraging
people to go buy the bundle themselves
because eventually the money
does go to charity right
and especially in the case of the EA bundle
I mean one can argue like
you know and I think Act Deft you had a funny story
about this like you know I bought a bundle
but I don't fucking want Fez
I am staying a hundred miles away from Fez
it's that's
kind of a different set than what I'm
I'm talking about you know what I mean
that the irony part of that is
that I that I that I gave money to
the developers and forgot to take
out the uh the part of Fez
so oh well no well
yeah I don't think you can piecemeal it that way
I do get uh what you're
saying because I I did it
uh with my
uh separate codes but I
gave it to people that maybe wanted the game
and I didn't uh like profit
from it I didn't
want more followers I didn't want
more people to follow me on
Twitter or Facebook I guess
hey who wants a code for
this game and this game oh yeah
I want one and and
some were uh close friends so
I don't mind that
but yeah like you said like
oh follow me and
get a code or something like that yeah that's
that's pretty shit I don't mean to be
like calling people out or whatever maybe
maybe a little bit but because Bobby's in chat going
I shouldn't give away my bastion code on the show
Rob hates me and I'm like no that's not what
it is I don't hate you I'm just saying
think about it this way
think about it this way shouldn't we
really be encouraging people to go buy the bundles
and give the money to charity and so forth
and then maybe after the fact you know a long
time when when that's no longer an option
maybe give away the the
bastion code or whatever it is that I think
is acceptable yeah you know if you're
I've got probably got duplicate codes for some
games because I bought multiple bundles
and I don't mind if it's a friend of mine
giving away a code yeah and me neither
I usually just give them to Dan
there you go so anyway
sorry active I just want to clarify
before the hate mail started rolling in
oh well that that's pretty much
it like I said
even then I don't
mind people giving away the codes
it's selling them yeah for a profit
that's yeah that's
the really bad stuff if you're selling these on
eBay if you're flipping this on eBay then
I hate you then it's okay to say that
Rob hates you I would I would absolutely
hate you if you flip these on eBay for a profit
so
definitely all right
all right active thank you for the call and thank
that was a great topic to bring up and
got me all revved up for a rant good for
you
well thanks all right
take care buddy you too
all right bye-bye
all right uh 1877 game
olr or our username on skype is orange
lounge radio we certainly have time to take uh
one or two more calls uh meanwhile
I wanted to kind of get back into this deep
down going free to play
uh the capcoms role playing
game should be arriving as an open beta
near the launch of the playstation 4 in
japan that would be like february
2014 and it will have
procedurally generated dungeons and runs
on the new panta ray
engine that's a capcom engine
so very interesting anti-raid
engine the panty raid engine very
interesting I I'm
dying to see how this uh
turns out but uh we'll have
a few months to wait in the meantime the phones are
ringing again so let's get to it hi you're on
orange launch radio who's this
hi this is for the fallen dreams can you hear me
hi yes we can hi welcome to the show
hi uh yeah
it's been a while since I've called in I'm normally
a podcast listener because uh
I'm east coast I'm in South Carolina so
that's all I really have time
for is the podcast but uh
just thought I'd call in and give you guys a shout
um happy midnight
yeah I appreciate you staying up late
I say I appreciate you staying up late to listen tonight
yeah
it's uh it's about midnight now so
um it's been a while since I've listened live
but um yeah just wanted to
give you guys a shout um I've been
listening for
about I would say six seven years
now wow I think the reason why
I remember is cause um just
one podcast I listened to and I don't know why
I remember this but it was like
y'all's fourth birthday
and uh
I think at a certain point um
Dark Soccer had said like
we're this many and they like
held up a certain amount of fingers and you were just like
yeah that's great radio
very yeah that
sounds like our show yep that's been us
forever that's that's it she does that every year
too except now she couldn't do it
this year cause she'd have to put up a toe
as well
I stick my nose in the air
right so that's just how I keep tabs on
how long I've been listening so it's uh
it's great to finally call in this time
uh I've gone under different
cedar names or whatever you want
you want to call them so
well holy crap thank you for your support over the years
and thank you for giving a shout out for the podcast
listeners because I know there's a lot
of people that listen on the podcast that just
can't participate with us live because Sunday night
you know some people go to church some people
have you know other weekly engagements on Sunday nights
they just can't be here no matter where they are
some people are watching the Emmys
or Game of Thrones
or whatever so uh you know
we just we really appreciate everybody
who tunes in and listens so um
well I don't want to just have this call
be you saying nice things
about us although I really appreciate that
uh tell us what games you've been playing lately
what kind of video games you into right now
uh as of recently
obviously Grand Theft Auto 5 is occupying
a lot of my time uh
got it on PS3 since I've uh
kind of chosen to boycott any
type of Xbox related
not Microsoft but uh
Xbox related um products but uh
um yeah other than that
um Grand Theft Auto 5
Borderlands 2 I know is
not as of recent but
um a lot of PS3
so are you uh looking
forward to Playstation 4 are you gonna give it a little
little uh little while before you pick
one up I may give it
some time I am really stoked about
the Division Tom Clancy's The Division
that looks amazing um
but just the one game isn't enough for me
to you know drop coin on
a on a $400 system so
I'm gonna wait till a couple other games I like come out
and then I'll uh I'll merge
fair enough fair enough
well for the Fallen Dreams I appreciate
you uh calling the show and giving us
a shout out and uh it's always nice to hear
from uh all of our listeners
and uh thanks again for staying up late with the show
not a problem I hope to hear from you guys soon
alright take care buddy
take care alright night bye bye
heh goodnight
see you Ty don't let the bed bugs bite
I'm fantasizing right now Rob
CPK I haven't had
California Pizza Kitchen in like forever
do you wanna go to CPK sometime this weekend
or something I do I just have to have
a good week and then I can go alright we'll
figure something out because honestly I'm in love with
a pair of Gorgonzola pizza I
like um
I like the barbecue chicken pizza
but you can kinda get that at the grocery store I know it's not
the same thing the Jamaican Jerk is pretty good yeah
but but I'd say when I'm feeling extra
trafe it's the shrimp scampi
pizza with extra garlic
alright now you're making me hungry
damn you alright 1877
game OLR our username on skype is
orange lounge radio we can probably squeeze in one more call
and you know I love the long time listener
first time caller calls like yes
sort of I think he said he called in once before but
I still love it's been a little while
by the way but I love the regular
if I said how many we were now I'd have to drop
the mic there I'll do this
we're this many
I put it on the table they can't see you
so unless I take a picture
and then you'll get mad at me for taking a picture
no then I'll channel your mom
ah but I want that on the internet Britney Spears
might see it
I don't want Britney's friends to post it
as if Britney Spears gives two shits
about orange lounge radio you know I had a friend
that went to high school with Britney Spears really
he said she was a total bitch
alright I got a few more tweets
here uh SSG100 Matt
sent us a tweet about this I want to get your
thoughts on these all in one
classic gaming machines like the
Retro N5
gaming purist friendly?
I've seen reviews
of some of those the key word is
purist and I'm going to say if the word is purist
then no they're not gaming
purist friendly because pretty much these
things are emulators in a box
and so they are going to have the slightest
things wrong with them but if you
just want shit tons of games
in a box to play on the TV
99.9% of people don't really care
and so whatever go for it
with the big problem with some of those
by the way in reviews that I've watched cause Dan and I
watch reviews for a number of those things
typically it's sound cause keep in mind
especially with the Super Nintendo it had that
Sony sound processor you're
not going to get the same quality
it'll come out sounding it'll
miss sounds or something you'll be wrong with it
just so you guys know on the
Retro N5 if you hadn't heard of this
it has five cartridge slots
look at that the NES
the Super Nintendo and Super Famicom
the Genesis and Mega Drive
the Famicom so you can play
not only NES games but Famicom games and then
they have a GBA, GBC,
GB slot that plays all those
games so Game Boy games on that
as well and you can hook that up to the tele
and play those games
HDMI output that's pretty cool
that makes me think of is there's
this person Dan watches a lot
of this one
Engineer
who basically just like tries to build
smaller portable versions of systems
I forgot what his name is but there was another
link from that channel of a person who
built a
like a 30 game system
just by using the parts
out of their old systems
you know use the CDX bit to build
all the Genesis bits and
and had like this series
to have it run off of one power
supply and one hookup cable
so they got
I think one successfully working version
of it but it ended up being some
prohibitively expensive thing but it legit runs
on the actual hardware
Alan Alchemy in our chat room
at live.vognetwork.com says if you're really
a purist you'll play your original game
carts on a 300 pound 22 inch
CRT TV from 1993
you know what though
Alan brings up a good point with that and that
is the one plus side about these
systems is that it plays
through HDMI port
let's be real a lot of modern TVs
you can't hook up classic game
consoles to them you cannot hook up
an Atari 2600 to an HDTV
without some mega converters
that will cause loss of quality
that's why things like game room were so awesome
I thought they had RF adapters for that stuff
yeah but you're having to you have to change
RF adapter into RCA
you have to run it through a converter which in those
things can sometimes be expensive
I don't have systems I can't play anymore
but the Nintendo you can still use like even the
original NES had RCA plugs
but it was only yellow
that's why you buy an old ass VCR
and you hook it up through that
well they actually
do have a number of adapters now
Dan gets them at Radio Shack
that are RF converters
because that's how he
gets his
Intellivision, not Intellivision I'm saying
the Atari 5200 to play on
flat screen monitors
by using the HDMI hook up with an RF converter
but we have one system that
will not play on anything new
and that's our Odyssey 2
it is so old
For the Fallen Dreams is in our chat room as well
it says remember when channel 3 and 4 was the game input channel
Pepperidge Farm remembers
I remember well because
in Sacramento you had to use channel 4
because channel 3 is a legit
channel here, it's NBC here
so you have to use channel 4 because
you could never get a signal on channel 3
it's noisy because of the
KCRA
3 was a used channel in Mobile
but I would still use it because it would actually be clearer
for my screen signal
yes it's true
there's a channel 4 in the Bay Area but the signal is very weak
here in Sacramento
but I would always get pissed off because
my brothers would try to steal the remote
and they were little brats
well they're still brats
but they're older brats
I will never
forget being young
and trying to get the channels
from San Francisco
I don't remember why I was doing this
but one time there was something
I really wanted to watch that the CBS channel
here wasn't airing
so I had to try and get the
antenna just right
I could get channel 12 out of Chico
just right
and it's like don't let go of it
you won't be able to see the Charlie Brown special
or whatever stupid thing channel 12 was airing
I had a fun day when I was sick
and staying home
now keep in mind the town I was born in
is Dothan Alabama
which is a good 4 hours away if you drive through Alabama
it's like 3 and a half if you go through Florida
so I was sitting
going through the static channels
because I would do that for fun
don't ask I was weird
porn
no I was 8
it doesn't matter
and so one day
I managed the Dothan channel
came through
and I was sitting watching WGN
that was the Chicago station that would get through
cable but it was like
whatever the Dothan station
that I used to watch soaps with my granny
I was watching TV
all day on the static ass Dothan channel
and then figured out
that if you put tin foil on your rabbit ears
you can get a really
good signal
because at night they're allowed to increase the power
so you can get stations from
all the way to the midwest
I think we can get stations
I know we can get them from Colorado, Seattle
we can get them on AM
and I know where I get that from is my dad
because I remember growing up my dad had one of those
it was a radio that did the shortwave
and he used to listen to stations
out of the Netherlands
and things like that
not that he could understand it
now we have internet radio for that
well remember when OLR started
on Live 365
and we went to that award ceremony
when they were kind enough to nominate us that one year
and then forget to read our name
a lot of the people we met
in that community were all guys
and girls that used to do like ham radio
and that type of
I never realized until that day
how many people
from the ham radio, shortwave radio
kind of just naturally fell into
internet broadcasting
as a natural place
well you know some of those stations
that do the weird signals
I'm not sure if you know what I'm talking about
there's one that's out of Russia
that every so often
dialogue would come across
and it sounded like someone was just holding up
a microphone to a machine that was going beep
all day at a certain signal
I listen to that because sometimes
it's pretty fun and you can hear
odd things going on in the background
or the ones that give the weird frequencies
or the ones that I'm interested in
and every so often you can pick those up on shortwave
as well
alright, well that's going to do it
nobody else is giving us a call
and we are through all of our tweets tonight
so I want to thank both our callers tonight
and if somebody else had something to say
be it live or podcast
don't forget you can always email us
mailbag at orangelandradio.com
or you can tweet us like some of our listeners did tonight
at twitter.com
twitter.com
it is definitely time to wrap up
the show here
I don't listen to the radio anymore
in my car
I miss DJs
I think AM is still a good way to get traffic
I know we have it on iPhones
and all that, but I still
on the phones, all you can see is it's red
and it's not always accurate
because I think a lot of them are running off Caltrans
reports, but when you listen to traffic
on AM radio, they'll tell you
we're flying over the bridge and it is backed
up all the way to this point
I like being able to hear that
so when we drive to the Bay Area
you better break out the Travel Connect 4
you're going to be here a while
Alan and I listen to 740 a lot when driving to the Bay Area
to get their traffic updates
and I use my cell phone to listen to
music for the most part because I have an iPhone
yeah, I love Stitcher
and all that stuff and podcasts
I just play my own stuff
I actually have a playlist called Random Mix
that's video game music
anime, J-pop, and all the other weird crazy stuff I listen to
well you know they are saying, it's funny we bring up AM radio
they're saying that AM radio
I saw a story on this this week or last
on one of the big websites like Google or Yahoo
that AM radio is kind of dying
it's a dying art form
because so many people have switched to internet
and iPod and running that in their cars
and so forth, which is great news for us
and what we do
but kind of a sad day
it's the same thing that I run into
being that when I
picked my major
my focus was print media
as far as design for print
when it's all
really now print design is
more of a
special field now
it's dying too, it's just sad
because nothing smells as good as a print shop
alright, we need to wrap up
we can reminisce all freaking night
and some of you might like that
but I think it is time to wrap up the show
thank you guys again for downloading Orange Launch Radio
and checking out our show, we really appreciate it
and you know what we say, if you like the show
please tell a friend or two
or five about the show
talk about us in a convention line
like somebody on Twitter did there this week
help spread the word because that's all we've got
we don't have an AM radio station
backing us and putting ads out there
or anything like that, so word of mouth
is all we got, thank you guys as always
for your support of the show, let's go around
and get everybody's final thoughts tonight
we'll start with you, your final thought tonight
my final thought
is I'm going to play more
Grand Theft Auto
that's a good final thought
Dark Sakura, your final thought tonight
I hate Dreamweaver
and my final thought tonight is that
if you are in the Sacramento area
you need to make plans on October 12th
to come see the Rocky Horror Picture Show
at the Colonial, starring yours truly
well, co-starring me, but I will be in it
so, there you go
that's it
we're done, we're out of here
we'll see you next week, right?
I sure hope so, have a great week everybody
happy gaming, and we'll be back in 7 days to do it all again
good night
see you next week
thanks for watching!
