The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're listening to Orange Man Radium Live in Montauk Radio, South West Florida.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Uh, moo-ch-uh, moo-caw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live!
This is episode number 127 for this January the 16th of 2005.
You're tuned into the BEE money scene's most fabulatastic radio station of all things.
music, video, gaming. That doesn't suck.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Or maybe you know me as Rob Roberts. Or maybe you know me as Asshole, as some people are saying.
Ski! Ski!
Also joining me tonight are my lovely co-hosts. In that corner, the happiest bunny
on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers, aka Dark Sakura.
Okay, you can just shut up.
I'm kidding.
I had, I resisted temptation, which everyone is going to hear about later, but everybody
needs to be proud of me.
You're special and that makes me proud.
And you know what?
So are you.
When are you going to join the Olympic team?
When they make DVR an Olympic sport.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
When DVR is going to be in the Olympics.
Oh my God.
Oh no.
Jumping on a trampoline is an Olympic sport.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to the Tech Massa, with a Massa plan, Loki.
Yeah, hi.
Who has one of those looks of, I don't know what to do tonight.
These people are very strange.
Also joining us, say hello to our very special guest this evening.
He's also special, just like Dark Sakura.
Say hello to Arcadian42.
Is this a nice pretty mic, or is it?
The new North Pretty microphone actually works, but it's kind of quiet.
You're kind of quiet, so you're really going to have to try tonight.
Listen in!
Well, you don't have to yell out there to listen in, because obviously they're already listening, right?
Exactly.
a little closer. Come really close. Come really close. Come close to me for a minute. Come
close to the speakers. Boo! Uh, yeah, anyway, we got tons of interesting stuff to talk about
tonight, or at least in theory we do. Um, we, yeah, just keep thinking the show is good
and then it will be good. It's going to be interesting because it's somewhat of a slow
Newsweek. We do have a couple big things we want to talk about. We're going to do that.
But, you know, all the favorite, usual garbage you're used to. We're going to talk about
that. When we come back from this break, in this break, we're going to do some music from
Dancing Stage Fusion, which is the Europe DDR, like, that just came out a couple months
ago. Actually, it was more than a couple months ago, but, you know, end of last year. But
they got some cool licenses in their version of DDR, and you're not going to believe some
of the stuff you're going to hear in this break. It is all in the British DDR. So enjoy
Enjoy this, and we will be back after this with more of the same old crap you know and
love here at Orange Lawns Radio.
Join our chat, www.orangelawnsradio.com, click on chat, and we'll be back after this, starting
it off with DJ Sammy, No Not Heaven, the other song.
We'll be back.
Like shining bright
The sunlight
I'm drifting away somehow by the presence of the morning sun
I'm falling into the night, as I can see you shining bright
Sunlight
The night
Come, come, come into my world Let me up, up, high up on your love
Take these offers made for lovin' And this heart that will bleed for two
Take these eyes open back for watchin' over you
And I've been such a long time waitin' For someone I could call my own
I've been chasing the life I've dreamed of and now I'm home
I need your love
Nice, I need more than this
Why won't you come, come, come and steal my love
And drive me up, up, higher on your love
Fire in the Taco Bell Fire on the disco
Fire in the gates of hell
Does it wanna know how they keep dying fire?
It's my desire, it's my desire, it's my desire
Don't you wanna know how to keep starting fire?
It's my desire, it's my desire, it's my desire
Danger, danger, high voltage.
When we touch, when we can.
Danger, danger, high voltage.
When we touch, when we kiss, when we touch, danger, danger.
High voltage, when we touch, when we kiss, danger, danger.
Time for more things
Oh, when we touch, what do we get?
When we touch, what do we get?
Tell me, tell me
Is life just a playground?
Can't you take that from me?
It's a real deal honey, and someone will always look out for you
But wake up baby, you're so totally deluded
You'll end up old and lonely, if you don't get a boo in your head
Good luck, good luck, good luck in your new bed
And join the nightmare, when you're up to no end
Oh. Good luck, good luck
Good luck in your new bag
Enjoy your nightmares
Part of life
When you're roughing your way
Good luck, good luck
Good luck in your new bag
part of life
Enjoy your nightmares
part of life
When you're roughing your way
part of life
good, good luck
In your new bag
Enjoy your night, babe, when your breath's too low, babe.
Good, good luck, if you do bad. Enjoy your night, babe.
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and in that break you heard some songs from Dancing
Stage Fusion.
To give you an idea, if you didn't know what some of those songs were, DJ Sammy with Sunlight,
Kylie Minogue, Come Into My World, Electric Six with Danger High Voltage, also known as
the Taco Bell song, and Basement Jacks, Good Luck.
All of those are songs that are really cool.
I would play that song in my spin class, because I introduced my spin teacher to Good Luck.
Wasn't that a former Cage Match pick of yours, too?
It was. And it was also in the Queer Eye soundtrack.
And look, it ended up in DDR. And Kylie Minogue, coming to my world, was once in the Orange Launch Cage Match, ended up in DDR. Look at that.
So people don't think we know what we're talking about, but, you know, shit.
Just cross your fingers that Girls by Prodigy will not end up in DDR.
Oh, it will.
It will.
Alright.
Anyway, man, they are just so lucky over there in Europe to be getting all those, like, really good songs.
I know they get a lot of, like, crappy, poppy songs too, but, you know, I honestly...
And David Hasselhoff.
I honestly would take, not in DDR thankfully, I honestly would take their lineup of songs over what we got.
Not that what we got was bad, I can't complain, you know, we did get some good stuff, but I would have rather have that.
And it kind of sucks because it's really hard to import the Europe DDR because you have to get one of those converters for your TV as well.
It's easy to import Japanese, you just get a Japanese PlayStation 2, get the Japanese game, and the TVs are the same format.
But if you want to do the Europe, the TVs are in a different format.
The screens are actually a different resolution over there.
They're PAL.
Stupid Europe and their base 10 measurement systems.
Stupid metric system and everything being easy math.
Like the rest of the world uses.
Hello?
I know, I know.
All right.
I'm looking at the comments in our chat room.
www.orangeisnostraeo.com.
Click on chat.
Kaded2005 says, uh, girls would probably end up in DDR as Konami's way to shaft us, again.
I would cry.
I'm gonna write a letter to Jason Enes myself, and request that girls be put in the next DDR.
As much as that song bugs me, I just think that would be funny.
That's a cool video. A very strange video.
Prodigy was famous for that one video, the Smack My Bitch Up video. Is it just as good?
Cause the Smack My Bitch Up video was just, wow.
this obviously doesn't help for the people at home but I have it was a
edited version of the video for the first remix of girls I submitted to the
cage match the really bad one yeah whatever okay anyways so just to give
you an idea I mean this obviously is not going through to listeners but it's just
really very strange they've got like some person that looks like a kid with
with, like, some army costume and a floating head, giant lips talking. They've got, like,
the Rocky Horror lips mixed with Max Headroom.
Exactly.
Did you, like, the Rocky Horror lips speak White Wolf RPGs?
And then it just gets even stranger, you know, with this thing moving around and giant lips
watching it and... Okay, well, the chat room can't see it, but where could they maybe get
a copy of it? I mean, you got this from somewhere, right?
I believe this was on the, um...
Oh god, who was that? The, um...
It was the group that remixed it.
Uh...
Let me see here. I believe it was
the Fake ID's website. It's, um, Fake ID is the band name,
and there's a link in their, like, download section to the video.
Alright, so if you want to check out Random 80's Flashback to a Cruddy Song,
enjoy
you know
all right i'll change the topic
but another version i've got two more they will go in the cage back
that's going to be low keys like
threat all night long
don't piss me off i swear to god i'll do it again
and i dare you i double dog dare you the chat room is very divided there
i triple dog dare you the chat room is very divided, some are yelling at you to do it
Two-headed dog dare you.
Alright, we're gonna get into how was your week, how was your day, but we did have a
newcomer join us during the break there. Not much of a newcomer because she's been at
the show
a gazillion million times. Say hello to DDR Angel. Hello.
And why are you tardy, ma'am?
Traffic and stuff. That's no excuse. You should have left earlier. I'm gonna mark that down as a tardy.
Fire! I am not. You lie so bad.
She knows she can get away with it.
She brought me, okay, gifts make it better. What'd you bring me, what'd you bring me, what'd you bring me?
All is forgiven because I got free stuff.
Ooh, soda. What is this? Diet cherry vanilla Dr. Pepper?
Ew! I've never heard of this. Ew!
It's gross! It sounds interesting. Well, I will be the judge of that.
I will be the judge of that, Miss Thing.
I had it in Alabama.
Oh, okay.
I had this in November.
When I went to Alabama, I was like, oh, that looks neat and interesting,
and the commercials are on the radio all the goddamn time.
I think I'll try one. I had three sips of it.
I gave the rest of it to a homeless person.
He threw it away.
Wait a minute! You gave your soda to a homeless person? How does that work?
Well, I don't know if he was a homeless person. He looked like a beach bum.
It was out of Pensacola.
Loki, comment.
Yeah, because you know I always like taking shitty soda and adding shit to it.
You know, this soda would be just all that better if I put vanilla and cherry in it.
Come on, take a dump in it! It might make it taste even better.
Which actually, though, it really, it tastes...
I don't like Dr. Pepper anyway, so I've had this, at least in the Southeast, for a while now.
I'm going to go over to the webcam and sample the Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper.
I'll have the barf bag ready.
Webcam's over at www.orangetonsready.com.
In the meantime, since, you know, I can't expect everybody to be looking at the webcam,
we'll start off our show as we always do, playing a little bit of how was your week,
how was your day, and Jamie's going to start us off, as always, by letting us know
How was your week?
How was your day?
My week was sick.
As in I've had this cough that hasn't wanted to go away.
I like that.
And holiday spice testing is just as nasty.
Anyway, I really didn't, you know, it was my last week over in the student loan industry.
Thank God!
I swear the VP was kissing my ass the whole time trying to get me to stay and my boss took me out to eat
And oh, this is funny
What do you think?
I didn't take a very big sip because the chat room just told us that the webcam isn't up still so we're gonna turn it
On right now and I'll take another sip
All right, um anyway
You know, it was kind of a really messed up, sad week, it was a very frustrating week.
And I just didn't have the energy to do much of anything, although I tried step aerobics
and I didn't care for it.
That was like my new thing that I did.
Although Friday I took the day off and, oh here we go, but Friday I took the day off
and went to the Skywalker Ranch.
I have a friend that works for LucasArts, and she got us into the Skywalker Ranch, so
we were going to go, uh oh, I'll wait, I have to see this.
Take your drink, suffer!
Uh oh.
It really just tastes like regular Dr. Pepper to me, with like a funny flavor to it.
I can't explain. It's not cherry or vanilla. It's just hilarity.
It's Dr. Pepper flavored with hilarity.
And the aftertaste is...
Dr. Pepper vaginal juice mix.
Anyway, I went to the Skywalker Ranch.
Ate some very, very good food. Man, their employees have it good.
Their employee cafeteria has, like, the best food in it.
I had like what and is there a little like bulletin board on the back there
it says you know so many days since we've altered Star Wars again you know
speaking of altering Star Wars we're sitting there at our table eaten all of
a sudden guess who walks by behind us but George Lucas himself and the
business associate discussing things I hope you flick your mashed potatoes Adam
I didn't eat mashed potatoes. I really wanted to flick my meatloaf at him, but the meatloaf was really good and I didn't want to ruin it.
You might have gotten kicked out too, but it would have been worth it.
But we next went and raided the employee store, so I actually have an episode 3 hoodie.
Just because I really wanted a hoodie, and I figured episode 3 hoodie, nobody else has one unless they work there, so hey, cool.
Oh, you're special!
Well, I just figured it was an opportunity.
Well, I know you don't like to go on cam, but can we model your hoodie?
Yeah, I suppose.
I'll model your hoodie.
Okay, model my hoodie.
I also got an ILM shirt and on the back it says Visual Arts Crew, which I thought was really nifty.
You better watch out, it smells like me.
It smells like camo, which is what I'm really wearing.
It's upside down, Rob.
And backwards.
Oh, you're just infinitely amusing.
Hold the hood back and hold it out by the shoulders, there you go.
See, I'm cool.
Anyway, we also, I got a really nice leather business folder for Dan.
And we actually got everything, all this expensive shit, at half price because one of our friends,
because our friend was of course with us.
And I also had a latte made by a $10,000 latte machine.
And it was like a really damn good latte, too.
It was like professional and shit.
It was really yummy.
And so we sat in this sort of lounge area, enjoying our latte.
They had a bunch of old Star Wars and Indiana Jones toys in there, because we went by the
marketing director's office.
The licensing director.
That was it.
I just want to clarify, the food was better than episode one?
Yes, incredibly. The food was excellent. The movie was not.
We didn't get a chance, we sort of were too stunned to go mob
the man and say, hey Jorge, what was wrong with your head?
And it was funny, we
were talking to a couple of the receptionists there, just seeing who all they've
met and everything. It was like, oh, a George sighting!
was kind of funny. Nothing beats watching a really shitty Star Wars movie that's been
bootlegged with really shitty subtitles. Like for instance, you know, lines like, you'll
be the desert of me. Or, sup Yoda. That's funny. Sup Yoda. But, you know, after that
we took a trip to Network Video, because our friends still had to work, and at Network
video we made some purchases. We bought Saturn AV cables. We bought Street Fighter Alpha
for the US Saturn, because we didn't have it believe it or not. I have to ask, how many
times do you actually play these games after you buy them? I play them. Actually I also
bought a Japanese game for the GameCube. Oh what game? Dobutsu no Mori, which was Animal
Crossing in the US. Oh! And the whole reason I was basically peeing in my pants the whole
time went in this game was because I thought, because you know in the US one it says each
individual letter when they're talking, but people usually go through it and I was like
okay well you can't really understand the letters and on some movie files I had of people
playing the Japanese version I thought they were just speeding through it because they
were saying it all so fast but I could tell that they were saying each of the kana. So
So I thought, well, maybe if I let it go slow, I'll hear what they're saying and can use
it as practice for, you know, my comprehension, because that's the whole reason I want it,
is because all of the text in the game is in hiragana, so I don't have to worry about
reading any kanji, because, like, one of the 30 kanji I know is in the title.
Wait, now, I'm kind of curious.
I thought that Animal Crossing was first on the Nintendo 64 in Japan, called Animal Forest.
I found the GameCube in, it was like, like Animal Forest special or something.
Okay, see now I thought that you had picked it up for the Nintendo 64, the old school one, okay.
You don't really own a whole lot of Nintendo 64 stuff, do you?
I don't even think we own a 64 anymore. We borrow, we have one somewhere.
Really? I thought you, you were on a mission to collect as many systems as possible.
Well yeah, but we, I think we gave ours away to somebody who really wanted to play it.
A homeless person?
Oh, yeah. Here's a Star Fox 64.
That would be great to go downtown and find a homeless person.
Go find a homeless person and give them a Nintendo 64.
What the fuck am I going to do with this?
I put it into my disappointment. They spoke just as fast as they did in the thing.
did in the thing. But it's actually neat because I like how you enter your text. Instead of
having to go to that little screen where you choose your letters, instead you use your
analog pad. Because the quote alphabet is done in a series of, like you have five in
each group. Like, a, i, u, e, o, ma, mi, mu, me, mo, sa, shi, tsu, te, to, like that.
But the way that you do is you pick each of the first ones in the group, the ah sound
like, you can pick the ah group or mah group or sah group, like that, and then you choose
that on your analog pad, and then it pulls up all of the ones in that one, so you choose
everything with your analog pad.
It's very, very smart.
And I mean, it wouldn't work for English, of course, which is probably why they changed
it, but it was, it makes it a lot easier.
I'm so looking forward to Animal Crossing on the DS, though.
Oh, so am I. But also I'm looking forward to actually being able to play Zelda and Mario
without having a code. Because they were just, you could dig them up in the dirt. But, um,
I figured it'll help me with my learning. You know, and I did a pretty decent job reading
it through, uh, through, uh, with, uh, what was his face? I can't believe I forgot his
name, but the dog. Yeah, KK. Oh, Tom Nook? No, I'm trying to remember his actual name.
Toda KK. Oh, okay. That's it, Toda KK. But I had a pretty good time with that, and then
yesterday I went over to Iguana Girl's house and we played lots of 8 style and lots of
Popit9. I have to thank Raichan for selling me your Popit9, and Navi for selling me his
controller, which still works beautifully, I might add. And my five-year-old 2DX controller
still functions as perfectly as when I opened the box now.
You lucky bitch. Mine's broke as hell.
We've only cleaned it out twice.
I tried to clean mine out like five times, as though it was on.
This is the last time we actually took it out and actually cleaned the circuit board.
And it was, it's almost flawless now, and you can tell it's kind of old.
But we played lots of 8th style, it was pretty fun.
And then we had Musical Night, where we watched Little Shop of Horrors and Chicago.
Didn't you guys go see Phantom?
No, we didn't.
Aww.
But I'm going to go see it tomorrow with Tia.
Okay.
But I have to say this about Chicago, this is the first movie I really liked that I hated
all the characters in.
I hate every single damn character in that movie.
I hated the blonde, whoever.
Renee Zellweger?
Yes, and I hated Catherine Zeta-Jones' character a whole lot.
I liked the ballerina girl who got, you know...
Spoilers.
I'm not gonna spoil.
Okay, but...
The one that didn't speak English!
She was nice.
You, of all people, must have loved that song where they talked about killing all their
boyfriends.
Oh yeah, that was my favorite.
I also liked the whole scene with the courtroom with the tap dance. The thing is that I really
loved the cinematography in the movie. I like how they integrated all the song numbers with
the reality. I loved the music, I loved the songs, everybody sang well, but I hated every
single last character and the character I hated the most was the woman's husband. I
I don't feel sorry for him at all. The guy asked for it. He was a big, stupid sap the whole damn time, and if he had any balls to him, he would have divorced her that moment. He wouldn't have done anything he would have said. Excuse me, bitch!
Okay.
You're quite feisty tonight. I'm enjoying this.
I am in a mood.
I'm enjoying this.
But I'm going to go see Phantom Demaris. I'm happy.
I'll tell you my favorite character in the whole movie, and this is totally the gay in me talking, but I don't care.
When you're good to mama, mama's good to you.
That was actually, I have to say that's my second favorite song in it.
She has a really nice voice. I would have never expected Queen Latifah to be
in that role, but she's awesome. I heard her sing at the Oscars,
because they televised that, and that's actually the only part of the Oscars I watched that year.
Was just to hear her sing. Because she filled in for, um, what's her name? Because she was pregnant.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. She did very good. I never realized just, like, what a great voice Queen Latifah has.
mm-hmm very good voice but um one thing though that I really I have to say this
though costuming wise is that they should not have put Renee Zelligler in
some of those clothes because she just doesn't have the figure for it you know
I remember originally like a boy Madonna was supposed to be in that movie that
would have been interesting she would have been really good in that role too
that would have been I think well actually she was she was supposed to be
the Catherine Zeta-Jones one oh really huh yeah I don't know but it cares you
You guys are here to listen about video games, and here we are talking musicals.
But the thing is, is that we didn't watch, believe it or not, we did not watch Rocky.
Really?
We had a musical night and didn't watch Rocky.
So, that was my week.
Yeah, I have issues with certain things, so I didn't like anybody in that damn movie.
Not a one.
Not a one.
That's alright.
Okay, I'm done.
You're done?
Alright.
I was actually going to see, I thought I actually had the When You're Good to Mama song from Chicago, I was going to play a little clip, but I can't find it, so.
Our listeners are spared from musical night. That'd be great, we should have musical night.
Dude, do you have the husband killing song?
I had it somewhere, I don't know where it is though.
Oh no, we should play that during a break if you haven't.
Maybe during the afterbirth, even though we don't really have an afterbirth anymore, but we'll see.
We need to play that.
I'll see what I can find. You know what? I will find it for you and you can use it as a fortune cookie next week, maybe.
Okay. I want to go find the... Okay, I'm going to download it when I get home. I'm going to find the soundtrack and play Tuesday.
Oh, there you go. I'm going to look forward to it. I'll pop up the volume. You want to pop up the volume real fast, Jamie?
Hey, pop up the volume is Tuesday. Tune the hell in. At six... I'm sorry. This would be at seven o'clock for the pre-show, but eh.
I'll usually start around six forty-five. Because I'm bored.
0blivixx, as much as it pains me to move away from musicals, we're going to talk to Loki for a minute and ask Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
to get for not remembering where I put stuff and then I don't know the week was
okay up till about Friday to where I found out that I fucked up big time at
work so now I gotta talk to my boss on Monday that sucks and then what else I
went out to dinner last night to Tahoe Joe's and they're okay but their
mashed potatoes taste like shit other than that their food was decent I'd
probably I don't really like going back there because I don't know there's a lot
of stuff I didn't like about him but whatever it was fun to try because I had
a gift certificate so you know free there then other than that really not
too much going on supposedly gonna get a was it a raise well not really raised
But bonus on Thursday. Assuming I don't get fired by then. And, um, yeah. I don't remember if I mentioned this last week, because I can't remember exactly when in the timeline this took place, but apparently the store chain that I do customer service for, Movie Gallery, purchased Hollywood Video, in which case they're probably going to go to self-distribution, which I don't see how that's possible, considering they're retarded. So that means I might be out of a job.
job anyways. But, no, they just relocate me to some customer service job. No thanks. Basically,
I know of at least nine people personally in our company that are leaving soon because
everyone's fed up with it. So, it's just interesting. But, yeah, I'm sure this mistake. See, basically
what happened was I had to do this price check, this giant price check for 3,000 items and
stuff and because movie galleries retarded and they don't have any
information to give me whatsoever they have like old UPCs and titles so the
only way I could do it to match it to items in our system is I had to title
match everything to stuff that we had in our system so in order to do that make a
mock order so basically after spending seven straight hours title matching
which I might add you it's very draining and very tedious I finally got done and
And so I submitted the stuff off to them, and, you know, they were happy. They were like,
Wow, we wouldn't have had you do it if, you know, we knew it was going to take that long, or, you know, it was going to be that much work. So, yay.
But, you know, because I was worn out or whatever, I somehow forgot to delete the order, so one of each of these 3,000 titles or whatever came into one of our branches.
I think that mistake cost the company, well, right now it's costing them about, I don't know, a couple, I don't know, tens of thousands of dollars.
Which in the grand scheme of things isn't that much, considering they can turn around and return all this stuff, but they're just making a big deal about it right now.
Um, I don't know why, but, you know, whatever. So, that's that. And so I gotta deal with that on Monday. Fun, fun. And, um, yeah. So that was pretty much my week. Um, kinda sucked.
But, uh, yeah. So, I gotta be looking for a new job anyways, because, uh, you know, this one isn't doing a very good job paying the bills. I need more money. And besides, they're not moving me anywhere, so.
Yep, need out.
So that's pretty much all that happened.
I don't want that in the law of Final Fantasy.
Oh, I did have one thing to say since you said the evil addict word.
Yes?
Because the copies literally fell onto my lap.
No, this was fate saying something.
I was doing some cleaning out of some drawers.
And onto my lap fall a series of discs in a box.
Right next to them is a book that has certain key codes in it.
And right next to that was a little notepad with all my passwords on it.
So I'm going to be rejoining the stupid world.
Of?
Stupid addict game.
You mean you're going to sign up for Final Fantasy XI?
Because I'm canceling AOL.
Addict!
No, not really.
It's multiple purposes for me and that and the fact that Gravity has turned into a bunch of retards.
So I'm actually going to quit Final Fantasy XI when Ragnarok II comes out.
They turned into? Meaning they weren't before?
They got increasingly stupid.
Because I was thinking about rejoining RO and World of Warcraft and when they filled up their servers in two weeks I just decided no.
You may remember back to when, uh, Lanky Style and I used to impersonate the, uh, Gravity
personnel.
You want to talk bad about company?
We ban you!
You want to have bots on our server?
Ban!
Yeah.
So, I, you know, why not?
And I have people to play with, and I figured I'm probably gonna be so bombarded with school
and everything else, it, it's gonna, it'll be a good distraction.
The nice thing is that Angel plays on Final Fantasy XI now, and I love Angel because she
is such our bitch.
And she will be your bitch, too.
Yeah, okay, I had to choke a ball all the way over to the dunes last night because somebody
forgot apple pie, so I just grabbed a stack and said, okay, you want to?
Yes, please!
Okay, fine.
I'm gonna go get you some.
Now, for those that don't play Final Fantasy XI, I went whoosh, but it's her angel carbine.
And if you hold your hand over your head, you might catch it.
See mine would have been I would have been like fuck that you should have been prepared fuck that you have the deal without it
But I need to know what to start off with if I want to get to a ranger like what job
These damn it. I mean that's a bill all that beef shit up again
Maybe thief or warrior maybe warrior
Anything because we're gonna want to do is beat
Ranger ninja anyways, so you just I guess warrior to start off with because they'll be the easiest you just hit shit
It's pretty much it. It can't get any easier than that.
I want Thief's stuff to get money.
Well, I was just thinking that, you know, I just thought, ah, Ninja stuff is hella expensive.
Then I thought, wait a minute, Ranger's the most expensive in the game, never mind.
Do you think there's not any merchant class like there is in Ragnarok?
Yeah, merchants are our own.
You just go outside and...pedal.
Well, maybe they'll add something to Final Fantasy XI in the future, but...
I don't want to turn this into Final Fantasy XI chat, we're bad enough to...
Anyway, I figured that I would mention the decision, so...
Should I bring up that Gravity thing since she kind of mentioned it?
Sure!
Um, Gravity came out with a new game that has like the same sound effects as Ragnarok, which was kind of weird.
It's called, uh, Rose? I don't know if you've heard about it, Jamie?
Yes I have, and I've actually signed up for an account on Rose Online.
I've got one as well, so we can play there too.
Rose Rock Online.
There he is. We're gonna just change the name of this person.
I'm a pirate on an airship!
How rad is that?
I forgot what it stands for, though.
My brain drew a blank.
Something of seven events.
If you want to be pirates, you better follow rules or we ban you! We make you walk plank!
I think it's Road of Seven Events or something.
What extent did you do in this game?
It's just like Ragnarok, but it's 3D.
Yeah, 3D and...
Yeah, there you go.
It's just like Ragnarok, but it's more 3D, and it's cool, and, yeah.
So, yeah, more game stuff.
Now, this time when you sign up, you're going to be a good girl and go with
Sandorria, as opposed to Bastok, right?
I suppose. I had my way around Bastok pretty damn well, because I kept
dying. Or, as we call it, Lastok.
Maybe I'll go to Winters.
Winters, it's the only problem with Winters, is that you get lost
Oh my god, it went back to Final Fantasy XI chat! Bad host! Bad! Bad! Bad!
The hell was your week, Rob?
Well, I'm so glad you asked, Jamie. Were you done, Loki? I'm sorry.
Uh, yeah, well, Winter sucks because it's so big. Stop it now! Stop now!
Now, my week and my day were pretty good, I guess. I also played a lot of that unmentionable
game a bit this week. And I'm looking forward to tonight, because I'm actually going to
be going out tonight, and I'm going to the golf club. You know, we joked about this on
the show a few weeks ago before, you know, last time I went. Usually when a three-day
weekend comes up, Rob does one of two things. Either Rob drinks on the show, or Rob goes
to the goth club so tonight I opted for goth club because guana girl's gonna meet me out
there because she hasn't been to the goth club for a while so we're gonna go and as
you can see I'm dressed in all black right now and I'll go model on the cam again in
a minute and we're just gonna go and we're gonna look sit in the corner and look tragic.
You're gonna goth serve.
We're totally gonna goth serve people, that'd be great.
And what else did I do this week?
I played a little bit of Technic Beat today, which is a game I'm starting to grow really
fond of. It's such a cute little game. I can't wait to rip some of the music and play it
for you guys, those of you guys that haven't heard it yet. Some of the remixes of like
Pac-Man and Tower of Druaga and Mappy! Oh my god, Mappy! The Mappy theme rules. And
it's in the genre of Happy Handbag, which makes me think of Sylvia Drive. Alright, anyway.
And then what?
What else is going on this week?
Oh yeah, I hung out yesterday with Rice Princess, because she doesn't ever come to Thursday's
show anymore, it seems.
So we actually got to hang out earlier this week, and our buddy Christopher.
And we watched some anime yesterday, and you guys know I don't watch anime a whole lot,
but we actually watched Ranma, one half again, and I got to see the first couple episodes.
And it's one of those animes I actually enjoy, I think it's so cute, it makes me laugh.
And we were going to play Metroid Prime 2 Echoes, because I'm really curious to check
out that game. But, I don't know, we ran out of time. We ended up watching A Mighty Wind
instead. Go figure. And then, well, Christopher made us watch episodes of Upright Citizens
Brigade, which was this old show that was on Comedy Central a couple of years ago. It
was actually kind of funny. Like, some of it was really funny. The concept, I really
liked the concept. Some of the humor was a little, like it was hit and miss, but I thought
the concept was great, and the girl in that show rocks. Anyway, I guess that's pretty
much it for my week of my day. I didn't do anything that exciting game-wise, except that
one game.
Actually, speaking of anime, a friend of mine got me onto an anime lately. I've been watching
Fruits Basket. It's cute. I didn't think I'd like it.
I just pulled back the whole box.
Ah, you meanie!
Oh well, tough.
I would've bought it from you.
The best character is Kyo, because he's violent. I like violence. That's all.
and no I'm not watching Naruto because everybody in the goddamn universe is
watching Naruto I don't watch it I've been reading the manga I don't watch it
but I don't watch like any anime the fact that they got me to watch Ranma is
you know amazing so anyway moving on Bradley Arcadian 42 our quiet man in the
corner there how was your week how was your day my week was just a regular old
week work and not much else though I've had for like the past two weeks I've had
crappy cold and sniffly and coffee and all this kind of crap kind of by the
same stuff that Jamie said it's kind of it's annoying this weekend I played some
old-school Super Nintendo games played a Actraiser and played Link to the Past
Those are two very sexy games.
Yes. And that's about everything I did.
If it's of any interest at all.
On to the next.
I was just thinking about Actraiser for a minute.
And what a great game that is.
What? What dark side, Cora?
I don't know. People keep mentioning stuff that makes me remember the stuff I did during the week.
What did you two think of now?
Last night, falling asleep watching Dan play Metroid.
Super Metroid or like old school?
Metroid.
Oh, that's odd.
And Bionic Commando.
Man.
Watching Hitler blow up.
All these sexy games.
We need to have like a sexy retro night.
No, if you're going to do that though, I'm going to be bringing over...
Sexy cabinet.
Sexy retro games on.
Nah.
I'll bring over Sexy Parodius.
I'll bring over the...
Sexy Parodius.
Sexy Parodius didn't have an arcade release.
I think we need to play...
This is what we're going to play.
I just thought of one, but you're gonna hit me, so never mind.
You'd be playing Guardian Legend, and then I'd take the controller and show you how to play Guardian Legend.
Ooh! Oh, snap!
The only levels I actually couldn't beat, there were 10 and 20. It was difficult.
I think I got about that far, and then I stopped, but
Guardian Legend, oh man. Seriously, I know some of you guys are kind of new to
the show, and you haven't heard us gush about Guardian Legend before, but it is seriously the greatest
this 8-bit game ever made, at least in my big fat opinion. It's part shooter, part Zelda,
part bliss. Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
Pretty good. Had to get ready for school and stuff because that starts this week, yay.
Didn't play too, too much of that evil game that everyone, that I can't mention now because
you're gonna fire me right lots of well I played a little bit of it but whatever
um other than that not too too much I do have to work tomorrow though don't so
yuck I don't yeah well oh well yeah see Loki does uh not too much
other than that oh and um life journal went down this week did any if anybody
knew about that for 24 hours oh my god my world ended when live journal
collapsed no I'm kidding it didn't but seriously did you notice how many people
suddenly were like I have to go outside live journals town yeah that was that
was pretty funny cuz as soon as it came back up all of my friends were going oh
my god I couldn't live without life you know oh my god it's back up what is it
as soon as it went back up everybody was posting about it and whatever so
everyone had their withdrawal. I only jumped on just to see
you know, what friendsists were doing and all that stuff
and to see if a certain other show was going on but
I couldn't do that because LiveJournal was down, so. Speaking of LiveJournal, what an
excellent chance to plug our community.
We actually have a LiveJournal community. It's username OrangeLounge. Check it out.
That's really difficult to remember. Some of us though had dead journals to go to.
And dead journal, and dead journals that never get used unless live journal's down, right?
Exactly.
Alright, fair enough.
Um, let's see, so that's it for your weekend day?
Before I forget, I forgot to mention the website for that Rose game.
It's roseon.com, it's all one word.
Alright.
I love the chatroom, I'm sorry because I don't know who said this first,
but another game at our sexy retro game-a-thon where you guys are going to sit around and watch me play games.
play games. Um, Blaster Master, you guys can sit around and watch me play Blaster Master
because that would be probably the second best 8-bit game ever made.
That's when I actually bring over the collection, and uh, and I have to say, the collection.
Yeah, and then we can sit around and talk about how much the other Blaster Master games
sucked.
And bring over all of, all of the Mega Man games to date up to, I think, I think I have
up through X4 on Saturn and then I have like a I think five and six and then
that's it but I have all of the NES ones. You know what would be great I I will
still I will never forget this one of the very first times I met Dark Zakra I
went to her house actually because I got invited to her house like pretty quick
and when I walked in there was like five TVs and everybody was playing The Legend
as Zelda, and the old school 8-bit Legend of Zelda on all these TV's. They were having
the speed beat. Yeah, and I guess what was going on is that they were seeing who could
beat Legend of Zelda the fastest. Five TV's in the living room and dining room. And there
was one person playing Splatterhouse. I noticed that, the one random person. I have no idea
why but there was one random Splatterhouse. All these guys in the house playing Zelda
and yelling and screaming, it was awesome, I was in heaven. And didn't you call that
a LAN party, a local area Nintendo party? Yeah, that was a LAN party, a local area Nintendo.
Now next time- And they did the same with Mega Man 2 after. I was gonna say, you need
to do something like that, but on each TV have a different Mega Man game. That'd be
so hot. Watching Andrew do that in an hour was like, scary as hell. I'm going, holy crap!
But that's Andrew for you, he's a Mega Man boy. I've done the um, the uh, the dragon
level of, uh, of, uh, I've actually beat the dragon on Mega Man 2 blindfolded.
That's hot. I can't do it now, but when I played that game all the damn time, I had
all of my jumps, it's like basically when you get to the platform right before you jump,
that's when I was blindfolded, and I made all my jumps, hit it up there, and knew exactly
where all my jumps were. I could see, like, I could just picture it in my mind, Jamie
sitting there in her camo with the blindfold on and the controller in her hand and a candy
cigarette in her mouth, cause not a real one cause she doesn't smoke, but a candy cigarette
in her mouth, just sitting there, bringing it on.
Whatever.
The only other game...
It's like a non-flashback or something.
The only other game I can play blindfolded is level 81 on Super Mario Brothers.
Dark Knight says Jamie was like Zen.
You channeled your Zen warrior power.
That is supreme geekness.
I didn't even know I had any when I was twelve.
Alright, uh, and then I'm being poked fun of in the chat room for going over to a girl's house.
Don't you know they have cooties?
Don't you know they have cooties?
Do you remember the one guy who had his computer case built out of a toolbox?
Yes.
That was cool.
He knows a camo toolbox.
Okay, I'm just, I'm waller-ing in geek right now, this is funny. Alright, moving on. Umm,
Explicit joined us, he walked in during the break, also Tardy there, Mr. Tardy. Yeah,
alright. Well, Explicit, how was your week, how was your day?
It was pretty cool, I liked it. Some ups and downs, but most likely ups.
Any games you were playing this week?
Well, I finished Metroid Prime 2 in like, in like one week. That's about it.
I'm beating Final Fantasy II.
The Dawn of Souls one? Okay.
In three days.
Jeez. I feel like I can't touch Final Fantasy II until I beat Final Fantasy I.
II is a bitch to level up on. You have to get used to the system.
I hear you can do something in the beginning, though. Make it really easy. Like, you level up your characters uber strong in the beginning.
That's if you have enough time in your hands to cheat and level up so you can...
There's always time for cheating!
Oh, yeah. I'll explain that on the FUs.
Alright.
Anything else going on with your week?
Oh, man, I was thinking of getting into a relationship with a close friend of mine, and you know that's about it.
Relations, huh?
That's cool.
You've been having relations.
And also, updates on the tournament on February 5th.
Okay, you're having a tournament in SACTO February 5th?
SACTO SmackDown, February 5th.
I love these Jesus tournament names.
Or some people call it PISS because it says Paradise Island SACTO SmackDown.
Paradise Island SACTO SmackDown, you're calling your tournament PISS?
No, it was not expected.
Scat. Okay, but scat was funny, but piss is really funny.
It was not expected, I was just like, oh my gosh.
And now, for the golden shower round!
Where we shower you with gold!
Can I co-emcee that tournament or something?
Go ahead. So I can come out and then throw gold glitter in the air and say,
it's a golden shower here at piss!
Go ahead, do whatever you want in the tournament.
Hahahaha!
Hahahaha!
I'm sorry, this is so seventh grade but I don't care.
Do the posters say piss?
No, um, chaos is what I came up with.
It's like, ooh, it spells piss.
And that's a sack-tail smackdown.
I was actually trying to prevent the word from saying ass.
Oh, right.
Like a sack-tail smackdown but now it says piss.
Yeah, you know, ass would have been-
Ass is looking pretty good right now, huh?
That's the only time I'm going to get him to admit it.
Oh my gosh.
Alright.
That's great.
What kind of tournaments are you having again at PISS?
Okay, it starts at eleven or twelve o'clock.
It will contain DDRPA, which is-
THE PISS BEGINS AT NOON.
I long did.
Oh my gosh.
I think I just killed Sky on this one.
So will you be starting off on heavy and then working your way to light?
Actually that's two divisions.
The perfect piss.
And the freestyle piss.
Oh my god.
The first round of course is a PA.
The first one will determine if you're going to the intermediate or the expert division, if you're applicable.
Hopefully you'll make it unless you really like the lowest seed.
Oh my gosh.
What the hell?
Oh my god.
Did you finally taste that piss in the bottle?
Fucking Dr. Pepper nasty shit?
It finally hit you?
Honestly, because that stuff looks nasty.
Diet Dr. Pepper cherry vanilla ass juice.
For those that couldn't see what just happened,
I had one of those moments where I was about to laugh really really hard
because Loki just gave me that look of I'm thinking something really funny right now.
and I had to run over to the kitchen sink and spit out the drink so and I was
of course drinking that Dr. Pepper. I'm sorry I'm sorry explicit go ahead and finish.
It's alright. Everyone's all cracking up with the title piss. Okay there's also there's also
initial D version 3 tournaments for those interested in wasting their cars.
so that should be it's also gonna be held at the same time with DDR PA as
well so time goes faster and there's a freestyle at six o'clock this should be
pretty interesting a two-rounded DDR freestyle the first round is an improv
improv with a prop you get to use a prop so you know the initial D term in there
You can actually call the I'd piss because you know.
Oh my god.
The initial D, Paradise Island, Sacktown Smackdown.
Two.
Oh my god.
Whatever. Okay, I'm done with the piss jokes.
I'm sorry. We will bury the piss jokes, but you have to admit it's funny.
I know.
I never expected it to be called that initials.
Alright.
Ah, that's great. Alright.
Let's see. Of course, the last round is the routines.
Keep in mind that you can actually do a group routine if you wish to.
For two group pissing?
Knock it out!
Sorry, sorry, sorry. I'm sorry. That's the last. I swear that was the last. I'm sorry.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
And James just pissed off all the...
I come in from the bathroom and you're still talking about piss?
What would you do without me to babysit you?
Don't be pissed off.
This show is so full of shit.
Not tonight, it's full of piss.
Full of pee.
You know what you should give as refreshment to everybody at the tournament?
Okay, okay, seriously?
No, no, no!
Red Bull and little plastic clear cups.
Because Red Bull looks like pee.
Okay, this seriously has to stop.
When I said that this show went to the toilet, I wasn't literal, you guys.
Jesus.
Well, you know.
And now our chat room is just going off.
Okay.
Breathe in.
Alright.
Alright, so, February 5th is when it all goes down.
It all goes down, by the way. There will be food supplied as well for those who enter the tournament.
And Red Bull.
Yes, everyone be sure to come out and pee A with us.
Alright, that was bad.
I think we need a break.
In this break, we're going to hear some music that was in some various Japanese DDR releases.
Some of the newer ones. I just wanted an excuse to play Superstar and Paranoia Respect and some cool songs.
So we're going to hear that, and then we're going to come back, and we actually have some Bomani news I want to talk about when we come back.
Believe it or not, there's actually a new Bomani game being tested right now.
Is it the DDO with Mario?
No no no, we talked about that last week. There's no new details on DDR Mario yet, unless I miss something.
I'll check to see if there's any new details on that.
There's another new one that's being tested right now.
I'm gonna talk about that when we come back.
And we will, I'll do, oh, we should do it in the next break.
That's cool, okay.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
["Orange Lounge Radio"]
People always talk about
All the things they're all about
Slide it on a piece of paper
Got a feeling I'll see you later
There's something about these
That keep it moving
And if it's good enough
To get something cooking
That won't want to laugh at you
I'm stealing from connection
To the things you do
I don't know what it is that makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are, but you must be some kind of superstar
Cause you got a life in you no matter where you are
You just wanna be, I don't know what it is that makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are but you must be some kind of stupid star
Cause you got a lot for you, no matter where you are
I don't know what it is that you feel like saying
I don't know who you are but so you will see it some kind of stupid star
cause you got a lot for you, no matter where you are
The way you are, I'm in love with you
We don't care!
We don't care!
Oh
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down for you.
it and reverse it.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio recovering a little bit during that break here and we're
back and you know it's been kind of a slow week in the Bomani world, not a whole lot
of news but there was one pretty big thing that came up that I thought was pretty interesting
and it's actually something that kind of, I don't know, it's been leaking around on
various live journals out there and now you're seeing it kind of pop up on DDR
Freak as well I know somebody had posted about it over there in the forums over
there and it's actually a new game by Konami that's being tested right now and
it's a game called dance 86.4 like I guess it's supposed to be some kind of
radio station parody or something you know yeah I think right John posted
something about it in her live journal and like she posted like a picture of
of the actual machine and on the title she was like new she was like new of a
money game question mark and I saw it and I'm like dang that's pretty cool
except it was funny because one of her friends commented and said that the bars
were smaller well yeah this looks like a game that's obviously geared at kids I
just posted a link in the chat room if you guys hadn't hadn't seen this yet and
there's some pictures some full-length pictures you can bring up of what this
game looks like, looks very kid-like, like you could say popin' music-like, but then
again, we all know popin' music was a game that was kind of aimed at kids originally
and has now quickly become like one of the tougher Bomani series, some would argue it's
the toughest Bomani series, but that's, you know, something you could be argued about.
It has a very similar look to DDR, except I noticed this. Three panels, that's it. You
got a left middle right which sort of reminds me of DDR solos three panel mode
if you remember that I don't know but DDR solo have like a three panel mode
that was very similar and you can see in these screenshots you can see a little
character there dancing looks very similar to the DDR concept it's a little
hard to tell without some moving screenshots but that's what we see right
now and then these little miniature bars that this time they're in the front as
as opposed to the back. So why you have the bars in the front
as opposed to the back, I have no idea, but that's the way it's built. So
take that as you will. Now here's the other interesting thing. When looking at
the song list, some of the early songs that are supposed to be in this,
you'll notice there's a couple songs that were actually in DDR Festival that
are showing up here.
One of them being the Cutie Honey theme that was in DDR Festival.
So some of those are crossing over into this new Dance
86.4 game which is very interesting I must say and yeah I'm being corrected in
the chat room that the three panel solo mode was actually bottom was involved so
you weren't just moving back and forth side to side like this one set up where
three arrows are all next to each other it was kind of like you could do upper
left or left and upper right or right and then bottom so you kind of had a
little bit different motion but this one is kind of like I don't know I would
think that the way you would dance to this would be more like a hoedown but
Obviously this is something that's written, or being done for kids. I don't know. We'll see.
Any comment on this game? The Dance 86.4 Funky Radio Station?
I have to... You know, I would think that they would have just done the Ohasta.
I know. Kind of weird, huh? Oh, you posted some more pictures there, didn't you, Loki?
Okay, very cool. What I think is kind of weird about this is that part of me is kind of scared
because, you know, you hear that, you know, we are starting over with DDR Extreme. Is
this starting over? This isn't even DDR. You're not even close. This is a spinoff of Bishi
Boshi. That's all it is. It's just like they have the Bishi Boshi type dancing game thing
that had three, it was exactly like this except it wasn't on stage. It was just on some stupid
little pad. They have it at AI. It's honestly, it's nothing new. It's nothing exciting. It's
just like a new bishy boshy game. They actually had, there was some other shit I posted too
in here that was kind of funny. There was, where did I put it here? Oh, this one right
here. I'm all, looks like banjo freaks. And you know, it's some like banjo game thing.
They had, like, a bunch of stuff that was on this one website here that were look-
Well, keep in mind Namco came out with a whole bunch of music games they never saw.
Location testing. Um, like, yeah, they have the, um,
this, uh, karaoke game, I think, that's actually, um,
Idolmaster. It's another Namco music game that's coming out
where you have to become, like, a pop idol type thing. Um,
of course, you know, Guitar Freaks V. They had stuff about that, and, um,
Um, and then... Funky Radio Station Dance 86.4. But, um, yeah. I don't know. It's...
That looks interesting, I guess. So, I don't know. I can't help but feel a little bit of...
Come on, guys. You gotta work on this game. Where's my new DDR? Where is it? Where? I
I don't want this Dance 86.4 style. I want DDR.
Where's my DDR, Loki?
Uh, you just got Festival. I mean, shit. What do you want?
I want Arcade DDR! I can't believe they're making this whole new machine,
this Dance 86.4. Okay, and I understand maybe there's a market for kid games and stuff,
but, eh, it's frustrating.
Why are they spending time on this when they could be making me a beautiful new DDR machine?
cuz this is cheaper. Alright. Anyway, uh, let's move on. Loki, what's going on in the
sim scene right now? Anything? Yeah, finally, finally, the sim files have been released
for DDR UltraMix 2, Dancing Stage Fusion, and Festival. Finally, they're, well, done,
I guess. They would be found at, well, they have like a preliminary thing up right now.
It's pretty much, I mean, they're as done as far as you and I are concerned because,
I mean, oh no, they're missing the beginner steps on doubles. Whoo! Oh my God! You know,
But other than that, it's perfectly fine. They have them all done, including, I think, the first, no, not the first service pack, but everything else is done on it.
Now, I have a very long link I'll post later for where you can find these at, but check in DDRUK if you want to know. Keep up to date with their progress on Songpax 6 and 7, or whatever the two new ones are, because that's what's going to be happening there.
DDR Maniacs is still down. Also, I think, I'm not sure if I mentioned it, because like I said, I can't remember where they came out on, but on DDR, or Bimani style, there's three more sim files for my songs on there, and they're actually pretty good, so you can go check those out, just, you know.
There was the Legend of TAC, the Gravity, Dark Sakura Burn Nation mix, and the Ecstasy
14 Hours Club mix, I believe.
No, that was an older one.
Anyways.
So yeah, that's pretty much all that's going on right now, scene wise.
So, that and Bomani is still talking about rolling out a site called Simulation Style, which I think is like Bomani Sims 2.0 type thing.
That's supposedly coming out later on, so...
That's it.
Alrighty.
Jamie, how you doing over there?
Sniffy.
Anything interesting going on on the forums over there?
There isn't crap happening on DDR Freak right now.
Someone PM'd me asking me what post touring is.
Could you explain for the masses what post touring is?
When you post a whole bunch of stuff, unnecessarily, especially for people who post three damn times in a row instead of editing your post.
I consider that to be a version of post touring.
Okay.
But now there's not really a whole major lot going on in the forums.
Yeah, so, you know, slow news week.
Slow news week. Slow everything.
Any people are just trying to get adjusted to the new year, maybe?
Maybe. I think everybody's kind of sitting on things until E3.
You know, so we're in for a slow couple of months.
I don't know, there is this stuff kind of brewing in Japan with DDR Mario
and supposedly being showed at that show that's going on right now.
I'm surprised we haven't heard anything about it.
I'm sure it'll leak out on the net in the next few days,
days, depending on what capacity this game is being shown in. And, you know, as far as
these new games getting test locations and stuff, we'll just kind of have to get the
news as we get it. Otherwise, as far as American releases go, we're probably not going to hear
anything until E3. That'll be the big time. Because, you know, if there is a new DDR game
coming out this year, which I'm confident there's going to be, we won't get the details
until E3. So, we're in for a very interesting next few months. All right. You guys ready
to have a cage match. Yes, please. Alright, here we go, Orange Lawns Radio cage match.
The way the cage match works, we play three songs for your listening pleasure, and the
winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lawns Radio Live's Bimani Music
and More program, which plays 24 hours a day, seven days a week on the station when we're
not here. The winning song, you get to hear a clip of it because it won last week so it
gets to be put in again this week. And then you hear two new songs in their entirety.
So let's start off with last week's song. Last week's song was a song that Jamie picked
a couple weeks ago. It's two weeks in a row winning now and it's going for one more week.
The song is called Joe La Taxi, we're calling it for short. If you want to participate in
cage match you got to be in our chat room www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on chat.
Here it is, song number one, Oria Posey, Joe LaTaxi, the Jan Wayne remix radio cut. Enjoy.
Having mics on would help.
There it is.
Another one tonight, a clip of Joe LaTaxi.
Alright, will Joe LaTaxi win again? We shall find out, but we have to put two new songs up against it, and the next song comes from Loki.
Loki, what are you putting in tonight? Is it a remix of Girls?
No.
No, it's not a remix of Girls, because I haven't cut those down to size yet, so that's the only reason why you're not getting Girls.
You pissed me off people and I will fucking put it in two more times cuz I have two more
I will make a remix of that song if I have to in order to make another entry
But this is not girls. This is this is our favorite friend Minnie head and his
Debut track that is gonna be on his next album that he demoed for the wonderful people on his website
Unfortunately, you have to buy something or be a member or whatever
So this is exclusive
Not released yet. This is
um...
then what was it called? This is Take Me Away by Midihead.
Does he know that you're doing this?
So, you're bootlegging... God, if we get a nasty letter, it's your ass. Alright, here it is.
I'm...
you know...
I'm creating buzz, okay? Buzz.
Buzz is not bad. Buzz is good.
Alright, let's see what kind of buzz this generates. Here it is, song number two, Midihead.
take me away enjoy
A shot rings out of silence, another mother creeps
And in this day of violence, they glorify the thieves
Oh no, no, no
I close my eyes in the darkness of the light
I'm reaching for your hand Oh, give me away from here
Away from all this madness Take me away from here
Away from all the pain and fear
I'm crumpled in her corner
Will this be her last breath?
Some will mock, some will mourn her
Has the cuddle hurt?
I close my eyes and the darkness comes alive
You're alive, you're reaching for my hand, hold me
Won't you take me away from here
Away from all this madness
Take me away from here
Away from all the pain and fear
Away from here
Away from all the sadness Take me away from here
Away from all the pain and fear
Far away
But I don't know where you're from yet
Won't you take me away from here, away from all this madness
Take me away from here, away from all the pain and fear
Away from here, away from all the sadness
Let's go around and see what they thought.
What we thought.
Excuse me.
Jamie, your thoughts.
I still don't like that guy's voice.
I'm not saying he's not talented or anything, I just don't really care for his voice.
But it did fit that song. I have to say, it did fit that song. So I give that one a 7.
Well I do have to agree with James about the voicing. I don't know, just something about it just doesn't blend too much to the music itself.
The artist is very talented, but I'll have to give it 10 out of 10.
7 from Xlicit
Arcadian
6 from Arcadian
Loki
He gets a 10 because I can't wait for his next album
And Angel
I really do like Monolithic stuff
And it was really kind of bouncy
8
Yeah I like Monolithic quite a bit too
I think he has a very distinct voice
It's different
It's not for everybody
But um
everybody but I don't know the only thing about that song for me is that I
think he said this on his forums too which is why I kind of I kind of gave
Loki a funny look when he put this song in is that I don't think I think he said
the song isn't quite finished yet that it's kind of still a work in progress
yes it is it's a demo yeah and that seat it's got that demo feel to me like it's
missing something there's something missing I can't put my finger on it but
I'm not the musician it's not I'm not gonna figure out exactly what it is but
I like it. I like what I hear so far. I definitely will pick up his next album when it comes
out. If for no other reason than I just think he's a cool guy. So, uh, I give it an 8.
Alright, so an 8 for me. And moving on, it's my turn to pick a song and I really didn't
want to do this tonight. I did not want to put this song in, surprisingly enough, I didn't
want to do this, but I feel like I have been listening to nothing but this song non-stop
this week that I would be doing myself a personal injustice to not put this song
in the cage match tonight and no it's not girls sorry but the song I did put
in is another orange lounge favorite artist it is echo image because I picked
up a new single but it's a new echo image song I picked up a single by them
last week it rocks I love it the song called endless day I hope you guys enjoy
Here it is, song number three, Echo Image, Endless Day.
Put me back inside so we can try Cross an ocean of a mountain, say goodbye
Reverse what I once said, I can't be wrong
Yes, I have my reasons after all
Can't find the way to go, we're going back in time
Didn't tell you what we ever thought we'd find
Made you think you could find another way
And you left behind another day
I'll be gone
I'll be gone
Depending on those words I once belonged They used to make much sense but I was wrong
You're freezing my events all yesterday
Yes, I should see you running my own way
Get back, get back, get back, get back to living
We're going back in time
If you get lucky, you're as fucked up as fun
Make a mistake and start a fight from the other way
If you get left behind, it's another day
Can't find it, but we're going back inside
Can't tell you what we are about to find
Make them think that we're fighting another way
Alright though, song number three, Echo Image with Endless Day. Let's find out the scores.
Jamie?
I actually really like that, because I think his voice is just slightly over for that one,
like it's a little too loud, because on the other ones I've heard he has a really nice
blend with the music, almost in Ben Halen's, you know, Sammy Hagar era type blending. This
and I think it was a little overpowering, so I give it a 9.
Alright, 9 from Jamie, explicit.
I actually like the song, I give it like a 8.5, but there's something about it that just makes it far from perfect in a way.
It's a very great song, it has a lot of originality and variation, it's very good music.
Instead of like all ticket cutter, which, I don't know, just the pauses is like, anything
the pauses is what kills the good, because of the song.
Not a big fan of pauses.
Well, I like some of the pauses, but it looks like it's done wrong in a way, I'm not sure.
I just don't feel like it's something appealing.
Alright.
Other than that, it's a very good song.
Alright.
I like it a lot.
Fair enough.
Arcadian.
That's good.
I'll give it an 8.
Loki.
I guess it's him because it's awesome.
10 because it's Echo Image and it's still awesome.
here after this quick recap of the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one, Jonah Taxi.
Song number two, Midihead, Take Me Away.
I'm picking really bad clips of the songs tonight, I'm sorry guys.
Song number three, Echo Image, Endless Day.
All right. Place vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your
vote for song number one, two, or three. You can call them Joe LaTaxi, Take Me Away, Endless
Day, Echo Image, Midi Head, and if you can pronounce the other one, that's fine by me
Whatever we'll get the message across. Alright, moving on. More stuff going on. So when it is a slow news week, I like to go around and I like to browse some of the forums and I like to be inspired by certain topics that are going on in some of the various web forums. Of course, one of the largest being DDRFreak and of course we like DDRFreak because not only do we have a host who happens to be a moderator there.
I wonder who that is.
I think it's you.
Oh, I forgot.
Our webmaster is a moderator there
and then several of our frequent guests are moderators there.
One's an admin. And yeah, there you go. And then we get rerun.
E-admin. And now we are a small part of DDR Freak. We have to bring the site down
with our dumb little show we do.
Which you can hear Friday nights at six o'clock over on DDR Freak Radio,
which is a cool station. Check it out. But they got forums over there and you know
sometimes I just I love these topics that come up
and over a DDR chit chat I just I had to bring this up
here's the topic title it's called don't you wish you had a girlfriend that
played DDR
let me sum up the message here this is like every guy I knows dream
to have a girl that will play DDR and actually be good
I mean come on wouldn't that just be awesome
I mean, except for the part where she steals all the glory or whatnot.
Wouldn't that be cool to have a girlfriend that plays DDR? Loki.
There goes another F you.
Or another kid.
Wouldn't it be awesome to actually touch a real girl?
Wouldn't it be awesome to get laid?
Wouldn't it be awesome to rape a woman instead of a freakin' bar?
No.
No?
Not at all.
God, this is sad.
Someday I'll get laid!
Jamie, don't you wish you had a girlfriend that played DDR?
Well, I don't know. I have to ask my fiance.
Jamie, surely you must have some kind of comment on this, because
let me look here. Let me read that. Let me find that quote again.
to have a girl that will play DDR and actually be good!
I wouldn't know anything about that.
So are you saying that there's no girls that are actually good at DDR out there?
Well of course we are, I mean...
Even though you can pass katas and...
You know what, my comment is completely off the record as we are
probably being recorded by a few people.
But that's probably the most dumb threat I've ever freaking heard of in my life.
That's almost as dumb as show off your cell phone.
Which is going on a random chat right now.
This has turned out to be a dumbass, dumbass revolution.
Well, hey, you know, the guy just wants a girlfriend that I can sort of see.
Don't we want to date people that have similar interests? Sometimes.
But then you got people like DJ Nes saying, ooh, is there any hot girls in NorCal? Or shit like this.
No. You know what? There are no girls in NorCal, actually. We should tell them that. There's actually no girls here. It's one big gay bar, actually.
I'm not responding to this.
You know, why would they even ask? Is there any hotties in NorCal? Like, they're gonna talk to you. Sure.
Seriously.
Okay, if you gotta ask, they're not gonna talk.
I mean, really, really.
Oh! Someone's looking for Hotties!
Maybe I'll go date him!
I mean, really.
Cause I really go to an arcade to pick up dates. I drive a ricer! I am pimp!
Date me!
Allow me to spread my seed in jeans!
So that we can create the ultimate
dancing person
who yes, will not get laid. Anyways, you know, actually I did, I actually went in the thread
and I responded. I actually responded and here was my response down here. Nah, I don't
really want a girlfriend that plays DDR. I think it would be cool to have a boyfriend
that plays DDR though. That was my response. Angel, any feedback?
Well, considering I'm going to have to switch this around, at one point I did want to find
a guy that played DDR, but that's kind of, I suppose it's kind of easy because it's all
guys but hey it can happen so you know miraculously yay okay so whatever you
know oh gee yeah whatever all right so I don't know you know I'm trying to give
this guy a little credit here okay he's probably young and you know um I mean
But we see these threads all over the freaking forums.
I know, I know.
But let me give you guys some advice, OK?
People assume that they want to date somebody that has similar interests
with them so that they can go out and do stuff together.
That's cool.
But remember, guys, your interests don't always have to match up 100%
for a successful relationship.
In fact, I've been in relationships where we weren't alike at all, OK?
We were not even into the same types of things.
But part of the relationship was learning about each other's interests.
And I think as long as your potential partner is open to the idea of, you know, hey, you
play a dancing video game, you know, as long as maybe your potential partner watches a
soap opera that you think is stupid, but they watch it every day.
Well, you've got to be kind of open to that and kind of see it from their perspective.
Part about relationship is kind of learning from each other, I think.
You're never going to find anybody that's 100% just like you.
I know we all want to fuck ourselves, but let's face it.
I don't know about that guy, that's... that's sick.
Okay, I'm kidding.
But yeah, I mean, opposites attract, and that's all I have to say.
Wouldn't you guys agree with me, though? The relate part of...
I totally agree, I mean...
Yeah, no problem. Like, really.
Opposites attract, you can settle your differences and make sure you understand each other in a way.
I see no problem with all these differences. The main thing is communication, though. We all know that.
That reminds me of that old Paula Abdul song,
Two Steps Forward, Two Steps Back.
I don't remember that. And I have no career and I'm on a stupid show
that uh...
makes fun of people that suck.
She begged! She begged!
God, Paula Abdul so...
last century.
Yeah, anyways.
That's lame. Why do people start threads like that, really?
Go talk to real people.
Stop using forums.
Why don't you stop wondering about girls and go discover what girls really are?
What if we didn't have that luxury of living in a somewhat big town and being
able to go to the arcade and find people like us? Because we all met, you know,
like it or not, we all met playing DDR, right?
So, you know, maybe we've got a luxury this guy doesn't have. Comment?
We're special.
I told you you were special.
We're talented. And on top of that, you want to know, I actually met Dan online through anime and video games.
So you can find love on a forum?
No. I didn't know what the fuck a forum was when I first went online. It was just someone my roommates knew.
I'll tell you how I found everything. It's basically like this. I was bored, so I read the manual for, like, DDR USA or whatever, and in the back it gave special credits to ddrfreak.com. Then in turn I went to ddrfreak.com, found that, found the regional forums, found the link to the Sacramento's webpage, joined their forums, found a meetup, and then went there. That's basically the whole chain of events.
So, if I'm hearing this right, you're suggesting maybe what this guy ought to do is if he wants
to find the girl that's in the DDR, go to a meetup in your area where there are going
to be people playing DDR, boys and girls, and there's going to be 20 smelly guys all
fighting over that one girl.
Yeah, I mean, go Friday nights, Saturday nights, or even into a tournament.
Exactly, go to your local tournament.
If someone dares to even organize one.
So, it's hard to say because I don't know where this guy lives, but...
Alright, anyway, we're going to go to...
I was going to say we're going to go to a break, but I think we're going to go to find out who won tonight's cage match!
Who do you guys think won tonight's cage match?
I think that Taku won with Holic.
Taku did get another few votes tonight for Holic, but unfortunately we throw those out and shred them.
Eventually he's going to win!
Eventually. Actually, I think he would have won one of the ones a few weeks ago.
What do you guys think won? Any guesses?
I'm guessing... Echo Image, maybe?
Yeah, I was gonna guess Echo Image, even though Midi Head's pretty cool, but yeah.
And then Jamie's pick is also cool, so...
Uh, yeah, I'm still gonna guess Echo Image.
All right, let's find out.
Uh, what, Logie?
I was just quoting them all. Imagine how it would be to be at the top, making cash money,
detouring all around the world, telling stories about young girls.
Right. All right. Here it is, tonight's winner, the Orange Lawns Radio Cage Match, by one vote.
Only one vote made this song. Wait, it's always one vote. Here it is by one vote.
There is a new champion, Echo Image with Endless Day, one vote over Jola Taxi.
That's why you dirty French people!
One vote.
Why am I not surprised?
Very close vote, very close vote.
And Midyhead picked up quite a few votes of his own too, but one vote over Jola Taxi.
So if you think your vote doesn't make a difference, ooh hoo.
I already know what I'm going to pick.
Girl.
The chat room knows what I'm going to pick too.
I know what I'm going to pick.
Well good.
Uh oh.
Echo Image can win again. Alright, we'll see next week. We'll let Echo Image win again, but in the meantime, you get that one in rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to a break, shall we? In this break, some DDR potpourri. I think we'll do songs that were in DDR and 2DX. That sounds like fun.
fun. We'll start it off with a song that Jamie requested we play, Blue Impulse.
Happy.
Or as some folks call it...
Alishoto.
Enjoy. We'll be back.
Every night, I hear your voice Baby, every day, and every night
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening as we are usually
here every Sunday night from 6.30pm to 9.30pm Pacific Standard Time.
I was being such camera horror during the break too, did you see that?
I might get on the cam.
Shock of shocks!
That would be amazing.
You definitely want to stay tuned for that.
But actually I just made this really random pose on the cam and it actually turned out
really good.
You definitely need to make an icon of that.
I'm going to.
Alright, we shall see. And then the chat room's being so sweet, they're talking about how they want to meet us and stuff.
We do want to go to a con. I, come hell or high water, I'm going to make it to Faname this year.
I wanted to go to Faname, but I want to cosplay this year.
So, you know, that would be a good way to...
I'm thinking about making an idea I had a while back.
We should write to Faname people and get one of those lecture things.
I want to make a white mage outfit.
That would be awesome. That would be cool.
I'll go as a- I'll go as a warrior. I'll go as a warrior in Sublegar.
I wanted to do the Yuna 10-2 vintage outfit.
Oh no, that's cool.
That one was really neat. Those boots.
I definitely want to do the warrior in Sublegar though.
But, huh? When is what?
Uh, Faname is usually- Loki, isn't Faname usually around Memorial Day weekend?
day weekend? Yeah, it was actually on Memorial Day weekend last year. That's right, I remember
Fanta Mae was only like a week after E3 last year. Let me get the Fanta Mae dates, I'll
go check. We'll have to talk to the Fanta Mae people though. Do you think we're good
enough to get our own little lecture thing? We are hot, okay? We're hot shit! Okay, honestly,
honestly, they had Tampopo arcade there. Do you remember what Tampopo arcade was? Okay.
Question answered, thanks. Alright, Angel. I'll go if somebody wants to kidnap me for
for a weekend. That sounded really bad, oops.
Fonomay is May 27th, 28th, 29th, and 30th.
Now, now, I know, okay, everybody in the chat room is going,
why Fonomay? Come to our local convention on the East Coast. Because Fonomay Expo sucks!
It's not Fonomay Expo, yeah, it's the fact that Fonomay we can drive to,
okay, we can all pile in the OLR van that doesn't exist, except in my imagination.
We can pile in the Mystery Machine, which is the OLR van,
and go. Uh, whereas to go to the East Coast costs money that we don't have until we become
rich and famous. So, we'll see. That's what you can do.
E3 is the weekend before. If you want to see us at your East Coast Con,
help us be rich and famous. That's what it is. Send us money.
E3 is the weekend before. Alright, we'll see. We would love to come
to more conventions, honestly. We will whore ourselves out to anybody that wants to have
us, so... We could try Pacific Coast Con. We'll even fly Southwest. I mean, we're not
picky. We'll fly Southwest and stay in a Motel 6. There's the one that the people who originally
started AX do now, things like Pacific Coast Con or something. That basically is back to
what AX originally was before it got stupid. And I hear it's a pretty good con. We could
to do YowieCon! Hot! Oh my god, we should do YowieCon and go all like, like J-Rock style.
You just made me blink and run away, but maybe that's a good thing. YowieCon's supposed to
be fun. Loki, wouldn't you want to do YowieCon? Oh yeah, look at me all excited. Alright,
I think what we'll do now is actually we're going to open up our Skype line for some feedback.
If you guys want to call our show, we're going to do that. So we're going to open up the
skype line right now for you guys to be able to call into our show and have a
chat with us. Um, Jamie in the meantime I know you wanted to talk about something
that's going on. We were talking about LiveJournal a little bit before and I
know you've got a new little project going on over there so go ahead and plug
away. Over on LiveJournal I've made a community called GeekFit, G-E-E-K-S-I-T, for
anybody who was wanting to have feedback on getting in better shape and you know
there's a few of us on there right now basically just like a big support group
for each other you know sharing tips you know asking about exercise different
things that are helping all of us so if you're interested in bettering yourself
then join up it's what we're for. Sounds cool so now we didn't you have to have
another community at one point that was kind of similar to food? It was it was
actually just for certain local oh okay oh I'm sorry I'm sorry that was oh yeah
Yeah, that was an invite only one anyway, right?
Yeah, it was invite only.
Okay.
I was special because I was there.
This one is open, but the requirement is that you have to be a geek.
And if you're listening to this show, that's an instant qualifier, honestly, because you
have to be a geek to listen to this show.
So you are pre-approved for membership in a Geek Fit if you're listening to this show.
So check that out, and I know a lot of folks out there use DDR as a means for exercise.
I'm putting a link in the chatroom momentarily.
Now there's, there's more to, though, you wouldn't, you know, somebody wants to join
this community and talk about how DDR is their exercise program.
That's cool and all.
But what are some other alternatives that you guys would be encouraging over in the
Geek Fit community?
Well, it's more or less just leaning more toward healthy attitudes.
You know, we would encourage, like if you say, okay, if I need to play how much DDR
to lose how much, then, you know, we've been sharing in there, like, like our last thing
that we put in there was different snacks, and it's about at least three people on the
community now are doing low-carb diets.
We have other people who are highly active, and then, you know, there's my high-protein
thing that I'm doing, but mostly we just support each other's style of how we're doing it and
give feedback.
All right.
I'm going to follow up with you in a minute here.
I actually just picked up a call on the Skype line here because I want to actually pick
up a call while we've got somebody on the line. Hi, you're on Orange House Radio. Who
dis? Hello? Hello. This is Jaded. Hi, Jaded. How are you? I'm doing fine. Is this off?
Good. Now, this is the first time you've called into the show, isn't it? Yes, it is. Fresh
blood. Any comment you wanted to make about tonight's show? Any comment in general? Yes,
actually, we were tight. I just lost you there, bud. You might have some bandwidth going there,
I got bandwidth issues. You might want to stop anything else you're doing, even if you're listening to the show.
Can you hear me?
I think we might have lost him. Can you hear me, guy?
Pardon me?
Okay, there you are. Your bandwidth, you're really choppy right now. You got a comment for us?
Oh, really? Because my bandwidth is not being used all the time.
Ooh, just must be a shoddy connection. I don't know.
Okay, try it now. I had...
A little better.
I have something about it that I was noticing it, to tell you the truth.
What was the comment you wanted to make? We'll try to pick it up as best we can.
Okay, the comment I wanted to make was about meeting the ORL crew, actually.
Okay, meeting the Orange Mountains Radio crew, yes, and we can hear you good now. So, yeah, what was the comment?
The comment was, that would be like a great random prize, so to speak.
a great random prize. For us to give out, you mean?
To fly somebody out here? Yeah, basically.
Kind of more or less as like a game show, so to speak.
Kind of like The Price is Right. So, okay,
he's breaking up a little bit, but as I understand what he's suggesting here is
that we should do some type of game show, and the big prize would be
fly out here and meet the OLR crew. I don't know about that. I mean, my god,
that means one of us would have to put this
person up in everything be a little weird but
I like the idea it just involves money
which is non-existent in our budget. How much was in the budget this year
Dark Sakura? How much did we have in the Orange Ontario budget?
Some sun-dried tomatoes. Yeah I believe we had some sun-dried tomatoes and about five
Jelly Bellies in this year's budget.
I contributed cashews though. You did so that was good so
hopefully we can sell that stuff on eBay and we'd be able to
have this contest I like the idea I just don't know if we can do it
I would you enter if we did it? Yeah I would. Now you're not one of those freaky
stalkers that have like an axe that would chop us up or anything are you?
Oh no. Okay alright sounds good
alright any other comment you want to make? And then
no that's the only comment I really wanted to make. Alright well I like the idea
jaded I hope one day we're rich and we can make it work for you guys
okay alright have a good one buddy yep alright bye
We like new people calling in. All right, if you want to call in, Skype line's open. Give us a call there.
Jamie actually is over on the cam right now. Gasp, shock, and awe.
www.orangelaungeradio.com if you want to head over there and look.
You know, actually, this is what would be a good idea, is that instead of flying somebody out here necessarily to, like, hang out in our studio house and everything like that,
Maybe if we were to do the Fatime thing, or the E3 thing, we could actually have a come with us to E3 contest. How cool would that be?
People would be murdering each other to do that, so I don't know. We'll see. One day, one day we'll make one of these ideas work.
Anyway, we got another call on the Orange Launch Radio skype line, so let's have a chat. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello Sky, it's Siggy here. Hello Siggy, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I just recently browsed into the Bimani style forms.
Actually, this was as of last Thursday.
RMZ posted about what he knows about 9th Style CS so far.
Ooh, I want to hear! 9th Style, very sexy, what's up?
Yeah, there are going to be 60 9th Style songs, I mean 60 songs from 9th Style.
Uh-huh, that's hot.
Yeah, and there are going to be three songs that are most likely going to be on 9th Style CS,
which are going to be, that have anothers, which is Genim Screams, Checking You Out,
and Minimalion.
Okay, so there are new songs that haven't had anothers before?
They didn't have any anothers, but these are the three songs that will most likely come
back.
Gotcha.
On themselves, yes.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, and then, here's another thing, seven new CS songs which are going to be exclusives,
including songs from L.E.D., Garouvi, and Megumi Uperslope.
surprised we're seeing a lot of the same people that were in 8th Style coming back
but that's a good thing. New LED is always a good thing. If Meg wants to do
another video where she shows off a rack, fine by me. Yeah, I heard that, yeah! Take it off!
And then the last one here is a remix version of the popular song
Usual Days from Pop'n Music is going to be on non-style CS.
Ooh, okay so we're getting a Pop'n Music remix. Now wasn't there another song
That song in 8th style that was crossed over from Poppin' Music as well?
Oh, that's Everyday Lovely Day by Rihanna.
Okay, yeah. And I love that song, so hopefully that's a good sign.
Alright, cool. Any other details on 9th style we know so far?
That's the last thing that was on the message.
Okay. Very cool. So, I need to get back into 2DX. I'm so far behind.
I have to pick up 7th, 8th, and 9th style. But 9th style, seriously, is like my favorite song list since, like, 6th.
so i have to have to get it
so yeah
one of these days
idea any other news going on other
well this is the only one abroad so far
and i want to know
or any other any quick comments you make
well yeah
uh... the
the site that i gave you a minute the dustbacon side i gave you the dot they
can we see that yeah
that's a check it out after the show
i i will have in videos in it
I have to zoom out to the goth club so I can look miserable tonight.
Well, probably after the goth club or something, or anytime.
I will make that happen.
Alright, thanks for calling my friend, I appreciate it. Have a good one, bud.
No problem. Bye-bye. And look at that, we're getting back-to-back phone calls tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Hey, Skye, it's El Mullet.
Hello, El Mullet, how are you my friend? I am doing good, Skye. How about yourself?
I'm good. I'm very happy that lots of people are interacting with the show
tonight. This is making me very happy.
And you were sitting on hold there for quite a while, so I appreciate your patience.
No problem. Somebody beat you to the punch a little earlier. What's new, buddy?
Not much new. Took it to the ITG guy, like I said I was going to do last week.
Ah, yes, I remember this. You were having it out with the ITG guy in your column
over on Inside Pulse.
Yes, I was. Any feedback from that so far?
Well, not direct feedback, except actually one person directly replied to the column on the site
saying that he tried In the Groove and wasn't too impressed. He said it didn't have the thorough polish that DDR had.
You know what? That is my, I think, issue with it too, is that polish isn't there. I think that's a really good term for it.
kind of the same thing I was saying about that Biddy Head song that was in
Cage Match tonight. The polish isn't quite there. I don't know how else to...
There's no other way to put it. But that, yeah, I would agree that that's my
problem with In the Groove 2. Yeah. Is that it feels like a fan mix. It feels
like a bootleg. All that has happened now is one appears in my area so I
can try it for myself so I can develop an opinion on it. Or you win the Come to
Orange Lawns radio contest that will happen. At this rate, we're gonna save our
jelly bellies and that contest will be happening in 2008 so we'll see hopefully
some if I can ever get a boatload of money the first thing I'm gonna do with
it is to fly out and see you guys well now you got a wedding coming up right
yes you got a wedding you got to spend it on the missus first but then I do yes
I do then we're talking like lots of money oh hey this makes me this makes me
think of a topic we were just talking about earlier does your girlfriend or
your fiance? Is she into DDR? She knows I play it. She's not too into it because she
can't play very well. Something's wrong with her leg. She can walk normally, but she's
had some surgeries in the past that she can't necessarily play. I know folks like that and
they just have a hard time playing. Actually, Rice Princess, I don't think she has a problem
saying this. Rice Princess actually doesn't play a whole lot of DDR because she had surgery
on her leg some time ago and it causes her not to be able, I mean she can play it like,
but she can't play it as intensively as most of the addicts do, if you know what I mean.
Right, I mean I tried getting her into it like when we first started going out and nothing
doing so I said, okay, you got your opinion, that's fine. I did get her into Pokemon though.
There you go, see there's got to be a given to, see, but even though she's not into DDR,
it worked, right? Definitely. Definitely. Is there anything that your girlfriend did
that maybe at first you were like, okay, I gotta learn how to like that? Well, nothing
I can think of on the top of my head. It's probably for the best. Keeps you out of trouble
that way. Yeah. Any other stuff going on at Inside Pulps this week we should be aware
of? Um, I think we have something new coming up. Sometime in the future we're going to
have a Shining Force feature pop up. And what is that all about? There's an RPG series of
Shining Force. Cool. Alright, so what else was I going to ask you bud? I was going to
Okay, if you want to post a link to your recent column in the chatroom, go for it.
Yes, sir.
You have our full blessing on that, so, because you give, you're very kind to give us a lot
of shout-outs in your column, so it's only fair.
Something like shamelessly shilling my own site.
Yeah, nothing like it.
That's why people call into this show, really, is to whore out their own projects, honestly,
but that's alright, we don't mind.
Come to my website.
Anything else you want to share?
Any comments on what we talked about in the show?
Actually, I gotta get going real quick, so.
Okay, well that's fair by me. Alright, have a good one, bud. Thanks for calling.
Alright, later. Alright.
You're showing off my fridge? You've been playing over there on the webcam
like crazy, haven't you, DarkSakura? All of a sudden, I saw in the chat room
somebody had posted,
Jamie's hot! Look at that, I see it right there. Jamie is so hot.
says dark night. Alright.
Jamie's selling it on the webcam tonight. Awesome. Alright.
Fine, put my magnets on the cam. Don't
eff up the TV with the magnetic fields and all that stuff. That would make me cry.
Alright.
Let's see. We have the Skype line still open if you guys want to call in. We'll
keep it open a few more minutes for you guys just in case you want to call in
there.
Um, I'm trying to think of what else is going on in the scene right now. There's really-
Oh, Angel, you have a comment? Gettin' up there?
Um, I don't know. Well, actually, it's something that all of us can make fun of,
because- oops. Okay, um,
A.I.M., or A.I.M., came up with a-
Okay, wait, hold this thought because I'm gonna go off on this for a little bit. I know where you're
going. I want to talk about this in detail a little bit.
Okay, never mind. Um, you didn't hear anything. Yeah, uh, raise it from your minds.
This is what we get for not preparing this show in advance, so that's fine.
You've dealt with that for years, you'll continue to love us.
We're going to go to the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Arms Radio.
This is Dark Knight with a shameless plug to get O.L.R. on the East Coast.
Please, kid.
You know, actually, somebody, one of our buddies, it was John Fields, I believe, wanted to do an outside the box East Coast version or something like that,
and I said, eh, what the hell.
Sure, go for it.
I don't know if that project ended up taking off or what, but I guess not, because I haven't heard anything else about it.
OLR East Coast. You know, I'd love it. If it was in the budget of jelly beans and cashews, I would do it, but you know...
And the sun-dried tomatoes.
Sorry, and the sun-dried tomatoes. I can't forget about that. It's a third of the budget.
I think that we add a vote of our budget to add spinach to.
We'll see. You know what? We're going to have to fire somebody to add the spinach.
Sorry, Angel.
We need spinach more than an archive.
Alright, Dark Knight, if we were to come out to the East Coast as Orange Lounge Radio, what would we do?
Where would we be doing our show from, and what kinds of stuff would we report on, do you think?
Let's see, I would probably have y'all in New York, in the middle of nowhere.
Very fine, very fine.
Cover it in the groove.
Oh no, that's it. This project's cancelled.
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I would do a show
live from 8 on the break with my ass planted on the
up arrow of the in the groove machine if we had the money for it.
And Jamie could have her ass planted on the down arrow on the two player side. And Loki,
I don't know about him.
Since I hardly ever get to do this,
Hey, cause you know me and my public urination.
Oh, I think I just started to piss Dane again.
No, no, don't go there buddy, don't go there.
Loki could be on the Para Para machine. That's a little ways down.
And he could be doing his white freestyle on that.
Yeah, but like I said, give OLR money so they can bring him to the east coast.
I like that give OLR money idea.
idea. In fact, people have been telling us we should open up a Paypal thing for the longest
time, a give OLR money thing. We do have the unofficial give OLR money thing. You can Paypal
to nightmare underscore hunter at yahoo dot com. Any amount of money is fine. All that
money will not be going to tsunami relief. But you can, you can give it to me and I,
I might. If the price is right, I might. No, I won't.
Okay. No, no. That is not the give OLR money. That is make Loki's porn collection bigger
fund, okay? That is all you're going to do is make it. Buy porn? Who buys porn?
Send to jamie at orangeboundradio.com your links to your PayPal accounts and passwords.
And the money will be well used to fund my, um, let's go visit everybody.
Yeah, and not go to work.
Yeah, right? The pay our rent. We'll have the Orange Lounge RV.
How about that? Dude, we'd be like the freakin' Partridge Family. That'd be rad.
Maybe we'd get our own cult. If we could wing it. If we had the money
and we could all get like a week off of work, I would pile us all in a van and we'd
drive around the country
for a week. My work only gives leave of absence and increments of 30 days, so hey, that
works for me.
Do I get to come or am I still fired?
It depends if the spinach can come or not.
No.
The spinach would probably be consumed, so I guess you can come.
I like spinach, so, yeah.
What can I say, Dark Knight? I love the idea.
I'd love to do the East Coast and talk about DDR out there, the whole scene out there,
but until we have the money, we rely on you guys to report on the East Coast scene for us.
You can give us money.
It's all good.
What is going on on the East Coast scene right now? What's so freaking great about In the Groove anyway?
Well actually I'm in Richmond so I will never see In the Groove, knock on wood.
What else is going on on the East Coast then?
Nothing much right now. I'm still kind of griping over the fact that we no longer have 2DX.
Aww, what happened?
The machine wasn't taken care of so they basically, the people up there called it a dead weight and got rid of it.
No, that sucks.
I think the last thing they did was put an upgrade in this machine to a V3, and that was it.
the show interesting because Lord knows we're not good at it. Just kidding. We're
gonna go to another break and in this break and let's do some U.S. DDR music.
Why not? And I know if I don't start it off with this song that Jamie will kill
me. Well we can't have that can we? We cannot. So we'll be back after this with
more orange on radio and the F use of the week coming up
It would be a much better sight, with you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you, came along
Let me hide and be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supplies fell through
And they gave me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel joy and made you smile
But now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who had time but you?
Never thought I'd sit around and unravel your love
Leave me alone if I'm not right
And why?
You leave me alone so many days
You're thinking of you so many nights
Leave me alone if I'm not right
Tell me why
Now tell me why
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
Why?
Let me tell you something you don't know
Let me tell you somethin' you don't know Let me tell you somethin' you don't know
Let me tell you something you don't know
Let me tell you something you don't know
Take you deep those secrets I once saw
Take you deep those secrets I once saw
I'm burning down
You know, honestly guys, that is what I absolutely love about this show is that, you know, we're
supposedly about video games and DER and all that nerdy stuff, but man, when Tom Brokaw
says cunt that's funny and we have to talk about it skylines open again a few
of you folks in chat room that requested that we open it back up so fine we're
opening it up for a little window it's open right now so you guys can call in
right now only for a couple minutes though okay then we're gonna go on to
bigger and better things also that you have to be in our chat room to send in
your F use of the week we're gonna get into that segment please though we do
have a lot of folks listening tonight and explicit here which means it's going
to go along anyway so please if you would try to keep your F use of the week
short and we'll get to those in a minute all right we got to call on the
skype line let's go to it hi you're on orange launch radio hello you are on
orange launch radio oh I hear stuff moving around but I don't hear you guys
hello it's static man static it's static man if you can hear us we cannot hear
you make sure your microphone is turned on we got the hang up dough bummer live
radio guys what can you do no phone screw it's not in the budget for a phone
screener either we had to cut that out to make way for the jellybeans so what
can we do all right well we'll try it again a little later we'll try opening
up the skype line again a little later but for now I want to move into another
topic angel you were mentioning this and I cut you off I'm so sorry but please
what's going on angel and I found something that we could actually make
fun of if we wanted to I was talking to sky on aim earlier just chatting it up
and then I saw a little link that was something about you know an AOL instant
messenger game but it had something to do with dancing and I was kind of
intrigued to click on it but then you know I didn't want it because it was
gonna charge me money after a certain amount of songs and whatever but I was
almost tempted just to see how crappy it was gonna be or good or however but you
know if it has to do with aim usually it's crappy right? Well we will see so I
investigated a little bit here and sure enough there is this new game that's
showing up on AOL on the instant messenger in the games portion called
groov-o-matic is the name of this game it's groov-o-matic and I'm actually
downloading it and installing it right now so if you're hearing a couple skips
and things like that I apologize we're just moving in here so let's go ahead
and see if we can't get in this groove-o-matic game now angel you
actually didn't check this out yet all I know is that you get one character and
ten songs for free and then you have to pay after that I believe that's that's
all I know about it but we'll see in about a few minutes if it's any good or
Now, this is a game made by Wild Tangent, which I know AdAware recognizes. This is an
AdBot. So I have just installed an AdBot on my computer for you people. So you better
appreciate this sneak preview of Groove-O-Matic. Okay, so I'm going to go into single-player
mode here, and we're going to go into Groove-O-Matic. I just want to hear what kind of songs this
Groove-O-Matic game has. Let's see here. Oh, yes, it's saying Wild Tangent. This is off
the company that made this game. Groovy little songs there. Oh, we're going full screen.
Let's see. I'm going to do this dance to the beat option. Oh, look at that. You get little
characters. There's a mama on the right side there with big chichis. Her character's got
some chichis there. It's her name's Janet. And now I can. Okay, there's only one song
I can play in this mini version. It's called La Fiesta. You guys ready to see La Fiesta?
All right, yeah, they should be able to hear this. Okay, so I'm gonna play the song. Let's see what happens.
Oh, is this like Busta Move? It's kind of set up like it. Let's see what happens.
Loki, run commentary while I play.
This game is just like Bust-A-Move. This isn't DDR at all. It's what?
it's what this song is really hot by the way okay wait I'm gonna back out okay I
hit escape because there's actually it looks like there's a mode in there that
is something about freestyle like you can play with your own mp3 so I'm gonna
I'm going to do that mode. Let's see if I can do it.
Oh goody, I can.
Let's see if I can find it. What would be a good song to dance to in freestyle mode?
No, we're not going to do Girls.
I want to do something amusing here.
It doesn't want to work. Oh shoot.
Okay, well hopefully I have something in this folder.
I'm already getting really bad glitches here. Okay, there we go, it fixed itself. Let's see, what's the song I can do here? Sorry guys. Okay, here we go. We're going to do this song. Let's see how this works.
p0k3smot42o
kostjamrh And no music!
What the hell? Dude, this is like the guy game but not.
It's not even playing the damn MP3 I told it to play. That's hokey.
Okay, what can we say? That was interesting to say the least.
That was retarded.
But it had Buster Groove and DER stuff in it. That's kind of weird.
That blows.
It stole ideas from two games there. What's that about?
That blows hard.
Alright, well I can't believe we're going to advertise this game that we just did there.
If you want to check this out for yourself, open up AOL Instant Messenger and look on
your games panel because it's right there waiting for you to play.
So have at it people.
And I'm sorry we were not able to put that on the cam.
We'll try to do that next week for you guys because we have to actually load it on a different
computer to do that.
And that would involve putting spyware on Loki's computer.
Alright, thank you, thank you so much for bringing this show down with that crappy game,
Angel.
I knew it was gonna be a crappy game, I just thought it was slightly worth bringing up.
It's not, to that game's credit, it's not as bad as some of the knockoff games I've
seen out there available for download.
What was that one that had all the classical music in MIDI format, it was by like Gamehouse
or something?
It was Tap a Jam, wasn't it?
Tap a Jam.
That game was, oh boy, oh that game was bad.
That was a bad game.
I was thinking it was a retarded Flash Flash Revolution or something like that.
Alright, we are going to go into the FUs of the Week.
It's that time. Are you guys ready?
Jamie, why is it that we have to do the FUs of the Week every single week?
Because we're not going to take it anymore.
A big SU goes of course to the usual traffic, fog, sunny skies that get in my eyes.
I think I had to do it just being sick when I was out in the Bay Area on Friday.
And also a big F.U. to not being able to purchase Twinbee for the Game Boy Advance because Network
had it.
And a big F.U. to Nintendo for giving them better packaging in Japan because the old
releases are really awesome looking.
They come in very tiny versions of the original boxes.
Another FU goes toward time, distance, lack of money, um, school starting next week.
Really, this is not a whole bunch I'm overly angsty about immediately.
Shock?
Uh, yeah, and uh, an FU to uh, not being able to install certain games on my system yet.
And Gravity for being assholes, and Ragnarok Online 2 for not being out yet.
That's it. Oh, and the scale at the damn gym.
Oh dear, alright. Moving on! Loki, your turn.
I'm fucking tired now. Um, nearly a few of the week goes to me for being stupid and making a dumb mistake.
So, yeah. And, um, fuck you to, um, actually to Tahoe Joe's for ruining mashed potatoes.
They single-handedly ruined something that's so simple as mashed potatoes by trying to
put scallions in it. Never ever fucking do that again. It's just nasty, it just tastes
one giant onion is not good so it's a hell of thin and um that's pretty much it i'm done wow
you guys are quick tonight f you to the lack of angst in the room tonight what is up with that
um i don't know i you know what i hate to be on the same page but i really have a lot of the same
if you if you to difficult situations like I just I kind of like there was
like a somebody proposed something to me this is gonna sound dirty but it's not I
sort of got somebody kind of proposed something interesting out there like and
it has to do with my professional career I got an interesting proposal and I'm
really torn I don't know what to do so I'm just gonna kind of put my hand out
there and kind of see what happens see if it's gonna be a good thing but but I
I fear change, fundamentally, and F you to that. F you to that, um, fear, I guess, of change.
Otherwise, I really don't have a lot to be angsty about. Um, F you to myself for not getting, um, not getting a healthy amount of sleep lately, but it's okay.
It's for a good cause.
Jamie, you're giving me concerned slash funny look.
What?
I'm not saying anything.
Fine.
Oh, actually, if I can speak something in.
Sure.
Thank you to my voice for deciding it and doing the work.
try to pass those ones up I don't remember which one I don't remember it
just what's new this week that pissed you off three hours show buddy all right
if you for having a third crack in my fucking window over debris over a
freaking storm again three cracks in a window off in one whole month that a
that fucking bitch. F you for school for starting next week. There goes packing up some of the
books again. F you with everybody trying to make my tournament a joke again with the piss.
It's funny. Come on. It's not a joke. It's just a tournament just like everything else.
It's not the things you take a piss on or whatever.
And FU to people who want to start drama privately and sending their private messages to me privately.
Just cause you don't like somebody in this term does not mean you guys are not gonna get along.
Get over it, wait till the tournament comes in, that's all it is.
If it comes to people begging for the freaking song list for the tournament god damn it
I told you the list is gonna be 16 songs
That is all nothing else. I will not reveal it to the tournament. I said on the rules
deal with this next person who
Next person who mentions this in private will be banned for my tournament
Seriously getting a headache with all these people kind of complain and bitch
about some things that should not be fished about and an FE goes to a stroke
that my grandmother just recently had. It's pretty depressing. I don't really want to say
this in the FEs but yeah, strokes suck. An FE goes from misplanned from
plans being all mixed up on Friday I was supposed to go to I was supposedly
supposed to go to Camp Canada's freestyle meetup but things got mixed
up so I have to go to Reno with a few people so I was planned earlier before the meetup.
And if he goes from the same people who are complaining about the religious
issue over some games or since if or should I say censorship issues just
It's because something that has explicit content or whatever, or they think it's offensive, like a puppet of Maria from Banya think it's too religiously offensive, is a reason why the puppet was removed from the Paradise Island.
You have got to be kidding me.
I shit you not.
Why is that song offensive?
Because it says Ave Maria. I don't see how that...
It means Hail Mary. I don't see how that is offending a Christian group.
It doesn't say Ave Maria set your child on fire.
I mean, come on. They're probably thinking it's blasphemous or something.
Oh my god, you gotta be kidding me. I thought that I left Alabama, what's up with this?
Fuck Christians! I hate the goddamn stupid
super Christians out there that want to convert all the evils in the world.
It's you people that ruin our TV and ruin our radio and music.
Goddamn it, if I want to see boobies flash by accident on TV,
That's my god-given right, and if your children don't happen to catch those boobies, it's time to tell them about life, because guess what?
One day or another they're gonna see them, and that's that.
You know what? If your children catch sight of boobies or happen to hear shit, fuck, damn, no matter what on TV or the radio, it's your fault for not censoring them, okay?
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio are absolutely true.
Do your goddamn job and stop blaming the media for screwing up babysitting your children when it's not their responsibility.
If you're gonna get knocked up and have the kid, you need to take some goddamn responsibility, okay?
You know what's funny though about the religious issue?
I do want to point out, Loki was giving an F.U. to what we coined super-Christians.
Not all Christians, okay? You can be religious and be one with God and all that stuff. That's fine. That's your right as an American, freedom of religion.
But remember, freedom of religion means I'm free to choose my religion as well. Got it? Good.
You know what's funny about the situation? Christians say they want to stand up to themselves, yet they commit a sin.
A sin of wrath, of anger, saying this thing is offensive. They go outrageous to the management and patent-vending themselves.
And now they're doing almost the same thing to DDR because Haizal Fu says the word fuck in it.
And they're trying to get rid of DDR and try to screw my tournament over. If they want to screw my tournament over...
I'm not sure if that was...
Finger on the cam, okay.
Yeah. Obviously.
I actually need to fill in FU.
I feed it to the majority of humanity for being stupid, and for sucking.
And now I have to censor my props for this tournament so these don't go too far, so I can't use my fuck you head, or...
I have to put a... I have to put a white label so it doesn't show fuck you on this.
I can't bring vibrators on the tournament, or the props.
I can't bring barbed wire, I can't bring glass, I can't bring a tit cup that I have
and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. That results in provoking the media.
It's because I don't want to get sued unless I do a counter-loss and people stand up for me.
And let's see. Well, since I don't know which FDs got into last week's show, I just have to say,
to be continued for now
oh good we'll finish this show in three hours after all all right Arkadian your
turn
fuck you this cold is hanging around still
even the potholes have
shown up like in the last month or near my work
every day is just like another fucking pothole on the road
like for all of the places that have wanted to avoid the damn thing
uh... if you're being sick earlier this week seems like that's going around
around here
yeah i don't
and he just was starting on tuesday because i don't want to go but whatever
it's my
educational hit
goals or something
and uh... i don't want to
work tomorrow but i got it anyway
that kind of sucks and uh...
i guess that's it because i can't think of uh...
the fps i was going to think of so whatever
with one notable exception uh... the uh... room here is pretty not
angsty tonight. We're pretty, we have a lack of angst tonight. I'm trying to keep it as a three hour show.
Shut up, exception.
Alright. So let's go and see if our chat room out does us tonight in the angst.
We will have a look here.
Misty says,
F the weather in St. Louis right now. There either needs to be enough snow for
a decent ass snowball war,
or none at all, because I actually want to take driving lessons now.
Dark Night says, okay F you to crazy weather and work, more to come.
And F you to my PS2 about to kick the bucket soon.
Dark Tetsuya says F you to the crappy weather coming back from Washington.
Our flight was delayed due to freezing rain in Seattle.
MPQ says F you to Sonic commercials, not the hedgehog but the burger chain I imagine.
Every time I see their commercials I think, oh man I want that.
But wait, there aren't any around here.
You know what, we have the same problem.
They advertise Sonic all the time in Sacramento, and the nearest one is an hour drive away.
Go figure.
There's a Sonic in Yuba City.
That's the closest one.
Oh.
When I lived in the Bay Area, that's all we got was Sonic commercials, and at least in
the area that I was living in, we didn't even have one, so yeah.
Yeah.
So we hear you there.
Also, F you to my parents insisting on using AOL, even though we have cable internet.
That coming from MPQ.
I'm canceling mine.
Uh, VXJ6V says F you once again to my manager. F you, F you, F you. That's all.
Phoenix says
F you to DarkSakura for booting me.
Haha, only kidding.
It's a damn good thing he put that only kidding thing in there, huh?
No it's not. She's going to work.
F you to the weather getting cold for tomorrow
when I have to march, Meh.
And he also says he apolog- that was him that called in and he apologizes for his
ma- uh, microphone screwing up.
DJ Ron Mez says,
First, F you to myself for not finding my PS2 game and my mem card. Second, F you to
my ex-roommate for flipping me off and threatening me again. That shit will get
you fired. Or have you forgotten that we work for the same company, you redneck?
Jaded2005 says, F you to Mad Catz Pads cause I almost killed myself on one last night.
That's no fun.
TheBigRedPimp, Ohio Bamani says, F you to the lack of a Chinese food restaurant in my
back ass town.
Dork says, one word, girls.
Now I don't know if he means the song or girls in general.
You be the judge.
SSJ100Matt says, FU of the Week, General Grievous slash Derek not holding up his end of the deal.
FU leaving hometown New York City to go back to school in Phoenix.
DarkSakura, oh it's Samir.
Hi DarkSakura!
I sent that on behalf of somebody.
I forgot, you sent that on behalf of a friend.
And it comes from EarthDragononix.
onyx and the f you says I'm trying to decide on a new character so I have a
poll going and someone said give it up fuck him yeah right chance says f you to
the people that go through life believing they deserve something
anything it doesn't matter you don't deserve anything in this life no one
owes you anything and lastly separate 1215 says a big f you to general
Grievous for telling on me. I don't know who this General Grievous person is, but they're
busted. What is that big bassy noise I'm hearing right now? That's weird. That's scary. I heard
like a big bass noise for a minute. Alright. That's funny. Phoenix in chat right now. I
like Sakura. She's spicy. Moving on. We're going to go to a quick break, then we're going
to come back and wrap up the show. Can you believe it's that time already? Got a couple
more things we want to say to you guys though so stay tuned we'll be back after
this featuring a couple songs I want to do Rotel the Mercury so we're gonna do
that song. We'll be back after this. Enjoy!
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because
This real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, about ready to wrap up the show, but you know, I
don't know how many of you guys follow this crap, but apparently none of you guys because
you sat here and you were kind enough to listen to us tonight, but did you know that we were
up against the Golden Globe Awards tonight?
Oh crap, I don't keep up with any of that crap.
I know, I figured as much.
For you guys that might give a shit, here's a rundown, here's what happened.
Best Motion Picture Drama, The Aviator.
Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, Sideways.
Best Performance by an Actor, Drama, Leonardo DiCaprio.
Best Performance by an Actress for a Drama, Hilary Swank.
Best Performance by an Actor, Comedy, Jamie Foxx for Ray.
Best Performance by an Actress, Comedy, was Annette Bening.
Supporting Actor, Clive Owen in Closer, and here you go.
supporting actress the very foxy Natalie Portman in closer you know what I what
you say Jimmy I miss that she's very well educated she is and you know what I
am a big homo but honestly Natalie Portman I'd hit that best director
Clint Eastwood television you guys watch TVs I know you watch this one Loki best
TV series drama nip tuck was the winner best TV series comedy desperate
housewives very interesting and best actor in a comedy Jason Bateman in
Arrested Development best actress Terry Hatcher Desperate Housewives best drama
I was the guy in Deadwood, best actress drama, some chick from Law and Order special victims
unit.
But look, here it is.
This is the one I had to say.
Best performance by an actor in a supporting role in a series, miniseries, or motion picture
made for television.
William Shatner in Boston Legal, aw yeah.
William Shatner, you guys.
guys. You know what I have to say about that? CON! Alright guys, that's about going to wrap
it up for us here tonight. Thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening as always.
Quick plugs, shout outs on Tuesday nights, pump up the volume, listen. Monday night,
yep, Jamie? That's because my show is rad. It is pretty rad. It's better than mediocre,
know it's you know it's it's it's okay I'm just kidding though it's rad you
gotta listen if you want something that's strictly mediocre outside the
boxes on Thursday and it's you know it's better than nothing it's certainly
funnier than Joey so you know tune in anything is funnier than Joey right so
that's that and the light is funnier than Joey uh what else is there there's
There's umm, whatever you're doing.
Well that's Thursdays.
Mondays, Diversion.
Diversion.
And then Fridays over on The Freak.
Wednesdays we have the oldie and moldy orange launch radio reruns.
They're still around.
We've got to get some new episodes up in there so I'll try to shuffle that around.
I know we're going to have new music coming to Bomani Music & More this week.
We've got some of the songs from Fusion, some new 2DX11 songs, some of the secret songs.
I got some copies of those, we're going to put those in there too because there's some
awesome songs in there.
What is the secret song?
There's a new Ryu song and a new Slake song and I like them both.
What's the boss song for 2DX?
God, I don't remember.
I just got called out and I lost big time. Oh well, what can you do?
Let's see. I guess that's it. Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
We'll start it off with explicit. Since you were the tardiest, you have to go first.
Your final thought.
Being late sucks.
There you go. Being the second tardiest, Angel gets her final thought.
Need more game. Oh wait, I have school this week. Shit.
Arcadian, being prompt. Thank you. You get your final thought.
I hope I get broadband soon. Very soon, hopefully.
And Loki, having the least amount of seniority, you get your final thought.
Tomorrow's gonna be fun.
And my final thought is, I'm going to give Jamie her final thought.
Jamie, your final thought.
My final thought is, well, my lap's pretty warm from this laptop.
Alright.
Go outside and do something, people!
Except unless we're broadcasting. The final word of the show I'm going to give to MrQuiet
Arcadian 42, because he's got to say something, dammit. One word to sum it all up.
Leprechauns!
That does it for another episode of
Orange Lounge Radio Live. Orange Lounge Radio Live is an
Orange Lounge Radio production. For more information about our station,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
It's always busy when I try to call
Mouse keeps clickin' till my hand's turnin' blue
You know I'm tryin' to phone ya, but my modem won't go through
Got a research paper due at school
Some dirty pictures would be awfully cool
I'm emailin' grandma, she's a hundred and two
But now I'm sad to inform ya
Granddad's message won't close through
Wanna surf but I can hardly roll
The U.S. Postal Service ain't this slow
I told AOL that I was totally screwed
They said we're sorry we boned ya
But there's nothing we can do
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
All right, guys.
Thank you very much for tuning in tonight and listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
appreciate that. We're going to go back now to our Bomani Music and More program, so please
reconnect to the stream in about 30 seconds. Any last things you've got to say there, Dark
Sakura?
Uh, it's fire.
Loki? Uh, no. I don't have anything. See ya! Don't forget about our podcast, by the way,
because that's, you know, what we're going to go work on right now. So, listen to the
podcast. Thank you guys very much for tuning in. Have a great one, and go back to our Bomani
me some more per room. Whore up our ratings! Rate us a five! Tell everybody you know
