🎵Music🎵
My love is with you, holding hands with your arms I see you, a real new kind of love Remember how a new love was here today
And now December is the time that I will share the summer
Only through the time of love you'll remember
To let me share today
I'll be there, someday I'll remember
I'll be there, it's the end of December
I'll be there, never was a cloud today
I'll be there, someday I'll remember
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
from
the
doing
really
okay
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Uh, moo-tra- uh, moo-caw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live! This is episode number 125 for this January the 2nd of 2005.
You're tuned in to the Bahmani Scene's most happy-go-lucky radio station of all things Baaaaaaahmani.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers. You know her better ass, Dark Sakura.
I have a mouth full of a pelaga.
What?
I have a mouth full of asparagus.
That's not what I heard. It sounded like she was mumbling, like, local street names and stuff from around here.
here all right also in that corner the other co-host the fabulous wonderful
tech master Loki who's waving at you right now because he's not near a
microphone not prepared no I'm kidding he's doing other stuff all right we do
have a bunch of special guests though tonight we always love having special
guests in studio especially some old favorites which we have here tonight yes
I think some of you guys are now designated old favorites, including...
Old, maybe.
Including everybody's favorite
Psycho Forum goddess. Head bitch.
Say hello to Iguana Girl. Uh, hi. Yo, what up?
How you doing? That mic's a little quiet. I was noticing that.
From the gut. You don't want me to go from there.
I'm blasting everybody out. You gotta yell like you're yelling at newbies.
If only you knew.
Alright, also joining us tonight
say hello to Islander. Hello everyone.
How you doing? Oh, good and loud. Absolutely.
I learned my lesson. We have a new microphone. We finally, after about four weeks, replaced
that microphone that was cutting out for our guests,
but it's a little quiet so because we had to play some mic roulette actually
so yeah anyway also say hello to joining us on this show it hasn't been here in
several years yeah it's been a while he grew since the last time I saw him say
hello to jazz hello everybody I know him better as kamikaze though from the final
fantasy universe yay all right say hello to another old favorite and she's so
she's such an old favorite that she's getting moldy say hello to DR angel
well I'm late ah now they would have never known that because you were here
right before your to but you just had to go and spill all the beans and now they
knew you're tired our webcam wasn't even on they couldn't see all right anyway
Can I just start off by saying, I love our chat room.
I love our chat room, www.orangelandsrader.com, click on chat.
I love this. MPQ in chat says, every time I hear the opening I think my mom will
think I'm looking at porn or something,
because you know we have that sexy voice in there. You're listening to Orangelsands, right?
And then somebody else replies here, uh, shade23 says,
well why aren't you?
Great. All right. Well, join in the fun by heading on over to our chat room, or be a loser and just, you know, sit there in the background and just listen to us in the background. No, that's fine.
We understand some of you guys have more important things you might be trying to do right now, like-
Masturbating.
Homework, or-
Masturbating.
Masturbating to pornography. Fair enough. All right.
But we're going to keep the music and talk coming to you guys.
First off, I thought we might be able to do some music from 2DX Red.
Big 2DX game released last year. Now I can say last year, because we're in 2005.
So big 2DX game released last year. We're going to hear some music from 2DX Red.
And when we come back, all that randomness and chatter you've come to expect
your buddies here at Orange Lounge Radio. We'll be back!
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
Thank you so much for watching!
I'll see you in the next video!
Make my head to my head to my head
Be quiet, be quiet, be quiet, be quiet
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except of course the subject that was just under discussion.
discussion okay well what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of
the attack music we play on the station I collect your fucking head just like
this fucker here oh my god why did you do that to Loki the
thing on episode 69 was just a joke now if any of you sons of bitches got
anything else to say now's the fucking time
orange lounge radio where everybody has to say hello everybody and welcome back
to orange lounge radio episode number 125 that's some kind of landmark number
in it $1.25 I don't know maybe maybe not dollar and a quarter I don't know
anyway we're here for your listening pleasure or displeasure as the case may
be www.orangehonestreader.com for all the interaction stuff with the show we
know you guys love to interact with the show whether be via the chat room or via
the skype line which I should sign into at some point but we will have orange
already on the skype line so you can call in later in the show if you want
and all that good stuff just sitting here sitting back talking about music
based video games and, you know, Bamani-type games, and just, you know, really anything
that doesn't suck is fair game here. And even some stuff that does suck. We have a whole
segment dedicated to that. So, we'll get into that a little later. But first, we have to
start off tonight's show. We start off every week's show, 125 episodes, nothing's changed.
How was your week? How was your day? And we're going to start it off with a lovely, dark
Sakura who actually wasn't here last week because you were sick last week, right?
I was. I was actually pretty damn tired last week.
That's too bad to hear. Everything okay? But you seem good now.
But I have sexy jeans.
I haven't taken a look at your sexy jeans here.
I'm not wearing them. They're in the washer.
Oh, okay. Well, we want to see your sexy jeans. This is why we have a webcam.
Half of them are recessive. Actually, a quarter of them are recessive.
How does that work?
jeans are a quarter as fast as everybody's are.
How was your week, how was your day?
My week was, you know, I was getting all pissed off and stressed out at work, and then I went
to a job interview on Wednesday.
The next day I get called and offered the position, the damn next day, so I'm going
I'm going to be changing from the exciting world of student loans going into the exciting world, again, of home mortgages.
I'm going to be working in the escrow department.
Which is something probably I would estimate that 98% of our listeners know nothing about.
I would have to say that 98% of home owners know nothing about.
Considering our average age of the listener would be about, what, 12? I don't know. No, I'm kidding.
I don't know. But, well, more seriously, probably, I think, we've got our high schoolers, then
we have our twenty-somethings. A few of them might know.
Few of them might know. Well, for the people who probably have no
idea what escrow is, at least in the sense that I'm doing, you know, you always hear
closing escrow when you're buying a house. What an actual escrow is, is when you have,
you know, when you pay for your mortgage, your mortgage company has the option of paying
your taxes and insurance with your with your with your house payment so they
will actually set it up to where you have the money in a separate holding
account which is an escrow account to pay your taxes and insurance that's what
I'm going to be doing is making sure that they're managed properly because if
they're not gives people lots of trouble with the government makes people really
poor because trust me when you go to buy a house don't be a retard about it come
talk to me anyway so I'll so make making some changes other changes and as of
tomorrow I am back on the straight and narrow for my big resolution I'm going
to say this on the air tonight oh see last year I lost 50 pounds this year I'm
going to lose another 50 there you're gonna be a toothpick but before long
How long do you keep losing all this weight?
I don't think so. Not the way I'm doing it.
Alright.
I want like the Linda Hamilton Terminator 2 look. I want it to be tough.
Okay.
I want to kick people's ass.
Alright.
And then take out a submachine gun and go blow away. Oh, sorry.
I'm also going to take gun safety classes this year.
Oh no. I remember this was the discussion last January.
Is that Jamie was going to get a gun.
I couldn't afford a gun last year.
Thankfully the discussion went away for a while and now, great, it's back.
Jamie got a gun.
Okay, you know what?
When I go postal, the first place I'm coming is here.
Seriously, though.
Come on, it couldn't resist that one.
Um, I'm gonna, you know, we're talking about getting like, you know, a little crappy.22 rifle, but I'm gonna work up.
Remind me again. What do you need a gun for?
You shoot stuff, duh! Stress relief!
Stress relief, she says. What are you gonna be shooting? You're not gonna be going to golf?
An anime object. You're not gonna be going to golf land, are you?
RVGL children. You have to remember that Roseville Golf Land, for those who have never
been there, one of our local arcades we play at,
it's two stories and not a lot goes on on the second story. Except me with a
sniper rifle.
exactly that's my fear defile my machine I dare you
don't you think it would be quite humorous though if they put like a
silent scope machine up there dude that'd be rad
anyway I was sick on Christmas Day I'm sorry I was sick with like this nasty
fatigue, which actually lasted into Sunday. I got up, I went to breakfast, went to bed.
Got up, went to dinner over at Dan's aunt's house. Then when he was, I said, just take
me home. I'm not going to be able to hang out with your cousins. He's like, let's go
go play DDR at your cousin's house. No. No, Jamie, go bed. I went home. I sat up for about
an hour just, you know, checking my email, settling stuff. My ass was in bed. I was like,
no, I can't deal with it. So, I was asleep for most of Christmas. Well, you know, in
some ways, sometimes it's better that way to be asleep for Christmas. But I did get
nifty presents. I got gift cards. Which means that the day after, I was basically wearing
myself out shopping, but it was fun. It was very fun. I went shopping with Tia and Jessica
and we had a fun time. The day after Christmas is kind of a nightmare shopping day though,
because I remember that I was at Best Buy I think that day and I just, oh my gosh, it
was crazy. The line was going around the block. It was pretty crazy. Just the thing is that
But I didn't have, I mean, basically I was really, really, I shouldn't, by all rights
have been out, but it's the day after freaking Christmas, sales, you know, womanly instinct
is stronger than fatigue sometimes.
And then I had an egg nug frappuccino.
I wish Starbucks would never get rid of those, because they're so good, and I know they're
going to be gone Monday, probably, makes me sad.
I'm actually glad they're gone because they prove to be too much temptation, especially
with the Starbucks.
You know, the one thing that keeps me away from the Starbucks by my present location
of work is the fact that it's right by a freaking Target.
So traffic is enough to keep me away.
I know a lot of people out there are very, very anti-Starbucks.
And for those of you guys that don't have a Starbucks in your neighborhood, just wait.
You'll have one soon.
It's a coffee shop.
For those that didn't know, it's huge.
Mississippi orgy going on. It is law. I'm talking Starbucks, hold on.
Mississippi orgy can wait. It's kind of week and day. Two.
But I just want to say Starbucks, it's not as bad as you people make it out to be.
They have great, some of their coffee is so good. Even if it is a month old.
Yeah, anyway I'm sorry to interrupt. Their coffee means our month old.
At least. But now in Mississippi it's law that if you have
more than three people in the same room, at least of course one has to be of a
different gender and they're not wearing shoes it's an orgy in the state of
Mississippi. You have got to be kidding. I'm not kidding you at all. It is true. So let's
see, Jamie doesn't have shoes on. The guana girl doesn't have shoes on. I don't
have shoes on. Thank God we're not in Mississippi. Sorry people in Mississippi.
But thank God. With all due respect to our friends in Mississippi, thank God
were not you and and you know I actually have room to say this because I've been
in Mississippi I'm from Alabama I have been in Mississippi quite a bit my mom
works in Biloxi I like California um and also as far as the rest of my weekend
have been, it's just been, today has been kind of, yesterday was really just weird for
me. I'd have to say it ended well, it ended very well. That's good. But today has just
been like, ugh, rain, ugh. I noticed you were a little drained yesterday. We were doing
the top 10, 14 show, whatever, 10 or 14, whatever it was, over on DDR Freak Radio, and I think
we were all feeling a little drained after that. Yesterday morning. I think we were just
used to doing these these things on Sunday nights so well I had tried to
stay up doing and see that this is actually I did Bimani stuff this weekend
I played two hours of 8 style and like beat almost everything in light 7
stupid Safari stupid B stupid a stupid Sakura that's not me but anyway I also
though they made me play karaoke revolution and they had kr3 and so I
knew the only way that I'd get to here waiting for you is if I was the one to
sing it so I was like okay well I'll do that and I was like oh that song's cool
who did that and so I got to be all nerdy and say hey that's from silent
hill 4 you should play that but uh today's just been you know yesterday
yesterday though see I was headachy and sick all New Year's night New Year's Eve
and then yesterday morning I was just feeling really just out of it because I
did something really stupid the night before after consuming two bottles of
Guinness in ten minutes and for those of you that were listening about six
months ago when we had our last drunk show was it that one I think it was oh
yeah when I passed out in your bed and then proceeded to eat four waffles that's
I think that was the same show where I was kicking at the wall going I'm in the
matrix, I'm in the matrix. I will buy you some damn waffles, ok? Next Saturday, next
Saturday, I will take you for waffles. Ok, I say this on the air, next Saturday, or at
least a Saturday in the future. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Ok, next Saturday, next Saturday
we'll go get waffles back building no next Saturday we will get waffles
schedule free all right I want to tag along you don't have to buy me waffles
I'll buy my own waffle but okay if we if we're gonna challenge breakfast are we
gonna go to country waffles sure because they got peanut butter banana waffles
they're all them some grubbin waffles let's buy Jesus okay does that for
reason Lucas is a reason because the country waffles place is decorated in
Jesus basically yeah it has a Jesus theme to it you know you've been to
places like this before you some places some well some places have like you know
the jungle theme and some places have the you know the element theme and the
cave theme this place has a Jesus theme I was gonna take you there and then they
Wow anyway but um I was I don't know but I'm just waiting for the Virgin Mary to
to show up in my waffle so I can sell it on eBay because damn you can make a killing on
eBay.
Did you remember that guy that sold the French toast that had the Virgin Mary's likeness
in it?
Wasn't he like 10 years old or something?
Yeah, he had saved it for 10 years and finally was like, time to move on.
Anyway, sorry to keep interrupting you.
That reminds me of, do you remember the old Bloom County comics?
Yeah.
The first Opus ones?
had the one about the woman who had the image of Elvis in mold on her refrigerator and then
later on the crowds dispersed because it turned into Mr. Ed, the mold crew. But anyway, I'm
in a much better mood now than I was, but I was in crap, crap mood all day. So I'm happy
now.
Alright, yay happy.
Look at me grin. And of course the people listening will never ever see this because
I fear...
Webcams.
...the webcam.
fair enough. Alright, let's move on.
Loki! We haven't heard a lot from you yet tonight, how was your week, how was your day?
But little does she realize, we've hidden a hidden camera up above Rob
to capture her, without her knowing- oh, just a second.
You can bite me.
Hot Orange Lounge upskirt cam dot com!
I'm wearing... I'm wearing jeans. Doesn't work.
This is why nobody visits that site.
Yeah, Rob's the one wearing the skirt.
Zoinks!
Anyways, um...
How this week sucked.
That's it.
Didn't do anything.
Um, what'd I do yesterday?
Oh, that's right, nothing.
And, um...
New Year's Eve?
Yeah, that's about it.
Alright, I'll go later, so let's hear from some guests.
Where's the mic getting handed over there? Alright, Jazz! Who, by the way,
won one of our Kiryamoka CDs. Yay!
And if I remember right, one of the rules for the contest was that being here so many times
rendered you ineligible, but you were just under that? Yeah.
I've been here once before. Okay, so now this is your second. What was it, like three times?
It's kind of funny if this would push you over that limit after you've already won the contest, but...
Hee hee hee. Technicalities rule.
Alright. Didn't you end up giving away that CD to one of your friends?
Yes, for Christmas I gave it to my best friend.
And what did she say?
She said, oh my god, a bunch of times.
That was very funny.
Aww, how cute.
Aww, I'm glad she enjoyed it. Alright.
Alright. Well, for my week, I basically just came up to Sacramento on Friday night for New Year's Eve.
that was fun because we all played Mario Party and that was fun because me and
Rob were princesses and every time we got team together we would kick ass you
don't understand you don't understand there's a rule about when Rob plays
Mario Party I have to be Princess Peach or I throw a fit like a little baby okay
so I took daisy because Robert took peach and I got mad anyway after New
years I slept for a little bit then I woke up and then I came here for the top
14 show and that was fun and then we went back to Jessica's place and we all
slept together no oh actually we played rumble roses a lot and that was sorry
no don't be sorry that's a great game it's hilarious rumble roses is pretty
The story mode is just hilarious for that game and so today I went to RVGL for the first time in, like, ever.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Actually, it wasn't too bad.
It's not as bad as like it was about a year ago. If you'd gone about a year ago, it would have been like, oh boy.
But now, you know, it's improving. Did you say hello to the new 2DX machine that has no monitor?
Yes.
Oh, okay. Just curious.
Let's see, uh, basically I just played Tekken 5 all day, and that was fun, because I finally
have a card, even though it costs $5, but I don't care, because it's a good game, it's
good, dammit.
$5?
It's $5 for a card.
Dude, I got one in Alabama for one.
Is it gold-plated or something?
No.
It's like a credit card.
I'll show you mine in a moment, you can put it on the cam.
I went to an Amco arcade, though, they had Tekken 5, like, forever, and no one was playing
So I was like, shoot, I paid $10 worth of Tekken 5, $1 if it was my card.
The chick related to Jun.
Asuka?
Asuka, yeah.
Same person as you.
Just because Jun's moves are not fun anymore.
I'm kind of a Tekken retard, so explain something to me.
What exactly is the difference between Tekken 4 and Tekken 5, besides the card thing?
Tekken 4 was dumb and Tekken 5 isn't.
I like Tekken 4.
I liked Tekken 4 a whole bunch.
Tekken 4 was basically, to me, it seemed like Tekken was trying to be like DOA, and it did
not work at all for me.
And Tekken 5 is a lot more like Tag, which I loved, so it worked a lot for better.
I didn't care for Tag, but I do like Tekken 5 just because I was a Jun player in Tekken
2.
Wait, it's...
And that's why I played Jin, because I was also a Kazuya player.
Yeah.
And he was like the best.
Who's the guy without the shirt that all the girls swoon over?
Jin.
Jin.
Then again, there's also Pho Rong.
But he was the Korean guy with the red hair.
No, I'm not talking about Hora, I'm talking about you guys.
Okay. Is Jin in Tekken 5?
Yes.
Okay.
And he's still hot.
Okay. That was my next question. Thank you.
And that was about it.
Alrighty. Let's move on to Islander. How was your week? How was your day?
Uh, week was actually pretty good. Pretty good. Just spent all, work was so damn slow that I just spent my entire day trying to find stuff to do.
It was to the point where we were cutting papers for screw or like for just for scratch paper
And I must spend about a day doing that just out of shear borgen. It was horrible
Were you making little crafts out of them too? No, you know, it's really funny
One of our roommates downloaded
He actually printed up some hit some papers on how to make
Origami rhinos and left them at work and I was half-concerting actually making some but didn't get around to doing it
But, anyways, um, other than that, you know, spent New Year's, um, you know, I didn't have
as many jello shots as I should have, because we still have a refrigerator full of them.
Maybe I should bring them here sometime.
They last a while.
Well, yeah, I mean, and we have a ton.
Unbelievable.
Anyway.
Those are some yummy jello shots, though, especially considering that they were low-carb
jello shots.
Absolutely.
When you consider the vodka and jello, no carbs, or at least the type of jello, yes.
It's lovely.
Oh, absolutely.
Good stuff.
But yeah, like, you know, Jazz and I played a lot of Rumble Roses.
When I went to Roseville today, he played second five, I played DLC, like I always do,
because DLC is my crack.
Is it just me, or is there now starting to become like a little Roseville Golf Land following
for Derby Owners Club?
No, there is, there is.
I was actually playing and there was this one guy
And there are people I've never seen before
There was one guy who was playing and he had some pretty good horses
and whenever he saw mine pop up
I could always hear a sigh from the back, it's like, ah damn, I don't want to be in for it
and I could not beat this fucker
I could not beat him
When we finally left, he actually turned around and said, hey man, you're pretty good
and I was like, wow, okay
Interesting, but yeah, there is a little following there and I hope it really takes off
In the beginning, though, if I remember right, half the following was just Milpitas people driving up to see their machine.
You know, in the end, the people calling in saying, hey, we want our machine back.
Oh, whatever happened with that?
How does it feel to want it?
You know what, though? That does kind of suck, if you're in that area, Milpitas area, and to have a machine like that.
They can go to Demon Busters, screw all of them.
Oh, that's true, that's true.
Poop, poop, poop.
True, true, true.
They can pay twice as much money.
I did that for a long time. Blah.
Well okay then.
About RVGL though, there was one very odd
thing that I saw. I was playing Drumania, sucking like usual
because I don't play Drumania, and there's this guy next to me.
It was obvious to me that he's kind of mentally handicapped in
some way, but then he went up to the Guitar Freaks
Tarfreak's screen and either licked it or sniffed it. And I was just mortified beyond
all belief. Maybe he didn't understand how to play the game. He was like sniffing Tran
or something. I was like, what the hell is going on? And yeah, that was a little scary
so I ran away. I can smell your cunt from here! Oh no you didn't!
Rob is red, this is funny. I think what made that so funny is because
I was really out of nowhere. I mean, just, not only was it out of nowhere, but it was
obscure that I think maybe two of our listeners got it. Anyway sorry. Rob, you forgot one
more reason why it was funny. Well, that makes me want to crawl under the table because I
know what's coming next. Well, he hasn't had proper warning about that. I'll let him live
this time. Alright, well since you got a mic Iguana girl, let's talk about your week and
your day, which was hopefully C-bomb free. It was until now, bitch. Hey, that's what
we're here to do, to fulfill your naughty words quotient of the week. It's what I get
for missing Rocky all this time. I have to get it someplace. The week was relatively
calm. Like Jamie was saying, we did the whole big massive shopping trip on Sunday, which
is pretty cool because I have really, really, really, really, really needed new clothing.
I've been shrinking out of everything that I own and it's very difficult to find new
clothes that are at a decent price for big people.
But best new reason to buy new clothes though.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So I took my $200 and got a bunch of new bras and all that.
La, la, la, la, la.
Hey, those suckers cost a lot, buddy. I paid 52 bucks for four bras and that was on sale.
See, you know what? Walmart,
five bucks for a three-pack undies. It's hard to find.
Okay, let me put it this way. It's hard to find
bras this big for cheap prices.
Alright, alright. It's like, you know, it truly is an over-the-shelf brothel herder.
Did you hear that, boys? Big bras. You know what that means.
But, uh, we ended up going over to Old Navy and found my jackpot.
I managed to get four shirts and two pairs of pants for $100, and I was all super happy
because I told myself I wouldn't get anything over a certain size, and I didn't, so yay!
But, uh, that's about it.
My week was pretty boring.
I fell asleep a lot.
of the holidays are for though? Yeah. I was really tired and I pulled a butt
muscle. Now how did you pull a butt muscle? I was at the gym on Friday doing
my fit track appointment with Jamie's and my mutual trainer and I was doing
some sort of chest press and as I stood up to move to another machine my butt
muscle just went tweak and suddenly my butt muscle hurt like hell. So my butt
muscles hurt ever since, kind of on and off. My butt's sore. I think I need one of those
little butt pillows. Something you can strap to your bottom. Something like that. Oh my
gosh, I'm so glad half our studio isn't wired up right now. Okay. That's about it. I won't
I won't hurt you with more butt muscle stuff.
That's alright. That's what they tune in for.
And my socks are in the dryer.
Because my feet were wet.
This show, honestly, it's about Bamani, and it's about Iguana Girl's butt. That's it.
Oh yeah, and I did that show yesterday.
Oh yeah, the show. The show was good. We'll talk about the show a little bit.
We don't want to recap the whole show because I assume that it's going to be played again later.
but uh... you know we'll talk about the show
already made my age joke for the week
angel how was your week how was your day
uh... pretty good i spent the holidays uh... up in the bay
uh... with my folks
and
it was pretty good except for the fact that
uh...
i had internet on tuesday the day that i arrived there by wednesday i didn't have
internet
until
christmas day
which didn't really matter anyway because
i ended up being sick from
christmas day till
the tuesday
that i had or not the tuesday i had to leave but you know the last day i was supposed to
be at my folks so
that kind of sucks
i didn't have internet and then i got sick
it was basically like a stress panic type deal
cause it was like the first time
i had been back
uh... to my parents house since uh... i moved out so i don't know why
it happened but i guess stress is kind of
known to do that i guess and
but christmas is good got some dvd's i wanted
and uh... all that
so i was happy about that
and new years was spent
or new years eve rather
was spent just
watching the tv until the fireworks went off and then
the news station was kinda cool cuz
you know four sets of fireworks going off at the same time so that was pretty
interesting to watch
and then i had a bloody mary for the first time
yay angel drank oh my god
actually no i cheated cuz i only had a third of that and then like a third of
a glass of champagne and then i was just like duh
and i still don't like champagne
there's that
and then
I've been bad because I've been on a certain game for the past, let's see, wait, probably
since Wednesday.
Not as bad as the other two in here.
Wait, I've been on the valve.
Yeah well.
I'm going to check my plans today.
Uh oh.
Jazz!
Um, yeah, so, yeah, I've been playing that just a little too much, but it's okay, because
It took me four months to get to that point, so you know what, just yay, alright?
That's it.
I'd just like to point out for the record that I have not been quite the addict, because
I remember, I did sign on to Final Fantasy XI for a little bit this morning, and I got
a message from DDR Angel, and suddenly I noticed, I'm like, dang, that girl's gained six levels
since yesterday, how much has she been playing?
Um, lots of PL, that's all I have to say.
Alright, anyway.
So, my week and my day, yeah, okay, a little bit of Final Fantasy XI, but not too bad.
I did go out and do some stuff. I went to Iguana Girls New Year's Eve, bashed a little
gathering of people there, and I learned how to play Texas Hold'em by watching celebrity
poker, which I hadn't done before. But I love Kathy Griffin, oh my god, I love her, and
even though she annoys the hell out of most people, I think she's so funny, and she was
on the show, and she was the first person booted out that particular episode. Sorry
Sorry to ruin it for you.
She was the first person booted out that particular episode, but it was a good watch, and I learned
how to play Texas Hold'em.
So next time you guys have a poker night, it's on.
It's on.
Let's see, outside of that, New Year's Day, one of my buddies had his birthday, and he
lives out in the middle of nowhere, California, basically.
He lives about an hour's drive from here, and once you get about an hour out of Sacramento,
this is why they call it Cowtown, okay?
Unless you're going the hour towards the bay, that's about it.
The other hours all around it is nothingness and there's really...
It looked like the town out of Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, kinda.
But it was cool.
No, it was cool.
We had a good time.
And that was pretty much it.
In Bimani-related news, gasp, gasp, in my life, for the past few days I have been playing
workout mode in UltraMix 2, which I've actually been finding quite a lot of fun and I've been
been playing for at least 20 minutes every day. Getting a little bit of exercise, trying
to get some of my stamina back, because I figure if I play 20 minutes every day for
a couple weeks, I'll be able to pass Katas back to back again, without having to stop.
Which is how it's been lately. So, we'll see what happens. Other than that, that's pretty
much it. Not a whole lot else for me to report that I can think of off the top of my head.
I don't think so. Maybe later, so we go through the rest of the show. Alright, in fact, we're
We're going to go to a break here, and when we come back from the break, we're going to
talk about some new years news, and I want to talk about that other new music game that
I finally have to take a look at today, even though it's been out for like three months.
So we'll talk about that a little bit, and that'll be it when we come back.
This break we're going to have some music.
Some things that Jamie was saying there kind of inspired me a little bit, so I thought
I thought we could do a break of music that makes Jamie angry.
That makes me angry?
Yes.
Starting with the...
Well, is it all voluntary?
No.
No.
It's going to be the Safari to start it off.
I like the...
As long as you don't play the fast, crappy one.
I actually like the song, but it pisses me off to play.
Exactly.
These are going to be songs that piss Jamie off to play.
Although I did manage to stay about a 50% on it.
Alright.
Well, there you go.
Alright, here we go.
We'll be back after this.
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join
us on all the fun together.
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great?
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Hello and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, our old buddy Mel there. I don't know when he's coming back for the show.
That was at one of our very early shows.
That, I believe, Mel came out for Episode 6, which was a long time ago.
Back when I was still using the headset.
Oh gosh, oh yes.
That I acquired from Memories.
We need to have an official nostalgia segment of the show, I think, because it comes up every week.
Remember back when Orange Lounge was cool?
Hey, we're always cool.
I know, I'm just playing around.
Let's see, what's going on this week? We had the big show we were doing here yesterday
over on, you know, that other radio station, DDR Freak Radio, which is, no, it's fun, it
was a good time, it's always fun to partner up with another station, kind of put your
resources together to do something fun, and it was pretty cool to be a part of the first
live show that DDR Freak had really done. Was it their, the first live show?
There was a very, very brief, like 15 minute thing that I did that was just me being incredibly
bored and experimental, and I did the whole radio DJ bit for a whopping season.
You're listening to DDR music at the top of the hour?
Exactly.
Okay.
Exactly.
So I consider yesterday being the first DDR Freak Live special.
The first horror show, basically.
the one you got to whore out to the masses to get people to tune in.
Because you know, I've done all of the other crap with the history of DDR and, you know, it's cool and all, but I want, you know, interaction.
I want to be able to get the people involved and that's, you know, whenever we get the people involved, that's when we get the numbers.
Absolutely, absolutely. So that was going on and a very interesting list. It was a top 14. It was originally going to be a top 10.
Yeah, because not enough people got their butts out there and voted.
To their credit, though, it was only a day, but still, more people could have done their
part.
But it's alright, it happens.
It's the holidays, I guess.
So it ended up, because of all the ties, there was a top 14 list they came up with.
Now, we don't want to ruin it.
A lot of you guys probably already figured it out for yourselves, maybe, if you know
how to do that.
Or some of you guys may have tuned in.
But there are going to be replays coming up soon and those will be announced over on DDR
Freak Radio.
For you dial-up users, because I don't think it's going to show up on DDR Freak Lowband,
right?
No.
No.
Lowband is pretty much dying out.
It will probably be disbanded after the year is up.
Very few dial-up users anymore, though.
Very, very few.
Very few.
We don't have plans to ditch the dial-up friendly stream anytime soon just because of the fact
that since we're MP3 Pro, we can stay a pretty good quality.
And again, if you guys don't know what MP3 Pro is, and we're not sounding like FM quality
to you, then you're missing the MP3 Pro codec.
And if you want to just get more information on that, go to www.orangeonsready.com and
click on the FAQ, and that'll give you all the information on the MP3 Pro codec.
And if, like, if you're listening to us in your iTunes player right now, iTunes does
not have MP3 Pro codec.
So there's actually a much clearer version of the stream available.
All the information's over there.
Check it out.
But again, you don't have to do it.
just, you know, make things a little clearer. But I think for the foreseeable future we're
going to stay dial-up friendly, because I know we still have a few of those. Very few,
but a few. And I want to say that the DDR Freak Top 10 Countdown we will broadcast for
our dial-up users, and for those that want to catch it, one time, and that's Tuesday
night, as part of Pump Up The Volume. So you have to tune into Jamie's show, because she'll
play the Top 10 show as part of her show.
And if you don't, I'll kick your butt.
Exactly. Same rule as always, tune in or she'll kick your butt.
What did you think of the list that ended up though? Were you kind of surprised with it?
I'm not incredibly surprised. I'm surprised at how many songs from how many different mixes
got in there, which, you know, pleasant surprise on that front, but I'm really going to fucking
kill Dawn. I'm killing frequency, that's all there is to it.
Okay. Um, Dynamite Rave should not have been in that list
at all, thank you very much.
And let alone people voting for Dynamite Rave.
Good God. That's true, because not only did it have to get nominated, but it had to get voted on.
But, we're not stupid. We know that folks have their little cliques out there,
because, you know, hell, I had my friends voting for Skulk. I mean, what can you...
Yeah, but there were other people voting for Skull too, so that's why it made it in there.
But, you know, overall, I was pretty pleased to see some of the stuff that ended up on the list.
You know, I'm glad, I was very happy to see a lot of 2DX representation.
A lot of 2DX representation. My biggest surprise was the fact that I think on the whole list there was only two songs that were actually new in 2004.
I think, off the top of my head. Maybe
there's another couple... Not enough love for the US original stuff.
No, and that kind of surprised me, because I thought... I realize that some people have
issues with the US mixes and the way that they've been presented.
For example, Xtreme, people bitch about the interface, although...
They bitch about everything. Seriously, they bitch about everything, but the biggest bitch being the
interface, although,
you know, it's not that bad. But most people are okay with the songs.
You know, I hear a few bitches here and they're like,
Ehh, why is YMCA in there? That song's gay.
But usually, people seem to enjoy the U.S. exclusive songs, especially Max 2.
I think nobody can really complain about Max 2.
It was great music.
Yeah, it was.
All of the Max 2 stuff, even some of the Max stuff, it was just great.
But, oh well.
Yeah, don't go there.
He was making reference to a deep black forest.
Hey, I like dark black forest
See, I don't even know what it's called because all I can call it
See now I have to explain the story good in the beginning where he says into the dark black forest or whatever it is
All right. I'm afraid it's where we going. It sounds like the start of a porno
So I always hear big black cock
You know what's funny? I think that was a running gag on this show for a while, too.
It was, thanks to, um, Darkstown.
That was Darkstown. Hold on, hold on, let me, for those who don't know what the hell Iguana Girl's talking about, here is a little clip, okay?
It's a long way to go, honey.
I know, but I'm afraid. Where are we going?
into the dark black forest.
Alright, you need to get it. It just sounds like the start of a porno, I don't know.
Maybe it should be, I don't know. I'm afraid, where are we going? Shut up and take your clothes off, bitch!
I'm paid to cash up front, now take it off!
Well...
And Dark Black Forest could be a euphemism for something if you think about it.
You know what? We don't need to go there.
Someone who isn't very well kept.
We've had the C-bomb once.
Hey, I...
Both boys and girls can have this issue, okay?
Shaved ears, please.
We're Europeans.
Anyway, wow. Leave it to this show to go straight to the toilet.
Thankfully that song was not on the countdown.
Yeah, because heaven forbid that subject came up yesterday.
So, I guess I have to, this would be a good time to ask this question because
you know, DDR Freak, although I don't like to just sit here and talk about DDR Freak.
Neither do I.
So let's face it though, hon, it's a big part of the community and anybody that listens
to this show knows what DDR Freak is, they may not post everything.
So DDR Freak is kind of family friendly, right, and a lot of people get frustrated because
they can't type shit and fuck, it gets censored, although some of the censored stuff is really
funny.
I personally like doggy, that's just me.
I like...
I like poopy.
I like cigarette.
best was, before when they first tried to start it, ass turned into butt. So someone
would try to type Massachusetts and type M-A-S-S and it turned into M-butt.
Now it's just buttocks. So, M-buttocks-chucets? I don't know. Anyway,
so is there a lot of youngins on DER Freak or is this, you just want to keep a G rating
We're trying to keep it as G-rated as possible just for the overall audience.
We get quite a few mentions on all of the different mixes that are coming out.
And one of the first places that people are going to go when they look up DDR is going to be DDR Freaks.
So we have to kind of try to keep that family-friendly vibe going so that somebody's 13-year-old kid
is going to be coming on there and their parents are going,
going oh my god is that the word fuck on your screen you know and freaking out or
something obviously there's ways around the filters and if you know if you're
smart enough you can kind of just ask anybody ask any of the ops in our chat
room they know how to do it quote somebody's post you know be able to see
it oh wait I give away a secret oh but yeah we we don't really we don't really
I actually... I openly advertise that.
See, I...
Well, that's okay. Nobody listens to this show.
I feel kind of bad because I dropped the F-bomb on yesterday's show.
Kind of forgetting that whole family-friendly vibe.
You know, honestly...
At least I didn't say what Loki said earlier.
I'm not too concerned about it.
It's no big deal.
I was the one sitting there making AIDS jokes, so...
If there's nothing, you know, less family-friendly, less family-friendly than the internet.
Or politically correct, really.
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
All right.
I just had to ask about the, you know, family thing, because I think, I think some people
out there...
Okay, even, here's the catch-22 that we have.
We have specifically, when you sign up for the site, when you sign up for the forums,
it asks you, it says, I am over the age of 13, and you cannot agree to that unless you're
over the age of 13, or you're lying. So unfortunately we do have, you know, 11-year-olds, 12-year-olds.
I was going to say, how old is the youngest poster though? Because I...
We've got like, you know, we've got like DDRbot. Yeah, wow. And isn't DDRbot like 10 or something?
I think so, I think so. Yeah. So the youngest I think is probably around 9 or 10. And it's
not, we usually don't cause problems about it unless they're causing issues. And it's
just a matter of maturity, typically. So I've met a lot of 16-year-olds that were less
mature than the 9-year-olds. Yeah, me too. And I've dropped the f-bomb quite a lot on
DDR Freak on the boards, but you know, you just... They're gonna learn it sometimes.
It's the way you say it. Yeah. Sometimes it's not what you're saying, it's the way you say
it, you know? And I can say, because I am an instructor of customer service, and I can
tell you kids, if you ever go out and get a customer service job, your instructor's
going to tell you the same thing.
Respond.
Don't react.
Exactly.
It's not about what you say.
What you say is only 10% of how the information is perceived.
And by the way, 35% of statistics are made up on the spot.
But...
I thought it was 43.
Whatever.
But it's how you say it, kids.
You know, I really don't give a crap about your problem, but let's tell you what we can
do to just BS our way through it.
Exactly.
When Darksecker said that it had a nice, friendly atmosphere to it, you know?
Who's been doing customer service for too damn long?
As I raise my hand?
Ironic enough, I just went through a stupid class in school doing that exact same shit.
Oh my god, I hated it.
All that just for one stinking little piece of paper.
Well, that piece of stinking paper is going to turn into a big wad of cash someday.
Just got to remember that.
We'll see.
I'll take the spotlight off of Drill DDR Freak for right now.
But speaking of DDR Freak, for whatever reason, despite the kid-friendly and family-friendly
atmosphere, they do rebroadcast this very show, Friday nights at 6 o'clock.
So tune into that, definitely.
I'm sure with the hefty disclaimer.
Just the standard disclaimers that...
We have a disclaimer right in the intro to the show.
does say there may be a scene of nudity in this program and there may be this
this program contains naughty language well shit so it's not my fault if you
tuned in halfway through you should have been here on time it's not like I
started it a different time every single that's right that's right we're here
whether you are or not and believe me we've done this show when nobody was
here all right but anyway I actually speaking of nobody being here I happen
to know that a lot of folks weren't here for last week's show I know because I
got the ratings okay people so this Friday on DDR freak great chance for you
guys to catch that episode if you missed it so Friday six o'clock all I'm gonna
say I don't want to ruin what went on but we had our own DDR freak the movie
parody thing going on priceless you got to hear it man that's a subject that
hasn't been heard of for years oh we just took that subject and ran away with
it though I know I know that that it's an it's old news but somehow it got
brought up last week and we just ran away with it on a random side note that
I just remembered again Rob yes we've been playing DDR for four years now
that's true oh my gosh this is our official four year anniversary of DDR
Yeah, actually last Sunday. Not today, but the first day we went to play DDR was sometime between Christmas and New Year's.
I played for the first time, well not for the first first time, but, you know, for first regular. Like our first regular session was.
Yeah, that was on the 26th. A little known fact, Iguana Girl and I played our first game, well actually no, most people that listen to this show know that now, because I know it's not the first time it's come up, but we played our first game of DDR together in Vegas.
October 2000. October 2000 and then we didn't play regularly until
one of us spotted the machine at golf. Was it me? You did it, you saw it, you played it,
and then I was jealous because I couldn't play it until the day after Christmas.
That's right. You know what, I remember now.
My memory is being jogged. I went down there because... You went there on Christmas Eve.
I went there to go play pinball or something. Yeah. So I was all pissed off because you had two more days than me.
me and that's what I kept it you know the reason why you were so much better
yes and amazingly amazingly enough suddenly I was passing nine-footers on
the third day and just left a guana girl in the dust go figure out not quite not
quite boys and girls it took me a long time to pass a knife long time has
nine-footer I remember a certain expedition to a certain golf land and a
certain Milpitas and the islander machine I remember the first time I met
Islander was at Fana made 2001 when I was cosplaying Emmy no it was before
that but I mean the first February February right right because of the
Milpitas trip right but does the second time then was at Fana me yeah and I was
sort of a little standoffish because of the shirt he was wearing a flip shirt
It was something to wear. It was just something I didn't have. At the time I was collecting just random shirts.
Look boys and girls, what you don't know is he went home later and changed the oil with it, okay?
I also remember that that's when I met a bunch of people in the community was at that particular convention.
That was a great convention. It really was.
was I remember sitting on the floor after two days of sleep deprivation and
then Wendell sits next to me after two days of drinking actually he was drunk I
was sleep deprived so we were both in about the same frame of mind and going
having an interesting conversation and then he fell asleep I was actually in
the arcade room and I fell asleep on the chair that was right next to the DDR
machine oh yeah absolutely and so like I was sitting there and people were
walking up and they're like looking at me going oh man this guy's not doing his
job and I'm like what my first eat my first EDR machine that was the year
before that on a May Expo 2000 they had the third mix there and I was like why
are the arrows cap colors because I started playing with the first one on
PlayStation 98 and then I the only one I had ever owned was my second mix on
Dreamcast. The first mix Jess and I ever played was a 1-5 right? I remember playing
Butterfly. Yeah we played Butterfly and we played Boom Boom Dollar. Yeah I remember
that but it didn't phase me when we when we moved up to USA because like that was
the next machine we'd played so I it never occurred to me that oh the first
time we played this didn't look all pretty like this you know just I all I
The first thing I noticed was, wow, there's so many songs in this, which is ironic considering
it was DDR USA mix, and I'm sitting there going, oh my god, this has a ton of songs.
What's this Boyz song?
This song's great.
Oh god, you heard that out.
Oh my god, you heard that out.
I was so tired of hearing that song.
I hoard Boyz by Smile DK on DDR USA.
And it pissed me off because when we were first starting out, it was hard for me.
I was having a hard time doing that on basic, you know?
It's like, it's kind of frustrating, you know, thinking back on it,
but yeah, I was pissed off at the fact that you kept doing boys
because I was like, you're going to kill me!
But I love Boys, the song.
Yeah, sure, the song.
But then again, I forced you through 20 November about 5 billion times, too.
I remember 20 November-a-thons, yes I do.
Yeah. Good times.
And our massive attempts at trying to take on the board, the high score board, because
back then, that was when Konami was doing their net ranking, right?
And back then, you could score the same on a basic song as you could on a maniac song.
it was it was something like that no I think it was 45 I think what it was
million is that you honestly there weren't that many people playing DDR yet
yeah so there wasn't that many people on the scoreboards and we were kind of like
wow if we could full combo that's it it didn't have to anything to do with
perfect grace or anything your score was full combo if you could full combo your
way through a bunch of songs you would be in good shape a couple times that I
had to do EOTC five times in a row I remember that we were trying to rank
Like, didn't we end up in the top twenty or something?
We were in the top five.
What? Were we really?
We were in the top five.
Were we?
Well, not-
No, I thought you meant overall in the U.S.
Yeah, no, no, no. I'm talking on just the machine.
Oh yeah, I remember the machine we ended up in the top five.
Yeah.
Because I remember on doubles, uh, Dark Sakura,
and this is when we first really were getting to know each other,
Dark Sakura and I had a friendly little competition going
where her and I were kind of battling each other on the doubles board.
We had the sandwich.
Yes, we had the sandwich for a while.
for a while. Who was it? Uh, Lanky Style. Lanky Style. No, it was Brad Sandwich. I worked
my ass off to get first place on that damn machine. I remember. Jamie was the buns, because
she was first and last. I was first and last. And Brad, Lanky Style, on Thursday Night's
Program, was the meat, because he was in the middle, he was third, and I was the fruit,
second and fourth. You know how I got first place? How? I ended up getting first place
by doing Dynamite Rave doubles, basic, and full convo-ing it.
Oh I see, you were one of those ones that hoarded Dynamite Rave in the beginning.
I was one of the ones that hoarded Dynamite Rave, but then again, I was very proud because
Dynamite Rave was the first 5 footer I could do in doubles.
That's alright, you know what song I used to do it?
Love to me.
Oooooooh.
Alright, Nostalgia City, remember when all the cool kids were doing that?
I was never a cool kid.
You never did that? Not even once? I'm too fat to do that.
I'm serious. I would have fallen over if I tried to do that. I seem to remember that you did some
kind of white girl freestyle. Yeah, I was doing a white girl freestyle that didn't require me to
actually have to hit the pad with my hands.
I mean, I... well, alright. When you get down there, it's hard to bring yourself back up.
It's hard to bring yourself back up, yeah. It's one thing to fall. And you gotta keep in mind that
when I first started I was 270.
So it took me quite a long time to lose my initial 30 pounds, and that, you know, unfortunately
I gained more than that back.
But I've lost it again, so it doesn't matter.
We're clean slate now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
But for those of you guys that weren't, you know, you've only been playing DDR since like
fourth, max, whatever, and you kind of missed out on those USA days, if you want to see
what we're talking about, go to DDR Freak, look at the step chart for Love to Me Basic,
you'll see several portions of the song left right jump right you have left
right jumps and then down up in quarter notes right so the jump on left right
uh-huh and then hand backward hand plant backwards and then go forwards are you
are you demonstrating on cam even though it's only updates every 30 seconds
that's right I have a girl demonstrate in super slow
motion for these guys on cam. Hopefully we'll see something on cam. Sometimes I wish we
were a TV show, I really do. So that we could get booed by the Nilsons? Please, our ratings
couldn't be any worse than g4 tech TV come on oh my god when you're when
you're getting beat by the Golf Channel okay something's wrong you know tech TV
came up a conversation over lunch today how so the Soul Caliber dates Soul
Caliber dates they Dan was telling me about something they had on tech TV
where they had someone going on a blind date with Cervantes from Soul Caliber
What are you going to have for dinner?
I WANT YOUR SOUL!
We never had tech TV, it was G4 and then G4 basically assimilated tech TV.
This was G4 tech TV.
I didn't see it.
Alright, well you know what, if any G4 tech TV people are listening, as much as we give
you guys shit, we would sell our souls to you in a minute, so uh, call me.
Moving on.
I think now's a good time.
On that note, let's go to a break.
Alright, when we come back from break, I know Loki is dying over there to give a sim update.
We still want to talk about that other game, and we also want to get to the cage match.
We gotta do the cage match.
It's just not Orange on the Radio show without the cage match.
And for those of you guys that missed last week, you missed a real shocker in the cage
match.
And we'll explain what's going on there when we come back from this break.
And I figured maybe in this break, we could do some music that would remind us of the
good old days. So, let's start it off with... I'm looking, I'm looking to see if I can find
it. I think it's this one. We'll be right back after this, boys and girls. And everybody,
when you hear this song, practice. Get up off your chair and practice the move that
Islander was just showing you will be back
I need you more, never lose your way Only in my dreams, when I see you, they say
I'll come back to me If you see that you love me, look, I'm talking
You give me a helping, all I can say I love what you're feeling, I love what you're dreaming
No one can bring me on to where I am
You've been young, baby, so close, yeah, close, yeah
So many, so many, who's here, who's here
Leave me on the high street, high street, high street
Let me be
So far out, I've been reduced to hope before you wade away
I need you now, metal is the way
Only in my dreams, when I see you looking, they all come back to me
This is so clear, so many good ears
We must go home dear, careful just to see ya
See you on my side, see the cow hide
Don't want to wait for the baby, watch the river
Dreamin', dreamin', groovin'
If you know what I mean, it's spookin' on the scene, alright
Make them come in, take the winin', make them movin' up with the Dancer King
What are they gonna do, what are they thinkin'?
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip on skank
Grind a yo's and up in the vine
To top around if your body have size
Now we have the size and shape and stamina
To make the party cool, the bubble and wine
Ratch it on my boy
Make them come in, take the winin', make them movin' up with the Dancer King
Until you diss, until you dance
This morning I open my eyes and everything is still the same
I turned to the guy who was gay last night
I'm asking, what's your name?
She used to touch me more and more
I love those men one and all
Each new one of me makes my heart beat fast
When I see them so strong and tall
With apologies to Iguana Girl, I can't resist this next one.
Boys, boys, be my boy, and that I'm ready, honey
Boys, boys, be my boy, I wanna be your lover, girl
Be my lover, boy
I've done my job, always thought that I'm a man
I've got a magic in me, yeah
I'm all around, still we're family paradise
We cry to be the kids everywhere
I'm just a girl, the clock has locked us all
It's time to get something hot So come on, let's get hot
But, boy, be my boy I wanna feel your body
But, boy, be my boy Tonight I'm ready, honey
But, boy, be my boy I wanna be your lover, girl
Be my lover, boy
But, boy, be my boy I wanna feel your body
Honey, bud, bud, be my boy.
Tonight I'm ready, honey, bud, bud, be my boy.
I'm gonna be your lover, girl.
Be my lover, boy.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Sorry, Jess, I just couldn't resist. But it's been like a good, like, what, four, three, four years since you heard it last, maybe?
Come on, so many memories, so little time. How can I choose?
That's still the sluttiest song ever.
I'm being told F you in the chatroom. Thank you. Hey, we'll get to the F. He's a week a little later. All right
She's not I'm I'm sorry
I'm sorry. I
Sorry, I will we follow you
She's typing messages. Oh, she says I'm not cute.
She's only typing at me through text now.
Oh, she's not even typing at me anymore. Forget it.
going to move on with the show here. I'm actually waiting, I'm kind of hoping to hear from somebody
on the Skype line in a couple minutes here. I open it up for a particular person to get
through, which I'm hoping to hear from in just a second here. In the meantime, I thought
maybe we would kind of start moving into the sim update for this week. I know Loki's got
a lot he wants to say for the sim update, so I'll let him get started, but just keep
in mind I might have to pick up a call midway through, sorry.
Thanks.
Glad I'm, you know, top priority there.
Anyways, um, yeah, this week there's a few things as opposed to the normal nothing.
Um, DDRUK still new, um, no new sim files.
They're still waiting on beginner steps for, um, the Ultramix 2 stuff.
But it's close to being done, so that's good.
Um, other than that, um, there's also a little theme that just got released on, uh, Bamai Cell right now, only because DDR Mania X is down,
and that theme would be Techno-Fiend 3. That's right, the most kick-ass skin ever for Step Mania has now released its final version of it, and, uh, it's awesome.
Now, I don't even play Step Mania, really, and I know what Techno-Fiend is, okay? It's that good.
good. Like, I really think the skin is great. I think it just, whoever did the work on that,
kudos to you.
It is the sexiest skin out there, and you gotta check it out. It's just, it's really
awesome. Lots of humor and a little Easter eggster in the background there. But, um,
it's just, it's really nice looking. They've added, um, it's just completely redone almost,
and I don't know how to describe it. It's just very well put together, very, um, optimized,
and just runs really well. But yeah, you'll have to go check it out. It's kind of hard
to find right now, only because, you know, DDR Maniacs is down. So what you need to do
is go to BamaiCell, go to their DDR sim file section there, and just do a search for Technofeen.
You'll find it probably, it's actually on the second or third page on there right now,
and you should find it to download it and it's awesome. It's a good 14 megs but um...
it is a really good sim... um... skin.
Um... other than that
uh... there's also
what was it the um...
OSC3 Plus Remix which is um...
the Stepfile contest where they had all the you know
basically songs where they're taking new steps or they're being remixed or whatever.
That's available for download also on BamaiStyle, and they also have their own download pack that's available right now, which is, I think, a couple more sim files, and it's, uh, DDR5 Key Classics is the, um, theme for this one, so check those out over there as well.
And that's all.
Okay, for those that don't really know what Technofeam is all about, what exactly makes this skin so damn cool?
It's just sexy, that's all it is. It's just very, you know, the interface is very well done and it just doesn't look like DDR. It looks really cool. I can't really describe it, you just have to go download it and check it out.
It's kind of like, I want to say Star Wars because it has a lot of Star Wars parodies in it, but not really. I mean, it's just very different. It makes DDR all futuristic. It makes it feel like a 2010 game or something, you know. It just gives it a very futuristic theme to it. That would be the way I would put it. And it's sexy.
Yes, that'd probably be a way. It looks like what a new, if they were to reinvent DDR and release it now, what it would look like. Well, maybe not. Because, you know, if they were to, you know, spend the amount of time that they did on, like, finding good music with designing the interface, this is what it'd look like.
Alright. Any comments from anybody else about Techno-Fiend? I know-
It was purdy.
You saw a little bit of it?
It was purdy.
Yeah, very pretty.
very pretty
and it
jazz felt excited
you've used this technofeen before yes
not yet the first time i've seen it but i'm definitely going to download it when i get back to walnut creek today
it's sexy
oh yeah it's sexy
um... what now i guess we're gonna go ahead and get into the cage match and we'll come
back and hopefully that
call we can get to and then
the new game, we're talking about the new game now
I know, I keep putting it off. Alright, let's talk about the new game now. Let's talk about the new game.
Um, so I finally got to check out this game for the PlayStation 2, thanks to
Islander and Iguana Girl bringing it over for me. It's called Technic Beat.
And this game's actually been out for like two months, right? It's been out a little while.
But I'm just now getting to see it, because I somehow completely missed this game.
I heard about it like a month ago, but I'd really missed it somehow.
Um, you're pretty familiar with this game, right Jess?
Yeah.
Tell us about how this game works.
Well, the way this game works is very interesting.
Basically, you choose a character and you start walking around on a kind of liquidy
type surface, and then circles will appear, and then little circles will appear coming
from it.
And if you think of the big circles as like guide arrows in DDR, and the little circles
coming out towards the other circle like the actual arrows then that's what it's
kind of like it's basically you want to hit the ripples right so basically you
have a little character you start riding around start hitting the ripples and the
game is full of a bunch of Namco original songs like old-school Namco
stuff like Thema Daruga and Pacmania Pacmania which is awesome
Dig Dug even Point Blank but now there's kind of a tie into Bamani isn't there
here? A little bit, yes, because basically the whole game is done by Sampling Masters,
Aya and Mega, which are of Rotel da Moon, I mean, Rotel da Sun, Rotel da Mercury, blah
blah blah, stuff like that, and they even have a Routine da Moon song, which is completely
awesome in the game. Okay. So if you're a fan of that music in 2DX, you probably should
check out this Technic Beat, because they did all the music. And that Pac-Mania song
that I heard you play was awesome. That was good. And that was by Sampling Masters, Mega,
One of the two. One of the two.
Alright. Good stuff.
It was a little...
It was different though. It was very different
compared to other music games I've played lately.
Which is good though. I think they need to get away
from the moving
moving thing towards
the line and stuff. You know, every
game is starting to look like DDR.
It's a lot more obscure. And that's what I like about it.
Because it has you... Yeah, like you said
a lot of things are basically, wait for it to
get to this screen. Okay.
This one you have to run around, and some characters can't run fast.
And you have to kick the notes around sometimes, and then depending on which note you hit,
you'll actually kind of change the pitch of the music, which is pretty cool, I think.
It's kind of fun to sometimes play it, and you get to remix your own a little bit.
Kind of like Amplitude allows you to do, in a way.
You can even have a remix mode in the game where you can make your own stuff.
And there looked to be a lot of modes in Technic Beat.
I didn't really get to play with a lot of the others. Have you checked out some of the other modes?
Basically, it's basically the normal stuff they have, like non-stop mode is in there,
free mode, like 2DX is in free mode after you play a song, it's unlocked in free mode.
Which is hard because there's not really a way to keep track of the songs you've passed
in regular game mode, so you're kind of guessing which ones you've passed already in free mode.
Then you go back and check, oh, that's unlocked, yay, oh, that's, nah.
So, yeah, it gets a little annoying, but still it's a great game because it has about 80 songs.
and it's only twenty dollars. Yeah, it's one of these budget games, like
it's kind of, Namco did this one right? Yeah. So
that... No, it was a Mastiff
and a Rika, which are basically a branch off of Namco. Okay.
But Katamari Damacyu was also by Namco, and I think these two games came out
together, actually, didn't they? Around?
It came out in the same manner, like it wasn't released that much because they
didn't think there were going to be a high demand for it.
And there hasn't been, so it's kind of like, eh.
At least for Technic Beat there hasn't been.
Now Katamari Damacy, they probably thought the same thing going into it, but boy were
they wrong.
Oh yeah.
So, and I, but Technic Beat, and we've got a lot of folks in our town saying they never
even heard of this game.
Yeah.
So, and it's not, you know, not surprising at all, but it is a new music rhythm game
that's out there, and it's kind of different the way it works.
You're not gonna know, a lot of the songs in there are gonna be unfamiliar to you unless
you play a lot of old school 80s arcade games.
If you're a mame whore, like you're a mame whore, you've got that multi-arcade machine
emulator?
That is exactly it.
Oh, I remembered.
If you've got that on your computer, and you have all these ROMs from crazy places of games
you've never heard of, which you're not supposed to do, because that's illegal, boys and girls,
and I'm not encouraging you to do that, I'm just saying if you've already done it, then
you probably are familiar with a lot of these old games, and they've remixed a lot of these
old games, which is cool.
Yeah.
So, check it out!
It's only 20 bucks.
Yeah.
So, wow, this will be a great opportunity to sell it on our website, but we just, you
know, we're not that smart.
Cry.
Oh well.
I did see that game while I was Christmas shopping, and the first thing I thought was,
ooh, should I get that for, no, what if it sucks?
But now I know, so I might just have to like go down and get it tomorrow.
Now speaking of music games that suck, I know, Islander, you got a chance to play one not
too long ago, right?
Music games that suck?
Yeah.
One not too long ago.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Let me give you a hint, let me give you a hint.
All those people complaining about GameCube DDR, there's something out there for you.
And really, you're not missing out.
It's by MadCats, who, you know, for a long time have been making third-party controllers
and such, and memory cards and other various accessories, but this being their first game,
it was lacking.
Boy, was it lacking.
That's putting it lightly.
Oh, yes.
Very lightly.
It was a pile of steaming poopie.
Well, yeah.
The one saving grace was that the soundtrack wasn't bad.
I liked a lot of the music in there, but dear lord, do I really like to play the full length
five minute version of Parents Just Don't Understand on eight arrows?
Do I really need to do this?
Do the arrows even make any sense?
Like do they...
They're...
Okay, imagine...
Okay, now we were just discussing Technic Beat, how it has a circle and another circle
that comes out to meet it.
Your arrows are set up in a circular manner.
You have up, down, left, right and the four diagonals.
and the arrows appear from the center and move outward.
It's very strange looking.
Which is confusing to begin with, a setup like that.
Another option is the scroll mode, which turns it into DDR, but up and down are switched.
And that was really confusing too.
Yeah, exactly.
That was like just uhhhh, I'm not...
Damnit
Wow, it's it was it was real bad as a matter of fact, I played it for about maybe 30 minutes
Looked at you want a girl and said this is a piece of crap
Threw it back in the box and went back to GameStop or yeah GameStop the very next day and said, you know
What let me get a game that like is actually cool. Can I try this in for Mario Party 6?
and
It was and sure enough I was able to do that and get some money
being reimbursed to me, and I was very happy about that.
And that's a good thing that you got Mario Party 6 out of it, because, you know, otherwise
we wouldn't have had that on New Year's, and that was a lot of fun to play, so...
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
All right.
But, boy, please, people, stay away from MC Groove's dance craze, please.
I mean, the only reason I'd buy it is if it was, like, 20 bucks.
How much was it?
At the time, 60.
Right now, it's going for 50.
You've gotta be kidding me, 50 bucks?
Does it come with a pad or something?
Yeah.
It comes with a pad and a pad.
Okay, but still!
Yeah, exactly.
Ooh.
God.
Oh, it was horrible.
But even the Mad Cat's pad wouldn't even be worth $50.
It sucks.
I mean, it actually worked well, but I was like, ugh, just, ugh, it's just bad.
People stay away, please.
Get on the Mind?
Ooh.
That was one of the games we picked up, basically because we have Carrier Revolution Volume
And we wanted to play duets with like two mics. So I bought I bought get on the mic for the second mic
The game itself is actually pretty interesting. It uses a lot of I mean, of course, it's it's all hip-hop
But it ranges from stuff like the newer stuff
Gosh like turn it up and some other strange things or like party up DMX to like old-school stuff like Humpty dance and
and and and and the characters are just hilarious because like there's this one
stage where you're just starting out your career and you're in your bathroom
looking at yourself in the mirror trying to be all hardcore. Wasn't that a scene in
8 Mile? Yeah, basically. It's funny because like your your boombox is on the
shelf and it's like bouncing and it's and like if you're doing well the whole
room starts like like bouncing and having fun. Yeah, pretty much. And it's
like Parappa's bathroom level. Basically, there you go. There you go.
He's not rapping about having to go to the bathroom. No, but like perhaps honestly my favorite song in that game. I know I know
It's a great song in there may know in the snow. I got that really gotta go
I made me laugh so hard. I peed a little
Yeah, all right, please stay away from as he can't then see Cruz dance craze, please
I got to check out a little bit of Donkey Konga this week because one of my buddies
got it for Christmas and he said, you have to play it, you have to play it.
So he brought it over, kind of like how you guys brought it over a couple weeks ago, but
this time I actually had time to play it.
I feel bad because you guys brought those games, we didn't even really get to them.
But not to play a little more Donkey Konga, now I'd seen it at E3, and really the game
was pretty much what I remembered at E3, there wasn't a whole lot different, but it's just,
it's fun.
It really is.
game there's some songs in there that are really freaking cute like there's a
cover of I think I love you so what am I so afraid but it's all like happy
Britney style kind of but not not like Britney bad but like you know yeah but
it has that like a cute Nazi feel to it it does and we got to get some of those
songs and get them on orange on this radio because there's some really cute
docu conga songs but then there's some like really really like okay this game
is obviously for five-year-old songs because there's like the campfire medley
There was a Foster's Medley in Taiko Drum Master 2, and I'm like, what the hell is this?
I came this close to picking up Taiko Drum Master today. I saw it sitting on the shelf, and I was like, it's calling my name.
Get it, get it.
But then I was like, must save money for something else.
I want that game. But I still want a freaking second pair of maracas.
They stopped making Samba de Amigo like three years ago.
I wanted them to bring out the tambourine one.
Seriously, the tambourine game?
I would be all over the freaking tambourine game.
This coming from somebody who has played
Dance Dance Revolution,
Para Para Paradise,
I've played just about
almost every music
game out there.
The tambourine game did come out.
The tambourine game is the gayest
music game I've ever played.
I don't care, I'm a chick, I can get away with it.
You can, but I'm just saying.
You think Para Para is bad? Play the, what's the tambourine game called? Tambourine something.
Tambourine something. I'll find out the name. Wow. Give me a sec, I'll find out the name.
Alright. Mr. Tambourine Man. Mr. Tambourine Haynes. Yeah, but nothing like those fifteen
pound samba controllers. Dear lord. Samba was such a fun game though, it's such a pity.
Wasn't it? Well, you know it's gonna have a little revival because the itoy thing, the
Sega itoy is gonna have a samba minigame in it. But man, it was just fun for those random
composers you have to do those are always great which which which reminds
me Jamie Samba on iToy travesty or best thing ever I hate the iToy so travesty
all right just curious all right all right yeah how about that cage match how
about that cage match let's get into the cage match we're gonna get into it here
Alright, last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, we were missing a host, so we
didn't get a song, because Jamie was out sick.
Got the name.
Oh.
Chacato Tambourine, I think.
Oh.
So, what, shake that tambourine, basically?
Basically.
Alright.
Anyway, we were down a host last week, so we let you guys, the listeners, do something
you have been begging us to do for years now and that is a chat room choice song
for the cage match so we let a random chat room listener which was I believe
it was big red pimp ended up picking this right and angel you helped them
find it or something well no actually he already had it and he told me what it
was over private message I'm like oh that's cool all right so we had
everybody in the chat room submit a random entry and we picked one at random
And it was this one and sure enough you let the chat room put a song in the cage match and of course
They're gonna vote for it. So that's on one. Oh
I thought you had a comment. So
What that means is that cage match is all screwed up now because we have a chat room choice sitting there in the cage match
So what we're gonna do is know what we're gonna do is this
Since Jamie stepped aside last week for the chat room choice
I will step aside this week so the chat room choice can be in and if for whatever reason it wins again
again.
Loki will be out next week.
Okay?
That means you just didn't want to pick a song this week?
No, because I have a good song.
I have a good song, but I just, I'm going to step aside this week.
Did you listen, by the way, at my suggestion?
I haven't had a chance to.
I'm going to hear it for the first time tonight, so we'll see.
Alright, here we go.
So song number one, last week's winner, is a group, you guys know this one if you listen
to any J-Rock, Lark and Seal did this song, and the song is called Ready Steady Go, and
no, it's not anything like the Paul Logan fold one, okay?
Alright so again the way the cage match works we play three songs for your listening pleasure
or displeasure.
You pick your favorite and your favorite song goes into rotation all week long on Orange
Lawns Radio's Hermione Music and More program which runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on
the station when we're not live.
Alright so here it is, oh and remember you gotta be in our chat room to participate so
head on over to www.orangelawnsradio.com and click on chat now so you can participate.
Alright, that being said, here it is. Song number one, a clip, because it won last week, so you already know what it sounds like. A clip of Lark and Seal. Ready, steady, go.
Alright, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, the chat room choice, which I'm
stepping aside for, is that that song can continue to stay in cage match until it gets
voted out.
That's Lark and Seal with Ready Steady Go and so let's get into tonight's two
challengers that will be battling that song.
Well I just have to make one comment since I wasn't here last week.
I do really like Lark and Seal.
I don't like that as the opening theme for SMA.
Lark and Seal's done a lot better.
A lot better. Since Jamie didn't get to make her comment last week, there you go.
On a scale of one to ten.
It's a seven. I mean, it's a good song. Don't get me wrong. It's just...
And I should like the opening sequence for FMA, but it just doesn't fit. It doesn't fit.
Let me put it this way. I was really scared when we were opening it up to a random chatroom song of what we were gonna get.
It could have been a lot worse. It could have been a lot worse.
So, chatroom did okay on that one, so I'm not gonna complain.
Alright, here we go. Song number two tonight is gonna come to us from Loki. And, uh, Loki, what are you picking tonight?
I'm picking, uh, first I found the remix album, then I found the original CD, but this is from a group that's calling themselves ProdigyRemix.com, and it's actually a group of about four different, um, remixers that completely remixed the brand new album from Prodigy, um, which is always outnumbered and never outgunned.
This one is Always Outsiders, Never Outdone, and this is their track Girls, which is Girls
the Idiotek Remix, which is pretty interesting, it's just a strange song.
Alright Loki says strange song, we will find out, is the cage match worthy?
We'll find out. This is ProdigyRemix.com with girls, the Idiotek remix. Enjoy!
It will be a mission now It will be a mission now
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
Speed it up, it hydraulic speed, pour a EVs
I'm going to go look at all the young girls
Who's your last one?
Who's the end?
I'm gonna catch you later
I'm going to go look at all the young girls
Oh
Oh
Oh
Okay, I just want to preface, before we judge the song, I want to preface with this.
We've been doing the cage match for about two years now.
I have been waiting that entire two years for a moment like this.
That being said, Jamie, what did you think of that?
It stopped!
Zero!
Islander, negative two.
Jazz.
Girl.
Girl.
You don't like girls.
Zero.
I want a girl.
That was something from Prodigy?
Oh, I was waiting for a number, I'm sorry.
Zero. Oh, okay.
Uh, Loki!
You know,
what's sad is that this remixed version was better than the original.
That's the worst part of it.
You know what? I just picked a song because I had nothing else.
Next week is when I'll have the good stuff.
That's what I was trying to download, but, you know,
I just found it too late, so, it's alright.
But, uh, I give it a zero just to go with everyone else.
Um,
you know what?
Loki, after all the shitty songs I've put in the cage match, cause there's been a
few, I'm really glad that it's not just me. Zero, Angel.
Um, negative 999, that's all.
Oh my god, she didn't do something nice!
Holy crap, you've given the tennis some really bad stuff!
I mean, I'm not meaning this in a mean way, but...
I'm surprised!
Yeah, uh... I don't know.
I, I...
We'll remind you though, your singing actually did get voted in for, uh...
For the weekly pick, so...
If?
Yeah, I think your singing is better than girls.
I would like to point this out.
Girls, girls, girls, girls.
Loki, Loki now can attest to this.
This is the first time a song has ever been put in the cage match
and gotten zeroes from every single judge, including the one who put it in.
Wow.
We have orange elves history tonight.
I think we've had one where I put it in and everybody else gave it a zero,
But I gave it a hundred to balance it out. I don't remember what song it was
I know it. I know I've been there, but remember you know what our opinion sucks
Will the chat room vote it in just to be funny and let me tell you that would not be funny
We'll find out because it's really up to the chat room
Jamie
Yeah, that's right you'd have to listen to all week
And you would have to hear it again next week, and I'll play a long clip of that song next week
Like why are you giving the chairman ultimatum? You know they're gonna be mean right back at us
Love you chat room that being said let's give them another option Jamie. I
Forgot who it is that did this again
But there was a song and I think I really do think that this is one that I had on a tape that I bought
I got it The Limited back when I was in my senior year of high school, taking French.
And I bought the CD, the tape, because it was all in French.
I was like, oh cool, I can use it to, you know, practice.
It's a song called Jola Taxi that I really liked.
I mean, it was a cute song, and I was looking for it and found a remix of it.
And this has actually been sort of edging me back into trance, believe it or not.
So this is a trance mix of Jola Taxi.
Alright, now the full name of this is huge, so I'm only going to read it once, kids. Here it is.
The artist, Aria Posey, and the song, Joe Lataxi, and it's the Jan Wayne remix radio cut.
Okay?
Wow, that's pretty damn long.
Here it is, song number 3, enjoy!
All right, let's see what everybody thought about song number three.
We'll just call it Joe La Taxi for short.
Jamie?
I've just been listening to that song on repeat.
I mean, actually, it was...
I was listening to it earlier today just trying to keep myself in a good mood, and I give
it a nine.
I like I'm still not quite my chance, but it had to have a couple of slightly
Overly trancy annoying things in it, but overall it's such a good song and I like the original
Okay, did you want to get your thought in before you head off? Okay. All right, Jess. I
Thought it was okay
It seems very kind of Jay trancy to me like something at UMI would do a lot to me and that's okay
But I don't know it got a little too trancy for me
Just giving it generic termsy for me, but it was still good, so I'd give it like a 7.
You know, that was actually the same score I was gonna give it myself.
I did like it a lot, and I liked it a lot better than some of the other stuff that was played.
played? That being said, yes. A good solid 7. That sounds very good.
Uh, you know, that song was kind of odd, but it was odd in a good way. Like, it was kind
of one of those songs I just go, huh, that's kind of neat. Um, so, and honestly, this week
it better win, so I give it a 9. Girls. Like the French, I wanted the retreat from this
song so it gets a five because it's not sorry hey Joel I like it's bouncy it's
happy it's any all right you've heard what we have to say now let's hear what
you have to say you will pick the winner by placing your vote right after this
recap of the three songs you can vote for tonight song number one lark and
Ready Steady Go!
Song number two, ProdigyRemix.com. Girls, the Idiotexx remix.
Song number three, girls.
Song number three, Jola Taxi.
Alright, Loki's crying foul. Loki's crying foul. Here's a little bit longer.
Alright, there it is. Alright. Alright, thank you. Alright. Place vote now. Send a private
message to Sky in the chat room with your vote for song number 1, 2, or 3.
That's it. I know what I'm going to do.
Loki's shaking his finger at me. What?
I'm going to change my F.U. music to that.
Loki wants to change his F.U. music to that song.
can't. Jackety Sax is so good though. You've been threatening to change your
F.U. song for a while. Alright. Place your vote now guys. Hopefully somebody will
remind you there in the chat room how you can place your vote if you haven't
done so yet.
Alright. Moving on. I was gonna take a call on the Skype line but I'm gonna I'm
I'm going to hold off on that for just a minute because I just remembered something and I
was like, oh yeah, let's wait on it for a minute.
So we'll do that Skype line thing in a little bit.
We're going to go to a quick break, I think, and then come back.
Before we go to the break, though, I thought I'd scan around, see if there's any big news
going on here we should talk about.
What about the...
Oh yeah, tell me about this.
This is another game I got to play for the first time this week, the guy game.
Tell us about what's going on there.
It's being recalled.
There is a lawsuit there against, well obviously her name is being withheld, they're just calling her Jane Doe, but she is suing both Top Heavy Studios, the producers of the game, Sony, and Microsoft for having it been released since it features her in Spring Break topless at the age of 17.
Lovely.
Yeah. Lovely, lovely, lovely. Dun, dun, dun.
So now the game's getting recalled. Oh yeah, so it's being yanked off store shelves with the
quickness.
I was able to snag an Xbox copy for my
cousin for Christmas and I told him if you ever sell this thing I will fucking kill you.
You could ebay this probably in about a year for some big cash, who knows?
Seriously, it's a collector's item now. It's right up there with Custer's Revenge now at this
point.
Oh yeah, seriously. Oh yeah. Definitely.
Alright, we're going to go to a break now and when we come back from this break we'll
go to the Skype line and we'll hear who won tonight's cage match and we're going to get
into the FUs of the week. Busy show still ahead, so don't go anywhere. We will be back
after this break and I haven't even really thought about what kind of theme we should
to do this break. Maybe, um... No, we're not going to play Girls again. Let's play, I don't
know, I want to play a song we don't usually play. How about some BeatMania 5 key stuff?
We haven't heard some 5 key stuff in a while. Here's something from BeatMania Final. This
This is Fellows. We'll be back after this.
Yeah, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
🎶🎶🎶
That a castle there
No matter what they do, they're gonna keep me gone
You know what they mean?
I'll see them again
Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate,
As we demonstrate, everybody wants a piece of the pie
Bolsa mila means the eye
Coso dos are like having the eye, know the fight
Cos I spy, image fly
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock
This is the way we ride, as we demonstrate
As we demonstrate
This is the sounds
This is the sounds
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Both of me that means the eye
Cause I'm losing like everybody I know the vibe
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here at Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 125.
And let's find out who won tonight's cage match. I know you boys and girls are really excited.
All right, let's find out by one vote this song won
By one vote
Don't attack see
Winner of the year you do
I'm special. Might I add? It tastes like purple. Might I add, that was one vote over song number two.
You are shitting me. No. So who do we ban? I can't say, I'm sworn to secrecy. One vote over song number two.
Some folks trying to be funny. The chatroom is full of fuckhards. Song number one not forgotten about, not forgotten about by any means, but a little bit left in the dust there with the rest of the controversy, so sorry guys.
But maybe we'll do the chatroom choice again sometime at a later date. Girls. Girls.
Alright, I think what we're going to do is we're going to go to the Skype line in a minute
here.
We're going to do that and also we're going to be doing the FUs of the week momentarily,
so send those FUs over to Sky via private message and we'll take those.
In the meantime, let's go to the Skype line.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Is this me?
No, this is not.
Hello?
This is me.
Hi. How are you? Good. Who's this? I'm on the air.
Hi on the air. How are you? I'm moist.
Aren't you always?
Well, when I think of you, yes.
And then the minute I hear Rob's voice, it shrinks up.
Tell him who you are, asshole.
I'm the asshole. Don't you want to be my friend?
The asshole formerly known as the Asshole of the Dance.
don't make me come back there the one the one and only and never replaceable
asshole yeah come on say all right it Travis from under sedation live.org oh
you like that don't you yes oh you like that bitch Duncan huh what do you want
Travis did you just call in to taunt us well actually I had a rant but I'm gonna
We'll get to that in a second. You guys were talking about, obviously you had an annoying song on earlier.
Yes, we did.
I guess it was something that was catastrophically annoying.
Yes, it was.
Well, I found something worse.
Okay.
Isn't this annoying?
Sounds like a game, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Can you even hear it?
Yes, I can. I can hear it.
Good!
That's worse...
What is that?
That's from life aquatic.
Oh, so that's the trailer in the movie the life aquatic?
Yeah, that's from the movie the life aquatic.
Is that supposed to be going under the sea music?
That is, that's going under the sea music...
That's the music that's playing in Bill Murray's helmet.
It was kind of funky.
That's right, that was on the trailer!
Yeah, and he starts doing that little butt shake.
I need to see that movie.
It was, I don't know, the girl's song, not Funky.
That song, Funky.
I don't know.
Dude, that one's kind of groovy, if annoying.
But I'm amazed Rob didn't play this when that song was on.
In my opinion, and I have an opinion on this show, they are losers.
Because Rob, your man is back in what, two weeks, three weeks?
Yes, Simon, my idol, yes, he's back.
I'm actually going to try and watch American Idol this year.
I didn't watch it last year.
But I do... I have an F.U.
Okay, we're going to be getting into that soon, so why not give us a preemptive F.U. here?
Oh, a preemptive F.U.? Whatever, a pre-school...
I don't know. Fine, we'll call it a four-play F.U. How's that?
Okay, well let me transition. Okay.
at a transition into FU mode
because you're like the only outlet i can go to when it comes to video games
is you guys
well that's what we're here for okay
so i thought i'd get this out of my
out in the open now
i'm fucking
can i say that on this show?
uh... yes you fucking can
oh thank you fucking much
i'm sick and fucking tired of all these jack-ons on halo 2 who are fucking
cheating out the ass with standbys on their cable modems.
How do you cheat in Halo 2?
You put your cable modem on standby in multiplayer games like capture the flag, assault and all
that shit.
So while everyone else goes into reconnection oblivion, you're still playing your game.
You got the bomb, you got the flag, you go right to the gold point, set the bomb off
or capture the flag, take your modem out of standby and boom, you've suddenly got a point.
Genius.
Thank you for telling all our listeners how to cheat at Halo. I'm sure they're all going to go do it right now.
What everybody needs to do is go to bungee.net, the people behind Halo 2, get on their forum boards, report people that do this shit, and get these people banned off Xbox Live.
No, what's also great is those people that mod their controllers for burst firing in Halo 2. I've seen that also. That's ridiculous.
That's not cheating. That's just competitive play.
I see. Meaning that Travis doesn't. I see, okay.
Alright. That's called taking advantage of the scenario. Alright.
Okay, just like grabbing the flag through the wall. That's fun as hell.
Now, is it true that Bungie erased everybody's data sometime in the
past couple days, like all the Rumble Slayer
stuff went bye-bye? I heard this. If they haven't already done it, they are in the
process of doing this, because I've talked to a couple people in the community
and Bungie, they're even trying to find a way to work around
the the stand i don't know what to play here was one line dot that was the
need is thing the world was
wind your game goes in the lagging you disconnect
you don't lose the game entirely you just pick up where you left off
everything's fine you just keep on playing
well unfortunately is little you know
fourteen-year-old ass wipes to you know get off on gushing on pictures of lindsey
low hand in entertainment weekly who have no life but drinking you who
anything being dong's have found this little loophole through their cable
modems
So, you know, these, by the way, being the same 14 year olds that get on Xbox Live and
while you're playing them go, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!
And they're as white as you, Rob.
Exactly, they are, whiter, in fact, if you can believe it.
And you can hear it in their voice, and what's funny is when I'm playing with one of my friends
who happens to be a man of color, listening to him crack up, listening to these guys go,
Oh, you nigga this, you nigga. Oh, I got you, nigga.
You know, and he just, he takes great pride and pleasure in coming behind them during the game and just beating them down.
If I could count the number of times I've heard, I'm Rick James, bitch, on Xbox Live.
Yeah, when will people, when will they realize Dave Chappelle is not that funny?
Well, I don't know. The Grand Theft Auto sketch is pretty funny. Have you seen this?
He's got his hits and misses, but he does have hits and misses.
Wayne Brady? Hilarious.
Yeah, okay
Jack Black not funny
You know stuff like that. I mean, I mean us white people we got Jack Black and unfortunately, you know
The the african-american community has Dave Chappelle. So, you know
Alright, but you know what? I mean, I'm serious
Hang on you have to go back a little bit with the Jack Black stuff and you have to go back to mr. Show
No.
He ruined every episode he was in.
No way.
No way.
I'm sorry.
Jeepers Creepers.
Don't put your dick in these holes.
That's classic.
Jeepers Creepers.
He ruined that one.
He ruined the farmer bit.
No.
He's ruined all the shit.
I don't like him.
No.
I hated him.
I can't stand Tenacious D.
Have you even bothered to see School of Rock?
Yes I have.
Unfortunately, my place has a habit of showing it multiple times on the electronics section,
so I unfortunately am cursed with seeing that movie.
So, how are you doing, Jess?
I'm in pain.
Why?
What's wrong, hon?
My left side hurts for no apparent reason, and it has been since, like, Friday, so I'm
trying to determine if it's because of working out too much or not.
Well, you know what it could be, now that I think about it, you know?
I'm not pregnant!
No, no, no!
I don't have AIDS!
It could be a tumor!
It's not a tumor!
It's not a tumor!
Okay.
See, I could play, you know?
I envy your soundboard, what can I say?
We don't have anything that fancy.
This is why I came up with the other idea, which, you know, I'm emailing you all, I've
I've set a date tentatively, and then I hope you all are capable of participating.
I'll have to pencil it in.
Yes.
Just pencil in the 29th of January.
Wow, that happens to be my birthday weekend.
Hi!
Good planning on my part, huh?
Potentially bad, but we'll see.
Oh, I see.
Your birthday's more important.
Okay.
Well, I'll remember that.
I'm only turning 28, you old fart, but it's still important.
I think Travis just shot himself, ladies and gentlemen, live on air.
No, um...
Oh, darn.
Have you even told...
No, it's just Texas. You get all sorts of gun noises out there.
Oh, yeah.
You forget we live in shit-kicking Texas.
Have we even told them what?
Well, I mean, I know Jess knows. I know you know. I know Jamie knows.
Anybody else around knows about the little thing?
Yeah, I do.
Angel says yes, she does.
Okay. Alright.
And Ross knows, but he doesn't realize he knows.
People know. They know. Anyway, I don't want to steer too off track here, but I do want to say, some folks in the chat room think you're pretty funny, Travis.
You have some fans in the chat room already.
yeah exactly that's what I said when I read it um if you guys think Travis is
funny then you know what um you can listen to Travis's show it's under
sedation live www.under station live.org it's where iguana girl and I got our
start on internet radio and dark sacra to some extent as well I was number one
most often guess. I know you weren't. Yes. Hey Rob? Yes. Hey, I just got one thing to
say. Do you really think you can do all that bullshit you just said? I'm just trying to
help you out buddy. What the hell are you doing? It was a weird echo. Go. Go. Stop that.
I'm hanging up on you. No you're not!
Use the force!
Do you honestly want to get into that type of war with me?
You know you'll lose.
You're gonna be in the process too.
What?
You're being mean to me in the process too.
Turn your goddamn echo thing off!
Hey, Rob.
What?
I can make everybody sound like chipmunks.
I hate you.
And then I can do 3D effects.
See, this is what happens when I waste my money on toys that I don't need instead of, you know, getting stuff that my daughter really needs, like diapers.
You know, it's kind of hard wrapping her up in brown paper bags.
Let's say Walmart on the side.
Actually, never mind, it won't go there.
Anywho, don't forget, the 29th, if that's a conflict,
let me know ahead of time, I will attempt to reschedule.
But we need to test out how it's going to work in sound.
Our people will be in touch with your people.
Oh, get your people with my people?
Yes.
I have no people.
You have little people?
And Rob just has people that come around him going,
Ooh, Rob's cool.
Wanna touch him? I touched him. Wanna touch him? Ooh, I touched him.
Who has a trash?
What the hell is going on on your end?
It sounds like you guys are like pushing some weird button.
No, you've got the echo thing on.
No, I don't. I turned off all my echo shit.
I don't know what's going on.
Oh, you scare me, man.
Alright, thanks for calling in, Travis.
I gotta go.
Later.
Bye, bye, bye.
That was not on my end.
Oh look, it's gone! Magically!
I wonder how that happened.
Oh no.
I swear he does that just to piss us off.
Yeah, I know.
Alright, again, if you thought that was funny, I don't know why, but no, I'm kidding.
Uh, understationlive.org, we do love Travis, and of course Jenna, we love Jenna even more.
I mean, honestly.
Because Jenna is hot.
It's all about Jenna, really.
Jenna is hot.
Jenna is a hottie.
Totally.
It's all about Kira.
Alright.
And Kira's a cutie.
Alright.
If you want to find out what we were talking about there with the 29th, just head on over
understationlive.org and there'll be more information soon.
And then it involves us. So, you'll see.
Exactly. Alright. Oh, I'm so glad that we get to go from that phone call into this next segment,
because this next segment is a good one to follow that up with, and it's the FUs of the Week.
It's our chance to rant a little bit about the things that have been pissing us off today, or all week long.
And, Jamie, why is it that we have to do these FUs of the Week every single week?
Because of girls.
My first F.U. of the week goes to your dryer.
My second F.U. of the week goes towards the fatigue flu.
flu for making me feel like crap another one goes to stress as you goes to
distance money but I am very glad though that I am getting a raise with my new
job which is probably gonna go to pay for bills humongous as you goes to
GameStop incorporated if you goes toward the holidays in general for screwing
with my head. Um, an F.U. goes toward stupid fuckers who drive really stupidly in the rain.
Like, let's go, you know, there's one thing to drive five miles under the speed limit
when you're, you know, in the rain. Five to ten miles, depending on the conditions, is
smart. Thirty miles under the goddamn speed limit. Someone's going twenty. And, like,
Unless you, you know, if your car is so bad to the point where you cannot drive in the
rain, you need to either get a new car or take the damn bus, okay?
Um, it's, it was just one thing after, I'm a very easily frustrated driver though, so
that could just be it, but.
And another one goes toward people who have 20 items when it says 15 items or less in
the damn express line.
Okay, I'm done.
Sorry about that, I got a little bit of Loki's music in there because I ran into the other
room for a second there.
I'll try and fix that in this situation.
Now we will get to Loki's FUs of the Week.
Here we go.
Yeah.
I'm...
God damn it, I don't have enough cord.
Okay, I'll make this really quick because I'm cooking stuff.
Let's see here.
Fuck you, stupid drivers.
Fuck you to the fact that I don't feel good right now.
I think I caught someone's cold.
And um, uh, let's see, fuck you to work because they're not paying me enough so I have to
get a new job, and I'm sure there's some other stuff I can't remember right now, I have a
lot of stuff earlier, but hey, we're gonna keep it short, that's my gift to you.
Alright!
I like to give an F.U. to people that try to drive in the rain because it's obvious
that nobody knows how to do it, because whenever I get out there and I try to drive and it's
been raining just nobody knows that they're doing so I just what's wrong
with people what is it about rain oh my god water falling from the sky I need to
start cutting more people off and driving 25 under the speed limit or 25
over the speed limit and coming up on your ass and you know refusing to pass
you I hate people but I hate parking lots a big f you to Roseville and this
place that I call Whitey Plaza because damn what a bunch of yuppies I just oh I
I hate that place. Anyway, that's pretty much it. Otherwise, everything's pretty good, and I can't really complain a whole lot
So we're gonna move on and going around. Let's start it off with who's got a mic over there jazz
If you two people who do not signal when they merge
And holy crap, I have never seen so many people do that here and try to cut you off. It is ridiculous. Damn
Also, I view it as people who don't signal when they're making a left turn that isn't protected.
Oh my god. People in Milpitas do this all the time. I'm trying to get out of a shopping center and it's raining, so it's hard enough to see what's going on.
And people keep turning and turning and I can either go straight or left and I'm assuming they can too.
I'm like, oh my god, what are they going to do? No one's signaling but oh my god, they're all turning.
They're all turning, so I'm like, oh no, oh no, and finally they all go through and they all turn, and I'm like, fuck you all, and they just go in my merry way.
Uh, I'll do FU to Taiken 5, because let's suck at it. Uh, yeah, that's about it.
Alright, Islander!
The only FU I can think of, really, is FU to my car doors for, like, not closing all the way and letting rainwater in.
in I have to like keep a stack of newspapers on both feet to keep it dry
it's really it's really annoying the guana girl f you to my side for hurting
right now I don't know what caused it but it's really really really really
annoying and it's painful and I want it to go away f you to my butt muscles for
tweaking out f you to body sculpting class because it was extremely evil and
and awful and and I have to do it again on Tuesday and it sucks. F you to size 20
pants that don't fit. F you to Lane Bryant for carrying size 20 pants that don't fit. F you
to Lane Bryant for charging $52 for four bras on sale and F you to my
vacation time coming to an end soon from school and that's about it. I need to second the school with you.
Alright, let's see what DDR Angel has to rant about tonight.
Third about the school thing. Okay, no, fourth because Cash just said third. Okay, nevermind.
Um, FU2, the spare TV at my parents' house, not working because then I couldn't play like 2DX and stuff at my parents' house.
Let's go on over to the chat room and see what they're pissed off about tonight.
Uh, let's see, um...
Misty says, F you to my grandpa.
I don't want to learn to drive from you. Your skills may be leaped in your opinion, but your temper sucks too much for me to put up with you at times already.
I don't want to put up with your shit when I have to put up with the other retards on the road.
F you to StepMania. Alpha24 was the most recent one that actually worked for me.
Now it won't load at all, and I can't find any older alphas to download.
dork says f you goes to work for cutting my hours I so can't wait till school
starts again also f you them for not giving me my Christmas bonus f you to
myself again for having a girl over and not doing anything about it again you
just need to touch her booby just kidding and MPQ says f you to feel the
magic on hell mode those of you who have played know exactly what I'm talking
about.
Allusion says F you to Bill O'Reilly for being a douchey, blubbering vagina.
F you to the new Tilt Arcade that opened up and turned out sucking with its fabulous arcade
games such as Ski Ball and generic racing game number one.
Also F you to going back to school tomorrow and sorry to Iguana Girl for saying community
college sucks heart.
DJ Ronma S says F you to my job for fucking me over you bastards I will have my revenge
Misty says oh yeah F you to school starting January 10th
I'm going to refrain from comment
Ram says F U M S depression and A D D. K Dash says F U to New Year's because I was
all alone. Oh I'm sorry. Next time tune in to see what's going on with the internet radio
because we're around sometimes on New Year's so I know what little concession. Jaded 2005
says F U to people who think I know everything about computers when they can't work them.
And lastly, BlackDevilerX says F you to going back to school tomorrow and F you to being
jet lagged.
Alright.
Very ranty chat room there.
What can I say?
Alright, but they typically are.
They're moody usually.
Alright, we're going to go to a break and when we come back from this break, we are
going to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
So you will have a chance to ask us just about anything you want. Send your questions in
right now over private message to Sky and we'll take care of those. In the meantime,
we were talking about home versions a little earlier so I thought maybe we could play some
good songs that were on home version stuff. And I'll see if I can find it. All right.
Loki says I have to play a certain song from 2DX so maybe we'll squeeze that in somewhere
We will be back after this. We're going to start it off with a very popular track from DDR Extreme USA. We'll be back.
So little hope, so little hope
And I'm paying it out for love
Yeah
So little fear that makes me change
But not so late
A thousand years of Dallas Bay
So emulate
So emulate in the dark
But I'm raised up for love, love
Love
Love, love, love
So maybe love
Love, love
Similar love, similar love, similar love
More than love, yeah, yeah
Similar love, yeah, yeah
Similar love, yeah, yeah
Similar love, yeah
Simply be love, is more than enough
Holding on to all my fading memories
Back to where it all began
So much there I understand
As I look now
To a distance far away
I will cross familiar lines
Now I'm standing still in time
Still in time
Still in time
Still in time, still in time
I thought that I was gonna lose you, yeah Just have a one-on-one game, yeah
I was born to be dead
Just after one of these days, yeah
Didn't know what to do
Then there was you, yeah
And baby, feeling right so wrong tonight
And the stars came up in the sky
The music you were playing really blew my mind
Love is perfect
Cause baby, when I heard you say
Love was not an idea
We were meant to be
Love was not an idea
Cause baby, when I heard you say
Love was not an idea
We were meant to be one
It's a place you can hide, no care or frustration, leave the world behind
Time to look to the light, do we find the right direction, you know we all can find
Gonna take you through the light, turn your darkness into light
Gonna find a better day, go and don't give up this way
Gonna take you through the light, turn your darkness into light
To the morning light, take it, na na na, take it
To the morning light, to the break I say
To the morning light, to the break I say
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting
Do you want to be interviewed by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yeah!
Extreme Bamani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're kind of getting into the home stretch.
But you know, some folks in the chat room were kind of asking tonight
if we were going to do an Ask Orange Lounge segment, and I said, you know what, sure.
It's been a few weeks since we've done Ask Orange Lounge, we did List List a couple weeks
ago, we did Match Game and stuff, so we haven't done Ask Orange Lounge in a little while,
and this is a segment where you can just basically ask us whatever you want.
This is a great way to get us to actually talk about DDR if you want, or you could go
out of left field, maybe you have a relationship problem you want to ask us about, and Jamie
will give you straight up advice, really, and you may not want to hear it, but she'll
give the honest answer but remember we love you that's why we're honest
beginner alright so that being said
let's get into it and we kick it off with me making an ass out of myself with
a little opening theme song
let's ask orange lounge some stupid question
what will we find out this week on orange lounge radio
Is someone bound to ask a stupid dating question?
I really hope not, because Dark Sakura will tear up a new butthole.
Girls.
What are you cooking over there, Loki? I have to ask. Loki's garlicky.
Loki's cooking and it smells like garlic, and now all of a sudden I'm like, garlic.
Oh, you doing the fried rice thing?
oh his fried rice beautiful
he learned from the Benihana chefs alright
let's move on to question number one
illusion this is a question from illusion brace yourself you knew this
would be random
if you throw a blender off of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
and it lands in the Gulf of Mexico who did the wrapping in that one paranoia
remixed Loki did. I think it was Paranoia Revolution or something. He said it would
be the last one, if that helps any. So, Loki did this remix of Paranoia Revolution, and
I guess it has... I remember this remix that Loki did a while back. It was... What the
hell was the name of this, Loki? Can we tear you away from the kitchen for just a minute
to ask you about this? The rapping? Yeah, what was the rapping in it from? That was
from the song, actually, called The Revolution. It's by BT. I forget who he has that does
rapping but he's like on a bunch of different albums and I think it said who
his name was and I don't remember um Scotty D it's not Scotty D that's
retarded I can't remember why you look for that let me play a clip from
paranoia revolution and I but the rapping was towards the end right okay
here here's a little clip of paranoia revolution so you know what the hell
we're talking about. This is a Loki remix that you can find on his website, which is
lowkeyfusion.tk still? Alright, here it is.
Ooh, very sexy clip there from Paranoia Revolution, if you want to download the whole thing, it's
loki-fusion.tk, and I've heard that clip, the revolution will be televised, I think
I saw that on a bumper sticker once, that's what the guy said in one part there, alright,
Alright, alright. While Loki does some more research on that, I'm going to go ahead and
move on and you can come back to this question a little later, but it's from BT, basically,
the short answer to your question. And Delusion would also like to add on a note, and I'm
going to play some apologetic music to match his mood here on this note here, so I'll play
some very solemn apologetic music here. Oh, no, Loki found it. God damn it, who the fuck
What is this? It was in the song Mad Skills. Mike Cheka is the name of the song that was on his album Movement and Still Life.
And they actually, I think, in the song he says who it is. Because, you know, they do that stupid, you know, shout out crap in it.
So, I don't remember who he's partnered with, but it's the same guy that's on like all these albums.
And Movement and Still Life would be a good one to find out who's in that.
He doesn't give any credits anywhere else looking on Amazon, but no, nothing. So, um, oh well.
Alright, let me get to another note from Illusion here. He would like to offer a formal apology.
He says, I'm sorry, and I'm adding the crying noises because I know he's making them up.
I'm sorry to everyone that I pissed off. I, too, will be going to community college, though
I'm not too excited about it, nor would I be excited about any college. So, there you
have it. A formal apology courtesy of Illusion. And there will be a replay of that apology
next week on DDO Free Radio. In case you missed it or you want to tell your friends.
Alright. K-Dash. Okay. K-Dash has a question about Beatmania 2DX.
I'm planning on buying 2DX and I would like to know if anyone has any tips for me concerning whether I should get a flip-top
or just a Japanese PlayStation 2. And the best place that I could purchase them from.
Thank you. Japanese PS2 and CSX.
I would also go with the Japanese PlayStation 2. The flip-tops are becoming a little more...
Like, you know, like, if you'd asked us this two years ago, we would have said, straight
up, do not trust the mods, go for a Japanese Playstation 2.
They're a little better now, and I think there's more out there that you can kind of trust,
but if you want the real thing, you want a collector's item, I would say just spend the
extra money, get a PS2, because you're going to have to pay someone to install it, unless
you do it, I mean, I don't know, maybe do it yourself.
I'm talking about they're less expensive now.
I mean, if you want one of the nude, skinny, tiny, and they have all the pretty colors,
they have the Sakura colors, and the, Those are only those for the old model.
Oh, okay.
going to get a very brand new one, they're all going to be the slim style.
Alright.
Islander.
Yeah, no.
I second the whole, you know, getting the Japanese PS2, you know, wholeheartedly.
I don't trust the flip top still, I don't know why.
And make sure when you buy it, you buy a Japanese PS2, not an Asian PS2.
There is a difference, thank you.
Even though it is cheaper and, you know, it looks like it's going to be a good deal for
you, you have to, you actually have to use a converter because it is different power
than the Japanese PS2, American PS2 voltage.
So you end up putting that amount of money back into a good converter that you don't
fry your PS2 with.
Very good tip.
A lot of something people don't think about sometimes.
All right.
So as far as that goes, it sounds like we kind of give the consensus, you know what,
just go and get the Japanese Playstation 2, it's cheap and you won't regret it later.
And was she asking what style to or did she just ask other tips or he, I'm sorry, I don't
know if it's he or she, sorry.
I'm not sure, so we'll just move on.
I would say as far as styles are concerned, because usually that's another question that
goes along with it, is what style should I get.
You really just have to evaluate the song list and look at the one that has the songs
you want.
beginners go though I wouldn't go with third or fourth if you're a beginner
just because fifth and later had more beginner friendly modes in it overall I
would say as far as song selection actually 8th style doesn't really have
too many beginner friendly songs even in light 7 I would actually point people to
fifth style let's say if you're gonna start anywhere start with this style has
a lot more beginner friendly songs except the sixth style does have the
beginner mode in it so it really depends I mean as far as song selection eight
styles got a bajillion you know seven style has a whole bunch but I think
overall you're best starting with fifth or sixth all right let's move on we got
more questions here we want to get through before the show is over on dark
night asked me this question earlier in the show and I wanted to get it out
there we talked last week we talked a little bit about resolutions you don't
plan on keeping this is kind of in those same veins so if you think about it
a little bit of a different question, and, you know, just share if you want, you guys,
but your goals for 2005, a goal for 2005, do you have any goals that you'd like to share?
I'll start it off. I really want to get to Maniac mode this year, that's it. I gotta
do it. And probably get better at 2DX as well, although I don't really know where I'm going
with that, but let's just stick to DDR first. My goals for this year are very simple, and
And actually, I met one before the year began, because my goal was to be in a new job.
One of my resolutions I put in my life journal was to have a new job, and I actually got
that right before the beginning of the year.
Goal number one is to lose 50 pounds.
Goal number two is to be enlisted in the Air Force or Army Reserves by the end of the year,
at least to get my man over his anti-military thing.
Anything you guys on the couch want to share?
I have three of them.
Two of them are most definitely going to happen, and the third one is going to take a lot more
work.
Goal number one, I'm going to graduate again this year, so basically my goal is to pass
my last class that I have to take in order to graduate, and hopefully convince my teacher
that I don't have to be there for the day of the final, because otherwise I'll be stuck
here instead of at E3.
Painful.
Yeah.
Second one is this is the year that I'm going to be getting out of debt, thankfully
So I have to finish that out. I would anticipate it probably will be done by about August
So I'll actually be 28 years old and completely debt-free
Which is not something that most 28 year olds can say. Exactly. And I'll own my own car
No, no making payments or anything like that and that's coming up in about two months
And then my third, and probably the most important, and the one that's been the biggest problem for me,
I'd like to lose another 80 pounds.
Even if I don't lose the weight and just get down into size 12 or 14, I'd be ecstatic at that.
But I have been working my butt off to try to lose the weight, and it's hard, especially with my conditions and everything.
I'm gonna do it
Good luck to you. We're here to support you orange launch radio. Anybody that you know is
Trying to do that right now. Your friends are the best support you got for things like that. I think sometimes so
And you can look to for encouragement and we definitely encourage those you guys that want to be more fit
You know and especially Jamie is always telling you guys to go outside once in a while
Even though you do have to sit indoors to listen to this show. It's Sunday night. Okay, that's that's that was the Lord's Day to rest
so that's fine but you know go outside once in a while and get fit and that
kind of goes along with my goals too is that I have a goal where I would just
like to be more active and they say it takes 21 days to set a habit so I'm
trying to going to get in the habit of working out more every day and whether
that be that I get into riding a bike whether it be I get into lifting weights
whether it be I play DDR and actually do play DDR every day at least it's
something I want to get so where I'm doing like one fit activity a day so I
can work off this little little tiny pooch I got a little pooch actually I do
have a slight announcement to make okay for anyone who uses live journal I've
made and I will actually I'm thinking of making this just a big support group I
made a community called geek fit on live journal and I just made it this
afternoon but just for anyone who wants tips, advice, just to share, you know, what
you're doing, what's working for you. You don't even have to post every day but I
would encourage people to make use of this that I've opened up for everybody.
Just the livejournal.com slash community slash geekfit. G-E-E-K-F-I-T. Geekfit. I love
the name. That's gonna be cool. So live journal is a great way of support. Also a
lot of folks in our chat room are bringing up getupmove.com. Of course the
DDR fitness site, although getupmove.com, a little bit commercial because it's kind
of a red octane theme, but I have kind of looked at, I've lurked on the forums a
little bit, I think the forums are really cool. So I think if you want to find
people in the same boat that are kind of using DDR as a way to get more active
and lose weight, I think the forums are really great help over there on
getupmove.com, so check those out, definitely. Boy, okay, I guess we should
move on or else we're gonna run out of showtime and not get to everybody's
questions. We got to breeze through these last few questions here. Any other goals?
Anybody want to get out there? Okay. I did, I do have some other goals and that
would probably be just I want to, I'm kind of looking forward to 2006 where I
want to buy a house in 2006 and not be a renter anymore. So I want to do one more
year of renting something and I want to try and buy in 2006. That's going to take
you know establishing more credit and things like that and being a good boy
and things like that. And we'll see what happens with that. And then of course you
know there's relationship goals too, but at the same time you can't, I don't think you
can really set those kind of goals, because then you'll have these expectations that may
not be met, you're just setting yourself up for disappointment. So, while the wish is
there, it's not really a goal. What can you say? All right. Moving on, MPQ wants to know,
why did it take my Popin' Music 5 soundtrack so long to arrive? Well, I imagine the mix
This is several, or it's a couple years old now, so it's probably just hard to find.
It's the holidays.
That too?
That makes sense to me.
Yeah, there you go.
It'll take a while.
Bad weather, holding up packages.
Exactly.
Tsunamis.
Everybody knows it's Al-Qaeda.
Loki's ranting about Al-Qaeda?
Alright.
We'll see.
Um, let's see, DJ Ronma S wants to know, did you all get everything that you wanted for
Christmas?
No, I did not, and I don't care because I can work on it this year if I really want to.
Anything else?
There were a couple of things I wanted, but I for the most part got what I wanted.
Me personally, I didn't really have a list of demands, I just said I wanted to hang out with people more, and I did.
I went to some pretty cool parties in December, so you know, it's all good.
I don't really had I the one material thing I wanted I went out and I bought myself. I got it
So the end my raw plutonium still in the mail they tell me
Can't get your portal to hell did you?
Final fantasy has kept me away from contacting the dead. I'm sorry
Actually, it's funny
I was watching something on TV
Where I don't remember the show was because I just happened to pass it while Dan was watching where they were talking about your
experiment
As gonna be something that they were showing doing a news report on
Yeah, that was it it was a movie and they were doing they were talking about the movie
That was it. And I was like, oh, that's a that's a Loki's portal to hell
I just want to be like you, you cool guy you.
Alright I got to wrap this up so I'm sorry because I'm cutting a few people's questions
off.
I'm really sorry to you guys.
We're going to have to make this the last question.
Vidpowah wants to know, I recently picked up Tycho Drummaster, what do you guys think
of this game?
Any advice?
Real quick.
It makes my hands hurt.
Freaking badass.
I love the game.
I love it too.
I still can't get over Katamari on the rocks so you know what?
I have yet to check out the US version, but my advice to you would be if you like the
US version, there's about five of them in Japan that are just waiting for you to pick
them up.
Take breaks, otherwise you're going to kill your forearms.
I had a friend, my friend that got Donkey Konga complained of the same thing from playing
it too much, and even though it's a little bit different style still, I mean, as with
any game that requires you to move motion, even DDR, take breaks, you know, take breaks
once in a while. That's why you get a break stage on workout mode and things like that.
So, any other advice? Okay. Well, that's going to bring that segment to a close. Thank you
guys for the good questions tonight. We appreciate that. And we'll do more Ask Orange Lounge
in a future week. Remember, we're here doing this show every Sunday night from 6.30 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time to 930 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. Of course, this isn't the
only show that happens. We have multiple live shows throughout the week. Monday
night, Diversion, Bahmani remixes. Man, some good stuff. If you thought that
Paranoia Revolution clip was cool, you should hear all the stuff that's on
Monday night. It's awesome. Tuesday night, Dark Sakura, Pump Up the Volume. And also
this Tuesday I will be playing the repeat. Yes, the one chance to catch the
repeat on Orange Lounge Radio, you'll catch that this Tuesday, your one and only shot.
But DDR Freak Radio, I'm sure we'll play it several times this month, I'm assuming. Okay,
I'm getting nods. All right, and Wednesday night we have the Old and Mold Orange Lounge
Radio Rewinds, shows from like two years ago, we're playing for you guys. If you want to
hear what it was like when we were talking about how cool DDR Max 2 was and why are they
calling the next mix extreme. That's extremely lame and things like that. It's hilarious.
And you can hear me for the first time ever, but who really cares, right?
Right. And what else? You'll actually see a lot of faces two years ago. I mean, you're
one of the few people that was here two years ago that's still here. A lot of folks that
were here two years ago aren't here anymore, which is kind of sad. Except Logie, he's still
here. He schmoozed his way onto the show.
And see, when I was on the show, he was sitting on the floor. Now who's sitting on the floor?
Alright, alright. Because it's his apartment now. Anyway, also Thursday night outside the
box has been hitting some road bumps lately. I'm sorry you guys, it's just that Rice Princess
and Lanky Style have had other commitments, so we're going to try and maybe play with
that a little bit. Hopefully we can bring outside the box back this week. If not, we
might kind of change the format a little bit and try something else. Keep your eyes on
orangelaunchradio.com. Something exciting is coming very soon. Very soon. That's all
I can say right now. Friday nights, DER Freak Radio, working together with us to bring you
the Orange Launch Radio Rewind, 6 o'clock. If you missed this show, any part of it, or
a previous week's show, tune in over at The Freak, 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time. I
think that's about all the whoring I needed to do tonight for all the various stuff we're
involved with. Yes? Anything else? Anything? Any of our guests have anything they want
Wanna plug? No? Think we hit it all? Alright. Go on, girl.
When you're not listening to Orange Lounge, go listen to DDR3C radio. That is all.
Yes. You know what? Honestly, just support internet radio in general. Just turn off your
regular corporate commercially fed...and I know a lot of people bitch that Live 365 plays
too many commercials, but you know what, guys? It is nothing compared to corporate radio.
turn on your FCC regulated censored airwaves sometime and take a listen to the crap they
have on there and then tell me live 365 sucks.
I have some great news for everybody too. Also, G4, um, Tech TV or just G4 TV, the two
girls on G4TechTV.com promised that they wouldn't suck this year. I know everybody's so enthusiastic
because the channel's not gonna suck anymore. Because they said so.
But what if you're one of their boyfriends?
But they also promised to do some lesbian action on there.
That was their promise.
Oh, yeah, true.
I will one-up that.
This year, we will continue to not suck,
and we will bring you a hot lesbian action at some point
during the year.
That gives us 360 days to work with here, so.
At some point, we will bring you hot lesbian action.
And maybe some hot gay action, too,
for you folks that are into that.
We'll not only give you one instance of lesbian action, we'll give you two!
How's that? How do you like them apples, G4TV? Huh? Huh?
Alright. Anyway, uh, also the email boxes are open. We have email. If you ever want to say hi to us in email, you have a suggestion, comment, send us email.
It's Rob at Orangelandrado.com or Jamie at Orangelandrado.com or Loki at Orangelandrado.com
Now, now folks, I know, I know that you guys, um, like to tell me that my penis is small, that my breasts need enlarging, but I'd like some actual mail, too, you know, other than these, you know, other things, and I don't, you know, have any problem with my sexual performance, so I don't need any of those pills, either, but thanks for the offers, anyways.
Alright, we gotta go, I'm sorry guys, we're running over. Final thoughts, uh, let's hear it, uh, we'll start with Islander since he has a mic, uh, final thoughts.
I know, it's all you, buddy.
None at the time, I can't think of one. Hmm, come back to me.
La Guana girl, final thought?
My side hurts.
Feel better. Take drugs. Jazz.
I do not understand.
Angel.
the addiction help not islander girls Jamie go and play a real game Loki
playing 10-minute long marathon courses in step mania may hinder your ability
for masturbation my final thought is I still got to work in my 20 minutes of
today so let's call it a wrap shall we final word of the show one word to sum
up the whole damn show in one word jazz don't let me down girls that does it for
another episode of orange lounge radio live orange lounge radio live is an
orange lounge radio production more information about our station visit our
website at www.orangeloungeradio.com and now here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
La, la, la, la, lasagna You want a summer lasagna
Magnifico or maybe spaghetti
Eh, you sabbats are ready, now where you go?
Mamma mia bambino
Mamma mia bambino
Samara you, samara you, samara you
You should've taste my lasagna
Eh, you don't like lasagna, that's okay too
Okay, too, how about the calzone?
Summer nice, me to throw me, it's good for you
Have a summer nada
Have a summer nada
I know you like, I know you like, I know you like
La, lasagna
La, lasagna
La, lasagna
Would you like some zucchini?
Or my homemade linguine?
It's harder to eat, have a more better genie
Eh, you getting zucchini?
You gotta do it, mange, mange
Hey, you a passa lasagna, how don't you get any ania, you sloppy pig, have a morabioli.
You a get rolly-moly, a knife in the pig, like your cousin Luigi, Luigi, Luigi, capis
paisan, capis paisan, capis paisan.
La La Vanya, La La Vanya, La La Vanya, La La Vanya
Hey, Hey!
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
Alright guys, this is the part of the show called the After Birth.
Now what I have to kind of put out there is that our After Birth segments are going to
be changing a little bit in the future because of something else that we're doing and I can't
spill the beans just yet, but trust me, you'll be cool with this once you find out.
So our After Births are going to be a little bit shorter and just so you guys know, when
our shows are over, you're going to be going back straight to the Orange Lawns Radio Bamani
Music and More program.
That does mean you get dumped from the stream, you're gonna have to reconnect in 30 seconds.
But it's no big deal, right?
You guys still love Orange Lounge, and we'll listen to it, right?
No, they hate us.
I know, they hate us.
Ugh!
I thought that was a good show tonight.
It was a very good show.
I think it was a very good show.
I love it when Iguana Girl and Jazz comes in from out of town, and Islander's here,
and Angel's here, of course, and Loki has food so he's happy.
Loki, you look pretty pissed off at the beginning of the show.
I think you tripped on something and I saw you just go into anger mode.
what happened? I tripped on two sets of cords. First, set number one going from the cabinet
to the chair, and set number two going from the table next to the cabinet to somewhere
on towards the wall. It's like two trip wires that we have in here, and I hit them both.
That and I had a fucking headache, and it seems to be going away now that I have food.
I think it's probably because I didn't eat since 11, and when I did eat it at 11, it
it was four-day-old twists. So, literally, my jaw was sore from chewing those twists.
It's like, you know, if you work out, you know, while you can't move your arm, well,
that was like my jaw. It sucked. But, so I made my fried rice thing, and I have enough
now for the whole week, so I'm going to eat it.
I'd like to comment in the chat room, there's still a few people in there over at www.orange.com
in chat. Dark Knight says, dang, the studio cleared out fast, didn't it? Well, yeah, this
is pretty typical where most of our guests take off during the closing credits there,
just like a lot of our listeners do. Well, we understand it's kind of late for you guys
out there, especially on the East Coast. It's, what, 1230 your time out there, so pretty
late. But, you know, obviously, Goanna Girl's kind of hurting there a little bit, and Jazz
had to drive back to the Bay tonight, so it's very typical where, you know, people just
got to get somewhere else so it's kind of interesting with radio though
sometimes you can't always tell people will run into the studio sometimes while
the opening is playing and be in their seat right in time for the show to start
and you know live TV and live other live radio programs work this exact same way
so it's just kind of funny the illusion that would sometimes gives that we've
been sitting here for you know a half hour waiting for the show to start no I
don't think so but anyway we do appreciate you guys sitting through the
show and sticking with us. Have a great one, you guys. We really support you guys and thank
you guys for supporting us. What can I say? You guys have stuck with us through the holidays
and everything. Don't forget, listen to our Bomani Music Amore program. We've got some
exciting new things coming to you guys very soon. We're doing it for you guys because
we love you. Except Loki, he hates you. We love you. This new thing we're doing somewhere
involved needs to be the song girls just so everyone can suffer
we'll see alright guys have a great night thank you for tuning in at this
point
you're gonna be released from the live stream which means you're gonna be dumped
What you have to do is you have
