LET'S GOO!
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio Live from Montauk Radio Live, oh my god.
Oh god.
Heh heh heh heh, call me daddy.
Orange Lounge, they contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...muh...muh...cocky.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live!
This is episode number 126 for this January the 9th of 2005.
You're tuned into the B money scenes.
Most minty station of all things money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm,
say hello to Dark Sakura.
You know her, maybe ask Jamie Sommers.
I like fire.
Fire is very cool. I do like fire.
I watched Mr. Show today.
What have you set on fire this week, Jamie? Just out of curiosity.
Candles.
Oh, okay. They smelled like pears.
On something.
I actually spent the money this week.
Ooh, we're going to get into that, definitely, when we get into How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
You should light a pear on fire. I wonder what that would do.
it wouldn't catch fire because of the moisture in the pear
you catch the stem on fire maybe
well if you threw it in the fireplace that might be like a lot of fire where
the moisture wouldn't put it out
but not enough, it would still...
seriously
i'm full of good ideas here
we're going to have roasted pears with butter and cinnamon
today on Iron Chef, we're a battle
Also joining us, the other co-hosts, you know him, the angry, the bitter, the tech-massa,
Loki!
Alright.
And we never say his stage name, but it's Matt Blackman, by the way, just in case you're
curious.
Alright.
Um, also joining us tonight, we have one special guest, well actually we have two, but one
of them never talks, so we just don't acknowledge her.
have said stuff on this show before. Very rarely though. You need to give him the EBS,
the Evil Death Stare. I got the Evil Death Stare and the finger. Isn't that lovely? Uh
oh. Oh, two fingers. Oh, two fingers. You're going to hell. Yeah, I am. For a plethora
of reasons which I'll discuss later. Uh, anyway, say hello to the other, uh, special guests
Still a DDR Angel.
Hello. Ah.
I almost killed myself with the cord. Ah!
Those that know her pretty well, though, know that she's actually DDR Devil.
Bastard, I am not.
Oh, great. There's the Devil right there in ferret form.
So, do I have a name yet?
Do you? I don't know. Do you have a name?
I don't know.
You tell me.
Just Angel.
Okay, it's just Angel, fine.
I don't have a label anymore.
Angel of the Morning.
I like Angel Devilman.
Or Deviled Angel.
I like those, you know, paradoxes.
Anyway.
Alright.
We got a fun show for you tonight.
Actually we don't.
We have a mediocre show, but it's packaged as a good show.
No, it's going to be a good show as always.
Lots of things to talk about.
Jamie mentioned there she's actually played some Bahmani this week so we got
to talk about that among other Bahmani things huge Bahmani news going on in the
scene this week we got to talk about this you know this is going to be big
and also we want to talk about the brand new orange lounge radio production
there's a brand new show you may not have even heard of this yet we're gonna
tell you guys all about it it's so cool all of that when we get back in this
It's called fun with butter.
That's right, it's fun with butter.
And we just take DDR Angel and we just douse her in butter and then cook her.
Ah shit, are you going to light me on fire?
Yes. Let's have DDR Angel hold the pears and then set it on fire. We're being very random tonight.
Where'd my Black Mage light you on fire?
Alright, it's gonna be one of those shows, folks. One of those shows.
Alright, we'll talk about all that fun stuff when we come back from this break.
In this break, we're gonna feature music from 2DX, but Jamie requested that we play some 2DX songs that you don't normally hear, hear us play.
So, these are under-appreciated 2DX songs.
songs and we're going to start it off with a little ditty from slake called i'm for real
So we'll be back after this.
Reach way down into my soul
And you will see real love, I'm small
Oh baby, I'm for real
About the way I feel
I don't have no doubt
Just wanna shout out loud
I'm for real
About the way I feel
It's just a matter of time
And you will be all mine
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah...
Nah nah-nah, nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah...
Love live't in my eyes, that you will feel wanna real me.
Oh, baby, first you see this in my heart, and you will see the fire sparkling from the sun.
I'm for real about the way I feel
And I have no doubt, just wanna shout out loud
I'm for real about the way I feel
It's just a matter of time and you gon' be alright
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
them in music gaming and video games that don't suck, and some that do.
Here we are on our 126th episode.
I'm just kind of watching our chat room over there, www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Click on chat.
We've got a whole little group in there.
A little chatty bunch tonight.
It's very nice.
Good to see some folks chatting in there.
I guess the 2DX music was inspiring some talks there about 2DX clicks, and some people in
there kind of felt they don't fit in with the 2DX clicks.
it just me or I kind of feel what they're saying there's a lot of real
like elitist 2dx players out there I mean now I've always been one that says
you know just just play the damn game just have fun with a game that's why
they make it for the home you can play in the privacy your own home mostly
arcades don't even have the game anyway so you don't have to work be
intimidated or worry about anything but what's up with that why do people get
elitist over 2dx any ideas no Jamie any thoughts this because people have to
to have something to feel good about themselves if they suck at everything else in life, they
have to at least be good at 2DX, I don't know.
I know some good 2DX players that don't suck at life, they're very good at life, and they
just happen to be good at 2DX too, but some people, man, it's like, I don't know, instead
of having a humongous internet penis, they feel the need to have a humongous 2DX penis.
And this, you know, this could be a girl too, don't, you know. Although I actually don't
know a whole lot of girls that play 2DX. I know some, and some that are quite good, like
Jamie. Jamie plays 2DX. Angel plays 2DX. I am not good.
But see why, now see that's the whole thing right there is that you feel like
you are
you're not good compared to what? Compared to other people in general?
You know what, any old person walking up the street if you were to play 2DX for
that person they'd probably go wow
she hitting a lot of buttons. It's relative but I'm
you know my skill has depreciated a bit at the game
just with lack of practice. So is mine, oh my gosh.
Tell you what, you know, if you don't keep practicing these music games, these
rhythm beat games, you'll lose it. Boy, do you ever.
It's sad. Alright, anyway, let's not get too off-topic because we've got to start
off tonight's show as we start off
every week's show playing a little game and that game is How Was Your Week?
How Was Your Day? Dark Sakura, how was your week? How was your day?
I played some 2DX. Well, then you can't beat that out of practice.
Well, just a little, but, um, my week's been, it's been a really fucked up week, because
this is my second to last week at my job, because I got promoted, going back to where
I was before.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Get a nice raise out of it, too.
All right, raises rock.
But, um...
Now you can buy more useless video game garbage you'll only play one time.
This money's gonna save it for my house.
Oh, that's very good.
So you can have more places to keep all your useless video games.
None of your stuff is useless, though, Jamie. I'm talking in general, in general.
I would never make fun of the Dark Sacra Museum of Video Gaming.
The museum is right, although it's all in boxes, most of the places. We're going to be getting rid of a lot of our toys soon.
Are you going to put it on eBay? No, we're probably just going to give them away to some charity or something.
I'm charity. Okay, do you want a bunch of Ronin Warriors and Exo Squad toys?
I would never play with them.
They re-released a bunch of the Madcross toys as ExoSquad toys, and we have them.
We should give them away as prizes on the show.
Win!
Oh, I did!
I did manage to get more...
Win Jamie's crap.
More V-Rares.
Oh, cool.
More copies of the EX and UltraMix V-Rares.
So I have three of each, and may be doing something with those as far as prize-related
things.
Alright.
Um, excuse me, I've also had like this burning spot at the back of my throat is just like a little rough spot
So my voice has been kind of all day. I saw the grudge again
How was that in a theater? Well, it would have been great except for the morons talking behind us
So my friend turns around this is at the sunrise theater. She says you're gonna beat you in the head
That was almost like my experience. I went and saw the grudge and there was
This is right at the beginning of the movie.
Oh no, this was towards the end when I saw it.
And there was this guy, this jock guy sitting in the back going,
EEEHHH
And I turn around and go,
Will the guy with the little penis in the back row please shut up?
Well there was this one kid that just started belching in the last half of the movie.
I'm like, wow, it must be special to be able to burp in a movie.
Only retards do that.
And so he stopped.
just a little his mom was there too so I felt like saying making a comment about
how she raised her children isn't your mother proud of you now but anyway it's
just been a very weird week and like Friday was also my boss's boss who is
the AVP in our department her last day and we just ended up talking about stuff
in general about how last days rock about our opinion of certain people you
know and just in general and I hardly touched the phone I took like 20 calls
all day I ate carrot cake and I did body sculpting for the first time on Tuesday
and I was so sore but I was like mom I'm gonna go spin the next day gonna be a
good little workout you know work out a holic oh my god I was in such pain I
I didn't go Thursday. I didn't go Friday. I didn't go yesterday. I did crap.
That's like my DDR diet. I played like four days in a row and then I didn't play for five. And then I played yesterday.
I played PSO last night. And on the internet. And went to TapX.
I went to the new TapX on um...
There's a new TapX?
HAL. No, on HAL.
It intersects with HAL off of Fair Oaks. Off Fair Oaks, actually.
Oh, I didn't even know there was a new one.
It's tucked away back there, but they have fish balls on the menu.
And they have real spring rolls, like the Vietnamese style spring rolls.
Yeah.
With the thin wraps.
For those that don't have Tap-X, what's Tap-X, for those that may not know?
Tapioca Express.
It's basically, you can get all kinds of tea, juices, and milk tea, coffee, with these little
gooey tapioca pearls on the bottom.
They're so good.
And it's the gooey tapioca pearls that make all the difference.
difference now now I know a lot of you guys might be all like ew tapioca because
I had tapioca pudding once it was nasty nasty nothing like it nothing like it
it's good it's like look online for tapioca express it's like you're
drinking and then suddenly have balls in your mouth and it tastes yummy so what
is it like to have balls in your mouth chewy really in fact angels got some
balls sticky and squishy angels got some balls mints with her right now I'll have
to put these on cam so I can put angels balls in my mouth which I think I'm
gonna do right now I'm gonna look politely in the other direction hey look
ferret anything else you want to share about your week your day um no fine all
righty let's move on to Loki Loki how was your week how was your day Loki my
week is all right. I've been buying stuff. Stuff for my project, my other project.
You know, because you know all the other projects I start without finishing the
other ones. But this one should be done pretty quick though, because it's a small
one, so. But everything to build my micro ITX PC that's gonna be inside of an
Xbox, that's gonna be for our roadshows. So I have it all. Right now most of it's
stacked on that table right there. But everything else is still coming in for it. The only thing
I have left to purchase on it is RAM and then, you know, any other peripherals that plug
into it. And then, you know, any other miscellaneous case modding crap I want to do to it. So I
have that. And then, this week I've been playing a lot of Final Fantasy and that type of stuff.
Also been playing a lot of the guy game, actually, which is quite funny, because it's a fun trivia
with boobies in it. And, um, let's see what else. Oh, just, um, you know, watched a few
movies and that kind of thing. Overall, pretty easy week. And, um, yeah, that's all that's
pretty much been going on. Just that kind of stuff.
Alright, and my week and my day was, um, okay, I guess. I had a very lazy day. I've had a very lazy weekend, come to think of it. I haven't really done crap this weekend. I played a lot of Final Fantasy, that's for sure.
Um, whatever.
That's alright, we've sucked DDR Angel into our little addiction, and soon you will be next. Mwahahaha.
Okay, I tried that little addiction. You know what? It was crap. So I stopped playing.
As long as you didn't ditch us for World of Warcraft.
Should we tell her about the character problem?
Oops.
Anyway, let's see. What else was I going to say?
I don't remember. Final Fantasy XI has pretty much been my whole week.
No, I went out and saw some old high school friends last night, which was good.
You know, it's good to see those people that you actually liked in high school.
You know, there probably wasn't many if you're like me.
And I hung out with them last night. And then we went back to my friend's house and played Halo.
Because I had really played Halo 2 in quite some time since I got the game
It's like I got the game then I played online for like two weeks and then I got sick of dying a lot
So I went back. That's the best part. Well, not when you're the one that's dying
When you're killing other people, it's okay, but I was the one that kept dying
So, I don't know. I just went back into Final Fantasy 11 where I don't die as much
But I got to play Halo 2 last night and I forgot that it actually can be a lot of fun when you're killing your friends
So, I need to, like, have a Halo 2 night or something where I set aside a night and play Halo 2 because it's much more fun to play with your friends than it is to play strangers on Xbox Live who are, like, a gazillion times better than you are and just get on there and say,
I'm gonna shoot you down, faggot! I'm gonna kill you! Nigga, I'm the best one at this game!
And I swear, people on Xbox Live, they talk just like that. I'm not even exaggerating.
So, if you're offended by what I said, just go on Xbox Live, it's worse.
Anyway, what else is going on? I don't know. I was kind of hoping to do a little bit of traveling this weekend, but that didn't happen.
But next weekend is a three day weekend, so I don't know if it's going to be a drunk show
Sunday night or if I'm going to go out after the show next Sunday.
So that's a look forward to.
I'll drink if someone can get me home.
Let's see.
We'll have to see what we can do.
But it's a three day weekend for me next week.
I'm playing hooky on Friday too.
Our work celebrates Martin Luther King Day.
So we get it off.
It's pretty cool.
Actually, speaking of that, if I can add one more thing?
Sure.
I'm going to the Skywalker Ranch on Friday.
What for?
My friend works for Lucas Arts.
So I'm going to do school stuff that morning. I'm playing hooky anyway on Friday, on my last day.
And we're going to the Skywalker Ranch for lunch.
You should, um, take some business cards.
Get me some business cards.
We can find some, alright. Anyway.
Sorry, I just wanted to throw that in.
Whoring out Orange Lounge Radio everywhere we can.
Um, I guess that's all I really have to say about my week and my day, and not a whole lot.
I did see some movies, um, I saw that movie Finding Neverland, which is kind of like an artsy film that's up for Golden Globes.
Very good. Very good film. If you like Johnny Depp, you'll like this movie.
Alright, that's it. Enough of me, I'm boring. Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
I'm even more boring, so there. Um, excuse me. Uh, let's see.
Well, I guess for the gaggy part of my week, because I know you guys are all going to gag and go,
not uh magus and i celebrated our two year anniversary so yay oh see he told you anyway
um i also played a lot of final fantasy 11 thank you rob hey um and yes signed up for school ow
that was expensive oh well not as expensive as jimmy's i'm sure but still um because she's taking
I'm taking a lot more classes than I am.
How many classes are you taking?
Three.
How many units?
Three.
Because there are only one unit classes each.
Oh.
Okay.
I'm taking four three-unit classes.
Ow.
See?
Well, no one's a two.
Well, yeah, it's not my fault.
So I'm going 11 units.
It's not my fault.
I'm working full-time.
Yeah.
I got that, too.
So.
Hm?
I got that, too.
Yeah.
Well, I've got work, too, and all that stuff.
Other than that, I didn't really do much this week, so I'm more boring than Rob is.
As if that's possible.
Oh, I forgot to say, one other thing I did is that I went to the book store, Borders
Books, and I got a book about starting your own business.
You can read?
Amazingly enough, I can.
I thought that if you were like, you know, a corporate trainer, you couldn't read and
had bad grammar.
Very funny.
Very funny.
You know, well I have horrible handwriting so whenever I write on the board, for those
that don't know my day job is I'm a corporate trainer, and when I write on the board it's
very yucky.
That's why I like to use PowerPoint.
It was very much a tease because I have known some where I work who have the worst grammar
ever.
I am the best corporate trainer you'll ever have.
You are the best.
You should come work where I work.
Well, not really.
If you give me a job making what I'm going to be making in my new position, sure.
Everybody should come work where I work, except I'm not going to tell you where I work because
I don't need any more stalkers.
Anyway, oh yeah, so I got the book on starting your own business so that, you know, because
we're thinking about with Orange Lounge Radio, we're thinking about it, we're thinking about
it, actually making this legit.
We've been doing it for what, two and a half years now?
I think it's about time to make this legit.
always been in the business sex you up on that note I think we're gonna go to a
break and when we come back from this break I know we got a list list we want
to do tonight I know we've got something that new project we want to plug for
those that haven't figured it out we got a cage match we want to do we got big
DDR news very full plate for us when we come back in this break I thought we
do some poppy DDR music like some DDR poppy music starting it off with one of
the most poppy songs of all Dark Knight wanted to dedicate this to his friend
who's having a rough week so I'm gonna do that for him because we here at
Orange Lawns Radio. We care. We care. We'll be back after this with more Orange Lawns Radio.
I need your love in every way And I feel this every day
Cause I have too many tears To fall in love again
Now I am walking around In this side of the town
I just can't hide away How can I look in your eyes
I made a My Bad there, that was actually for DJ Rama S's friend, not Dark Knight's friend,
although maybe Dark Knight wanted to hear it too, I have no idea, but as you can tell,
I usually get too many private messages during the show, so I screwed up.
My bad
Baby, stay with me tonight
Oh, yeah
Oh, test me, baby
Oh, yeah
Let me find out
Watch your glasses last
Make a passion dance
Your body jam
Felt so cute
Come on, now I've got my mind
To do what I said to you
So tonight
Move your body to the bright
Imagine
Up there on your chest
On your lower
You know I'm not so bad
That's my bad and I'm united
And the rest is dependent on you
Come close to me and we'll be united
You will see, it's all so true
That's my bad and I'm not faking
Don't take less when you can't get it all
Just hold me tight, what you're giving I'm taking
Baby, stay with me tonight, alright
Carried away by a moonlight, shed a chance to look in the riddle of a Saturday night
Far away on the other side, she was caught in the middle of a different flight
And she couldn't find how to push through
A dream that was full in the evening
Carried away by a moonlight, shed a chance to look
Sore and breathing, carried away by a moonlight shadow
She saw what the feeling went and found, far away on the other side
She was shot six times by a man who ran, and she couldn't find how to push through
I said, I said, I prayed, I need you in heaven, one day
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 126.
Yeah, I know.
I can't believe we've been doing it that long either.
Anyway, we have been doing this quite a while,
but there's always new stuff cooking up over at Orange Lounge Radio.
And we have a brand new thing.
It just launched earlier this week, but we
know a lot of you guys don't really pay attention to anything we do outside of
this Sunday show so we want to let you guys know there's actually a brand new
show and one of the most common requests we get here on Orange Lounge Radio is
can we download your show and we to that we say no you can't it's too the files
are too big how does it feel to want yeah basically a the files are too big
be you know we want people to listen live and a horse of our ratings and see
you can always catch the rewinds on DDR for your radio Fridays at 6. Whatever. So,
that, you know, it's just not happening right now anyway. I can't say it's never
gonna happen, but just right at this time it's not happening. But, we decided, we
thought, well, let's give them something they can download. And there's this new
technology out there called podcasting. For those of you guys that haven't heard
about this, you got to check out a site such as iPoder.org. That's not Potter as
and Harry Potter, that's podder, p-o-d-d-e-r, ipodder.org, what else, what about podcasting.net,
what are the other big sites, I can't even think of them, there's so many, podcastally.com,
I think is another one. Do you have to have an iPod to hear this show? No. Do you have
to have a live 365 account or do you have to listen to the station live to hear this
show? No. It's something you download onto your computer. Do you have to have broadband
to hear the show, no, it's just going to be a little slower for you. So check out
on our website, there's a new feature over on the left side, it's called Orange
Lounge Radio To Go, and it's basically a brand new, I don't know, 15 to 25 minute
show. It's a mini show, but it's something that's intended for you to
download every week, and for those of you guys that do have some type of portable
media player, such as an iPod, the whole reason it's called podcasting is because
iPod is the most popular form of this. But if you have any portable media player, really,
what this is designed to do is that you can subscribe to the Orange Launch Radio Podcast
and then just keep checking it. Have your iPod or program check every week or so or
check every day. And every Monday or so, you're gonna see a new show from us. And if you have
a media player, it'll hook right up to your media player so that you'll have a new show
to listen to for that week. So it's pretty cool. You gotta check it out. There's already
an episode up there for grabs if you want to subscribe. I know a few of you guys have
been having problems getting the most recent episode. We're hoping that when we put up
a new episode, it's going to fix all that, so just stay tuned. Go ahead, subscribe to
it and keep checking. There should be a new episode up tomorrow, if not late, late tonight
possibly, but there is one already there. We taped a show last week and it got put up
there and a lot of folks have already been downloading it. In fact, I think we might
have some new folks listening to this show who actually heard the podcast
first because the podcast is such a huge new technology that's out there a lot of
people are just downloading new shows as they can find it and if you came all
this way to listen to our live show hey thanks a bunch stop on in the chat room
and let us know you enjoyed it www.orangelandtrader.com click on chat
and yes it is a show we plan to do every week if not more we might actually I
I mean, when we go on the road, such as, oh, I don't know, E3, we might be able to use
this technology to do updates every day, little shows, little interviews from E3, so stay
tuned.
It's very cool.
It'll also have the infernal machine.
Mm-hmm.
So, yeah, that, so, wow, lots of stuff there.
The podcast is an exciting feature.
Remember, all you gotta do is subscribe, and you're set.
Now of course all the chat room is saying the next step is Orange Lounge Radio Television
and I want my OLR TV, which is kind of funny, because when you think about it, I don't know
if you knew this, but do you know who one of the driving forces behind podcasting was?
One of the people that kind of came up with the idea with some friends?
Adam Curry, the MTV VJ from years ago.
Dude, he was cool.
He was awesome.
And now he's got this thing, which just makes him even more cool, so, you know, it's awesome.
know it would be like ultimately cool if like it were also sponsored by Martha
Quinn then I would be happy. And instead of being hosted by us we'll just have
Julie Brown and what we need what we need to do something when we have our TV
show we need like the remote control segment complete with those chairs
seriously remote control that could be like our game shows at the match game
segment or something. If you get the answer wrong.
Nah nah nah nah. Nah nah nah nah. God, I remember when MTV was cool.
I know, now they suck on ice. But the weird thing is, like, how old were
we when MTV was cool? Like, maybe 12? Around that age?
I think the time when MTV was cool was when I was a senior in high school, so I was 18.
Was probably when these guys like Adam Curry and Martha Quinn and them were still on the
air, if we're showing our age a little bit. It was right when, you know, the real world
was cool when it first came out, it was kind of a neat concept. When it took over the entirety
of MTV, uh-uh. You know, I took watch of my remote control, but the thing is that my senior
year of high school was spent on two pots of coffee every night watching the good cast
of Saturday Night Live. You know, back when Mike Myers and Dana Carvey and all them were
on...
Now, some would argue with you that this old 75 cast with Bill Murray and Gilda Radner...
Well, they were great too, but I mean like as far as the more modern era of Saturday
live and then I would probably turn on 120 minutes and have bangers ball my
god look at this our chat room right now you got to see this over in orange
launch radio.com click on chat they're practically creating this whole
treatment for an orange launch radio TV show that could be on MTV they're saying
all the cage match could have videos on it people could vote and it's crazy
that's awesome you guys rock I don't know I don't know what to tell you guys
Guys, I'd love to see it happen some day, but at the same time, gotta pay the rent, so I can't quit my J-Dog yet until somebody says,
Here, Rob, here's some money. Come to a show. Then I'd be all, Fuck yeah, I quit. We'll see. And I'm sure you're the same, right?
What was the line from Wayne's World? Get paid to do Wayne's World?
Yeah. That's like my dream right there is Wayne's World the movie, except don't they
get kind of screwed in the end? Oh well. Who cares? We'll see, maybe someday. But I think
the podcast is a really exciting technology because it allows people like Adam Curry to
hear us. Anyway, we'll see what happens. Alright, anyway, so there's the podcast. Again, I urge
you guys to check this out on the website over at orangehonoredradio.com. Just look
in the upper left, it says Orange Honored Radio to go. It's really easy to set up.
Honestly, if you were able to listen to this show, if you were able to sign up for Live
365 and get this show to play, you can do this podcast thing. It's super easy. And again,
you don't have to have a portable player. You can just have it download the MP3 and
you'll listen to it in Winamp or iTunes or whatever later. And just an FYI, for those
you guys that do listen to this. That show is actually encoded in MP3 Pro, which doesn't
do you any good if you have an iPod, because iPods don't decode it, but if you're using
Winamp, you can actually listen to that show in MP3 Pro, and it sounds great. So, just
a thought. All right. Anyway, on to some actual gaming news. Let's talk gaming news that's
going on right now. Huge, no, this is huge. This is really huge. All right. In the DDR
this week, there was huge news. What has been one thing that people in the DDR scene have
been begging for for the longest time, other than to get laid? A 62 foot long cigar? No,
not a 62 foot long cigar. What else? They want more Mamba like Go-Go. They want a DDR
game featuring characters from other games that have nothing to do with DDR whatsoever.
That's absolutely right. No, actually, I'll tell you, since you obviously don't know.
They want a DDR game on the GameCube.
Because GameCube doesn't have a DDR game. There was one on the Nintendo 64. Well, not the GameCube.
So, GameCube, announced this week, is getting its own DDR game.
Does this fulfill my fantasy for having to buy yet another peripheral for
another game system to play DDR?
You can never have too many specialty controllers, dammit. It absolutely does.
And if you think about it, Nintendo is really the granddaddy of DDR, the granddaddy, granddaddy, granddaddy, like the great, great granddaddy of DDR is Dance Aerobics, if you think about it, with the power pad.
So, um, it makes sense that, uh, it's going back to its roots, and DDR is going to be showing up on the GameCube.
Details are very sketchy at this time, this is what we know. It's DDR featuring Mario.
We can, uh, urge to refer to old cartoon rising.
I know, I know, seriously.
Absolutely the first thing I thought of when I heard this, I read this story and it was very...
Earlier this week the rain was keeping me up at like 4 in the morning, and I ended up getting online and I read about this.
And just instantly, I couldn't help but when I read that DDR and Mario were teaming up to do this, I couldn't help but think about this.
Hey, Paisanos! It's the Super Mario Brothers Super Show!
Thank you, late 80s, early 90s.
Koopas and Koopas, the princess and the others, hanging with the plumbers, you'll be hooked on the brothers and the friends!
I said hook, hook, hook, hook, hook!
Don't the brothers, the brothers, the brothers!
Oh, you gotta love that echo at the end.
Hooked on the brothers, brothers, brothers.
I am petitioning Nintendo myself to have that song included.
It needs to be there. It absolutely needs to be there in DDR Mario.
Or the one with Lou Albano singing it at the end.
Let's all do some Mario. Remember that one?
I wish we had an MP3 that we could play too, but...
So, here it is. Nintendo is going to be doing this DDR game, but Konami...
It's some kind of partnership, and we don't really know in what capacity if Nintendo is making the game with Konami's blessing, or what's going on.
I have a feeling it's going to be very similar to Donkey Konga, because when you look at Donkey Konga, it's basically Taiko Drum Master, but with Donkey Konga.
Stupid clapping!
But it had Namco's blessing. Namco actually helped them out with the game, so I think it's going to be very similar to that. That's just speculation, we'll see. Loki?
There's one thing for sure, it's gonna have awesome minigames.
Because if there's one thing that Nintendo's good at, it's making minigames for games.
So, that would be a lot better than that crappy, what, feed the oddly shaped animal heads or whatever, you know?
Or the, or the frustrating hit the ball around the maze thing.
That's a lot better than that. So, um...
I just can't, no, I can't buy this game.
It's alright, because I'm definitely going to buy it, I have to buy this game.
If you actually look at our website, orangeontrader.com, we actually posted a story about this earlier
this week, it's like the second story down, it says, DDR teaming up with Mario, and if
you actually click on the read more, you can see some screenshots from the game.
And the first two screenshots look like your standard DDR setup, although the two player
mode is interesting. It looks like some of the dancing characters you can have, you have
a little Mario and then it looks like a little, either that's a hammer brother or it's a Koopa
Troopa. I can't really tell because it's from the Skyview. I think it's a hammer brother
because I see a hammer in the picture. So it looks like those are some of the maybe
dancing characters that might be available, who knows? But then the third picture in there,
it shows Mario running from snowballs and there are no arrows on the screen. So it makes
you think that it's some kind of mini-game. So I think it's definite that there's got
to be a minigame that's going to turn up in here somewhere. All it really is, is it comes
down to, look, Konami made a DDR pad. Okay, now we don't have to make another power pad,
so let's make another power pad game. That's what it is. I just, Nintendo I think is finally
realizing they missed the boat on DDR, they should have had this a long time ago. And
that Mad Catz game, what the hell was that MC Groove thing? Okay, that is a bastardization
of a dance game. Don't even waste your time. That doesn't count. We're not going to acknowledge
that game any further on this show. Period. You know which game I'm talking about. I'm
not going to say the name on air. It's by that company that puts out the mediocre dance
pads and put out this really, really below average game on the GameCube that Islander
talked about last week. Yeah, exactly. Or you can play Parents Just Don't Understand
for like 5 minutes, because they don't cut their songs down, and then the arrows don't
make any sense at all. And they come from the middle of the screen. What the hell?
Oh, you can play In the Groove. I would, I would play In the Groove for 3 days straight
before I would ever touch that other game. Yes, Angel? You look like you have a comment.
I feel a little scared, because you were just talking about the whole Mario thing, and what
shirt am I wearing? Oops! There you go, you're in the mood, you're being festive. Alright.
I'm wearing my DDR freak shirt.
Yay!
Wow.
Oh, now if you two merged your shirts, you'd have this new game.
Very true, in a weird sort of way, yeah.
Scary.
The working title of this game is Dance Dance Revolution with Mario.
Konami and Nintendo are co-publishing the title, whatever that means.
Supposedly it's going to have a two player mode and there will be a dance mat that comes
with the game so we won't have to worry about.
But you know that Red Octane's gonna put out a Red Octane 3.0 dance pad that'll have
Xbox, GameCube, and PlayStation outputs. You know that'll happen.
Uh, minigames. It looks like it's gonna come out summer of 2005 is when this game is
scheduled to come out.
Uh, we're gonna get the first peek at the game at the 2005 World Hobby Fair, and that
happens on Tokyo-
in Tokyo on January 16th.
So, by this time next week, we oughta know some more details on this game, so
we'll definitely pass it along to you as soon as we know all right any any wishes
you guys hope to see with this game the dance dance revolution with Mario game
anything on your wish list I want the the swimming music to be in there but do
do do do do do do do don't make me break out my cell phone I don't know how they
would um no no you don't have to be in there speaking of cell phones all right
meantime while she's digging for that angel wish list for this dead sets
revolution I was gonna say a remix of the water music myself but if we can't
have that and I guess the with a level two music the blue level after the first
The blue level.
No.
Here we go.
Yes!
Super Mario World!
Yay!
Can you really dance to that?
Yes.
And it really messed up straight away.
Sure.
It's kinda hard.
I want the campfire medley from Donkey Konga.
I love my phone.
It's a medley of all these campfire zones. That's pretty good quality.
Loki, your wishlist for Dance Dance Revolution with Mario.
That that be the only game they release on the GameCube for DDR.
Why you gotta hate? Why you being such a hater with this? I've gotta know.
It's gonna suck just like Donkey Konga.
I didn't think Donkey Konga sucked. There could have been more to-
Okay, we get the idea, Jimmy. Seriously, we get it.
I was wondering when you'd say something.
Donkey Kong, there could have been more to it, but, you know, it wasn't a bad game.
Yeah, it was. Whatever.
Alright.
My wish list, I want to see Princess Peach as a dancing character, and whenever the stage is over, she'll go,
Peach is the winner!
Dude, they should have Princess Peach in the Emi costume that was shown at the Ultramix 2 demo at E3 when Emi was all hoochified. They need that, but Princess Peach would be awesome.
Sigh. I can't wait to find out more information about this game. I actually think this game has the potential to be very cool because Nintendo, they've just got such classic songs and it's going to be so cute. It's probably going to be geared for kids and it'll probably end up being like Oh Ha DDR, but I don't care. Or Disney's Rave, Disney's Mix, whatever you call it.
By the way, we need more kiddie DDR.
We need to get them hooked young, like crack.
It starts with the cigarettes and they move on to crack before you know it they're all
on LSD and then it's like they have a DDR.
We get them hooked young, they move up to 2DX and then Dance Me Next and then before
you know it they're shaking their asses to deluxe on Pada Pada.
It's reminded me of that one, what was that one game that you guys kept talking about
like a long time ago?
Jungle Book or something?
Oh god, the game that got me a dance pad for the first time.
You had that tiny thing.
I did.
It was, okay.
And I had to bring you Third Mix to fix that.
This was, it was the very first US release of a dancing game.
This was out before Dance Dance Revolution USA.
And it was the Jungle Book Dance Game.
It was put out by, I don't remember what the game, it was Jungle Groove, yeah I think it
was called Jungle Groove.
And it actually came with a little dance mat, but the dance mat was made for like a five
year old.
But I bought it because I wanted a dance mat.
And it was this, I remember that Lou Bega was in it, because like he did a cover of
that song that went, I wanna walk like you, talk like you too.
Remember that song from the Jungle Book?
And that was like the big song you could unlock if you played it enough.
Loki, you're still giving EDS Evil's death stare over here.
Like I said before, this is why they do not need to make any more games for the GameCube
that feature DDR. Or, I know this was like for the Nintendo 64. It still sucked. It's
still a Nintendo game. It sucked. This game actually was a PlayStation. This was a PlayStation
game that I bought. It still sucked. And I remember that this was right when I was starting
to get into DDR, and I finally remember that Jamie and some other folks all came to my
apartment and Jamie actually brought a little plug a mod plug that would plug
into the back of the PlayStation the game killer the game killer and then she
bought a brought a copy of third mix and we played DDR third mix on my little
jungle book dance mat that's made for five-year-olds and I don't remember I
think it was lanky style was dancing a graduizic cyber funny stuff on that
little five-year-old dance pad memories finally the damn thing broke time ago
the down arrow broke on that thing after like a week this was what four years ago
a long time ago no it was winter when did I get into DDR winter of 2000 so I
think it was probably that January because I met everybody in September ish
yeah after no it was a little later because a guana girl night and get into
We first played DDR at the Rocky Ore Convention, it was October of 2000, and we found the Golf Land machine December of 2000.
That's when we really started to do it.
So it was early 2001 then?
It was early 2001.
When it was in the winter time.
I didn't even know we had machines in town until September of 2000.
When I would go play the 1.5.
Oh yes, and play Boom Boom Dollar over and over again.
You remember what the trick code was? I don't even remember what it was.
It was like left, left, down, down, right, right, or something. I don't remember.
No, it was the running steps.
Was it left, down, right, down, left?
Left, down, right, down, left.
I thought there was... you had to hit one of them twice.
No, it was... that was for Maniac.
Back in my day, you didn't get to just push the little button and be on Maniac steps.
You had to do the little...
We didn't have Vivid! We had... they were all one color and we liked it!
And it wasn't called Heavy, it was called Maniac, because you had to be one to play
on it.
And we had one paranoia mix!
Absolutely.
This was so bad.
Preach on.
Now I'm all in the mood for some nostalgic DDR music.
So I think we're going to take a break.
And when we come back from this break, more stuff, including tonight's cage match.
We're going to do a list list tonight at some point, and who knows what else.
So we'll be back after this, enjoy!
Tell me, why-y-y-y-y, you keep the pockets full of grim, grim dollars
I love you like the time
You're very hard, you speak like a young fella
Take me overnight
Boom, boom, boom, boom, something like a bubble
Boom, boom, boom, boom, back to your world
Boom, boom, boom, boom, pushing all the buttons
Oh
P.M.P. is a tab, tune chaos, don't ask if you can
I'm so hypnotized, P.M.P. is a tab, tune
P.M.P. is a tab, tune
You think what I said, if you didn't bring something
You don't sleep when I eat, you see stuff that might blossom
It don't take time for me to blow your mind
It take a second to reckon because you dumb and blossom
Just rap, but you a empty climber of the circus
P.M.P. is a tab, tune chaos, don't ask if you can
I'm so hypnotized, I know the pause and the loosen
Like a magician, he draws a rabbit out of the hat, son
I'm doing more like a 44th magnet, MC3, stop and don't listen
They try to imagine, just traveling the speed of light
Come on, make up, here we go Jumpin' and jumpin' and jumpin'
Everybody just jump over and down Feelin' like it's down
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
You know the thing I realized about that promo? What is Real Radio anymore these days, honestly?
Everyone's on the serious network. Maybe we should go on the serious network.
Seriously? I made it funny, I made it funny.
Oh! Woof woof!
Ugh...
Between...
Serious, he's a dog star.
Between...like...you know, typical...
Serious black.
FCC licensed black commercial corporate over the air radio.
And now you got satellite radio, internet radio and now podcasting.
There's so much radio these days.
You just fill your ears with oral pleasure.
Anyways...
Man's still trying to bring us down.
I know, I know.
I just...I'm having fun watching the chat room there over at
www.orangeonsradio.com, click on chat. They're just talking about the DDR Mario game and
just expectations. Some people are already saying, it's going to suck. Game's going to
suck. It's going to be horrible. Worst game ever. We shall see. We shall soon see. Somebody
was talking about, then somehow the chat in the chat room went on to playing DDR with
a light gun. Like I guess shooting out other people's arrows or something. I have no idea.
That would be kind of fun though if you could like, yee-haw, it would be like country dancing, where you dance and shoot. What the hell? That's funny.
Redneck Revolution.
Yeah, Redneck Revolution, I don't know. Yes, Angel?
Completely off-topic and has nothing to do with the money at all.
Oh, what isn't on this show?
The nail button in You Don't Know Jack where you just keep hitting the end button.
Oh, the screw?
Yes, there's a screw. That's right, that's key. That's right.
But, yeah, that's what it reminded me of when you said Light Gun and DDR Mario. There was no one going,
No!
Oh, boy. Alright. I hope this, you know, we don't know
for sure if DDR Mario is even going to come to America.
It's so far, you know, all the writings in Japanese, so, but I would...
Loki says no plans, but I say it's gotta happen.
They would be idiots not to port this to the US.
Not even that. All you need is freeloader. I know, but I don't even...
I want to play a US mix. Nintendo would be absolute morons to not bring this
game
to the US. Absolute morons.
Yeah. No, actually, no they wouldn't. Keep it far away from the states.
Far, far away. Stop hating. Don't hate.
Don't hate. Alright. We're going to get into the cage match here pretty shortly. However,
First, I want to allow the Loki here to give us an update on what's going on in the Sim world.
The Gravity Dark Sakura Burn Nation Mix, and Legend of Tack on there.
And he's also done some other cool songs, so go check those out on BomaniStyle, and if I'm nice, I might go and link them in the LiveJournal community for Orange Launch Radio, which you can find on LiveJournal.
I'm so glad you took the opportunity to hoard that out. Yes, check out our LiveJournal community. Just go to orangelaunchradio.com.
You're being immortalized in the sim file. That's rad.
And one of them is your song.
Yeah, I know.
And your name's on the background and everything. It's pretty cool.
God damn, I feel important.
So yeah, that's pretty much all that's happened other than that, you know,
DDRUK suffered a, I don't know, server crash.
But they say that they're pretty much done with the UltraMix 2 sim files
files, and they should be released in a week or so, I think. That's what I heard. Um, because
they were just finishing up the last bits of, uh, the beginner steps, and that was pretty
much all that was left. So those should be coming out soon, and, um, DDR Maniacs is still
down, and, yeah, I think that's pretty much it. So nothing really going on. Just a dead.
Everyone's still kinda coming off the holiday.
Angel.
Yeah, I can talk. Okay, my bad.
Um...
Actually, that new skin thing, the technofeen skin,
the third one,
uh...
Mikey and I, uh, Big Red Pimp in the chat room,
uh... we decided to
try playing that online mode this week. That was pretty weird.
He kicked my butt twice. How does that work? I haven't really tried the online mode.
You have to like... Is it laggy? No. Oh really?
No. It's pretty good.
You like have to have a...
You have to put your own IP in it and then you set up the server that way.
And then when people try to connect to it they just put in your IP and then
it just works from there. It's pretty cool.
There is a front end for all this, just so people know. It's out there.
I can't remember the website but there is a front end and
actual community base are at it so if you search you'll find it yeah it's in
options just go down to network and then yeah it's pretty a self-explanatory from
there all right uh if that's it for the sim news then I think we're gonna have
ourselves a cage match how's that sound all right let's have a cage match last
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage match, Loki put in the most panned song ever in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage match, getting a zero from every single person in the room, including himself.
Will he have his revenge this week? We shall soon see.
The chat room pick is now out because it got bumped out last week by Jamie's pick, which is a little song called Joe La Taxi, and who knew that anybody liked anything French?
But our chat room apparently dug it.
I feel like it's French as sung by a Japanese girl.
Yeah, it's a cute song. I'm kind of glad it won. It was a cute one.
I like it.
And since the chat room choice is out, that option may come back in a later week, but
not tonight.
I'm coming back in with a choice of my own, and we shall see.
And I've decided just now, after seeing what all the songs are in Cage Match tonight, I've
decided just now, I took a poll in the room about which song they wanted to see me put
in Cage Match tonight, and I've decided to go against that, and do what I feel like doing.
Well, I took a poll too to see what song I should put in Cage Match, and you picked this one, so...
Ah! I laugh.
Very interesting. All right, let's start off with a clip of last week's under...
Oh yes, a reminder on the way to Cage Match works.
It used to be songs that we think would be good in a DDR or other Bomani game,
but now it's just kind of turned into whatever's cool.
Three songs, each host picks a song, puts it in the Cage Match.
You guys in the chat room, you have to be in the chat room to participate, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on the chat.
You guys in the chat room, vote for your favorite, and your favorite goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's 24 hour day, 7 days a week, Bimani Music & More program.
So let's have it. First you get a clip of last week's winner, because you've already been hearing it all week long. Here it is.
this is and this is a long name I'm only gonna say it once
this is Aria Posey with Joe Lataxi the Jan Wayne remix radio cut
its last week's winner
Jola Taxi for short. Enjoy.
If people keep me, don't I care?
La msica ajo, se la rumba
Le je roc o mambo
Alright though, song number one, and I'm only going to read this one more time because somebody missed the name. Pay attention.
Oria Posey with Joe LaTaxi, the Jan Wayne remix radio cut. There you go. Let's move into song number two.
Song number two is Loki's pick tonight. What did you pick, Loki?
Well, everyone in the studio here voted for the Wild Card song, and guess what, you see, last week I put in a song by a group called ProdigyRemix.com, that's the Girls IDIOTECH remix.
Well, you didn't like that too much, so you know what, I said, fuck it, I don't give a shit what you like, so you know what, I put in the original, so fucking, you get Girls again.
And if I can find a goddamn another remix of this song I will put it in next week too. So suck it. Here's girls
Song number two, Prodigy with Girls. Enjoy.
All about the world, tell us what it's like to fall in love
All around the world, still don't know where I'll be, don't know since you're here with me
It wouldn't be to be us if I'm making cash money
Going to all around the world to tell stories of that
All the young love for sure
All the fun making cash money
Out of the bag
We need glass, we need glass We need glass, we need glass
Jamie, your thoughts?
I guess it didn't make it on the air, so that last ehhhhh part, I'm like, if you'd like
to make a phone call, please sing us and try again, or deposit 25 cents.
actually like that one a whole lot better but it has some annoying parts so
it gets like a six all right six not a zero six from Jamie I'm actually
surprised six from Jamie angel I'm gonna be nice and give it a four it wasn't as
bad as last week so whatever yeah I know shit angel gives everything like a nine
or a ten and she gave that a four that's not nice it's better than zero yeah you
you got a point all right loki it gets a girls because i want everyone every time to hear the
word girls to think of this song and it will be foreverly imprinted on your brain you'll never be
able to forget the song no matter how bad it sucks it will just stick with you like the goddamn ketchup
song and milkshake song it's just gonna it's just everybody's gonna hear girls and just think of
of that, so it's going to be brainwashed into your head. Anyways, I give it a hundred, because
it's awesome. Because I just, the agony of the chatroom felt as well, worth that one
hundred. And it looks like we lost only twenty percent of our listeners this week during
that song. Good job. My thoughts, let's see. If you were to take a pile of dog shit, and
you put it in a nice shoebox and you put that shoebox in nice wrapping and then you paint
it with glitter and then you tie it up a nice little bow and then you put a little ribbon
on it and it's a little sparkling and then you put you know you plate it in gold and
then you cover it in money you still have dog shit but it wasn't as bad as last week
so I give it a one that's more like a dog fart all right but it doesn't matter what
we think it matters what you guys think so we will soon see but it's my turn
here it is my song and I asked the chat room what they are I'm sorry I asked the
studio what they wanted to hear if they wanted to hear a former Spice Girl but
and that's the one they chose but I decided you know what I'm gonna go with
this one I cannot let Prodigy win so I've got to bring out the big guns and I
truly think this is the better song it's when I've been listening into my car all
week it's a group called flower power is the name of the group and they have a
guest singer on this one it's Danny Minow no yes yes again another Mario
reference please kill me here we go this is Danny Minow I'm sorry it's flower
Power Power featuring Danny Minow with a song called, You Won't Forget About Me. Enjoy.
I'm not nothing that I will remember
I'll never feel the same again
I'm not nothing that I will remember
Living the dream
I'm breathing light and deep
Let it go
I'm not nothing that I will remember
Couldn't know Yeah, so good to know about you
Won't you give it to me?
So if you can't love me, then why would you leave.
I'm going to let you all over you.
If you can't love me, I promise you this.
I'm going to have you near me.
When you can't love me, I'll hear the music of wonderland.
I need a mystery, I'm breathing in deep Then I hear you say, as you drift away
And it's good to know, it's good to know, that I'm here
Won't you come at me, it's gonna be you
It's gonna be you, I'm not the kind of me
I promise you this, I'm not the kind of you
Won't you come at me, it's gonna be you
As long as you love me, you won't forget about me
I promise you this, as long as you love me, you won't forget about me
Ooh, ooh...
Yeah, ooh, ooh...
Yeah, ooh, ooh...
I'm here in the trees
When I'm breathing empty
Want it all on repeat
They don't want you not to accept you know that you
Won't you come with me?
You and me, yeah
Let's go every day, yeah
Won't you come with me?
I promise you this
I'll come after you, yeah
Won't you come with me?
You and me, yeah
Let's go every day, yeah
Won't you give it to me? I promise you this
If I let you in, you
You got a little bit of my next song in there.
That's for next week.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
That was Danny Minnow with You Won't Forget About Me.
Let's see if we won't be able to forget that song or if we'd rather would forget it.
Jamie.
It wasn't bad.
It didn't suck.
Angel!
Ow. Um...
It's Danny. Um...
Nine.
Loki!
I forgot about the song.
I'm sorry, Danny Minogue sucks.
It's just a fucking clone of Kylie Minogue.
So, you know what?
I don't like it. I'm sorry, it's a four.
I like that song because it's very disco,
and it has a very catchy hook,
and I don't care if you didn't like it tonight,
chat room didn't you won't be able to forget that song come tomorrow you'll be
thinking about that hook I promise you this I promise you we'll see and we'll
see what they remember come tomorrow alright guys it's time to vote but after
this quick recap of the songs you can vote for tonight song number one
Joe LaTaxi
Song number two, Prodigy with Girls
and song number three you can vote for tonight is
Flower Power featuring Danny Minogue, You Won't Forget About Me.
Place, vote, now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote for
either song number one,
song number two, or song number three.
Come to think of it, don't vote for song number two, please. Alright.
Oh wait, I gotta be impartial. My bad, my bad.
Alright. So.
What now? Yes, Loki. And if this doesn't win,
I have more girls to go in for next week.
Jamie, we need to institute some new rule against that.
Jamie, help me come up with a rule so Loki cannot put in another remix of Girls next week.
If he loses. Um, the other veto power.
The veto power? The veto power. Alright, veto power's in.
Yep, yep. And let's take a vote. Who votes that we do the veto power next week?
And who votes we don't do the veto power next week?
Two against one, Loki loses. Oh shit! It sucks to be you.
Although I actually kind of liked the original.
The original. To Loki's credit, the original wasn't as bad as
the one last week. But it was still pretty bad.
I just, we've got to encourage Loki to expand his horizons.
But then he's just going to go and put echo image in or something.
We'll see. Oh, and look at the chatroom.
They're all raising their hand as well. Too bad they don't get a vote. Alright.
We'll see what happens. What? They get a vote?
Yeah, they get their vote right now. They're voting for their favorite song. Either
Jola Taxi or Girls or Danny. We'll see.
Moving on, what else is going on in the, uh, gaming world right now?
You talked about that you'd actually played some Bomani this week, Jamie?
Just 2DX. Just 2DX? Oh, I thought you actually had gone out to the arcade or something.
No. Oh. My bad. I haven't had time.
You know, I, I want to go out to the arcade, but I'm just, I, I can't, I can't get my...
motivation. I've actually been tempted to redownload
the BM98. Why is that? Just because I miss it.
It's so fun.
What was so great about it? Just the fact that you could... It was the Metal Gear song, but it had the
whole first level of Metal Gear.
Alright.
I need to go out to the arcade sometime this week and play some DDR. We should have like a DDR
night or something.
I know, I know.
Alright, well
Gee, I guess we're going to take a break and when we come back from the break we'll
We'll find out who won Cage Match and we will have ourselves a list list for this evening,
so be thinking about that.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
The tonight's list list topic is, game we most would like to see, I'm sorry, video game
we would most like to see in 2005.
Now that doesn't mean it has to actually be a game that has been announced, although it
could be.
You could make something up, but just video game I most want to see so I can buy it in
2005.
That's tonight's topic.
When we come back from this break of music featuring songs from DDR Solo, because I just
want an excuse to play Temple of Love.
So we'll be back after this. Enjoy.
Don't forget, vote on tonight's cage match.
Come to the capital of love in your heart Make some joy and the death is my sorrow
Sex is all the power helping you through the midnight hour
And the secret of love and peace, soul and heart, it will release
So, for your head of prey, it's gonna take your fear away
Flyin' like a snow adult, out of the temple of love
Come into the temple of love
And together we'll pray to the heavens above
Come into the temple of love
Dream a dream, no but not just a dream If you wanna go for free, boy you're makin' me scream
Ooh la la la la la la
Take me any way you please, boy you're makin' me scream
Ooh la la la la la
You gotta dream a little dream
This it take us different ways
Don't give a fuck to me
Don't try to stop me
Don't wait up and go
Yo, don't block me, don't be, just block me
Don't try to stop me, don't wait up and go
Don't block me
Crop it like a nut, crack a crush is a nut
Sizzle survivor for my rifle when I'm on the cut
After end your memory, I like to say to you first
I done you like Gatorade when I'm quitching my dirt
I'm the back of the ladder and you're the stable
I'll catch you like my DJ cuts a record on the table
I wanna rock, get off the battleground
You're no map, swear to God, I'll talk and beat you down
Crack a sword, I'll put you in a muzzle
I'll break you in pieces like a jigsaw puzzle
I'll ring your rimes, and I'll murder your style.
I'm the one doing the saying, yeah you're on trial.
I'm conducting.
I'm rainin when it all in place.
Form a line such as this so you can bleed your key.
I want to rock, rock!
Rock.
Get it.
Rock.
Run.
Don't beat.
Just rock me.
Don't try to stop me.
Don't wait up.
And yo, don't clock me to beat.
Just rock me.
Don't try to stop me.
Yo.
Don't try to climb in.
gaming radio, so uncensored
that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back
here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Tom Brokaw, our buddy. We miss him already, don't we? That other guy is not quite as cool.
Alright, you guys ready to hear who won tonight's cage match?
Alright. I'll tell you what guys, it was a landslide vote.
Every song got a couple of votes, but tonight's winner was an absolute landslide.
Getting twice as many votes as the other two songs combined.
What do you think? What do you think? All that being said, who do you think won it?
Loki says my song. What do you think, Jamie?
I think I don't care. I think you don't care. What do you think, Loki?
Yeah, just kidding angel, what do you think I already know so I can't say I
Guess I'll say
Guys these that are toss-up between jammies or yours. All right. Well, let's see. It's nice cage match winner is
Don't look taxi
I
Actually kind of thought that it would be yours blew the other two songs out of the freaking water
I got two more where that came from, baby.
Well, thank you, chatroom. You really love me.
Alright. Actually, I'm not so sure if it's that they love you as they hated the other two songs.
Well, I know. Your song was kind of cool. I liked it.
Alright. Alright, so, Joel attacks. He wins it two weeks in a row.
Alright. Loki's going to keep trying, though. He wants to put girls up again next week,
so we'll see what happens. I'm going to tell you, you're going to keep losing, too.
next yet another week I don't have to pick a song thank you everybody then
next week we haven't had a two-week winner since well Gwen Stefani wasn't
that long ago I suppose how was the last song we had to retire all right all
right all right let's get into tonight's list list now let's explain the way
list list works because I know a lot of you guys are new to orange lounge radio
whether it be through the DER freak repeats which are on Friday nights at
6 o'clock if you ever miss this show by the way on DDR Freak Radio or through
the podcast so it's very possible you haven't heard list list before basically
what we do is we are making a definitive list through our own process each host
and guest nominates three songs that should be on the list and then we go
around and we each eliminate one song and then you guys in the chat room vote
and we come up with the definitive list. So tonight's list is going to be video
game you most want to see in 2005. And this can be something that's already
been announced. This could be something that you just are have a dream about. It
could be just about anything. We're really not setting any limits on this. So let's
see what everybody comes up with. But in order to do listless properly, we have to
bring in our game show announcer and our game show music. So you guys ready to do
some listless what sure what was that nothing all right here we go let's bring
in our game show announcer
That's right everybody, it's time to play listless!
Remember in order to participate in the listless segment, you have to be in our chat room!
www.orangelandradio.com
Tonight, we're going to come up with the definitive list
for a video game we most want to see in 2005.
Helping us come up with tonight's list,
say hello to Dark Seppra.
Hi.
And say hello to the inventor of Rice-a-roni, Loki.
No.
Also helping us out, say hello to TDR Angel!
Hello.
And say hello to Sky!
Hi.
Hey, Mr. Announcer!
Yes, Dark Sacra!
Did you ever get this shoe removed from your butt?
I have no idea what you're talking about!
Ow.
Alright, let's get this started.
Who's going to start us off tonight with tonight's list?
We're going to start off with, oh, I better get a program open so I can start transcribing
the list.
I'm just, I'm not ready for tonight's segment, what can I say?
I'm never prepared.
All right, let's see, who wants to start us off?
Jamie.
Why the hell not?
You always start off these segments, so why not?
Why the hell not?
You're number three pick.
Pimp My Ride the Game.
After all, you know, and all of those racing games they have where you can customize your
car and everything. They just need a game of nothing but that because that's the most
fun. Pimp my ride the game. Pimp my ride the game. That's pretty creative. I got to give
that to you. That's good. All right. Loki, your number three pick. This one just came
to me now. It's just like an epiphany. This one is going to have similar game play to...
Oh, I got to get the giggles out. Calm. Okay. It's going to have similar game play to Katamari
Dimashii. I think it'd be very popular because everybody, you know, has these. They can identify
with them. It's roll my SUV the game. Cause you know, those SUVs, they like the roll.
I don't get it or something. Can you explain the joke please for the mentally challenged
such as myself? Giant fucking vehicles that have no point in being on a roll.
On a road, okay, and people drive them out around like they're race cars, and well, since they have a high center of balance, they tend to roll.
Like, as in flip over, as in crash, explode, people die.
Sounds like Burnout 3.
Sounds like Driver 3. Angel, your number 3 pick, please.
Okay, I was going to say Actraiser DS, just because I was being serious, but I think I need to steal K-Dash's suggestion, which was DDR Demashi.
Because it sounded funny.
And how exactly does DDR Demashi work?
I have no idea, but it sounded funny at the time, so you know what, he gets a cookie for that one.
Alright, fair enough. My number three pick, I actually went with a serious one, heaven forbid.
This is a game that has needed to come out for about the past ten years. Kid Icarus 2005.
Holy shit, yeah.
I seriously, seriously don't get it.
Nintendo has this character, many people still know this character and love this
character,
and yet this character is yet to turn up in any type of Super Smash Brothers game
or anything.
What the hell? They could do a kick-ass game with Kid Icarus.
Maybe the next Animal Crossing? I don't know, we'll see.
We will see what happens. Alright, moving on.
Number two pick time. Jamie, your number two pick please. The Sims, Sims in the Hood.
The Sims, Sims in the Hood. But I'm not meaning like the herbs. Okay, yeah. I mean
like we have ghetto Sims that have to go, you know, pick up their cheese. I need to
like have like realistic. And I'm gonna spell that Sims with a Z. Oh, I did too.
Okay, good. Alright. Sims into hood.
Uh, Loki, your number two pick, please.
This one's a request by Nellie. She wants the girl game.
Much like the guy game, but, you know, no breasts and more
cock shots. You know, funny you should mention this, because
something similar is going to come up on my list, but we'll see. Uh, Angel, your number
two pick. You know, I was just looking at the poster over there and I just had to giggle it myself
because I just picked something completely at random except I don't know if I want to
call it one thing or the other. Okay, I was either going to say Kill Bill Online or something
just because I was just being completely random.
So, Kill Bill the game or Kill Bill Online?
Oops.
Uh-oh.
She took my number one.
I'm sorry.
Oh, no. All right.
I have to think of something new now. I had Kill Bill the RPG. That would have been cooler.
See? You still would have gotten props from me.
So, do you want Kill Bill the RPG, Angel?
Yeah.
and she just stole Jamie's just like that. What a bitch. I hate you. Alright. My number two pick is
another serious one, heaven forbid. I would like to see a true sequel to
Castlevania Symphony of the Night and I'm not talking those 3D bullshit. I want
a 2D, beautiful, I don't care what they do, I want a 2D Castlevania game that
just fucking sleeps with me, it's that good. So I'm gonna call it Castlevania Symphony
of the Night 2. Um, then, actually, and now it's for the DC. Yes. Then that is the game
I'm most, no, okay, then I'm gonna be specific. On PS2, I'm sick of this handheld bullshit.
I want one on a console. Well, put it on a good system and put it on the Xbox. I don't...
So it'll actually look good.
I don't give a shit. I just want it... I don't want it on a
freakin' handheld. I want it
on the big TV so I can turn up the speakers
and blast the shit out of the Castlevania music.
Anyway, moving on.
Uh...
Jamie, did you manage to find a new number one?
Yeah, I guess so. Okay, what is your new number one?
Console Ragnarok Online.
Fully customizable.
Ragnarok Online to your console. Beautiful.
Angel, you're number one.
You don't have one yet. Oh, sorry. Loki, you're number one.
Oh, man. Um...
Let's see. What would be a good game?
I know, I know, I know.
Well, let's... No, actually, that's gonna suck. Um...
You know what?
Goddammit.
How about this? This is gonna be my game. It's called Get Off Your Ass and Get a Job,
of the game
this will teach those fat fuckers that play games all the time to fucking get off their ass
go outside and get a job and provide for your family
it's not about leveling your fucking character it's about getting a god damn job
that's what it's about
seriously who gives a shit if you're a level fifty monk
you need to be earning some fucking cash
cuz you gotta have you're gonna have a family out there just because you can
play dragon to the me can fucking provide
to get a fucking job that's it
get out and get a job the game
lovely
all right
don't write
alive i wrote it down as get out and get a job you want to get out and get a
fucking job
there are plenty of you would like a job biking thank you
now the e s r b may have problems with this
That's why they'll put it out on Xbox.
And, Angel, for those that may not know, what is Happy Bunny?
What is Happy Bunny?
My personal avatar.
Let Jamie do it, cause Jamie's cooler.
Jamie?
Um, I believe that my favorite Happy Bunny line is this cute little bunny, you see, that's
looking all happy, all sweet, and everything.
My favorite one is, school prepares you for the real world, which also sucks.
you know my other favorite one is you icky people are nice but you gotta go
don't you think that happy bunny sold out a little bit thanks to hot topic a
little bit happy bunny still cool all right all right and the last one is my
number one pick and it's very similar to one that Loki put in earlier but I had a
different idea you guys know the guy game right well we need a game that
caters to the other percentage of the male population the gay guy game and
and that is my number one pick. Alright.
Now it's time for the elimination round.
Let's read the list that we have so far. Each host will have to eliminate
one song forever off of this list. Here we go. We have...
Not a song. What? Not a song.
No, you're right. It's not a song. It's an item from the list. Here we go.
Number one. I'm sorry, not number one, but
first item on the list. Pimp My Ride, the game.
Roll My SUV, the game. DDR Dimashii.
Kid Icarus, 2005. The Sims,
Sims and the Hood, the girl game. Kill Bill, the RPG.
Castlevania Symphony of the Night 2, console please.
Console Ragnarok Online. Get Up Off Your Ass and Get a Fucking Job, the game.
Happy Bunny Kills Everything, and the Gay Guy game.
Alright, Jamie, you get the first elimination. What's coming off the list?
Umm...
I think that I'm going to have to kick
off...
Goddamn.
Get off your ass and get a fucking job at the game. Really?
Oh, I would have thought this would have been your anthem.
defeating the purpose. You could play about getting a fucking job, you could go get a
fucking job. Alright. So, yeah, defeat the purpose. Alright. Loki! Um, I'm gonna have
to take off, uh, Ragnarok Online, the console game, cause that game sucks, and doesn't deserve
to be on console. It's made by Koreans, there's, you know... Well, the same can be said about
Final Fantasy XI, which also sucks. Yeah, but that's on a console already. D'oh! Yeah,
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight. Ooh, take it outside, let's put it on webcam. Kick the shit out of each other.
I don't go on webcam and I would win.
Alright. Angel, your turn. One's gotta go.
Umm, I was gonna pick my own, but never mind. I'll just do roll my SUV the game.
Sorry, Loki.
Roll my SUV the game. You know what, I was looking at that one too because I didn't get the joke either.
uh and I'm gonna I know I get it I I will eliminate DDR Dimashii with respect
to our chat room because I know it was their idea but I'm just not sure how to
spell Dimashii and I'm not gonna make an ass out of myself it's okay Rob all
right so we have a final list here and you guys get to place your vote let's
bring back our own version of Don Pardo to read the choices you have to pick
from that's right here are the choices that you get to vote from tonight for
video game you most want to see in 2005 pimp my ride the game kidding Icarus
2005 the Sims Sims into hood the girl game kill bill the RPG Castlevania
Symphony of the Night 2, Happy Bunny Kills Everything, and The Gay Guy Game.
Alright, thank you for playing. Alright, yes the way it works is that you guys get
to vote. I've posted the list there in the chat room. Send a private message to
me with your vote and we will tally them up during the break and let you know the
definitive list. That's me pounding my fist on the desk. The definitive list.
Alright, when we come back from this break, I'm going to open up the Skype
line because some folks have indicated they want to call in and talk to us, so I
will indulge that want and allow folks to call in. And we'll also get into, what
else, what else were we gonna do? Oh, we have to do the FUs of the week, but don't
send those in just yet I want votes for listless first and then I don't know
we'll see what else but we're going to let you guys call in the skype line
when we come back about whatever you want if you don't know what the skype
line is all about www.orangesonsrated.com click on interact with us meanwhile
we're gonna go to a break featuring utter randomness from Bemani we'll be
back.
I should never fail to make some change
But not so late, a thousand years since I was raised
To emulate the storm in the middle of the dark
And I'm raised up for love, love
Love, love, love
Simply being loved
Love, love
Simply being loved, loved, loved
Simply being loved, loved, loved
It seems they being loved...
Loved, loved
More than enough
Yeah yeah
Seems they being loved
Yeah yeah
Seems they being loved
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
horse
Yeah
Yeah
Since they being loved
Yeah
Seems they being loved
It's more than enough Simply being loved
It's more than enough Simply being loved
Is more than enough, yeah
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Wow, he's quite a personality.
Close your eyes, close your eyes and let us fly You and I, together we can touch the sky
I was walking down the street
You came like a summer breeze
Sweeping my breath away
It doesn't happen every day
You and I together in the sky
Forever young we can never die
Close your eyes and let us fly
You and I
Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes
Close your eyes
Close your eyes and let us fly
You and I, you and I Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes, close your eyes Close your eyes and let us fly
You and I, you and I Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes, close your eyes, close your eyes and let us fly.
You and I, you and I, together we can touch the sky.
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting
as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and we're about ready to reveal the winners of
tonight's list list, the definitive list of games we most want to see in 2005. It's very
funny though because the chat room was just going off on these ideas about Orange Lounge
Radio the game. Phoenix in the chat room says, Orange Lounge Radio the game, you could be
one of the broadcasters and then if Loki says something retarded or votes for a bad song,
You would probably be shot with an RPG or a large rifle, failure to do so will cause
you to lose.
Hey, I like that idea.
And let's see, what else is it?
Jaded2005 says, make it an RPG where you guide the Orange Lawns Radio guys to the studio
before the show starts.
K-Dash says, make sure they get there before 6.
Ha!
More like real life, make it before they get here by 6.32 because that's about what time
they usually get here.
BlackDevilerX says, OrangeOnsRadio the game definitely belongs on the Playstation 2. Yes, so we can be badly anti-aliased just like all the rest of the games on PS2, that'd be great. We could look very pixelated on the edges, be hot. Can't wait.
DarkSakura, what do you think of OrangeOnsRadio the game?
What do you think of wedding kimonos?
I don't care, get with the show!
Um, I think that I would have to go around with hammers hitting people in the head with them in the game.
Love you. Okay, you can go back to the wedding talk now. Girl talk. With the silent Nelly. Angel?
Does that mean I can kill everybody with halos? Oops, did I say that? And stuff. Yeah, I'm not funny. Okay, bye.
Alright, let's get into tonight's winners from Listless.
Alright, and now it's time to reveal the top three games we most want to see in 2005.
Number three, Kid Icarus 2005.
number two happy bunny kills everything and the number one game we most want to
see in 2005 kill bill the RPG I can have credit for that you know you should you
should there it is the definitive list as pissed off as the chat room is that I
took off DDR Dimashii and they're saying this guy's an idiot if you can't spell
Dimashii he's an idiot for taking us off the list you idiot well you know what I
just didn't get it sorry Dimashii 2 coming out this year so shut
up exactly you're getting katamari Dimashii 2 so shut up all right as I
promised we're gonna go over and open up the skype line so if you want to call in
on the skype line we will basically take your calls about just about anything www.orangeloungeradio.com
and click on interact with us and look the chat room's going off again it says you didn't
get it what's wrong with you i think they're just making fun of me i don't know all right
let's see we're gonna take a call hello you are on orange lounge radio hello sky it's
It's El Mullet again.
Hello, El Mullet!
How are you, my friend?
I am doing good, Sky.
How about yourself?
Good.
Long time no talk?
Yeah, long time no listen.
I've just got...
As with most people, it's all right.
I take my sabbaticals from things every now and then.
It's okay.
It's all right.
Well, what's new in the El Mullet world?
Well, in the El Mullet world, I've recently restarted Encore Extra Stage.
You will be receiving your weekly plug, as always.
and I've been I've actually
gone a bit mainstream I can't stop playing Grand Theft Auto 3
I mean San Andreas for some reason. Because you like the n-word because
that's about the only reason I can see to keep playing that game
No, I'm kidding. Yes, the n-word is funny. I can't quote half the game.
Alright. Loki, you were playing San Andreas for a while but you stopped. What happened, Loki?
Oh, fancy. Exactly.
In all seriousness, what is it about San Andreas that's drawing you to that game?
I really don't know what it is.
I mean, for some reason, I like the Grand Theft Auto formula.
I like the basic gameplay about it.
And this one actually has a good story that goes along with it.
It's a very compelling one.
It relies mostly on gang warfare than mob warfare.
and the story is pretty well done you know what I like about the Grand Theft
Auto games is the fact that you can kinda just go around
anywhere and do anything you don't really have to go and follow on the
story if you want
I mean sure it'll open up new areas new stuff but hell put in the cheat codes
you can do whatever the hell you want and you can start blown away people with
rockets and start running from the police
that's my favorite part of the game is running away from the police
me personally so what did you think of the list there that we came up with
I liked it. I liked the list. Kid Icarus made it on there.
Any particular game you think should have been on the list that wasn't?
Can't really think of any one specifically.
Alright. I had Beatmania 2DX USA on there because I do think that they should come out with the 2DX USA.
Truthfully, it looks as though an American release of a 2DX or something along those lines is a bit more realized than it would be, say, like a year ago,
because all of a sudden we see all these music games coming out in the U.S. with their various controllers.
We have a Donkey Konga, we have Taiko and Otatsujin, and it seems as though if these things are really taking off,
of Konami more incentive to look into porting some of their other Bimani over here?
I hope so. I hope it's being incentive for them. I guess we'll find out. I'm hoping that
we're in for a treat at E3 this year, but I'm not going to hold my breath either. I'm
expecting to see Karaoke Revolution 4, Extreme 2, and Ultramix 3, which honestly wouldn't
be a bad lineup, don't get me wrong. I mean, they have to do an Ultramix 3. Have to. No
choice. As far as I'm concerned.
Ultramix 2 is the best, do you?
I highly agree. So you were mentioning your column which is Encore Extra Stage. I will
give you a chance to plug it since you plug us so kindly in your column. Let the listeners
know where they can read your column. Go to www.insidepulse.com or to go directly
to my section, games.insidepulse.com. I have a Friday column, Encore Extra Stage. It's
It's numbered and everything, and it's a pretty good read.
Pretty good read indeed.
It's a mediocre read.
No, I'm kidding.
It's a very good read.
It's good.
Thank you, Sky.
It does compliment you.
Any time.
Any time.
It's okay.
I mean, I guess if I'm done looking at porn, it's something I can go look at, you know,
while I'm kind of coming down.
That's the majority of my fan base, some stick-a-fingered porn watchers.
Hey, same thing.
Hey, you know what?
people that listen to this show while looking at porn, so, you know?
I don't know how people could listen to this show while looking at porn, because I think
listening to this show would just be...
I can just see them, all of a sudden, Moki's face appearing on a girl's body, ugh.
Alright, what else was I going to say?
Over on Inside Pulse, you guys do a lot of game reviews, right?
Not just you, but the other folks over there, right?
Oh yeah.
And so, did you guys do any sort of top 2004 list?
We did a 2004 awards segment, actually.
And what was the best game of 2004?
Best game of 2004, give me a second, let me look it up, it's been a tiny bit since I started.
How about you personally, while you're looking?
Me personally, I guess it would be a tie in between Katamari Damacy and Pokemon FireRed
LeafGreen.
Really?
You liked Pokemon that much, huh?
I'm a Pokemon fan.
To be brutally honest with you, I've been a fan since the Red-Blue days.
It's a very engrossing game.
I love the fact that it's freeform after you go through all the main quests.
I thought it was good, but I don't know if I could name it best in 2004, but to each
To each their own. To each their own.
Loki.
I have my nomination for best of 2004.
Actually, I guess it would be kind of best of 2005.
But start in 2004.
It would be Gary's Mod, version 5 for Half-Life 2.
Why? Why?
Because you can pose people and make funny pictures.
For instance, they have...
And you can find this all at www.gary.tv slash Gary's Mod.
Oh, the one with the baby launcher.
Yes, exactly. It says you can string up a Combine soldier and fire dead babies at him.
And there's the dead babies. And there's also one that says position rag dolls so they look like they've had a baby.
It's just so much fun. This is like, this is what we need.
Only you would vote for the game with the dead baby launcher.
I'd vote for the game with the dead baby launcher. That's pretty cool.
Post that link in our chat if you can.
Alright, alright, alright.
I'm sorry Mullet, we forgot all about you.
And that game that you guys were looking at there?
Best of 2004 according to the Inside Pulse folks.
Inside Pulse it was Katamari Damacy.
I'm not surprised.
With GTA SA following up his runner up.
I'm also not surprised.
Now wait, I'm kind of surprised that Halo 2 isn't mentioned there somewhere,
but you're a very anti-Halo kind of guy if I remember right, right?
Yeah, mostly because of the fucking hype.
The hype killed the game.
It was a lot of hype. You know what's funny though?
You and I think DDR Angel are the only people on my Xbox Live friends list that don't have the game.
Or at least don't have a character registered.
Wait, what?
I don't get a logo that loads for you guys.
Uh, Halo 2. You don't have it, right Angel?
I don't have Halo 2 yet.
Exactly.
I don't even play it, but I have a character made for...
I just think it's kind of interesting. What about the hype ruin the game?
Just the fact that, you know, is the overnight people waiting out in line, or just the...
Oh, not even that. We're talking about a year ago, it was named best game on the Xbox without anybody playing it.
Yeah. You know, I'll tell you what bugged me about Halo 2 was the fact, I mean, I love Halo 2.
It's an awesome game. Me personally, I love it. I do agree the hype was a little bit much.
here's my biggest problem with Halo 2. It was Halo 1 with Xbox Live and a kind of better
story mode, a more theatric story mode. No way, it had the flying things. But Halo 1
had the warthog? But the flying things are cool because if you get the flying things
into areas you're not supposed to have them, then you can run around on top of buildings
and explore. While it had more, it didn't have that much more. That was my complaint.
And, and, and, and, and, and. It had the, um, the, uh, Arbiter.
With his Inviso armor.
No, I don't want the Halo fans sending me a nasty gram going,
You faggot! Why don't you like the Halo games? What is wrong with you?
Okay, I bought Halo. I like Halo. Like! Like! I just don't love it.
The Arbiter's level, though, is really aggravating, because you don't know who you're trying to kill.
Because they're all freakin' Covenant guys.
I know. It's confusing.
And then I get motion sick.
Any other thoughts, Mullet, on gaming? What's going on right now or anything in general?
Well, actually, going on to, like, gaming cults and people emailing you going,
You're an idiot if you don't like this, that, and the other thing.
I got my first In The Groove fanboy email.
Ooh, goodie! I haven't gotten any of those yet.
Rob at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
In The Groove is not that great. Send your emails away, okay? There you go. I said it.
I personally can't comment on the game because there is no machine within the 500 mile radius of my house.
Yikes.
But the guy emails my cookie column, which I wrote five months ago, and takes it completely out of context.
Oh boy, you think they'd put in Moonlight Shadow because of your suggestion? You are selfish. In The Groove rocks.
Are you going to respond to it in your next column?
I've already responded it to him and I'm gonna print it like up front and center in the
next column pretty much.
Can't wait! Can't wait. Silly fanboys.
Alright, but if you do want to send fanboy or fangirl mail to
Orange Lawns Radio, you can send it to either Rob at Orange Lawns Radio,
Jamie at Orange Lawns Radio, or Loki at Orange Lawns Radio. We all have
those addresses, so have fun. Alright.
Anything else you want to share, El Mullet, before I hang up on you?
I can go ahead and hang up now, no big deal.
All right. Have a good one, Mullet. Thanks for calling.
Good.
I cut him off. I'm so rude. I didn't mean to. I'm sorry.
All right, we're going to keep the Skype line open if anybody else wants to call in.
I had, as much as we enjoy El Mullet and talking to him on the show,
I had to let him go because I wanted to see if anybody else wanted to call.
I got to give other folks an opportunity here.
What are you looking at now? You're still on this Gary's Mod thing for Half-Life 2,
Life 2. Which, by the way, is a game I really want to play. I just haven't. I'm just, I
don't know. Loki. I'm working on acquiring it. I have my means. Anyways, the other thing
that I should note that was posted, Jason, you know, in our chat room there, he posted
a link to a port for Duke Nukem 3D for Windows. That's pretty sweet. But this Garry's Mod
things so cool because just people like make the weirdest things out of this like
they have one with a pole dancer which is great I don't even know why it's just so
funny or this one it's like look ma no hands is some guy riding the bike then
all of a sudden it's just like smack into a tree I mean just like funny shit but
this is the best part about it is you can make like your own webcomics just
doing little screen captures and putting stuff on there it's genius it's fun you
You know, it kind of reminds me of Duke Nukem 3D when you could make your own maps and you
could just have like the strippers out in the middle of the street just doing nothing
but just sitting there on the poles and you can blow them all away with rocket launches.
I've made some of the most kick-ass Duke Nukem 3D maps ever.
I'd spent like months on these maps and then like literally I'd run out of space because
in the build engine, which is the whole engine based around Duke Nukem 3D, you're given like
a limited amount of map that you can basically build in and I would
literally fill up everything just completely fill it up all right we're
gonna go back to the skyline cuz we actually got a phone call wait Jamie you
have a quick comment for you I'm just actually having a flashback to on
emulators the Metroid level builder oh a guy built his own version of Metroid
Metroid and the Zelda one too great so man people got too much free time get
out and get a job get a real huh all right all right I gotta go to the
collar cuz he's hanging here hi you're on orange lounge radio hey hey big red
pimp what's up what's on your mind I'm just thinking about all that first
person shooter crap you guys are talking over there all right what about the
first person shooter crap I think they that first person shooter players just
rank up there with people who post on forums there's scourge of the earth now
wait a minute you need to tell me there is not a single first-person shooter
game that you kind of like? I have not played a first person shooter that I have liked since
GoldenEye. Since GoldenEye. So at least there's one, okay? Yeah. And there's not a single
web forum out there you like either? No. After reading game facts, forget it. Okay, well
that I could go with. But, not even OrangeLawnsRadio.com forums? You make me sad. I don't, I'm not
much of a forum whore. Alright, well what do you do on the internet then? Because as
As far as I know, the internet is all about forum horror, live journal, and chat rooms
pretending to be people you're not.
You're forgetting the porn junkies, too.
Oh!
Shit!
How could I forget the porn junkies?
Alright.
So you, instead of posting on forums, you have amassed a collection of pornography?
No.
Oh.
No.
C'mon, Mikey, no.
I don't want...
What?
Well, then what is it you do on the internet?
Make fun of others.
Oh, okay.
That's pretty much the same thing as what forum posters do. Very similar.
Cousins. I don't know.
I have nothing better to do than rant anyway.
Alright. Well, ranting is for live journals. You should get one of those, uh...
I don't know, what? Live journal, or what are the other things? Zangas, or...
I don't know what the hell else there is. Blogger.
I rant enough in my live journal.
Oh, so you do have a live journal. So there you go. There's something for the internet.
Alright.
Alright, anything else you want to share with us, Big Red Pimp, before we hang up on you? Anything you want to plug?
Not really, except for the fact that Loki, the song should not be referenced as girls, because girls do not suck that badly, and I'm going to end it as that.
Loki is actually not in the room right now, but we'll relay the message to him.
Okay.
Alright, have a good one.
You too.
Bye.
Actually, I hope you heard it from the other room. That would be hilarious.
Okay, we'll keep the Skype line open for one more call, maybe, possibly. We'll see.
We'll see what happens there.
I'm just reading our chat room, some random folks there.
www.orangeandre.com, click on chat.
Jaded2005 says, first-person shooters are too much for me. People play that for like 15 hours straight.
I have seen people that play that stuff for 15 hours straight.
Me personally, I can play it a little bit. I like playing my friends, maybe in an hour-long
session on a weekend, but that's about it. I can't stand much more than that.
Alright, we're getting another call. Let's go back to the Skype line and say, hi, you're
on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, it's Misty.
Hi, Misty, how are you?
Hi, Misty. Doing good.
Aw, what's on your mind, Misty?
I just really wanted to say not all the torrents are porn.
I know not all the torrents out there are porn, but a good majority.
What kind of torrents do you like to download then, if it's not porn?
My main downloads are anime, of course.
I haven't been much in a torrent mode right now.
I know it's kind of, ever since Supernova went down it's been kind of hard to stay on
top of torrents.
I know that one thing I'm going to end up torrenting is probably the new season of 24,
which was on tonight and I completely forgot about it, so I'm going to have to download
the first episode.
It's not really into 24 yet.
I think it's a good show.
I kind of missed most of last season, but I think it's a good show.
What kind of anime do you download?
What kind of anime is good stuff out there right now on Torrid?
Last major thing I downloaded is the series called Psychic Academy.
It doesn't seem likely to get released in the US from what I've seen of the series.
Yeah, Loki, you coming?
No, I just wanted to hold the microphone.
Well, I thought maybe you had a question for Misty or something.
Anything you want to plug, Misty, while you're here on the air?
Don't really have anything to plug.
All right, well, fair enough. We just-
Download the Parappa anime.
Is that on?
I found it on anime-suki.com.
All right, download the Parappa torrent. You gotta let us know what you think.
All right, I will.
Alright. Hey, uhh, video game you're most looking forward to seeing in 2005?
Anything?
Uh, nothing I can really think of right now, but I haven't been paying much attention.
That's alright, it's hard to pay attention to this show sometimes.
I'm just messing with you. Thanks for calling in, Misty, you have a wonderful week.
You too. Bye-bye.
I like Misty, she's so sweet. She's always there for the show, she's always there in chat to say
to say when newbies come in throughout the week going,
is this Orange Louse Radio's chat room?
Misty's always there to say something hello or say, if she's around, she'll say,
No, you dumb shits, this is DDR.
That's what I'm going to say to the next one, no, you dumb shits, this is DDR Freak.
Although, ironically enough, this show's going to be played on DDR Freak Radio, so for some, anyway.
It's the Bimani Sims chat room.
This is Bimani style chat, actually.
Pimp my dance pad.
Yes, this is Pimp My Dance Pad, exactly.
Oh, boy. All right.
That's it for the Skype line for now. We might open it up again a little bit later there, but I think three is enough for now.
We're going to go to a break, and when we come back from this break, we've got to get ranty.
We're upset, and we're going to get ranty.
In this break, we're going to feature some Superstar.
I wanted to hear, oh no wait, no. We're not gonna hear Superstar. We're gonna hear Ussama Kabota songs, because I promised Jamie we could hear some.
Ahh...
I'm sorry, I almost forgot there for a minute, so um...
Cause I will like go postal if I don't hear Presto.
Alright, we're gonna cue that up so Jamie does not go postal.
She has so many reasons to go postal though, honestly.
Alright, we'll start it off with Presto, Ussama Kabota music.
We'll be back with the FUs of the week, which you can send in by the way
right now over private message to Sky if you have something you want to say
after this.
La di ba
Oi oi, mi nou, mi bais, oi, oi, mi nou
Ba da di nou, mi bais, oi, oi, mi nou
Happy, happy, w-w-w-w-w-w-w Happy, happy, happy, w-w-w-w-wah
Orange Lounge radio, we put your thang down. Flip it and reverse it.
This server made a bit of a fight in the head, nubba.
Hey sir, I've been made a bit of a fight and you ain't had none before.
these FUs of the week, even though they often don't have anything to do with video games,
why do we have to do this every single week?
Grr, arg.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Let's, let's try that again.
Why is it that we have to do these...
Rob, you are a bitch.
Minor technical glitch there.
You are a bitch.
I thought we could do Switcheroo Night or something and I'd give Loki the gay song or
I'm just kidding. All right. No, you don't get girls. Um, I'm sorry. Let's try that from the top.
Rewind. Start over. Take two.
Jamie? Jamie? Why is it that we have to do these FUs of the week every single week?
Fuck you.
Um, my first FU wants to go to Rob.
This is too serious for you.
Um, no, my first F.U. of the night is, uh, just to the torrential downpour we had, um,
it was pretty vicious.
Another F.U. goes to the HR guy I was dealing with for basically trying to pull the same
crap he pulled on one of my other co-workers, um, basically whenever we brought up a legitimate
concern he was trying to fool the company this and I basically turned it right back
around on him because if there's one thing I'm good at it's point-and-counter point.
So finally I got him to say that he was going to turn over our VP to our business partner
over here.
So I'm going to have some investigation going on.
Um, F.U. goes to the VP for always wanting to put his goddamn hand on my shoulder whenever
he talks to me.
like you know I should have just said you know I would rather you not do that
but the whole thing is that this is a VP and until I report him to HR I don't
know what's going to be used as a you know a retaliatory action because I
think he's petty enough to do it so um yeah big etsy goes to him he keeps
begging me to stay and then he on top of this he's trying to get me to stay there
through the end of the month, forcing me to stay by some weird, we have to hold her to
release her some type of bullshit. And my change date's already set with HR. He can't
freakin' do it, so I get to rub it in his face Monday. That's gonna be awesome.
Um, F.U. goes to, uh, you know, I really don't have much else to F.U. about except for maybe
my lack of time. And also, um, an F.U. goes toward my lack of funds and ability to travel
to places that I want to go and see people I want to see. Other than that, I'm fairly
happy because I don't have to be there anymore after this week. I don't have to look at that
man after this week. It's going to be so awesome. Yeah.
She put the mic down, so I'm thinking she's done.
Done.
Loki, it's your turn.
while you're partying I am going afk for a second and they're gone for half an
hour now fuck that that's stupid if you have things that you know you have to do
don't play the game get the set-aside time anyways so fuck you that fuck you
to online websites that don't really correspond with you when you order
product with them you just kind of have to wait and wait and wait and hope that
they sent it and then just take your money and yeah pretty much all I have
right now yep that's it I don't have anything else I can think of Anna by the
by the way, suggesting a warp 2.
What? Oh, oh yeah, we did do that.
My turn.
I would like to give a big fat F you to the rain.
On Thursday night, the rain was so bad.
bad like we here on the West Coast we're really big pussies when it comes to the
rain okay
if it starts are seriously like
I've been on the East Coast and I've seen how it rains back there when it rains on
the East Coast it rains
when it rains like that here people freak out
okay we have to remember it's not built
around here to handle rain like that it's really not it rains like that out
here too long it floods
and I hate to interject on this but Rob you remember seeing me
one of the first times I was out here for a big rain, right?
I believe so. Me just going what the fuck at all to everybody else
because it was nothing. But here's the problem.
I don't have a problem with heavy rain like that. I have a problem when that
heavy rain
starts causing so much drainage to fall from the top of the roof and it's
falling outside my window on the bush that it's keeping me awake and I can't
freaking sleep.
So I have to get up at 4.30 in the morning. No, 4 in the morning because I
can't sleep
And I get on the computer and read about freaking DDR and Mario.
I just, I don't know.
I was sad.
That's it, so I give an FU to the rain.
Otherwise, I really don't have a lot to be pissed off about.
FU to people that, um, FU to slow service at restaurants. Oh my god.
That was the slowest service the other day. It made me scream.
I think that's it. I'm good otherwise.
here from the original
uh... defeated being sick earlier this week as i was afraid i was going to be
a
commission today but uh...
i'm here to see a
every people they can't run a party you're not supposed to
have somebody that's four levels higher than you
thank you and for stealing me away from that party
good
uh... yeah
that's out
and uh...
and you know i think it's all my god
away
rob help me do that
go sub job. Oh well, I'm almost done and I can go back to Black Mage, so yay. Okay, I'm done. See, I'm boring.
Alright. I actually thought of one. Oh my god, Loki reminded me of one. I gotta go back.
Okay, go back.
Rewind.
That's the theme of tonight, is rewind. Okay, here it is. We had a party yesterday in Final Fantasy XI.
Jamie? We had a party yesterday in Final Fantasy XI.
You know how in Final Fantasy XI you have Japanese and English players playing together? That's kind of the draw, you know, it's kind of cool.
Sometimes you get to party. Yeah, I know, that's what I said.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Kevin Spacey is supposed to play Lex Luthor.
Yes, he is. Anyway, my, hello, my segment, my time, my time.
alright so anyway sometimes you get to party with Japanese people right
well we have a Japanese person in our party
and then we invite this paladin who is
from the US and this is what she says and I quote when she finds out
that we have somebody who's Japanese in the party OMG
JP do they even speak American
I will leave unless they understand what I'm saying
I will not die because of some JP player
who can't communicate with me.
Okay, first off, bitch.
It's called English, not American.
Okay? Second off, the game was designed
so that Japanese and English players can play together.
That's why you have something called the auto-translate function.
I suggest you learn how to use it.
Third off, you are a stupid bitch.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid bitch.
Yes, Angel.
His hand is gonna laugh at this.
Blizzard, Bio, see ya, bye!
Yeah.
Anyway, that's it, so SniperKitten, F you.
Alright.
Jaded2005, moving on to the chatroom, Jaded2005 would like to say, F you to the Postal Service
for not delivering my Dance Mania CD sooner.
Phoenix says, I want to say F U Loki because he puts girls in the cage match which sucked
and I would like to say F U to the creator of DDR with Mario. Mario is dead! And he just
wants to add, yeah Loki sucked tonight. He must be a friend of yours or something.
Whatever girls is going in next week.
Alright. K-Dash says F U to dumb co-workers that you wish would go away. Dark Knight says
FU to my arm for being in so much pain after I went go-kart racing last night
and FU to myself for having a nightmare of a birthday being late for work on
Thursday
BRP Ohio Bamani says
FU to parents and grandparents that don't give the respect to their children and
grandchildren
children that they would expect back. FU to Viz
for holding on to Hikaru no Go anime license and not doing anything with it
since they got it
and F.U. to the ice storms that hit the East Coast last week.
L. Mowat says F.U. to any mission in Grand Theft Auto San Andreas that involves
aircraft of any kind. The controls are way too sensitive
causing the plane to fly in weird directions when I thought I was going
straight and doing barrel rolls and slightly leaning on the analog stick the
wrong way.
Whoever was in charge of designing the plane controls must have been drunk,
high, or both. VX Jason XV says
F you to being so freaking tired yes I'm freaking tired F you to my manager for
being a lying pessimistic ass guess what it's all coming around to bite you in
the ass now and someone important has proof sound scandalous black devil or X
says F you to the idiot who wrote to el mullet he doesn't sound very bright I
hope el mullet dishes out his cool logic against that guy in his next column he
deserves it Arcadian42 who usually is here he says fuck you to the cold I've
had all fucking week that sucks illusion says F you to sunflakes and Joe
Lataxi being so hard to find on Morpheus F you to finals coming up and F you all
the goddamn rain Jamie he's looking for Joe Lataxi where should he look I don't
remember where I found it but I'll send it to you later just shoot I'm not even
in there um email me that your eyelashes and look pretty at dark Sakura maybe
she'll help you out and Misty said this isn't the best one I've ever had but yeah
if you not having money you know that does kind of suck and lastly dork says
f you to no one cooking me food I need a freaking girlfriend damn it so now
instead of listening to the show I'm cooking boo freaking who I like that I
like how he says f you to no one cooking me food I need a freaking girlfriend oh
and Anna kitty has one to f you to the lag I get while trying to listen to
orange launch radio tell the boyfriend or I'm or actually husband right I don't
remember is a husband fiance I can't remember just tell him to quit playing
Final Fantasy 11 tell the other guy in your house we'll call him that tell the
tell the guy in your house to quit playing it.
Alright. There you have it.
Again, you can email TheLovelyDarkSakura by emailing
jamie.orensonsradio.com and it will forward to her usual address.
Yes, it will. I verified it was set up this week.
So, unless you want to give your other one, I don't care.
Um, actually
you can either do it there or
This one time only I'm going to give an email I can check from work. It's darksakra at delbiter.com.
This is the only time I'm giving this one out.
Ooh, okay. Quick stalker fans, write that down.
Alright. Anna did verify that yes it is indeed husband. My bad, my bad. What can I do?
I like the other guy that lives in your house. Come on, you have to admit that was a good one.
Alright, I got a file from DJ Ron Ma S who was so kind to find this file for me.
Remember earlier when we were talking about DDR featuring Mario?
Well, here's another song that needs to be in the game.
Do the Mario!
Swing your arms, from side to side, come on, it's time to go!
Do the Mario! Take one step, and then again
Let's do the Mario! All together now!
You got it! It's the Mario!
Do the Mario! Swing your arms,
From side to side, come on, it's time to go!
Mario takes one step, and then again let's do the Mario all together now!
Come on now, just like that!
Just like that!
He sounds like a cross between Cookie Monster and-
I'm just Captain Lou.
Oh god, he was awesome.
And he was Cyndi Lauper's dad in the videos.
Oh, the 80s.
Anyway, it's so funny looking at the chatroom and some people that freaking hate that song
and some people that really love it.
I like how L. Mullet puts it, cookie, cookie, I'm not doing the Mario.
Alright, we're going to, if I didn't read your FU I didn't get one, so resend it I guess.
we'll read those when we come back. In the meantime we're gonna do one more
break. We're gonna do a quick break, a couple songs, and then we're gonna come
back and wrap up the show. That's right, it's time to wrap up the show. So I
thought I'd play something a little uptempo for you guys. I thought we'd play
a little bit of something from Guitar Freaks, and then we'll come back and get
we're ready to wrap up the show. We'll be back.
I'd like to steal those off the fireball, but it's out of control
Get to a tornado, soak the fireball, burn the sky like rock and roll
Get outta here!
Yeah, this is my transmission, nuclear fission, make them all go
I need a guy to see a fireball burnin' out of control
Findin' a ship, gettin' there and questin' that it's in a load
Beatin' an engine, beatin' a fireball, beatin' out of control
I'm gonna getcha!
Shout out to all the great fans who supported your team.
It's great, man!
Who can make waves all over town?
When the TV comes, everybody dance around
Riverton can do the dolphin ragtime sound
I was a youth man, a turtle, not a tree I told you, darlin', can't get off the weed
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Listen to Orange Lounge Radio
Because Bongo demands it You know what?
I think our chat room tonight has turned into Jamie's personal hell, because like everybody
from our Final Fantasy XI Link show is coming in.
I wouldn't call it my own personal hell, you know, I wouldn't have had a problem with Final
Fantasy XI had I received the support I needed.
It's a tough game.
It's tough.
I'm not saying it was tough, it's just, you know, on Ragnarok there were always people
playing.
I could easily go and level completely by myself, but anytime I ever came on and asked
I'm sorry, we're busy doing some dumbass class.
Hey, I tried, I tried.
I said forget it.
Let's see, what else was I going to say? I don't know, I had something else I was going to say.
Oh, I wanted to do some late FUs that came in.
MPQ had some FUs he was trying to send me, but MIRC sucks for some reason, so FU to MIRC says MPQ.
But he says, here's the in a nutshell version of it.
Illusions never fixes their bimani, Smokers poison me, and Bill Masterman doesn't know much about how 2DX actually costs.
Those are all his FUs.
And, let's see, what was last here?
DJ Rama S says, I'm putting in my FU, still late, I don't care. FU to people returning iPods that work.
You retards, and FU to my computer for crashing.
Alright.
Wow, where'd it go? We're just about done with the show here. Any late, any other Bahmani news that you can think of that went on this week that I'm completely missing? I can't think of anything. You've been reading the boards though. Loki, anything you can think of?
Um, no. Nothing really. Actually, I've been paying more attention to building my computer than anything. I've been shopping a lot of that. And, um, I don't know. I've been, no, I haven't really been paying attention.
I mean, as far as there really hasn't been anything going on, though, that's the thing.
And, I mean, other than, like, what, those two sim file tournaments that are going on,
which, I don't even know what the deal is with those, but I don't even really pay attention to those anymore,
because, you know, all the people that used to make good sim files stopped doing it.
It's just, like, it's gonna be a whole new resurgence of, you know, I guess before,
I mean, it wasn't exactly, he wasn't exactly good or anything, but, you know, there was, you know,
There was, you know, BemoniRuler and everyone was like, oh, I gotta get that stuff.
No, and then he left.
And then it was Utterdude, and then everyone was like, oh, I gotta get his stuff.
Then he's gone.
And now there's, you know, new people stepping in to take their place, and so it's just the
whole thing all over again.
But really, I think the problem is is because DDR Maniacs is down, and so you don't have
any, like, step mania updates, that's where all your theme stuff was, everything.
So that's probably why you're missing out on that stuff, and DDR UK is just not quite
up to you know that stuff I mean they're working hard on those official sim files
so that'll be fun once that comes out but um really not much I'm you know
downloading more material for remixing stuff with and I'm just trying to do
that kind of crap and then hopefully maybe crank something out I don't know
but um I've thought of some other things but I don't want to commit to anything
because, you know, I hate, you know, starting projects after I haven't finished other projects.
So, we'll see. I don't know. No news until there is news, I guess.
I'm just, I'm hoping the rumors are true that there's gonna be some type of new DDR game this year.
I mean, besides the Europe thing we already heard about. I mean, obviously there's that.
We'll find out about that pretty soon, actually. That should be, uh, by the end of next week?
Like, I'm hoping it's a sign of things to come from not only Japan, but the US as well.
At least something.
It's been too long.
DDR Extreme, we've been sitting on it too long.
We need something new.
We're foaming at the mouth here, people!
We need something new!
Otherwise, people are going to have to start importing machines from Europe.
What's with that?
Well, here is, I think, what the problem was, before it wasn't a matter of, you know, oh,
we just don't want to release another mix.
It was a heavy limits of their previous mix, and they had to develop something.
Kind of like, I'm not really sure with 9th style and 8th style if there was a lull between those, but it's like that. They just have to, you know, they have to kind of redesign everything from the ground up. That's why probably you haven't gotten anything. I mean, since, you know, their arcade division kind of fizzled out, you know, you have to design the hardware for it, and it's a little more difficult than just throwing a PC in there. So, I don't know. That's the only thing I can think of.
DarkLionXVI sent me this link and I thought we had talked about this on a
previous show but maybe we missed it. I don't remember. I think we brought it up
briefly but the website has been updated here and there a little bit. It's
Karaoke Revolution Bamani Edition and this is coming out in Japan and you can
sing to pop in music hits and things like that. I don't know if
there is new stuff that they're putting in here. It looks like there might be a
few new songs in here. Yeah because I don't think like Mobomogo was in there
before and uh... kisi k and songs like that
looks like some new dez rose songs are going to be put in there
very interesting the songs that they've decided to put in karaoke revolution
by money
one thing i notice on the site is that my rave on there you have a kidding me
uh... loki says that that would be cool though i don't think i see it on there
just a lot of a lot of popular music type songs are in there
i'm not just that though you can check out the uh... website over economy style
dot com
You notice, though, that Karaoke Revolution in Japan looks a lot different.
It's not the whole person singing on the stage thing or anything like that.
It looks like basically a karaoke machine would.
Kind of not quite as flashy, I don't know.
Or maybe it is flashy.
I've got to see this game in motion, really.
But it doesn't look anything like Karaoke Revolution USA.
But if you like to sing, you can get on that.
I don't know.
They should port over their DDR karaoke mix.
Another thing that came out recently, which I have to actually update on our game here,
is Karaoke Revolution 3, which we have.
Cheat codes came out, so we can unlock all the songs, including Snake Eater.
Alright!
Snake Eater is the most ridiculous damn song in that game.
It can feast on a tree frog.
Best lyrics ever.
Oh, and, um, I hate Metal Gear Solid 3, cause, um, us nerds were not meant to be in, um, the jungle, therefore, putting us in the jungle does not work. I went into the jungle and I knew nothing of what I was doing. I was like, oh my god, I'm gonna die.
What's the feast on a tree frog?
Well, alligator feasted on me, so yeah. That was the end of that.
Cause my fucking cheat codes wouldn't work. I wanted to Rambo my way through it, but it wouldn't let me.
These bastards.
Alright, it's getting down towards the end of the show guys, so gotta wrap it up.
Uh, final thoughts. We'll start off with Angel. Your final thought.
Um, I wanna go play Final Fantasy XI again.
Attic!
Hey!
Wait a minute!
You're the one that's gonna meet me tonight!
Final thought, Loki.
I hope more of my computer stuff comes in.
Actually, I hope all of it comes in this week.
Cause I have...
I think everything's been ordered last week and it shouldn't take that long to ship.
I just hope all my stuff can come in so I can build it.
Kick you out of the chatroom?
Okay.
Uh...
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
I freakin' hate IRC.
And my final thought is, please tune in to Orange Launch Radio's other programming throughout
the week. Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday even, and then Friday over on DER Freak. Listen
to it! Or I'll cry.
Alright, that's it. The final word of tonight's show, one word to sum up everything.
Oh, you want it, Jamie?
Alright, Jamie, what's the final word?
Addict!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright guys, we're back here, Orange Lounge Radio.
As a reminder, because I know a lot of you guys were off for the past couple weeks, we
are phasing out the afterbirth segment of the show just because we have other things
we have to take care of, um, after the shows now, so the afterbirths aren't gonna be around
a whole lot longer, and plus there will be no more post-show. Um, we'll go right back
into the Bamani Music and More program, featuring all your favorite DDR, 2DX, and Dance Mini
favorites. I know you guys might be sad about the loss of the afterbirth, but remember,
this is how we bring you these other projects that we're doing, like the podcast and things
like that. So don't cry! Don't cry for me, Argentina! Alright. Did you, did you just
think that? Alright. Nellie's finally saying something, even though the show's over.
What exactly all right?
So that's it. We're now going to go back to
Back to Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani Music-
