All the time we'll be together cause it's hard and fine
Forever we're in this love thing
Tomorrow never knows
Why Smith can tell me so
But oh, he never saw your dark brown eyes
I love the way you smile
Shine on me, baby, all day long and all
I wanna get stronger for you, my love
I feel the love is more true All together, all in time
So whoa, whoa, whoa Won't you take my hand?
But I won't be a man So look tonight
What's gonna' pass the night away?
One and one is two Don't you be so cruel
Synchronizes love, it's what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in this love thing
Now it's me watching you and you watching me
But I was too blind, I just couldn't see
You were out on the floor looking so blind
I never really thought you'd get this fine
Until the day I die, I'll be your everything And whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Won't you take my hand, but I won't be your man
So look tonight, we're gonna dance the night away
One and one is two, don't you be so cruel
Synchronize as love is what we got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in this one
I will be your man, so look tonight we're gonna miss a night away
One and one is two, don't you be so cruel
Synchronize this love, it's what we got to do
All the time we'll be together cause it's yours and mine
Can't fight forever, we're in the love zone
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 129 for this January the 30th of 2005.
You're tuned in to the B-Money Scene's most repaired radio station of all things, B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm,
Miss Jamie Summers, AKA, DarkSakura.
I hate my nose. I hate allergies.
Oh, are you allergic to me?
I've been like this all day.
Oh, I'm sorry. What is it that you're allergic to?
Everything.
Oh, I'm sorry. It's not gay people, is it?
Yes, Rob, it's gay people. I'm sorry.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Massa, Loki!
I found my knife.
Please, don't run around the house with it.
Promise me you will not chase DDR Angel around with your knife again this week.
Okay, I'll have to see about that, but sure.
Speaking of DDR Angels, say hello to our special guest.
Hello.
You're always here.
Yeah, now what are you going to call me? Uh-oh.
I'm going to call you Al. I don't know, I just was thinking of the old...
forget it. Anyway, um, that's it.
Angel's the only special guest here tonight. She's not really that special anymore either, because she's
always here, so she's just, she's just, you know, your standard guest. She's more of a standard guest
than a special guest. I'm just your pest.
No, no, no, you wouldn't be a pest, because then when I sprayed
the raid on you, it would have gotten rid of you.
Raid?
Ah!
I'm just kidding.
Alright.
Um, but it's just us, you know, feeling the love here in the Orange Launch Radio Studio,
especially after a chaotic week last week.
I wish I felt the love from my allergy medicine.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Well, this should be a lovely night.
Jamie's extra sassy because of her allergies.
Loki's got a knife.
This should be an interesting show.
I'm just trying to turn this into a round cable, but I think I just broke it.
So basically you've got a square cable over there and you're trying to turn it into a
round cable.
It's a ribbon cable.
I thought, at least in theory, that I could split these down here, however they're a little
thinner than I thought, so when I poked this knife through, instead of actually splitting
it, it stripped all the covering on this one wire here.
I don't fucking care.
Tonight is definitely one of those nights.
I want the world to die.
Everything and everything in this world needs to wither and die and stop spreading your goddamn pollen.
Please!
And the person in the chatroom named come as you are.
No script. Bad.
Go ahead and boot their ass.
What the hell?
That calls for insta-ban.
let that die already. No! Alright, we'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio,
maybe some Bamani news, some random video game stuff. Jamie wants to take this show
tonight in a really random video game direction, but I don't care, we're going to do it. So
So stay tuned, we'll be back after this with Don't Stop!
But you know our love will always stay the same
Don't ever stop
Don't ever quit
Don't ever take it up
You're my man
Yes, it's our friend
You are my friend
You are the best thing that ever happened to me
No one could ever come between
You and me, baby
Because we are what friends should be
I guess you should go, I'll pick you up, oh sweet baby
As years go by, you'll always have me
Don't ever stop, don't ever quit Don't ever take your love from me
Yes it's my win, you are my friend You are the best thing ever happened to me
Don't ever stop, don't ever quit Don't ever take your love from me
Don't ever stop, don't ever quit, don't ever take your love from me
Is
Is
Is
Is
Is
Is
Is
You
always
always
always
always
always
You
How do I look?
I love that promo because it's the only one we have where I get to hear Jamie click like
a chicken.
I can't do any imitations right now.
Aww.
It says one.
What?
Aaahhhhhhhh!
Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Uh... never get old.
Especially when the sequel comes out. They know. They have the right to do it again.
They are making a sequel right, they have to do it again.
I've already been out in Japan.
Yeah, they're working on a sequel.
They did a TV series too.
Really? What was the TV series called?
It's The Grudge Hour with your favorite...
It's a different...
Doo doo doo doo doo doo.
It's The Grudge Show!
No Soul! Tobio take today.
Uhhh...
Starring, uh...
And...
Aww...
Pussy up!
Oh wow, we're dumb. Anyway, uh, here we are.
Another week is upon us here at the Orange Lounge radio headquarters.
Hope you guys had a lovely week.
You know, I'm having one of those nights where
I'm not even supposed to be here today.
here today like I was secretly planning to try and take tonight off but it
didn't happen because I was trying to go to a concert I really really want to go
to concert because I haven't been to a concert in a long time God Jamie's gonna
die are you gonna die Jamie don't die Oh Jamie's give me the grudge look anyway I
was trying to go to a concert tonight I wanted to go see Scissor Sisters tonight
because they're playing in San Francisco and I know a lot of you guys probably
don't even know who this band is although they did play on Saturday Night
I love watching when it became unfunny back in the 90s.
back row like it was row like double y in the second balcony okay it was that far back
and I was like fuck that I'm not gonna get tickets if I have to sit that far back so
I'm gonna wait because usually with concerts this is a trick a lot of people don't know
they'll open up better tickets like a week before or you know sometimes you can get general
admission so we were trying to get floor seats but it never opened up I kept checking every
day and I was not able to get better tickets so therefore I'm here tonight where somewhere
in the city by the bay
scissors sisters taking the stage right now and i'm not there
therefore i'm a little bit better tonight
the sound a little bit better
because i could be somewhere else
we're gonna stop tonight show
as we do every week playing a little bit how was your week how was your day jamie
how was your week how was your day
and sneezing all fucking day
i made it to level ten in a week
Fucking game. Also known as Final Fantasy XI.
Yeah. Been going to school. My teacher's an asshole.
More like an elitist snob, but eh.
Just stuff, really.
I went bowling yesterday
with Iguana Girl and Islander. You went bowling? I went bowling. I scored five strikes my second game.
Nice.
Do you do the strike dance? Strike!
Did you do that?
Um, then we went to Mikuni.
Oh my god, Jamie.
We should start an orange lounge bowling league.
Um, no.
No.
Come on!
We could all have orange bowling balls.
Come on. It'd be cute. And we could all have this... Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob.
Rob.
What?
Uhh...
What?
No.
Sorry to interrupt.
Hey, Rob, once I had a really good idea just like that...
Uh-huh.
You know, it was to put a Russian space station around, you know, orbit.
Mm-hmm.
Around Earth.
Yeah, that didn't turn out very well.
Why don't you let me finish your week?
Uhh...
I've been sneezing all day.
Woke up with a cat on my head.
Umm...
I just... I'm done.
It's not very often that Jamie wakes up with pussy in her face.
You know what? That wasn't funny.
I thought it was funny and I didn't even hear the... I was laughing before the joke.
The reaction we got in studio when I said that, just Jamie
she's got this very dead look on her face, like you know kind of like
you know she's got that look on her face right now, she's kind of leaning back, she's staring off
into space staring at the ceiling going you know I don't want to be here type
thing and then when I said that you know and she doesn't often get pussy on her
face she just kind of reaches over and grabs the mic and goes you know what no
my cat didn't poop that's sick sometimes I wish we were a TV show I really do I
I've taken two doses of Advil cold sinus, a dose of Benadryl, and two doses of Tylenol
allergy sinus.
I'm drugged, upset, I ate three lindered chocolate balls on the way here.
Were they salty chocolate balls?
Oh hush, they were dark chocolate.
And then I go look at my friends list to see freakin' sluts on my friends list on my live
journal.
Guys-
I got sluts on my friends list too, but that's just how they-
But I need pictures of sluts!
Oh, I'm like, these are actual people, I just have to accept them, that's the way they are.
I never get sluts on my friends list.
Oh, my life is miserable.
Join a couple gay live journal communities, you can get tons of sluts on your friends
page.
No. I mean...
That is...
Wow. Wow.
Uh, Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Um, well, my week was okay.
Didn't really do too much.
See, Friday Christopher brought over the parts for his PC, so I built that, and that was fun, until I couldn't figure out why I wasn't booting.
Because, now, the motherboard I bought has actually two different chipsets on it, you know, so you can run the older, um, Athlon processors, and you can run the new 64-bit ones.
The ones beside, you know, above, uh, 3.2 gigahertz or whatever.
So, anyways, I had the processor in the right one, but I had the RAM in the wrong set of slots there, so it wasn't booting up.
Finally figured that out after about six hours, and then loaded that all up. It looks really cool.
Christopher's computer is very purdy. It glows purple and, like, black light, purple and pink. It's very nice.
I think Christopher put it best actually, he said his computer looks like Metroid Prime.
And then, on my computer, which is sitting in the middle of the room right now, I installed
the motherboard in that and cut the rest of the case. So I'm pretty much ready to go with
that. I probably should set it up to install everything. So I was messing around with that.
And then play lots of Final Fantasy. And...
We didn't do too much else other than that. Oh, I've been, well, like, the first night when Christopher brought his computer over at Friday, I stayed up till six in the morning.
And then, last night, I stayed up till six in the morning playing Final Fantasy. So, I'm kinda like my, um...
Whole, like, schedule's messed up right now. It's been staying up way too late.
and you have to work tomorrow huh yeah sucks to be you gonna be great though
because my co-workers quitting so now they're gonna be panicking it's great
because I am in like I'm just an observer and they're panic so be fun
then this week I have to go see the Kings in floor seats I hate the Kings
but I'm taking my mom because whatever I couldn't really do much of these tickets
So, okay, DT says I should invest in a Mac Mini. No, I'm sorry, I already have a toaster.
I don't need a piece of shit computer that's small.
Why do you hate Apple computers so much? I mean, I remember the day I brought home my
iPod, you were like...
Okay, I'll tell you why. Back in the day when I had to do fucking school assignments at
the Mac Lab at our school, okay, I'll tell you what, those things are a piece of shit.
you put the disc in, the whole thing explodes. That is pretty much how reliable Macintosh
computers are. They're computers for idiots!
But I remember in the computer school lab, the Macs, when you turn them on, you'd see
the little picture of the computer, and it had the little happy face.
You don't buy computers because they're cute! You buy them because they work, and they're
functionable! You don't buy fucking cute computers! You shouldn't choose a computer because, oh,
it'll match my curtains! Fuck that!
okay but it'll still get on the internet and the fact that it matches the
curtains
yeah you know an old 386 computer will get on the internet too but you know what I'm not
going to be using that
they're good if you're a graphic artist
aha good graphic and actually you can
link for every Mac you have linked up
it will increase the entire processing power of the entire unit because the
dual processing system
You can actually get more power out of a Mac than you can out of a PC.
You can do that with anything.
And they do the video-editing really easy.
Really easy.
You can do that with anything.
You can film the kitty.
You can film your kitty-cat.
Ooh.
And then really easily put it on your Mac.
And you can make little videos, like,
My kitty.
And, you know, string it all together, and then you put, like,
music in the background.
So cute and so easy on a Mac.
You can do that with Windows, too.
Yeah, but everything crashes in Windows.
No, not everything crashes in Windows.
Everything crashes in Windows.
It's more like a fucking Mac.
Now, don't get... Hey, you know what? Don't get me wrong. I love Windows.
You want to hear about Macs? They're powerful gaming machines. Look at all those fucking games for the Macs.
Oh, wait! No, there isn't! That's right, because they suck!
Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Okay.
I'll tell you what's cool about Macs are the laptops, the little iBooks.
The little apple, when you use it on the back, it glows.
So, let's say you ever have to be in the dark.
the Apple will glow and it gives shut up stop but it's not you have you ever
been to the Apple Store at the mall they actually have here here blinding here at
the local mall yeah they have an Apple Store and I don't know how they light
that thing I think they actually took a little chunk of the Sun and put it inside
the Apple Store because it is so freaking bright in there yeah it's like
you know no no I'm sorry I am I will never ever ever I'm going down the
record stance I will never own anything that's made by Apple nothing I'm not
buying an iPod I'm not buying a computer I will not buy a laptop made by them
nothing of course Apple is a fully in subsidiary of Microsoft you know what
did I say Microsoft I said Apple hey you know what you should hold your tongue
and say Apple it's really funny yeah Apple you know elementary school a while
ago this is coming from someone who said that the chair was not green the chair's
The chair's green. I think the chair's green.
It's mostly black, okay?
It's green!
If you take green, or black, and add a little bit of green to that, okay? That is mainly black.
It's a night green.
You know what? It's black, okay?
I will take a piece of that chair into a paint match store and we will settle this debate.
It's fucking black. Just like my trench coat. My trench coat's blue, but it's fucking black.
It looks black, therefore it's black, okay? I don't care if it has a hint of green in it. It's still black.
Hold on, hold on a minute.
That actually is more green.
Hold on a minute.
Whatever.
Hold on, hold on, I'm working. No wait, I want you to rant a little more here. I'm just, you know, finding some music here.
The chair is green.
Black.
Green.
Black.
green black it's a goddamn chair if Justin Timberlake can be black that
chair can be black okay are you finished yes angel how was your week how was your
day Rob made my tongue numb ah I don't even
want to know how that happened sorry I won't bite so hard next time what are
you talking about? Stupid Altoids. AHHH! And that was your week and your day? No. Um, jeez,
smilefancy11, eh. Um, unfortunately when I was on you guys weren't, because you guys
had to work, so, but then again I had school, so, eh. Not much happened, and I'm supposed
to say hi to Mikey. So, hi Mikey! Otherwise known as BRP Ohio Baloney.
That's quick. My week and my day, uh, really not a whole lot going on. I did play a little
bit of Final Fantasy. I had days off actually this week. I took Monday and Tuesday off of
work and oh my god, I had this big list of things I was gonna do. I was gonna go to the
mall and I was gonna go shopping and I was gonna, like there was all this stuff I wanted
to buy, like new socks and underwear and things. I was gonna buy all this stuff at the mall
And then, let's see, I was gonna go to Ikea one day, and then I was gonna clean my room
from top to bottom.
I had this big project where I was gonna, like, totally redo my room and clean it, and
I didn't get any of that done because I was leveling in Final Fantasy all day both days.
I think I'm just gonna uninstall it, and I won't be tempted to play it anymore.
I'm seriously wondering how much would I get done if Final Fantasy XI wasn't installing it.
You know what though, seriously, if it wasn't that, it would be some other game.
I'd go right back to playing Final Fantasy X, or something.
Look, he says, at least I'd finished the damn game.
Alright, whatever.
And now they're yelling at me, I can't uninstall the game.
Let's see, what else? What else is going on in Rob's World?
yesterday we went out to sushi that was cool we went to wasabi which is cool
because when you actually when you walk in the door they all yell at you from
behind the bar when you walk in and it always scares me it always scares me
when I walk in there it's like you know I walk in doo doo doo doo I'm gonna walk
into a nice little sushi restaurant I don't know it always sounds like wasabi
I always thought they were saying the name of the restaurant.
Oh, cause I know, well, Makuni does it, so like, any time you go into
an establishment, they're supposed to go to Ashima Se, which is like, welcome.
Oh. Very polite one. But see, we'll see the thing about, like, Makuni and other sushi
places, they're very quiet, they're very low-key,
they're very nice little places, but Wasabi's a frickin' sports bar, okay? They play, like,
basketball games on the TV and stuff, and then it just so happens that you have
sushi there. It's a sushi bar.
And I mean bar. Like, emphasis on the bar. It just has sushi. It's pretty good.
But they're loud. It's very loud and noisy.
Uhh, what else?
I have this whole list of things I was going to talk about, but I can't think of any, so I guess we'll just have to move on.
I wish I had some exciting DDR story to tell, but I really don't.
I haven't been to the arcade in a while. I'm still waiting for them to set up 2DX.
2DX. We're supposed to be getting 2DX here locally. That was supposed to happen, what,
four weeks ago? I guess they're waiting on a part, so we'll see. Loki. Loki has a comment.
It'll never happen. They'll just keep talking and hinting at it. The monitor will constantly
be in trend to us. It'll never happen. The machine's been...
I've been taking pictures of it. But there's no monitor. The monitor's gone.
Okay, you know, I don't know, they should like ghetto rig it.
Pimp my 2DX machine.
Hey, what was that idea for a TV show you were talking about earlier this week? I thought it was kind of cool.
Pimp my rig.
And what would happen on this show?
They would take someone's piece of shit computer and they'd make it pretty. And they'd case mod it.
kostjamrh Our show's come to a halt because we're trying to give Jamie chocolate right
now.
Gotta get your priorities in straight.
Chocolate first.
Legend of Zaku says he needs someone to pimp his PA skills.
Practice, practice.
That's what it takes.
If you want to join our chat room and make random comments that we might read on here, join our chat room.
www.orangeloungeradio.com
Click on chat.
And it's lots of fun.
L. Mullet made it funny.
He says once they pimp it, they can call it an apple.
Oh, I'm sorry. They're not removing all functionality out of it.
Or replacing the innards with a toaster.
I remember the old G4s, the transparent toasters. Those are great.
Alright, we're gonna go to a break. When we come back from this break, I guess we'll talk about some DDR stuff.
There's some stuff going on in the Bevani scene this week, and I suppose we can talk about it.
Might as well.
In this break, what?
Oh yeah, and Jamie has this really random Castlevania thing she wants to share with you guys, so we'll hook that up for later.
In this break, we're going to play some PlayStation 2DX songs, because I want to hear Cracker.
So we'll be back after this with more orange lounge radio
Taki no mienu tenka ni basen itto nai
Iso mae lo bokigii kaga yo yo yo yo desu
Ka ka ka, jyomi bandan, konchi oishii
Shoukan, kankan, desu no desu
Samone ga jibushi ma kyobu sha bam
Buka shashino sume de marumi e
Sei boku hou mi atasuka giri kaisei
Mitsu ga nazhi tai yan
Susta beni mae ni mae
Mitsu ni hou
Mi dasu kougo shika oka isho
Gomodo roka
Nan de nogasu mae ni mae ni mae
Mero mae ni tak
Marudo basu no stasu no
Kabe ukabe
Nari o miru nari o mo
Looking for the light of night in the world and I see where there is light gone
Look inside you came on between the world and the sea
Not past my future
Where it goes
Where the birds are going
The sunshine in a black dark forest
Hold your lies, don't you cry, cry, cry
There's a light on my tooth
Hold your lies, don't you smile, smile, smile
Yes, I can't listen
I want you
Let me show you what you can do with your life.
Oh,
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and Jamie wants to do something for you guys here.
This is a little bit random, it doesn't really have to do with Momani per se, but turn on
the satanic music.
What do we got there in the background?
It sounds satanic, it's churchy.
Sounds satanic to me.
I'm actually feeling better now that I stand up.
Oh, that's good.
But you know, we've always made fun of Castlevania Symphony the night before the bad voice acting.
Right, and this has to do with the podcast from last week.
This kind of relates into the podcast.
And if you listen to it, you know what we were talking about.
Thank you. That's the plug I was going to make. If you haven't checked out the podcast yet, do it! www.orangeloungeradio.com
Click on Orange Lounge Radio to go. There's a whole extra 20 minute show that we do, and we talk about random shit like this.
Such as the voice acting in Castlevania Symphony of the Night. And a lot of you guys have played this game. God, this song scares the shit out of me.
Um, a lot of you...listen to Orange Lounge Radio. It is holy.
Oh, I didn't know it was going through.
Yeah, it's already going through. They can hear it. The holiest of internet radio. No, anyway.
I'm gonna go ahead and start playing.
Okay. So, you know the bad boys acting in Symphony of the Night is like,
Die, monster. You don't belong in this world. You know, it's really lame.
So anyway, Jamie said she wanted to play for you all how much better the Japanese voice
acting is.
So she's going to do that for you guys.
Now this is the cool thing, if you're listening live on Sunday night, which I know obviously
right now you are, but some of you guys hear this show on the rebroadcast over on DDR Freak
Radio and all that stuff, you can actually see it on our webcam, www.orangetonsradio.com.
I would appreciate however those people sent copies of them, I will put this up on somewhere for people to see the images.
Now Missy is our usual webcam whore and she's not here tonight, so hopefully somebody else is saving pictures.
Save the pictures and after the show I'll give you my email address.
One gay man, one angsty woman, and one angry man. Orange Lounge Radio, coming to a theater near you.
I have a story on here. You know how they give you the whole story? It actually is different, but it's still written in English.
But they say it as your...
Okay. So now you actually have to play the game for a little bit to get to the opening.
You just wanted to play games on Orange Lawn's radio.
Isn't this in a Kiriyamoka track?
I don't know.
Isn't this great? You guys are tuned into an internet radio station, and you're not even watching somebody play games.
Oh, here we go.
If you don't like having fun with your friends,
then help each other out in search of great partner to meet a number of Xi.
If you love it, let's cheer on each other.
Otherwise,...?
What are you thinking of?
Are you comparing small with old entanglements?
Very large.
But you're over it.
That was what?
Hydro storm.
That was very hot.
I know this isn't Symphony of the Night, but I'm used to Symphony of the Night. It has the sexiest music. God, the music is so good.
intervened. Castlevania, the castle of Dracula, which is rumored to appear only once every
century, suddenly and mysteriously materialized. More text.
Meanwhile, powerful forces were at work in the lives of a man named Alucard, the very
same Alucard who had previously teamed up with Ralph C. Belmont to destroy his immortal
father Vlad Tepes, aka Count Dracula. Alucard, in order to rid the world of his own first
bloodline, sealed off his powers and entered into what was supposed to be an eternal slumber.
At the end of this is the line that they pissed off that they changed.
But now that sleep had been disturbed, now a card is aware of the evil that is once again arisen in this homeland.
The time has come once more for the forces of good and evil to engage in their ancient battles.
Jekyll's castle beckons for you.
And perhaps none but that bright and glaring moon can say who will triumph.
They changed that line. That pissed me off. That was so awesome.
This is just like watching Iron Chef.
Are those secret ingredients?
POTATO!
Let me bite this pepper.
And it says, JACULA X. That's so awesome.
This is actually supposed to be on the 32X.
You know?
Alright. Lovely.
You know...
All I gotta say is, uh...
Who's the man that resurrected Dracula?
Shit!
Can you dig it?
Oh yeah.
You're a dumbass.
Alright, alright.
Anyway...
Anyway, gave me just one excuse to play video games during the show. Alright. That was pretty cool though, I'd actually never heard that, the Japanese version. I think maybe you sent me bits and pieces, like on Wave.
I had a file of Alucard though, because I figured we wouldn't be getting to the part with Alucard, so I brought a file with him.
Did you want me to play that Little Wave sample?
In just a sec.
kostjamrh We'll be talking about Bobanis at some point this evening too, but let's face it, you know, there hasn't been a new game lately. Well, actually, there was a big new game this week. We don't really have an excuse to not be talking Bobani. We'll get to it, though. We will, we will.
Of course, Castlevania. I mean, a lot of you guys that play DDR, I know a lot of you guys are into Castlevania, too, and if you're not, you should be, because the music's good, the gameplay's good. Oh, yes, Jamie.
The file of Alucard?
Yes. You want it now?
Yeah.
Here it is.
That's it.
Yeah, but see, isn't the voice acting better?
But see, there's something about the American voice acting that's very charming.
Die, monster! You don't belong in this world!
It's cute!
Excuse me, Richter.
Hahahaha!
Ahhh, boy oh boy.
Alright.
Loki's gonna hook the webcam back up so you can stare at the couch again.
I'm gonna check on my laundry.
Alright, meanwhile, uh, we're gonna talk a little bit about some Bimani news.
There actually was a little bit of news this week, and we can talk about that.
This isn't Bomani. Okay, I'll talk about the Castlevania thing real fast.
But you know that Konami was making this big announcement on Thursday?
They were going to make a big announcement on January 27th, right?
Well, it turned out that the big announcement was just their 2005 lineup.
So, you know, you can see all the new Konami games that are coming out in 2005.
And of course, as suspected, and if you were paying attention to OrangeLawrenceRadio.com throughout the week,
the week you already knew this, but one of the games they announced was Castlevania Curse
of Darkness, which is going to be a brand new PlayStation 2 title. Very cool. And that's
in addition to the DS Castlevania game. So it's going to be a big year for Castlevania.
That's going to be cool. And then they announced some other games. A Ninja Turtles game is
in there. What else was there? There was a new Frogger game. Oh, and of course Metal
Gear Acid for the PSP. We all knew that was coming. So they announced all these games.
And then what was weird is that the same day, the exact same day, in unrelated news, but
they put out a press release on this, they did not announce any new DDR titles.
They did not announce any Xtreme 2, they did not announce UltraMix 3, they didn't announce
DDR with Mario for the US, they didn't announce any of that stuff.
But what they did do is that they published this press release saying, hey, guess what
kids, Dance Dance Revolution sold 1.2 million copies in North America in 2004. Now, that's
across all titles, so we're talking Extreme and Ultramix 2 combined, along with, you know,
Ultramix 1 and Max 2. All those combined, all those sales totaled 1.2 million, but really,
for a game that requires an additional peripheral to play, not too shabby. Certainly higher
sales than any power pad game ever got right so that was 1.2 million copies in
2004 since DDR debuted in 2001 all the way back on Dance Dance Revolution on
the PlayStation 2.5 million copies of DDR games for the home consoles in the
US sold not too shabby right but then they didn't announce a new DDR game to
go along with that they just said gee isn't DDR great but honestly think
Think about it people, are they going to submit this press release and then say,
oh and by the way, because of DDR's great success, no more DDR games in the U.S.
It's done.
We're pulling the plug on DDR.
We're going out on the top.
That's right.
We're like, you know, we're like a TV sitcom like Friends or something.
We're going to go out while we're still on top.
I don't think so boys and girls, that's not quite how it works.
You can bet your sweet ass that we will see new games on PlayStation and Xbox this year
And we will probably see that GameCube game as well. I think it's just a foregone conclusion.
We just have to sit here and twiddle our thumbs until the details are announced, which probably
won't be until E3. Honestly. And that's that. Anything you want to add to that, Loki?
What's a GameCube? Smartass.
Jamie, anything you want to add to that?
Now, aren't you excited about new DDR on the console?
I am if I... Yeah, I am.
Now, this is what I'm thinking. How many copies of a video game do you think it would take to sell to call it a success?
A successful... How many copies does a successful video game sell?
Two.
Come on. Like a hundred thousand?
That's decent.
A hundred thousand would be really decent, right?
Now, if one out of every ten people that bought DDR in 2004 were to support a, I don't know,
another music game that Konami would put out, say Beatmania 2DX. If you could convince one
out of every ten people that bought DDR that Beatmania 2DX is a good idea, one out of every
ten, you'd have a successful game on your hands.
If you could say, convince those same one out of ten people to, I don't know, say support an online music game related radio show, we would be rich.
Yeah, I know, I know. Man can dream.
Whereas the figure is actually more like one out of every million actually support that internet, because that would make it what, two? Yeah, that's about how many listeners we have, two.
to. All right. And everyone else is expecting to hear, you know, Tomosuke and the rest of,
you know, the Orange Lounge radio band because they think that this shows... You know, there's
been so many people out there that have actually thought that Orange Lounge radio is related
to Orange Lounge that we finally put a disclaimer on the website at the very, very bottom in
little text. Note, Orange Lounge radio is not affiliated with Orange Lounge the band
from DDR and 2DX and all that. Sorry. Tomosuke does have his own site. It's out there. We
had a link to it once. Just put Orange Lounge into Google and it's the site that comes up
before Orange Lounge Radio? Yes. Before I let my pet peeve bug me anymore, it's Tomosuke.
Sorry. I'm white. Alright. I just, I don't know why. I know a lot of people fear, have
this fear that if they bring out 2DX in America it's gonna be fucked up, but I kinda don't
care. I just really want them to do it. Even if it isn't as good as 2DX's seventh, eighth,
ninth style that's coming out soon, even if it's not that good, give us some new songs.
give us something, something to make it US and I'd be happy. A lot of people would be
very, very happy if you do it. That's my plea. What can you do? Alright. Any other comments
on BeatMania 2DX USA and the hopes and dreams of seeing it happen? We wish, we wish. I know.
Not going to happen, but whatever. See, now Jamie, listen up pessimists. Jamie, you usually
prefer the Japanese mixes to American mixes, usually the games and stuff, but you still
would want to see a 2DX U.S. mix.
Absolutely.
Why?
Just to have it out here.
Another 2DX game to waste my money on, exactly.
Seriously.
I still have to find a copy of Fourth Style somewhere.
And I understand what they're saying in the chat room there, they're saying if you were
to bring 2DX to the U.S. it would have to appeal to the U.S. gamers.
You only have to appeal to one out of every ten people that bought DDR last year to make
this game a success. That's all I'm saying. One out of every ten should not be that hard.
If Donkey Konga can be a success, 2DX can be a success. You know it. I know this in
my heart. A lot of 2DX elitists, I'm not saying everybody that plays 2DX is a 2DX elitist,
but a lot of 2DX elitists out there would have you believe that the masses don't want
to eat up a game like 2DX. But whenever I play 2DX in the arcades, there's always these
people that stand around kind of watching going, ooh, ah, just like with DDR. It's got
a lot of that same appeal to it. I don't know. We'll see. We're going to take a break. We'll
be back. And I guess we'll open up the Skype line. I'm sure some of you guys out there
want to make a comment on this, I'm sure. So if you want to know what the Skype line
is all about, go to www.orangelaundraider.com and click on interact with us and it has all
the information you need there in order to interact with the program via the Skype line.
Meanwhile we're going to play some music and in this break I want to do some Para Para
music so we're going to do that and we're going to start it off with some Ali Japan.
Sounds Like Fun, and we'll be back after this.
This is meant to be together, a wish upon a dream forever
Now our heroes will play the game, and we will see you in front of us
Are you ready for this fight tonight?
Who is that who's trying to see you will play me your part?
I need your plan
We're gonna sing for you
O-re-o-re
I need your plan
Come be the jersey, yo
O-re-o-re
I need your plan
We're gonna sing for you
O-le-o-le, A-le-ja-la-n
You'll be the champion
O-le-o-le, A-le-ja-la-n
A bad body to the music sound down A bad body to the music sound through
A bad body to the music sound through
I'm still alive, I've got fucking soul to cast down
I'm still alive
Come on baby, come on boy Won't you really be the only one in Tokyo?
A bad fight is the future coming
You're all mine
A bad fun, 2000, calm down
Come down, let's do it
He's gonna listen to my word
Whoops, forgot to queue up a promo there that says we're coming back, my bad.
Let me, uh, put something up there.
Hi-ho! Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
There we go! Now we can come back.
Hello boys and girls.
You know the DDR Freak was down earlier this evening, but it's back up now. I guess they were having some server problems.
DDR Freak was down and then didn't you try to get on Bamani style and they were down too? Everybody's broken!
They all broke!
What can you do?
But now the DDR Freak is...
Now the DDR Freak is back up, I went over to the Mod of the Month thread and I voted for Jamie.
I voted for you for Mod of the Month.
of the month. Thank you. I'm not gonna win. I know you're not, because a bunch of people
went in there and flooded for somebody else. But that's okay, you should still vote for
Jamie. Do it! Do it! Alright. Anyway, I was asked to pass along, our buddy explicit, who's
usually here at the show, you know, he has a lot of FUs, he sent along a little private
message to me over on Orange Lounge Radio, and he wanted me to share some stuff with
you guys about the upcoming tournament that's happening on what Saturday this
Saturday Saturday February 5th piss is happening this Saturday so excited
Paradise Island Smacktown sack down or smack sack Smacktown sack down if I have
a lot to drink tonight piss might happen even earlier the Paradise Island
sacktown Smackdown is happening this Saturday February 5th and they're gonna
They're going to have the P.A. pneumonia, like pan pneumonia. Get it? P.A. and pneumonia. Pan pneumonia.
That's their version of perfect attack.
And they're going to have a showstopper freestyle contest. That should be fun.
And, get your ice rockets ready, an initial D grand prix.
Joy and joy. That should be fun.
Golden shower sprawl.
Shut up.
explicit asked me to pass along some updates to the tournament they've
actually lowered some of the prices which is nice so if you were thinking
about it they've actually lowered the price to get into freestyle and try to
pull up the latest update and let's see freestyle price has been reduced to $10
There's only eight if you're pre-registered.
So if you want to pre-register, go to DDR Freak, now that it's back up.
Go to DDR Tournament Chat, or whatever that forum's called, and look for the Paradise
Island thread.
And yes, I know that's a local tournament, so those of you guys on the East Coast probably
are not feasibly going to be going to this, but I did promise we would put that little
local plug.
And at some point during the tournament, I do plan on making a cameo.
I'm going to dabble in the piss for a little bit.
Are you going to get your hands wet?
I'm going to go get my hands wet at piss.
Okay we'll stop.
Seriously.
Oh, damn.
Looking forward to piss.
It'll be fun.
But don't call it that in front of him because he'll get really mad.
He was a really good sport here at the show the other week.
We'll get you the full piss rundown next Sunday on the show.
Hey, he should have not mentioned it.
We would have never thought about it.
I would have never thought, and I'm kind of stupid.
It's all his fault. He can only go to himself.
I know, I know. All right.
Let's see, moving on.
Loki, I know you've been following this a little better than I have,
but I know there was some big news in the Europe DDR scene this week.
Yeah, they announced their new Dancing Stage game,
which I remember had a really dumb name to it.
It's like Dancing Stage Fusion. It's like Dancing Stage Happy Fun Time.
I don't know what the hell it's called, but it's like something.
Anyways, and it's got all the crap that was in...
It's Dancing Stage Fusion.
No, it's not Dancing Stage Fusion. It's called something else.
Hold on. I'm going to look at these pictures here.
Oh, Dancing Stage Day Glow Mix. Was that it?
Day Glow Mix. That's what it was.
No, no, no. That was what somebody said they should call it.
That's not what they really call it.
at the pictures of the cabinet. Let's see, it's Dancing Stage Fusion. That's what somebody
on Freaks said it should be called because of the way it looked. See, Dancing Stage,
not Dayquil. Whatever. Anyway, so yeah, Dancing Stage Fusion. It's got all the same stuff
as the home version. Plus, a few other licensed songs I saw were on there, which you can read
off for me since I don't have the list in front of me. Well now, okay, this is what's
interesting is that imagine if you took Extreme USA and put it in a cabinet and
change the song list a little bit that's pretty much what you got with this mix
yes what sounds like anyway here's the song list three two one stars a a stupid
barber across the nightmare am3p be lovin believe can't stop falling in love
speed mix candy star colors for extreme destiny lovers dive dynamite rave soda
mix firefly familiar feeling whatever that is healing vision angelic mix
heaven and earth which i think is a licensed song it's raining men you know
that one kakumei keep on moving kids in america ladies night la senorita and la
senorita virtual and ladies night we do want to mention is atomic kitten make it
better make it better so real mix Mickey Orion 7-8 sieve mix paranoia max dirty
The Rage Mix, Rapper's Delight, A Hip Hop, A Hip It To The Hop, Still In My Heart, Sink,
Tomorrow Perfume, Tough Enough, Trip Machine, Try To Love You, Une De Toi, Waiting For Tonight,
You're Not Here, and Your Rain, The Rage Mix.
And that's not all of them, that's just what was on the demo cabinet that they had.
not everything that's gonna be on this mix. Not everything that's gonna be in there, there's a lot more stuff.
So, um, it looks pretty good so far, but, I mean, granted, it's just exactly like
Dancy Stage Fusion, or DDR Extreme,
you know, the home versions.
But hey, it's something new, so, yay!
I wonder if they're gonna bring anything over here. Probably not.
Who knows, you might get lucky, some of them might import it, I don't see why not, I mean,
People import stuff from, you know, Korea and, you know, China and Japan and stuff.
Why not from Europe?
I mean, it makes sense to me.
But that's what's going on.
And I don't think they really announced when they're going to be releasing that, but we're
thinking probably the end of this year.
I think it'll be sooner than that.
Whatever. You know they were showing In the Groove at this show too.
Yeah, that was right. The In the Groove was being shown by,
I forget what company it was, Bingoist. They had boasted that
their, um, what was it?
They have, um, at the show they had gotten
200 orders for In the Groove for the UK.
So that was kinda interesting. And they, um, officially announced
in the group to that was the other thing surprise which they
I mean didn't really give any details on it they said yeah we're gonna make one
so
I don't have another in the group debate on the show maybe they'll fix some of
the problems with one in two
but I don't know I'm I them the longer longer this goes on
the more and more I'm buying into the theory of Konami that's what you get
for not putting out any more arcade mixes honestly
they deserve in the groove to be out there at this point I just I don't know
but I still think if they try to release in the groove on a home console there's
gonna be issues I still say that and you can argue all you want but I'm welcome
to my opinion so I can't wait for him to try I I really hope I hope I hope they
do try to release on a home console so we can have this debate and get it over
with. Seriously. If anything, to watch a show like X play Rip It Apart. Well, I don't know.
I don't know if they would. I mean, a lot of, the casual gamer doesn't give a shit.
Right? True. That's how, you know, pieces of crap like Britney's Dance Beat get out
there and get played. I mean, people call Pump It Up that dance game and don't realize
You know what ever happened to fucking Pump It Up coming to the Japanese PlayStation 2?
That's a game that should be, you know, fucking brought over here.
I mean, it's doing well in, like, all these other countries, but, you know, no one wants to bring it over here, obviously, because of the lawsuits and shit.
But yet, stuff like, you know, fucking In The Groove gets out there, I don't understand how, you know, one can be okay and the other one can't.
You see what I'm saying?
don't know so I don't get it but nothing's going on all right I promised
that we would open up the Skype line so that's exactly what I'm gonna do if you
want to call into the show head on over to www.orangelanosradio.com and click
on interact with us I do request Skype actually upgraded to version 1.1 earlier
this week or no I'm sorry actually was earlier this month it was a little while
ago and they have some new features in it so make sure you're upgrade the
latest version hi you're on orange ons radio like Dennis Aku here hello Zaku
how are you fine what's on your mind well I'm just looking over you know now
that DDR frequent went back up again I was looking over the Dancing States thread
and apparently to my surprise during them for some reason during it during
During the whole event, I looked at, you know, I saw two pictures, one of a person, you know, one of the, you know, Konami's area where they had Fusion, there was only one girl playing, and another one with the Pump It Up Exceed 2 section, where there's like, what, uh, ten, like thirty, like about forty people right there carding up.
Yeah, it's one of the most recent posts on the thread, I know what you're talking about.
Yes, and I'm surprised, I thought we were supposed to be behind something like this 100%. I don't get it.
Well, from the looks of it, it looks like that there was some type of event going on at the Pump It Up booth, and so all those people were there, and whereas Dancing Stage just kind of had the machine out there.
Hmm, I don't know, I guess I don't know if I should accept that as an excuse. Anyways, now that we have, now that DDR itself already hit at least 1.2 billion last year...
Zach, I just want to say, for all you know, I mean, we don't know because we weren't there, but for all we know, there was a topless girl playing Pump It Up at that moment.
Really? Not just...
For all you know, so you don't know why all those people were there, but that's one possible reason.
If you look at the picture, they all kind of have that, ooh, boobies look on their face.
Right. Anyways, now that DDR has already sold 1.2 million last year, totaling up to 2.5 million, which, if I'm not mistaken, should almost count for a quarter of all DDR sales worldwide.
I'm going on fuzzy math right now.
I don't have the latest figures.
This should be the perfect opportunity to justify a new arcade mix.
We already have the evidence that this game is profitable in this country.
And so, I don't know, there has to be something done, some sort of action.
We already know people who can make it happen.
If that doesn't happen, we just got to push, you know, we got to basically, you know, we just got to stay on top of this 110%, you know what I'm saying?
Well, I hear what you're saying, honestly, you're preaching to the choir here, you're preaching to the choir here, I'm not going to disagree with you, you are absolutely right, I think that we need to be doing a new USA mix.
We got proof, we have just...
But, I think that the people who...
Yeah, we got to get a new arcade mix.
People who have made it happen previously are trying to make it happen again.
I don't know this for a fact, but I would assume.
I know that there's people that love DDR trying to make it happen.
I don't doubt that they're trying again, but you know, sometimes it's a matter of it's
just got to be the right time.
You got to get the people to say the right thing.
I don't know what it's going to take.
But you don't see silent scope websites out there.
You don't see Silent Scope websites out there with 50,000 dedicated members.
To my knowledge, there is no internet radio station dedicated to the game Silent Scope.
And there's two for DDR.
We can definitely start.
We could start one.
This is a cult following.
You have a game here that...
That's the thing.
You have a cult following.
You have people who love this game to the point that it consumes their lives to an extent.
They basically, you know, they have purpose to make something happen.
And in this case, we could go after a new arcade mix.
The thing is, we gotta make sure we gotta preach to the choir, to people who have seen the sites.
That way we start some sort of movement that could be legitimate and aiming towards a common goal.
Okay, your voice is fading out a little bit here. We had some weird connection issues in your last statement there.
But I got the gist of what you're saying there. You just, you would like to see the masses get together and do something.
Basically.
I think... I doubt I would, you know, I doubt to see something that perfect, but you know, it's worth a shot.
I think the most we can do as fans right now,
continue to support the games. When the home mixes come out, buy the new home mixes as they come out,
support the arcade mixes that are already out there and you know just keep
showing that there's a demand out there for dance games and I hate to say it but
maybe supporting in the groove god I can't believe I just said that would
show folks that there's still a demand out there for dance games although I
don't know I mean I still have mixed feelings on in the groove yeah all right
Well, I'm going to let you go, buddy, because we've got connection issues, but I understand what you're saying, and I hope we can all band together in one happy Bamani Rainbow family.
Take care, Zaku. Have a good one.
I think he was behind. I think he, like, it was weird. I think he was hearing us about five seconds after we said something. Maybe that's a weird Skype thing, I don't know.
Anything you guys want to add to that?
No? All right.
well skype lines open again if somebody else wants to give us a call
we certainly would love to hear what you have to say
otherwise I guess we're gonna go ahead and get into the orange launch radio cage
match next so it'd be something exciting
I'm checking out what's going on in the chat room there
I'm
basically the chat room just kinda saying didn't so-and-so say that there
was going to be a new mix
didn't so-and-so say this now honestly until Konami puts out the press release
it's all hearsay all right I guess what we'll do is we're going to close down
the skyline for right now and what we'll do is we'll go into the Orange Andreo
cage match and we'll open it back up again after the cage match so if you
were thinking about calling in and you want to later then oh actually we're
getting a call right now I'll go ahead and take this one hi you're on Orange
Hey, what's going on? This is Phoenix.
Hello Phoenix, how are you?
Hey.
What's on your mind?
Hello? What's on your mind?
Can you hear me, buddy? What's on your mind?
Hey, what's going on?
Not much, just, uh, I wanted to say hey to Jamie. Hope she's feeling better.
I don't know. Just chilling out, you know? Listening to the show.
show. Jamie's in the kitchen getting herself a drink so she can feel a little
better there. Yeah. Anything on your mind, any comments, response to things
we've been talking about in the show so far, such as the new Europe DDR mix or
you know? I don't know, there just needs to be a new DDR for the US. It's just bogus
that they would just drop it like that. Well there will be a new US mix, it's
just the home it's kind of focused on home right now it is kind of weird well
if you think about it though the US arcade mix has stopped a long long time
ago they really did we only ever had one true US arcade mix and it was kind of a
mediocre game at best but it's the Japanese ones that have really stopped
yeah it was sort of shaky there but I don't know I think they could do if they
really wanted to they could do what they wanted they could come out with a good
one yeah I know I know and it's you know what's interesting though is that you
I don't see Konami of Japan putting out this press release going,
ooh, DDR Festival sold 1.2 million copies this year.
You didn't see that press release.
Yeah, that is true.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.
It just seems like a lot of this stuff is going down.
Like, those websites that got shut down the other night, what was it?
DDR UK and stuff?
Well, I don't know.
Are you talking about like DDR UK getting shut down?
Yeah, those websites getting shut down.
Yeah, but we know that it has nothing to do with Konami. That was more of the MP3s in the song pack, at least assumably.
Now, we're making a lot of assumptions here, but assumably, it was the MP3s that were inside the song packs.
And remember that, if I'm not mistaken, Loki, correct me if I'm wrong, I wasn't a big DDRUK user, but they didn't just have the official song packs.
They had fan ones too, right? Am I correct? Because they did contests and stuff, right?
They didn't have those, but they had links to, like, the shoey, whatever, his little, like, museum, symphile museum stuff, which I'm sure had a lot of crap in it.
Yeah, well, I don't know. I would just, I think StepMania and stuff like that, people are gonna get into that more and move that way, you know, because that's customizable to how you want it.
And I agree, and I think a lot of the cult scene is kind of in there as it is, but until Stepmania is something that's over the counter, I don't think it's a real threat.
Yeah, that is true, though.
It just kind of keeps the cult thing going, and I think that's why Konami hasn't stepped in and done anything about it.
But I think if Stepmania were to be something that was sold over the counter, well, then there'd be an issue.
But then again, what is in the groove? In the groove is Stepmania, basically.
That is, yeah.
so I don't know, but until, and that's why I say that I don't think Konami's gonna do
anything about In the Groove unless they try to invade on the home market, but of course,
you know, In the Groove says they have the patents, okay, whatever, fine, I'm not gonna
dispute that, but I do think if they try to go to the home route, there's gonna be a bit
of, uh, clashing heads there, because that's Konami's baby right now, it's obviously, they're
putting out press releases on it, you know it's their baby, so.
I mean, they have to be planning to do something to put out a press release.
I mean, that would just be silly to be like, we sold a million copies and then drop it.
I was just a little disappointed that they didn't announce anything the same day.
We all know that DDR Mario is in the making in Japan.
So, why not tell us U.S. folks who are going to get it? Because we better be getting it.
I'm not liking the DDR Mario. I think that's going to be a little bogus.
I think Mario's a little played out. That was sorta
in the 90s. Regardless, love or hate Mario,
it's more DDR. Yeah, that is true. So, I don't know.
Alright, any other comments you got for us? No, that's pretty much about it.
Just wanted to call in. It's my first time. Well, thank you for calling in. It's your virgin
phone call. We appreciate it.
We're glad to initiate you into Orange Lounge. Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And Jamie, he did say, you may have missed it because you were in the kitchen, but he did say he
hopes you feel better.
Thank you, I do too.
Remember boys and girls, in order to participate in the cage match, you must be in our chat room. www.orangelaungeradio.com, click on chat.
The way the cage match works, we play three songs for your listening pleasure or listening displeasure.
You pick your favorite. The winning song per the chat room goes into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani Music and More program.
Which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week when we're not live?
You get to hear a clip of last week's winner because
supposedly you were already listening last week or the week before, so you've heard
the whole song already.
So here's a clip of last week's winner. It's a group called
Echo Image. They did the song Skulk in UltraMix 2, you know,
and they have a new song. It's called Endless Day.
So it's last week's winner. It's been winning two weeks in a row now, so if it
wins tonight that'll be week number three halfway to retirement let's see if
we can do it. Here's a clip. Song number one, Echo Image, Endless Day.
But I once said I could be wrong
Yes, I have my reasons after all
Can't find the way to come, we're going back in time
This girl is one of the only ones lost in her mind
Make no mistake, you're gonna find another way
Left behind, there's another and that's it
And we fall
And we fall
Depending on those words that once belonged They used to make much sense but I was wrong
Embracing my events of yesterday
Yes, I should see you walking my own way
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye
To everyone we've done and back and done
All right, though, song number one in tonight's cage match, Echo Image, Endless Day, a clip
of that there.
All right, let's see if it does it again tonight, but we've got to get the challengers in.
First up is DarkSakurasPick.
What'd you pick for us tonight?
Some Eurobeat song.
It's been a while since we've had some Eurobeat in the cage match.
It's Dream, um, different version of Night of Fire, but it's a different mix of the sort of rock mix. I don't remember the name of it.
Now Dream originally did Night of Fire.
No.
No, I thought they did. I'm sorry.
No, that was the guy who did Night of Fire.
Oh, my bad.
And then Dream, I think, redid it.
Okay, so we got Dream, and then they did Night of Fire, which you might know as a 2DX song or a Para Para song.
This isn't necessarily a Eurobeat version of it.
Right, this is a different version. It's Dream of Dream mix. Hmm.
So we shall see. Anything else you want to say about it?
No.
Alright, here it is. Song number two.
Night of Fire, Dream of Dream Mix. Enjoy!
Don't go away
Don't go away
Night of fire!
Night of fire!
Alrighty, that was song number two, Dream with Night of Fire, the dream of dream mix.
Did we here in the studio find that song to be dreamy?
Or not?
Jamie.
I don't care.
I guess that's her final word on the matter.
Uh, Loki.
No.
No, no, no.
No, no.
I was too listening to it, it's Night of Fire, what else do I need to know?
Weren't fucking listening to it.
Get your headphones on.
On one side of my head.
Just like DJ's do.
no I'm sorry I did listen to it and you know what it's still night of fire so it
gets like a seven that's about it though no more because it is eurobeat the
eurobeat part of it you know really I I had a lot of fear going into that but it
actually was pretty neat I actually thought it would be more eurobeat than
it ended up being it wasn't too bad it was kind of catchy I give it like an
Angel. I like it. It's your beat. Your beat is fun. Um, eight and a half. Whatever. Close enough.
Alright, let's get into Loki's pick. Loki, what did you pick tonight?
Um, my song is from a group called Osiris, and it's Oneness with the Universe, is what it's called.
off of them trans compilation I got a while back.
It's good. I don't know.
Alright, let's...
It's only because you don't wanna fuckin' hear Girls again.
And goddamnit, if this doesn't go in, you can expect Girls next week.
Got it?
We will see. Osiris. Oneness with the universe.
let's check it out song number three
And they do, don't they do, don't they do...
Oh, well done, y'all.
How can I stop you?
We can make it through, we can do, can do, can do
Oh
Let's see what folks thought of Osiris, Oneness with the Universe.
Were we oneness with that song or were we better off without that song?
uh, i'm drugged, and it was enhancing my drugged state of mind, so it gets a 7.
alright, uh, loki!
i don't know, the clip i listened to was good, but no, the whole song was just eh, why did i put it in there? fucking a, i should've put girls in there again.
that's right, next week.
score?
I get the four because it sounded too much like you know and yeah that song
you know what with that song I could really picture myself at a rave taking a
nap boring five angel it was okay but you know how those type of songs are
they get kind of repetitive so I was semi zoning out at the end of it so I'll
I'll be nice and give it a six.
Wow. Angel usually doesn't give anything below a nine. That's pretty harsh.
Alright, let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one, Endless Day with, I'm sorry, Echo Image with Endless Day.
Song number two, Dream with Night of Fire, the Dream of Dream mix.
This is song number three, Osiris, Oneness with the Universe.
Alright, place vote now, send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
You know he's right, when you listen to a little clip of that song it sounds pretty cool.
Alright, if I were to just play the clips, I probably would have given that song like a nine.
Alright.
Maybe we'll do that for the cage match one night. It'll just be a clip match.
Then we can put like 30 songs in it would be awesome.
Alright, we'll see.
Uh, so send a private, remember private message.
Some folks are yelling out their votes in the chat room.
Doesn't work that way. Send a private message. If you don't know how to do that, ask.
All I gotta do is ask.
Hi Bugd, I noticed Bugd walked into the room while we were doing the cage match there.
Another local Techmaster type person, not THE Techmassa of Orange Lawns Radio, but A Techmassa.
Wait, get a mic, we can't hear you. He says get a mic.
That's the best shirt ever.
Bugs is wearing a shirt that says, will work for bandwidth.
And it's true. I have.
Unfortunately, you are not THE Tecmasa of Oranzons Radio.
Who do I have to kill? Loki. And then probably you'd have to kill VXJs
and XV2, because really, he's a big tech guy for this station too.
He's more of the web god slash internet penis.
Then Loki's a Tecmasa, you're just
A Techmaster.
Okay, I can live with A.
Like, you're from another department.
I'll take Techmaster Overlord.
That might work, we'll see.
You were a Techmaster before being a Techmaster was cool, really.
This is very true.
Bugden and I went to not only high school together, but junior high school together.
A long time ago. I know Bugden a long fucking time.
And I know Rob's real name. It's Robert.
gets for not putting out a new arcade mix lately. Well now, In the Groove is
going to have some competition. It's a game called Dance Tracks and it's
another new game being put out by some folks. Loki, have you heard about this one
at all? No, I don't keep my finger on the pulse of crap. Well, here we go. You can
actually look at this website if you want to. dtx.pulsenetwork.net. I will be
be so kind as to post a link in the chatroom there, if you want. Now, there really isn't
a whole lot there besides a lot of blue, but they do have some screenshots from the game,
except the screenshots they have are not from the in-game mode. It is the select play mode
screen, which, woo! I'm so, woo, I'm so excited. But what they do post in here is they post
a partial song list. So you look at the track list here, and I notice that L.M.K. is on
the track list. Now, hmm, that's interesting. And let's see, I noticed this, this I thought
was interesting. Ace of Bass with Cruel Summer, Bad Religion with Inner Logic, Mindless Self-Indulgence,
yeah. Mindless Self-Indulgence has a couple tracks on there. Jenny Rom. What precisely
are you to do to these songs? There's other few ones though that these are a little bit
more important a beat drop with phase one beat drop would be the guy that did
days and destroy the remix of hysteria DM Ashura with neon rush so I mean at
least it got some pretty decent people
yeah so it looks pretty good at least they've got some good musicians behind
it and if I remember correctly I do remember hearing this way the hell back
in the day because they were actually going in the Bamai style music
Um, production thread, and they were asking people to help them out with, um, game music and stuff, and so I know these people, like, signed on there.
So that's where I remember this from, at least. But, hey, you know, at least they got better people making music.
So, I see what they have to, you know, show first, you know, can't really go by much of this, uh, menu graphics crap, so...
I dunno. Watch it.
It's coming soon. Here's the staff.
that many of his stuff. Hm. It's kinda neat. We'll see. We'll see. There's really nothing
here for me. Yet. We'll see. I'll keep my eye on this and we'll see. That's about all
I can say. Don't fuck it up, guys! Alright, uh, let's see. Do they really? I totally missed
that. Al Mullet says Queen of Love is on there. Oh my God, they're right. Wildside with Queen
of Love is on there. That's awesome. That's like an English version of Bequia, although
it's not really because it's not actually the lyrics in English. It's just the melody.
But that's kind of neat. Okay, so they have a pretty decent track list so far. It's very
DDR Chibi-ish with a little bit of American flavor in there. We'll see. Interesting. More
as it develops. Skypline's open again. If you would like to send us a call, you can
just head on over to www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on interact with us, and you can
call us on the Skypline. I notice not a lot of people on the Skypline tonight, so I'm
thinking we might not get a whole lot of calls, but it is open. If you do want to give us
a call, again, please make sure you have the latest version. I'm going to be tallying up
those votes for Cagematch pretty soon. What else is in the news this week? I had another
Another article I wanted to talk about, and then I got sidetracked with this DTX thing.
Loki, how about what's going on in the sim scene? Why not? We'll get your sim update
done.
What's not going on in the sim scene is more like it. Still, DDRUK is still down. Same
with DDR Maniacs. It's not looking good for DDR Maniacs. They've been down for months,
So, say goodbye to them probably.
Uhm, DDRUK still down for a while.
I'm gonna bet that they're not coming back either.
Uhm, and then you've got Bamai style.
Uhm, nothing really too much going on there.
Uh, pretty much the only other thing, like I mentioned last week, there's, uhm, a bunch
of different, like, food mix type stuff that's coming out actually.
a bunch of different ones that I was testing out a while back
like last week or so
that are uh...
in the works
let me see here
okay
we've got
let me pulse up real quick here
well we are getting a call
okay take that call
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hello?
Hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Can you hear us? Ah, there we go. There you go. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who is this? This is Rai-Chan. Hi Rai-Chan, how are you?
It's been a while since I've called you guys. I thought I'd just call and say hi.
It has been a little while. Hello to you, my friend.
Yes, um, Joyce is sitting over here working on my katamari hat again.
She's doing the last little bit.
Hello, Joyce, as well. Hope you're doing well.
Yeah, he says hello, Joyce, saying he hopes you're doing well. She waves.
Alright, so...
Because I've got the headphones on, so...
Now, you guys are making hats together?
Yeah, well, she hasn't taught me how to crochet yet, which is the next project.
Teaching me how to do it. She's working on a katamari hat for me,
and then she's going to do one for Jason too.
What exactly is a katamari hat?
There was a girl that sold a hat on eBay recently for $130
that was a crocheted hat that was like a katamari ball.
It had the little bumps on it like the katamari have.
And the little hearts.
I noticed on the little hat it had little hearts in the bumps.
So cute.
Virgo one.
Mine's the one with all the hearts and the pink
and all that sort of stuff. I don't have a really good one in my journal, but I did post
one in Dimashie Loving. So, if you want to see a picture of this, go to the live journal
and look up Dimashie Loving and there's a picture of it. Here, let me see if I can find
that one real quick and I'll post a link in the chat room. Awesome. Chat room again over
at www.orangehontrader.com, click on chat. So, you're going to be learning how to crochet
and you'll be doing a hat as well for yourself or for, or no, the one being made now is for
you.
The one being made now is for me.
And then you're going to make one for Jason.
Well, she's actually got one started for Jason.
Oh, okay.
But you're going to learn how to crochet because it's fun.
Yeah.
Right on, right on.
Well, how about, how about that DDR?
Any DDR news you want to share?
Um, well I started talking to Midihead last night.
Oh yeah?
He was saying something, because I started a step file for House of Joy, and recently just got things set up for Maxim, and I posted in his forum about it, and he sounds really interested. He might actually do some remixes specifically for StepMania.
Wow, that's kind of neat. That guy is so cool.
Minnie Head is the guy we had on the show, it was about a month ago now, it was a little while ago, it was awesome, he's a great guy and he's really, he loves this because he knows it's making him some new fans, he's made a lot of fans thanks to DDR, and that's cool, so you actually made some step files and he's cool with it, he thinks it's a neat idea, huh?
Yeah, he had absolutely no problem with me even sharing them around.
I was talking to him about maybe we can just take and put him up in the VIP area for his site.
He was like, no, it might be pretty cool with you just sharing them around.
Wow, very cool. Where can folks download this? Do you have it up on the web somewhere?
No, actually I don't because I recently recut the MP3 for it.
And then I need to give it back to Jason, because he was working on the heavy steps for it.
Maybe once you guys are done, maybe we can work something out on orangelongstreet.com.
Yeah.
Maybe we can help you out.
That'd be cool.
All right, right on. Cool.
So, anything else you want to share?
No, not really.
I got StepMania set up for hooking it up to my TV downstairs in the basement.
Ah, that's fun.
That's because I've got Joyce started playing DDR.
She's only really been playing for about a month, seriously.
And how's she doing after a month?
She's actually just starting to get into heavy.
She can do some six foot, some seven.
Hmm. Not bad for a month. God.
After a month, I think I was graduating to threes.
So very nice stuff.
You know, she's got those Asian genes in her.
She's half Korean, so she's got it working for her.
Very good.
Very cool.
Good job.
Hey, Jamie just got back in the room.
I've got to share this with Jamie.
Did you know that Rai Chan and her friend Joyce, they're making Katamari hats from
Katamari Damacy?
And yeah.
Yeah, you read the journals, so you probably know, but isn't that so cool?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, right now, Joyce is the only one making them, so.
Okay.
But your moral support, and that counts for something.
Yes.
Very cool. Alright, Raichan, I'm gonna say goodbye, but thanks so much for calling in, and we hope to hear from you again sometime.
Yeah.
Alright, have a good one, buddy.
Alright, goodbye.
Bye.
Okay, alright. Loki is gonna finish his sim file thought.
As I was mentioning before, there's a whole bunch of stuff for, you know, those people out there that were looking for life after FoodMix.
Um, starting off, um, there's a thread that was in, um, Bimani style on their DDR simulation stuff, and it's the, um, Japanese DDR fan mix watch, um, thread, and basically they have a few listed on here that you can go check out, starting with DDR XX mix, which is, um, they said they're currently testing it this week, and the song list so far, um, it's a lot of, like,
Like, DMS stuff. It's kind of, um, I don't know how to really describe it.
But, um, they've got... Let's see here. No, they kind of reverted back. It was...
Nothing.
Okay. Anyways, um, so I played it a little earlier this week. It's pretty decent.
They've got some decent files for that, um, with videos in the background, that kind of thing.
Then we have DDR D3 Mix, which is, um, they only have really one song done on it so far,
the song called J2-19, uh, by Cranky, which is interesting.
Uh, DDR E-Mix, which is all, um, anime J-pop, if you like that kind of stuff.
Um, then we have Strawberry Steps, which is kind of more like an event, not really a mix,
but, um, interesting stuff anyways.
There was another one I found too, something about like pop candy or something mixed, but I don't have the link for that.
Then there's a new theme also that's on the same thread, Stepmania Siberia style, which is basically it looks just like Techno Fiend, it's pretty cool to check it out.
So yeah, that was pretty much what was going on in the sim scene, not really much.
Of course, I mentioned last week that one bondage chick thing that was retarded, but yeah, that's everything.
That was someone with too much free time.
Agreed.
And he wasn't getting laid.
Alright, you guys want to hear who won tonight's cage match?
Jamie says mmm.
Alright, let's find out who won tonight's cage match.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a new champion in the cage match this week, and it is...
I don't fucking believe it.
Night of Fire by a landslide, even. By a landslide.
The other two songs combined did not take that one out.
Wow. I'm surprised, because I just sort of threw it in.
Well, there you have it. It's in there now. The winner...
Dream. Night of Fire. I need to be sick more often. Tune in next week to see if Loki makes
good on his promise. And maybe I'm gonna make a mean pic next week, too. We'll see. Alright.
Let's go to a break, boys and girls. When we come back from this break, I think it's
high time we got into the FUs of the week
because damn it we're getting angsty
in this break
I'm doing fourth mix songs because I'm playing Hypnotic Crisis
and if you were here with me the B4za mix because those songs are cool
oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, we need Saints Go Marching
yes we do, we're gonna do Saints Go Marching and we'll do Ninzabro
hell with it it's a four song break damn you we'll be back after this
get your fourth mix on. We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
If you were here with me If you were here with me
This ain't Sean and I am standing alone I think of you and wonder if you think of me too
I'm back to the town that I was born in To think of my life and to start it over with you
Cause you know we've been in a maze of love And we are losing control to get away
Here I am walking on a hill in the south
Life in my childhood, that seems like yesterday
If you were here with me
You could feel the way I do now
If you were here with me
You could see what I am looking for now
Cause you know we've been in a maze of love, and we are losing control to get away.
Here I am walking on the hill in this town, like in my childhood that seems like yesterday.
If you were here with me, you could feel the way I do now
If you were here with me, you could see what I am looking for now
If you were here with me
Oh
Thanks for watching!
I feel the heat, the vibrations on the streets No situation, it's got great complications
She's part of people living life
But it's always in the fast lane
Like the yellow UK, I'm the Daphne
I see too many blood stains
Too many cars with these rings
She's part of people seeing what's high
I'm saving off like the sky
Keep it real, I'm raking lies
And I'm part of people at five
This is your life, Lukey
Gang, listen up, and stay with the pain
Look at this! Yeah!
Gaming radio, so uncensored
that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, buch- uh, bukkake, Orange Lounge Radio.
Pack's done.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Did you miss us?
I hope so.
Sounds like their aim's improving.
Yeah, I know. Hopefully your aim is improving.
Are your allergies improving yet?
When I lay down.
Okay, well I hope you feel better.
It's okay, I'm just laying- um, um, actually, this- this chair is so huge that I can lay across it.
and I love that chair pretty comfortable
I wanna make love to that chair just kidding I don't I won't
I have to sit here not while you're laying in it anyway
so I'm pissed off about something I know nobody cares
where the fuck is Ultramix 2 song pack 8
what the fuck it was announced like
forever ago now I know
from what I understand Konami submitted it and it's Microsoft's fault they're
sitting on it or whatever
god dammit release it already listen to these songs that are going to be an
Ultramix 2 song pack number 8
Cosmic Cowgirl love that song from D
do I have clips of some of these songs I hope I do
let me see if I got a little clip of Cowgirl or Cosmic Cowgirl
we all know Cowgirl I'm thinking Cosmic Cowgirl
this is like all the way from guitar freaks like what third mix?
cosmic cowgirl was like my favorite song to play on drumania
here it is
that song rocks! I want that damn song
and then this one I can't even pronounce but it's a fun song to play
Ballalakya, Carried with the Wind by Julianne Frost in song pack eight.
More Deep version 2.1, well we already have that one, I'm not so
concerned with that one. In My Eyes, the Neuromix
by Neuropa. That is so cool. Neuropa did like one of the coolest songs in UltraMix 2.
They did Standing Still in Time and they sound like Erasure.
I can't wait to see what they do to In My Eyes, it's gonna rock. And then Kind Lady,
The Interlude.
Notice about this song pack
What a lot of people were bitching about with the Konami song packs is that they
were recycling a lot of old garbage.
Only one old song in this pack
and really it's not even that old. It's only shown up in like
what, two other releases? One in Japan, one in the US on PS2?
So, more Deep version 2.1. Okay, you've seen it before.
But the other four are all new. What a deal!
Five bucks! Microsoft, get up off your ass, put this on the site. I want to download it.
It's new! Damn it!
What's wrong with you people?
I'm just really upset about this.
Maybe I have a little clip of the Kind Lady interlude, too. I was kind of hoping I would have one of those.
I don't know, though. Maybe, uh...
Well, I only have the... I have the Japanese v-rare at some point, but I think I moved it into a deep dark directory I'm not going to find any time soon.
Um... yeah. Oh well, maybe another time. It's alright.
I guess it's time for us to get into the FUs of the week?
Sound good? We don't have to. I mean, we could just, you know, end the show.
Promise?
Alright, you guys can send your FUs of the Week
over to Sky in the chatroom.
Let's start it off. Here we go, FUs of the Week.
Oh! I'm sorry.
Jamie, why do we have to do the FUs every week?
Uh...
Very good. Now use your mouth.
Fall with the bag.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here is...
Fuck you to my allergies, I hate them.
And my cat for sleeping on my head.
I hate my allergies, I'm on all kinds of drugs right now, they're not doing shit to make me feel better.
Also, F you to sneezing messily in my car.
And then to stupid drivers.
And then to my Photoshop teacher, because Photoshop sucks, but he's an elitist.
Um, F you to the seven goblins that followed my ass through the tomb in Final Fantasy 11.
Now you're talking.
Some paladin came by and owned all your asses.
Because you suck.
Um, F you to how slow leveling in that game is.
But it is a very blessed thing that there's not so much of the Ragnarok style newbie talk, which really sucks a whole bunch of ass
F you to
Not having any real concentration other situations that I can't really do anything about
about. Um, F.U. to GameStop, just for the situation involving my fiance. Um, and, that's
really it. Alright then, let's go over to our buddy, Loki, with his F.Us of the week.
Fucking A, okay? First off, fucking Abit for creating a stupid motherboard with five different places to put RAM, and for confusing me for hours because I put the RAM in the wrong spot.
spot don't and see also basically just um looking using my crazy sleep schedule
because I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow not that I really care because it'll be
fun to be getting mad at Erica sleeping for my work and lucky to my goddamn case
because I had to get another hard drive which I'm not even sure I need now just
to get the stupid thing to work with power supply. So that sucks. And that's pretty much
it. I had a pretty good week I think. Well then it's my turn. No they don't, they get
worse. I'd like to give an F you to the government for getting one of my high school friends
killed in Iraq. That kind of sucks. So, F you to the government. F you to Bush while
I'm at it, because I don't like him. I never did. And, F you to the fact that I have to
get up and go to work early tomorrow. That sucks. I don't like that. F you to me being
lazy and not getting anything accomplished, but that's my own damn fault. F you to myself.
and uh...
at the end
i've had a lot of it lately
but i hide it really good on this show
but secretly i'm plotting to kill each and every one of you
thanks for the morning welcome
let's see what the other folks in studio have to say starting with bug
yes double F you to the government
and uh... i've heard from various
people that I haven't heard it from in ten years.
Yeah, it was a very strange phone call today, because this person was very close to the stranger who died, and it was kind of strange.
F-you the diesel prices, as always.
Not F-you the running diesel prices.
we still get way good miles to the gallon so shut up
oh that sucked too
We did a memorial last week, but that still sucks.
I wasn't wrong.
That's right.
And, uh, let's do that.
Pretty good deal.
I need computer hard drives for my iMacs.
I saved a laptop by pulling a hard drive out,
moving files over for a UC Davis college student.
Putting them on my elder iMac.
I have the rules.
She was happy.
She had a computer that worked.
Okay, now I get it.
Yeah, yeah, there you go.
I don't want to.
Anything else?
Uh, not really.
Alright.
Angel!
A few to people who have a problem with me and won't come to me and come to my friends instead. That's all I have to say.
Alright.
And now we're going to get to the FUs from the chat room.
from the chat room. However, before we get to the FUs from the chat room, I would like
to offer a little bit of a reminder about the FUs of the Week segment here on this program.
Let me get my reminder music up if I could do this here. Boys and girls, we do, we here
at Orange Tons Radio do the FUs of the Week as a service to you and ourselves because
we certainly get a load off of our chest. Now, luckily, we're a small program and nobody
listens to us, so pretty much anybody who submits their FUs will get it read on the
air. One day, we will be bigger than God, and we're not going to read your FUs anymore
because we won't have the time. We'll have a little dark corner of the website where
you can post them. But for now, we read your FUs on the air. However, there are some exceptions
to this rule. We do not read FUs of a personal nature. In other words, if you're going to
rant about somebody else, we're not gonna read that F.U on the air and of course there's
an exception to every rule. If you're gonna rant about your teacher, we'll read that F.U
because your teacher doesn't like you either, fine we'll read that F.U. F.Us to your parents,
yeah everybody has F.Us about their parents once in a while. You know you love your parents
but some days you wanna kill them. Guess what? They feel the same way about you. They love
you most days but some days they wanna kill you. And wish you never been born. So we will
allowed the FUs to teachers and parents and bosses. We all hate our boss. Actually, I
love my boss. I'm very, I love my boss. I love people I work with. But I know a lot
of you work in retail, so you don't. So that's fine. You can give an FU to your boss. Those
types of FUs are fine. However, if you're going to give an FU to like an ex-boyfriend
or an ex-girlfriend or an ex-best friend or an ex-what? Ex-wife. Well, some exceptions.
I still let some exceptions even with that, but for the most part, if you want to give
an F.U. about those types of things, let me give you a phone number, 1-800-96-GERRY.
That is where you can go to handle your problems.
Please do not send them care of Orange Lounge Radio.
We don't want to get caught in the middle of your bullshit.
Thank you.
And now, the chat room FUs of the week.
Ah, let's see, VX JasonXV says, F you to Tifa, that's all.
Ry Chan says, oh Joyce first, she's sending Joyce's.
Joyce says F you to sick demented fruit cakes that feel they can abuse animals and then
don't even bother taking them to a shelter and leave them to fend for themselves.
Ry Chan says F you to all the people at Walmart on Sunday afternoons.
on people there has to be something better for you to do than stand in the
middle of the aisle while your children run around like they're in a playground
brp Ohio Bamani the big red pimp says f you to food network for showing stupid
American football party specials that make him wait for Iron Chef America to
come on again flay vs. Ming all right allusion says f you to the super blue
Sphere levels in Sonic 3 and Knuckles for being so damn hard to beat and F you
to my cousin though more of an in-your-face F you because we played
Texas Hold'em last night and I started with 18 pennies and ended up with 80
flush that you bitch Dark Knight says F you to freeze my ass off because of this
weather and F you to school for screwing up my financial aid because without the
aid I can't attend college for the summer now Legend of Zaku says F you to
currently being unemployed F you to Sony for releasing the piss-poor slim ps2 and
F you to the ongoing worldwide shortage of them and F you to selling my Chinese
textbook last semester not knowing I was going to need it for the second part of
the class this semester thus having to buy a new one and not being prepared for
a murder of a quiz tomorrow SSJ 100 Matt says F you to emo boy from Thursday
night show for sassing me about sports games so that was light lanky style F
FU to... oh, that is a personal FU. Sorry.
Dork says FU to girls. Cry. Me. Bye.
Lovely. Thank you guys for sharing your FUs with us.
We feel you're angst.
Oh, Jamie has another one. Let me get your song.
No, you don't. Me too. Just to myself.
Okay, why why but we love you Jamie
When in doubt all right
Here here
Let's see a stalker I
I think you have a couple in our chat room. I think I think Phoenix
well Phoenix said he was a fanboy. I think he's more of a fanboy than a stalker.
You want a stalker? I do just because
it would be fun and interesting. Alright well. And then I could like
hunt them down and kill them as revenge and then get on the news.
Alright if you want to stalk Jamie send those emails to jamie at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
And did you know it'll also work for Rob at orangeslauncherider.com or Loki at orangeslauncherider.com?
Yeah, I agree. If anyone puts a personal F-you in again, we stick a Nevada-ton on them.
She can go after them with a box cutter.
Hey, did you know that the Dance Mania folks updated their website?
Dance Mania, you know, being the series that DDR got a lot of its music from in Japan.
Japan. They've got a new album coming out soon. It's Disco Viking. No, it's a lot of
really interesting old songs. Listen to some of these songs that are on the CD. Call Me
by Blondie, The Reflex by Duran Duran, David Bowie with Let's Dance, Sheena Easton with
Modern Girl, Heaven is a Place on Earth by Belinda Carlisle. A lot of these songs show
up on a lot of DanceMania albums. Belinda Carlisle. An Upside Down by Cuckoo. Okay,
that song is on like... Raichan is my official stalker now. Who is? Raichan. Cool. Never
Gonna Give You Up by Rick Astley. Oh, get this. Vacation by the Go-Go's. Love that song.
Telephone Operator by Pete Shelley. I think that song's been in just about every other
The
Steve Miller band, Abracadabra.
We gotta go to a break, cause Jamie's foaming at the mouth, she wants to get into the chat
room, or she's gonna, she's gonna regulate, so we have to log out on the main screen so
we can get her in.
She wants to be cyber-stalked by those of you guys, so we gotta...
Yes, apparently we're not doing a good enough job for her in person.
Alright, we're gonna play some Euromix songs in this break, because I wanna hear Video
Kill the Radio Star.
So we're gonna do some Euro- some varying Euromix tracks.
then we'll be back. Oh, and Jamie wants to hear Kids in America, so I guess we can pull
that song in there too. We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
The video killed the radio star
Pictures came and broke your heart
And now we meet in an abandoned studio
We hear the playback and it seems so long ago
And you remember the jingles used to go
You were the first one
You were the last one
Video killed the radio star
In my mind and in my car
We can't rewind, we've gone too far
I sit here alone and I wonder why, Friday night and everyone, I can feel the heat but it's soothing, heading down, I search for the beat in this steady town.
Steady down, down the yard with our growing
Down, down the yard with our growing
We're the kids in America
We're the kids in America
Everybody lives for the music around
I thought that I was wounded, yeah Just after one of these days, yeah
You didn't know what to do
Then there was you
And everything went so wrong tonight
And the story might have been a concern
And the music you were playing really blew my mind
And the love
It broke tight
Cause baby when I
When you fall in love for that I do
We warm up to be a star
We see and I see and I see
When you fall in love for that I do
We are one, we are one
Do you feel the same?
I want you to want me for all that I am
And I'll never leave you behind
I want you to be by my side, you're always on my mind
Baby, am I the only reason to stop this game?
Tell me, do you feel the same?
I want you to want me for all that I am
I hope that you will try to understand
Do you feel the same?
Do you feel the same?
Or would you have warned me for all that I am?
I hope that you will try to understand
Do you feel the same?
Do you feel the same?
Do you feel the same?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and we want to get into some Ask Orange Lounge
So if you have a question for Orange Launch Radio about anything, really, you can ask
us damn near anything and we'll answer it, send us a private message in the chat room.
Just head on over to www.orangelaunchradio.com, click on chat, and if you're not sure how
to send me a private message, my name is Skye, then just ask somebody in chat room and they'll
be happy to help you out.
Smiles, chat room, smiles.
All right.
But first, I want to give some plugs, we got a few plugs we want to give out.
As we mentioned earlier in the show, the Orange Lounge Radio Podcast, it's a downloadable
version of our show, about, what, 15-20 minutes?
Very cool.
No, you do not need an iPod to listen.
It's developed for any type of MP3 player, including your computer.
You can just listen to the show on your computer if you want.
But the really cool thing is that if you happen to have some type of portable device, the
show is really designed to be something that you listen to on the go.
So check it out, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
on Orange Lounge Radio to go. We have more programs throughout the week, more live shows
including Monday Nights, Diversion, the Orange Lounge Radio Balani remix show, very cool
remixes of songs, it's very different sort of sound for the station, check it out. Tuesday
Nights is Dark Sakura, a public volume request show, listen, and it's cool and stuff. I'm
and it's cool and stuff. I'm sorry I should elaborate a bit more.
It's really awesome and normally I don't
sound like I'm about to die. About a quarter to seven is when pre-show starts.
And you have themes, right? Sometimes.
When you feel like it. Thursday nights on the station, Orange Lounge Radio
presents
Outside the Box. We've actually been live for the past couple weeks. We're going to be live again this
this week, so check that out. All that other video game randomness, and as one of our chat
room, I forgot who said this, one of our chatters put it, emo boy, lanky style is on that program
as well as myself, and sometimes rice princess when she feels like showing up. Friday nights
over on The Freak, you can hear this very show rebroadcast, that's DDR Freak Radio,
www.ddrfreak.com Hey people if you want to help us out you can always listen to
the station 24 hours a day seven days a week places you can vote for us right
now our podcast is listed on another search engine right now and hey you
could really help us out by going and rating the podcast of five it's I think
it's podcast alley or something like that I'll give you guys a link and if
you would be so kind just to go there and rate us a high rating then you know
We're high rated and people like that. So, you know help Horace out a little bit. And what else is there? There's
Something else. Oh the live 365 Awards are coming up again soon
They aren't taking nominations yet
But we'll be needing your help because we want orange was ready to be able to take over the world
So please help us out with that. We love our listeners that help us out with those things
It's all about you guys
Comments to the show can always be sent to Rob at orangeloungerator.com or Jamie or Loki at orangeloungerator.com any of them
Alright, uh, let's see
We're gonna go into ask orange lounge hey dark night
Send me a private message with more information on what you're saying in chat room. I'm too lazy to type right now. This is great
I'm just gonna talk to the chat room
tonight
Alright, forget it. But Dark Knight, send me a private message with a link to more information
and I will do so. Alright, let's get into Ask Orange Lounge. This is your opportunity
to ask us some stuff. Let's Ask Orange Lounge. Some stupid question. What will we find out
this week on Orange Lounge Radio. Will we find a cure to Jamie's allergies or will we
find a cure for Matt's big angst? There's no cure, no cure. Question number one from
BRP Ohio Bamani. The podcast has potential for much more. Are you guys considering any
podcast-only segments? The easy answer I have to that is yes.
We already have a podcast-only segment. Yeah, we do have some podcast-only segments.
We have Dark Sakura's advice column, which is a podcast-only segment. We're hoping to
have more segments in the future. It's still in its infancy. I mean, what, tonight we're
going to do episode number five, I think? Episode five or six of the program? The show
was still in his infancy. This show sucked when it first started too. Remember, the cage
match didn't show up until episode 20, and some of the segments, you know, it didn't
show up until later on. And now we whore them out. I mean, if we didn't have these segments,
we wouldn't have a show. The podcast would do the same thing. The other cool thing about
the podcast is that it's very flexible, is that we could, if we wanted to, if we were
on the road somewhere, Loki's trying to build us an on the road computer that's
going to be inside an Xbox. In fact, if you look on cam, you can kind of see
Loki's head. That's what he's working on right now. He's working on the Xbox PC. We
have a plan that this year from E3, we're going to be giving you updates via the
podcast every day on what we've seen at E3. Honestly, if you were to watch this
coverage on television on one of the tech stations on TV, you'd be waiting a
a couple weeks to a month to be seeing these sorts of updates. If you were to be reading
about it in a magazine, you'd be waiting like six to eight weeks to see this stuff. Even
other websites take a couple days sometimes. We will have live audio from E3 the same damn
day. It's going to rock. That's the kind of cool stuff the podcast is going to present.
That's what we're planning to do. So, all those sorts of things. So thank you very much.
hugs and kisses. Alright. Let's get to some more questions here. What else do you guys
think could be done with the podcast? Anything you guys want to add to that?
We could even do other podcasts for some of our spin-off shows.
Yeah, we do have that ability, honestly. So, we shall see.
Alright.
Dead air, dead air. Sorry, I'm posting a link in our chat room right now
on how folks can help pour us up.
I can make the grudge sound again.
That's fun.
What?
This is really creepy.
I said I just took apart a laptop battery.
That's fun.
Fun.
What's inside?
Batteries.
Scary stuff that could hurt me.
Legend of Zaku has a question.
What licensed songs would you like to see on an American 2DX mix, if it happens?
Any requests for an im- Shaft.
The theme from Shaft.
Jamie says Temple of Butt.
She's yelling from the laundry room.
Angel, anything you want to say?
I don't know, all of a sudden I
thought of the BT song from
Extreme. I don't know why, I just kind of thought of it, I don't know.
Simply being loved.
Yeah, I was going to say that, but I don't know.
Either that or just something different, I don't know.
Dude, Skulk would be actually kind of fun to play. Oh my god, yes.
any echo image. Just honestly, team up with a different drum. Let Konami Hawaii do it.
And team up with a different drum. Because that would be so hot. So that and what other
songs would be good? Actually a lot of the crossovers they've had in DDR might be fun
like Dirty Vegas would be kind of cute. What else would be fun? I'm trying to think of
songs that haven't really been in DDR yet. Or 2DX. Actually, you know what, even though
the song's already been in 2DX, and it's a really horrid song, I really want to see it
in 2DX USA, Deadline. I love Deadline. Love it. Honestly, just go to like Robin's Entertainment
and just put anything from those dance compilations. Just give us some Lasko, some Ian Vandal,
I don't care. All that stuff would be cool. I want that Come Into My Dream song by Froggy.
come into my address, because that has a really cool beat to it, so. Ooh, definitely, do that.
Do that. All right, let's see. Illusion has a question. Illusion wants to know, okay,
he's done a lot of soul searching here, and he's wanted to ask this question for the longest
time. Weeks have gone by, sleepless nights because I couldn't ask this question, he says.
Here is his question. Is Jem truly outrageous?
Truly, truly outrageous.
Jem is adventure. Jem is excitement. Jem is lame. Jem is not lame!
She is not, but the dolls have really huge heads.
But the Misfits? Their songs are better. And they're gonna get her.
It was all about later in the series when Jetta showed up and played that black saxophone.
phone. I was like, my hero forever.
They got other songs. But one of the songs they do is so cool. You've got to hear this.
I've got to find the directory it's in though. My computer is a big fat mess right now.
It is actually a cover. You're not going to believe this. It's a cover of the Gem theme song.
That is awesome. Play it.
I'm gonna play a little clip of it. Okay, I'm only gonna play like the first verse.
Here it is.
Truly truly truly outraging
Whoa, tramp
Come on
They're the misfits, they're gonna get her.
Isn't that cool?
Yeah, I have to tell a little story about Freeze Pop.
Alright, tell a story about Freeze Pop.
Freeze Pop is from Boston. I have a bunch of friends in Boston.
They were...
My friends were at a club, and
this guy was going off about how he hates
and hates Freeze Pop because they sound so fake.
Meanwhile, the lead singer of Freeze Pop was standing behind him, just fuming.
Yeah.
And apparently she could really kick ass.
Did she I don't believe so freeze-pop is so awesome
It was pointed out that the elite singer that he really hates the sound of was standing right behind him and he I guess he left
Much to his own behest. Oh my god. We need to get freeze-pop on this show. I
Doubt that's even possible, but I would try to stick around Boston. No, I don't have to be here
We get we do have the phone thing
Yeah, see? We got Midihead on this show, dammit! Anything's possible.
I'll see what my contacts can do.
Ooh! Have your, yeah, have your people talk to their people, and then have their people contact my people. And we'll have a people party.
Yay people party. Or did you get the ender before?
Awesome. All the time. Non-stop.
DarkSakura, I know you're a big Gem fan, and a FreezePop fan, what'd you think of that?
That was pretty neat.
I love the Misfits part. That's like the best part of this song.
We are the Misfits. Our songs are better.
Have you heard this song? Okay, you know what?
I don't care. I'm going to play another little clip of a Freezepop song.
I don't care that we're kind of off on a tangent right now.
It's our show. We can do whatever we want.
But you have to hear this song because they talk about video games in it.
I'm only going to play a little clip of it.
But you have to listen because in the beginning they sample a Speak and Spell.
It is so awesome. Listen to this.
and it spells out freeze poop. Listen, listen, I'm not even kidding, it's awesome.
F-R-E-E-Z-E-P-O-O-P.
Wrong, try again. F-R-E-E-Z-E-P-O-P.
You are correct.
I don't have new headbands Asteroids are Donkey Kong
Don't look here for Tetris Even Super Wario
Don't ask me I told you though Don't play with me
I am not your choice. Oh, can't you see? I am the perfect one.
tell me that song is not cool pretty cool
I'm gonna play that song in its entirety later just you wait alright enough
freeze pop thank you illusion for sending me all those songs is awesome
let's see uh moving on right Chan and Joyce are sending this question will
orange lounge radio ever get a studio pet if they make ferrets legal you guys
I was going to say, I thought the ferrets were the pets. I was wondering where they disappeared to.
We haven't had the ferrets in the show in a long time. I think the ferrets got buried under crap.
I don't know where the ferrets are. They're around somewhere. Look around. They're somewhere.
There might be some next to your chair. Don't you usually have them during the show?
If I bend over, my nose is going to start draining again.
We got the ferrets around somewhere. Basically, the reason why we don't have an actual pet
is that, I don't know about Loki, but I am far too irresponsible to have a pet. I will
kill it. I'm the type of person that will come home and say, oh shit, I forgot to feed
a cat this week.
It's not about caring for the pet. It's about the $500 deposit for the pet.
Oh yeah, that's part of it too.
Fuck that.
Yeah.
There's a lot I could do with $500. Like piss it away on some computer that I won't use.
exactly so um... you know i just don't have the desire to get a pet
uh... as far as ferret and besides
besides like um...
brp said
they already have a studio pet, his name is loki
and ferrets actually smell very bad even if you do that
i want a penthouse pet
ferrets are mean little shits too seriously
ferrets are evil because they bite things and they bite
through your finger
Only if you raise them wrong.
And at night, and after midnight, if you feed it, they turn into rabid little creatures
and...
Dude, no.
So is Loki.
Why do you keep him around?
Because he actually pays rent.
But that's funny.
We can tape him and put him on the internet, yeah, and he pays rent.
Would a ferret go out and get a job and pay rent?
I don't think so.
My friend's ferrets were cool.
He named them Koto and Poto and then he was going to give them to me before I moved out
here.
And then I found out that I couldn't have ferrets out here.
I would just like to add that Joyce is saying Joyce has a pair of really sweet ferrets, and she says ferrets
You don't because they are like a large hamster
Well, they're like a really small cat mixed with a hamster
Just what I need a giant hamster think of all the gay jokes I'd hear of with that one
What'd you sit on exactly?
I'm getting told by Joyce. Don't get me started. I know how to take care of ferrets. Do not underestimate ferrets.
They're illegal in California. California says no to ferrets. They will terminate the ferrets.
That's got to be one of the worst Arnold impressions.
paid to impersonate Arnold yeah what about what about that can't hear you put
the microphone next to your mouth we can actually hear you did you see much that
movie that they're doing about the governor no what about it it has this
old guy that doesn't look or sound like Arnold but it's supposed to be him it
It sucks.
That is all.
So that would be like me playing Arnold.
Yes.
California!
I crack me up.
Alright.
You crack you up or you're on crack?
Both.
Difference?
Let's see.
Dark Knight is sending a question, hey, quick question thinking about the Capcom and Namco
thing.
This was posted to our website, they're doing a Capcom cross Namco game, it's going to be
like an RPG featuring both characters.
I was wondering if Namco and Sega will finally do a Tekken vs Virtua Fighter game for real.
God I hope not because I hate Virtua Fighter.
Honestly we are really not the people to be asking on that subject.
Write letters, show love, maybe it'll happen.
I just want Tekken 5 to be out now.
On console?
Yes.
That'd be pretty hot.
Dan's saving a Tekken 5 poster for me to go in my cubicle.
When is that supposed to come out? Do we have a release?
I don't know.
Not right now.
I honestly don't know. That would be neat. Crossover games can be neat, but we don't know.
Here's a question maybe we can help with.
Let's see. Darkknight says, another question I need your help on. Choosing an anime character to dress up as when I go to a local convention in June. Should I dress up as a character from B-Blade, or land from Mega Man and T-Series?
Go with the second one.
I think you should dress up as a milkmaid.
Super milk child?
Yes. Go as Ranma because it's one of the only animes I've actually seen.
Okay. Ranma cosplay
should have been buried five years ago. What about Sailor Menshi?
That really killed everyone right there.
The last AX I went to though had an Utena cosplayer
who went as Utena in the boys uniform.
and it was a guy cosplaying her who looked very female but it was it was
really good cosplay and then he went around later in the the girl style with
the shorts and everything and then there was the Umi cosplayer who was a guy at
Fana Mae 2001
what's it the mob ass I don't know what I didn't I don't even know how to
to pronounce that. It's Dumubas. No, it's Dumas. Mr. Dumas. I love it when people make
typos and everybody jumps on them. Haha, you said Dumubas. Let's start internet trend now.
Whenever you say dumbass or type dumbass, always spell it like that. Dumubas. Just like
pwned you heard it here first to move ass to move ass shut up you do move ass
all right let's see Joyce wanted to clarify a few things about the pet
ferret they're tasty she's getting that is not what she's saying you sure as I'm
sure. It became illegal because of wrong scientific information in the 1930s that they are wild
animals and non-domesticated. They've been domesticated for so long that they couldn't
survive in the wild. The AFA is working on getting them legalized in California. But
in the meantime, you know what? I don't want to go to jail over a ferret. You know, I don't
want to be sitting next to Bubba. You're just going to slap a fine on you. What are you
here for? You know, I asked Bubba, Bubba, what are you in here for? I'm in here for
committing murder. I murdered a guy over drugs. What are you in here for, gay boy? I owned
a ferret. Okay, you're not going to go to jail for owning a ferret, but that would be
funny. That would be a great sitcom. Another big guy. I'm in here for ripping the tag off
a pillow. It's another episode of Bubba and the Gay. Oh my god, this ferret was like tearing
apart my curtains. I was so mad. I just had an image of like a little Korean lady in the
background going, are you the gay? Are you the gay? The Korean lady can be like the warden.
I think it would be very funny to put
gay man and Bubba in the same cell. What is that accent? I don't even know what I'm doing.
Forget it. Korean Italian?
Really spicy spaghetti I guess?
Ry Chan says Bubba might like me though.
You got a purty mouth.
My ferret had a purty mouth.
Jaded2005 has a question.
Why doesn't someone change the webcam
so people don't look at the couch the whole time?
You need to come here more often.
Yes, yes I know. So people, let me finish the question. Why doesn't someone change the
webcam so people don't look at the couch the whole time?
Because it's not going to be pointed at me. Yeah, we have a ban.
Alright, I'll get on the fucking cam.
Alright, Jamie's inching her way towards the cam so that you can see something new.
Uh, basically, what are you doing?
Jamie's made her way to the c- okay, Jamie's on the cam right now, a little piece of-
JAMIE!
A little piece of Jamie, for you guys, on the cam.
Basically, the way the cam is set up, it's actually inside that massive arcade cabinet that Loki has set up,
and it's a real bitch to take the iToy out of it and put it somewhere else.
else. Now, there have been previous episodes. There was an episode not that long ago where
we actually had the IToyCam pointed over this way.
Well, it's not really that much of a bitch to take it. Okay. Yes, it's a huge bitch to
take out of the cabinet. Oh my God, the-
Painted in mumbass.
Yeah, exactly. What? Yes. Painted in mumbass. We're gonna make this catch on. You're gonna
like it. It's just like Death Cake.
The chat room has a request for you to do your grudge face on cam.
She's gonna do it.
I don't have a grudge face.
It's just me with my mouth open.
Think fish.
No.
All right, illusion as a question.
Since you've got ten minutes of no questions, I suppose I'll ask another.
Hey.
What's your favorite freeze pop song?
Obviously I'm having an orgasm over them recently.
Science Genius Girl remix.
The live one.
Dude, you know what Science Genius Girl remix rocks?
No, Loki, none of them is not the correct answer.
We're gonna kick you in the demub ass now.
Don't be such a demub ass.
It's the Science Genius Girl mix that sounds like it was done on a Game Boy.
Oh boy, listen to this, it's so cool.
One times two times three
When I clone a human being
Oh, boy, oh, boy.
Yeah, think about it this way, Dark Knight. You are on the cutting edge of a new internet trend.
My favorite, my favorite, uh, freeze-pop song for the record would be the, um, um...
Oh, God, I forgot the, I forgot the name of it.
What a fan I am.
shit meanwhile listen to Jamie just choke over there or whatever she's doing
what's this about stakeout that's the name of the song stakeouts my favorite
free swap song all right let's see I think we're about wrapping up the show
we're pretty much done boys and girls but we have to get everybody's final
thought before this show can be over. Bug, your final thought. Angel, your final thought.
Online games are addicting. Dark Sacra. Loki, your final thought. My final thought is I
I made a mess and didn't do anything.
Now I'm back to square one. You made a mess, now clean it up. I did clean it up, that's what I'm doing right now.
But uh...
I hate this stupid thing.
You know what? I could have bought a laptop for the money. I built this damn thing and it would have been more powerful too.
Probably.
Go fake. But not as leet.
I guess, whatever.
Um, let's see.
Um...
And then, um, my final thought would be, um, 1-800-96-JERRY. That's my final thought.
The final word of tonight's show, bugged, I'm gonna give it to you, buddy. One word
to sum it all up, this show. What is it, my friend? See you next week, guys.
DUMB-UM-ASS.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami, konnami,
konnami.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright guys, we're gonna go back to our Bomani Music and More program, featuring all your favorite DDR2DX and DanceMania favorites.
Did you know our show is being bootlegged? I just found a bootleg site.
Somebody's posting episodes of this show up on a bootleg page. We should sue them.
We're gonna sue! No, I'm just kidding, we're not gonna sue. That's kinda cool.
Orange House Radio's being bootlegged, that's so cool.
I didn't do it. I am innocent. Thank you.
I know you didn't do it. I know who did it! They signed their name on the page!
I know damn well who did it! That's alright.
We think it's cute. That's my official word on the matter, it's cute.
Alright, have a good one you guys, we'll see you next time.
