And as we wind down I-95, yeah, our shadow's taller than our soul.
Hey, there's that lady we all know, she's shining white light and wants to show.
And if you listen very hard That tune will come to you at last
All for one, one for all Baby, you're rockin' the tune
I said, roll, roll, roll.
I said, roll.
And, she's, buying, a stairway!
Agh!
Kevin!
And I'm sailing!
Should've been, could've been, would've been dead
If I didn't get the message going to my head
I am what I am
Most motherfuckers don't give a damn
Oh baby, think you can
Be my girl, I'll be your man
Someone full of fun, do be tellin' well done
Little woe, keep comin' for my stun gun
Beware, take care
Most motherfuckers have a cold ass snare
Oh baby, please be there
Suck my kiss, cut me my share
Hit me, you can't hurt me
Suck my kiss
Kiss me, please, pervert me
Stick with this
Is she talking dirty?
Give to me sweet sacred bliss, your milk was made to suck my kiss!
I took her out, it was a Friday night
I walk alone to get the feeling right
We started making out, and she took off my pants
But then I turned on the TV
And that's about the time she walked away from me
Nobody likes you when you're 23
And I'm still more amused by TV shows
What the hell is ad?
My friends say I should act my age
What's my age again?
What's my age again?
Then later on, on the drive home, I called her mom from a payphone
I said, I want the cops, and your husband's in jail
The state looks down on sodomy And that's about the time that bitch hung
up on me Nobody likes you when you're twenty-three
And I'm still more amused by bank phone calls What the heck is call ID?
My friends say I shit at my age, what's my age again?
What's my age again?
Look at those stars, see how they shine for boo
And all the things you do
They call it yellow.
Thank you.
Very nice.
Thank you very much.
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you very much.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh, God.
Call me Daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live!
This is episode number 128 for this January the 23rd of 2005.
You're tuned in to the B money scenes!
Most fabulous radio station of all things, but money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the Happiest Bunny on the Farm,
It's Jamie Summers, AKA DarkSakura.
You're not on, honey.
Yeah, what up?
There you are.
No, I'm turned on.
What up, my homie?
Oh, it's going to be one of those nights, is it, huh?
I'm full of angst.
Oh, hooray, my favorite.
I'm full of, like, crappy angst.
We haven't had angsty Jamie in a while.
We haven't had the grudge chick in a while either.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Massa, Loki!
Hi.
And we are joined by many special guests, many of which are walking through the door
right this moment, so I'll give them about 13 seconds to get their ass on a microphone
or they're getting skipped.
Say hello to...
Is she there?
say hello to the orange lounge madam pixie dust
I haven't seen you in a long time girl
fire!
are you going to be doing a strip show on cam?
all right also here tonight say hello to victor
aka no stylin
Hello, how are you?
I'm doing quite well, Rod.
I have to interject.
Yes.
There's a request to hear the croak again.
Uh...
Do not adjust your radios.
Also joining us, say hello to DDR Angel, who has appeared to have spilled some beer on her shirt.
Shut up!
Um, we're not going to- SEE, I TOLD YOU HE'D NOTICED!
It wasn't beer, but okay, um...
That's not beer!
It's vodka.
Shut up.
Okay, well, you remember your little episode last week where you almost spilled drink on yourself?
Yes.
Yeah, that happened to me in the car.
Was pixie dust flying over speed bumps again?
yeah kinda except the fact that she tried to make me laugh while I was
trying to drink an energy drink that didn't taste very good so oh no wait I
can't hear you hon is the mic on over there yeah
pixie does speak pixie to speak what it's only a three-hour show what was
Well, she was looking like she was taking a shit while she was drinking the energy because her eyes just went to like...
Right.
Anyway, okay, that's the story. Nobody cares, buh-bye.
Alright, I know we have more special guests. We have some surprise special guests who are going to show up any minute. I'm very excited about that.
And, um, whole much more stuff to talk about tonight. Um, Konami has a big fat announcement and people think they've figured out what it is.
We've got Dance Dance Revolution Mario stuff. It's great.
I know what the Konami announcement is. You know, all the people in power there have a humongous daikon up their butt.
The Konami announcement is... Get a life!
No, I'm kidding. We'll be talking about all that stuff and how was your week, how was your day.
All your favorite segments, etc, etc, etc, right after this.
This break is all by request. I'm doing this as a favor to one of our buddies in chat, and it's all UltraMix II music.
so enjoy and we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio
Let me tell you something you don't know Let me tell you something you don't know
Let me tell you something you don't know
If you keep those secrets I won't know
If you keep those secrets I won't know
Oh, oh, oh, oh
See ya, see ya, see ya
On my own
And it keeps me hanging on
Understand me now
Listen to the words I'm saying baby
I found my soul
And it keeps me hanging on
Understand me now
The frequency of the beat gets higher
Baby, don't be too strong to survive
All the mysteries of life
Only fantasy keeps you away
In the soul you're free
Of the broken chill
So keep on, keep on, keep on
If you don't stop, don't fear
You'll run away, you're gonna fly, yeah
Baby, that's up to none
Just keep on living, don't stop
Even the devil's the queen
He's gonna get you when you're teaching him how to pray
Baby, I'm tough enough
I need you there
Cause I need you there
Oh, tonight
But keep on lookin' for me
If you don't come, don't feel, run away
Go for the fire
Baby, I'm tough enough
Just keep on lookin' for trouble
Stop givin' the devil to me
So keep on living, don't stop giving it down Get up and feel the heartbreak, baby, that's
enough Baby, that's enough
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners?
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks.
Did you have a question?
Well, yes, actually I wanted to know.
Can I please have your first name only and your birthdate, please?
Uh, well, no, I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no he's not, but what do you think of the ever-ranty Dark Sakura?
Hi, dear, how are you?
I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Sky?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no he didn't.
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember the pill, alright?
I'm seeing some forgetting, possibly, and I'm seeing a new baby in the next three months.
Right. Okay, well, thanks for being on Orange Lounge Radio today.
Um, I don't mean to sidetrack your question here, but who are all of these nosy people,
outside influences I'm seeing around you by the moon card?
Get away from me.
Orange Lounge Radio, helping to free your mind and spirit.
spirit. I'm Miss Cleo, I love you.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you for joining us on this lovely Sunday night.
We're here of course every Sunday night for you guys. 6.30 Pacific Standard Time to 9.30
Pacific Standard Time. All that discussion on rhythm and music video gaming and video
video games that don't suck, and some that do. Join us in our chat room, www.orangelauntrader.com,
click on chat. Whatever happened to Intern Zero by the way?
I know a whole bunch of crap about him, that I'm not at liberty to speak of, but it involves
legal action.
Make up your own story. That could be a contest maybe, right? Your fanfic. Okay, maybe not.
He was abducted by aliens and went up with Richard Dreyfuss and then they flew away while Steven Spielberg got rich.
Yes, that's it. Anyway, usually we start off the show playing a little bit of how was your week, how was your day.
And we're going to get into that in a little bit. However, I did want to kind of make an exception tonight for this.
Jamie and I were talking about this a little bit before tonight's show, and we thought
we wanted to take a minute to acknowledge this.
If you have had the television on at all today, I'm sure you've heard about this, so we're
probably not the first ones to break this news to you, but Johnny Carson, you know,
the late night guy that was on for many, many, many years, he passed away today.
And we just wanted to take a minute to kind of offer up a moment of silence, because I
don't know about you guys, but for me, I think Johnny Carson is an inspiration to any
sort of talk program ever. I mean, the guy was absolutely hilarious. He was a comic genius.
So many people on his show, so many careers of celebrities that we know today got started
all thanks to his help. And I just want to take a minute to acknowledge Mr. Johnny Carson.
A moment of silence, please. All right, thank you very much. Anything you want to add to
I remember that weird curtain he had. I remember the curtain reappearing in Mallrats.
I remember Ed McMahon. I mean, he's still around, but you know, with the chemistry they had.
Anyway, let's move on and onto the usual stuff we have going on on the show here.
Dick and fart jokes all night long. No, Jamie, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was absolutely shit.
Not for any type of happy fun reason either.
Um...
Oh, our special guest just arrived!
Hello!
It is very a little bit cold outside, isn't it?
Excuse me for a second.
Just so you guys know what's going on, we're just... Oh, say hello!
Mr. Man just picked up the microphone who's getting glomped right now.
Oh yeah, it's that guy called Float Walk and he's got something to say later.
Oh, okay. All right. And?
And his faithful traveling companion, Sharks Girl, who always rides.
Hello, Sharks Girl. Hello, how are you?
Hello, hello. I have presents for you.
Yay!
All right. Woohoo. I'm so excited. Anyway.
I'm sorry, DarkSakura, we'll get to Mel B and SharksGirl in a minute, but I just wanted
to let you...
Thank you for making me feel special!
Well, no, no, no, I just gotta let DarkSakura finish her thought that she was starting with.
My week was, well, it started off really good because I started my new position at work
on Tuesday, making more money, doing cooler stuff, and not talking to people on the phone.
And then, as of Wednesday, I was single for about most of the day, as Lynn literally dumped
that day, yeah.
And things have since been repaired, although it's been a very, very, I'm not, of course,
it's nobody's real business what happened, but I've been very much on edge for this entire
week. And today has been the first good day of my entire week. It's just... I'm not really
going to go into it. It was really, really hard.
It's personal. That's fine. Yeah, but that's really been the entire focus
of my week, although I've played a whole crapload of Castlevania today.
one symphony of the night right on and I had two class orientations spent $118 on
art supplies and I still need to buy another 60 more geez what kind of class
is this for a concept of art design so yeah I have to buy paint next like
watercolors and crap so that's really it for this week so that's why I'm full of
of angst. However, I have rediscovered the joys of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
made with pineapple jelly.
Shark Scroll is handing out presents. This is awesome. Shark Scroll is giving me her
old Queer Eye for the Straight Guy calendar so I can just turn to April and just hang
up that picture of Jay. I figured you'd like the picture. Anyway, and then also she brought
me a new Xbox Live headset because my other one broke and it's in pieces, so I can play
Halo again. No one's used to not play Halo with me. We'll have a kill Rob Knight on Halo,
that'll be fun. Alright, anyway, moving on. Let's see, Loki, how was your week, how was
today. My week involved lots of Final Fantasy XI, and working on... I rejoined that too.
Oh yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh. Addict! Addict! Oh, you're not an addict. Oh yeah, sure. We'll
cover that later. I'm not an addict. Anyways, then I was working on the orange box at the
moment, and for those who don't know what the orange box is, that's the Xbox case that's
going to have a PC in it. And I spent lots of time dremeling today, and now the case
is, you know, kind of a shell of an old Xbox now. Most of the parts have been ripped out
of it, and I'm just kind of piecing this together. I bought the rest of the parts today because
the hard drive that I had was a laptop hard drive, and it took too much power on the...
I don't want to get too technical, but it took too much power than it needed to, so
I bought a 160 gig hard drive that's a lot faster that will be replacing it, and I don't
know why I need a 160 gig hard drive considering that this, I don't really know what the hell
I'm going to put on it, ROMs, but I don't think it can fit 160 gigs of ROMs, that's
a lot.
And then, um, what else? Oh! Other than that, um, I had a migraine yesterday and that was
lots of fun, and, um, then, oh, that was pretty much it. Yeah.
No, I did not plan how the rape Robin was asleep, but there was this guy, but Nellie
Nellie said she would try for $100, but she- $50.
I was sitting here the other night, we were all sitting around, and Nellie, who is Loki's
other half, was just coming up with all these random hypothetical questions, and they all
had to do with raping me.
Hey, we're going to get that kid named Jagermeister eventually.
Would you rape him in a boat?
Would you rape him on a float?
Would you rape him near or far?
Would you rape him in a car?
But it would be really easy to rape you in your sleep because you sleep a lot on the
couch on your back.
And since 70% of male sleep is spent with an erection, I was thinking I'd just like
sneak up on him and pull his pants down.
And insertion equals rape, so that's like an easy fishing book.
Yeah, but the minute you sit on me, I'm gonna go, AHHH!
It's in already, so it doesn't matter.
Oh my God. You're a sick woman. You're gonna steal my...
I kept... This is the first time we've gotten Nellie to really talk on this show and it's
about raping me.
That's what I do best.
And then she's sitting around trying to get Loki. Would you rape Rob
for a million dollars? Would you rape Rob
for a hundred thousand dollars? Would you rape him for twenty bucks?
And a smile. I love her. Would you rape Rob for a Klondike bar?
Ooh, Klondike Bar. I love Klondike Bars, but no, no, no.
Now the chat room is having their own rhyming contest here.
OrangeLonsRady.com, click on chat. Now Blaze, about me, for a question for Loki here.
Would you rape him in the face? Would you rape him any place?
Laughter
Somewhere Dr. Seuss is crying.
But I offered to split the money with you.
Because I was going to give 50 to you.
Never mind, I was going to get technical and ask, technically what is rape? Does oral sex count as rape?
No.
Moving on to non-raping subjects, at least I hope. Mel B, how was your week?
Uh, there, um, week was a lot of monotony, but then again, when you're working in video games your way, that's really how it goes.
Uh, for those who may or may not know, I actually did not work at Konami at the time.
Okay, just reading these ones.
I'm sorry. Chat room, stop being funny. Stop. Stop being... Okay, I'll say it.
For those that are not into chat, Blaze, the comic genius of Blaze again, can you rape him in the ear? Would you rape him for a beer?
Would you rape him like a duck? Would anyone give a fuck? Would you rape him for five bucks? Would you rape him like a duck? Oh jeez, forget it. Chat room, stop being funny! Stop! Stop!
Okay. Sorry, Mel.
Yeah, actually instead of being at Konami right now, I'm actually working at Namco, of all places.
Which means it's a lot of Pac-Man, and Pac-Man, and Tekken 5.
But it's kind of going along, it's a job, everything is kind of interesting.
And of course, as with any place I go to, there's that one person who watches me play either DDR or 2DX at work.
2DX at work, I usually bring my stuff on break and play user debug stations, and they say,
wow, did you work at Konami or test this game? Like, I didn't test this game, but you know,
I played before and stuff. Like, wow, you must have played DDR2. I'm like, yeah, I played
DDR for a couple years. And he goes, wait a minute, weren't you at that first Metreon
tournament? I'm like, yeah. Wait a minute, what's your name again? Uh, Mel. They're like,
no way, you're not Mel B. I'm like, yeah. Like, dude, let me see your name badge. I'm
This is at work?
This is at work.
Here, guys, like other testers come up to me and like, know me through this stuff and...
Don't you...
You don't have time to be fraternizing on your breaks.
Isn't there a new Katamari Damacy game to be testing in Tekken 5 and all that stuff?
Uh, that'll be later this year.
Alright.
How it goes.
But yeah, we have all sorts of goodies over there right now.
We get to see a lot of PSP action out there, actually.
Ooh, very hot.
Yeah, so it's, uh, those things look pretty sexy, I must say.
They look a lot better than what I remember at E3. I remember that much.
Is Namco going to be putting anything out on the DS? Because damn the DS needs some games.
Uh, yes there is.
Oh yeah, the Pac-Pix thing. Of course. Namco has to whore Pac-Man wherever they can.
Mm-hmm. I mean, yeah, basically the two main sounds you hear out of Namco are waka-waka and ee-ree-ree-wak-wak.
Seriously, that's just what I feel like when I walk around like the whole-
When you walk around the Namco building do you actually do a waka waka waka waka waka waka waka?
What?
Do they have dots on the floor?
I think in one of the old rooms that
Because they just moved buildings, but the old building yes
There was a room that actually had like a Pac-Man light.
Now at Namco can you have drag days?
And you just all come to work with a bow in your hair?
Oh man, they just instituted a dress code out there, so we can't even like you know come in our normal does
Cause we gotta have like collared shirts and we gotta be all prim and proper and...
But yeah.
So yeah, just getting used to the new gig. It's, you know, pretty cool.
Although, you know, after playing a fighting game for eight hours straight it can be tiresome.
or you know when they do something genius like
have me play a two-player mode all by myself for eight hours. Yeah I was reading about
that in the LJ, what's up with that?
I don't know man, they're just geniuses up there, what can I say?
Now I've played two-player versus in fighting games by myself before
but that was like to see all the fatalities in Mortal Kombat, okay? Right, I mean if I want to do something like that
just put me on practice mode, at least there's some kind of
you know, indicator of what you're doing in there, you can actually like practice stuff in practice mode, but
papers
point
but uh... yeah
uh... then then the weekend's been pretty you know it's not yesterday was a
pretty horrible day because
i was going to go to work
now wake up now because i can't find my car keys on mike
but to be going you know i've been so i can just kind of words are searching
replace upside down i'll find it
i can't find my phone to do locked in my car
and so you know
my phone with my car and i didn't have my car keys
and so I'm just like really trippin' and then
so I don't know how to you know contact anyone or anything and it's like
first I didn't want to you know tell
uh... sharks go over here because she knows I'm like the most forgetful person in the world
last thing I needed was more you know amp for fuel for her fire and etcetera
and then uh...
it kinda got to the point where
I
just kinda said okay screw it I'm just gonna call mobile locksmith and yeah I'm just gonna bite the bullet
etcetera
And so what happens is I call the locksmith and he comes on over and he pops my door open
and it was gonna cost about like damn near 300 bucks to get a new key because I have
like a computer chip in my key that's you know certain to the Camaro series of that
year and right when he pops my door open my cell phone goes off and the sharks go and
she calls me and says hey I just found your keys right now in my handbag I'm like no way
so it was all about impeccable timing that night but I was on edge pretty much that rest
of the day and everything else has been pretty chill and today's been just coming up here
and of course Orange Lounge is where I be.
Alright and Pixie?
Well, to say the least, I spent the majority of my week on vacation in Hayward doing butt
ass nothing and driving a truck all day long and, let's see, came back on Thursday night
like, dumb ass bogs. What else do we do? Stop bringing goddamn books! Bitch! Now I won't
talk to you. But anyways, yeah. Is that the new one? Is that the new one? Like, the one
with the Chains of Prometheus stuff in it? I'm sorry. No, I have that one. Nevermind.
And, let's see, Saturday... I mean, I've been boring. We haven't been here very often
just because...
Alright fine, give it the victor.
I'm right here!
Buy me a bottle of Jagger and give me five bucks in five minutes.
Well, Rob, you can open your gift now. This was Angel's idea to give this. Yes, it was.
So I could redeem myself because I flaked twice on you when I said I was going to come by. But you have to read the card first.
I love gifts. This is great. I think every week should be Bring Sky Gifts Week on Orange Lawn.
It wasn't my okay was. I was like, it wasn't my...
Yeah, it was her idea. She spotted it.
spotted it okay fine I love present time oh it's kisses it has a little pig
on it says kiss you make me squeal and then it says inside it says will you
You marry me.
Janae just proposed to me.
Yes.
Yes, bitch, I'll marry you.
Oh, your ring's in the bag, too.
Yeah, your ring's in the bag.
Your ring's in the bag, too.
What the shit?
It's a rainbow dessert parfait.
Get it?
Because I'm a big fag.
It's rainbow.
I'll go put this on cam. And it's shaped like a hole. And a bag of mayonnaise. What the
fuck lady? I didn't mean to put the bag of mayonnaise, that was for my sandwich. I will
remember this forever I'm gonna go my mom and say mama I got proposed to with
a bag of mayonnaise and a Froot Loop I thought $2 would be enough to spend on
you you know
other than frozen and raw that's been my week Victor all right my week or the week
before which is more exciting I was just kidding this week was fun with my
girlfriend no we had no sex the hell is that tuna smell sorry I had a sandwich
in there oh well anyways playing Bob fantasy online and rank six have a whole
bunch of plus one gear and leaping lizards and all that crap
Hello, Annette. This week with my girlfriend was exciting. I loved it. And that was it.
Aww.
Oh, by the way, you can double the ring mold as something to put your dick in.
Oh, my God.
Hey, you.
If you want.
Hey.
That's the mayonnaise one.
It's safe sex.
That mayonnaise does not have spermicide in it.
I like the new microphones.
Oh, I can't wait to go fuck my new rainbow pussy.
I'm so excited.
Bitch.
I love you.
I love you.
We're just too hardcore for G4TV. That's why we'd never be on there.
Okay, anyways.
Our chat room is so lost right now because they're not getting half these references.
But that's alright. No styling. Were you done talking about your week and your day?
I'm rank six.
Are you waving your hand in the air? Waving it like you just don't care?
You might get those girls para-pairing.
I'll get to that in a minute. You got ranked 6 on Final Fantasy, I'm so proud of you.
Oh my, your internet penis is huge!
I have 90 days playing in choirs, I have wasted my life.
Jamie, if you would.
Addict?
You know what, I plan on addicting myself because Ragnarok on Line 2
is not yet out, and I need something to play because I miss Ragnarok
gonna rock so much but I'm so pissed off at gravity right now I actually spent a
whole ten minutes on Final Fantasy 11 yesterday waiting on Rob all right
sharks girl I I just I'm sorry I had to revel in the moment there about Jamie
actually playing Final Fantasy 11 I had to think about that for a minute all
How was your week? How was your day?
Incredibly boring.
I got a new job. I gave my old job two days notice, which made me insanely happy.
Because it was very fun watching them all flip out.
And then I got a contract at Cisco Systems and they have not come to the realization that,
oh, it takes forever for all your passwords to clear and everything.
So I've been sitting there chatting online and playing on my sidekick all week and getting paid for it.
Maybe tomorrow I'll actually do something. That would be kind of a different change.
and by my boss that I'll be a part of it somehow but you have to rape them I do
not have to rape them rape them at a medium pace you have to rape them at the
mall then you have to rape the ball sorry I can it's like this this uh this
uh slogan they used to have for the mall back in Mobile it was you know shop the
the mall, shop them all. It's rape them all, rape them all. Gotta rape them all. So anyways,
yeah, remember that word piss, how funny that was last week? Yeah. No, so anyways, games,
we're gonna be getting in the games business, so that means I can get an E3 using VPD now
and uh...
also um...
hopefully get some free demos
yay demos
shark stroll were you done with your thought before loki so rudely interrupted you
I'm boring this week so
the week before was the more entertaining one but
yeah I'm bored
any highlights you want to share from that week?
I interviewed for the job I'm at now on monday
on the phone. I interviewed in person on Wednesday at 9. I found out I had the job at 1
and got in a car accident at 120. You have this insane luck with car accidents
when you do new exciting things. $1,584 fucking dollars
to fix a bumper and a back quarter panel. That's crap.
That sucks. Luckily, my insurance covered all but 250 of it.
That's decent. And I might get 125 back if I can convince
Geico that because I'm backing out doesn't mean that I have a greater duty of
care to watch that I don't hit him considering he was backing out too I
don't get that one why it's more my fault because you're a woman which
improves the point that a new women can't run stop you're gonna get in
trouble thank you by the way sharks girl for all these tapes I'm getting this is
the entire surreal life season three I got on tape and then the entire first
part of I love the 90s and I just tivo the entire second part of I love the
90s and you'll be getting that and probably that's hot season three flavor
Flava Flav and Dave Couleé and Brigitte Nielsen and Charo and Brian Starr. Oh, and Jordan
Knight.
What else is there? Oh, so you've been doing nothing but playing on your sidekick at work
this week. Does Snoop do his own laundry?
Huh?
Does Snoop do his own laundry?
Yeah.
yeah
all right did you have a comment
are you just waiting at the camera no style
if you want to see the webcam dubbed up dot or is already dot com
uh... moving on it's my turn damage
i want to take a turn i know we still got angel left to go but
uh...
i've got something to say
anyway
My week of my day was okay. I did a whole lot of nothing this week, really.
I played a lot of Final Fantasy XI, just like, you know, my buddy Loki here and
no styling. Last night, though, was very cool. Last night, my buddy,
and they're listening right now, actually, my buddy and his roommate threw a little
dinner party, and I got really drunk. No kidding. I did 20 shots last night,
about. And you guys know what a freaking lightweight I am.
Did you pass out and they put a funnel in your mouth and then they shot the shots down for you?
Did that happen?
You were always falling asleep on the floor.
I fell asleep on the floor like three times in my house.
everybody was doing shots together I was just the biggest pussy with the lowest
alcohol tolerance and so everybody else is still coherent but then like I'd be
like kinda like
slumping on the table going I need to cut myself off
and then they'll put another one in front of me and I'll be all okay and drink it
no thankfully pixie dust is not at the party so nobody was putting makeup on me
make me look pretty
at least you weren't like Vern Troyer in the first episode of surreal life season 4, because
he was naked and pissing in the corner of the weight room.
I was however going, egh, egh, egh, egh, egh, egh, egh, egh.
I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay.
Alright, enough talking about VH1's shows.
Look at that, they're sitting there in the chat room right now and one of my buddies
that was there last night says, yeah, we shaved his ass.
Huh.
Interesting.
Do I check it this morning?
You want to come inspect it?
Get the flashlight.
It's pretty cavernous.
Alright.
Uh.
DDR Angel.
Last but certainly not least.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Well let's see.
Uh.
Classes started this week and normally I'd probably be going uhhh but no.
Actually I, scarily enough I enjoyed myself this week.
That's a little scary.
being enjoyable okay anyway um yeah other than that uh just like everyone
else Final Fantasy 11 and Jamie waiting waiting wait no I'm not gonna say it
anymore okay um and actually I actually split myself between three games now so
So, it's now Final Fantasy XI there, and I've gotten back into Myst. Help. Ah, Myst. Nobody cares about that in this area.
Isn't Myst like 15 years old that game? It's older than God.
Of course, but I had to start-
Yeah, God 16.
I'm not going to comment that I have it for Saturn.
cool um yeah I never got to really like get to play that game so they came out
with a DVD version a little while back so I have all three of those there you
know the first three in the series and then I got the complete Chronicles which
is like a little offshoot of the series as well so I have too many games to play
play and school to deal with, and that's okay. Final Fantasy XI tomorrow, yeah. Or tonight.
I beat it last week. What? What? You can't beat Final Fantasy XI, the game is unbeatable.
At least you can, the original Final Fantasy XI. You can beat the storyline, I played the
storyline. Oh, okay, okay. That was fun. I gotcha. And I watched all of it. Uh-huh. On
the dayward, laying on the bed. Moving on, they can't hear you dear, they can't hear
you. I spent it laying on the bed watching my boyfriend play Final Fantasy XI. How depressing
is that
for my vacation. Were you at least giving him head? The majority of my vacation was
sucked into Final Fantasy 11. Were you giving him head while he was doing it?
Nah, the table's too small. Oh, whoa, hey, ho, ho, hello.
I hit my head. I know. Alright.
Alright. Wow.
Moving on, we're going to go to a break, I think, and in this break,
Now, when we were in that last break there, the chat room was starting to go,
you guys play these songs all the time, can't you play,
play some songs we don't ever hear, what, what's wrong with you guys?
Play some new songs! Fine. So I'm digging into the
obscure stuff, the stuff we don't really play a whole lot, and I'm gonna try and
play some
new stuff that we don't play on Orange Longest Radio a whole lot. Okay.
What we do, but see, we play that one a bit. I, I, I can do that in a later break, but I gotta do
stuff we like, I, I,
that jumps out at me saying we don't really play this. Dig into the bowels of like 2DX substreams.
I'm gonna dig into the bowels here, but what I have queued up right now, I have
the bonus stage from the newest Taiko no Tatujin in Japan. Now I know we've never
played that one because Navi just sent it to me this week.
It's called Koibumi 2000. We're gonna play that.
And then we have from 2DX Red. I know a lot of folks have heard this, but we
haven't played this song on Orange Lounge Radio,
and it has the word fuck in it, so I have to play it. So listen carefully.
But it goes, you have to listen carefully because it goes fook me.
And it's called Injection of Love. And then we're going to play something,
I'm going to play some like old ass Five Key song as well.
So we will be back after this with some rare music
stuff and we'll be back with more Orange Launch Radio after this.
This is the end of the video, thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
What are you telling me, me to let you go You want it, you want it, you want it
Don't fear, since you're running out.
They will kill you
But I won't child.
I won't take you anymore.
hearts
words
family
and
special
Oh
Oh
So that's why the orange paddle, this video stops, hollers, stop, stop, stop, stop, hollers,
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and oh my lord there's a gazillion people in the
house now. I think somewhere during that break explicit showed up and Rice Princess and Lanky
Style from Thursday Nights Outside the Box showed up as well. Holy crap there's a lot
of people here. So I guess we might as well continue with the how was your week, how was
your day bit real fast for the people that just got here. Lanky Style, how was your week,
how was your day? Same as always. Worked, slaved over the phone. Working for the devil.
I hear that. Rice Princess, how was your week, how was your day? She said pretty good. That's
a nod off. Uhh, explicit? It's pretty good. Just getting some more replies with the tournament
and actually sending applications on PI for those who cannot pre-register online and stuff.
I just got off of CCL to see what new arcades they have gotten.
Of course, everyone knows they have 6-style there.
And they're replacing one of the DDR machines with the In The Groove machine.
Wait, what? What? They have 6-style at CCL?
No, it's just B-Mania 3. Oh, B-Mania 3. Yeah, I'd heard about that.
Not 2DX.
You know how crowded that's going to be in CCL.
Alright.
The rest will be held in my FUs.
Oh goody goody. Alright.
Moving on. Um, wow guys. Well what can I say in studio here. There's what, like 11 people here? Pull up a floor.
Please try not to fart in studio. We'd appreciate that.
Moving on, I noticed Loki's over on our webcam there at www.orangelandtray.com and he's holding up pieces of this modified Xbox.
Tell us, for the listeners that haven't heard about what you're doing here with this Xbox,
tell us about this little project that you've picked up low-key about modifying an Xbox.
Well, it's not really modifying an Xbox. It's merely just a PC that's going inside of an
Xbox case. It's a micro-ITX PC, which, for those who don't know what those are, they're
really small form factor PC motherboards. They're 17 centimeters by 17 centimeters.
Usually they're fanless, but this one being a 1 gigahertz processor is not fanless, but
They're really fucking small, so you're able to put them in the really small cases, like
the Xbox case here, so it's actually going to have, the way I have it working right now
is it's actually going to run all off a battery. So it's going to be 100% portable. For a monitor,
I'm actually using a portable PlayStation PS1 LCD screen that's 5 inches. All going
gonna be portable though completely 100% nerd hey it's this force so we can you
know do our you know Orange Lawn's radio to go editions from the road from e3 oh
I'm so glad you brought up Orange Lawn's radio to go it's a brand new thing on
our website check it out orangelawnsradio.com click on to go you can download a
very special show that we do every week just for you guys speaking of nerd I
I want to point this out. I'm looking in studio right now and I see one, two, three, four
people playing Nintendo DS. Nerds! Hey, I'm pictochatting with someone sitting right next
to me. Nerds! You know what, I'd be playing DS too, but I left it at my buddy's house.
Whoops, in my jacket. Shame on you. Oh well. Anyway, um, moving on, I want to get to some
actual DDR news, you guys. Actual news about a really big rhythm music game going on right
now. As we talked about a couple weeks ago, there's going to be a brand new DDR game coming
out on the GameCube and it's called DDR with Mario. And we knew that we were going to be
getting some more information on this game after the Tokyo, what was it, the Tokyo Hobby
Fair or something like that that just took place very recently. I screwed up the name
probably. So anyway, this Tokyo Fair just happened, and not only did we get a lot more
information about this game, we got videos. So I'm gonna show some videos in studio right
now, and for those of you on stream, I know this makes for really great radio, but for
those of you on stream, you can actually listen to this over the stream. We'll be playing
this for you guys, and what's really cool is that you can actually hear some of the
music that's gonna be in DDR Mario through this. So I'm gonna play this, and this first
This video should be a song that you guys really recognize, at least I hope so.
And if you want to check out these videos for yourself, just head on over to www.orangelaungeradio.com
and click on the news story that we posted earlier about this.
By the way, thank Dan for those.
Oh, did he find those?
Dan found those for me last night.
Very nice.
By the way, if anybody happens to have an IGN insider account, please let us know because we need your assistance.
Alright, okay here's one video and listen carefully for the song that's playing in the background. It sounds very familiar.
Now, I want to point this out in the video. Let me turn this down a little bit, so you
guys can hear the song. In the video, you'll notice that some of the arrows are actually
pictures of Boo, the little Boo. And when you step on that, it makes this giant ghost
appear on your opponent's side that blocks the arrows. So they're incorporating some
of the versus mode stuff in it.
Very interesting there, because you notice that the DDR Max announcer was in that perfect,
you know, all that stuff, very, I don't know if it's Thomas Howard, I don't know, maybe.
The lady's voice in the background we think is just at the show, we don't think it's actually
a part of the game.
the show but that you could probably hear it in the background that medley
displaying you knew that this would happen in a DDR Mario game it's a dance
version of the Mario Brothers theme from Super Mario 2 or USA first
stage yep so very interesting there now this next one is very interesting I want
to show you this one the last clip it's clip number four this is one of my
favorites because they actually have Mario and Luigi dancing in it but this
This will allow you to hear one of the other songs that's in the game, and kind of get
a little hint of the gameplay, because you'll notice the arrows aren't only just replaced
with the boos, but they also have the Goombas and the Koopa Troopas.
Very interesting.
Very Nintendo-fied, this game.
We're going to talk about it a little more here in a minute.
Let me get this other clip cued up here, and we'll watch it in studio, and you guys can
hear a clip of the song that's going to be in DDR with Mario.
And in this video they have Para Para girls doing a routine to the song.
And they have girls caraparing to a basic song on DDR Mario here.
And male DDR fans everywhere have a new masturbatory video to watch.
I just want to point out though, look how Mario dances.
Look at Luigi, he's making waves, he's doing the Watusi.
See, there's a Koopa Troopa that just went up.
I'm rather impressed that they can pat-a-pat on this too.
very interesting now I realize you guys at home listening right now can't really
see what we're watching but you can get the videos on the website it's got to be
interesting also to hear the songs there but what do you guys think now that
you've seen a little bit of DDR Mario in action hold on let me tell you guys a
little bit more information about this game going on basically what's going on
is that they only were able to check out a demo version of course naturally at
at the Tokyo World Hobby Fair, they were only able to have a little mini version of the
game, and here's what the mini version featured, is that it kind of featured only the two player
mode, and Mario and Luigi were the only playable characters in it, and there were only about
seven songs.
And it does talk about that Goomba and Koopa show up as special icons.
When you see a Goomba icon, if you tap the appropriate space on the dance pad, it smashes
it.
If you smash a Koopa twice, you'll send it flying back down the column, and it'll knock
out all the other arrows in the column.
So they've come up with all these interesting little, very Nintendo-like things, and then
the boo, if you step on the boo, it makes the ghost bigger on the other side, and it
hides the arrows.
And then of course, there's a little picture of the dance mat here.
Very interesting.
I'm going to head on over to DDRFreak because I know on the thread there over DDRFreak they
were talking about some of the songs that are actually going to be in it.
Of course, you heard there the song from Super Mario Brothers Part II, Stage 1 in it.
What do you guys think after seeing some of those videos?
Jamie, you were the one that showed me these videos in the first place, what do you think?
I think it's adorable.
I think it's cool watching them do the cute little dances and turning around.
And then the big boo.
It had the big boo, and I love the big boo.
I'm quoting from a post here from Unknown Gamer over on DDR Freak.
It's post number 202 in the GameCube DDR thread.
And they're saying some of the songs that they've translated.
Let's see, we have Here We Go from Super Mario Brothers, Hoppin' Choppin' from Super Mario
Brothers USA, and then look at this, Para Para Carmen, like the opera Carmen.
That's wrong.
A Para Para version.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Mozart in the Pipe, Then Go the U, A Small Night's Music.
That's the name of the song, then go the pipe.
Credit there to Unknown Gamer over at DDRFreak for translating some of those and putting
them in a post there.
You know my thoughts on this?
Well, I'll get to my thoughts.
I want to hear you guys.
I've talked enough.
Likey style.
I just want to know if there's going to be like a mushroom icon.
If you step on that, it gives like a hallucinogenic effect to the other player or something, you
know?
I think the whole game seems like a big hallucinogenic effect.
Well, what would you expect, though, from this DDR with Mario, honestly?
I think it looks fun. I mean, it'd be interesting to, I think mainly the big thing for me is
just the music, you know, see what they're going to do with the Nintendo tunes. I think
they should have, like, a secret, like, other Nintendo characters thing in there, too, though.
Like, you know, you got Samus, and you get Samus music.
Samus Samus music?
Yeah dude, the Samus Shuffle, I don't know.
Oh dude, the Morph Ball.
The Morph Ball Slide, I don't know.
How about Mel, Mel B?
You've got to admit that Power Power Freestyle was pretty hot.
Yeah, I must say it reinforces my belief that pretty much Power Power is a female thing and it only looks good that way.
That said, I mean, looking at the gameplay and stuff, it reminds me a lot of basically just Disney Rave magic on crack.
Which, you know, is a cool thing. It's like, one of those concepts that Ultramix 2, you know, kind of tried to do with its battle mode and like other gimmicks.
This one kind of takes it to a more, I guess, recognizable form, which is kind of cool.
I, it's kind of neat to see the music that, even to hear, you know, what I heard as far as music-wise.
But, hypothetically, if this comes out to say, you know, to a stateside release, I can't see it doing a whole lot better, you know.
It's sort of like, you know, just the GameCube phenomenon, they just came a couple years way too late for something like this.
You know, I don't know though, me personally, I will buy this thing in a heartbeat, because it's total, it's total the stoner DDR, as somebody said in the chat room, no.
I mean, if you're into DDR and you just want to see something different, you're going to buy it just on that principle, but once you get past that...
That's what I think is so cool, because there's been a lot of talk, and this got a lot of resistance in the DDR scene at first, when UltraMix 1 first came out.
It was really trying to separate itself from the rest of DDR, from the Japanese import DDR that we know.
And then so now you've got these real distinct separations between PlayStation 2, you've got itoy,
full screen videos, and a lot of that stuff that you see. And then you move over to Ultramix,
you've got the synth pop music, you've got downloadable packs, online play, and now GameCube has its own version of DDR. It's
Mario Horde, basically, but no, you know this is going to be the minigame king.
It does have potential though, so, hey, you never know.
Yeah, I thought it was really cool. I would probably be one of those people that would be like,
Ooh, I'm still getting that. Just because it's DDR and it's cute and whatever.
Did you say one of the songs was called Moats? Moats are on the pipe?
Something like that.
Stoner DDR is right, yeah.
I didn't know Marion Barry was Mozart.
I don't mean gayest in butt sex, I mean gayest in happy!
Okay Eminem.
I mean look at Disney Rave, especially like the U.S. one, Disney Mix.
Dude, you can't pick that up anywhere for under like a hundred and thirty bucks.
Oh my god. Yeah, check eBay.
I found it at Network Video for cheap. Did you get the Japanese or the American one?
The American one is the one that's going from-
Oh, I'm talking about the one on the Nintendo 64.
Oh, that one.
But I have both of them, anyway.
Yeah, well, so does Mel. You know, it's no big deal.
But, you know, it's like, people like different things, and they like the cute Mario Luigi.
It'll sell. Plus, it's a good way-
Everyone's always complaining about the exercise factor.
All the kids in America are so fat and everything.
This is a good way to get the younger ones playing DDR, which we all know is great exercise.
Because we all know the kids of America want to be just like Mario.
That's right! It's the me!
I just, I really hope Princess Peach is an unlockable character.
If, in fact, this is my letter to Nintendo.
Dear Nintendo,
In the upcoming game, DDR with Mario, I hereby request that Princess Peach be a playable character.
If this is to be the case, I will play your game every day.
Drunk off my ass. Naked.
If the only reason you want Princess Peach in DDR is for an upskirt cam, you get that in Super Smash Brothers Melee, my friend.
And may I also say it sucks trying to play DDR in platform boots. Been there, done that, failed.
Actually, my first time on a DDR machine was in somebody else's broken in combat boots.
Was it I was cosplaying as Jill Valentine from Resident Evil
That was that was pain utter and complete pain
One of my first times on a DDR machine, especially alone
I was wearing four inch heels with two and a half inch platform booth and I failed butterfly basic I sucked
Can't say I've ever played with platform shoes or high heels. Thank goodness. I
I wish I could say the same, but no, I'm kidding, I haven't.
Oh wait, Dr. Dick, huh?
Aha! You funny.
Hey Rob, I can lend you the boots, I still got them.
Hey!
Rob?
Yes?
Are you guys still doing comments?
Yes, Mario, what do you want to say about DDR Mario exclusive?
Well, I think it's a very good concept. Of course, like everyone says, anything Mario and Luigi would sell, in a way.
in a way. And with the new DDR pads for like, the GameCube, who knows what they'll do with Mario Party 7, maybe?
Oh, God. Mario Party 7, I didn't even think about that. What's gonna be the asinine peripheral that's gonna go with Mario Party 7? Probably this.
Have you seriously played Mario Party 6 with a microphone?
Yes.
Move up.
Goomba.
Goomba, Mario Party!
And then you have to go faster, faster, faster, faster, faster, faster, faster!
Mario Party! Mario Party! Mario Party!
This is seriously what playing Mario Party 6 sounds like.
Oh my gosh.
I know anyways but since I like doggy Konga became like a good a pretty decent
success seller I think it would this would sell pretty well I wonder whether
I could do with like some of the features maybe a Cooper's shell during
while playing the game and potentially lose health maybe sort of like mines
but it's that mania in a way or if they play a damn hard song they actually
consider pipe raping or so pipe raping what the hell all right moving on I
think we're gonna go to a break when we come back from this break we're gonna do
a little more news and then the orange lounge radio cage match when we come
back um you know what I just realized I don't I lost all my pop music nine
consumer tracks so I got my new hard drive so I don't have that song you
That's crappy.
I'm sorry, is there something else you wanted to hear, darling?
The safari.
Okay, you got it.
The safari.
We'll be back after this break, featuring, starting it off with the safari, and we'll
be back with the Orange Launch Radio cage match, etc., etc.
Remember, if you want to participate in tonight's cage match, you gotta be in the chat room,
or else it just sucks to be you.
We'll be back with more Orange Laundrio.
Here's the latest, here's the greatest Here's the meaning for the world
Surf on Fire Ghosts on Fire
Surf to death the magic words
You can do it today
you can do it, you can do it the wrong way
Even if you will say
Even if you decide to play the game
Go on to Heaven
Burn the repeating
WWW
Dot Dev Dot work
Dot go
Dog my name
And you'll be as one of there for you
I'll never feel alone
W-W-W
Got-got-got-got-got
Probably I'll be-come to you
Oh
Oh
So uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us at Mookawky Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks for tuning in tonight boys and girls. Great turnout. Thank you guys. We love it when our ratings get hoarded up. Not only in studio but online as well.
I think we broke a record in the chat room with well over 40 people in chat. Pretty crazy. And then we got more people in here than I've seen in a long time. This is great. Thank you guys very much.
We're going to go ahead and open up the Skype line right now if you want to call in to the
show.
If you are curious about how you use the Skype line, head on over to www.orangelaungeradio.com,
click on interact with us, and that'll show you how you can interact with the show.
Now I gotta warn you guys though, I think there might be some issues with the Skype
line tonight, so we're going to kind of play it on the fly.
Because I did make some changes to my computer this week, I think there might be some echoes
when you guys are talking on Skype, and if there is, I apologize, we'll just see what
happens. We're just going to wing it and try taking a call and see what happens. Hi, you're
on Orange Launch Radio! It's me, Legend of Zaku. Hello, it's me, Legend of Zaku, how
are you? Fine, uh, I don't know, in two days we're about to see the new, the new Dancing
Stage Fusion, so I wonder how, how big is the, you know, the coverage on that going
to be, because we're going to find out this new hardware and everything about it. Well,
Dancing Stage Fusion, well you know, very good point you're bringing up, Dancing Stage Fusion is
supposedly gonna be out this week, so, or we're supposed to get,
or, no, it's not that it's out, but we get to see it at some expo.
Tuesday should be, is gonna be, you know, is gonna be debuted in Tuesday in London.
Right, it's gonna be at that show, right? I was just checking out the boards,
I mean, I was just checking out the Freak right there, and there's only like a few
people that are actually going.
I know one of the mods basically couldn't go that day, but, you know, that's about it.
You know what? Here's how it works though, Zaku, seriously.
If one person goes, and one person goes, and one person takes a camera with them,
that's all it takes for this to get all over the internet. And you know some of
the big gaming sites are going to be there.
I would say any news...
I doubt Myst and DDR UK would know it would be...
Well, DDR UK is in a bit of trouble right now, so you're not going to be...
I'm not going to say you're not going to hear anything from them because I
I really don't know. I don't run that site. I don't know what they've got planned.
I don't know if this is going to set people from, you know, from his site and do, you
know, and post on The Freak, but, you know, we'll just wait and see.
I'm hoping, you know what, DDR Freak is usually the hub of all the DDR information. Even if
it gets posted to another site, like, Aaron in Japan usually has a lot of news breaks
over there.
Oh, right. I've got to check that too.
If they break it, it's going to be posted on DDR Freak. That's the beauty of the Internet.
It's the information superhighway, and we all share the information.
You will not be left out in the cold with the information, Zaku.
And anything we find out, Zaku, I assure you we'll bring you next Sunday.
All right, that's cool. All right. Let me see.
Anything else?
Well, I got money for, you know, for buying 2DX, you know, products and basically
starting to, like,
you know, start to get into that thing. I just need a great deal on a 2DX controller
and at least, you know, one style that could be affordable.
I'm gonna spend about a hundred bucks on hold. Let me poll the chat room right now.
most affordable 2DX controller you've seen lately?
None of them. Whatever you do, don't buy the triangular looking one.
Yeah, don't buy the cheap one. You know what? You know what? Don't buy anything but the official stuff.
I know. You'll be wasting your money otherwise. You get what you pay for.
If you pay for cheap, you get cheap. And it breaks in five days.
I'm not getting the rave disc man. I know that I'm not getting the rave disc man.
I've heard there's no way I'm getting the damn read this man
by a real controller good at toys and joys what the
well I get but but you know how they still charge different price I know
what I am but you know they're 80 bucks I tell my
no he's not the cost that's cheaper than what I paid for my
things like 40 bucks I paid a hundred and twenty for mine
don't complain about eighty dollars so
well I all I can say shop around exactly
Go to Toys and Joys, Ha-Mea, Japan Video Games.
But never order from BuyRight. Never, ever, ever, ever order from BuyRight because they will screw you.
Without lube.
It will be painful.
Shop around, Zaku. That's the best you can do.
Alright, bud. I'm gonna let you go so we can take another call. But thanks for calling in, as always.
Alright, thanks a lot, man.
Take care, Zaku.
Let's go to the next call. I see another line ringing here.
Hi! You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, what's up? This is DJ Rama S from the East Coast. I have a box full of snow for you guys.
Oh, hooray, snow! Because we don't get that here, seriously.
I kind of figured. What's on your mind, Rama S?
Ron Ma. Ron Ma.
I don't know, if you want it to be literal, you can just call him Wild Horse S.
Because that's what Rama means. How about Rand Mask? You want me to start calling you Rand Mask?
Sure, Sky. You can call me whatever you like.
Okay George, no. What's on your mind?
Not much. I want to know how you guys are doing over there. I want some of that warm weather because I'm freezing here.
We will put some warm weather in a box and send it to you. How's that sound?
Even great. Sure, why not? Hey, that works for me boys.
That works great for me. What's going on on the East Coast scene right now?
Not much. The average is dealing with the snow.
We've got like two feet over here. People complaining about the weather, you know.
Work sucks. People complained that we closed early yesterday, but we were in the middle of a snowstorm. What do you expect us to do?
I could not imagine anything closing due to snow, but I'm spoiled by California. What can I say?
Right? Well, no. I would love to be in California for about a good two weeks.
Now, didn't you come out here for the expo, or am I getting my...
No, no, no, no. I'm not coming out for Anime Expo, but I am coming out there for Anime Vegas sometime in September.
Whatever you do, never go to AX because it sucks.
I have no plans to go to AX.
I sent some friends of mine out there from the econ reports.
They said it sucked, so I have no plans to go.
I was cosplaying Mad Hatter, the last one I went to, walking around in these
4 inch platform boots that were scary. It made me tall
though. That was cool. But I was in pain for the whole
days of the con and then someone tried to break one of my wings one more time
he didn't hear you I said did you snap their neck or send somebody after them I
still didn't hear did you snap their neck or send somebody after him to hurt
him um I did step on somebody's foot in the four inch boots that works for me
there you go any other thing anything else on your mind no that's it yeah
Not here you guys, that's all, basically.
Love the show.
I already have it pre-reserved at my store.
Then there you have it.
Alright, thanks for calling.
Cheaters.
Have a good one, buddy.
We're hearing from all sorts of people.
Let's do one more call, then we'll get to the cage bench.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, Sky, it's El Mullet.
Hello, El Mullet.
Hello, Sky.
Oh, he with my favorite nickname on the internet.
What's up?
Today's a pretty big day for me. Got to move back into school. I'm in the dorm room right now.
Ah, dorm life. Duh duh duh. I'm sorry, man.
I know bad internet connections and all.
Quick poll in the studio. Who here has lived in a college dorm?
Just one.
Me and Jamie? That's it?
Wow. Oh my God. College dorm.
Living in the dorm was the best.
Living in the dorm was horrible. Horrible. I would never wish that upon anybody.
My dorm was so awesome because, first of all, our person who watched us never really cared
what we did.
So my friend had durables.
They were the VCRs.
And then I also lived within walking distance of a bar slash deli slash arcade that would
get imports and pirate kits all the time.
And they were open 24 hours.
Dang.
That's pretty nice.
The only good thing about living in the dorms for me was that I was the only one that had
a Super Nintendo, so all the boys would come over and play Mario Kart.
My roommate actually had a Playstation when it came out, and I had a TV and she didn't,
so we had it hooked up out of VCR.
I would skip my witchcraft class.
I took History of Witchcraft.
I did too in junior college.
To watch Sailor Moon, as this dates when I lived in the dorms.
You know, you're guaranteed college popularity if you have something very obscure.
I used to, but I didn't quite get to the second half of my story. See, I was popular when
I had the Super Nintendo, but then when the upstairs guys got the Nintendo 64, nobody
loved Rob anymore. Nobody loved Rob anymore. Well, the other thing that was cool about
me living on campus is I had a job on campus. I worked in our pool hall slash arcade. Oh,
that's cool. And I ran our tournaments and I got, my first time playing as Saturn was
playing Japanese games. You know what, we, our college built an arcade the year after
I left. Those cocks. Sucky. I know. Anyway, I'm sorry Elmo, we got sidetracked. What'd
you call in to talk to us about tonight? I'd call in to talk about various things. Alright.
DDR Mario, for example. I'm really looking forward to it. Yes, I want to know your thoughts
on DDR Mario. Well, first of all, considering it's a joint project between Konami and Nintendo,
I mean, how can that possibly go wrong?
I know, I'm just a giddy little fanboy thinking about the possibilities when Konami and Nintendo
join forces.
This game's going to rock.
It's going to be really nauseously cute, but it's going to rock.
It's not going to be your traditional Dance Dance Revolution game, but it's not going
to be crap either.
It's going to cater to two different types of niche audiences, and when you bring them
together, it's only going to branch them both out.
And those two niche audiences would be kids and Nintendo fanboys? You think?
Well, that's pretty much the same group, but...
Well, hey, wait a minute! I'm a Nintendo fanboy!
Still.
Alright, any wishes, things you want to see in DDR Mario?
I want to see a crapload of Konami original
remixes of Nintendo songs.
Ooh, you want to see Konami artists remixing Nintendo songs?
That would rock, like, Soda remixing the Zelda theme or something?
That would be incredible.
I need lots of Taku.
Oh, Jamie wants Taku to come over and remix some stuff.
Imagine Taku doing, like, the dungeon one from the first Super Mario Brothers.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Seriously, could you imagine it?
It'd be pretty hot.
If I had one wish, I want a dance remix of the Zelda II dungeon theme.
Oh...
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do...
The remake of Super Smash-
A-a-a-a-a-a
...
Jeez!
Whoa!
Hahaha!
Oh, and then we have a comment in the chat room, Miklotov,
Akira Yumoka better f***ing be in it remixing anything.
Amen to that...
Mario happy joy go lucky mix winner is you I mean seriously if he can do like
bit mania and all that stuff imagine him remixing like a Mario theme I just got a
boner no no kidding no a kiri amoko remixing music from Luigi's mansion no
we want music that people have actually heard the music in Luigi's mansion was
kind of kind of fun spooky yeah but the game was kind of not
Luigi's Mansion was a great kiddie-tube tech demo.
That's pretty much it. If it came with the system, it would have been a hell of a lot better.
But we had to pay $50 for it, so...
Personally, I think it sucked.
Duh-dun... get it?
Oh, okay, because Luigi had a vacuum.
Oh, my God, why did I call it... LOSER!
Anyway, um, any other thoughts on your mind, El Mullet, on this lovely sunny evening?
There are many, many thoughts. Which one would you like me to share?
Uh, I don't know, um, the third one.
The third one? I don't know, it's a little risque.
So I'll just skip to the fourth one and chill out my sight again.
What? I'm sorry, I missed that.
I'll just skip to the fourth one and chill out my sight again.
Okay. Oh, okay, go for it.
www.insidepulse.com go to the game section and read me specifically and other people because they're awesome
We only let him whore out that because he whores us out all the time. So we every week
We I know we appreciate the whoring out buddy. No problem. All right
We're looking forward to more information on DDR Mario showing up on inside pulse as it comes out. All right. All right. Take care, bud
Bye later
Dark sakura has an announcement in local news in local news. I
Put the final nail in the coffin on sack the money today. Oh
Sack the money is dead and gone and is no more making
Since you're not gonna say it anymore addict
But indicate, you know, we love you. I'm not doing this for myself. I'm doing it for you guys
I know. Because I'm still probably not going to play more than a couple...
It's group addiction therapy for you.
I'm still going to be too busy with school.
I know, it's all good.
Alright, we're going to... Is that all you wanted to say about it?
You know what though? I gotta say though, it is kind of sad to see SACBOMANI go bye-bye because it was kind of, you know...
Not my fault it died.
I know, I know. It was kind of the way we all got to know each other and I think LiveJournal kind of...
Not everyone would rather post in the crappy RVGL thread on...
The cool thing about the Sackbomani forums was that they had like the masturbation thread and things like that, and now people use their live journals for that stuff, so...
Still have a community.
In fact, I'm gonna go start a masturbation thread on my live journal right now.
I can post in my live journal right now, but it just says...
Just kidding. No, I'm kidding! Gross!
I'm posting in my live...
Hey, wait a minute! I'm hot!
Okay, if you get befriended by me in the next couple days, you know why.
Wait a minute, is Jamie telling Brad to click the mouse over there?
No, but we do need to be focused on the chat room.
Alright, anyway, let's get to the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, shall we?
Even though I'm totally not ready to do the cage match tonight.
I need some, I need some more time filler here while I set up for
Cagematch. Help!
What is going on over there in the kitchen?
They're having an orgy in the kitchen.
Oh boy, alright.
Okay, I'm ready. Here we go. The Orange Lounge Radio Cagematch, boys and girls.
The way the cage match works is that we're going to play three songs for you guys.
You get to vote on your favorite, but you have to be in the chat room in order to vote.
www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat, and you can make a vote, okay?
The winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani Music
& More program, which plays 24 hours a day, seven days a week on this station when we're
not live.
All right, so it's your chance to pick a song.
Now first off, you get to hear a clip of last week's winner.
You only get to hear a clip because it was the winner,
so you already heard it
because you listen to the show every week, right?
All right, here it is.
A clip of song number one.
And remember guys, you cannot vote
until all three songs have played in their entirety
and then we'll tell you how to vote in the chat.
All right, here it is.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Cage Match,
we had a brand new winner, an old favorite, Echo Image.
And here it is, song number one,
Echo Image with Endless Day.
Bring me back inside so we can try Cross an ocean of a mountain, say goodbye
Reversed while I was sad I could be wrong
Yes, I had my reasons after all
Can't find the evidence we're yelling back in time
This girl is what we always thought of as fun
Maybe she'll think that we'll find some other way
Maybe she'll think that we'll find some other way
And we fall
In love
They used to make much sense, but I was wrong
All right, that was a clip of song number one, Echo Image, Endless Day.
And now we're going to put it up against two challengers.
Challenger number one comes to us from Dark Sakura, and you get to hear these songs in
their entirety.
Dark Sakura, what's challenger number one tonight?
Well, it's DJ Bobo, I believe.
I was at Tapioca Express last night, and they put in a DVD.
And the song was on it, and the video was just really awesome.
And I instantly fell for this song, so I at least have an opportunity now to share it
with everybody.
Alright.
Anything else?
No.
Alright.
Does there have to always be something?
No, but I just liked your description of the video.
Did the video was right?
Okay.
The video had this one guy getting onto a subway car, and there was just people of all
types sitting around, just minding their business, being singular.
And then he starts handing out beer to everybody, to a nun, to this old man, to this kid.
And also to everyone's all, oh, we're unified and we like beer.
Singing.
Very cool.
Over beer.
Very cool.
I want to see the video at some point, no matter how, I haven't really heard the song,
so no matter how good or how bad the song is, I still want to see the video.
I need to, I'm going to actually go back and ask them what the name of the DVD is because
I want to buy it.
Very cool.
Bye to Angel, Pixie Dust, No Stylin, Rice Princess, and Lanky Stylin are all leaving.
It's emptying out in here!
The Orgy's going somewhere else, well thanks for coming guys.
They're relocating to the wild.
I think it's amazingly funny that we have the longest drive of all and we're staying
to the end.
Cause you're troopers, you're real fans, Sharkscroll Mel B.
We are hardcore like the Peach Pits.
Alright let's get to Jamie's song, here it is.
DJ Bobo with I Believe.
I believe. DJ Bobo, I believe. Song number two in tonight's cage match. Enjoy.
Hold on. Small glitch there. Sorry guys. Let me start it over here. Sorry about that.
We've got to bring up the audio levels. Here it is, song number two, DJ Bobo, I Believe.
I believe in dreams
I believe in heroes
And this is not a gun
I believe in faith in knowledge I can learn
I believe all what you give you can return
And I'm afraid we place our life in other people's hands
I'll realize on earth we're all the same, we need a chance
I believe in visions
I believe in love
I believe in magic
But this is not enough
I believe in life there's more than wrong or right
I believe in colors, there's no black or white
And you don't know what you have got until you say goodbye
But in my dreams one day I spread my wings and I will fly
I believe in visions. I believe in love. I believe in magic. This is not enough. I believe in freedom. I believe in dreams. I believe in heroes.
But this is not enough, this is not enough
I believe, I believe my dream can be reality
I believe my time on earth is destiny
Oh I believe
Oh I believe
That we are strong and us
Oh I..
I believe
We are strong
and me as a nation
I believe
That we are strong
I believe
I believe
This life is.
We are strong and I believe in freedom We are strong and I believe in heroes
All righty guys, that was song number two. That was DJ Bobo with I Believe. Do we believe
in this song? Let's find out. Jamie.
I was just transfixed by this video. So, I'm sitting there eating my tater tots and curry
at Tab X and I'm like, ooh, so I give it a ten.
Alright, who's got the mic? Sharks Girl!
I grabbed the mic to send it to other people, okay!
Actually I liked it, it was pretty messy. I kinda want to see the video actually.
It was happy, yay, I have to give it a number, huh? 8.395
8.395 from Sharks Girl.
Explicit.
I actually dig the music. It's still pretty smooth. I would say 8.5.
Kind of throws me back to the late 90s type stuff, techno type stuff.
Kind of sounds like No Mercy except a lot less falsified.
Um, I'll give it a 7.92.
Alright, um, for me personally, I definitely grew up singing the mid-90s thing as well,
like an inspirational, I can do anything type, like, yeah, I believe I can fly, like dance,
I don't know, it's like an inspirational, which is why I'm thinking about Jamie describing
the video a little bit before and I'm like, that totally goes against that song.
no it was about it was like a unity I believe everybody getting together over
beer
all right well I'm not supposed to we're not supposed to take the videos into
account
during this case also the song strictly so it was I like the throwback aspect of
it and it left me
it left me feeling hopeful and inspirational and making me wanna pray
so I give it a 6.66 no I gotta get something higher than that
an 8.666 I believe I was bored
so I get to seven. You know he's got to have his lame pun or it's just not a show. Alright,
here we go. Song number three from Loki. I was going to put in the girls remix. I was
told in the chat room to do it, I was told by Jamie to do it, but my judgment, you know,
said no, that would be wrong. So I'll do it next week if this doesn't win. This is, um,
I don't know for how many of you out there have seen the Sin City trailer.
This is a song playing in the background except that's the instrumental version.
This is The Cells by a group called The Servant.
Alright, song number three, The Cells by The Servant.
Sounds goth-y. We'll see. Enjoy!
My skin feels like orange peel My eyes are peed, my vacuum sealed
My organs move like a swarm of eels We should be more adventurous the way they
feel They annoy me, they'll still employ me
They could destroy me, they should destroy me
We ain't Chinese, I'm funny
Look for each other in the TV screen
I'm your self and it's time to stand
I'm your self and it's time to stand
All I do, I wanna do is you
Every day and that's my day
That's my day and that's my little risk
All I do, all I wanna do
Sissy skin, they move on mass
Like a rash on the back of a manky cat
Now in I go, like a fool
I can't resist dipping in the pool
Watch them, watch me, watch them too
Across the street, across the realm
I dress myself like a charcoal sketch
My eyes are brown and my head's red
They annoy me, they'll soon employ me
They could destroy me, they should enjoy me
We ain't Chinese, up on me
To live for each other and to see me scream
The sun goes up and the sun goes down
The day has come and soon will come
For us to all understand
Every day and every night day
Every day and every night day
Come right here, all I do, I wanna see you
I don't trust that it's time to tell
I drag myself into the town
All I do, I wanna see you
The sales I am at the moment will soon die But I will be here, oh I'll still be here
The sales I am at the moment will soon die
But I will be here
Oh, I'll still be here
Oh, you're the one who's out there
The sun will tell
Let myself into the shadows
All I do, I wanna be here
Alright, that was song number three, The Servant with the Cells.
Let's see if that was Good Cells or Bad Cells.
Jamie.
Mitochondria.
It's like Parasites.
I don't know.
I don't know if I liked it or not.
I would listen to it if I were doing something else, but I wouldn't just listen to it and it definitely wouldn't go in my car.
So it gets 5.
It made me very mellow and I kind of liked it. I think I'd like to listen to it a little bit.
Um...
I want to say a 7.12398.
I don't know, I just didn't feel the music too much.
I mean, it's a good song, but I just didn't feel it in a way.
I'd say 6.8.
It's quite a pretty good ambiance, actually.
I mean, it's not something I would bump in my system or nothing like that,
but it kind of has a very, kind of a dark theme to it, obviously.
It kind of throws me to the Silent Hill 4 type music. I was thinking it actually. I'd give it a...
Although when you talk about wild products expecting something wild, I'll give it an 8.12.
I give it like a six and a half you have to see this with the trailer it is goddamn
sexy that's all I have to say cuz now the instrumental version is gonna be in
the movie I think actually guys boys can't takes away from the song cuz you
missed all the cool guitar riffs but I was looking hard for that instrumental
version but I couldn't find it because the soundtracks not yet so but goddamn
at Go See Sin City. It's gonna be fucking awesome coming out April 1st. April 1st, See
Sin City, the only movie you'll need to see the entire year. Screw Star Wars and King
Kong. This is the best movie ever. And I give it a 10. Alright, it's not up to us to decide,
it's up to you to decide. You're gonna place your vote for one of these three songs. Song
number one, Echo Image, Endless Day.
I
song number two is DJ Bobo with a song called
I believe
And song number three, The Servant, with a song called The Cells.
Please vote now, send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote, and
if you don't understand what I'm saying there, I'll type it in chat for you guys right now.
uh... or is already dot com click on chat in the meantime
low-key
how about that sim scene
how about it's not going around for much longer that's for sure
uh... so the big news this week was
ddr uk was shut down
why was shut down voluntarily and here is why voluntarily because
the uh...
uk equivalent of the r-i-a-a came after them and says
Currently, the site has been placed into a temporary state of closure. This is a direct
response to communication from the IFPI in regards to a variety of links and files that
were available from the site. No direct legal action is being raised and this action has
been voluntarily undertaken. We hope for normal service to resume soon. Now, there's a little
bit more to go along with that. And apparently, this was posted in, it was posted on my cell,
but it was actually posted from the Game Facts boards. Let's see if I can find this real quick here.
It's basically a run down, kind of a quick little fact of what's going on in regards to why the site was closed and yada yada.
I do know, well, the site was taken down voluntarily. They haven't pressed charges. It's due to the response for the official files that were on there.
on there. So, you know, obviously they got in trouble for that. Where's the link here?
Let's see. Now there were some other interesting things on that, like, I wish I could really
find this. Where is it? Anyways, it's basically, they got the logs of everyone that downloaded
that crap so they don't know what exactly that's gonna entail as far as
you know all the people have downloaded this stuff you know whether they're
gonna get in trouble or whatnot lucky for me I don't download off that site at
least none of the official stuff and not from there now the other thing though
which was interesting and this is in regards to but my cell they're talking
about taking down their sim file thing, too. Here we go. No, that's not it. And basically,
no, the same reasons. Oh, okay, here we go. The DDRUK legal proceedings fact. It says,
what happened to the site? DDRUK was recently contacted by the IFPI regarding legally held
music recordings being distributed on the site. The recordings in question were the
official sim files from Konami's Dance Dance Revolution game. How'd they find out? Officially,
Unfortunately, we do not know. Unfortunately, unofficially, the AFPI website allows anonymous reporting of copyright infringement.
Since the downloads are only accessible by registered members, it is likely a DDRUK site member contacted the IFPI and gave them details of the files being stored.
Uh oh, they must have banned somebody and they didn't like that.
Anyways, what's going to happen to the site? Right now we do not know. Miss is currently unreachable and is currently in discussions. The site is down for the moment and is likely to remain that way until later dates.
Currently unconfirmed. Is Miss facing a fine or jail time? This is the guy that runs the site.
No, Ms. has given full cooperation with the authorities.
They have requested that, requested the BitTorrent tracker statistics from his site logs.
Whilst recent database errors have erased most recent data, it is understood that a
log of all uploading and downloading has been done through the site, including user names,
profiles, and IP addresses.
In return, he has, he is avoiding any punitive action and says, what will happen to the users?
this we do not know, aside from the fact that Ms. has complied with the request, we do not
know what action, if any, the AFPI intends to take and this will be updated as, you know,
they know more.
Comment from the chat room, coming from same, says that fact is fake and I'm sorry but I
tend to agree because I wouldn't believe that goddamn thing I would read on the game facts
message boards.
Well, whatever. Okay, all we know... I... Well, here's the thing that also was suspicious of me, is the BitTorrent files, they aren't on that server. They're on ddramerica.com, which also got shut down, but that's another thing entirely.
I think this is just a scare tactic, honestly. I don't... I mean, come on, people!
It's frickin' DDR sim files. They're not even often the full songs. They're little cut-down versions of these full songs.
If they were really gonna do lawsuits against the users of DDR UK, don't you think everybody that's ever used Supernova would be extremely fucked right about now?
I mean, seriously, you can download, you could have downloaded way more stuff, full CDs off Supernova, Dark Sakura.
Some of us still download full CDs off of Bytor.com.
Yeah, they really shut down Supernova there, it's like a completely, anyway.
Besides the Supernova here.
So basically, yeah, the whole scare thing's going on right now, everyone's, you know, in pandemonium or whatever.
Now the other thing that happened this week is there's yet another character created, and this character...
But even if they're trying to catch us or anything like that, we can always file back a counter lawsuit for invading our privacy and stuff.
That's why...
I think you're more just getting into international messiness.
I think it's just international messiness. I think somebody's pulling your leg over on GameFAQs, I honestly do.
Like it's RIAA crap, they lost the lawsuit with the MP3s and shit, so...
I mean, because when you get into the international stuff, because Canada frickin' was upheld in court that the people sharing files were protected in Canada.
So, if you're a Canadian user that downloaded off of DDRUK, you'll get off scot free, but if you're an American user, hey, you're going to be screwed.
I don't know. Anyway.
Because it's the IPI, it's not the RIA.
As I was mentioning, dancing character, I have to show Rob, obviously this is not good radio because you can't see it, but this is something you would think I would have made. But I didn't make it, so anyways.
Okay, a description for those at home. Basically, somebody has created a DDR character for StepMania
that is a naked girl, well, a topless girl, and her boobs in full glory and wearing tight
little panty bottoms or something she's got there, little skirt bottom. What is the name
of this character and where can the little boys who want to masturbate to it? Oh, I love
that! Did you see on the upskirt cam? You can see her little punani on the little upskirt
did you see that? It was a little dark spot in the shape of a triangle. Okay, where can
the boys get this? Well, it's been taken down due to, I guess, bandwidth issues. But, it
can be found, there was a thread on DDR Freak in the sim file section that you could find
this. I luckily searched Google and in a cache page I found the link here, which I will later
post to, I'll post the link in OrangeLaunchRadio.com where you can find it, which I'll upload to
my site or something. That was the first thing I noticed is that you could see her cootie
box when it was going up the skirt there. I can't believe you guys missed it. Jamie's
kind of, now Jamie's even got that curious look on her face. Oh. Anyway.
That's ridiculous. Where is my pantsless rage? Seriously, where's our pantsless rage, our
boydancers pervs so yeah enough of that I I don't remember where I got it but is
some guy made it and I'm sure if you look over in if you search for like
black and oh is it step mania character or or it's like I'll remember it's just
whatever they posted in the one thread I found it pretty easy but I will post it
a link, um, it will be in our forums to where you can find the wonderful StepMania, um,
character. Yeah. Anyways. Um, so that's pretty much all that's going on right now. Just a
whole bunch of scaring, you know, scared people and that kind of thing. But, I should mention,
because we haven't mentioned it yet, um, big news will be coming this week regarding Dancing
Stage Fusion, the 25th through the 27th. We're going to be finding out all about that. So,
couple things. Exciting. I don't know what else to say. You're still giggling over there,
explicit. You're like a little 12-year-old boy who just saw boobies on the TV for the
first time on HBO. Dude, change of channel 9, it's the breast exam girl. Actually, this
This brings up a good topic. I would like to go around the room. You don't have to participate
if you don't want to. But I want to talk about the first time you ever saw the naughty bits
of the opposite gender. Dark Sakura.
is kind of embarrassing mm-hmm but there was this little there was a kid I played
with in my neighborhood and I was nine and he thought that one day it would be
funny to pull down his pants and I told his mommy and got him spanked that's hot
it was our next-door neighbor this is when I used to run around carrying my
gizmo everywhere my little gremlins doll gizmo huh but seriously that was my
first exposure and I thought it was incredibly stupid
all right my mommy my mom had no idea how to explain to me anyway anyway Mel B
You guys don't have to participate, I'm just talking to whoever's got the mic.
First time seeing live naughty bits, man.
I mean, okay, like all media aside, gosh.
I don't know, I think by the time I had seen live ones, I had been so desensitized by all the porn that my dad hid underneath his bed in the cab.
It really wasn't anything new to me other than like, okay, it's about time I saw this live, you know, it's 3D and...
3D?
yeah I mean it was like they didn't have any of that rad 70s porn with the glasses
and there weren't any cool like you know rainbows in the background or like you know little stars
flying around I mean but I guess it was a treat to see like you know nice little shadows and like
things just wow there's texture to them and oh they're cold or wow it's it was
yeah yeah the first time I've ever seen them was in my it was in my truck and it was in the back
of the cab, and it was a very cold night. We had to keep each other warm somehow.
Anybody else care to go, explicit?
If coming out of your mom's vagina is a cow.
Not quite there, buddy.
Alright, okay, I was one years old. Okay, actually I don't even remember what the hell
happened when I was one. Okay, let's go the year when I was three years old.
Okay, I come to the bathroom, someone rushes to the shower, naked, I was like, holy shit,
what is this?
And what, and what, and what is head growth your, and what is head growth down there?
Wow, this is getting interesting.
Did I really want to bring up this topic?
I don't know.
Hey, you're the one who brought it.
You know what? I dated girls in high school and that's how I saw boobs. Like Mel, you'd
seen it on TV enough times, it was just like, oh, now I've got them live and in person.
But really, you know, sad enough. But now, remember ladies, I'm gay. But the first time
I saw the lower equator was actually at a strip bar. My girlfriends were always virginal
and peer and, you know, didn't want to show that, you know, so.
I see.
Well, boobs are one thing though. I mean, hell, if you're in Europe, hey, boobs are just nothing else, you know.
Anybody else want to go? Low key.
This is easy. I assume this is the first time in live.
It was sixth grade. They were doing presentations in my class
for, um, before, um, we were studying Roman history or something like that. No, it wasn't
Roman history, we were reading, um, no, we were reading, um, I want to say it was like,
not Julius Caesar, no, um, something to do with Greek and Romans, we were studying history
or something, and there was a presentation being done in the class, and, you know, people
All in front of the class.
Oh yeah, we're supposed to talk about games on this show. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Games
that little kids play. Alright, let's go to a break guys. When we come back from the break
we're going to do the FUs of the week, we're going to talk about who won the cage match
and who knows, whatever else we feel like. We're going to do whatever the hell we please,
basically here on Orange Lounge Radio. So you just be ready for it.
We'll be back after this.
I decided we'd do a break of some DDR songs, some pretty well-known DDR songs.
And just for Jamie, I made the first song by Taku.
And it's one we haven't played in a while. So starting off, we have Era
Starting off the mix.
we'll be back
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys for sticking with us.
We're getting into the last hour of the show here. We have plenty of stuff coming up,
including some favorite segments you've come to know and love.
We gotta get one of those segments taken care of, though, and that would be the cage match.
You guys wanna know who won tonight's cage match?
Uh-huh.
I have to give props to the chat room. Lot of people voting
tonight's cage match. Very pleased to see a lot of participation from the chat room tonight
and you know what? Once again, one vote
separating not only the winner from the second place song
but from the third place song as well. It was that
freaking close tonight. So here it is. The winning song of tonight's cage match
is...
Echo Image with Endless Day, one more time, very, very close, one vote, any other direction
would have made all the difference, so very nice, thank you for participating you guys,
and we'll do it again next week. Alright, moving on, you know, we're kind of, you know,
getting into the last hour of the show, we really only have what, FUs, Ask Orange, Lounge,
left to go, right? You know the usual bits. Well, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we get
bored and we're looking for things to talk about on the show because, you know, if we
don't talk about DDR, there'll be people out there that go, man, that Orange Lounge
Radio sucks. They don't ever talk about DDR. They talk about the first time they saw boobs
or penises. They're all gay. What's wrong with them?
You know chat room, you're really missing something without being able to see Rob's face while he does this.
Well, I can talk about both at once. Man, everybody at Orange Lounge Radio is gay.
It's a big gay station. Everything about it is gay.
You mean unhappy?
So, in an effort... Where is that rainbow cake, man? What kind of hug is this?
Oh, how fruity. In an effort to, you know, warm ourselves up more to the DDR community,
we seek inspiration from posts from ddrfreak
oh god no
that's right
it's time for the ddr chit chat post of the week
since you know we are syndicated now on ddrfreak radio you know we gotta give a
shout out to our
our fellow friends over at ddrfreak so
we're working together
with the Freak by stealing one of their topics for one of our own. So here it is, the DDR
topic of the week. Here it is guys, and we, y'all are going to have to answer this, okay,
here it is. Subject of message, what are tournaments like? And that's the entire message right
there. It says C title in the message. So, Jamie, what are tournaments like? Hell on
earth oh come on the thing is how the past ones I've been to I've had a hand
in running hell on earth and you don't eat all day now we're talking about DDR
tournaments I didn't talk about DDR turn now well now wait a minute though there
was the one tournament we had in Sacramento where a lanky style and rice
princess were running the kitchen with deep-fried Twinkies I had half of one so
So you did get to eat that day.
That's all I needed to eat all day.
Explicit, what are DDR tournaments like?
Heaven or hell.
The good thing about tournaments is, of course, you get to meet with a lot of people, chit-chat, and compete so you can feel welcome to see how your skills match up with others.
Are you better than everybody else or not?
Some tournaments actually serve food, but I'm currently in a tournament I'm organizing called Sacktown Smackdown
Not piss!
We don't need to go back there
I'll talk to you about that
Talk to Mel about it another time, I'm not bringing that subject back up this week
Okay, okay, back on topic
And the tournament is just to meet the organizers
And for those who are lonely they can visit the opposite sex if that's possible
Okay, as for the hell part, this is where I get cranky.
People bitch about the fucking pads.
Oh, wow, the up-air doesn't work.
Well, that's too bad. If it doesn't...
We only say that if it doesn't work immediately.
You gotta have a step up. No matter how many pounds of pressure put on it.
But I've seen people complain because they tap it very lightly and you get a miss.
Oh, wow, you got a miss. So what? Focus more. Don't give up.
saying what oh my god you screwed me over on the fucking tournament or
complaining about the rules and of course you get the butt-raping drama
that's been going around and shit Oh NorCal versus SoCal oh wow what's that
what that what what big of a deal is it? Seattle versus everybody! NorCal versus SoCal ain't no rivalry man
especially Freestyle that's a one-sided ass whooping that ain't a rivalry oh
dear oh dear he's starting something okay that's what I'm getting to in the
freestyle section. You know, freestyle is always about opinions. You can't complain
saying you deserve first place or second place. Unless you got something that's a tournament
that's favoring one side or the other. If that is the case, they shouldn't even be judges.
Of course Mel B knows what kind of tournaments those have been.
Alright Mel B, I gotta ask Mel B though. Oh I'm sorry.
I'll continue the address to Mel B. Okay, Mel B, because you've won a couple
tournaments and you've had a hand in judging and putting together some what
are tournaments like? Payday. It's Mel Ego B everybody. As far as I'm concerned
there's two things that I know when I have a good tourney. I come out paid and
when I'm done back home there are panties on my drawer. I don't know it's
kind of hard to say if obviously if we're going back about five years ago
tournaments were like a big thing because like you know we were trying to
promote the game we were trying to like get people aware of this and so like no
I mean we took tournaments seriously we figured you know we had to put our best
foot forward to make this game look good and say like hey this is something
everyone can enjoy and all that good stuff and so it was sort of fun but when
I got to my first tournament I won and like by that I think that just kind of
like maybe see tournaments a whole different way like I had to go out there
and I had to win, I wasn't out there to,
I mean, yeah, I was out there to have fun
and, you know, socialize and promote it,
but when all was said and done,
I didn't drive down five hours to LA to be second place
or to be, you know, to have a good show.
Oh, snap.
You know, screw that.
But, so yeah, after all, you know, tourneys,
you know, yeah, I got bigger prizes,
got my solo machine, got my popping music controller
at the last tourney, which is pretty dope, by the way.
Thank you, desktop arcade.
I would say as far as organizing a tourney,
those things are not fun.
Yeah, organizers are not that great. I think perfect attack attorneys are fucking boring as hell
because it's I it's
Yeah, there's just basically nothing new you can put to PA
I mean, yeah, you could put on different modifiers, but then it's like you're not really gauging someone's perfect attack ability
You're gauging their improv, you know, they're they're sight reading more or less, which is not a bad thing
I mean, it's something that should be tested at the same time
It's kind of just kind of gone to the wayside. It's boring in my opinion. At least with freestyle, there's that chance you can see something new and something cool.
But tournaments are pretty fun if you just don't hang around the venue too long.
DDR tournaments for me are about bringing a lot of Febreze and a Super Soaker to give some of these kids a bath.
No, I'm kidding. Actually, I'm not. But, you know, DDR tournaments, it's all about community to me, and I could give a shit about who's winning the tournament, and I've participated in tournaments, and I've lost big. I've done decent in some as well, but to me, yes, to me it's about making people know who I am.
And I'll tell you what, after the March Madness where we had DDR Idol, you know who I am.
It's about making your DDR penis as big as possible.
We need to do DDR Idol again.
Are you actually going to come back or is Dr. Forrest going to come back?
The good doctor is thinking about it. You just need something to get him out of the closet again.
Remember that in my tournament, you guys do improv with a prop, that's a new thing I'm putting up for freestyle. Improvision with a prop.
I'll talk to the good doctor about it, we'll see what he comes up with.
Or you're probably saving up for DDR History X.
I don't want to beat the Dr. Dick thing into the ground though, I'm only going to use him on a rainy day.
How can you not?
We'll see, we'll see. Alright, uh, SharkSkrull, anything you wanted to add to this discussion?
What is a tournament like? Yes. Okay, find my friends, jabber jabber jabber, have they started yet? Jabber jabber jabber, another hour. Have they started yet? Jabber jabber jabber.
Oh, there's a routine, who's on? Oh, we just missed the entire thing, oh well. That's it.
And most of the time it involves doing something completely unrelated to DDR, like actually mini-golfing.
By the way, SharkSkrull and I met for the first time at a DDR tournament.
Just jabber jabber jabber.
That's right.
Cause DarkSakura and I were pissed that we screwed up on PA.
So we talked...
No, I met you before the PA.
Cause I remember you guys went to go get the bats.
That's...
Yeah!
Remember?
And the toy horns.
But I remember we screwed up on PA so bad and we got your input on what we should do
for the freestyle.
And then like, me, DarkSakura, IguanaGirl, I remember we all went to the Rite Aid and
we got the bats and we did the Stomp to My Beat routine, which was the best routine I
was ever a part of by the way. Now the funny thing is I remember when I met you, and I
know I've told you this, but I'll tell the entire world this, my first two thoughts when
I met Rob. Wow, he's hot. Wow, he's gay. In that order, at that speed. Thank you. Thank
you, honey. I'm blushing. Stop, girl. See, you know what I'm talking about? Tournaments
being good for my ego. Anyway, uh, Loki, anything you want to add about DDR tournaments?
The, um, well, they're long and boring. Yeah, that's my take on them. They're like, um,
watching Titanic. It's like you keep expecting something, you keep expecting something cool
to happen, and someone says that there's something really good about it, but you just don't see
it no matter how long you watch it, and after you're done, you want your three hours back,
so that's pretty much, you know, pretty much how it is. Oh, and you know, you expect something
major to happen, like, you know, Leonardo DiCaprio to die, but then you find out he
just was acting, so, so it's like... And then, you know, we're all shocked to find out the
The boat sinks.
Oh my!
Thank you for ruining it for me, Rob!
Something completely unexpected happens, like the same people winning the tournaments all
the time.
That's wonderful.
It's alright.
The doctor's going to make a comeback.
Just you wait.
Alright, anyway, let's move on.
So that was our DDR Freak post of the week.
There you have it.
Our DDR chit-chat post of the week.
If you keep posting over in DDR Freak on the DDR chit-chat boards, your post, if it's interesting enough, could be fodder for the show.
Alright, moving on.
Fodder for our ridicule.
Let's get into the FUs of the week.
Jamie, why is it that we have to do these FUs every single week?
Because life is a big stinking pile of shit.
An F.U. goes toward the entirety of my week since Wednesday for getting 3 hours of sleep
in as many days
uh... for being an emotional wreck for the past few days
uh... and if you too
uh... basically almost having to go find my own damn apartment
uh... to being harassed by the cops at Denny's
over an open confrontation
it's not funny
it's really serious
uh...
just F you to all that
and having to compromise
for a worthy cause
that's it, that's all I'm gonna say
alright then we'll move on to
Loki
first off, thank you to myself for having to buy another fucking hard drive for
this god damn computer
because I didn't calculate the voltage
needed for these things so
you know one rail of the power supply would have been maxed out if I bought
this other things basically you plug in a USB anything and the computer crashes
so that would have sucked but I got a larger hard drive out of it now I have
this really small 30 gig laptop hard drive that I have no fucking clue I'm
gonna do it and fuck you this goddamn slow people in front of me today while I
was coming home you were literally driving like 20 miles an hour and 50
mile an hour area. I drive by you and guess what, you're old.
There's a shocker. Seriously,
honestly, driving slower will not get you...
will not let you live longer, basically.
You cannot slow down time. So please,
drive the speed limit or faster. May I add one?
A few people with halogen headlights, thank you. Oh yes,
I'd like to second that. Nothing that I like more than having the sun
staring at me through my back window you know cuz I'm glad you can see five miles
in front of you but I can't even see two feet in front of me because your lights
are burning my retinas I'm sorry but you know I fucking hate all these trucks
with like fog lamps and shit on them they have so much you know fucking light
coming out of them I literally I could see them cutting a hole in the fog you
know literally just evaporating right in front of them it's just nuts no wonder
their tears fucking, you know, get hit by cars because they stare into the headlights.
They like literally go blind. They're just like brain shocked. So that fucking sucks.
And just basically, you know, fuck you do, this stupid Dremel attachment that I have,
this little flex shaft thing that supposedly allows you to use a Dremel tool in like really
tight places and stuff. But the goddamn thing, you know, I put the bit inside of it and it
threw the god damn saw blade out at me so that sucked
I don't want to hear any of your giggling over a flex shaft in tight places
the hell with you people
you're saying about talking about putting things in tight places in this crowd
I know, that sounds like fun girl
And a Final Fantasy-related, um, F.U. to this guy named Warchief, who is a complete moron,
who I literally think is retarded, and doesn't speak English.
So... Way to go, retarded people.
D'oh! Final Fantasy fun!
So, um...
Yay.
So, the hell with all that.
Um, yeah, really, it's been a pretty, um, decent week, though.
I'm done.
Uh, an F.U. to my mouse that just decided to die on me while, uh, so I can't control the
show right now except with the keyboard. So this is gonna be an interesting, uh, second
half of the show. I, I've just gotta go run and get the spare battery, so I gotta keep
my F.U.s kinda short. Um, F.U. to the Valero that just opened up, uh, uh, literally across
the street I don't know if you notice they've been building a gas station
across the street just to set this up the orange lounge studios are in the
middle of fucking nowhere okay and they just finally built a gas station like
literally right across the street from us but now it has a mini-mart and of
course these mini-marts are gonna be freaking marked up to all hell but it's
so convenient so now I'm gonna end up paying like five dollars for 12 pack of
Pepsi because well shit it's right across the street and I'm lazy also an
FU to my low alcohol tolerance but you know I think I think I did pretty good
this week all things considered and that's all I'm gonna say we're gonna
move on moving on who's got the mic over there yeah I guess we might as well
start it off with explicit remember it's a three-hour show buddy all right good
did it from the previous weeks have not been saying F use a big F you goes to
almost everybody who keeps calling that my goddamn term it's pissed just cuz it
Just cuz some people spell this Paradise Island, Sacktown Smackdown.
Doesn't mean it is called piss, just called Sacktown Smackdown.
Since when did we have a piss attack?
Ooh, I'm on a perfect...
I don't know, the first Sacramento attorney I remember was called Scat, so...
That was not my idea.
But on an odd enough note, I actually found two of the scat t-shirts in my closet while
looking for stuff, so maybe we'll fill it out as a surprise.
T-shirts from the bottom of my closet.
The mouse is fixed.
Thank you.
Another F.D. ghost is someone putting a fucking glass, a fucking, um, snowy ball on the fucking
road again.
What am I supposed to do, rush?
Don't fucking ask. I drive back and forth every day and I see someone throw a damn bottle out of nowhere.
Who the hell do you think you are?
This used to be the rush of $1,000 fine if you throw anything out the window.
If you get caught.
Yeah, if you get caught, but it's because the cops are so lazy eating their fucking 12 donuts.
It doesn't- oh, Krispy Kreme donuts, ooh! The middle!
Hey, now, now, now, don't be getting, you know, mad at cops for eating donuts.
They have to have breakfast just like you and me.
And, goddammit, if they decide to, you know, frequent a donut place, then that's their god-given right.
Ha ha ha! Yeah...
Yeah, I'm not gonna- I'm not gonna go with the friggin' donut issue of seeing a cop-
It's donuts' faults for being so goddamn delicious!
They have two damn rounds as well.
I'm not gonna go...
Let me see, another FD goes to GDR UK for shutting down, of course.
He's got people trying to spy over MP3s and shit.
But like I stated earlier, I said, you can always file a calendar to lawsuit for barging in our privacy and shit.
Always forgiving.
And if not, really, we'll beat that shit out of him.
Problem solved.
Or just kill him if we can't beat him up.
Uh, yeah, to be continued, because I wanted to keep doing a short show.
Oh, good, okay, good. Only ten minutes this week, explicit. Appreciate it, I'm kidding.
Mel B!
Oh, gosh, uh, after you go to my, uh, workplace over at NAMCO,
real smooth to have a QA department of about, oh, maybe 60 strong or so,
and have like six computers for all of us to use.
Especially more for the bug, like a really big project here.
And there's just so many crashes that they kind of wonder why there's like ten duplicate bugs
in like the system. Because no one can go to their own computer,
look up the PC, see if it's been written already, and just everything is so chaotic.
So uh yeah, they just need to get their act together and uh, you know, they need to just
redevelop the place and make it even more Pac-Man-ish. Or you know, at least
They give us, you know, like Friday, I think Friday, Katamari days, we can like roll our boxes up or something, that'd be pretty nice.
Do you have Katamari stress balls?
Maybe.
Yeah, there's, I'm actually, um, funny enough, one of the people who I know at Namco just granted some Konami work in the marketing division, so I'm gonna try to see if she can do my hookups and stuff.
And she's Japanese too, so that's a double quad.
I did find out that, for the LucasArts people, they get thermal nuclear detonator truffles.
Ah yeah, so yeah, happy to them. Happy to, um, happy to myself for losing my damn keys on Friday night.
Apparently what happened was, it ended up in Sharp's girl's handbag somehow. I don't know if she had a hand in this.
I swear to you, I had the bag on your chair. You threw the keys on the chair when you walked in the door and it fell on my bag.
But you're the responsible one, you should know what you think.
So yeah, thank you to myself for just losing my keys like I always do.
Thank God I actually found it.
But uh, that's about it.
Life is actually alright otherwise, this week.
Sharks, girl.
I don't really have anything, I'm feeling pretty mellow.
F you to not being happy, or not being angsty.
F you to being happy and not being angsty.
Well, F.U. to you for giving me an F.U. to her.
That's what I was looking for. All right. Nellie, any F.U.s?
I see you just putting the mic in my face. I don't know if that's really what you're doing.
I have one to add.
Ooh, she's getting snippy with me. All right.
I have one to add, actually.
An F.U. to LucasArts for ending my friend's assignment so I can't go to the Skywalker Ranch anymore.
he heard the show and heard that you were gonna fling meatloaf at him
or whatever it was you were eating that yeah well fuck you George Lucas
thank you for ruining an entire continuity that I grew up with
exactly okay Star Wars was my first movie ever
I was one and my mom drug me screaming to the movie theater
however I would be quiet whenever Darth Vader was on the screen that would show
that I was meant to have a life of evil
Um, but uh, just, screw him, you know? He's, he's messed with my childhood.
But he did cast Natalie Portman in his movies. I'm gay and I'd hit that.
And she's one of five people in that movie who have any talent.
Very true.
Alright, now now man, that Chewbacca, that's awesome.
I am looking forward to seeing the Wookie planet though.
Oh god, they get out of the ship, they're all,
they're all, what the hell's going on?
It's just all that.
Go back, it's too loud.
It's all it is, it's just so annoying.
It's like even more annoying than Jar Jar Binks,
are being. It just sounds like one giant plant of retards. Alright, let's move on to the
chatroom FUs because we've got quite a few tonight. Darkknight says, F you to cold weather
and ice. Peralta says, F you to the people who hate my little Euro car with the bright
halogen lights. Actually, he didn't say halogen lights. I threw that in there, but I'm assuming
that's what he's referencing he also says f you to the mess I woke up to this
morning the gays left the house so much cleaner than it was before Clara from
drawn together ah right Jan says f you to being emotionally stupid the other
night f you to my mom being a total bitch yesterday and Joyce says f you to
horny guys to think that they can have ass sex with me while I'm trying to
dance. F you to potholes for trying to mess up my lowered truck. Big red pimp
Ohio Bamani says F you to being too broke to buy a Para Para Para controller
so I can make drivers for step mania. Zerus says a big F you to not playing my
baby daddy sooner. Oh keep on talking we ain't gonna play that song you gonna
have that attitude. Jaded 2005 says F you to the person who's requesting my baby
Momma cuz it sucks well that was that was comic timing
DJ Ron mass says F you to the fuck tards on my job for stealing you're making it
worse on the entire store step air off 1215 says F you to Thursday for no
inside the box it's actually outside the box and F you to the blizzard for
ruining my weekend in DDR playing now real life got in the way what can I say
Illusions says F you to this weekend being so goddamn boring
although Friday was hella yes I said hella fun because Denny's plus karaoke to
love shack with my friend Amanda
and getting a standing ovation from a crowd of drunken Mexicans that couldn't
understand what I was even saying
dot dot dot and F you to close your eyes by day behavior being impossible to find
Phoenix says
F you to death F you for me missing the first part of Orange Lawn's radio and no F you to
Jamie because she is the bestest and pretty damn hot too you go girl you got
a fan my heart I have a stalker yeah I want a stalker no fair
k-dash says f you to myself for getting mad yelling at my boss and getting fired
this past week. On behalf of Orange Lounge Radio, don't!
I said there's plenty of McDonald's jobs outside, don't worry.
That's refreshing news, I'm sure. Alright. Seriously, you need to get a job at the Rayleigh's
Chinese food place, because the god damn people that work there can't fucking speak English.
would be a relief oh my god I gotta go into this later okay later on after this
you're done reading these SSJ 100 Matt says big fu for Dell Indian tech support
trying to get me to reformat my PC when I didn't need to also fu to Expedia.com
screwing me out of $180 Mikolatov says f you to Konami for making me come up
with passcodes for free sweet code and force flag I fucking hate slide puzzles
So of course I had to do one to get a code and F you to Final Fantasy 11 for making black mage artifact armor
So hard to get damn you squeamics
DDR angel says F you to the garrison run on a Final Fantasy 11. It was hard to stay alive
I made it and it was fun to have a new experience in game with an 18 person alliance
But F you to it being difficult and disorienting done. Bye
Islander says F you to everyone hating on my baby daddy
and F you to being laid off for my current job on Friday what's up I can't
pronounce this guy's name right no matter what
Cyrus I'm getting yelled at Flynn says F you to PCs max rock oh you got a cheer
there from actually I do have to say that I'm considering getting a Mac
after they get cheaper for one reason Mac mini I want the Mac mini to build a
countertop main machine out of yeah I wouldn't use it to actually you know use
it for a computer I want the laptops come down to those kinds of prices except
Since a lot of my major is now graphic arts and taught in the Mac Lab.
Alright.
And I think that's it.
Thank you guys for participating in tonight's FUs of the Week. Oh no wait! I had one more!
There was one more that came in over email. I forgot about that because it came from
Misty. She sent it on her cell phone to my email address.
FU to my cable modem and CD DVD drives for being out.
on aim via my cell at least but she's unable to listen to the show I actually
had another one to add okay just laughable how many people by orientation
for my Photoshop class was it's an online class was taught the mat was in
the Mac lab and it was amazing that half the people are saying how do I get on to
the blackboard because they didn't know where to find Internet Explorer I just
I laughed.
Silly PC people.
I laughed.
For a very long time. My first computer was one of those old Apple IIe.
Tall, tall ones.
It's like, this thing's taller than my head.
I love Oregon Trail.
Anyways...
As long as we're playing Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego on those things.
As I was going to say before about the retarded people at the Chinese food place,
there was actually some of those more retarded than the sample lady
and that was this person i don't even know who she was she wasn't even asian but
i was like i'm all i want ace
i want the um... large rice plate as advertised in this little um...
you know thing here where it's you know four ninety nine
so what she did she starts going for the chow mein
large rice plate
not chow mein
you know and so she's all
okay so she gets the rice and then she doesn't know what she's doing she keeps
asking the asian people and they're just like looking at her funny like you don't understand
you stupid so anyways i finally got my stuff but man she was a retard um and the other thing i was
going to mention which is kind of cool in two weeks i get to go see the kings play even though
i'm not a not a kings fan but i won uh floor tickets um to the kings and i honestly i hate
Where are Laker's Jordan?
a break, and when we come back, a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge. We have a little bit
of time for Ask Orange Lounge, or you could ask Mel B, Sharks Girl, or Explicit. You could
ask, maybe you could ask Nellie, that doesn't mean she'll answer you. You can ask, no, never
mind. Alright, anyway. How much money would it take for you to rape Robin? Alright. Ask
Orange Lounge when we come back for a little bit, and then we're gonna put the nail in
the coffin of the show. In this break, we're gonna do a two-song break featuring some requests,
some song that you guys have been requesting all night long. Here you go. We're gonna start
it off with a little bit of a ballad. So, get out the lighters and slow dance to this
one.
Love you baby, the place is true, just give me a chance to prove I'm leaving you
Oh baby, I'm never gonna end up to cry
All I want to do is tell you please
Love is the magic bird for us to see
Together we can see the night
The moon doesn't last that big
The only earth can know
The moon doesn't last that big
When you tell me you love me, you can be my love again
Come and join me, come and join me
I will tell you how I feel
You're in my mind every day
I will tell you how I feel
When, when, when you say hello
Tell me, girl, don't you know
Now who that is?
That my baby mama
If I catch disease, round town sources like a farmer
You better beware your baby mama
Who that is?
My baby momma
No, who that is?
My baby momma
Now who that is?
Baby momma
No, who that is?
My baby momma
Now who that is?
My baby momma
No, who that is?
My baby momma
Now who that is?
My baby momma
No, who that is?
My baby momma
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge radio, and I was going to do Ask Orange Lounge, but nobody
submitted a question yet, so I don't know what we're going to do.
I have a question.
Well, hold on.
We've got to do the music.
Just a minute here.
Okay, I just put it there in chat, a reminder of how to Ask Orange Lounge, if you would
like.
Yeah, ask us a question, bitches.
Since we don't have any questions yet, what we'll do is we'll allow somebody in the room to ask other folks in the room a question.
So, let me get the theme music so we can play.
Here we go.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
Will you rape me in a bus? Will you rape me in a car? Will you r-
Fuck it.
Uhh, Peralta has a question.
When will you report on Tony Hawk's latest game?
When monkeys fly out of my ass.
No, I, well, I like the Tony Hawk games, but they're just, they're too, um, heterosexual for this show.
I don't know, no, I'm kidding, I don't know.
When one magically appears on the hard drive of my HD loader.
When I magically get a chance to play it, I'll let you guys know what I think, I guess.
I need to play the Punisher, because you can kill people in, like, hundreds of different ways.
Including, like, taking their jaw, opening it up on a curb, and then smashing their skull down.
or throwing them through wood chippers or drill presses
or like many other ways. You can interrogate them over a roof by dangling
them by their feet and then you can let them go
and like a bunch of other fun stuff like that. It's like super violent and stuff.
I'm playing my favorite game already.
Peralta has a follow-up question. When will monkeys be flying out of Jamie's ass?
Hopefully never.
Alright, uh, Zerus says, why do so many people hate on My Baby, insert parent figure here,
My Baby Mama or My Baby Daddy?
I don't hate it, I just think we do play that song an awful lot, we're supposed to, you
know, that's supposed to be a rainy day song.
We need to do the more politically correct version, you know, uh, My Baby Non-Gender
Specific Parental Unit.
My Baby Parent, not...
I've been reading a lot of those politically correct bedtime stories, those little books.
And so, I was actually spending the other day trying to filk songs to do them politically
correct.
It didn't work.
Why does my baby have two mamas?
My baby mamas.
My baby mamas.
Alright.
I'm going to kind of tear through these because suddenly we're getting like eight questions.
It's crazy.
So I've got to burn through these because we've only got a little show left here.
K-Dash wants to know, what is the best way to pick up chicks?
Show him your wallet.
Lift them by the shoulders.
A backhoe.
Oh.
Tell him you're a great freestyler.
When he, well, when he says chicks, he means chicks at DDR attorneys.
Again, show him your wallet.
Okay, unless they're competing, they're usually there to watch their boyfriends.
Is there a barnyard at tournaments?
Little chicks?
Cheep, cheep, cheep, ha, ha, ha.
Boo!
Do I have any serious advice? You know what? Just go up and say hi. Girls are impressed with a guy with balls. Just go up and say hi.
Don't say hi repeatedly. If she walks away, don't follow her, because that's stalking.
Well, if she just doesn't say anything to you, but doesn't move, maybe she didn't hear
you.
That could be.
Or she's pointedly ignoring you.
Or she's deaf.
Or dead.
Or dead.
A DDR tournament is not a good place to talk to women because it's so fucking loud there.
Wait until they go outside.
casually stand there and go, oh hi, I saw you inside. Whip it out! If she walks up to
you and does the Margaret Cho pick up line, you know you've got it made. Whip it out and
tell her to suck it, it works every time. You know what line I'm referring to. Stick
it in! I didn't order this pizza with SUFFAGE! Phoenix says, who are the people on the couch?
From left to right, Explicit, Mel B, and Sharks Girl.
Illusion says, what the hell, read any good books lately that aren't of the homoerotic
variety aka Anne Rice novels?
Actually it's funny, my bathroom reading right now isn't an Anne Rice novel.
I'm reading the sequel to Blackwood Farm.
But it's all from Lestat's point of view, which I think he's absolutely
hilarious.
If you want to know why people are busting up laughing, it's because somebody in chat said
DER attorneys are not a good place to talk to girls because they're
probably underage.
Anybody else reading any books you want to share?
I'm reading a book on how to start your own business.
Will Wheaton, just a geek. He's an awesome author and he's even funnier live.
That's hot.
And I'm actually reading Yao Ming's autobiography right now.
It's quite, quite interesting I must say, even if you're not a basketball fan.
Alright.
Part two.
Nelly says, Penthouse part two.
Darkknight says, about Mario DDR.
If they had no choice but to put a Max 300 style song in it using a Nintendo game song,
If a tree falls in the forest and no one's around, just admit it.
Does anyone care?
If a tree falls in the middle of the forest and nobody's around, nobody's still listening to internet radio.
I remember that in Family Guy. He's like, yeah, Phil fell down last week and he hasn't stopped talking about it.
Mikolatov has a question for Loki. Loki, why did you not include Strangers with Candy, the movie, as one of the must-see movies of the year?
year? Because I had to pick one, and, you know, Sin City was over Strangers with Candy.
I still want to see Constantine over Sin City. I will make Strangers with Candy my must-see
movie of the year. There you have it. I still want to see Constantine.
Legend of Zaku says, out of all the acts from last Tuesday's and Wednesday's American Idol,
Which do you think was the worst act and why? Did anybody actually watch it?
Who in here doesn't watch TV?
My hand is raised.
I watched it. I was here watching it, remember?
I think the last chick was cool because she was insane.
I would say the guy that was related to Toni Braxton, supposedly.
Who was the worst singer on American Idol on Tuesday or Wednesday?
Oh, it was the crazy girl who had multiple personalities and she had different voices
talking to her. That was hilarious. My favorite one, and Rob will agree with me,
is the one that she's like, Jesus gave me, or God gave me the sound of voice, or like
the gift of voice, and she's all, God wants me to sing for you, and then Simon's like,
God does not want you to win this competition.
SSJ100Matt says, why do only gay guys
and not hot girls get turned on by guys playing DDR?
Here's my answer to that. This is Murphy's Law in action because I, being a
gay man,
I only attract women playing DDR. So that's just the way life works, buddy.
Sorry, your non-preferred gender is the one that'll start hitting on you. It's just
life's funny. Oh, it says
sharks girl says on the contrary with your girl it's different
yes if you're a girl and you're playing any video game and you're any good at it
yeah you get some attention most of the time. Oh my god when I worked for
um cyber station. Walking around with the Pac-Man shirt
playing Tekken 3 back in the day. You've got boobs and you're good at games.
Marry me now. Yeah and I just kicked your ass. When I worked at the shark store wearing a hockey jersey
spouting facts and knowing more than the guys around
Oh dear God, it was crazy.
What would get the people is when I would accurately predict the next
character to come out because I would follow the Japanese machine
and actually they did three characters out of order.
I was playing Star Wars once and I had ten-year-olds boys that looked like they were about ready to propose marriage to me
because I was so good at it. I would put the cursor where characters were before they were there
because I had memorized all the patterns.
I think it's like a line that you hit depending on what type of group because you get the
worship in some groups and then you get the other way around in other groups is really
bad in Alabama.
I was just glad that my boyfriend at the time was as big of a nerd as I was and liked to
drink just as much as I did.
Alright we gotta wrap it up so one more question and then we're gonna put the nail in the coffin
on Ask Orange Lounge.
I apologize to those of you that were cutting off, we just did the questions in the order
we received them so you were towards the end.
Sorry guys.
DDR Angel wants to know, if MIST is like 20 years old and still very popular, what do
you think DDR or Bramani in general will be at its 20 year old birthday?
20 years old.
I think it'll be the thing that's going to be on VH1's I love the zeroes
and how Sparks is sitting there going
those crazy kids were playing that game with the flashing seizure lights and
and somewhere someone's still going to be raping the bar
uh... word
all right i think that uh... definitely sums it up
dark saccharine? I just had this vision of
this person twenty years from now
wait until everybody's gone
the lights are out
reached into their closet, pulling out one of those bars.
This is Orange Lounge Radio Live, this is episode 1048, and you're...
And I need a job!
Alright.
Well, our contract just ended for G5.
And you know, we've decided that we're going to go off on our own.
We're going to expand.
And you know, we just got done buying out 50 companies, and this one we're all
super successful and elitist we have people to do to you know pretend to be
us and in the latest ratings book we just got the latest ratings book and
look orange lounge radio has beaten g4 television in the ratings book and oh it
looks like the two guys tickling each other channel on live 365 also beat g4
in fact it looks like g4 came in next to last place and in last place the
microphone up a donkey's butt station. Hey, I like that station. Don't be dissing the
microphone up ass ass station. All right. We got to go around and get everybody's final
thoughts. Sorry to those questions we didn't get to. Explicit, your final thought.
There's nothing really, so. Mel B., your final thought.
Oh man, it's good to be back up in here.
I'm so boring, I don't have one.
Nellie, your final thought?
How much money would it take?
Yeah. Loki, your final thought?
Do you realize that on the internet, there are actually pictures of people eating babies?
I kid you not. I have seen pictures of a baby's soup.
Go to superzooie.com, that's S-U-P-E-R-Z-O-O-I.com. In the left-hand column there will be a picture thing, and click on the one that says Baby Soup, and it actually shows it.
My final thought is, why is he a co-host? Why? Why, why, why? Jamie?
My final thought was because he sat on the floor long enough to earn his spot.
Alright, final word of the show. Thank you guys very much for tuning in tonight.
Please tune into Orange Lawns Radio throughout the week for more live programming.
Pump up the volume on Tuesday nights, outside the box on Thursday nights, Diversion,
the reruns on Freak Radio, Oldie and Moldy shows on Wednesdays.
Final word of the show? Why not Mel, you got the mic. One word to sum it all up.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
In dreams he came
That voice which calls to me
And speaks my name
And do I dream again
For now I find
The phantom of the opera is there
Inside my heart
Sing once again with me
Our screams duet
My power over you
Grows stronger yet
And though you turn from me to glance behind,
The time come of the opera is there inside your mind.
Those who have seen your face draw back in fear
I am the moth you wear
It's me they hear
My spirit and my voice in one combine
The circle of the operated
Inside my heart
Y vez do nando lo mio para
Hail, my angel of union
Sing for me!
Sing for me!
Sing my angels!
I have brought you to this seat of sweet music's throne to this kingdom where all must pay
pay homage to music.
Music, you have come here
for one purpose and one alone.
Since the moment I first had you sing
I have needed you with me to serve me to sing
For my music
My music
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
Alright guys, that's it for tonight's broadcast to Orange Launch Radio. You know, I totally
forgot to get into the DDR Freak Idol thing. You know they're doing a DDR Freak Idol competition
in random chat right now?
Oh, lovely.
And I, I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna volunteer us to get involved somehow. I think it might
be fun.
What?
We'll see. Cause the DDR Freak users, you know, they wanna sing. So, we, why not? We've
got bandwidth. We'll let them sing on our bandwidth maybe. We'll see. We'll see. We'll
see. It depends what goes on with that contest.
I'm frightened.
Why not? I mean, if we let Loki sing on this station...
But that was comedy.
You made me do it, and I didn't want to. Anyways, hey,
check out that show on Tuesday nights, you know,
after listening to our wonderful programming.
It's called Distraction.
It's awesome.
They have, um, you know, basically they torture these people on the game show,
and they let them win cars,
and then when they get the car, they have to answer more questions or else they destroy the
the car it was great now this question is for your windshield and the guy got
it wrong so the losing contestants are there with like shit so the guy had a
sledgehammer smashed it once of the sledgehammer smashed it again the smash
of the third time the sledgehammer went through the windshield it was great
Alright, that's it. We're going to go now because we've got a podcast to tape.
But thank you very much for tuning in guys, and we will see you next week.
We're now going back to our Bamani music and more program.
