And now, the Orange Lounge Radio to Go Edition, your internet radio home for discussion on
rhythm and music gaming and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to the very first Orange Lounge Radio podcast.
I'm your host, Rob Roberts, along with my other host.
Dark Sakura, the great and terrible.
And then, of course, we have one more host you guys have all come to know and love.
And I'm hungry.
No, I'm looking.
All right, so, Orange Launch Radio, this is going to be the first edition of our podcast.
So what is this all about?
The Orange Launch Radio podcast, the idea behind this is this great new technology that's
out there on the internet that's basically, you can kind of think of it as an audio blog.
But it's something that you can subscribe to.
So if you're hearing this, you've figured out via our website how to subscribe to our
podcast and now what you're going to be able to do is that you stay subscribed to our podcast
and about every week or so you're going to get a brand new episode of Orange Lounge Radio
and this is not just rehashed, re-edited stuff that's on our normal 3 hour live talk program.
This is an all new program that's made specifically for you to take with you in your pocket everywhere
you go.
Just promise to treat us gently.
So in the end you can basically say, hey I win at the internet.
Exactly.
than all your friends, basically. No, but podcasting is an awesome technology. It
really just allows everybody to have a shot at creating all this unique content
out there. So we want to muck it up with our stuff too. So what is
Orange Lounge Radio all about? For those of you guys that may have never heard of
us before, you're hearing about us for the first time due to podcasting.
Basically, we are an internet radio station that broadcasts via www.orangeloungeradio.com.
We've been doing this for a couple of years now, and our radio station, which
originally founded behind the concept of rhythm and music video games.
Most common ones everybody thinks about are Konami's Bamani series.
That's Beatmania, Bamani, that was the first game in Konami's series of beat matching games.
There was Beatmania, then we had Dance Dance Revolution, that's the one you guys have all
heard about, certainly.
And then we have other games that came out in that series, Guitar Freaks, Drummania,
Para Para Paradise, all these types of games, right?
And then in the meantime, other folks notice what Konami's doing, and they come out with
their own music games that are pretty good.
You've got Amplitude, you've got Frequency, and then you've got Donkey Konga, Taiko Drum
Master now.
And then of course you had the granddaddies of them all, the very first games we saw like
this, one of your favorites.
Right Jamie?
Yeah, my Bust a Move.
Bust a Move.
Now, you get annoyed when people call this Bust a Groove though, right?
because best move the only reason why it's best to groove over here is because
Taito has best to move licensed for puzzle bobble which puzzle bobble is a
lot cuter name for the little bubble game because it was bubble bobble and
yet puzzle bobble best to move I'm sorry how do you bust a groove what do you do
just like fill it with something and then hit it with a jackhammer I don't
know how can you serve someone I mean it's just in the same same category
Corey right there doesn't make any sense. Whatever.
Alright so of course we have this love for music video games because it's how
we all kinda came together because you'll notice if you visit huge websites
dedicated to these games out there things such as ddrfreak.com
things such as BamaniStyle, DDR spot and of course OrangeLawnsRadio.com you
notice there's quite a little following to these games
however OrangeLawnsRadio we kinda want to expand we notice that
video gaming while it's addressed out there in the internet radio world
it's just not covered quite the way we think we can do it so we like to call
ourselves
also video game news about games that don't suck.
Which sometimes get fewer and fewer.
You'd be surprised. So there's just so many great new games out there we want
to talk about as well
and you know what, even when a game sometimes does suck, we gotta let you
know about it so you don't buy it.
Like Driver 3.
Alright so getting into it, what we want to do here in this episode, let's talk about
about what's going on this week because we want this to be a weekly thing so we're
always going to give you kind of the top stories what's going on. So let's talk
about what's going on in the music gaming world this week. What I want to
talk about is a story that was on ddrfreak.com actually just recently
posted this week and what they're talking about is that Konami is going to
showcase over at the Consumer Electronics Show 2005 and Konami is going
to actually feature Dance Dance Revolution at the show from January 6th
through the 9th and they're going to be doing this thing called the cardio play
zone so now of course the Consumer Electronics Show this is something that takes place in
America they're probably going to be selling games such as you know well I mean not literally
selling there at the show but they're going to be pushing games such as DDR Ultra Mix
2, DDR Extreme, things that came out this year but what a really good time to be pushing
this get fit envelope right at the beginning of the year huh?
Because everyone's going to be making their new year's resolutions and of course everyone's
going to get in a big frenzy to buy it right there at the beginning of the year so even
And if they lose their momentum later on, they've already made the purchase.
Exactly.
And now you are somebody that actually goes to a gym on a regular basis.
You play DDR for a workout sometimes, but you get your real workout at the gym, right?
Tell me about what happens in January versus what happens in June.
The gym fills up with so many stupid people, like, we're going to work out five million
days a week, and we're going to get fit, and then, of course, a month later, it's back
to business as usual.
Maybe a couple of them will stay, but you know, that's why for anyone, I say if anyone's
ever going to make that resolution to get fit, start light because you will burn yourself
out, like just about all those other people do at the gym.
Absolutely.
And if you're going to play DDR to get fit, you know, we've talked a lot about on our
three hour program, we've talked a lot about how, you know, folks use DDR in their diet
and things like that.
Just remember to stick with it, okay?
If you're going to play, play on a regular basis and stick with it because I'm speaking
from experience here.
If you stop playing for a while, you lose it.
It's not just the skill you lose, but you lose your stamina and it sucks.
Oh yeah, I can attest to that.
See right now I'm working on the first stage of our coverage of the aerobic aspects of
DDR.
I'm working on the fattening up stage, okay?
And then we'll get into the actual gameplay.
I can't say when but at some point we'll start playing again
or at least I'll start playing again and become sexy again
but right now it's just like quasi-sexy
so I can't win.
Also what I want to talk about is going on in Bomani News right now this has to do
with DDR UltraMix 2
awesome mix that's out there for the Xbox. They
partnered up with a different drum.com the label there and
just gave a whole new style of music to it. Well,
through the DDR Freak forums, we actually know some of the new songs that are going to be
in downloadable Song Pack 8.
So you guys can look forward to these songs. We have Cosmic Cowgirl is going to be in
Song Pack 8. That was the song that was in Guitar Freak. Do you remember that song?
I love that song.
Exactly. That was my Drummania song. Cosmic Cowgirl. We have a remix of Kind Lady. We
don't know exactly what the remix title is yet, but there will be a remix of Kind
Lady in the
in the song pack. Another remix of In My Eyes was going to be happening as well
and the Togo project featuring Sana
More Deep version 2.1. This song you might remember was a hidden song in the
Max 2 USA so now it's going to cross over to the Xbox
and this is a really interesting one I thought.
If I can even pronounce this right, it's a song from Guitar Freak 6
and Drummania 5 and it's crossing over into DDR. It's
Balalakia, Carried with the Wind. You know this one? It's kinda, it's kinda
an interesting one. Alright. If you wanna hear those songs in their entirety, we'll
be playing them on Orange Launch Radio at some point,
a little bit of a later date. Alright. Now as you know, on Orange Launch Radio, the
program which we have Sunday night, 6.30 Pacific Standard Time, we have this little
segment we like to do called the FUs of the Week.
Well, what we've decided to do for this portable version is,
You know, Jamie still has a little bit of anger, maybe a little bit, but she's going
to use that anger for the forces of good.
And she's going to have her own, so now she's going to have her advice column.
So Jamie, if you would, please tell us your advice column for this week.
My first piece of advice for this first podcast is if you have to sign a contract, read the
damn thing first don't just sign your name to it and then call customer
service when you don't understand what you've just signed when they bill you
for something and when something goes wrong because you were a big retard and
didn't read it always read before you sign I don't care how many damn pages is
or if it's in Swahili if it's a contract they have to pay for you to read it you
can get a lawyer just read it first understand what you are signing your
name too cuz the contract is binding and legal unless you're under the age of
majority within your state and then that's another story correct me if I'm
wrong though but if everybody actually read their contracts wouldn't customer
service employees be without a job no because people are still fundamentally
retarded okay just checking and really now why would you be signing the
contract in Swahili I mean that's just retarded what if you're from Africa but
it
alright alright
uh... low key tell us what's going on in the sim seen this week for those guys
that like to emulate their favorite music games on the computer or i'm sorry
emilate versus simulate i'll get yelled at by somebody for that
simile
well really the one big thing because a lot of websites are down because of uh...
different reasons that anyways
The big thing that come out this week would be Technofeend 3, which is the brand new StepMania skin, for those who might not know.
It was just released, actually, on Bmifestyle.com. You can find it in their downloadable sim file section.
It should be, uh, just search for Technofeend Volume 3, or 3.0, and you'll find it there.
there they've included this time around a brand new completely reworked
interface it's just so well done it's very professional they even have a note
skin to go with it that's pretty sexy but definitely I highly recommend you
download it you will need however step mania 3.9 release candidate to release
can to a I think it's the one it's on step mania.com you can download it there
just get the new upgrade download that skin and it's heaven right there that's
all you need to know and again since this is the first podcast there might be
people listening to this have no idea what you just said which is possible
again sometimes folks have taken the concept of DDR and built these
simulators around it and Loki he's our man in the scene he knows about what's
going on so he's always going to bring you those kinds of updates again step
Step Mania is the most popular Dance Dance Revolution simulator, it's available over
at www.stepmania.com.
But simulators being built for games other than DDR, right?
There's other types of simulators out there, any popular recommendations?
There's some for Guitar Freaks, that's DTX Mania.
Now remember that Step Mania is trying to be an all-in-one simulator someday.
still working on StepMania 4.0, which is supposed to include game types for BeatMania, BeatMania
2DX, Guitar Freaks, DrumMania, Dance Maniacs, Para Para Para, then even some of the ones
that aren't even in the Bomani series, like, what was it, I can't remember, Techno something
or other it's it's some eight panel nine panel thing that there's like a motion
second emotion there's like what three of those in the entire world or
something I don't know like two of them are in Las Vegas yeah two of them are in
Vegas I mean whatever so there's those they're coming tons of you know games
that no one really plays anymore but you know they're gonna be coming to
simulator stuff right now though if you want to play right now DTX mania which
would be one for drum mania you can find tons of information on all these other
simulator stuff on the Bhumani-style forms. They actually have whole sections dedicated
to these simulators. I don't really play much Guitar Freaks because I don't have any good
controllers for them or anything like that. As far as Beatmania goes, Delight Delight
Reduplication, and there's Bhumani, or Bemania DX is the other good one. So check those out,
or BM98, that's another good one to find out. And that's pretty much all that's simulated
out there. I know there's also Feeling Pomo, which is the popping music one, which is supposed
to be pretty good. But, like I said, StepMania 4.0 is supposed to have them all together
and it would be a lot easier than having six different programs. So, look for that.
Alright, we'll see what happens there. Alright, let's move on to what's going on in the rest
of the gaming world. Now, the gaming world is kind of quiet right now because it's the
holidays. We're just coming, you know, it's the first week of 2005, so we're just coming
off the holidays so there's not a whole lot kind of new going on exciting and
I'm sure we're going to start as the new year comes back we're going to start
hearing a whole lot of stuff right up until e3 because they're going to start
dropping little hints here and there so we'll do our best to keep you guys on
top of that but in the meantime there are sometimes news that you can't
control and that is the news one of the oldest American ways of business the
lawsuit but this was kind of amusing if you think about it you guys remember
Remember this game that came out this year called The Guy Game?
And it was basically Girls Gone Wild in game form.
You must love this concept, Loki.
This has actually been done by Howard Stern and The Man Show.
I know it's been done before.
They basically kind of ripped it off and tried to come up with it.
It's almost like you don't know Jack with naked chicks.
It would be a good idea, but unfortunately there was one little thing these guys forgot
to check, and now what's happened is that Cox News Service last week reported that a
young woman, and they're not giving out her name, they're calling her Jane Doe.
She has filed suit against Take-Two, Sony, and Microsoft, because this game was out on
PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
Take-Two are the folks that made the game there.
have filed suit because it has footage of her topless and this was taken during
the annual spring break on Texas South Padre Island well okay that's where they
get a lot of these girls to show their assets so to speak is that these events
by getting them inebriated but there was one little teeny problem the girl was
only 17 oops dough no Jane Jane Doe oopsie Jamie what he as as a girl a gamer
girl what do you think of this first of all I think that showing your boobs for
anybody is about the most retarded thing you can do well being from the south
from where Mardi Gras originated I think that all those stupid tourists that go
to New Orleans to flash their tits for you know boom pies are retarded and so
are all the ones who do the Girls Gone Wild thing. They're sluts. They're easy. They obviously
have a poor self-image because they feel the need to show their boobies to make themselves
be appreciated.
and we appreciate them now
I know it's great though is I love they have like other lawsuits similar to
this type of thing that's not necessarily video game related but
if like do like I know that they were filming for this video at this party
oh you didn't know by going to the girls gone wild party
that they're gonna be filling for the video
what you think is going on there seriously it's retarded
I mean it was spring break okay so they're flat she's flashing your tits
out there
oh my god guess what they recorded it og
well she must be really concerned about that when she went out in front of like
thousands of people
flasher tits you know what I think your parents should pay for this station
you know maker parents pay for this can think this guess what she was a
I don't know I'm sure there's laws against that though I know there's laws
against that her parents should pay
Goddamnit, ruining our entertainment. Always these stupid little hang-ups.
Jamie, any response to this?
Uh, I actually agree with that. Stupid, she knew where she was going.
She probably did it just to make the lawsuit.
Who knows, but would you ever let a guy that you were dating, what would you think if they were, of course you, you know,
folks that listen to Orange on this Radio know that you've been in a long-term relationship for some time,
time. Would you let the boyfriend play the guy game?
Why not? I think they're fucking hilarious. I told Dan to buy BMX XXX just because I wanted
to see what all the crap was in it. No, I did buy that game and that game is
quite nice. But here's my thing, okay? With everything that has to do with putting people
on film and everything, there's a little thing called a release agreement. Where was that
in this, okay? What, they just filmed it and didn't sign a release? Shame on take two.
I'm sure she signed a release but the problem is you can't if you're under 18
you can't sign the contract so she probably said she was 18
they just didn't check her ID but of course if all you're wearing is panties
and nothing else then you probably don't have your ID on you
there still is a thing even if there was a
contract having taken business law a contract against a minor is not a
binding contract it is avoided contract
and so legally yes she does have the right to sue
But, damn girl, just keep your clothes on.
Don't be a slut, it's that easy.
All I gotta say is, we have the game already and so ha, nothing you can do from me seeing
your boobies.
I will see them!
And I will laugh at my victory.
You're a sick man, Loki.
Honestly though, the interesting news that comes out of this in the end, this is going
to be a collector's game.
This will be that original version of Tetris that was on the Nintendo.
This would be your first release of Custer's Revenge.
This will be Custer's Revenge.
This will be that game.
This would be X-Man.
Yes, you know the game I'm talking about, where it looks like Scissors in a Maze except
one of those is really his cock.
On that note, that's going to do it for this edition, our very first edition of the Orange
Thank you guys for downloading us, and we'll see you next time.
