Tonight, January 6th, 2008, we'll lose the bound of another Xbox 360 model, Rock Band
gets new songs from the magazine and later this month you can call our show from your
PSP.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that program on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura,
Jamie Summers.
Hi.
And how are you Miss Summers?
I'm recovering.
Recovering?
That's right, you've been kind of sick.
I remember last week on our year-end show you were sinacy and sniffly, but you seem
a little better this week.
It took me practically the whole week to get over my sinus infection and drinking to excess
on New Year's Eve did not help, nor did, you know, singing for on Rock Band, nor did that
help.
Yeah, you look like you have about 80% HP this week.
Yeah.
Last week you were in the red, definitely.
Wednesday I got to work and I was just in hell, so I called in on Thursday and Friday
and tried to get to the doctor and apparently all the medical facilities lost power because
of our crazy Alabama-esque storms.
Oh yeah, we'll be talking about that in a moment, our non-gaming bit.
So I ended up having to talk to the advice nurse and sent out the husband to get the
drugs and I'm functional today.
Let me cast cure on you.
I'm on the last day, I'm on the very last of my antibiotics today.
All right, well hopefully that'll work and you'll be backed up to 100% health next week.
Maybe you'll even gain a level.
Hurray!
Joining us as well, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm good.
Yeah?
And how are you?
Are you at 100% HP this week?
I'm reading in gadget right now.
Are you?
Well, I'm just catching up on the Sony thing.
That's right, because as we are taping live, we do subject ourselves to a live taping every
week and right now, this very moment as we were taping on this Sunday night, Consumer
Electronics Show is just starting to get underway.
And it's actually kind of funny because I was considering a last minute getaway because
I'm still on vacation from the day job until Wednesday, so William and I were considering
doing another last minute getaway and we were going to go to Disneyland, but then we're
like, we probably shouldn't do that because the crazy storms are on the way and we actually
thought about going to Vegas.
And so I was looking at hotels in Vegas, I'm like, I cannot, why are all the hotel rooms
doubling as of Monday night?
Like we were looking at rooms like Excalibur and Circus Circus and like some of the not
so high end places, right?
And like these places were shooting up to like, you know, twice as much on Monday night
and I couldn't figure out what it was and it finally dawned on me today.
I was like, oh, we couldn't go because Consumer Electronics Show is starting.
And then I was kind of pissed.
I was like, why the fuck didn't I go to Consumer Electronics Show?
I had this time off of work, I totally could have gone if I had planned better.
They don't announce too much at CES.
It's not a lot of gaming stuff, but you know, I happen to be a little bit of a tech nerd
in addition to a gaming nerd, as I'm sure a lot of our fans are.
There's a little bit of tech nerdiness that goes with the gaming nerdiness, right?
Am I right?
Yeah.
So it would be fun to go.
And even William was like, I want to go to that sometime because you know him.
He likes to look at the big TVs and all that stuff and you know, he's the only PlayStation
3 supporter I know of in the world.
Yeah, I support the PlayStation 3.
You know what, I'll be supporting their online services as soon as they come out with those
prepaid cards for their online content because I don't want to set up account and deduct
money with my credit card.
I'd rather use my hundreds of dollars of GameStop credit to buy cards that can translate
to that.
Well, Sony should seriously consider hiring my boyfriend as their major Nelson or something
like that because he'll seriously tell people, you know, with me sitting right there and
you know, I've been fairly critical of Sony, although I like to think I'm fair, but he'll
sit there and tell me, oh no, you want a PlayStation 3 because it has MotorStorm.
You want to get a PlayStation 3 because it has four chips in it and it's like having
four brains.
I'm like, but when you don't have any games to play on those four brains, what's the point?
And we argue about this all the time.
I don't know.
Anyhow, let's, so we'll be talking about Consumer Electronics Show on throughout the night,
but first let's start off a little bit.
Actually I want to talk about this too.
Those storms have been nuts, have been like absolutely crazy.
Now I guess Loki and I are probably spoiled though because we've lived in California our
entire lives and I'll tell you what, for those of you guys who don't live in California,
we are freaking spoiled here when it comes to storms and things like that.
No shit, Sherlock.
And when this, I mean it was like a freaking hurricane coming in or something.
No it wasn't.
I know, but that's how everybody was calling it, like it was a hurricane, it was horrible.
We just had these storms.
It was more like a tropical storm.
But it damn near had us not do a show tonight because my internet was down for the longest
time and I was afraid that we weren't going to be able to do a show tonight because we
had no internet.
This giant tree fell just up the street and knocked out a bunch of power.
A bunch of homes in the block are still without power.
A bunch of the traffic lights were out.
It's like, I don't see why at least Sacramento isn't better prepared for heavy rain because
every winter is the rainy season and a couple of years ago I remember when it wasn't as
windy but it rained as badly.
This is the first time that I've lived in this state that I can safely say that the
weather has woken me up from a deep sleep and that hasn't happened since I lived in
Alabama and actually that happened during the type 2 hurricane so yeah.
You know I wasn't here the night the big storm hit.
I was at Williams that night and then I came back yesterday and one of our trash cans is
gone missing.
No idea where it is.
Have to call the city.
I don't know if it flew up the street or where the hell it is.
It's completely gone.
It's in Oz.
Apparently.
But it's like...
Linda is using it.
Where the fuck am I going to put my trash?
Call the city.
Thankfully I haven't been here.
My roommate, my poor roommate, they went on vacation in Mendocino, this big family vacation.
They spent the whole time up there without power.
They played Yahtzee by Candlelight.
That's how they spent their time.
I've done that before.
What a vacation though.
Actually I played D&D by Candlelight.
But it's one of those things where once you get the house you can't get your money back.
So they just had to kind of grin and bear it.
Anyway, sorry.
It has nothing to do with games.
Well, except for the fact that when there's an outage, you know, no games for you.
Well, I talked to Extafur.
Huh?
I talked to Extafur for a little bit and he said his power was out but that he had his
iPhone so everything was good.
No.
Well, thank God.
He'd called me earlier this week and said, is your power out?
And I'm sitting there with my laptop in my lap and my PC sitting there like chugging
out power from, you know, the wall.
Just like blasting air as I'm like running stress tests and stuff and I'm like, no, my
power hasn't been out.
Well, our power flickered for a little bit.
And I was like, well, that's okay because I'm freaking sick.
I'll just sleep through it.
That was my whole thing.
But I needed to go to the doctor really badly because I had been coughing rather heavily
and I'm sure that a lot of our long time listeners remember when I had the plague.
Basically I had started off as a sinus infection, went into bronchitis, went into pneumonia.
I was sick for three months.
And so my whole thing is I wanted to make sure that didn't happen again.
And so I needed to go.
But thankfully the advice nurse gave me good advice.
But I was just thinking about how many people at the medical facilities, you know, like
people with injuries and Dan's point was, he's like, well, I'd rather you be sick for
another couple of weeks than be in the hospital.
And I was like, I know how to drive in this weather.
He's like, yeah, you do, but no one else does.
That's true.
When it rains in California, everybody forgets how to drive.
My drive tire is almost bald, so he wouldn't drive me either.
Only when it rains.
All right.
We're turning into the Weather Channel podcast.
Sorry, guys, but it's definitely been a topic on our minds this week.
And you know, it has impacted our gaming weeks, I'm sure.
I know it impacted mine, but I'll let Jamie start off with how was your gaming week as
we always do.
I tried to play my DS and my eyes hurt too badly from my sinus pressure.
So I basically played a lot of Ragnarok.
And I tried to play pinball and got dizzy.
So I didn't play any more pinball.
But we Dan did break out Assassin's Creed on actually on a near morning.
His buddy Eric broke it out.
So I actually got to see quite a bit more of that in person.
And it's pretty, but I heard quite a bit of cursing coming from the other room on Thursday
when Will came over to play.
And of course, there was lots of rock band.
Lots and lots of rock band.
And I got my Ninja Pass.
The Ninja Pass is this lovely device that uses a micro SD card to load Game Boy DS games.
Oh, okay, I've heard of this.
And so, of course, we cannot on the air condone piracy, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but
I have the Lindon too.
And I have the Tingle game.
I haven't loaded them yet, but I have them.
I'm okay with doing that to imports.
I think if ethically I'm okay with pirating the imports, because it's kind of one of those
things where it's like, well, if you're not going to release it here, which I know some
people are going to yell at me going, it's still wrong, fine, that's fine.
But my own philosophy is if you're not going to release it here, then I'm going to get
it one way or another, because I'm not paying those insane markup fees.
I mean, it is insane to import a game.
But games that are released here domestically, I don't really pirate.
I buy most of my games.
Well, there's a few games that I got that looked interesting.
I'll have to put in my jump drive and get the names of them, because a few of them I
don't remember.
But I think it'll be a pretty good investment.
I mean, they were like 40 bucks a piece, and my friend ordered them in bulk.
So both my husband and I have one, and I'm looking forward to using the hell out of it
as soon as I can get the reader to work.
All right, well, have fun with that.
Let us know how it goes.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty good.
Actually, I don't know, you guys always call me the tech master Loki and stuff, but I guess
I kind of earned my title.
I brought my 360 back from death.
So that's right, my three-ring 360 is working again, because I'm super awesome like that.
And it just involved taking the whole thing apart and replacing what they call the X-clamp,
which is something that holds the heat sink in place.
And once I did that, it worked fine, so it's pretty awesome.
So now that makes the console count six.
I now own six 360s, which is ridiculous.
So you brought back the red rings of death from the brink of death completely on your
own, and what technique did you use to do it?
It's basically if you search for X-clamp replacement, it literally takes about $6 in parts to do
it.
It's just some screws and a couple washers, and that's about it.
And what you do is because the way they built the clamp, which was genius to begin with,
is it all focuses, it looks like kind of an X with all the points bent down.
And so the middle is closest to the board, and they have a little plastic spacer on there.
So what happens is all the tension from the heat sink actually pushes up in the middle
of the chip, causing it over the time to basically warp the motherboard and possibly ruin some
of the solder joints.
So what you're basically doing is replacing the clamp with four screws with washer spacers
in there, and that way it kind of equals that tension across the entire board so that it's
not bending.
Plus, there was also a nice little foil piece on there, I guess a protective foil layer
on my heat sink, which probably wasn't too good either.
But once I replaced everything, it works fine now.
Let me read some comments from chat, because this is too good, and I have yet to introduce
the always present fourth guest on our show, the chat room over at chat.orangelaungereer.com,
which is much more full tonight than it was last week.
So welcome back everybody, after the holidays, I was just going to say, somebody who hasn't
learned how to change their nickname yet, but this is great, recruit number 6763 says,
and three rings later, Jesus 360 rose again, in regards to Loki's 360.
Frisbee says, Towley brings Xboxes back to life, referring to the towel trick.
Well, you don't really need to do that, actually.
It's kind of weird, because what you're supposed to do after you do that replacement of the
setup, you're supposed to turn it on without fans, and it's supposed to overheat.
Now I did that, basically turn it on, and wait for the three lights to turn the two
lights, but it did it almost instantly, and then I left it on there for about two minutes.
The thing is, though, is it didn't really heat up at all.
Like I mean, I felt the top, I felt the heat sink, felt the bottom, and I would think,
okay, this thing's going to be on fire, but it didn't even feel that different at all.
And poor Akuta, I'm reading this chat, Akuta in chat says, Ugh, I got the red ring of death
this week, the day I got my 360.
That sucks.
It sucks to be you, my friend, I'm sorry to hear it.
You know, it happened to me three days after I bought mine, so it's not too much different.
And honestly, if I hadn't opened my system, I probably would have just sent it in to get
replaced, but I did open my system.
Sakura Max says, Loki, you should just work at the 360 repair center.
Would you consider repairing somebody else's, like a legit system?
If they've actually, you know, I would say if they can't send it back into Microsoft,
then sure, I would do it, because it only took like six bucks with parts, but you know,
it's not guaranteed to work all the time, but from what I read on there, because they
have a thread with all the success stories, about 90% of them get repaired that way.
Wow.
That's amazing.
You know, I figured for six bucks, and it's broken anyways, I mean the worst that'll happen
is I waste six dollars and the 360's not replaced, but it works, so great.
Anyways, beyond all that, I actually played a few games this week.
I borrowed my wife's copy of Planet Puzzle League, because I bought it for her.
Actually, that game's pretty fun.
It reminds me a lot of Luminous, actually, a little bit, because they've got, you know,
kind of good music, it goes with the whole thing, you know, background's kind of flashing
and stuff, but it's a really fun puzzle game.
Do you ever play Pokemon Puzzle League?
No.
Same game?
Same thing.
Yeah.
Well, whatever, that's all right.
It's still fun.
No, it's still fun.
And then, let's see, what else did I play?
I played Crysis, because I finally finished my computer, and that's fun.
I mean, if you played Far Cry Instincts, it's basically the same damn thing, except now,
you know, instead of being like some vampire, not vampire, like a werewolf type thing, you
have this wonderful suit that can, you know, do amazing stuff, and it's very pretty.
My favorite aspect of the entire game is all the wildlife running around, so like, I'll
be fighting off, you know, some Koreans and stuff in the game, and then all of a sudden
I'll see this like, a flock of birds run by, and immediately I turn fire on them, you know,
or I pick up a chicken and huck it up into the air and then fire it.
Or my other favorite is, there was this turtle that I found, ran the beach when you first
land in the beginning of the game, and I wanted to put it back out into the sea, and fortunately
I switched to strength mode, and I threw the turtle, and the impact of the water killed
it.
I also punched it too, because I was trying to pick it up, and I'm like, I don't know
how to pick stuff up.
This game sounds rad.
It's awesome.
You can like, see seagulls like, flying around, literally just fire them all in the air, that's
the best part of the game, just all the like, crap that you can do that's in it.
I want to point out this other comment in chat that's pretty good, one of your most
vocal critics here in chat, Rasteel UT, who's always condemning you to hell for being such
an advocate of modding and all that stuff, has this funny thing to say, he says, if Loki
would actually apply himself and do repairs on systems, instead of dedicating himself
to game theft, the world would be a better place.
Well, it's better now, because that one system that I repaired was my modded system, so now
he can send those cards and love letters to Loki at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
That system will never see live ever again.
But my other one, that's a different story.
It is interesting though, I mean, for being such a, you know, I get the sense you don't
do this stuff to steal.
You do this because you like the challenge of modding systems and making them look cool.
I mean, that's kind of always why I've kind of turned the eye to it, is that I always
think you were more kind of in it for the challenge.
I mean, you do own six Xbox 360s, that's way more than an average person would own.
Yeah, I don't really want to own that many, but that's alright.
GS68 says, banned until 999 AD.
Ah, whatever.
Oh darn, if one of my 360s gets banned off live, gee, what will I ever do?
Alright.
Anyway.
Anything else for Gaming Weekly?
That's it, but before we move on, I wanted to give you guys your Christmas gifts, since
I didn't have them last week.
Presents!
Yay!
Okay, so, first off...
I don't like it when he sighs before giving his gift.
No, no, no, it's not entirely bad.
I'm sorry, but one of you does get a gag gift.
So for Rob, I have Final Fantasy XII Remnant Wings, because you've actually played through
Final Fantasy XII.
I haven't played through the whole game, but enough of it, I know what's going on.
Sweet.
And Jamie, I apologize ahead of time.
Don't kill me.
No, I'm going to love this.
What did Jamie get?
But you have a copy of Imagine Babies.
That's awesome.
The last one they have there.
Jamie got a copy of Imagine Babies, with a Z.
Take care of up to six babies.
Read the back for us, how did they advertise this game?
Buy the babies good food, furniture, cute baby outfits, and toys.
Customize your house through mini-games.
I'm sorry, I couldn't resist.
It's like, I think everybody in iPod listening land, or however you're listening to this
on PSP, whatever, is hearing the dot, dot, dot through their speakers right now.
No, that's too good.
It actually looks kind of cute.
She's coming around.
No, as long as they're virtual babies, I don't mind.
There you go.
You should raise some babies, and then tell the hubby, here's your baby.
That would be great.
See, there you go.
Practical use for it.
Yay.
I think there's a part in the game where you can shake the baby, so I know.
All right.
They're actually kind of cute, though.
The chat room is irritated, there's no operator 11 tonight, because they wanted to see Jamie's
reaction.
Sorry guys, operator 11 is screwy.
I was staring at it blankly.
You could hear the dot, dot, dot through the microphone.
You could.
Thank you for the thoughtful gift.
I was hoping, well, I was kind of trying to get some stuff to play this week, like, was
it that, I don't even remember how it's, like, Pot to Pawn or something like that, that one
weird one that looks like Loco Roco.
And then I was hopefully going to have a copy of Nights to play for a special after show,
but seeing as operator 11 is down, that doesn't work.
Dope.
Mac Man says, hey honey, I'm pregnant with digital babies.
That's okay.
All right.
I could go into detail about, you know, the physical problems that come with being knocked
up.
Let's not.
But I'm not going to.
Considering the majority of listeners of our program are young men, I don't know if they
want to hear it.
Although maybe they should, I don't know.
Those that are involved should think twice before asking their significant other to carry
a 32 pound, 32 pounds of extra weight plus the hormone influx and having your stomach
shoved up behind your lungs.
You make it sound so sexy.
Does someone have a chainsaw outside?
That's the best thing ever.
Yeah, I know you guys can't hear this over the thing, but somebody is out there with
a.
Someone's out there with a chainsaw.
Either a chainsaw or like a weed whacker or something, probably trying to clean up debris
from the storm.
I think it's a chainsaw.
Like, you know, those yard work at night is maybe there were repair crews over on the
crossroad.
Oh, my gosh.
It's crazy around here.
All right.
My gaming week.
We're never going to get to the gaming news.
You know, what's funny is that a lot of people say I play too much.
Wow.
Well, guess what?
My Internet was down for 24 hours thanks to the storm.
So no.
Wow.
For me, QQ.
I was so sad.
So I did have to play other games and I spent some time playing Mario Galaxy, which I love
more and more every time I play it.
It's just amazing.
And I love its little bits of retro-ness they have in it in regards to some of the music
and things.
And I raved about it last week.
I don't need to say much more.
But I do love me some Mario Galaxy.
I also played some more of Rock Band.
I played till my arm literally hurt and felt like it was going to fall off.
So that was a lot of fun.
And then just played through a variety of various Xbox Live arcade games I needed to
catch up on.
And I made use of my HD DVD player this week because I bought Stardust on HD DVD a couple
weeks ago and I never got around to watching it.
So I put it in the HD player and was watching that.
And that's pretty much how I spent my time with the outage.
So there it was.
And GS68 says, thank you storms for keeping sky off the warcrack.
Frisbee says chainsaw guy from Resident Evil 4 is outside and is coming to get us.
I hope not.
That would suck.
That's a really gruesome ending.
I don't know if you've ever had your head chopped off by a chainsaw guy.
That sucks.
It totally sucks.
You know it happens to me all the time.
And RusteelUT, who just seems to be a critic in general, he's critical of Loki's stance
on things, he's critical of my WoW playing, he says, oh god, no WoW for one whole day.
How could sky exist without his second job?
But I can do no wrong.
Actually you ass.
Wow.
I love taunting the listeners.
No, I respect the opinion.
But WoW is my third job.
OLR is my second job.
And then my day job is my first job.
So WoW is my third job.
So if you're going to taunt me, get it right.
Jamie's chowing down on the whole wheat cookies William made for the New Year's party.
They're humpy.
They're good.
They're really good.
They help, they restore 10 HP when you eat them too.
So eat a lot.
They're also full of fiber.
Our work's trying to get a dev kit for 360.
What for?
I don't know.
Just to have?
X to go.
I hope.
Dev kit.
Also, I want to point out, I know OP11's down tonight, but we have some new decorations
in the studio I guess you'll see next week.
I was in this strip mall that had a lot of little stores in it that had imported things.
I got a big Kingdom Hearts wall scroll that's now up on the wall that's pretty awesome.
I got to say, that's a really great artwork.
I don't know where that artwork comes from, but it's great.
And a Final Fantasy XIII poster, if you can believe it, which is totally a bootleg I think.
I think somebody just took Sony's official release picture and made a poster out of it,
but it looks great nonetheless.
So some new decorations to look forward to when the cam comes back.
Meanwhile, we'll get into some housekeeping tonight.
Just some things I wanted to say really quickly.
Orange Launch Radio's rotation of music is going to be changing this week, which is going
to cause some downtime either Monday or Tuesday during the day, but not a lot of people are
listening during the day anyway, so I imagine people probably aren't even going to notice,
but I just wanted to get that out there, that the station will be down for a little bit
on Monday or Tuesday while the new songs go into rotation.
And that's really it.
Otherwise, welcome to our first show of 2008.
Hurray.
And you hate to interrupt, but literally right now Bill Gates is doing his CES keynote, so...
Well, let's get into some news.
Has he revealed anything yet, or...?
No, it says, okay ladies and gentlemen, the keynote will begin in five minutes.
Please take your seats.
So we'll take a peek during the break and see if there's anything to report on in part
B. But meanwhile, I believe there's some rumors about what might be being talked about tonight,
yes?
Yes.
One of the rumors is that there's going to be yet another Xbox 360 SKU coming out.
However, from what I remember, the SKU is actually supposed to be from another company,
like Toshiba or something like that.
But anyways, it's being dubbed the Xbox 360 Ultimate, and it's actually funny because
this was reported in Stuff Magazine, because they're known for tech news, I guess.
It'll be hitting stores, apparently, by this autumn, and will feature, of course, 1080p
HDMI output, built-in Wi-Fi, high-def audio output, cooler 65nm hardware architecture,
and a near-silent fan.
On top of that, it's going to have an IPTV service, and a 320GB hard drive, and a built-in
HD DVD drive.
And it's all bullshit.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Part of me sounds like it's a bit much, I think.
The system would be too expensive.
But, at the same time, why would Stuff Magazine run something like that, then, if they didn't
know that it was coming out?
I don't know, it sounds stupid to me, but if it's not being dubbed the Xbox something
or other, if it's just, you know, Toshiba's HD DVD player that also plays Xbox 360 games,
that kind of thing.
Oddly enough, that makes a little more sense to me.
And I always thought devices like the Panasonic Q were pretty awesome, and I never understood
why they didn't come out here.
Like, remember the Panasonic Q?
There was a DVD player that came out in Japan that played GameCube games, as well.
Well, there was a time, I don't know if they ever came out with them, but they were talking
about TVs that were integrated with the original Xbox hardware, so that they could actually,
you know, it would be like a built-in DVD player into your TV, but it also plays Xbox,
you know, Xbox games.
Well, I mean, if you think about it, there's a lot of TVs that have DVD technology built
into them.
Exactly, something like that.
You just put the DVD right in the TV and it plays.
Why not?
That seems like a logical next step.
I'm kind of surprised no gaming company has really done that.
I mean, it would seem logical to me.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, we'll see.
Perhaps that could be something that is revealed tonight during Bill Gates' last CES speech,
if I'm not mistaken, right, because he's stepping down or whatever.
I shouldn't say stepping down, but stepping aside for a little while, so he won't be doing
the keynotes anymore.
It's like, yes, I'm too rich to be doing this shit.
Well, anyhow, Sony has revealed some of their plans, and one of the big announcements that's
going to impact gamers is in regards to the slim PSP.
We're going to be getting Skype in late January.
Of course, Skype is a program that listeners of our show, I hope, would know very well.
After all, we were one of the first Internet programs anywhere years ago to actually have
a Skype line, and users have been calling us since like 2003 or 2004 on our Skype line.
At Orange Lounge Radio is our user name on Skype, and now folks are going to be able
to call from their PSP when this new firmware is released at the end of January, but the
only catch is it's only available on the PSP Slims so far.
But now, Loki, you say that through your controversial hack-and-crack method, you think that this
could work on the PSP fatties.
I think so.
Right now, they have a lot of the firmware stuff that's locked in for the slim PSP, but
some of the custom firmwares have enabled you to do other things, obviously, that might
be locked out, except for, of course, video out, obviously, you can't do that on a normal
PSP, but I wouldn't be surprised if you see something that will allow this to happen.
I can't install this anyways on mine until custom one comes out anyways.
That's pretty cool, and I've got to say Skype out and Skype in will be a part of this as
well, and of course Skype out and Skype in are the things that let you use Skype as a
normal telephone.
We use Skype in here on the show.
That's how you can call 1-888 at your game OLR, and we use an 800 number forwarder that
forwards to our Skype line.
Very technical, but it works.
It does cost extra, though.
Yes, it does.
That's not something that's free, but I know somebody that uses Skype as their home phone
and they love it.
This is just another kind of cool thing for the PSP that's kind of breathing more life
into it.
I think a lot of people kind of wrote off the PSP when the games weren't so strong,
but I think this kind of cements PSP as the handheld device.
Notice how I don't call it a handheld gaming system.
The DS is supreme, I think, in that category, but the PSP is one hell of a portable device.
Now that it does pictures, movies, internet radio, now it does Skype, web surfing.
This is like a computer in your pocket now.
That's pretty awesome, the PSP that it's turning into.
And it has Castlevania, which is odd, but does your iPhone have Castlevania?
No, but my DS does.
Oh, snap.
All right, well that's all I have to say.
I'd still prefer that if it was going to be initially a handheld gaming system, it remain
a gaming system.
They don't need all that extra crap.
But I will say this.
I mean, I think to some extent, I think that's what the N-Gage was trying to do, too, and
remember how much shit the N-Gage got?
Because I think at least PSP is still kind of like, I don't know.
The way the PSP has done it, they still have kind of focused on games first and everything
else is secondary.
But I don't know.
They've just done it so much better than Nokia did.
The N-Gage was a piece of shit.
It really was.
I don't know.
I can't explain that one.
I think that the N-Gage could have been better had they gone for, first of all, cartridge
bases of those stupid little chip things, something that could actually store enough
media to make it look worth playing because I tried playing stuff on that and it was just
awful.
You know, at least the PSP doesn't, you know, it put a lot of focus into the gaming aspect.
It was initially meant to be a gaming system and it has the right kind of media to support
the types of games they want to do.
Basically it's like this.
When I played Castlevania on the PSP, you know, Rondo of Blood, I went, cool!
This is cool!
When I played Civilization on the N-Gage, a part of me died inside.
It was that bad.
I mean, it was like one of my favorite games of all time has been raped by a taco.
I mean, literally.
How about something better?
Let me say one thing real quick before we get back into the news because Tiger Claw
is mentioning something.
I just realized, OLR is competing against American Gladiators tonight because tonight
is the return of American Gladiators on NBC.
This is all I have to say, TiVo, VCR, DVR, whatever, that's why you got it.
Does anyone actually remember the old American Gladiators?
Fuck yeah, I do.
If you remember that, you remember how often they replayed that show.
So that shit was replayed more than Cops, okay, and you know how much Cops is on TV.
So just fucking wait, it'll rerun that shit to death.
Exactly.
Or if you're going to run away and go watch American Gladiators, at least download our
podcast and listen to it later, I guess.
I guess we can let that slide by.
All right, sorry, back to the news.
Can I talk?
You may.
Thank you, sir.
For anyone who remembers Target Terror, it's coming out on the Wii as a Zapper game, and
it looks awful, but it looks great at the same time, because it was one of those full
motion capture type of games.
I love Revolution X, so I'm actually sort of thinking about getting this just for the
cheese ball factor.
I love cheese ball games, so I think that's going to be kind of fun, but you have machine
guns and grenade launchers and orbital space lasers and minigames and all kinds of fun
stuff.
Looks like fun.
Yeah.
Is it true...
Loki, weren't you saying something before the show, though, that they're going to charge
like the full retail price for this, 40 bucks or something?
Yeah, it's 40 bucks.
That's crap tacky.
I don't know about that.
It's not worth 40 bucks.
I'm sure it'll be in the bargain bin before too long.
Just give it time, man.
If it sucks, they'll drop the price quick.
We shall see.
Another fun news, if you happen to subscribe to the official Xbox magazine, or even if
you don't, next month, the February issue, we'll have three exclusive rock band songs
for download.
Another thing that you should know about the official Xbox magazine discs, say for example
you download that content on one friend's account, you can also take it to your friend
and your other friend and so on and so forth.
Since there's no real way to lock a DVD to a certain 360.
So just share.
Anyways, three songs are going to be with that.
One of which is from Freezeprop.
That would be Sprode.
Not Super Sprode, but Sprode.
Bang Camaro's Rock Rebellion and Count Zero's Shake.
Wait, so we don't think the Sprode thing is a typo?
Because they don't have a song called just Sprode unless it's something new.
It might be something new or maybe a rock version of Super Sprode.
Oh, that would make sense.
Maybe like a cover of their own song or something.
If I remember, Super Sprode wasn't too rocky.
Well Super Sprode is fucking rad so I hope it is that song in some type of reincarnation
because I love that song.
That was a great song in amplitude.
But yeah, definitely check it out.
I stopped subscribing to this magazine, but I'll have to pick one up.
So you're going to buy one so I don't have to?
Yeah.
Sweet!
So this is that whole DVD sharing thing he just said and I was just making sure about
that.
Alright, well speaking of Rock Band, EA has not ruled out that Rock Band will be coming
out on the Wii.
You might notice that the Wii is that one system that's sorely missing Rock Band right
now.
It does have Guitar Hero 3, but no Rock Band.
Harmonix themselves has said that the Wii has, quote, an enormous potential for music
games.
GamePro actually went out and got a quote from EA talking about that there's going to
be Rock Band on the Wii eventually.
I'm sorry, scratch that.
They did not make an official comment on Rock Band on the Wii, but most of us can kind of
figure it's got to be coming eventually, especially when you consider the fact that EA likes to
port things to all hell.
Really?
Yeah.
You got the truth.
I think their only limitation right now is just putting the instruments on the Wii and
figuring out something maybe fun to do with them, although I think they're just going
to do what they did with like, or not them in particular, but Activision did with Guitar
Hero 3 and just, you know, have it hijack the Wi-Fi from, you know, the remote, but
I don't know.
That's not a bad idea.
So in other words, they're not saying no, they're just saying not now.
Although they can also do all wired controllers because they have USB ports on there.
No, why not?
I don't know.
Well, we'll see what happens, but in the meantime, the Wii fans are Rock Band-less.
Sorry.
Well, a Guitar Hero fan, though, actually put together a Kill Bill guitar, I think it's
pretty cool.
I'll put a link to the picture up in the chat room.
But it was basically inspired by, I guess, the, an Evil Dead guitar that someone did
too.
So that's pretty cool.
And it's really not all that hard because all you need to, like for example, a dance
friend, Will, got a Sex Pistols one for a penny, so you can find the faceplates or you
can make them yourself because they're not that, you know, difficult and just if you've
got any artistic ability, customize it yourself.
But I'll put a picture of the image in the chat, of the link in chat.
That does seem pretty cool, that little Kill Bill guitar.
I don't know, I kind of want one of those.
I do want to back up for just a minute because there's some comments in our chat room at
chat.orangelandrater.com in regards to the Rock Band on the Wii.
And I think RawsteelUT stops being critical for a moment to bring up a good point.
There's the fact that the Rock Band download content is impossible on the Wii.
And that's one of the biggest money makers for Rock Band.
So far, yeah.
Yeah, so that is a good point, is that the Wii doesn't really support anything like
that so far.
Although, aren't they supposed to be getting Guitar Hero 3 content next year?
Yeah, once, whenever they figure out, you know, how to actually do it.
Well, now's the time to figure that out.
That's big money they're missing out on right there.
Yeah, I'll say.
Anyways, some other stuff you can look forward to at least this week, coming out in the United
States.
A few releases, actually there's some decent stuff coming out, including, let's see, starting
things off, Kingdom Under Fire Circle of Doom, that'll be coming out in the 360.
Although it looks like this time they kind of went more of the Dynasty Warriors route.
Sonic Riders Zero Gravity is coming to the Wii and Playstation 2.
So if you're into that hoverboard racing stuff, you can play that.
NFL Tour on the Playstation 3 and 360, a good $40 football game, kind of arcade style.
Harvey Birdman Attorney at Law on Playstation 2 Wii and the PSP, if you happen to be a fan
of the show and like the Phoenix Wright games, you'll definitely like that one.
Jackass the Game on DS, if it's anything like the PSP version, you'll definitely like that
one.
World Championship Paintball for Playstation 2, that is crap.
Sea Monster is a prehistoric adventure on the DS, also crap.
And then one of the weirdest things to come out in a while, and doesn't look very good
either, Dance Dance Revolution, Disney Channel Edition on Playstation 2, oh god.
And I believe that's it for this week.
You know you want to dance to high school musical songs, Loki.
Well coming out over in Japan, finally taking a break from not having any games come out
because of the holidays, to getting some stuff come out, or I should say if you're an Xbox
360 fan, price reductions.
But that's never a bad thing, some price reductions for Armored Core 4 and Table Tennis take place
this week, as well as the release of the Xbox 360 Messenger kit.
We got that here a little while ago with the integrated MSM Messenger.
Not that it's been doing folks a lot of good this week with Xbox Live going up and down,
however assuming that those problems are being fixed very soon, the Messenger kit will be
doing Japanese MSM fans a lot of good.
Also getting a price reduction on the Playstation 3, Armored Core 4's port on Playstation 3.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, a new game from Marvelous Entertainment called Kaitikyoshi
Hitman Reborn Dream Hyper Battle Wii, which looks to be some type of anime based game
that I think is some type of fighter, it looks kind of like a 3D fighter, I'm sure it's based
on, is there an anime called Hitman, that's probably what it is, I'm not sure, whatever
it is, there you have it.
Also coming out on some other systems, the Nintendo DS is getting a game called Chishiki-O
Series Train Master, which is another train sim game, apparently those train sim games
are very popular overseas, I haven't seen a train sim game very popular over here since
Railroad Tycoon or A-Train, but I guess they're still popular over there.
Well there was the big Densha de Go!
series that was out for a long time too.
I wonder why they're not as popular here.
There's a train simulator that even had a big controller for it too.
My dad used to buy those games all the time back when we had a Commodore 64, he bought
like every train, because he was a conductor before he retired, that's what he did, so
he loved that stuff.
I just thought it was interesting.
Anyhow, that's really it for Japanese releases this week.
Alright, what about UK releases?
Well, Loki, wait your turn.
There's really not a whole lot to talk about.
The ninth has Omega 5 on Xbox Live Arcade, Sam & Max 202, Moai Better Blues, that's a
cool name, and then that's coming out on the tenth, and the eleventh is PDC World Darts
Championship 2008, exciting, but not really.
Now you can go.
Sam & Max is going to be awesome in Season 2.
Anyways, as you mentioned, Omega 5 is coming to Xbox Live Arcade this week, Hudson's kind
of side-scroller shooter game, looks a little bit like R-Type or something like that.
Definitely going to be awesome, that's only going to cost you 800 Microsoft points, and
no word if there's going to be anything else coming out this week as well, I know last
week there was only one item, just Metal Gear, or Metal Slug 3, so I guess maybe this is
the only release this week as well.
Microsoft, I want rez, really badly, I want rez, rez, I want rez, no rez for you, now
!!
Alright, so maybe I won't get rez, but there will be some other games on the Virtual Console
in the United States of America, Monday's games have been leaked, it appears, the day
before, and a real good one coming for the Nintendo this week, Star Tropics is coming
to Virtual Console, that was a pretty rad game, that was one of the last really big
RPGs, no word yet though if buying it on the Virtual Console will give you that letter
that you have to dip in the water in order to get the secret code, otherwise the thought
just occurred to me, a lot of people are going to be screwed when they try to play that game
on Virtual Console.
I think that there will be some sort of compensation made for it, like maybe they'll have to go
on Nintendo's site and do some sort of bizarro thing.
Or it will be in the digital manual that comes with the game.
Oh, there you go, maybe the digital manual in the game will have it.
No, there is a scene in this game where you'll need this code, but there's going to be tons
of people that don't even think to look there, I bet.
I know.
That's going to be interesting.
I didn't figure it out.
They're going to be on Game Facts.
I bought the game used and I was like, I don't know what the fucking code is, I don't have
the, we have to dip the manual in the water to reveal the code, I'm like, I don't have
the manual.
Isn't the code 747 and why do I remember that?
It's 747, because I remember it because it was like a plane, yeah.
Oh my god, you know you've played too many games when?
No.
I don't need no stinkin' letter.
There's a ton of games though that have those little weird quirks built in, like the, what
was it, the X-Men game where you had to press reset to reset the machine or something?
That's right.
On Genesis.
So weird.
I know.
Nothing will ever be as cool though as in regards to like quirky fucking things in games
as Metal Gear Solid was a psycho mantis who read your memory card and would go, oh I see
you're a Castlevania fan.
And it had, it had Xenogears on there, which hadn't, which wasn't released at the time.
Creepy creepy.
And then, it also, though in Final Fantasy VII, had a reference to Xenogears on it too.
Well, also coming out on the Virtual Console this week for the Neo Geo, King of Fighters
94.
Now, I don't follow the King of Fighters, they're all the same to me, it's one big giant
fucking blur.
King of Fighters 94.
Is 94 a good one?
I have that on the Neo Geo CD.
It's a good one.
KOF 94 was, if I do remember, the first one that was out in the series.
And I played tons and tons and tons of that game because they had it at the arcade at
my college where I learned the joy of playing with Yuri's butt attack.
Interesting.
I might have to check it out.
You know, I have no Neo Geo games on Virtual Console yet.
Do you?
Oh, that's sad.
My thing is almost filled up.
That's the sad part.
My screen is almost, like, you know how you can only go to, like, four screens on the
Wii?
I seriously only have room for a handful of games left because I have so many of those
stupid Virtual Console games I keep paying money for.
You know what, Rob?
Oh, that was another thing, but I'll bring the game up later because it's related to
another part of the show, but we broke out Virtual Console stuff at my house too.
Oh, nice.
But I was going to tell you, one of these days, though, that I can, when we start doing
the whatever video cast again, I'll try to bring one of my old systems up for something
classic, if you want, and I'll bring the Neo Geo CD.
Well, I'll tell you what we're thinking.
I'll think aloud here because Operator 11, unfortunately, it seems like it's running
on autopilot right now.
I don't know what the heck's going on with them, but none of the shows are saving or
whatever, which is part of the reason we're not using them.
So we're thinking about defecting to another service called Ustream TV, which has no limits
on their shows.
I just have to make sure it's kosher for us to broadcast video game images, but I don't
know why it wouldn't be.
But sometimes there's copyright issues that come into play with that, but usually as long
as we're, if we're doing any type of commentary with it or whatever, you know, it's fair use,
but I don't know, we'll see.
Anyhow, back to the Virtual Console story, Star Tropics King Fighters 94, no third game
mentioned yet, I guess we'll find out tomorrow, but remember, not every week have they always
done three games, so it is possible, it's just a two game week.
So we shall see.
Well, it looks like they're having something similar to that in the UK.
The big release right now is Harvest Moon, coming out on Virtual Console, and I do recall
seeing, although I can't find the link on here now, but I did also recall seeing Donkey
Kong Country 3.
But apparently the link to it is gone from where I read it.
Might have been two different weeks or something.
Possibly, but Harvest Moon's been the big thing, so you can play that over in the UK.
Milk all the cows you want.
Yep, carry some chickens and make, you know, friends with your neighbors.
There you have it.
Speaking of milking things, you know what's kind of crazy?
I saw that they're doing a third Lost in Blue game.
When did the second one ever come out?
Like, I remember they were making one.
I think I actually played it for a few seconds at the show.
Oh, shit, I don't remember when it came out, I think it was like October-ish.
Is that game like really a cult hit or something?
I guess, I don't know, I thought the first one sucked.
I did not like the first game either.
I don't know.
Strange.
Whatever.
Anyways, so apparently Microsoft is a little bit sorry for the fact that Xbox Live has
been having issues this last few weeks here, and to apologize for that, they're going
to be offering all Xbox Live members around the world one free Xbox Live arcade game.
No word on which game it is, or if we're going to get a choice or what.
Hopefully it's not something I already own.
I've heard rumblings, and you can take this as like a friend of a friend thing, which
holds little to no weight, but from what I hear, it's a game that nobody has yet.
One of the future releases is going to be free in light of this, and it's not something
like Yaris.
My mind instantly went to, great, we're going to get the Doritos game for free.
No, it's something people actually want, apparently.
Yeah, because I'd be sad when Carcassonne was free for everybody, most people were happy
about that because hardly anyone bought it.
I bought it previously, so I didn't get anything out of that deal, so I hope it's something
new like, you know, Rez, coming out next week, for free, would be nice, would be very nice.
I don't think anybody would complain if Rez was the game.
But yeah, if it's going to be like, like Ross Deal says, it's probably going to be Robotron,
or Frogger or something, I think everybody will just be like, wah, and then of course,
half the chat room is going, Yaris 2, Yaris 2, anyhow, I really don't know, but I do want
to say this, I want to take the opportunity to say this, I don't know if you saw it on
our forums, but somebody actually made a YouTube of Yaris set to the music of Dragon Force,
as inspired by our show, so I think that might come up in the mailbag later, so I won't blow
all the details on that just yet, on how you can access that, but I saw that on our forums,
it was kind of cool.
Meanwhile, I will mention this about the Xbox Live outages, some people are pissed about
this, they're so pissed, they're filing a lawsuit, that's right, when there's a problem
that a major company is having, leave it to the parasites to jump on and file a class
action lawsuit, three folks out of Texas have filed a class action lawsuit against the company,
what they call breach of contract, the lawsuit goes on to whine about, quote, many plaintiffs
being kicked offline, blah, blah, blah, and to some extent, I understand these guys where
they're pissed off, because Xbox costs $50 a year, so when you're paying for it, especially
during the time of year when most people are going to use it, it ought to be working.
However, Microsoft, to give them credit, I think has always been a company very good
about apologizing when they fuck up, you know what I mean, hence they're going to give out
the free game, they've been very forthright in saying, we made a mistake, we're not happy
about it, you can tell if you read Major Nelson's blog or his Twitter, he is livid about what's
going on, and he's working overtime to try and fix it, it's not like they're sitting
on their big duff, not trying to do anything about it, so I kind of give them a little
bit of credit, and I forgive them.
They don't guarantee that they're always going to be up either.
Exactly.
Should I sue them because they run maintenance on their server sometimes, and it's not, you
know, during a time I want to play, I mean it's not really fair, it's just these drunken
people are just trying to get money from whatever, they're all Microsoft, they've got money to
spend, let's see if we can get some of it.
Well, you know the thing about a class action lawsuit is that it's supposed to represent
all users, right?
So allow me to say, you do not represent me, I do not wish to participate in this lawsuit.
I don't give a shit if they didn't give me anything to compensate me for their live service
being down, big deal, it's down for a couple of weeks.
You know what, if they really wanted to, they can give me like two weeks free or something
like that, it's a big deal.
I'd have been fine with that.
Just defer, you know, that's...
That's what the cable company does when your service is out, you call, complain, they give
you a credit for the time your service was out.
And a lot of things do that.
I'm trying to think of what else, there's something that very commonly gives like the
free...
I think Warcraft's done that before, they give free days or free week if something goes
on.
I know other games have done this too.
I'm sure Xbox Live would not be opposed to doing something like that.
I mean, seriously, are they actually going to try to sue them for what?
Like let's just say if they cut out a whole month, that's like $5.
Oh my God, you're out $5, poor baby.
I'm sure in that user license agreement thingy that you have to...
You know how like every time you sign up for something, you have to read the user license
agreement and most people just click okay.
I could not believe that somewhere in there is not some type of clause that says, we do
not guarantee it's going to be up 100% of the time, the service may be down intermittently,
you can't hold us...
You know, there's got to...
The lawyers had to have thought something like this might happen, you know, and put
that in there in advance.
It's stupid.
It's $5.
It's not like you're paying, you know, $50 a month or something like that.
It's $5, seriously.
It's going to cost more in like lawyer fees than you would be getting from, you know,
this $5.
Frisbee says in chat, terms of service covers it all.
There it is.
So yeah, so we'll see what happens with this class action lawsuit.
We'll keep you guys posted, that is, if anything actually comes of this, but we shall see.
So...
Well, for anyone who remembers the Tickle Me Elmo craze or how Beanie Babies went, we
are having a repeat with a plushie weighted companion cube.
This makes me laugh, especially since they've said on Valve's site that they were going
to be making more of them.
So stupid.
Someone paid $365 for a plushie weighted companion cube and opened on eBay.
And to that I say, fucking stupid!
You want to hear something fucking stupid?
What about that retard that paid $9,000 for that Xbox 360 that, or not Xbox 360, Guitar
Hero 3 that some father was giving away because his son smoked pot.
You're an idiot if you buy Guitar Hero for $9,000.
You know how much weed that whole family is going to be able to buy for $9,000, sucka?
Do you really, I mean, you do realize that the guy could have been making it all up,
and do you realize you paid $9,000 for something that's really easy to find?
You idiot!
I have a $5 bill, guess what, I took it away from my unborn son because he smoked pot in
the future.
I want $9,000.
And on top of that...
You know what's sad?
If we signed some piece of OLR memorabilia, like if we took a ferret and signed it or
something and tried to put it on eBay, we'd be lucky to get $1.99 for it.
I think that we should do something gimmicky like that.
You want to do something gimmicky?
Let's do something gimmicky.
I'll tell you what, I'm going to sign my weighted companion cube and we'll put that up on eBay.
A paper one.
Yes, we'll make a weighted...
There's a paper weighted companion cube online.
Fair enough.
We will make a weighted companion cube out of paper and sign it and make up some story
about how we stole it from a baby in the crib or something and see how much money we get
it from it.
Okay.
We traded a dingo, a baby, for the weighted companion cube.
The dingo ate my companion cube!
That'd be a hungry dingo.
You bastard.
Portal 2.
The dingo ate my companion cube.
That's so stupid, though.
Oh my god.
I see...
Now, I wanted one fairly bad and Dan was actually going to get me one for Christmas, but you
know, how long did it take them to sell out?
Four hours?
Drunami brings up an excellent point.
Don't we have an orange bat somewhere still from back in the day?
It's in the vault.
We might have to get that.
We might have to pull that out of the vault because we have a blank one, don't we?
No.
I thought we did.
We could do a new one.
We need to get a black...
I had to save the original orange bat, though, because it was the one that was signed at...
What tournament was that?
Now, here's what we're going to do.
March Madness.
Fine, we'll get a new one.
We're going to get an orange bat, sign it, beat something with it, and that'll be our
story and then we'll sell it.
And then if we put Portal in the search details on eBay, it'll sell.
Exactly.
We'll say we wrote...
We'll just write Portal on the bat.
And if it makes enough money, then we'll come visit you.
If it makes enough money.
We should have one with a reserve up there that's like, um, buy an Orange Lounge Radio
visit.
Where you have to pay for us to come out and feed us.
I don't know about that.
Again, we'd be lucky to get $1.99.
Anyway, let's move on.
Anyways, so Ubisoft has announced Far Cry 2 for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Of course, the new Far Cry game not being in the tropics, it's actually going to be
in the African Savannah, Africa!
And you will be able to, you know, destroy stuff and it'll be awesome.
But um, I don't know.
I can't wait to play it.
So um, hopefully it'll come out around the same time as the PC version, which is due
out this spring.
But um, no word though if that's actually going to happen yet.
They just said it's going to ship sometime in Ubisoft's 08-09 fiscal year.
So that could be anytime between now and forever.
Our chat room, seriously, sorry, not to discount your story, but our chat room, fucking geniuses.
They're brilliant.
Okay, here it is.
They say we're going to sell this as the Orange Companion Bat, and we're going to beat Jamie's
copy of Imagine Babies with it, and now it's the beaten companion bat.
That's great.
Chat room winner.
It'll happen.
It'll happen.
Watch.
So, man, I love our chat room.
Well, speaking of people who are infinitely awesome, that would be Hideo Kojima.
Aha, how's that?
Nice transition.
I know, I'm awesome tonight.
Somebody I would let beat me with an orange bat.
I wouldn't let him beat me with an orange bat.
But he was basically quoted saying that he thinks that there should be more realistic
violence in a game so that you can see the consequences of your actions.
He's quoted saying, I don't think there are many games that tackle violence head on.
When you hit someone or inflict pain, faces get disfigured, for example, and I want to
make games that show that sort of thing.
If you don't see the pain, you can't understand what you've done, and you'll pass through
battles without taking responsibility for your actions.
I don't want to ignore that.
I want players to think, even if it's just a little, about what violence and war are.
No pain, no game.
There you go.
But I actually do think that that's a, you know, if they can do it in a freaking racing
game, why can't they do it in, you know, Metal Gear or anything like that?
I think that that's actually pretty smart, you know, because, you know, especially I
was noticing, you know, with the, I guess, parents and people who are saying, oh, violent
video games, blah, blah, blah, you know, desensitizing the violence and everything.
Well, if they're so desensitizing, then why not put that sort of consequence in a game,
you know, see how it, what happens.
I think that's actually pretty smart.
In Soviet Russia, games shoot you.
I think that is a very good idea.
That's so, so dumb.
I know, it's horrible.
Look, the show's free, folks, you know.
Can you believe the Writers Guild's on strike right now?
Rob's on the cutting edge of comedy right now.
Shut up and read the next story.
Well, perhaps Yakko Smirnoff is not really the, anyways, that may not be your kind of
thing, but hopefully this is, and I hope to God that they don't fuck this up, because
they could easily fuck this up.
Apparently, though, there is a placeholder for Iron Chef on the Wii, according to GameStop,
and it's supposedly coming out in June sometime.
I just hope it's not Iron Chef America, because that show fucking sucks.
Oh, hell no, it has to be Cheeseball, original Iron Chef.
Then that would be awesome.
And it needs to have Chairman Kaga.
No, this game needs to have us one of the Iron Chefs, Cooking Mama.
That would be winnin' awesome.
That would be.
Mama will have to fix your pathetic performance.
It would be great.
Come on, Iron Chef meets Cooking Mama.
It's destined to happen.
Anyhow, I guess this was destined to happen at some point, too.
I'm just surprised it took so long for some website to run a story with the headline,
Kid Wees on a Wii.
You, sir, are on the cutting edge of comedy.
That's right, speaking of being on the cutting edge of comedy, this little four-year-old
named Ellis Ensley in Fleetwood in the UK, him and his six-year-old brother were fighting
over their brand new Nintendo Wii.
And by the way, the dad had spent forever trying to get the Nintendo Wii, you know,
camping outside and all that.
Well, I don't know if he camped outside, but he was, you know, one of those parents.
He worked three jobs.
He sold his wife to slavery.
He had to walk through glass and two miles in the snow and the river just to get to school
and buy this Wii.
And molten hot lava.
That's right.
And they got this Wii, and when the four-year-old and the six-year-old started fighting over
it, did the kid cry?
No.
Did he go to his room and pout?
No.
What did he do?
He peed on it.
He broke out his Wii and weed on the Wii.
That's right, he weed on the Wii and reporters everywhere rejoice that they can finally use
that in a headline.
I'm just surprised it took so damn long, honestly.
Well, his kids are fucking misbehaved anyways if they're pissing on stuff in their house.
And let alone the geniuses that are pissing on stuff that's connected to the wall with
electricity running through it.
I only wish...
He's four years old, therefore not very smart.
I only wish that he had gotten electrocuted.
Still, you need to teach kid a lesson, rub his nose in it.
Kid wheezes on Wii?
Wii kills kid.
Awesome.
That's bad.
He's four!
But still.
Hey!
Still.
Survival of the fittest.
Smartest.
Hey, when I was four, I knew it was not okay to piss on the electric fence, okay?
Yes, when I was four, I was told not to eat the yellow snow, so you know, a lot of us,
you know...
It doesn't snow here, Rob.
It does up the hill a little bit, where we would sometimes travel to.
Okay, fine.
All right.
Anyhow.
Son of Dad in chat says, did they both pee on the Wii?
Don't cross the streams.
Anyhow.
Okay, well, that's it for this week's episode of The Classic Game of the Week, and I hope
you enjoyed it.
If you did, please like and subscribe, and I'll see you in the next one.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
So, Dark Soccer and Linus, what game have you selected as the Classic Game of the Week
this week?
Well, I've been selected as the Classic Game of the Week, and I've been selected as the
Classic Game of the Week.
I've been selected as the Classic Game of the Week.
I've been selected as the Classic Game of the Week.
You can combine two of the four different weapons to make different unique weapons.
It actually spawned a sequel, which was Gunstar Superheroes.
We have flies in the building.
Yes, while the storms are going on, the flies are like,
Ooh, it's warm in the studio.
But Gunstar Superheroes came out on Game Boy Advance,
which was a pretty cool little game.
And then a couple of years ago, Sega put out a Sega Ages collection,
which was called the Treasure Box, which had Gunstar Heroes,
Dynamite Headdy, and Alien Soldier in the collection.
It's a really cool game, and I think one of Treasure's best.
For everyone always bitching that Dark Soccer's Classic Game of the Week is too obscure and
hard to find, here's one that you can download on the Wii Virtual Console very easily.
That was when we were playing yesterday on Virtual Console.
We had it in, and I was like, Hey, that sounds familiar.
And Dan was like, It's because it's Gunstar Heroes, duh.
And I'm like, Oh yeah.
And so he was playing the hell out of that.
So Gunstar Heroes is one of the best games ever.
All right, so there it is, your Classic Game of the Week at Gunstar Heroes.
And it's Treasure.
By Treasure.
I'm sure at some point before this segment is retired, every Treasure game will have
come up at one point.
Maybe not.
There's a few I'm not too big on.
All right, just about.
All right, anyhow, that's it for part A. We're going to go ahead and take a quick break,
but we will be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio, so stay tuned.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
