Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Lowkey
Tonight, January 27th, 2008, Fox News ruffles the feathers of the gaming community,
Sega Master System games are poised to make a comeback, and is the Gizmondo about to be revived?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'm here with you every week, and also here with you every week, usually.
Usually she's punctual. It's the one and only...
I'm here early, Rob.
DarkSakura, she was actually here very early tonight.
I wasn't very early, but I was on time.
She was very punctual. She was quite punctual.
She gets an A for her attendance tonight.
And I brought specials.
You did. You brought specials.
And we'll go ahead and introduce specials.
She's very special to us, actually, here at Orange Lounge Radio.
It's one of our official Orange Lounge Radio lesbians.
Give it up for Chris.
Hello, how are you?
I am fine. How are you doing, Chris?
I'm okay.
I've had coffee with lots of sugar, and before that we had frozen yogurt with lots of sugar.
So I'm getting ready to blow.
You're happy!
Now, if I'm not mistaken, this may very well be your last appearance on Orange Lounge Radio for a little while.
I mean, not like ever, ever, but for a little while, right?
I'm going to desperately, desperately try.
But to come back here, because I've been in, for those of you who do not know,
I've been going back and forth from LA to my home in the South Bay, Los Gatos,
because my grandfather was diagnosed with cancer.
And I've been kind of being their chauffeur to whatever it is they need and stuff like that.
So I've kind of been their little slave, which I don't mind.
But sorry to hear about the family circumstance. It's rough, I know.
It's hard, but you know what, people are old, and that kind of stuff happens.
So I've been going back and forth, and I'm also moving to Madison, Wisconsin in March,
if all goes according to plan for school, and I have a girlfriend there, so pluses.
And it's got to be someone very special to get you to move from sunny, warm, wonderful California to,
oh my fucking lord, it's cold, Wisconsin.
No, no, the accent is kind of like this, you know.
Awesome.
Oh, you've got to get yourself one of those. That's all feel nice.
Well, you kids have fun. I know you guys are going to have a lot of fun together, living together and stuff.
But I'm going to be trying to come back more and more.
You better.
Because I actually, we got a new addition to the family.
Oh. Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh.
My dad's girlfriend gave birth to a little girl.
Aw.
On the 17th.
And you're going to visit your little sister once in a while.
Yeah.
All right.
So she's adorable and crying and driving her mother up the wall.
Well, on a more, on a...
That takes a whole lot, doesn't it?
Uh-huh.
Going back to games and gaming type like conventions for a little bit,
are you going to be going to the Chicago convention this year, Ayson?
I am. I'm going to Ayson.
You are.
You know, actually, some of our listeners are really trying to get us to go, and I'm going to try to make it happen.
So...
Good.
Yeah, I definitely will come.
Well, I'll have an apartment, so you guys are willing to sit.
We'll have a pillow fight. It'll be fun.
Oh, boy.
Well, for those...
There you go, the official OLR battle royale pillow fight.
That's what we need to do.
I was actually going to try and get a press pass to see if I can do some interviews for you guys.
I had a really cool idea, which I want to discuss with you later.
But for those of you who are going to Ayson, I will be there.
I'll be at the art table with my girlfriend, Megan, and a bunch of other really awesome artists that are going to show up.
Awesome.
Yeah, so look for me.
I mean, I'll have blue hair and stuff.
I'm very easy to spot.
All right, well, let's go ahead and move on.
We haven't introduced the one and only...
Let me switch mics for you so he has his normal back.
The one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
I finished the sandwich.
Sorry I ignored you for a little bit there, but, you know, lesbians cater a little more to our demographic than you do.
I know.
I'm just kidding.
How...
Where would we be without Loki?
Come on.
Loki's a very important part of this show.
You having a good week, Loki?
I had an okay week.
Yeah?
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go ahead and move on just a little bit.
But it's tradition to let the ladies go first.
So, Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It involved some cooking mama.
It involved a lot of burnout because I had to watch Dan play it and crash a bunch of stuff.
And it involved a whole crap ton of Ragnarok Online.
Of course.
And I found another game that I'm thinking about checking out, thanks to Heather.
What's that?
Perfect World.
Free play, free download, and according to her, it takes everything...
Well, and this is her perspective.
Took everything she hated about World of Warcraft and everything she hated about Guild Wars
and removed them and combined the best parts.
Interesting.
Do you have any examples?
Like, what types of things?
Or...
I don't know.
She was really drunk.
Okay.
Well, you'll know more...
You'll know more about it when you're able to get in there.
It was really nice.
On top of that, certain wear classes get, like, flying pets.
They look like gigantic manta rays.
And you get your...
You can get the nether rays in World of Warcraft, to be fair.
And you get your mounts at level 40.
That's not bad.
What was it called again?
Perfect World.
Perfect World.
It's a Malaysian MMO.
But it's free.
Completely free.
Download.
Free everything.
In this world, the Erwin family is writhing because of the thought of flying rays.
You're horrible.
Actually, that also kind of brings me back to, was it, if you're living in Las Vegas...
We can't stop here.
This is backcountry.
DarkSakura, anything else you'd like to share about your gaming week?
It wasn't a game, but we watched Torchwood, and it was hot.
I found some other friends of mine.
I would have never guessed.
They were talking to me, and they're like, Rob, you have to watch Torchwood.
It's the hottest show on TV.
You realize that this is a Doctor Who spin-off, right?
No, I do.
That's what I said.
I was like, you know it's a Doctor Who spin-off, right?
I said, one of my friend girls is obsessed with this series.
And they're like, oh yeah.
We like Doctor Who, too.
I was like, oh, cool.
If you take Torchwood and rearrange it, it spells Doctor Who.
Before we get to some more gaming weeks, I'm assuming you're all finished.
Yes?
All done?
Yes.
I just want to read some comments from the chat.
What?
Africa.
Chat.orangemunchradio.com.
Let's see.
What was this?
Oh, Tiger Claw asks, Skye, next week is the Super Bowl.
Will there be a show by then?
Damn right there's going to be a show during the Super Bowl.
I could care less about the Super Bowl, so absolutely we'll be doing a show, because
you know what?
I think some folks out there would like to have some alternative programming to the Super
Bowl.
So you know what?
We have the Puppy Bowl.
Yes, we do have the Puppy Bowl, and don't they have the Kitty Bowl usually, too?
They're doing it, and they're doing a $25 sushi buffet at the place on that day, and
I'm thinking about going.
Nice.
Nice.
Let's see.
What else?
Other comments from chat.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw just heard that Black Wolf is going to do a show on Saturday next week to the
Super Bowl.
Well, that's Black Wolf.
That's Bobby's project.
He likes sports, though, see?
Yeah, Bobby can watch it.
Just like my roommate.
I'm sure my roommate's going to have some guys over here watching the Super Bowl.
We'll be out here doing our nerdy show.
All right.
Let's get back to games.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty much just Burnout Paradise.
I played countless hours of it.
Actually, it's not countless because I took a look at my stats there, and I actually have
ten and a half hours put into it, but it's awesome.
You keep finding new things in there, and actually, I found quite a bit of the hidden
stuff.
I have almost all the jumps done, and about half the billboards and half the smashes,
and I'm working to get my Class A license, and haven't played online yet, because the
servers were giving me crap earlier this week, so I just kind of avoided them, but I may
try some online stuff a little later.
It's fun, though.
Are you going to play me online?
Because I got my copy, so you'll kill me, but that's all right.
No, it'll be fun.
There's a lot of stuff you can do, like co-op, challenges and stuff, so that might be fun.
And then I got a Vectrex.
That's right, you won the Vectrex that you were talking about last week, huh?
Yes.
How did that go?
It went okay.
I have it on my desk now, and people are like, oh my god, I remember that!
And to be honest, it's just kind of a desk piece, you know, I don't really play much
on it.
I did try some of the games that came with it, Star Trek, the game.
I understand it about as much as I understood it before, which is not very much.
I don't like that game at all.
I did play Frenzy, though, I think it's called Frenzy, no, Berserk, I'm sorry.
Same game, though.
But that was pretty fun.
And then there was this game, Hyperchase, it might not have been Hyperchase, but it
was some sort of racing game, and that was kind of fun.
And then they had, of course, the one that's built into it, which is Space Minds, and it
was pretty cool.
But the only thing is, originally I had planned on leaving it on all day long, just to leave
it at my desk and people can come by and take a look at it and have some sort of demo loop,
but none of those games ever had a demo loop, and it also makes a really annoying buzzing
sound, so I was like, crap, I can't do that.
So I just turned it on when people wanted to take a look at it.
Also one of the controllers is broken, so I had to fix that.
But I can get a new controller for like ten bucks if I really want to.
They actually make quite a few games.
People are still making games for that system.
Really?
I had no idea.
All homebrew stuff, of course, but there's new carts coming out as of last year still,
so that's kind of neat, I guess.
A complete waste of money, but it's neat, nonetheless.
It's nice to have.
And then, let's see, what else did I get?
I haven't gotten it yet, but I have a copy of, God, I don't remember what it's called
now.
It's one of the bit generation titles, but that one's coming, hopefully I get to play
that this week.
And, what else, oh, I got, I'm actually planning on selling my Sega Saturns, because I found
an emulator that works perfectly on my computer.
I didn't even know you had a Sega Saturn.
I have two.
What?
Yeah.
Wow.
Well, I bought them at a garage sale, not a garage sale, at a Danayo's flea market,
because for some reason I wanted to play Panzer Dragoon Zui, because I thought, oh my God,
it was so awesome, I love that game, and I went back and played it, and I'm like, wow,
this wasn't very good at all, but I hate that.
I need to get a stall and some other stuff, but yeah, it's okay, but since now that I
have something that will actually play them on the PC, I don't really need them anymore,
so there's this local game shop, which I've been meaning to go to for weeks now, called
Fairgame, and they carry all the vintage stuff, everything from the Vectrex up through Playstation
3 stuff, so hopefully they will be able to buy that.
And I do have games with it, I don't remember which games, so I have like two copies of
Madden 97 for some reason, like Bug 2, a Knight's Demo, and like some other stuff, Machine Head,
and I don't know, but I don't know, maybe I can put it on eBay though, cool cool.
And Saints Row, as usual, oh and, I think I meant, but not during the show, another
360 died, another one red ringed, apparently I had one that was starting to freeze up on
me, so I figured, okay, I'm going to cut it off the pass and just put a new heat sink
on it so that it will work better.
Well, put the new heat sink on it, didn't really fix anything, and so I tried pulling
the heat sink off again and maybe applying a little more thermal grease on spots that
may have missed some, and there was a big empty spot on there, so I went ahead and put
some thermal grease on there, reset it all back on there, and sure enough it three rings
on me, so I'm like, crap, and now I can't fix that one, so I'm going to hit it with
blunt objects until it works, or it won't work and who gives a crap because I still
have five, but I wanted six because my boss wants to play again and we had someone else
join us up when he was busy doing something else, so now someone's taken his place, but
he wants to play again.
Alright.
Oh well, soon you lose.
You always have busy gaming weeks, you can manage to play a lot.
I try, well we play at work, we play Saints Row, we play lots of Saints Row, lots of Saints
Row and lots of Burnout Paradise because that game, you know, it's really crazy, I thought
this week I would have been playing some No More Heroes, but I haven't gotten around
to that yet.
Not yet, but soon.
No, I don't know if I'm going to get around to it anytime soon either because next week
is Smash Bros. coming out in Japan, so hopefully we'll have that soon.
Hopefully, you've got to give us your thoughts.
Alright, well let's keep them moving.
Let's go over to Chris.
I don't know, Chris, if you have anything you want to share about your gaming week,
but let's hear it.
Well, aside from playing WoW, which I seem to be doing on a regular basis now.
Addict.
Shut up.
No, I have no room to talk whatsoever, seriously.
Yeah, I heard you just got a 70, so.
I wouldn't say just got, but yeah.
Oh, okay, well you know, I've been kind of out of it, so.
Gaming World of Warcraft.
I have a character up to level 24 now.
Rock.
Hey, everybody start somewhere, but you're a Draenei, huh?
No, I'm actually, I don't have, I've just now started getting into, because Megan is
starting to play, and she's got all of her friends playing, and all of them have like
epics.
Oh, wow.
And I'm learning now what they're learning, so I'm like hearing all this shit, like farm,
it's like, oh, I'm farming.
I didn't know for the longest time what that meant.
That's, oh, you got to start something.
Yeah, I got to, you know, because I was just a casual player, I don't go like for hours
on end, you know, just playing, and I'm like, shut up, and I don't need to look more like
a noob than I already am, but it was, you know, so I just finally, you know, I'm starting
to get more into it, but I don't have like a main.
So wait, do you horde or alliance now?
Both.
Both?
I don't have a main, I just switch back and forth.
You need to make your main a horde, for the horde.
But Megzi's main is a gnome, so to play with her, shut up, to play with her, I made a gnome,
but the problem is that I'm like 10 levels lower than her, so playing with her in that
is kind of stupid, so I keep making more characters to try and play with her, because she keeps
making more characters, and it's just not working, but yeah, aside from that, I did
a lot of D&D stuff, so that makes me happy.
Cool.
Yeah, I have to.
What's your school kind of gaming?
Yeah, I've got like maybe four or five friends in LA that have always, have like, oh, we
need to run a game, we need to run a game, and so I finally caved in and started making
an adventure, because I don't like all the new, the pre-made ones, so I've been working
on that a lot, and I freaking am annoyed at fourth edition that's coming out, but apparently
everybody does that with every edition that comes out, so no room to talk.
They're never going to make everybody happy, sadly.
I don't like it.
All right.
And people need to make me happy, because I'm important.
You are important.
Thank you.
All right.
We're going to move on, though, with gaming weeks now, if I can.
May I have permission?
I hope so.
Yes.
All right.
You may, Rob.
My gaming week, I actually took a little bit of a break from WoW.
I mean, I've been playing some, but I went back to another type of RPG that I just missed.
I haven't touched it in a while, and I decided to go back and play some Oblivion, because
I love that game, because you can just run around and do nothing.
It's the Seinfeld of video games.
I mean, if you want to ignore the main plot and just do whatever you want, you can.
It's beautiful.
I noticed you playing that this week.
Yes.
And I decided last time I did a fighter type, so this time I just went all out mage, because
I'm having a lot of fun summoning creatures to do my bidding and throwing fireballs at
people.
It's great.
I don't know why I get attacked.
I'm screwed.
But I create an army to go after people.
It's awesome.
I love Oblivion.
I can't wait for Elder Scrolls V.
I never get past the towns, because I'm too busy violating the animals, punching the horses
so they get pissed off, and apparently the townsfolk don't look too kindly upon that,
but it's still fun.
Otherwise, not a whole lot.
There's pretty much just been that has taken up a lot of my gaming week.
I just had this random Oblivion splurge, but I have been playing Burnout Paradise a little
bit.
Not enough to give a full review on just yet, but I do notice it's kind of like Test Drive
and Burnout mixed together, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
It's different.
It's a little different.
I don't know.
I kind of like the structure of the old Burnout games.
I'm not sure how I feel about this whole open world thing.
It's a little weird, but I'm giving it a shot.
I haven't taken it online either, which I hear is the best part, so we'll wait.
I do find it interesting, though, that it interacts with the camera to take your picture
and stuff.
That's kind of strange.
All right, anyhow, let's talk a little bit about housekeeping, and then we are going
to get into tonight's gaming news.
Tonight in housekeeping, just a reminder, we are now broadcasting, simulcasting on
Justin TV, so a big hello to all the people who are watching us right now on Justin TV.
Our Justin TV channel is www.Justin.tv slash Orange Lounge Radio, and the other cool thing
about Justin TV is that people can create their own highlights of the show.
So some people went in and made a highlight of, I don't know, me yelling no like Darth
Vader last week.
I don't know why that was so funny.
So I made that a highlight.
Okay, here's the one that got me, though.
Somebody made a highlight of the pie eating during the break.
But Justin TV is interesting because you can kind of see us even when the mics aren't hot,
so it's kind of fun.
So there's that over at Justin TV.
Also, next week on the show, an Orange Lounge radio first, and actually what may be, I'm
not sure, I don't want to stake the claim to this, but what may be a video game podcast
first, actually.
Next week on the show, we are going to have a musical guest.
That's right, we're going to have a musical guest here in studio, and her name on YouTube
is Amyxia is her name, and she is fairly well known, at least 28,000 people and counting
know her, for her cover of Still Alive.
So we found out she was local to us, so we sent her an email and said, hey, this might
seem a little random, but do you want to come on our little podcast and sing the song for
us?
And she said, sure.
So she's going to be here next week doing her cover of Still Alive, live here in studio.
It's an OLR first musical guest, and we're very excited.
She's going to be a guinea pig for that whole thing.
So it's cool.
We're very excited.
All right, so she'll be here in studio next week, as will the rest of us here.
I don't know if we have any other guests scheduled for the next few weeks.
Are we going to get the chocolate rain guy at some point?
We're not going to get the chocolate rain guy.
She's the YouTube celeb.
We're going to get in the studio, and then we've got to look for people from other places.
So there you have it.
Yeah, one day I want Dragon Force here in studio.
That's the ultimate dream.
I will.
You'll fly in from...
Yeah, that's right.
All right.
That would be so complete.
That's like a scene out of Wayne's World right there.
For real.
For real.
All right.
Anyhow, now why is the chat room saying they should get the chocolate rain guy?
Why?
What the hell does the chocolate rain guy have to do with video games?
I mean, come on.
But Amixia sings about, you know, she does a cover of Still Alive.
She's video game related.
Chocolate rain has nothing to do with video games.
Actually...
But it is funny.
I will say this.
I will say this.
An old friend of Orange Lounge Radio is experiencing a little bit of internet fame of his own,
I guess, speaking of people who have said they will come on the show.
He did a remix of this guy from American Idol.
Rinaldo LaPaz was his name.
He did this song called We Are Brothers Forever, and it was kind of one of those things you
laugh.
And Justin, who we knew from, like, years ago playing DDR, he did a remix of it.
This has nothing to do with video games, but you can't help but admit that thing's gotta
be DDR-inspired.
Well, he did that, and he said, I emailed him, I'm like, dude, when are you gonna come
on the show again?
You're, like, famous and stuff.
You gotta come back.
He said he would come back and talk games with us and maybe show us some more remixes.
Who knows?
I ran into him in a line for a movie.
Really?
A couple months ago.
No, like, a couple months ago, but I don't remember what movie we were seeing.
Nice.
All right, so anyhow, lots of things to look forward to on Orange Launch Radio coming up.
All right, let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, please take us to video game chat, because obviously we're having problems with that
tonight.
All right, well, there is a big old stink this week having to do with Fox News and Mass
Effect.
Apparently, they aired a little segment called Sex Box, and they were talking about how Mass
Effect featured a full digital character nudity and had explicit sex and all this stuff.
And, of course, anyone that's played Mass Effect knows that that's completely false.
But nonetheless, though, they were on there.
They actually had an expert, I'd say a psychology expert or something, who was kind of pimping
out her book.
And at the same time, also in defense, they had Jeff Knightley, who was basically from
EA.
Isn't it Jeff Keighley?
Keighley Knightley.
Knightley is Kira Knightley.
She's Pirates of the Caribbean.
Jeff Keighley.
Caribbean.
Caribbean.
Whatever.
So, Orange Lounge Radio, we pronounce stuff good.
I learned it how to read.
I learned it on Orange Lounge.
Anyways, so, all you need to know, okay, is that basically they went back and forth for
about 30 seconds talking about this game.
The psychologist and, you know, the host hadn't played the game, but yet they were still claiming
all this stuff.
So anyways, as the week progressed, I went kind of crazy.
First EA was saying, you know, they're pissed off that all this stuff was said.
This is complete outright lies.
They want a correction from Fox to basically fess up to not having played the game and
just making up lies off the cuff.
So of course Fox said, no, we're not going to do a correction, but hey, you can come
on to one of our shows again.
And to which, you know, basically they said fuck off.
Anyways, apparently the woman, of course, the psychologist, she has a book called The
Cult of Perfection and it happened to be on Amazon.
Well, gamers got pissed off and they, of course, you know, realized, hey, her book's on there.
And so they left her a bunch of negative reviews clearly stating that they have not read her
book but that it's, you know, inappropriate for minors and that it's like, here's the
thing that got me...
It's not that funny, Chris.
But it's the exact same thing she was doing.
Yeah, it was, which is ironic, but the internet is LOL like that, I mean, seriously.
But here's the thing, I don't know how many of you actually went on to Amazon and started
reading the book.
It's like, you know, it's a self-help book for women.
It's like something they give out to young women.
Here's the best part, by now when we're talking about this, all those negative reviews have
been removed, the ones that gamers left.
What's left, though, is still negative reviews.
They weren't good to begin with, I mean, so...
Well, here's the thing is that I actually started reading some of the book, and I'm
thinking, as I'm reading it, I'm going, why was she invited to talk about video games?
Her book has nothing to do.
I mean, if you're going to bring on someone to dog video games, fucking, you know which
attention whore whose initials start with J and T will be there at the drop of the hat
to come talk about video games and bash them, come on.
At least call him.
I'm sorry.
She's too busy chasing an ambulance, you know, so...
Apparently.
Anyways, so, you know, like I said, they trashed her book on Amazon, or all of her books, apparently
she has a few books, and they all suck, including Ben-There-Done-That-Kept-The-Jewelry and The
Fixer-Upper-Man, which is talking about how all men are fixer-uppers, so, yeah, she's
awesome.
I hope, you know, I gotta wonder, I mean, don't get me wrong, she is pretty hot, okay,
so I'll give you that.
She's pretty hot.
I'm sorry.
No, she's not, she's got a fucked up nose, and she's got that pose that looks like it's
post-metapause.
Okay, whatever, okay, well, she's a deranged woman.
Anyways, so, to be fair-
She clearly sounds retarded.
To be fair, I don't know if you're gonna cover this, maybe I'm cutting you off, I don't care,
she retracted her statement, she retracted, I was just getting there, anyways, I just
got served.
I remember Cooper Lawrence did retract her statement, saying that, you know, she really
regrets saying that, and now seeing the game's sex scenes, seeing it's kind of a joke, you
know, she's seen more explicit sexual content on Lost than, you know, this game, so.
Or other Fox programming, such as 24, Family Guy, which had a whole thing about side boob,
if I remember right, I mean, I-
It's my side boob.
Anyways, that's all you see in Mass Effect, is a little side boob, come on.
And then, of course, not to be left out, Adam Sessler actually gave his opinion on the whole
thing, and I thought he actually phrased it quite well, you know, plus one respect from
me, for him, but, you know.
From one nerdy white guy to another.
Exactly, you know.
Congrats.
But, you know, because usually I think he's kind of a tool, but, you know, actually, he
wasn't bad, you know, I don't know, I think he made his point quite nicely, and, you know,
basically this whole thing is ridiculous, and he also dogged her book without reading
it, so.
Okay, internets, I, I lolled at the whole, you know, bashing her book when you hadn't
read it, just doing the same thing she did, however, she did apologize, people screw up,
she made a mistake, I say leave her alone, you need to fight the real enemy.
Who is the real enemy in this case?
Fox News.
Fox News.
I dare and balance my big fat ass, I mean, come on, this isn't even a political thing,
this is nothing to do with Republican, Democrat, conservative, liberal, this is just about,
that was the most piss poorly researched thing I'd ever seen in my entire life.
Did you see the round table discussion that came afterwards?
Oh, oh, oh my God, I wanted to barf, Chris, any thoughts?
You know, I don't know if you'd already heard about this, I posted this in my LJ, and, you
know, I posted the entire interview, and it's just like, the retardedness of these people
just blew my head off, you know, it's like they're like saying, God, I can't even remember
now, you know, it's just like, you know, I don't want my child to have to be subject
to this, and like totally going off on, I don't remember what they said, no, but it
was just like.
I just can't, I didn't know, literally one of them was like, I just can't believe that
we as parents have to monitor everything our children play.
Oh God, yeah, exactly, here, here, I'll, I'll, I have this direct from my LJ, I'll just
write what, or I'll just read off kind of the part I said.
As to the blonde bimbo, I know being a parent is hard, and you just magically get pregnant
and are forced to care for a baby that you had no responsibility in creating it all,
but there is all sorts, and there is all sorts of bad stuff coming from places like the interwebs
and video games, but do us all a favor and attempt to sound a little more mature when
you say that simply monitoring what your child sees is a much, is a much harder job.
Now here's even better, Daryl, you know, you know, I know a lot of these, um, you know,
adults are playing video games and stuff, but you know when those adults are gone, you
know their kids are, they're playing, they're playing their parents' video games, I'm like,
well then why don't you fucking put the parental, you know, protection or codes and stuff on
there to fix that, I mean, since you're aware that they're going to be playing your games,
why don't you, I don't know, solve the problem?
It was just one of the most journalistically irresponsible things I've ever seen in my
entire life, and they should all be ashamed of themselves for having their names attached
to that piece, except for Jeff Keighley, which, you know, obviously was the only one that
knew what he was talking about, the only one that knew anything about games, honestly.
I laugh when he's like, have you played this game?
Well, no, but I've watched videos on it.
He knew, going in, he knew, well, to his credit, obviously he's a smart guy, you know, he's
a well-respected journalist, he probably knew going into this, he's like, Fox News wants
me to talk about video games, yeah, I know what's going to happen.
Like he knew, he knew somebody was going to come on there that didn't know their shit,
he had enough smarts to have the foresight, I mean, you could tell that was his first
question right out of the gate, you know.
Oh, oh, and then my favorite, Darryl, well, Darryl, you know, finding the ratings is so
hard, you know, you have to look on the back of the box and it's not there, actually, no,
you're wrong, it's on the front of the box, and on the back of the box, so you're an idiot.
Whereas on a movie poster, it's a tiny little thing at the very bottom of the poster, I
mean, you know, and the ratings, it's okay, the ratings on movies are all on the back
of the box, not one rating is on the front of the box unless it's, of course, you know,
pimping out that it's an unrated director's cut or something like that.
I think it's just disgusting and hypocritical when Fox Television runs all the stuff that's
way more pornographic than Mass Effect could ever be, which is actually kind of a shame
because Mass Effect should have been a little more pornographic, but anyhow, it's beside
the point, but Fox TV, like, you know, you see way worse things on there, I swear to
God everybody involved from Fox News with that little piece needs to come on the TV
and apologize for being an asshat, I will accept nothing less.
I want that blondie to come out and say, I, blondie, apologize to the world for being
an asshat, that's what I want.
It'll never happen.
When was that, Chris?
Well, I mean, I'm going to start studying psychology, this is what I want to do with
my life, and I just love the psychologist that came on, she was like, you know, discussing
the psychologies of, you know, all the, you know, children see this and they think it's
real.
No, they don't.
Video games and any sort of entertainment, this does not count, you know, if your child
is going off and killing people because of video games, psychologically, that's not the
video game's fault, it's because your child is mentally unstable, and guess whose fucking
fault that is?
Your fault.
The parent's fault.
It all stems back from the parents, you know, they're probably going through the first stage
of development and they fucked up majorly, so, you know, I just love it when these people
sit there and tell you, it's like, you know, video games and all this stuff, it's hurting
our children, they're, you know.
To be fair, there are mental conditions that, you know, could be, but that's usually outside
the norm, you know, a lot of these kids on Maury Povich who are out of control and stuff,
that's the parents.
That's again, well, if it is a psychological disorder that requires medication, again,
I give that back to, yeah, that's not the parent's fault that their child is like that
because there's a chemical imbalance that's going on, but the parent needs to be responsible
enough to understand that and take them to the proper doctors and explain to them the
proper, you know, it all stems back to your responsibility as a parent of what you want
your child to see and do.
Alright, we've got to stop giving Fox News so much attention here on this program, but
I do want to respond to some stuff in chat here.
Chat at orangehonestradio.com, some comments, rostielut says, Sky, you have to understand
that Fox News is struggling to get beyond its little niche of right-wing shitheads.
They're nothing more than a bottom-run cable networks.
Their ratings are probably lower than Lifetime and Spike.
I don't know.
Let's see, binary667 says, what do you have against Blondie?
That's some quality music.
Obviously, when I say Blondie, I'm not saying Debra Harry has to come apologize.
She didn't do anything.
If Debra Harry has to apologize for anything, have her apologize for the Blondie reunion
album.
But, anyway, that's besides the point.
You know who I'm talking about.
I'm not talking about Debra Harry.
Let's see, Porto Combat says, Fox News, you are not the father.
Sadly enough, if there was an argument or something like Springer or Maury Povich or
something like that, it would actually probably be more intelligent than what's on Fox News
right now.
Alright, we've got to get back to some happier topics.
Things that won't make us so damn angry.
If we hadn't done this right out the gate, we'd probably be doing the FUs right about
now, but we'll have to save those for later.
Let's talk about something happy.
Let's get some happy news here to make us forget this whole Fox debacle.
Res HD, that's a nice happy subject, right?
You know what's even better?
Is that it is very possible this game is coming out this week, especially a lot of people
seem to think so are convinced.
Well, you said it's going to come out this month, and I think this is the last week left.
There is that.
And then also, there was a quote from Q Entertainment, quote, the game is being prepped and it's
just waiting for the green light.
Maybe next week?
So, in other words, basically, Q Entertainment is just saying, we're done, it's there, waiting
to go, we're just waiting for someone at Microsoft to push the button.
So that will be very happy when Res HD, I'll have that on my TV all the time, and we'll
never have a need to put my TV on Fox News ever again.
Well, I was reading, they had an interview with Mizuguchi about how to play it with the
other controllers and stuff, they said put one on your feet, put one on your back or
something like that, and I don't know what to do with the third one.
Put it in a happy place.
Put it in the spot that most suits you.
Let's just leave it at that, right, Jamie?
I guess so.
Man, some people are desperate.
Anyway, there is a contest going on in the UK.
Microsoft is having some Halo fans to make videos about Master Chief in everyday situations
that do not involve Halo.
And if they win, then they will be accepted, well, they will get to go to a film school
for a month in LA for, I guess, special lessons, but they said you can use a video camera,
you can use the game itself, animation, however you want to do it, it just has to, you know,
be Master Chief in a situation apart from the Halo universe.
And it's for European gamers over 18, submissions are to be in between January 31st and March
21st this year.
Here's an idea, kids, and if you win with this idea, you only have to, you know, credit
me.
Master Chief responding to this Fox News story.
Think about it.
Well, for anyone who's interested in it, it's Halo Re-Cut, is what the contest is called.
It's at xbox.com slash en dash gb slash Halo Re-Cut, all one word.
So if you want to check it out.
Well, I hope somebody we know wins it, so good luck to all of you.
If you win it, send us an email.
Yes.
We'll interview you.
Another first person shooter game that's pretty fun, Team Fortress 2 is going to be getting
some unlockable weapons and new game modes pretty soon, which is pretty awesome.
They're one of the first earned weapons, I guess, that's going to be for the medic, and
it's an over-healer, which apparently I believe is a tool you can use to give a temporary
boost to your other player's health up to 150%.
And this is also part of the balancing that Valve is doing.
They're also going to be talking about some other unlockable weapons, including a healing
ray and some other stuff.
Also they were going to be introducing a new map, Gold Rush, and there's going to be another
one coming out as well, it's a remake, I guess, of an older map called Badlands, and basically
in Gold Rush the blue team must escort a mining cart through tunnels, and the cart moves faster
with the more blue team members nearby, but stops completely if a red player gets near.
So that's kind of neat, I like how they're mixing it up and supporting the game well
after it's come out, so looking forward to it.
That's always good to see a game get a lot of lovin' after it's still out, which is yet
another reason, going back to what I said earlier in the show, why I love Oblivion.
They were coming out with new shit for that game for a long time, and granted they're
done now, but...
I wish they had multiplayer in that, or at least co-op or something like that.
It's almost like they built the game to have that at one point, because when you conjure
things, like let's say I conjure a skeleton, my character's name is Bunny, don't laugh,
but when you actually point at the skeleton it says, Bunny's Skeleton.
Almost like it was built so that at one point it was going to have a multiplayer environment,
you know what I mean?
Like why would it need to say it's my skeleton, couldn't it just say your skeleton, or conjured
skeleton?
Hell, they could just re-release the game with multiplayer built into it.
They probably will.
Kind of like how they do it with Twisted Metal, Black Online, or something like that.
That might be how they try to hold this over for Elder Scrolls V.
That'd be cool.
Who knows?
Well, another game that continues to get some love after it's out is Halo 3, but this isn't
anything official.
This is actually something that's been put together for your iPhone.
It's a website called www.ihalostats.com, and it's a website that's built specifically
for your iPhone that will allow you to check your Halo stats from anywhere.
Why you'd want to do that, I don't really know, but hey, you have that option.
It's for picking up chicks, of course.
It's like, dude, look how awesome I am in Halo 3.
Think of how awesome I'll be in bed.
Think about it.
Exactly.
But there's a little disclaimer right there on the website, iHaloStats.com is not affiliated
with Bungie LLC, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So it is something completely fan-made, and to their credit, you know what, even if I
think this is a little, I don't know, useless, it's kind of cool in that, you know, hey,
somebody had a weird idea and kind of built this whole thing, and it seems to run pretty
well.
So, you know, props to them for seeing their strange idea through to completion, if that
makes any sense at all.
I don't know.
Well, for more gaming news, for anyone who is a fan of Condemned, Condemned 2 comes out
on March 11th, according to Sega, and it's gory and violent and weird.
Which means I'm going to go put a pre-order down right now, right?
I won't.
Well, actually, the first one was kind of, it was just freaky, it's like a serial killer
type game, you know?
Now that I think about it, we did start Condemned, but I don't think that after a little bit
of it, I was too much into it afterwards.
All you need to know about Condemned 2, and I can sell it to you in one sentence, it has
exploding babies.
You know what, Loki, that might have done it, actually, that's pretty awesome.
Exploding babies?
I'm looking at this picture of a guy with a meat hook.
Why does it go boom?
Why are they exploding?
I don't know.
Somebody exploded them?
I don't know.
How old are they?
Well, they're babies!
I mean, Chris!
I'm sorry, I just came from a household where there was just a week-old infant in my arms
holding just sort of exploding babies, sad me.
Shut up!
Well, at least it wasn't ticking.
Here's my advice, Chris.
Don't play Condemned 2.
There's plenty of other video games out there for your enjoyment.
Why don't you play?
Here, Chris, I want you to go get a game.
It's called Imagine Babies.
I have it in my backpack.
It's nothing but happy babies, rainbows, diaper changing, I don't know.
It's all the glory of having babies.
That's the first time I changed a diaper in my life, and I really enjoyed it.
That's a different type of exploding baby.
I'm breaking out the DS right now.
Yeah, it's not like that.
All right, Condemned 2, now with exploding babies, enjoy, March 11th.
Well, there's another game I'm looking forward to, far more than Condemned 2.
Of course, that would be Grand Theft Auto IV, and the announcement that it was actually
coming out this spring instead of the end of this year, or possibly not this year.
That's just all sorts of awesome.
It's dated now for April 29th, and it will be coming out, of course, on PlayStation 3
and Xbox 360, as well as a special edition, which I already have preordered, and I can't
wait.
The other thing, though, Rockstar was commenting on why it's been delayed, and they said, of
course, one of the contributing factors was that they had some technical challenges with
the PlayStation 3 version, and, of course, they wouldn't go into what the challenges
were.
They said it's not an issue anymore because both versions are now neck and neck in their
development phases.
We were just having problems getting the hookers just right in the PlayStation 3 version.
Yeah, so they basically said it's really no surprise to anyone that the PS3 was definitely
a contributing factor to the delay.
I have to go back to the last story because this is too good.
In our chat room, Ekum, which is just Mike spelled backwards, says, imagine exploding
babies coming to a DS near you.
By the way, exploding babies are in the trailer for the game, so watch the trailer for the
game and you will see the exploding babies.
Chris, don't watch the trailer for Gundam 2, please.
Oh my god, this is too cute.
You're actually playing Imagine Babies here in the studio?
Yeah.
Get that filth out of my house.
You need to blame Loki, he gave it to me.
You know what you should be playing, Dark Sakura, is a wonderful game on Xbox Live called
Every Extend Extra Extreme.
That game is pretty awesome and it's on PSP as well.
The only gripe I have with the Xbox Live one is that the game doesn't get a whole lot of
variety in it in the basic modes.
It doesn't have quite the same hypnotic backgrounds that the PSP one had and the skins don't change
that much, but to make up for that lack of variety, to Q Entertainment's credit, they
have the custom tracks mode in the game and I think a lot of people forget about this.
You can actually play Every Extend Extra Extreme with your own custom tracks.
The problem with the mode this week is that it wasn't perfect.
You can either manually put in the BPM or you can tap it out to get the beats per second
or beats per minute or what have you, but you couldn't exactly fine tune it until now.
Q Entertainment has released a code that will allow you to make a fine adjustment to your
custom music.
You better write this one down because it's very complicated.
Very complicated code to remember.
Here you go.
This is the code.
At the start menu, you're going to use the left and right triggers to put in this code.
Here it is.
Get your pencils ready.
Here it is.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Left.
Left.
Ok, right.
Alright, there you go.
Wait, wait, wait, what was after left?
Ah, right.
Ok.
So there it is.
So you can just have a Q Entertainment overload this week if you want to do this fine tuning
mode and then Res HD and hell you could play 99 Nights if you're at it if you want to play
a bad Q Entertainment game.
emotion It wasn't that bad.
It wasn't that bad.
It just wasn't that good either.
It was ok.
It was better than probably Kingdom Under Fire Circles.
Well, here's the thing. I have Q Entertainment up on a pedestal. I mean, seriously. Luminous, every extent.
Actually, you know I love my puzzle games. I have Q Entertainment up on a very high pedestal.
I love Tetsuya Mizuguchi a lot.
They need to stick to the puzzle music games. Do not deviate from the puzzle music games.
Although, can you imagine if 99 Nights had, like, some sort of musical beat thing to it, just like, you know...
Oh my god, okay.
Rez?
All you had to do, yeah, seriously, to make 99 Nights cooler, all you had to do was be slashing people to techno music,
and that would have been the coolest game ever.
Who wouldn't want to kill people to bad techno music? Come on.
That would be pretty awesome, like, something mixing, like, Dynasty Warriors with, like, Rez.
Hello?
I'd dig a- Hey!
I would totally play that.
Get on the ball, people!
Exploding babies in time with the music? Come on.
It'd be fun.
That would be kind of... wrong, but, you know, um...
If you want to be abstract, then sure, go the space draft route, you know?
They could do weasel stomping mode.
Son of Dad says Gunpei is God.
That's one of the few Q Entertainment games I haven't played is Gunpei.
Gunpei is great.
I've heard it's pretty good.
Uh, Gerardimo says, Rob, don't forget Meteos Disney Magic. That's worse than 99 Nights.
I enjoyed the original Meteos, actually, quite a bit, but...
I didn't play the Disney one. Did you play Disney Meteos?
Um, I've seen... I've seen it been played before, but I thought it was cute.
But I'm a Disney freak, so, you know, look at my online screen name, Disney Funk 10, so...
Shut up!
Nerd.
All right. How about some release dates? Let's travel the globe and find out what's coming soon to a retail store near you.
We'll start with Europe.
Do you need release, Rob?
Um, I don't know how to answer that.
How about on the 30th we get Chestmaster Live on Xbox 360 and ResHD given a date of the 30th in the UK.
On the first is Bombermanland on Wii. Try saying that three times fast.
Flat Out Head On on PSP, Kingdom Under Fire, Circle of Doom, yay.
Lineage 2, The Camel on PC.
Um, PDC World Championship Darts 2008 on DS, which is really exciting, isn't it?
Yeah.
Puzzle Quest, Challenger of the Warlords on Wii, Sims 2 Castaway Stories on PC, and Zoo Hospital on DS.
Zoo Hospital? Oh boy!
Isn't that exciting?
Zoo Host-able.
I would like to know how many people have pre-orders on Zoo Hospital.
I've got mine in there. Do you?
Just making sure I don't want to miss out on Zoo Hospital.
You know, I was hoping that Chestmaster Live was actually Chestmaster Live, you know, like a pornographic version of it or something.
That'd be kind of cool, but no.
Let's see, the US isn't, you know, that busy this week, actually. It's pretty scarce.
And there's not going to be much that you're going to be interested in unless you love Bomberman.
In which case, there's a couple games for you.
Bomberman Land for the Wii and the PSP coming out.
A little mini-game with some adventure stuff in there as well.
And it's Bomberman, so there you go.
Bomberman Land Touch 2 for the DS is coming out.
Pursuit Force Xtreme Justice on the PSP.
And The Sims Castaway Stories on the PC.
What kind of stories do they have to tell?
Help! I'm trapped in a knock-off game of a once-popular franchise.
Help! I'm lost on an island.
Anything else to note?
I was just seeing if there's anything else that's funny.
Pet Vet 3D Animal Hospital Down Under.
Wait, say that one more time.
Pet Vet 3D Animal Hospital Down Under.
So we have Zoo Hospital coming out in Europe, and we have...
Is it the same game with just a different name or something?
Or is there really that big of a demand out there in the game marketplace for Zoo Hospital?
Dude, there's a lot of freaking Pet Vet games.
There's actually one that's kind of neat. It's a little different than your usual pet-the-animals-and-they-are-better type game.
They actually have one that's done like Phoenix Wright, that's a pet hospital game.
That's kind of neat.
I guess it's cute because it's a good game for kids.
It's a good game for kids, I'm sure, because how many...
Objection! You're not sick! You're faking any damn dog!
There's tons of eight- and nine-year-olds that want to be veterinarians when they grow up, you know?
So, I mean, I can...
If you want, I can go even more obscure here. We've got...
What is it? Pacific Storm Allies, AGEOD's American Civil War, 1861 through 1865.
Whoo! That's awesome!
And that's it.
Really, I don't want to go into any more details unless there's another Tycoon game,
because, you know, every week there's got to be a Tycoon game.
Oh, here's the one I was talking about, Paws and Claws Pet Resort.
But that's not for this week.
Pet Resort?
Pet Resort.
Awesome.
It used to be Paws and Claws Pet Resort Tycoon, so...
All right, let's head over to Japanese release dates.
Oh my god, this is so... You guys, seriously, look at this.
How ridiculous-looking is that?
You get to pamper the pets.
It does look kind of cute in a really, like, excess kind of way.
All the animals have little hats and sunglasses on and shirts. That's so cute.
Like, really cute, as in, like, a Scholastic Weekly type cute.
Highlights for children type cute.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
All right, let's go to Japanese release dates, because this is one of the fun parts of the show,
is getting to hear me horribly butcher the pronunciation of Japanese titles coming soon to Japan.
But we'll start with easy ones on the Xbox 360 Devil May Cry 4 on January 31st.
Need for Speed Pro Street also hitting January 31st, as well as Sega Rally Revo also hitting as well.
By the way, there is a Xbox 360 Plus Devil May Cry.
It's a bundle pack, also comes out in Japan on the 31st of this month.
Traveling over to some other systems, taking a look at the PlayStation 3.
Of course, they're getting Devil May Cry 4 on that system as well.
They're also getting Disgaea Hour of Darkness 3 makes its way to the PlayStation 3 on the 31st.
Also another version of Need for Speed Pro Street, as well as Assassin's Creed makes its way to the PlayStation 3 in Japan this week.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, not a whole lot.
There's a game called Family Ski coming out from Namco Bandai on the 31st.
And I believe that uses the Wii Fit Balance Board, if you have it.
Oh, yes, that one. That's right.
We heard about that earlier, that Namco was putting that together for use with the Wii Fit.
So that's coming out this week, for those of you guys that bought Wii Fit over there.
Also another version of Need for Speed Pro Street, because you know Need for Speed has to come out everywhere.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2, another version of Need for Speed Pro Street.
Also, Tales of Destiny, the Director's Cut makes its way out on the PlayStation 2.
Cyanide with an X, I guess maybe that's Cyanide is coming out as well.
Is that on the PS2?
On the PS2.
That's a pretty cool game, actually. It's like a shoot-em-up game.
Bullet Hill.
This game is called, also coming out on the 31st, is called Your, Memories Off, Girls Style.
That's not one sentence, it's split up.
It's Your, Memories Off, Girls Style comes out as well.
I don't know quite what that is, but it's probably yet another game that's like, you know, I don't know.
It sounds like a dating sim for some reason, but I don't know.
Also coming out, Izumo II, Double Tacked comes out from GN Software on the PlayStation 2 this week.
Moving to some of the handheld systems on the Nintendo DS.
Loop Pop Cube, Loop Salad.
I'm not making that up.
Loop Salad?
Loop Salad comes out on the DS this week.
What the fuck?
Loop Pop Cube, Loop Salad. I'm not even kidding, that's what it is.
There's a little penguin on the cover, it looks cute.
Weird looking thing.
That comes out on the Nintendo DS as well as
Hiromichi Onisan no Ayako Taisunavi comes out from Dorasu this week on the Nintendo DS.
And I love the cover, it's this very, very happy Japanese man standing in front of a rainbow.
Not that I'm sure it's insinuating anything, I'm just saying.
Is that like, you know, the Japanese version of the Wiggles over there or something like that?
It could be, actually, that's a very distinct thought.
So I linked that in chat, because, yeah, I don't know, he's very happy.
He's like Richard Simmons happy.
You should get a t-shirt with that on the front there.
Ah, it would be, yeah.
He's like the Japanese Ronald McDonald.
Yeah, I know that.
That picture is waiting to be 4chan'd into something, seriously.
Seriously, chat.
Look this game up if you're listening on the podcast and didn't get a chance to get the link in chat.
Lastly, let's go to Sony PSP, where there's a game called Patapon coming out on January 1st.
I have that on my PSP right now.
You like that? Is it good?
Yeah, I haven't played it yet.
Well, Jesus.
That's the eye of all one.
And lastly but not least, Sega Rally Revo also coming out on the Sony PSP.
I'll tell you what, I'll play it during break, and then I'll tell you how it is.
Yeah, you should tell us.
Alright, let's move on. Back to the gaming news.
Well, to move even further over to the UK, you know, there was the drama going on regarding the release of Manhunt 2.
And they had said that, yeah, it would be okay, there would be no harm in the game.
Well, the High Court has said, nah, it's gonna be harmful, so we don't want it.
Actually even stating that the Video Appeals Committee misinterpreted the term of actual harm,
and that they should have considered a wider realm of harm.
So, it will not be released in its current incarnation, because it will not be rated by the BBFC, which is the British form of film classification.
And there's no telling if it will be in any incarnation released.
You know, just a message to our friends over there in the UK who might be, you know, legally involved in all this.
Just release the damn game, because seriously, it's not gonna sell anyway.
They've all heard from us that the game sucks.
So, you know, just stop wasting the dollars, you know, getting the court order.
It's not that good anymore.
Just let them sell it, no one's gonna buy it. It sucks.
It was good when, you know, we didn't know what the game was gonna be like,
but now that it's been out, and we've seen the reviews, and we've played it, and we've kind of gotten over the,
oh wow, this was violent, okay, let's move along.
You know, if the British board wants to look at something, I mean, condemn 2.
Hello, exploding babies?
I mean, that might necessitate a ban or something.
But you don't understand, though, Rob.
Exploding babies, I mean, that has nothing to do with, like, sexual stuff.
So, you know, that's also another reason why we...
Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Exploding babies, that's not as offensive as ripping off someone's testicles with pliers.
What?
Alright, let's keep moving with the gaming news.
So, let's see here.
This isn't really a big surprise.
Ubisoft has confirmed that there's gonna be a new Prince of Persia franchise coming in their next fiscal year,
which, you know, 2008, I guess that starts in March.
Big whoop.
I mean, we already knew this was kind of rumored to be coming out anyways,
and I see some, you know, artwork here that they were showing off.
No word, though, on when exactly it's gonna be out, because their fiscal year runs from basically March of this year through April of 2009.
So, somewhere in between there, we're gonna get a new Prince of Persia game.
And hopefully it looks like this, you know, piece of artwork that they have, because it looks like Strider.
But, you know, not a big surprise.
Hmm.
I'm going to the chat room and looking at some comments.
If you want to go to chat.orangelaungeradio.com and leave some comments.
Going back to the last story, RawstealUT says,
No more Manhunt 2, angry face.
Frisbee says, Come on, guys, Manhunt 2 is not a game to get locked up in the government.
Sonofdad says, Manhunt 2, no plastic knife attachment for the Wiimote yet?
They have those.
Shut up.
It's not a plastic knife, but it's a plastic sword, and then they've got, you know, stuff like that.
But, I don't know.
Let's see.
GS68 says, I should maybe take a break from game politics.
The story they've been running make me want to stab random people, I guess, in response.
Well, see, wait a minute.
Now, see, you're displaced anger there is part of the problem.
You know, video games make you want to stab random people.
No, I'm kidding.
I know that's just a question.
I'm sure in Japan, though, they probably have a knife attachment for, you know, the Wiimote.
I mean, they have attachments for all the different weapons in Ghost Squad in there,
so a knife maybe.
That'd be kind of neat.
You could pretend that the shark gun's a knife.
That's just, yeah, I mean, do you really need that?
I mean, come on.
It's a little strange.
Well, did you ever see the, did you see that story this week?
Someone made a replica energy sword.
No.
They made, it's an actual sword, but they made it, you know, look like the energy sword from Halo 3.
Interesting.
Some people have a lot of free time on their hands.
All right, well, let's move over to the PSP, and unfortunately, Sony needs a little more time on their hands
because Skype was announced for the PSP.
Remember, we talked about Skype a couple weeks ago on the show.
It's going to be coming to the PSP if you own a PSP Lite, that is,
because the lights have more memories on board, but they've been delayed.
Skype was supposed to hit the PSP on the 24th along with some companion microphones.
However, Sony had to come out with a press release that says in part,
quote, it was found that the microphone did not meet the Skype specifications, in part, to obtain certification.
Sorry, you still sound like a douche.
That is unacceptable.
If you've been listening to this show for any length of time,
there's a lot of people on Skype whose microphones have probably failed a lot of types of certifications.
I know that.
I know what you're doing.
I'm so excited to be honest with you.
Yeah, it sounds like it works to me because that's how all the Skype calls sound like.
I know.
Can we have Skype certify all our listeners' microphones or something?
Just kidding.
We heart the listeners and the ones that call in on Skype,
but just don't forget to call Echo 1-2-3 before you call our show.
That's all we ask, okay?
Anyhow, so no news yet on when this will be coming out for sure,
but we imagine the delay is not going to be that long.
I could imagine there's going to be third-party microphones and stuff like that.
I know there's headsets already for some of the SOCOM games,
which I imagine you could probably use those for Skype.
I don't understand why they're delaying all this stuff.
Oh, I'm probably guessing because everything that's Sony-related
seems to be delayed one time or another.
Yeah, it's kind of funny because, of course, all the Sony haters came out and said,
here we go again, delay station 3.
Like all the cool stuff.
Except this is a delay station portable, okay?
That's true, that's true.
All right, really quick, some comments from chat,
and then we'll get to the next story Jamie's going to do for us.
ActDef says in chat, yes, if you sell something with the Skype name,
you have to be certified by them.
So that is part of the point is that the microphones are chatted to you
as they get it, you know, Best Buy, Circuit City, whatever.
It's just some random mic that happens to be a USB mic.
But if you're going to sell something with the Skype name on it,
like the PSP's going to do, it has to be Skype certified, which makes sense.
And Tiger Claw says pretty soon the Skype calls on OLR
are going to be done by people using Skype on their PSP.
I don't think that's actually going to be a bad thing at all because, hey,
if the mics are certified and everything's been tested,
you know it's going to work.
So I look forward to that day actually.
I don't know about you guys, but that'll be good.
I'll cry.
Why would you cry?
Because...
Cry tears of joy or tears of pain?
Cry tears of apathy.
I can't wait to talk on my PSP out in public looking like a complete douche.
Exactly.
Yo, what's up, man?
I'm totally on my PSP.
You know what it is?
It's the N-Gage all over again.
You don't have to side talk on it because it has a microphone.
Although the microphone that they're going to have is like
plugs into the USB thing on the front,
I think on the top of the actual system,
which doesn't make any sense to me when you think about it
because why won't they just have a headset or something they can plug in?
I know.
So instead you're just like, hello?
Hello?
Talking with the PSP in front of you and be like, hi.
How's it going?
Yeah, totally.
Or do like they have with the iPhone.
Their headphones are so smart.
They've got just a little tiny microphone,
but I was outside in the wind talking to my mom on it
and she heard me just fine.
I've got to say this.
There's Justin TV chat and there's our chat at Orange Laundry Radio.
Mac Man's making smart ass comments in both.
He says in the Justin TV chat, echo 123 is for wussies.
Call in with no sure quality test.
Hell, don't even buy a microphone.
You, sir, are part of the problem.
But he says in chat at orangelaundryradio.com,
yo, I'm on my PSP.
Want to pick me up?
Want to pick me up?
Sorry, I just.
No.
No, I don't want to pick you up.
Can I do my story now?
Yes, you may.
Something that's even more retarded than Skype.
Uh-oh.
Well, then that microphone anyway.
Someone made an eye of judgment table
to make up for the fact that the camera is easily bumped into poor lighting.
So he takes this little table and builds a custom hardwood replica of the mat
and apparently it works just fine,
but I was like, people like this game enough to care?
Has that sold any more copies?
Oh, no, I don't think it has.
What is the latest update on the eye of judgment numbers?
Still hasn't broke another 100,000 or even 10,000.
Can we count table sales as part of the million?
Honestly, if you want to, go right ahead.
Before, I mentioned it in that thread because I was egging on people in there.
I said I'd be surprised if it surpassed 300,000 units.
But right now, it's really starting to flatten off.
I mean, it sold 4,000 units in the U.S. only in the last week or so.
All right, since now we are going to add table counts,
what were we at, 160,000?
Adding the tables, we're now up to 160,001
because that's how many of these tables will probably sell.
Well, it's just this guy that made it.
It doesn't say anything about it being retailed.
Oh, okay.
I mean, there's a comment on there that it would be retail ready
if they add like a cup holder,
but he just made this for himself.
So this is unacceptable.
Where am I going to put my drink on this table?
This guy's pretty hardcore to do something like that.
You've got to be a pretty hardcore Eye of Judgment fan.
This guy's name is Matt, and he plays as Havok.
Watch out for Havok.
And I'm just still boggled.
I guess if you like it enough and you want to do that,
I guess kudos to you.
But from my perspective, since I don't really care for Eye of Judgment,
I'm just like, okay.
I know, I'm always kind of like,
you could have built like a house for a cat or a dog.
But then I think about that I did actually have my place mat
that I made when I played Magic back in the day.
It wasn't a table.
It was a plastic mat.
It used to be the shit, now it's the crap.
All right, let's move on.
Please, before we get into Magic the Gathering talk,
please look at the same show.
Anyways, Sony's really trying to catch up with the whole Nintendo fad
of releasing consoles in different colors.
Now in Asia, you will be able to pick up a red PS2 system.
Also, what's kind of neat is, according to some FCC filings,
we're going to be seeing a white PS3 coming to the U.S. as well.
So, new colors, yay.
Because that's why people weren't buying your PS3.
It's because it wasn't white.
Because everyone knows that white consoles sell better, right?
That's why the 360 and the Wii are outselling the PS3.
It's all that black hate.
That's what it is.
People getting down on black consoles.
Wow. Dot, dot, dot.
I am inching away from Loki slowly.
Well, you know, they could also use the Saturn argument
because the Japanese Saturn was white and over here it was.
Yeah.
Okay, that was kind of dumb.
I can't get behind that argument.
But they're set to come out in Asia February 4th,
so if you really need to get your hands on a red PS2, I don't know.
There's other console sites out there that will sell colored PS2 systems
in almost any color of the rainbow that you want,
so do you really need to wait for this shit to import it?
And my God, seriously, it's the color of a console.
If you don't have a PS2 already, it's like, oh, damn,
I was really hoping for a red one.
Now my dreams can be realized at the end of the console cycle.
Portal Combat said a clear PS3 would be sweet.
It doesn't matter how many colors of these consoles you're going to release.
Okay, so the PS2 is selling lots and lots and lots of consoles.
PS3, not so much, you know, but I don't know.
It's just going to confuse people even more with the white console now.
Yet another skew.
What does it matter what it looks like as long as it's still the same piece of shit inside?
This one's white, but guess what it won't do this time?
Play Blu-ray movies or do something that's important.
It has no lefts.
I've never been more happy that we got our first day release than I am now.
Wow.
Sorry, I was looking for the clip on YouTube of the kid from Wondershosen going,
that's racist, but I couldn't find it.
So you'll just have to imagine it in your head.
I was able to find the white people song, but if you...
White people having fun.
Total domination.
Or global domination over everyone.
Wondershosen is so fucking hilarious.
Why did they stop doing that show?
She still sings the white people song.
I don't know, she likes the songs on it.
Animal dance, animal dance.
This is great.
I like the one where they show the tour of the hot dog factory.
I don't think this is the Wondershosen podcast, is it?
It's not, but I couldn't resist.
Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience.
Rob, insert, you know, train wrecks.
Alright, god damn. Alright, I'll get to it.
I'll get to it.
I know, seriously, we need an off-topic alarm.
I'm looking at this picture that someone in the chat room linked.
It was actdeft that linked it in the chat room.
And it's from Gyakuten Saiban, which is, you know, Phoenix Wright.
And it's two oranges with a banana sticking out of the middle.
Oh yeah, dark soccer, because you're so good at getting this show back on track.
I'm talking about a game.
I don't see what's so funny about citrus roots.
And it's our chat room that linked it, not me.
That means we have pervs in our chat room.
I like pervs.
There need to be more of them in the world.
Pervs are awesome.
Alright, let's get back into some other gaming news.
Hey, I did not derail the show.
They derailed it with wonder shows and whatever.
Look, Metal Gear Solid.
That'll always save a day, right?
Here's the thing, though.
It's actually the same old shit, but all over again.
And that is because, apparently, Playasia is taking preorders for a brand new Metal Gear Solid collection.
That's right, it's the Metal Gear Solid Essential Collection.
It'll set you back $34.90, and also $4 shipping and handling.
You will get with it Metal Gear Solid, Metal Gear Solid 2 substance, and Metal Gear Solid 3 subsistence.
Woohoo!
Or you can just wait and get it at any retail store for $29.99.
Or you could just, you know, borrow your friend's copy that they're not playing anymore.
It has new artwork.
That's the only difference.
And, of course, it all looks like the old artwork.
Because this style never changes.
So if you were waiting all this time to get Metal Gear Solid, now's your chance.
Now's your chance to get it in a couple months.
Alright, let's move on.
Can I really?
And are you going to bring up things that have absolutely nothing to do with video games this time?
I don't know, we'll see.
Soul Calibur 4!
They're bringing back three characters.
Yay, we get Maxie.
Who is cool, but I wish that he'd have his voice actor from the Dreamcast one.
Because he's actually one of my favorite voice actors.
And they're bringing back Sungmina and Yunsung.
So they're all back.
And two new stages, which one of them is a pirate ship.
Which, I wanted to say there was already a pirate ship in one of the earlier ones, but then it was just piratey music for Cervantes.
And an ice cave.
Dude, Yunsung or whatever his name is is a pirate. That's pretty awesome.
So is Maxie.
I like playing this and he's cool.
Maxie's also a pirate.
You know what else I have to say about this story, Jamie?
What?
Animal Dance!
All the animals are doing the Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Animals everywhere!
Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Animal Dance!
Look! Everybody's doing the Animal Dance!
That's the wonders of Wonderschosen.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
Yes.
You don't even get the full slew of Rob.
You just get two.
And Chris threw something at you for me.
Can we do another story now?
I'd like to apologize.
In other news, Rob is random and he's red now.
To everybody who's tuning into Orange Launch Radio for the first time, I'd like to apologize.
Did my roommate bring us food?
You're awesome.
Do I have to share it?
You can have two of them.
I don't want one because I'm full already.
I ate a whole sandwich.
Rob.
All right.
Thank you, though.
Then...
Then...
Okay.
Hello.
We're on the air.
No, I'm just kidding.
Hey.
If you hadn't seen how off topic we were, you would not be bored.
We were talking about animal dancing.
Okay.
Rob.
Pass it over.
Yes.
All right.
I'm...
Low key, please.
A video game subject or nobody's ever going to listen to the show again.
All right.
Well, a Final Fantasy 13 designer promises a demo for the game and promises that the
game will be out in 2008.
Which means that we'll have it sometime possibly before January 1st of 2009 unless of course
they're going to renege on the whole thing and say, you know what, yeah, we ran into
some delays.
So they can tell us whatever we want and that each copy's going to come in case with gold
and free women.
But, you know.
Never mind.
I don't want it anymore.
How about just loose women?
Yeah, I definitely don't want it.
Free Loose Women.
That'll be with the, what was it, the Fabula Nova Crystalis collection, which has the dumbest
name of the series.
It's called Final Fantasy 13.
Do we need to go crazier with the name?
It's worked for Final Fantasy 7, it's worked for Final Fantasy 10, it's worked for Final
Fantasy 10-2.
The only thing is, even if this does come out in 2008, which I highly doubt a creator
is promising it or not, it'll come out in 2008 in Japan and it'll take them nine months
to translate it for us.
What good is this going to do me?
That's okay though.
This is all about me.
I'm sure this is all the news that Sony needs to start playing it in their commercials for
the PS3 to get people hyped up to buy their system.
Although, to their credit though, they did remove Haze from there now and they still
have Metal Gear Solid, which doesn't look like it's coming out in the spring anymore,
I don't know.
Alright, let's move on so we can try and put this whole segment behind us and get out the
last few stories here, including, speaking of the PlayStation 3, Best Buy is clearing
out the 80 gigabytes.
That's right, there is an internal memo going around, quote, the 80 gigabyte version of
the PlayStation 3 is going closed out and won't be replaced at this time.
It will come off the planogram on January 28th.
The 60 gigabyte version should already be gone from stores.
Only the 40 gigabyte version of PS3 will be sold in Best Buy stores at this time.
This means that there currently isn't a version that is PS2 compatible.
At this time, Sony hasn't made any announcements about new products.
And I think as of this recording right now, they have sold out of the 80 gig system.
It's not even on their website anymore.
So are they going to, what, is Sony planning to put out a 120 gigabyte version?
How much you want to bet that they're phasing it out and the white PS3 is going to be another
40 gig and then they're going to make a black something or other that's, you know, another
system.
Or maybe they're phasing out...
Does this have to do with the whole thing on a somewhat related note about the cheaper
Blu-ray lasers now?
Maybe it might also have to do with the new systems going to have DualShock 3 controllers
in them now.
Maybe they're, you know, phasing out the 80 gig systems for that.
Also maybe they're going to stop offering MotorStorm for free, you know, I don't know.
I mean, you know, and even Microsoft's to blame for having a ton of different skews
for their products.
But seriously, the PlayStation 3 has been very confusing with what's available.
First it's the 60 and the 20.
And then the 20 goes away.
And then it's the 60 and the 80.
And then, you know...
They show absolutely no confidence in their product.
And then the 60 goes away.
And now it's the 80 and the 40.
And then the 80's going away.
And now it's the 40 and God knows what.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, anyhow, we're going to bring this Segment A to a close very soon.
I know it probably couldn't have come at a better time, honestly.
But first, we're going to take a trip down memory lane and close out Part A in a dignified
manner.
Because that's what we need to do.
And we're going to do that by paying a little bit of respect to our elders by taking a moment
to acknowledge a classic game of the week.
And it comes to us from the one and only, Dark Sakura.
So what game this week, Dark Sakura?
The game of the week is Akumajo Dracula X Chi No Rondo, which is Dracula X Rondo of Blood.
And um...
Nice.
As a lot of people know, it was recently re-released for the PSP.
But I'm not talking about the PSP one.
And actually, the other clip that I liked had the better music.
Oh, sorry.
This one loaded first.
I played this.
Yeah.
The other one in particular, because it was new music that was for that game.
It was the theme Bloodlines, which was the theme of Richter Belmont, which is the character
that they brought in this, who was also in Symphony of the Night, which came out in Japan
as Nocturne in the Moonlight.
This is the predecessor to that game, because you actually start off Symphony of the Night
as Richter at what's supposed to be the end of this game, when he fights Dracula.
And of course, the music I have linked is from the PC Engine Duo Disc, which was all
Redbook audio.
You can actually put it in your CD player and listen to it, although it's just the cool
thing where if you put it...
Because I don't know if anyone ever did this with Symphony of the Night.
If you put it in your disc and try to listen to it, you get a warning.
This is a PlayStation Black disc.
If you listen to the game track, it will blow up speakers.
I had the same thing on the Japanese one, too, on the PC Engine one, which I thought
was really cool.
But anyway, the game had little animated cut scenes.
I should say poorly animated cut scenes.
And also, the intro of it was done in German, and for old Listeners Reverse Show, I've actually
brought in my TurboGrafx, because you can play it on the US TurboGrafx, there's no country
you'd lock out.
But you can play...
This is classic Castlevania.
That was a long time ago.
In fact, if I do remember right, this is Super Castlevania IV, or the last traditional Castlevania
games that have come out.
All the rest of them have had that sort of Metroidvania format.
I love that term, Metroidvania.
This particular one, because of how, I guess, relatively rare it was on PC Engine, it's
really hard to find it for less than 150.
I have an original.
I had burdens for a long time, because my friend had an original.
We got ours because someone owed us 100 bucks and came back from the family game, which
I thought was pretty freaking cool.
It also had, and now this did have a version of it on the Super Nintendo that was not...
And a lot of people said, oh, it wasn't all that great.
I actually enjoyed the Super Nintendo one.
Not me, I don't like it.
Not compared to the TurboGrafx, or, you know what I mean, this first version, PC Engine.
This one, the cool thing about it is that as you went through, you had different routes
that your story would take.
Like if you rescued Maria, you can play as her.
As I understand, she was supposed to be playable in Symphony of the Night, as well as two other
levels that they never completed, but on the Saturn version, you can play as her.
And all of her attacks are there.
She threw birds for her attack, and her special weapons were a dragon, a kitten, a turtle
shell, and another type of bird that came out, which translated actually to the, I guess,
four major gods in the Saturn version that came out later.
But also she gets this uber cutesy ending, and it was crazy.
The other funny thing about this is that because it had to run on the arcade card 3, if you
didn't have an arcade card 3 in, it actually had Dracula X Stage X, which was done in really
bad sort of rendered looking bubble figures, and it went through all this that way.
Also a lot of the enemies in this game were original for this one and showed up in a lot
of the later series too.
You had the Pikemen, which were I think the most single annoying characters ever.
They're the ones who stand on the ledge and drop a pike down on you, and they were hard
to get past.
This game right here to me is the top of the series.
And I think that Symphony of the Night, or not Turn in the Moonlight, it expanded on
what this game started.
I'd agree.
To a point.
I think Symphony of the Night exceeded it a little bit, but we wouldn't have Symphony
of the Night if it weren't for this, so you have to respect the elders.
And of all of the series, as far as I'm aware, well these two are linked together.
This one and Symphony of the Night are the only games to carry the actual Dracula X logo.
I love this from actdeft in chat.
What is a podcast?
A miserable little pile of hosts.
But enough of that.
Have at you.
Winner.
And it was, there's actually several remixes that were in this one from some of the previous
games too.
Some of the little music clips carried over.
And yeah, this one, if you can find an original, good luck.
But other than that, this is probably, that's a scary little noise that thing makes.
But I'd have to say of all of the, this is probably one of my top five games.
F.R.
F.R.
Alright, well, there you have it, your classic game of the week for the PC Engine, Dracula
X.
I also think the bad guy is funny because his name is Shaft.
What you talking about?
Alright.
He wears a bonnet in Symphony of the Night.
I think now is a good time for us to take a break.
So we're going to do that.
Try to get past a little bit of the randomness we've had this segment.
Although a little randomness is healthy.
Come on.
If we didn't have the randomness, we'd be just another boring old podcast.
Same old thing.
Same old news you can read on the blogs, right?
Randomness is what makes us us.
So thanks for sticking with us and the craziness.
We'll be back in a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
