Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, January the 20th of 2008 for Part B of our program.
If you have not yet listened to Part A of Orange Lounge Radio, you should go do that because we talk a lot about the official Smash Brothers delay.
We talk about a possible new Kid Icarus game on the Wii and WiiWare and porn and HD DVD that they're no longer going to be doing that and so on and so on.
Let's get back into some regular gaming news. Start off with Loki.
Well, this isn't the first time we've heard this rumor, but apparently Duke Nukem 3D is supposed to make its way onto Xbox Live Arcade at some point within the next several months.
This comes from a developer's interview that they had on IGN and basically they gave the timeframe.
Within the next several months, it will feature four-player online co-op and eight-player online deathmatch.
I don't know. I'll believe it when I see it type thing.
If it is, they may show it at E3 or something like that because it would have to be kind of done.
It's hard for me to trust anything 3D Realm says in the realm of release dates because Duke Nukem Forever is taking forever.
I really hope this rumor is true, though. I love me some Duke Nukem, too.
It would be even better if some of the expansions and the homemade stuff come out as downloadable stuff.
I hope the build editor comes with it because that would be awesome.
Wasn't there voice macros?
Oh, yes. Being able to make your own voice macros would be awesome.
Wasn't there a Duke Nukem in Washington, D.C. mod or something? I still remember having that on CD at one point.
Yeah. I love Duke Nukem.
Dunu is great. I have so many memories of playing that in a college dorm via the modem.
Oh, yeah.
That was awesome. You're laughing, Nathan. Did that inspire what's a modem?
What are you, 12?
I'm just kidding. No. They let you...
All right. So, yeah. Duke Nukem. I really hope that's true that it's coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, but it could be just another dirty rumor.
But then this is where I normally say, stop working on Duke Nukem 3D and finish Duke Nukem Forever, dammit.
No. No. This will all allow.
As long as they don't screw it up. If it's just like a boring old port...
It's going to be a boring old port. It's going to look just like Doom.
Remember how awesome Doom was when it came out? We're like, ooh, Doom. Ooh, we can play Deathmatch on Doom.
And then something else came out and we completely forgot about Doom?
Seriously, is anyone still playing Doom? I don't think so.
Well, the problem with Doom is that the multiplayer didn't play that great. At least when I was playing on Xbox Live, the multiplayer was really laggy.
But I had a lot of fun with Doom the week it came out, and then it kind of went away.
Yeah, like the day it came out.
All right. Well, let's move on with some other gaming news, talking about Xbox Live still.
But this time, talking about Rock Band. And Rock Band, of course, gets a lot of download content.
The last segment, we were talking about some download content for SingStar on the PlayStation 3.
But now talking about the download content for Rock Band, Xbox.com has posted spoilers on their website for the upcoming packs.
Because unlike last year, EA Harmonics has not been announcing a lot of stuff in advance.
They also retracted them after they announced them.
Did they?
Yeah, but still. If Xbox.com posted it, I would think there's some type of legitimacy to that.
Well, they took it down because it was OMG Spoilers. That's what it was.
But anyway, on January 22nd, an Oasis pack is coming out with the songs Don't Look Back in Anger, Live Forever, and Wonderwall.
That would make you relive the 90s all over again, getting to play Wonderwall.
I'd rather not, thank you.
On January 29th, the Progressive pack comes out. Both packs will set you back 400 points.
Or you can buy the songs individually in the Progressive pack.
Rush with Working Man, but it's a cover.
Coheed and Cambria with 10 Speed, that's also a cover.
Smashing Pumpkins with Seva, not a cover.
Also a fabulous way to relive the 90s. That was like their first single ever.
So if you think the new Smashing Pumpkins stuff is sucky, you can go back and relive the good old days of the Smashing Pumpkins.
And that's all we know until February. So, rock band content coming soon to Xbox Live.
Well, for Guitar Hero 3, there's also some new downloadable content.
We get Foreigner. Ooh.
Well, okay, you get Jukebox Hero.
And Journey is Any Way You Want It and Boston's Peace of Mind.
Yes! Journey!
I'm more about Boston right now, but I don't know. There's better songs! Why those?
At least we're not getting hot-blooded.
But it's Journey. It's awesome. I thought Journey had something against Guitar Hero and rock band because their music wasn't showing up.
And I was like, where's the Journey? And now it's coming out and that makes me very happy.
Well, I think that all three of these songs are also in rock band, I want to say. I know Jukebox Hero is.
Jukebox Hero is, yeah.
And I know that there's another Boston song that's in rock band. I don't think this is it. Anyway.
So, we're getting old rock.
You know, if you play Boston backwards on a record, it tells you to worship Satan.
That is not true.
That's from Little Nicky. Stop spreading lies on the internet.
You're one of those, but yeah, that's my job.
So, speaking of another, well, more music-related stuff.
Supernova 2, the new DDR game, has finally had an arcade version come out in the US.
The first machine, apparently, is at In the Zone in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
According to people that have seen the machine, it's got 33 songs available in the Supernova 2 category at the start.
You know, all the other fun stuff. No EMUs support right now.
And also, I guess when you play the nonce upcourses, you can put your name and state in there and record all the information.
I don't know. I'm excited that there's a new DDR, although it's not near us.
I don't know. I already told you how I feel about DDR and I got in a little trouble for it,
but I was looking at the video of all the new songs that they have in Supernova 2 and I'm just kind of like,
it's just the same thing with some new songs.
It needs to be another Max 2. They need another Max 2 to come out, basically.
Remember what they were doing with the remix songs that were in the ONI courses and stuff like that,
and that was exciting, hearing, oh my god, that remix is cool, and that kind of thing, and the way they teased that.
With these DDR mixes that come out, they don't really tease them or do anything at all.
It's just kind of like, DDR, here we go, enjoy.
Oh, another DDR. Enjoy. They don't hype it up any.
It's like, ah, no one cares anymore, so we don't either. Just throw it out.
They need to give DDR a swift kick in the booty and put something new in it to make me want to go back to the arcades.
Irene, I know you've been a long-time DDR fan. What do you think of where the series is going?
I don't know. It's kind of dropped off the face of the earth. It's kind of like, I don't know, Debbie Gibson or something.
It's just like, oh, hey, there's DDR. I mean, I'd play it if it came here just to try it out, but that was kind of,
I stopped playing DDR years ago, so I don't know, maybe the new kids like it, the younger kids that were our age when we started.
Maybe they'll get into it.
Stop dating me and yourself.
But Rob, I love you.
Not that. You know what I mean.
No, I know, but I mean, I'd have to play it. I don't know. I'm not as excited.
I was excited probably when Fourth Plus came out and Fifth Mix.
That was like the height of my DDR day right there, but I don't know. I just don't care anymore.
Let's see. I'm looking at our chatroom, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
SSJ100Matt says, Konami never cared.
DJ Genai says, DDR needs the RE4 upgrade.
RosteelUT says, DDR Star Wars edition. That would work.
No.
See, that's partially why I think DDR is hurting right now is because they keep putting out this crap, like hottest party and all this stuff.
It's just absolute shit.
They should make a 12 player mode with peripherals.
That'd be great. I get the Resident Evil chainsaw again.
No, but seriously, they could make some really elaborate cabinet that was four player, have a quad mode or something like that in the arcade.
That would be different.
Even Animaro gets behind Pump It Up and they kind of hype it up and have little teaser videos and shit on the internet.
Konami doesn't do anything. It's just like, oh look, it's DDR.
Even with BeatMania, it's like, what's it matter? We're going to release another one in a few months anyway.
I know. It's like they think it's some kind of self advertising franchise.
Like, we already have a fan base built in. We don't need to advertise it, blah blah blah.
But like, put the word out to the people who stopped playing. Excite us about it. Otherwise, why should we give a shit?
Alright. Like I said, just reinvent DDR. Make it competitive. I'll be all over that game again.
Just, you know, just start from scratch.
You know what DDR needs? A new producer.
Like, I don't know, maybe there has been one, but they need to bring someone in there with some fr- I mean, no offense to the guy that's been there.
Because, you know, obviously he created a wonderful franchise, but just bring in some new blood.
That's what it needs. Some new blood.
We are starting over, right?
Alright, anyhow, something else that you can get your music fixed through, not DDR, but the other type.
The orchestral. Nice, live, take in the music type thing.
Like, remember Dear Friends, the Final Fantasy concert?
Well, of course, one of the other big tours that goes around is Tommy Tallarico's Video Games Live.
And Video Games Live has been going for, like, two years straight.
They ain't stopping anytime soon. They've added 40 shows throughout the globe this year.
They're going to be doing some shows at Game Developers Conference, Comic Con, Leipzig, Mexico.
They're going to be doing all these different shows just all throughout the world.
You can look at the full list at the website for Video Games Live, which I believe is videogameslive.com.
Specifically, you can go to videogameslive.com slash dates.
They're actually doing one on a cruise ship, which I think is pretty awesome.
Carnival Cruises, November 14th, 2008.
The Navigator Cruise gets the Video Games Live concert. That's kind of cool.
As for concerts taking place near us, because I'm selfish and I want to look at stuff in NorCal.
February 22nd of 2008, San Francisco, California at the Nob Hill Masonic Center to collate with Game Developers Conference.
So if you want to catch that.
And if you want to take a little bit of a drive, San Diego on July 24th, 2008 at the Embarcadero Marina Park.
And there's supposedly going to be some more dates announced that haven't quite locked down the venues yet,
including Anaheim, California and Los Angeles, California.
Dude, Jamie. Anaheim, California.
Disneyland.
Disneyland slash Video Games Live.
Wouldn't that be the best trip ever?
Let's go.
Let's do it.
I'd rather go to E3.
I would like to go to E3, but we'll see.
Anyhow, so there you have it. Video Games Live. That'll be fun.
I have not been yet.
Some of my friends throughout the internet, such as, you know, we're good pals with Bobby Blackwell at all games.
He goes, he enjoys the show.
I think he's going all the way to Orlando to see a show.
And he lives in Atlanta, so that's a little bit of a trip for him.
Disney World!
Yeah, I know! It's even better!
God, guys. So one-track minded.
Well, you know what? Disneyland's fun.
Loki, you need to come to Disneyland with us sometime.
I've been to Disneyland and it's just like, ooh, yay!
Did you go to Disneyland in the 90s, though?
Because it was kind of junky.
That was before they started doing all the renovation.
I went there when they were building California.
So you went during the days of Suck.
Yeah, I went there when they had the rocket rods and I got to ride them before they ripped them out
because some idiot jumped off the rocket rods and killed themselves
the same way they killed themselves.
That never made any sense to me whatsoever.
Oh, well, we'll get rid of the people movers because someone fell out of it and died.
Let's put something faster there instead.
That'll be better.
The rumor is rocket riders are coming back.
We'll see.
The rocket rides are awesome.
I've also been hearing a rumor that the next rock in the parks they're doing is Aerosmith.
Nice.
Would it be Space Mountain again in California?
Space Mountain and California Screamin'.
Rawr! That sounds great.
Anyway, sorry. We turned it into the Disney cast for a minute.
Jamie, please take the show back on track.
Okay, so Devil May Cry 4.
There is a rumor that there will be an online demo available on January 31st.
And this is actually because there was a little bit of text left on
that was actually removed from the downloadable version
that was saying it would be out, and of course it's going to be out in Japan on the 31st
and out a week later in North America and Europe.
But is it going to happen?
And these were on two Capcom websites that had it on there.
So is it true? Is it not?
Did someone just screw up?
It'll have to be around that time anyways because it comes out the week after that.
It makes sense.
Jinx.
Your mom.
Oh, you showed me.
She wins, Rob. She said your mom.
Aw, damn. All right.
What are you going to do now?
I like how Jamie said that off the mic.
I'm going to repeat. She goes, I like your mom.
I do.
Just to clarify, I do like your mom.
Your mom's cool.
My mom is cool.
She'd make pies too.
Maybe Nathan and my mom can have a pie baking contest.
You guys can make me Easter cookies together.
All right, forget it.
Anyway, let's move on.
More game news, please.
Well, something else that's coming out on Xbox Live Arcade pretty soon is N Plus.
If you may not be familiar with N, N is that freeware game that used to be available out
there where you play a ninja and you jump around collecting gold.
And it's very fucking hard.
Well, the new game, of course, which is going to be I think on both Xbox Live Arcade and
PlayStation Network, will feature multiplayer as well as a level editor and other fun stuff.
It doesn't mention yet when it's coming out, although pretty soon because apparently it's
already, I guess, passed their certification.
So, hooray.
Oh, that's a pretty fun game.
It will be available also on PSP and DS at some point pretty soon too.
Although, if you want to play the full PC version, which is free, you can go to, this
is kind of funny, www.harveycartel.org, that's H-A-R-V-E-Y...
Wait, like the actor from Reservoir Dogs and the piano and...
Well, it's Cartel.
Okay, never mind.
H-A-R-V-E-Y-C-A-R-T-E-L dot org slash meta net slash downloads dot HTML.
And you complete the full game there.
It's pretty fun.
Lots of challenge though, so.
Yay.
So is it going to be worth, because N right now is free, right?
Is it going to be worth the money to get it on Xbox Live, you think?
I think it's going to be fun because it's going to have the multiplayer and stuff in
there.
And they're going to have new levels.
There was a contest for people to make levels and put it in the game.
So, no, those are going to be in there and you get achievements.
Alright.
Well, also coming to Xbox Live, a free game.
That's right, a free game to apologize and say we're sorry that our servers suck during
Christmas.
Apparently they're not that sorry.
Please don't sue us.
Yeah, because the free game we're getting is Undertow.
Not a new game, a game that was already out, but you will be able to download it for a
limited time for free.
I believe it starts Wednesday at 2 o'clock in the morning Pacific time and ends on Sunday.
So you have about a three day period, roughly, to get the game.
And supposedly, if you already have purchased the game, if you call the 1-800 for my Xbox,
they're supposed to be able to do something for you.
Like maybe give you the points back or they won't say, will they?
Because they don't want everybody to rush them.
That kind of makes me mad that you can do that because I got screwed with the Carcassonne
thing because I bought Carcassonne and then they gave it away free during Live's anniversary,
but whatever.
I, you know, I have no interest in this game, but I'll download it because it's free.
Yeah.
But it's just, it's kind of fucked up.
I'd rather have like, you know, a free month of Live or something.
It would have been a lot cheaper for them too, but.
The demo was kind of fun.
I'll look at it.
I mean, I wasn't super into it, but maybe I'll look at it again.
You're right.
I'll grab it while it's free.
Why not?
You know, it's on the hard drive.
And, quite frankly, they didn't really OS anything to begin with, I don't think.
No.
I think this little thing got blown way out of proportion.
So, it's kind of like, you know what, if you had your hopes up, it's your own damn fault.
It was still kind of spotty.
Like, I guess I hadn't played on Live since like New Year's or something because I had
to recover my gamer tag from, I think, year 360.
And, it had trouble doing that.
I had to do it like three or four times before it finally worked, which sucks because for
whatever reason, the download that like six megs is your gamer tag, it takes like a half
an hour.
That is crazy.
It's not fucking slow, but yeah.
I'm looking to see what our chat room thinks at chat.orangelountradio.com.
Let's see, Son of Dad.
I wanted Res.
Act Def seems to think that Res will be up this week.
I hope that's true.
Actually, that may be true because I think they said Res was coming out in January and
there's only one more week in January, right?
No, two more.
No, two more.
All right.
So.
We'll see.
I thought this week was, didn't they already announce the games for this week, I thought,
already?
I don't know.
Did you check out the game that came out last week, the bunny puzzle game or whatever it
was?
It looks stupid.
It was okay.
It's pretty much, there's a game just like it, Magical Drop on the Neo Geo.
It's almost just like Magical Drop but with bunnies and you can run up the sides too.
That was the other little innovation is that you don't just have to throw the bunnies from
the bottom, you can go to the sides, which is kind of weird.
It adds a new element to it but, I don't know, anyway, sorry, I got a little off track but
I realize I never talked about it during my game.
I was going to check out Omega 5 maybe but Omega 5 is awesome.
You got to check that out.
That's definitely worth a look.
If you like shooters at all, like if you miss the days of UN Squadron or if you like the
newer ones or whatever, check it out.
Do it.
All right.
So, Undertow for free.
Be sure to take a look this week.
Highlander game, actually I'm sort of interested in is the Highlander game that's coming out
that you play as Owen McLeod, who is a gladiator and found out he was an immortal that way.
Go fig.
Going through different times from the ancient days to modern day and got a lot of people
that you meet and a lot of people you kill and it's supposed to be really, really gory.
But part of it is that you're using his ability to not die and to regrow and regenerate bits
and pieces so you can stab yourself to kill someone behind you.
That sounds actually kind of cool.
Jump off buildings.
One of the things mentioned on here is act as a conductor for high voltage electrical
current.
So, it's pretty cool.
You get 77 characters to meet, 18 missions and full cities and you can use zip wires
and that type of thing.
And did I say gory?
Because it's supposed to be gory.
This game sounds epic.
You just know something's going to go wrong though.
It's too good on paper.
Well, it's PS3, 360 and PC.
And it's made by Eidos.
They did give us Tomb Raider.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Hey, the original Tomb Raider was pretty awesome.
The second one was the best because you could make her explode.
I do agree.
The second one was the best.
You could break her neck and lock that annoying butler in the lock-in freezer.
Now Jamie, is this game going to be multi-platform?
That's what I just said.
Oh, but Jamie, there can be only one platform.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
If you like that joke, you can PayPal me some money.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Good.
Alright.
This game sounds epic.
Again, I hope it's as cool as it sounds.
That's all I can say.
We'll see.
Anyways, it doesn't sound very cool to me.
Prototype.
Now that sounds like a cool game.
It's like Grand Theft Auto and Mutants.
RasteelUT in our chat room would like to point out, hey, Tomb Raider Legend and Anniversary
were awesome.
Sure, they were.
I didn't like the one on 360, whatever that was, a new one, but you know, different strokes
for different folks, right?
You could, everybody's welcome to their opinion, even if they're wrong.
Well, this is a game that we've been waiting to come out for quite a while now.
Spore is, they announced at Macworld that it will be coming out on the Mac with a simultaneous
release on the PC, so awesome.
They can get to play that game, at least, whenever the hell it decides to come out.
I think second quarter, hopefully no later than that.
I'm excited for Spore, yes.
I hope no later than second quarter, either.
I will be creating the Urken Empire.
You know what's interesting?
There's a thread going on in our forums, if you go to our website, www.orensonshortradio.com,
there's a thread in our forums for the most overhyped and most underhyped games of 2008,
and somebody had made a post saying they believed that Fallout 3 was underhyped, which the marketing
probably just hasn't kicked in yet, I'm sure there'll be more later on, but that Spore
was overhyped, and I kind of looked at that and went, dude, Spore's not hyped enough,
in my opinion.
Like, maybe Spore is hyped within the gaming industry, but I mean, I don't know if our
poster, everybody's welcome to their own opinion, I don't know if the poster saw what I saw
at E3 and stuff, but the game looks amazing.
I think it's going to be deserving of the hype.
I hope so, but the problem is that now my bar is set really high for the game, so if
it isn't that good, I'm going to be disappointed, which kind of sucks for EA and the people
who made Spore, but I guess it's kind of cool, it's going to be a hybrid game, you know,
Mac people complain they don't get enough games, so there you go, EA loves you, so there
you have it.
So, by the way, Loki, I find it interesting that you're doing a report on Macworld, did
you keep tabs on what happened at Macworld?
Yeah, they announced a really crappy laptop that happens to be really thin, but has no
sort of optical drive on it at all, it has one USB port, and so if you want to actually
use your DVDs or anything like that, you know, you're kind of fucked, you have to buy a $99
drive for it, or you can use it, connect wirelessly to another computer that doesn't suck, probably,
and use its optical drive, I'm sorry, but that's, oh, and $1700, awesome, good job,
Steve, you really know what the consumer wants, crap for lots of money, hooray, but I'm sure
all you people will go out there and spend your hard-earned money on this piece of shit
and wait for the next redesign to come out for it.
Loki took my bait, ladies and gentlemen, he can send those cards and letters to loki at
orangeontrader.com.
I mean, it's cool that it's really thin and it has a long battery life on it, but
okay, so, like, crap, that whole thing in the envelope, like, putting it in an interoffice
envelope, that's kind of rad, that's like Mission Impossible right there, is what that
is.
That's cool, okay, granted, I know it's cool and I know that they're really pushing
for e-distribution stuff in the iTunes and all that kind of stuff, but as a consumer,
say you want to play Spore, you can't install it because there's no optical drive, what
the fuck, I mean, come on, create some really thin optical drive for it, make it a little
bit thicker.
Alright, I'm turning this car around, we've got to get back to the gaming news before
the Apple fans bombard us with their hate mail, I love you, Apple fans.
Street Fighter Online, there's some more news coming out about this, remember, they
licensed out the rights to do a Street Fighter game to make this whole Street Fighter Online,
but it's mouse-controlled.
Well, this is a whole different game than those other Street Fighter characters that
were going to be in an MMO.
Right, no, yeah, this is a whole other thing.
I thought we reported on this earlier where it had been licensed out to another company
that was going to make a Street Fighter Online game for the PC, but it's going to have mouse
controls, and you slide left and right to move the character, you left-click and right-click
to do different attacks, and of course if you do mouses and certain combinations and
click you do the special attacks.
That's dumb.
That could be very interesting, I have no idea how that's going to be.
But really, we need to be talking about the other features that are super awesome about
this game.
Like what?
You really need to like, you know, put pictures of your pets in the corners of the game.
That's pretty awesome.
Little taunts with your cat, you know, you can have like ceiling cat, you know, and stuff
like that.
Ceiling cat is watching you lose a fight, I don't know.
Apparently, the whole object of the game is that you're fighting Revoltec toys.
That is an actual line of toys, so.
And they have the toys for this too, that you can buy.
Nice.
Is that your very own Chun-Li doll?
Yes.
Awesome.
Well the game is going to be going into beta in the next couple months, March-ish, February-ish.
The full game is supposed to come out in April, but that's for Japanese players.
For you folks not in Japan, don't know what to tell you just yet, there's no news.
But what we do have some news on is the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us your emails to mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com, and lovely
Dark Sakura rips open the mailbag, picks a few of her favorite emails and reads them
right here on the air.
So for you Justin TV folk that can't see Dark Sakura, she's the mysterious woman off-camera.
We have our element of mystery here on the program.
She's the voice for Justin TV.
Okay.
Alright, anyhow.
Here it is, the mailbag.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
I can't read the whole track.
So uh, hello Dark Sakura, Skye, and other dude.
Haha, poor other dude.
That's fine, I'm other dude.
Nathan, you're already getting mails.
What do you think?
Hey, other dude.
Good job.
Welcome to the show.
Forget it.
I love the show, but here's the reason it has been a craptacular day because some idiot
in my human growth class stole my PSP slim which had a Japanese firmware with Skype on
it.
It was my alternative to a cell phone, and my flash drive was stolen and it had my podcast
for OLR, one of the most current ones up to date, and I feel so much angst to say F you
to people who steal and bullying people, plus the stupid kid, his name is, I'm not gonna
say his name.
It was during the search for my flash drive in my yearbook, this kid had weed in his bag
along with some cocaine in his underwear with my PSP in there.
Kids today?
Jesus.
I'm in high school, which is considered, which I'm considered the geek, and I have a website
worthy of going to geeky things for girls and guys.
It's ThinkGeek.com.
Okay.
Well, the background video for Potsylvania Dances and Choruses is like seen from Advent
Children.
I'm also a hardcore DDR fan, and I have every title made, but did you know that Konami had
Game Boy versions of DDR and Beatmania?
Yes, I did know that, and I actually have two of the DDR Game Boy releases with the
stupid little pad that's supposed to go on top of them.
I actually kept an old Game Boy just so that I could still play my version of DDR Game
Boy, which sucked, by the way.
I love the portable aspect of this, but StepMania has a recording on the PSP called PSP Revolution,
but that's how much I know that Hannah Montana is great, but nobody's perfect.
Okay.
This is a good song on DDR Disney Channel Edition, but I do agree that the playlist
is going downhill to the mainstream crap.
Okay, only our emails would go from Cocaine in Somebody's Underwear to DDR Disney Channel.
What the...
WTF?
LOL.
There's no punctuation.
The only periods in this are used in a URL.
It's like the run-on sentence that doesn't die.
Maybe he wrote it on his PS...
No, his PSP got stolen.
I don't know.
They had to have found it.
They found it in the guy's underwear.
They found crack in his crack.
Like Hilary Duff in Fallout Boy, that I don't keep it go...
Okay, I'm saying put in a song like...
Okay, okay, whatever.
You know what?
I'm sorry.
The point of this letter is to say don't put mainstream crap in there and don't steal PSPs.
Thank you.
Thank you for our lesson of the week.
And he's also a first-person shooter and RPG fan in Boredom and says help.
Well, I would say if your PSP hadn't been stolen, you should get Popola Cross, because
that was a good game.
Orange Launch Radio would like to urge our listeners to not steal PSPs.
That's not a nice thing to do for you.
Or put cocaine in your underwear.
Yes.
Everybody knows you put it in your jacket in the inside liner.
You gotta...
I'm just kidding.
You put it in envelopes and send it to people who say it's anthrax.
Okay.
Look, if you want to go to Mexico with that shit someday, you're going to have to learn
how to put it in your body cavity.
So there you go.
Oh, and this person was called, um, as soon as kind of the email server was acting up.
Punctuation Man.
DS Master 25.
Which is like, it sounds like an old AOL screen name.
Wait, wait, wait.
DS Master?
Uh-huh.
So the guy had his PSP...
I'm sorry, it sounds like I'm making fun of the guy, and I'm not, but you have to understand,
the story is like completely crazy.
Maybe he's a fan of Dungeon Siege.
He talks about how much he misses his PSP and he's DS fan.
But I'm bummed.
Okay.
Next email.
Maybe he's a fan of Dark Sakura.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
There it is.
No, that's not going to be it.
No, that can't be it.
Whatever.
Can I read the next email, Rob?
Yes, you may.
Okay, stop.
Love you.
Stop it.
You're all red in the face and you look scary.
This is from Recimo.
Hey, guys!
Hi.
I've emailed before regarding the PSN.
I've heard Lucky say that he's waiting for the PSN cards because he doesn't like the
idea of using his debit account to buy games.
I personally like the option because it's more convenient since you don't buy the games.
How about game sharing?
Many people forget that PSN games can be shared with up to three other people, so I can give
you a copy of Super Stardust HD.
How about Tekken Online or Everyday Shooter?
It's a relatively easy process and I'd be happy to share my games with you.
So add Recimo to your friends list and we'll talk.
Now, basically, here's why I don't want to...
I'm waiting for those cards is because I'm cheap and I just use a lot...
I get a lot of free games that I turn in the GameStop and get store credit, so I buy those
points cards with store credit and that's why, so I don't actually spend money on it.
That's a good idea.
All right.
Also, I just asked my sister to buy me the Eye of Judgment for Christmas.
I'm not into card games at all, but I really wanted to get the eye camera and in the process
helped Loki realize his dream of becoming Tingle for a day.
Never going to happen.
Never going to happen.
I love how we've probably driven sales of the Eye of Judgment more so than any other
game in all our history.
Great.
It's still under cheese big time.
We've had guests on to promote Geometry Wars, to promote DDR, to promote...
I don't hear about people going, yeah, I ran out and bought the 24 of the game because
you were talking about it on your show and gave a copy away.
No, we sell copies of the Eye of Judgment because there's this remote possibility that
will never freaking happen that Loki may dress up in a Tingle suit if you can tell a million
of your friends to buy this game.
It will never happen as I've looked at the sales charts.
It's starting to flat out and in fact in Japan, they only sold a couple hundred units the
other week so it's just going to bottom out and you'll never ever hit one million.
DJ Genai now calls it the Brown Eye of Fudgement.
Can I finish reading this email please?
Yes, you may.
Sorry.
The iCreate software is pretty cool as well.
I can create videos and photos with special effects and edit them.
I can store as much as five gigs of video on the hard drive.
I attached a little video of my goddaughter playing the great 1000 mile rally arcade machine
that I recorded with the iCamera.
Next time I'll have her play that Street Fighter II machine that I just bought.
She loves my Pac-Man the most.
Lastly, I manage a 7-Eleven in Virginia and was listening to the show on my PSP.
I made the mistake of listening to the show last week while drinking coffee and ringing
up a customer.
Lo and behold, Loki brought up the cow cooking George Foreman grill and I laughed and spat
coffee at my customer's face.
Not good for business.
Luckily, it was one of my regular customers who forgave me on the condition that he didn't
have to pay for his merchandise.
Thanks for reading this email and also for putting such an amusing show week after week.
It's so strange to me the effect this show has.
Like this little tiny idea that we came up with on a Bart ride home from San Francisco
or whatever has caused drama at 7-Elevens now.
It's amazing.
What you can achieve.
Yeah, it's mostly Loki's fault.
I'll give him that.
Loki, stop making people spit coffee at customers.
It's not nice.
Yeah, really.
Oh yeah, it's my fault.
And just to let you know, I am going to download this when we're not in the middle of broadcasting
so that we can see your daughter play a video game.
Or your, sorry, was it goddaughter?
Yeah.
Play video game.
Next email.
Dun dun dun.
Hey, OLR, I was happy to hear Jamie got a Ninja Pass as I openly endorsed DS piracy.
I would be happy to send you a bunch of DVDs loaded with DS backups.
500 games in total.
I've also hacked a PS2, PSP, and iPod.
Crack firmware on iPod games.
Should you really read this on the air?
From Ryan.
Oh, jeez.
You know, here's the thing about that.
I've looked at getting one of those R4s or the Ninja Pass or something like that, but
I've looked at the DS games and I'm like, there's not really anything I want.
It's just like, ooh, I could pirate all these games as the FBI is coming to Ryan's house
right now.
Oh, yeah.
We've narrowed it down to Ryan.
Let's find Ryan.
How many Ryans are there?
Oh, only a couple billion.
Well, wait a minute.
Ryan's not listening to this program.
There's probably only one.
We don't have that many listeners.
Well.
He emailed.
He didn't say he listened to the program.
He just emailed us.
IP tracking.
Let me see.
No.
But anyway, no.
The only reason I got my Ninja Pass was to play all of the games I don't want to import,
so that's why I have it.
Because anything that comes out in the US, if I want it, I just buy it.
My husband manages a game crazy.
By the way, I played, I forgot to mention, I played some of that Drawn to Life.
That game sucks.
It's not good at all.
Didn't you say that last week?
No, I bought Drawn to Life last week.
No, I'm pretty sure you reviewed it last week and said it sucked last week.
Well, it sucks.
It still sucks.
It still sucks.
News flash.
Here's your update on Drawn to Life.
Loki, what is the current update on Drawn to Life?
It sucks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
Sorry, Jamie.
Can I read?
Yes.
Please.
Okay.
Hey Skye, Loki, and DarkSakura, you guys are absolutely amazing, okay?
It's A-M-A-Z-I dash Z-I-N-G.
You stick out all over gaming podcasts with your unscripted humor and the gaming news
that we all want.
You know what's sad is I can't really share this show with like any, like, I feel, I don't
know, I want to say I kind of feel embarrassed to share this podcast with other like publishers
out there.
Hey, we'll promote your stuff.
And they listen to it.
No, thanks.
I don't think I want to be promoted on your show.
Yeah.
Sorry, Jamie.
Okay.
Blame him.
I am.
Can I read now?
Yes.
Okay.
I love how the mailbag segment always turns into how many times can we cut off Jamie with
a random tension?
How many times can I flip you off with my broken finger?
All right.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Having listened live only once, it was quite awesome to be a part of this show that I'd
only listened to before my PSP, even though I live overseas.
I wanted to bring up an interesting thing that I observed before.
Being an American living overseas, I have access to a few American stores.
In one of these in mid-November, I saw the orange box for PS3 on the shelves.
Not knowing the intended release date for this game at the time, I didn't know how big
of an opportunity this was since I can't find that friggin' game here anymore.
I wanted to know what you guys thought of that, and I had a little idea.
DarkSakura gets her classic game of the week, Sky gets to talk a lot, but Loki doesn't seem
to have anything special.
Since he likes to be quite the critic, why not give him a worsted game of the week segment
or something like that?
Loki is special.
It would give him a chance to blow off some steam lol.
I don't need steam to be blown off, and I don't want to do a worsted game of the week.
That's kind of stupid.
That's the worst idea of the week.
Poor listener.
Can I finish?
Yes.
Thank you.
Well, that's about it, again, an ego- Jamie, you have to admit that was funny.
I'm sorry.
You're like, can I finish?
Well, that's just about it.
Bob.
I hate you guys.
Anyway, well, that's about it, again, an ego plus plus to you guys for being- and being
15, I also wanted you to know that you appeal to quite a broad range of gamers as well.
Keep up the awesome work.
Wow, this person writes a very freaking good email for being 15, and this is from The Flawless
Bolt X.
P.S.
I bought myself an eye of judgment and even one for my friend on his birthday, so there's
two small footsteps towards what will be a hit on YouTube.
P.S.S.
Put more crap on the PSP website and never get tired of that-
No!
I will never!
It will stay the way it is.
It'll be as updated as E3 on PSP.
Which I think we finally let expire.
Now I have all those cards that advertise a site that no longer exists.
D'oh.
So, to keep on reading.
Dear OLR crew, this is Rama from Indonesia, I think- yeah, you've written to us.
Oh yeah, it says on here, duh.
It's been a while since my last email.
I keep listening to your great show and I enjoy it heavily.
To Sky, the only person that makes me laugh every time I hear you make jokes and comments
about game related content, keep getting crazy then.
To Loki, very intellectual, especially when you criticize game related content and your
mocking style.
I love that nobody gamers in my area can make such a mocking style that bad.
To Dark Sakura, the sweetest thing is when I enjoy your classic game of the week as I
am blind so I rely on listening to the music and sound effects from the games.
Thanks for bringing every background from the game you review.
By the way guys, this is some of my crazy projects during next year's holiday.
I recorded some game music with me playing a recorder.
Yes I love playing a recorder and I wish I could get a real flute to play.
And again, I'll download these when we're not broadcasting.
Everyone sent us movies this week.
Yeah, there's links on here.
These are probably silly and I know I'm not a good player, but please leave me comments
and I will add more songs to play, perhaps Dragon Force.
And Super Mario Galaxy, Chrono Cross, Ragnarok, hey I love Ragnarok.
More Chrono Cross, Lufia 2.
That's kind of old school.
That's pretty cool.
Well I'll leave these active in the email box and we'll check them out.
Last email, dun dun dun.
Dear Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki, I am a long time listener but first time writer slash
contributor.
I found your show when iTunes first started offering podcasts and OLR was one of my first.
Right then it was your abbreviated Orange Launch Radio To Go edition.
I unsubscribed for a while when I found out I just didn't have time to listen to all the
podcasts I was getting and yours was one of the longest.
But recently I found I can get away with listening to my iPod at work as long as my superiors
don't notice me on it all day and don't notice or call me on it and have resubscribed.
Now I listen to your show every week.
Anywho, for starters you'll notice that I've attached, I've included an attachment.
I love the fact that you use Weird Al's Dare To Be Stupid as the background music for your
stupid awards segment, but I find the lyrics distracting when I'm trying to listen to your
dialogue on top of it.
I've included an instrumental version of the song Taken from the Amish Paradise single
– I ripped the file myself so I know it's legit – in case you want to use it in future
segments.
That's cool.
Aw, that's nice of you.
Thank you.
It's still relevant.
Speaking of background music, where did you get the version of One Winged Angel you played
during last week's A Few segment?
I love the combination of orchestra and metal, and One Winged Angels is one of my favorite
game music cues, as I'm sure it is to many others, and I was wondering if you could hook
me up with a copy or at least put it to where I can find it for myself.
It's on the Advent Children soundtrack, but I'll take care of this later.
Stay tuned.
How does this song not inspire fear in the hearts of everybody everywhere?
So if I may continue.
Finally the biggest reason for me writing is to Rob and Jamie Minch.
I don't know if I'm going to say so much about this on air, but he works for Disney
World.
I'll leave it at that.
Well, nice.
We might have to come to your neck of the woods very soon.
Keep up the great work, and I will continue to listen to your weekly podcast as long as
I can get away with it.
Maybe one of these days I'll join the chat on the live show.
Sincerely, Justin the Claw.
P.S.
On a completely unrelated note, not to sound like a jerk, but I recall Rob referring to
a game as addicting.
When did that word become an adjective?
According to Merriam-Webster, addicting is a transitive verb.
Addictive would be the proper adjective form.
You're not the only one to do this.
It's become a common error in recent years and in professional publications.
I'm just surprised Jamie didn't jump on that.
I may be mistaken, but doesn't she pride herself on knowledge of proper grammar?
No offense, of course.
I'm just making an observation.
Yes, but it could also be an understood object.
Whatever, dude.
Don't hate just because I'm the most smartest radio host in the world.
I actually think that it has an understood object, therefore addicting could be correct.
Don't hate.
I'd say the game is addicting me, but me would not be necessary to say.
He learns something new every week here on Orange Lime's radio.
And Freeze Pop emailed us.
Really?
Just with updates to their shows.
Mike, are they coming to do a live show in the studio?
No.
Because you know we're going to have a musical guest here in a couple of hours.
The very first OLR musical guest live in studio in two weeks.
I'm so excited.
That's cool.
I will tell you who it is next week.
No, I won't.
Well, I'll tell you later.
Yes, I will.
In a private room.
Anyhow, so if that's it for the emails, I encourage more emails to come.
Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com is the place to send your emails.
Send us more, but try not to send us too many videos because then our email bag will blow
up and self-destruct.
So please don't do that.
And if you try to do it on purpose, we'll ban you.
Alright, now I know we've covered a lot of news, but there's still some huge news we
haven't even touched.
Right, Logie?
Definitely.
The most exciting news that could possibly ever be announced was announced this week.
Capcom has announced that they are remaking Bionic Commando, the old original 2D version,
and are releasing it on Xbox Live Arcade and the Playstation Network as Bionic Commando
Rearmed.
It looks fucking awesome.
It's going to have two player co-op in the game.
It's also going to have some new moves you can do, like you can pick up barrels and throw
them at people or pick up people with your claw and that kind of thing.
New weapons, like grenades and that kind of stuff, and new bosses, but it's basically
going to follow the original game.
This game looks so hot.
Like I know we're a radio show, so you can't really see the video, but you've got to go
seek out the video for this.
Everybody has it, right?
Yeah, pretty much everyone.
Every big video game site has it.
It looks so hot.
Like, that is the way you redo an old game.
I'm more excited about this than the actual 3D.
Me too, me too.
But supposedly, if you are looking forward to the 3D one, getting this game will unlock
the classic skin in the 3D one so that your dude isn't the new dreadlock guy or what.
He looks like the old school guy with the hair and everything.
That's cool.
That is great.
Jamie, are you excited about a new Bionic Commando?
As long as you can kill Hitler, I'm happy.
I'm pretty sure they probably changed him, right, to be politically correct?
Well, they could still be...
His name is now Heiler.
No.
Well, no, he was... he had a different name in the US one anyway, but it was still Hitler.
He looked like him.
They had Master... you know, Master D trying to...
Master D.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm excited.
I cannot wait to play this game.
I love the whole idea about you can pick up somebody with your claw and throw them.
That is awesome.
Very awesome.
Still no ability to jump, though.
Why does that make you laugh?
I don't know.
It's just like...
I love the fact that you can pick up someone with your claw, like, I don't know, it's just...
It's the claw.
The claw.
See, Justin the Claw would be all over a Bionic Commando game, you think?
All right.
Anyway.
If you're not into the claw, then maybe you're into the more black and white, modern-looking
game that kind of moves like an M.C.
Escher piece.
Of course, I'm talking about Echo Chrome, which is one of the games that's going to
be making its way to the PlayStation 3.
You might remember, I believe they showed this at Game Developers Conference last year.
This was one of their kind of, like, wow-em kind of games.
I don't remember if it was that or E3, but it was one of the games that people kind of
went and go, oh, Sony's kind of putting out some cool stuff.
It was E3.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
Well, anyhow, it's going to be up, finally, on March 19th.
That's going to be a PlayStation Network download on March 19th.
Only the PSP version had been given a date previously, but you can finally check this
out on March 19th, which, coincidentally, is the same day that you can actually check
out the PSP version.
And that looks like a pretty interesting puzzle game.
If I had a PS3, I'd check it out, but since I don't, I'm going to go over to Loki's and
check it out there.
Sound good, Loki?
Sure.
I'm crashing your party.
All right, so look for that, Echo Chrome.
Very cool.
Well, in other news, crap.
Really?
What kind of crap?
No, it was when I closed the mailbag, it closed my other Firefox window.
So I have to reload show roll.
Oh, that's okay.
We can wait.
You know what?
Give me a second.
I just bid on a Vectrex, by the way.
Cool.
You're going to buy a Vectrex?
Why?
Because someone in Stockton is selling one, and right now the bidding is up to 50 bucks,
and it comes with, like, 10 games.
But what do you want it for?
Just say you have to put it in my desk at work.
Dark Soccer is going to go on eBay and snipe you for that.
I don't care.
I'm going to watch it.
I'll do it, too.
I don't care if I win.
I don't win.
I'm not, like, that dead set on getting it.
I bought, like I said, that bit generations game, what's it called, Dot Stream.
It's up, by the way.
All right.
It will be.
Okay.
Well, there is a new compilation of games being put out by SNK.
It has 16 games on it.
It will be on PS2 and PSP, and it's going to be, let's see what's on here.
We have Top Hunter, Last Resort, Shock Troopers, Sengoku Burning Fight, Baseball Stars 2, Neo
Turf Masters, Super Sidekicks 3, and of course there's the original Metal Slug and Magician
Lord, but they're not on there.
Actually, yes.
Yes, they are on there, sorry.
We just can't make up our mind.
There are so many SNK classics to choose from.
They are all on there.
Excellent.
What is this for again?
It's a PSP.
PS2 and PSP.
Oh, nice.
That'll be fun to play on the PSP.
It's nice to see them putting together nice compilations since, you know, SNK doesn't
want to make any new games.
They've never done a compilation before.
Yeah.
They don't want to make new games.
I mean, what's this, like the E compilation that Metal Slug's been in?
SNK compilation?
Unheard of.
Unheard of.
Well, this isn't really a compilation, but Guitar Hero 3, they're going to be doing a
little contest on Super Bowl weekend where you can win basically during, I want to say,
on Sunday from 12 to 4 Pacific Standard Time.
You will be entered in a contest if you play multiplayer over live on Guitar Hero 3 where
you can possibly win a LG 50 inch 1080p flat panel plasma HDTV, an Xbox 360 Elite, and
a Boom Chair, which is a YFX wireless gaming chair.
A Boom Chair?
Yes, Boom Chair.
Also you may win a Guitar Hero guitar controller face plate signed by Slash and some other
crap including, I think, some points and whatnot.
But yeah, so that should be cool.
Actually they're saying, it looks like the event's going to go from February 1st through
the 3rd, so yeah, it's 72 hours, but I don't know why the significant part of Sunday, 12
to 4 isn't a big deal there, whatever.
Oh, and it's for US and Canada only, so sorry everybody else.
Sorry international people, apparently Microsoft and all these people involved don't love you.
No, just kidding.
There's probably laws or something, I don't know.
If you want to find out more information on us, go to Xbox.com slash rock your party.
We're going to rock your party.
All right, anyhow, one more story for you guys and then we are going to get to the Skype
line where you can call us and interact with us.
You can either call us on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio is our name on there, or you can give
us a call toll free, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll get to that in just a moment, but first, some news on a popular MMO.
It's one we don't talk about.
It's not really World of Warcraft.
We don't talk about this game very much, but I believe the most popular MMO in the world,
even above World of Warcraft, is a game called Lineage 2, and you know Lineage 2?
Have you played Lineage 2?
No, I just have a shirt from E3 that says Lineage 2, and I'm like, hey, I've heard
of that before.
I have a Coke can.
I do too.
I have like a six-pack of Coke with Lineage characters.
I remember them giving that away or something.
Well, anyway, Lineage 2 is one of the most popular MMOs anywhere, and unfortunately,
there's always some tragedy that comes out of MMOs, and this tragedy comes out of Russia,
where there is probably, you know, probably here in America, most people are playing Warcraft,
but I suppose over in Russia, there's much more people playing Lineage 2.
Not to say no one in America is playing it, but anyway.
A Russian man has been charged with murder.
It was basically over a clan war inside Lineage 2.
There were these two clans.
There was the, oh God, this name's amazing.
It's the Ku Klux Klan.
Yes.
Yeah, wow.
That's all I can say about that one.
There was this, I mean, that should have been the first sign that something was wrong.
There was this clan, and then the Platinum Clan, they were just fighting each other consistently.
The Ku Klux were mostly students, and Platinum were people over 30, and the guy who was killed
here, 33-year-old Albert, used to spend hours in front of his computer, and he had a clan.
There were warriors in the clan, and just before New Year, there was a big old battle
with the Ku Klux, and for whatever reason, these people agreed to meet face to face in
the real world.
Sign of trouble right there, and when they did meet in the real world, Albert was beaten
and died from his injuries on the way to the hospital.
Here's a quote from the sister of Albert, Albina, says, I think they have confused the
game in reality, and after we buried him on December 31st, they continued to threaten
us.
The alleged murderer has not shown any regret, and has yet to justify himself.
The alleged murderer, 22 years old.
Amazing.
Part of me, I read this and I go, is this even real?
Like is this like a satire website or whatever, but I think it's real.
That's kind of, wow, sad, sad, sad, sad.
That was awful.
No, I'm like, why are you laughing over there then if it's sad?
Sorry, I was showing them a picture of Zelda 3, and apparently someone found goat's say
in Zelda 3.
It was ridiculous, but funny.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line if you want to talk about MMO craziness
or anything else we've talked about tonight, you can go ahead and just call.
Right now, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is Orangelaunchradio.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orangelaunchradio, who's this?
Hello, you're on Orangelaunchradio, who's this?
You there?
Caller?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orangelaunchradio.
Hello.
Okay, apparently our caller's not there.
Make sure you always check your connection with Echo123.
Let's try this one instead.
Hi, you're on Orangelaunchradio, who's this?
Hello, this is Ion671.
Hello, Ion671, what's on your mind?
Well, I just want to say that I'm kind of annoyed at all the people who say that parents
don't understand games, because I'm a kid, 16, and both my parents are really into video
games and anime.
My dad just was saying how he wants the Xbox 360 because he wants to get Burnout Paradise.
You do realize, though, that in the larger scope of things, your parents are unicorns
and you're very lucky to have them, right?
Yes, because I go to other people's houses and I see how other parents hate video games
and think that they are the devil's creation.
What do you think is the difference between your parents and other people's parents?
Why do you think your parents get it more so than other families?
I really don't know, I may have just been lucky.
Rice Princess is asking a question here, hold on.
I just want to know if they were gamers or tabletop gamers or anything when they were
younger.
Yeah, and something I've always thought was there's a lot of people who play video games,
but then they grow up with quotation fingers, and there are some people who see a show so
they disregard it or discard it, it's late.
And I would assume that in your household you sound pretty well off for 16, you sound
like you're a smart kid, and obviously you're smart because you're listening to this show,
but video games are obviously not the evil spawn of Satan because you sound like you've
turned out okay.
Have you ever tried to put cocaine in your underwear?
No.
Then you've probably turned out a-okay, so what do you think other families can learn
from yours?
Well, just really educate your kids about it and also pay attention to the news because
every time they mention a game called Grand Theft Auto, so I'm wondering why parents are
buying it for their kids.
That's a good question.
Hey, I've got another question for you.
Do your parents play the games with you?
Oh yeah, well not of course we all play Wii Tennis and all that, but my dad will continually
kick my ass at burnout, he is a burnout machine.
That's kind of cool, like you guys have fun as a family together playing the games, right?
Mm-hmm.
And how's that different from card game night or board game night or whatever, you know?
I don't know, it's just kind of the new way of doing things.
It's just way cooler, that's what it is.
It's way cooler.
We're all going to come over- It's just the next generation.
We're all going to come over to your house someday and have a party, okay?
Because your parents sound like they'd be cool with that.
Well, I wouldn't afford it, so good luck at that.
All right, well hey, you know, Jamie and I are in Disney World, so don't bite your tongue,
sir.
We might be in your neck in the woods.
Okay.
One last thing?
Yeah, sure, go ahead.
I actually know Ryan, the guy who hacked all his PSP stuff.
Really?
And if the FBI does come to his house, we shall sue.
Okay, well I'm very sorry, so look, we disavowed all knowledge of that email and anything was
ever said.
Okay.
Why would he sue?
I mean, seriously, I mean, he's the one breaking the law.
It's a joke.
And I would like to point out, you, sir, have nailed it down to Ryan in Florida now.
See, we didn't do that before, so we ought to sue you.
Okay.
I just said I know him.
I don't say I know him personally.
Oh, okay.
Oh, snap.
Here, I flipped that right back at you.
Did I just get pwned by a 16-year-old?
You did.
Rob got majorly pwned.
That was indeed a zing, Rob.
You got a zing.
Alright, for that, I'm hanging up on you, sir.
Bye.
Okay, bye.
Alright, have a good week.
That was a good call.
That was a really good call.
That was a very good call.
One of our better calls.
I also kind of like the fact that when we said, you know what, we might actually come
to Florida, he was like, okay, you can come over.
Invite yourself, Rob.
My parents will buy beer.
I hope they buy good beer.
Alright, hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, hi, hi.
Hello?
Hello?
Sorry about that.
I'm going to make a phone.
Yeah, you're very, very quiet, dude.
You're going to have to put that microphone right by your mouth.
What's up?
How's that?
Ah, much better.
What's on your mind?
Introduce yourself.
Yes.
Introduce yourself.
Hi, I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
Hey, Rob.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
Hi.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
Hi, I'm Rob.
I'm Rob.
Hi.
How's Rob?
I'm Rob.
Hi, I'm Rob.
Yes.
Introduce yourself.
Oh, by the way, sorry, dude.
Okay, I don't know.
I'm just hanging out and listening on the east coast, I guess.
What's your name?
Or you have an online name, or?
I have an email in the chat room.
Okay, cool.
Well, what are you doing while you're hanging out?
Is there something in tonight's show that inspired you to call in tonight?
What kind of games have you been playing this week?
Oh, do you mind if I...
I got a cool dad in the same room.
Do you want to talk to him?
Okay.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello.
Hi, identify yourself.
Hello.
Hi, who's this?
This is Okuda.
Hello, Okuda!
Hi, I think your friend was kind of nervous.
I mean, we're just an internet radio show.
Nothing to be scared of, right?
Right, Okuda?
Yeah, he gets really nervous sometimes.
Yeah, we're just some dumb kids on the internet with a show.
What's on your mind?
I was wondering...
I play World of Warcraft a lot.
I was wondering...
Do you like private servers?
What's your opinion on private servers?
On crowded servers?
Private servers.
Oh, private servers.
I don't know much about them.
I know they're out there.
I've understood it's kind of a risky thing to do.
Once you mod your Warcraft to go on a private server, you can't play on the public ones anymore, right?
I don't know.
But private servers are kind of corny.
I mean, yeah, you can do...
I wasn't there a cash file.
Oh, you can dump a cash file.
I guess.
But anyway, sorry, go ahead.
No, I'm just saying you can mod it to be super strong or make all this money and stuff.
But that makes the game boring to me.
I don't know.
You can have the new patch.
You can have the new patch.
You can have the new patch. I'm there.
Only on the private servers.
Really?
I have three characters.
Oh my god, you're perfect. Get away from me.
Stop sitting next to me.
They're all female dwarves.
Oh my...
Get especially away from me.
That doesn't even make sense.
But private servers...
I would think in Warcraft you kind of have to have a lot of people in order to be able to do things.
You need to have thousands of people on a server in order to get things done because there's not always people looking to run steam vaults at two in the morning on a private server.
So I would think the problem with a private server is that unless you're playing with the same people at the same time, you can't really progress very far, I would think.
I don't know. Do you have a difference of opinion?
Akuda, do you play on a private server?
Yeah.
And how do you like it?
Yeah, I play on a private server.
Um, yeah...
Sorry, there's a huge lag.
Oh, it's probably JustinTV screwing everything up. That's alright.
Well, hey, thank you guys so much for calling in and even though we were a little bit nervous, hey, you got through and you got to hear yourself on the radio, okay?
Thanks for having me.
No problemo.
You got to say hi.
I think they're handing the phone back. I'm not sure.
Okay.
Alright. Have a good one, you guys.
Alright.
Okay, thanks for having us. Have a good night.
You too.
Smoke another bud.
That's terrible, Rob.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding. They're just nervous. God, come on.
No.
But if they use smoke bud, they'll relax.
No, we're not encouraging that, though. We would never...
No, but if you feel so inclined, it would help you relax.
Alright, look, we give people shit, that's what we do.
Like, we're going to give our next caller.
Who's this?
It's me, Rama. What's up, everyone?
Hello, Rama.
What is up, Rama, speaking of giving people shit?
Not much.
No, that was me that called the first time, but my headset was acting really retarded.
Sorry about that.
Yeah, echo 123 next time.
That was the headset. I think that was user error, Rama.
What's on your mind?
Oh, not too much. I want to talk about the whole PlayStation Dusty article you told earlier.
Dust Cap 3.
What about it?
Pretty much.
Check this out. I'm looking at pictures of it, and I'm posting it in the chat room now at theconsumers.com.
I mean, this guy had his PS3 only three months, and it's that dusty.
As somebody who's been in a technical field for about ten years, even in the worst conditions,
I have never seen, not even a computer on the outside of it, that dusty, okay?
So, obviously, this guy really must have stuck it somewhere and just didn't care.
Plus, I also found this out by reading off that website that supposedly this was an entire setup from start to finish.
It's coming from consumers.com, which is the same network that owns Kotaku.
They're both in that same thing.
Their blogs are also very similar looking.
I actually kind of like Consumerist.
They're a fun blog to read because I teach customer service, so I always like to read horrible customer service stories.
But anyhow, sorry, I just want to say we can't say the name of the blog.
That's fine.
We're looking at a dirty-ass picture of a PlayStation.
Was this person smoking right in front of it, or was it just poorly ventilated?
Because I look at Loki's house, and his PlayStation 3 he's had since launch doesn't look like that,
and Dark Soccer's PlayStation 3 doesn't look like that, so I don't think it's the machine.
I think there's something the person is doing.
That's what it is.
Is the cat sleeping on it at night?
He's just stuck in somewhere where he could collect dust in the basement or something.
Now, the next link I posted off the Consumerist, Visa extended the warranty and replaced it.
If you read the comments, you find that the guy that complained about this is an actor,
and now they're assuming that, like I said, this was an entire setup.
And I also posted a link from PlayStation.net about it.
The dirty PlayStation is all a setup?
Yeah.
Why?
Supposedly this guy is a pay... he was paid to do this.
This makes no sense, and this is supposed to be promotion for Sony to put pictures of a dirty-ass PlayStation 3 all over the internet?
PS3, you're so dirty.
You've been very naughty, Sony.
You're a naughty person.
I paid him to do it.
What the crap?
Wait, no, but this is coming from the Play 3...
Who paid him to... oh, so somebody paid him to attack Sony.
It wasn't Sony that did it.
Somebody paid him to do it.
He's... okay.
I'm reading this from Play3.net.
End of the story? No.
It only turns out that Reed Goldshaw happens to be a professional bit-part actor who has appeared on Fox News before.
Now, it is possible that this chap can be a paid actor who also happens to have the world's dirtiest console.
These coincidences suggest he was faking his m'lady to jumpstart his career, or paid as part...
I know, m'lady? M'lady?
What a crappy word to use.
Paid as a part of the much-cited Microsoft dirty tricks campaign against the PlayStation 3.
Ah, what the hell?
I don't... that seems kind of low.
I mean, I don't think... you know, as much as we'd like to spread these stories about Microsoft is evil and da-da-da,
this doesn't seem like something they'd do, and neither Nintendo.
So, I don't know who's got something against Sony this bad, but that makes no sense at all.
Nathan has a question.
Oh, yeah, sure, Nathan.
I don't understand how being on Fox News would jumpstart an actor's career.
You're not... it's not supposed to be an act on the news.
Oh, it was Fox News.
That could be...
Yeah, fair and balanced.
Well, you know what?
When you're a struggling actor, any exposure is exposure, right?
Even porno?
Yeah, sure, porno.
Oh, Skinimax.
I don't know. Why do people do Skinimax films?
I don't know.
Well, Rama, I don't know.
What do you think of this?
Who do you think did the setup?
I honestly don't know because I read all of the comments.
He claims that this is legit.
To be perfectly honest, I don't know, but I do know that that PS3 got dusty on purpose.
I'm guessing he collected dust in a vacuum and just started sprinkling it on there and complained or something like that.
That's what I honestly think.
That's kind of a mental problem.
It gets dusty, but we've had stuff set up for like three, four months.
We have a Nintendo sitting on the floor for about four months and it's not even that dirty.
It looks like it's nearly new and we don't even touch it.
I think he just has issues.
I think that's what it boils down to.
Cleaning issues.
Yeah, cleaning issues.
Maybe he lives in a toilet.
Who knows?
Where it would get especially dusty.
That makes a lot of sense, Rob.
Shut up. I hate you.
You shut up, you m'lady.
I hate you.
Children, children behave.
So I get for reading fast.
No.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with us, Rama?
I will be making a trip out to the West Coast.
When?
Yay.
Looking at Fourth of July weekend.
Awesome.
Woohoo.
Well, we will be seeing you then.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Clean the book hard.
End all time.
All right.
All right, Rama.
We got to let you go.
We want to try and take one more call before it's all over.
One last question.
I'll get out of here.
Whose idea was it to put the gold schlager on the table?
Whose idea was it to put the gold schlager on the table?
I will give you three guesses.
It starts with a J.
I love you.
All right.
Take care, Rama.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
I like to point out it was an empty bottle of gold schlager, too.
Just so you know.
Just so you know, it was an empty bottle of gold schlager.
Username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio, Skype Line 1877, Game OLR.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, there.
This is Ross Deal UT.
Hello, Ross Deal UT.
What is on your mind?
Not much.
You know, I was kind of calling because that whole thing about the Russian MMO freaks who
started fighting with each other.
I seriously had to read that and wonder if it was a parody.
I mean, it was that unreal.
Why would you want to meet in real life to have a gang fight or a clan fight or whatever?
I would not want to meet in real life.
Well, soccer fans do it all the time, so maybe it's just an extension of that.
I guess, I don't know.
Anyway, that reminds me of a recent post on Kotaku.
Apparently, the Chinese government is going to be cracking down a little harder on Internet
cafes and stuff like that.
Let me put a link on the chat.
Basically, what they're doing is they're trying to, like I said, cut down on illegal gaming
cafes because China has a huge problem with MMO addiction.
Hello?
Yeah, no, no, no.
Sorry.
I brought up the report and I'm actually trying to read it right now.
Let's see.
It looks like you're linking us to Kotaku who ran this report.
Chinese government cracking down on online gaming, let's see, in a sweep designed to
clean up young people's online environment, police in the southern Chinese border city
of Shenzhen uncovered 563 illegal Internet cafes, Xinhua said.
The crackdown netted 1407 computers while seven people were arrested and nearly 5,000
Internet accounts closed.
Police in one case discovered 30 computers crammed into a 40 square meter room.
Wow.
Yeah, that sounds pretty damn wrong.
Normally, I'm not forcing limits on Internet time, but damn, it really sounds like China
has got a real problem.
Well, most of Asia, really.
Well, these cafes sound a little bit shady anyway.
Even in the U.S., you have to register your business with the government.
That's because we want taxes.
Something similar could happen here.
If the government found a business running illegally that was making all this money under
the table, they'd send the IRS after their assets.
They go about it a different way.
You wouldn't see the SWAT team going in there, but it would be a civil crime.
Kind of similar, I don't know, but yeah, it's very interesting that it's become that ramp.
Thirty computers crammed into a 40 square meter room, that's not very big.
Yeah, I was about to say that.
That sounds like people are really crammed in there.
That sounds like computers on bunk beds is what that sounds like.
I think that's the only way you would be able to fit that in.
That's an interesting image right there.
For real.
That's a very interesting image.
That's the image we think of when we think of wild gold farmers.
All right, go ahead.
Sorry, anyway.
There's a supposed interview with an Xbox 360 insider talking about the Xbox 360 failures.
Give me a second.
I'll pop up another link.
I think I heard about this.
This is where the guy admitted that Microsoft went the cheap way with heat sinks and this
is why they're paying for it, right?
Well, I'm posting the link now.
It just sounds pretty damn fake, actually, considering he goes straight to the 30%, which
is sort of the colloquial thing you hear on the internet all the time.
It sort of makes me wonder the legitimacy of it.
I don't know if you're reading it now.
It's kind of a lengthy article.
It's coming from 8-Bit Joystick is the site they ran this.
It looks like a story they posted on January 17th, an inside source reveals the truth about
the Xbox 360 red ring of death failures.
It was an interview conducted via email.
That's already a big red flag.
I read it beforehand, obviously, and it sounds like either the guy's an actor and they set
the whole thing up or the guy has an axe to grind.
He was the same guy who was doing the PlayStation 3 stuff right now.
Who knows?
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, it's funny you mention that, because Rama was just talking about that.
It could just be muddling on both sides.
It's an attempt.
It's Reggie.
Reggie Fils-Aime is doing it all, apparently.
No, I don't know.
I think there's a little bit of sensationalism to this.
I mean, a little bit, but I think there's, I guess, over-sensationalism in this article,
because honestly, if you tell me that the Xbox 360 red rings of death are caused because
Microsoft cut corners in the heat sinks in order to save cost, I kind of go, yeah, that's
not really news to me.
I mean, to be honest.
I think most of us...
That's been everybody's note about the X-Climbs for some time.
So is that really surprising that, okay, it's an after effect of Microsoft cutting corners
to save money?
Not really.
That's no surprise.
Does it make it right?
I mean, but I think Microsoft's paying the price in having to do this.
I think Microsoft's done a wonderful job of trying to correct the issue, really.
They made a boo-boo.
They're fessing up to it.
I don't know why this guy's trying to smear the company.
He's got an Instagram.
Yeah, it's certainly not as bad as the PS2's DRE issues.
I mean, at least Microsoft's helping.
I suppose that's true.
So, yeah, I don't know.
I'm sorry, what?
I mean, it is shitty that so many of those machines get the red ring of death, but I
guess as long as Microsoft continues to fix them, it's kind of hard to complain too much.
And there are some people who still do have working ones, but honestly, you tell me the
failure rate is 30%, and I kind of go, that's it?
It seems like half the people I know have a broken one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, the problem is with, when you hear about these things, it's only the people who have
broken systems that go on the Internet and complain.
They're the ones that go on the Internet and say, hey, my system works.
Good point.
You're right.
You're right.
People don't complain when things are working.
You're right.
That's a good point.
Yeah.
Anyways, I've got one more thing to go.
We all see games that are released sort of incomplete, and then they start putting things
in for downloadable content that should have been there in the first place.
Apparently, and here's one more link, the Devil May Cry 4 is not going to have any downloadable
content.
Capcom's Hiroyuki Kobayashi said, with Devil May Cry 4, we feel that we've created a game
that has a huge amount of content right out of the box without the need to download extra
content.
I don't know about you guys, but I think that's pretty damn nice.
Yeah.
You know what?
Nobody says you have to do downloadable content.
You know our whole issue, and we haven't gotten into this in a while on the show, and maybe
since we have some new people, thanks to Justin TV and whatever other outlets, we should probably
take this time to emphasize how much we hate it when people call pay-to-unlock content
downloadable content.
When you are unlocking something that was already on the disc that you paid for, that
should be considered pay-to-unlock content, such as what the Stages and Beautiful Katamari
write.
Those are pay-to-unlock content.
Whereas, when you download the Rock Band songs, that is true downloadable content.
You're not unlocking something already on the disc.
I think if Capcom is taking a stand going, you know what?
This game is too complex.
We can't really do any downloadable content, and we're not going to charge for pay-to-unlock
content.
I say applause.
I don't know if there's so much you can do, but I think that just, you know, hello?
Yeah, go ahead.
I think it's just that this is their game, and personally I applaud them for it, because
we do see a lot of people, you know, that they put in these garbage downloadable content,
the Hello Horse Armor, and just try to squeeze as much money out of it as possible.
It's really refreshing to see a company say, hey, this is our game, and this is what it's
going to be.
You don't see enough of that nowadays.
I applaud them for taking the high ethical road on this one.
It's a good one.
Ross Dio, we've got to let you go, because we've got to wrap up the show, but thank you
so much for calling.
We'd love to hear from you.
Okay.
Have a good one, man.
Have a good one, buddy.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
I like how Ross Dio kind of shared all the stories that we seem to miss otherwise on
tonight's program.
Kind of interesting.
It's really nice of him.
It was.
Anyway, sorry, guys.
I know there were a ton of people still trying to get through, but we are just running along
on time tonight.
We want to get out of here at a decent hour, so we're going to go ahead and shut off the
Skype line for tonight.
We'll take more calls next week, though, as always, so please tune in live.
Meanwhile, we're going to go around and see if there are any last-minute stories.
Dark Sakura, Loki, I have nothing.
Do you guys?
Nope.
Loki?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, I do have some pretty cool stuff, one of which is this game that I just found
called Line Golfer.
Now, it's like Line Rider, but you make miniature golf courses almost, and it's actually pretty
fun.
You can find it at, let's see here, this website called candystand.com, and you can check it
out there.
Wait.
Isn't that Lifesavers and stuff?
Isn't that their website, Candystand?
I don't know.
Or am I crazy?
I don't know.
I forget.
Maybe.
No, it is wrigleyscandystand.com, the hottest games online, they say.
And it's pretty fun.
You can create your own courses, and you can upload them and play all these different courses
and stuff.
Let's see here.
Then other stuff that's kind of funny.
Apparently, gamegirl.com ran a top seven geek panties for girls.
Oh God, I heard about this.
How many does Irene own?
That's what I want to know.
Number seven is the iPhone panties, which I don't know if you can actually put an iPhone
on there or not.
I don't think so.
Number six would be the password protection panties.
It says username and password.
That's kind of funny.
Wow.
Bonus stage panties.
I agree with the Halo Master in chat.
Best radio show ever.
Space Invader panties would be number four.
Number three is achievement unlocked panties.
Number two, classic Nintendo panties.
Are these all things people have on their cafe press shops or something?
I don't think so.
These can't be legitimate.
And then Mario panties.
Mario panties.
Hooray.
Other fun stuff.
There's a rumor that when Smash Brothers Brawl actually makes it out to the Wii that Super
Smash Brothers Brawl will be released on the virtual console as well.
Makes sense.
So we'll see.
I don't really know if there's much to that.
Apparently there's a rumor from website gameeater.com or gameeater, whatever, that Hillary Clinton
is going to have sort of a cameo in Grand Theft Auto IV.
Bullshit.
No, hold on, hold on.
It's not necessarily Hillary Clinton, but someone that kind of looks like her, kind
of like how there's a lawyer that sort of looks like Jack Thompson in the game.
Well, there's a prostitute that apparently looks like Hillary.
Why would you want that prostitute?
That doesn't make sense.
Whatever, guys, whatever.
Apparently it says Rockstar is going beyond looks after having sex with the player.
The prostitute will say something like, will you still vote for me, and after being killed
with your last breath, now I'll never get to be president.
That's fucked up.
That's got to be a lie.
That would be funny.
That has some stupid kid's idea of the funny.
But you know what?
Rama in chat at chat.org.trader.com sums up my thoughts perfectly.
Do not want.
And then, yeah, and then that's pretty much it.
That's it?
I found something pretty.
All right, what's that?
Eurogamer, which is one of the places that I like to go through for my UK news, has pictures
of the Iron Man game that's going to be coming out, and Sega's doing it, so I'm already happy.
Sega plus Marvel equals love, so I'm posting pics in the chat room.
All right.
It's very, very pretty, even though they're getting the most awful person in the world
to play them, but oh well.
All right.
Well, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts, so we can wrap up this show.
Nathan, Irene, Rice Princess, thank you guys for coming to the show.
We haven't had guests here in forever, even though you guys didn't talk much, but maybe
it's because we have a mic shortage.
I don't know.
But I hope you enjoyed yourselves nonetheless, and thank you for the pie.
That was much appreciated.
Do you have any final thoughts, Sir Nathan?
No.
All right, Rice Princess, any final thoughts?
Yes.
All right, Loki, do you have any final thoughts?
My final thought is my second graphics card comes in this week, so we'll have to see what
my computer can actually do.
Yay.
An SLI.
My final thought is thank you to all our listeners, as always, for supporting us in chat and now
on Justin TV and welcoming us to a new place on the internets, even if it's going to take
a couple weeks to work out the bumps.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Well, someone in our chat room said the pie is true.
The pie is true.
The pie is delicious.
That's what it really boils down to.
At the end of Orange Lawn's radio, there will be pie.
Wow.
All right, forget it.
All right, thank you guys so much for tuning in to and downloading and supporting independent
podcasting.
We wouldn't be here without you guys because we have no big magazine supporting us or any
big gaming company, so this truly is an independent effort, and we appreciate it.
If you like what you hear, it's free.
All we ask, tell two people you know about our program.
That's how we slowly spread the word.
If you absolutely cannot think of anybody to tell, leave us a nice review on iTunes
or on one of those other sites such as Yahoo, Digg, whatever, or even if you do tell two
people, you can also leave a five-star review.
It's okay.
I want to thank... We had some new reviews posted this week, so thank you to both people
that put those very kind reviews.
Really appreciate it.
Until next time, I'm Rob Roberts.
That's Dark Soccer.
This is Loki, and we will be back next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
