Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, January the 13th of 2008 for this Part B of our program.
So we're just going to cut the crap and get right back into some gaming news, aren't we, Loki?
Yes, there is some big news coming from Nintendo Power
talking about BioWare's Sonic the Hedgehog RPG that's going to be coming out in the DS.
And apparently the game's title is Sonic Chronicles The Dark Brotherhood
and will feature 11 playable characters in the Sonic universe
and looks a little bit like Mario RPG to me, but, you know, what do I know?
Is that a bad thing?
Uh, no, not a bad thing, but why the fuck won't you make another Mario RPG? Seriously.
Well, A, BioWare didn't make Mario RPG in the first place.
So?
No, I agree that it doesn't matter.
I don't care if Square does it or, you know, BioWare.
But did you ever play the Mario Luigi Superstar Saga games?
Because those were very close to being Mario RPG.
They were the closest thing I've played to that since.
I miss Mario RPG.
And, um, but the Sonic thing looks pretty good.
They're supposed to have a combat system that's supposed to resemble the gameplay of Elite Beat Agents.
So that's kind of neat.
Oh, that's kind of cool.
Uh, I don't know.
Don't know much about it yet, but, um, should be the next issue, I guess.
Dark Soccer, you've been a Sonic fangirl as long as I've known you.
Are you excited about the new role-playing game that's coming out,
or is it just another opportunity for the Sonic franchise to suck?
If it's not done by Sonic Team,
it doesn't exist in my universe. How's that?
Oh, snap.
Well said.
Alright, well, uh, Bionic Commando is a game that a lot of folks are looking forward to,
and, uh, one system that it's not coming out on is the Nintendo Wii.
But some fans are kind of pissed off,
because who wouldn't want to pretend that they have a robotic claw,
and they can use the, you know, Wiimote to swing their claw everywhere?
Well, it's coming out on the 360, PlayStation 3, and the PC,
but no love for the Nintendo Wii.
However, Ben Judd from Capcom said that a Wii version of the sequel
would largely depend on how many Bionic Commando fans wanted it.
Cue the petition!
Almost immediately an internet petition went up,
bring us Bionic Commando on the Wii.
So they're taking a page out of, uh, Konami's book there.
Oh, we want a petition to guaranteed sales, you know, and then, uh, we'll make the product.
Well, it must be nice to operate your business without any sort of, I don't know, risk.
Well, anyhow, here's the exact quote from Ben Judd.
Quote,
It will largely depend on what the fans want for the future of Bionic Commando.
If the interest is there, of course we want as many people as possible to appreciate this great franchise.
Well, speaking of other great franchises, at least the ones that's had people very happy.
Um, anyone in here play Assassin's Creed?
Not yet, it's another one of those games that I needed to play from 2007
because everybody said it was great, but I just, I haven't had a copy of it delivered to my door.
Well, there's a DS version now, where you can, um, basically go through and do all of the crazy acrobatic stuff,
and sword fight, and kill people, and stuff.
But you can also use the stylus for interrogating informers, and picking pockets, and doing other stuff.
Wait, wait, you can use a stylus for interrogating informers, so what do you do, you just poke them?
Poke, poke, poke, poke, tell me!
Poke, poke, poke, poke!
And then you talk into the, um, the speaker part, and go,
bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother!
Like that.
Well, this sounds like it's going to be a great game!
I know, it could be interesting, I think it'd be kind of cute.
It's supposed to be a prequel, looks kind of neat.
I don't know.
Um, the Nyko Wireless Nunchak, I remember we talked about that a little bit ago,
um, pretty useless device, I think, but I guess if you, that little cord really bothers you,
um, then great, you can buy this.
Anyways...
That little cord does really bother me, I would like to say.
Whatever, okay, so...
How much is it going to cost me to get rid of it?
That's what I want to know.
Uh, $30.
Never mind, I can deal with it for $30.
Yeah, and, um, so, apparently though, it did win a, uh, CNET CES Gaming Award.
For, uh, Wonderful New Peripheral, I guess.
You know, I kind of, I forgot to talk about this this week, my gaming week,
I played, um, some Ghost Squad, and I bought those, um,
Nyko Perfect Shots, the ones that look like the little pistols.
Those are fucking awesome.
And, the other thing about Ghost Squad, and why I love the game even more,
they do have a configuration in there for the Wii Zapper, so that you don't use the B button as a trigger,
you use the Z button, so that you're actually firing it correctly.
So, hopefully, more game companies, especially when they're putting out shooters,
will look to, uh, Ghost Squad for an example of how to do a shooter on the Wii.
Ooh, Robway has a good point in our chat room.
He says, you'll want the wireless when Samba de Amigo comes out.
That's true, because, you know, you have to have those Sambas way out there for some of those poses.
Um, what else was I going to say about this?
What did they get for getting this award?
Did you get a trophy, or a plaque, or just internet fame?
Internet fame.
I see. Well, I guess it worked, because here we are talking about the device on the program.
Maybe a plaque, who knows.
A trophy?
I want to win a trophy!
Are there any award shows coming up where you can win a trophy in?
I want a trophy.
I have a trophy for us.
That's from, like, 2005, and it's at your house.
I want a trophy here.
I can bring that one here.
You should bring that one here. But I want another trophy.
I want a 2008 trophy.
But I went all the way for that trophy.
I know, you had to go all the way to L.A. and you had to meet Adam Curry. Poor you.
No, I had to sit and stare at Adam Curry's butt as he was talking to other people by our table.
Look, no, I-
With his Bon Jovi hair.
I want a new 2008 trophy.
So what award can we win?
There's got to be something out there we can campaign for.
I'll have to look into that to make that happen.
Well, the year is young and, you know, there are the Darwin Awards.
It's a little bit of a permanent solution.
Can we give ourselves a stupid award? Can we do something really stupid?
But, you know, we don't give trophies for the stupid awards, so what can we do?
Rob Way says, make your own award show.
Well, there are, you know, there are podcasts out there that make their own award show.
Hell, the gamertag folks, their thing was advertised on Xbox's official thingy inside Xbox.
You think we could team up with Sony? They got nothing going for them, right?
Alright, forget it. Let's move on with the gaming news.
Maybe we could team up with Wii Fit.
That's something I know I could use a little partnering with.
Yeah, I could use that too.
So maybe we'll win a trophy for losing weight on Wii Fit,
but we're not going to get a chance to play Wii Fit until May 20th,
if a new one-up column is to be believed.
The blurb read, quote, Wii Fit is expected to be one of the year's biggest sellers,
both in Japan and abroad.
North Americans can expect to see the game on May 20th,
by which time presumably they'll have that plus-sized Western Balance Board
properly stress-tested and ready for use.
However, the interesting thing about that was that that little drop date
had never been mentioned before.
So, is May 20th the day that this game will come out?
If it is the day, then hooray, they got it correct.
If it's not the day, they can just say, oh, it's been delayed.
Loki, from the distribution angle,
do you have any insider information possibly on this?
Nope, haven't heard a thing.
Interesting.
At least not on that game.
Well, I'm looking forward to this game, you know,
just because I think it'll be fun.
Maybe Loki and I can have a contest as we both want to play some Wii Fit.
Maybe we can have that OLR Biggest Loser contest
we've been talking about for a long time.
Maybe Loki and I will get fit with Wii Fit.
We can have like a blog and shit.
Yeah, we can be on the news.
Yay!
Because people losing weight on a weight loss game,
that's so fucking new.
And there we go, we get a trophy for being on the news.
News trophy.
Yeah, but they'll only give me like 10 seconds worth of air time
if that, and I'll say something brief.
Oh, it's so much fun.
Alright, by the way, if you haven't seen the clip of Loki on the news,
it's on YouTube.
Just look for the Orange Long Radio channel on YouTube.
It's great.
And like, they interviewed me for like a good 10 minutes,
and that's what they used.
Oh, it's so much fun.
Alright, let's give out some trophies right now to our listeners.
Our listeners are awesome, and we wouldn't be here without you guys.
And we always invite you to interact with our program,
whether it be through the chat room or through our email.
It's mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com,
and Dark Sakura will be giving you a trophy in spirit
every time she reads one of your emails tonight, won't you, Dark Sakura?
In fact, you'll actually be winning a Golden Globe.
Since there was no real ceremony, we're just going to give you a Golden Globe.
You don't get a Golden Globe.
You get an aluminum foil ball.
Okay, and spray-painted gold.
Alright, so there you have it.
So, the Orange Lounge Radio Oranges, even though they're gold.
We're going to give them out right now in our mailbag.
Maybe we do win a stupid award tonight, I don't know.
Dark Sakura, open up the mailbag and the envelope, please.
Who wins orangie number one?
You're funny, Rob.
The first one is from TJ.
It says, hey, before I begin, I want to say that I love your show
and wish I could catch it live, but unfortunately I have other crap to do.
That's a good excuse. I have other crap to do.
Regardless, I try and catch the podcast as often as possible.
I couldn't help noticing that nobody mentioned my opinion on the year's worst game.
I work part-time at a GameStop. I'm sorry.
And the one game that sold zero units during December was Jenga for the Wii.
I mean, come on. Everyone's bored with the original game.
It's not going to do shit on the Wii.
Anyway, I just wanted to get that out there and keep up the good work.
TJ.
Thank you, TJ. The only reason I didn't mention Jenga
is that I had completely erased it from my memory.
I'd like to thank you personally for bringing it back into my existence, you jerk.
Jenga's a game. Horrible.
Honestly, I'm telling a half-truth there.
Obviously, I don't really think you're a jerk, but I really did just forget about that game
because Jenga on the Wii is pretty forgettable.
I don't know if it's just me.
So there you have it.
Next email.
With Bioshock Mass Effect Call of Duty 4, we play Super Mario Galaxies and an iPhone.
This must be the best Christmas ever.
Yeah, I know this email's a bit late,
but I felt I must comment on how especially kickass Mario Galaxy and Call of Duty 4 are.
Wait, is this the same email or a new one?
This is a different one.
Oh, who sent this one in?
This one's from Ospher.
Oh, okay.
Super Mario Galaxies is just one of those games that's just hard to put down.
As you obtain stars, more galaxies appear and the game just grows.
It's so much fun to play and control, and controls are nothing short of sexy.
Ooh.
I may even consider searching for the soundtrack as the music is great in many of the galaxies,
and some say this game is the only one to ever make me cry.
Just read Chapter 4 in the storybook.
What's Chapter 4, Rob?
Wait, in Mario Galaxy?
I don't want to spoil anything,
but the soundtrack is out there on the internet, so take a look.
On your favorite torrent site.
Not that I endorse that sort of thing.
Look on your iPhone!
But it is out there.
Okay.
Next paragraph.
As for Call of Duty 4, it's just as Rob said, it's fucking epic.
You play the game to experience it yourself, and then watch your jaw hit the floor.
Last thing, is it at all possible to listen to the show live on my iPhone?
No.
Not live, no.
You can listen to the podcast from any touch-tone phone.
It's something I want to say, like...
You can't do it from a touch-tone phone, like a regular phone.
You can hear it, you can hear the podcast on a phone.
There's some service out there, free service,
because I know, because one of our listeners, Misty, has used it before.
She might have signed our podcast up for it, I don't even know, I don't remember.
But I know she uses it, and I think a couple other people do.
I'll look it up.
There's some phone number you can call, and you can actually hear our show.
I haven't actually tried to see if any of the programs work,
but I know a lot of Java compatibility isn't there yet.
Thanks for reading, as always, Ospher sent from my iPhone.
You can actually, like, not have that included in there if you deleted it.
This email comes from Stan.
Hi there.
I've been listening to your podcast for a few months now, and I'm really getting into it.
It makes me wonder why I was listening to you folks before.
After listening to your year-end wrap-up show,
I believe DarkSakura mentioned something about ASIN and if y'all will be going.
Well, do y'all?
I live in Chicago and would love to meet you guys, even if it were for a bit,
and if you guys had a booth or something.
Not sure how all this would work, but I think it would be cool
if you did a sort of live broadcast of it.
That's what we usually do when we do our panels.
If not, then taping something while there,
I'm sure there will be gamers mixed in a crowd of anime people.
I mean, actually, that's more what we do as we do the recording.
I don't know if anyone else in Chicago that listens to your show,
but I'm sure they're here somewhere just never looked.
Oh, any of you good at Soul Calibur III?
I could really use a challenge.
I didn't get Soul Calibur III because there were a lot of problems with the gameplay in it.
I like Soul Calibur III, but maybe that's just me.
Also, I read a MySpace posting about cover bands submitting songs
to be played during your music portions.
Did I read that right?
Some of you asked for cover bands, and when I think of cover bands,
I always think a guitar, bassist, drummer, and maybe a singer.
You know, a rock band setup.
Well, I play with the Lakeside Pride saxophone ensemble,
and a few of us are big gamers,
and I was wondering if you were accepting non-garage band tunes.
Right now, I'm really getting into Phoenix Wright soundtracks,
especially after finding out about their orchestral soundtrack.
As you can guess, the sax ensemble isn't very, I don't know, rockish.
I've tinkered around with arrangements before,
but if I knew that one of our performers were to be played to a world audience,
then I'm sure all of us would be gung-ho for the idea.
So how about it?
Are classical pieces acceptable to be submitted for airing?
I would say so, dude. I played saxophone.
I don't see why not.
One thing to keep in mind, we don't like to have a lot of bloated songs in rotation,
meaning like ten-minute songs are a little much,
but if you have anything short, like maybe six minutes at the most,
I know a lot of classical pieces kind of go on a little while,
but if you have something, you know, radio-friendly, maybe slightly upbeat,
I don't see why not. Yeah, I don't see why not.
I mean, heck, I was in a bassoon quartet on clarinet,
so I don't see why not.
Anyway, thanks so much. Keep up the great work.
I really get a kick if this was read on the air.
One of these days, I'll call in.
You should.
There you go. You got a kick.
And you got an orangey.
Yes, you do.
Just for emailing us tonight.
By the way, I wanted to say really quickly, the chat room helped me out.
The service where you listen to our podcast through any touchtone phone,
it's called Podlines.
Now, we don't like totally endorse this,
because we don't know, like, I don't think they charge you or nothing.
I don't know. I haven't done this in a long time.
But here's the phone number.
It's area code 650-523-6855.
I'm actually going to call that right now on our Skype line.
Let's see what happens,
because I don't know what happens when you call this.
I don't know if it just goes into the show or what happens,
or if we get an ad or what.
One ringy dingy.
And it's busy.
I guess we've been taken off the air.
I don't know.
Well, he sent in another part to his email.
All right, fine.
It says, oops, I forgot,
but have any of you watched the Street Fighter the later years?
Yes, I have.
It's so damn funny.
Surely anyone who grew up playing the first Street Fighter 2
will appreciate this.
I even like the fact that they kind of mentioned the whole Zangief Gay thing.
Yay, gamers.
It's like, okay.
I've watched some of it.
It's pretty darn funny.
Good times.
Well, we actually got an email from our good buddy, Rob,
the two B's, who sent me really cool Doctor Who stuff.
Really?
Yes, he sent me old fanzines and stuff.
Cool.
But there was a thing about an 18-year-old arrested
for trying to kill his father by strangling him with a cable
for one of his video game pads.
They haven't said what the system was or anything.
It said that the guy was playing a game
and the father was trying to get him to stop.
He went in there and finally the kid just unattached.
The dad took out the power cable
and the kid went crazy and tried to strangle him with it.
Interesting.
He's being charged for, of course, domestic violence.
As you should be.
Yeah, kind of crazy go nuts, huh?
He was mad because he was playing right to speak.
Wait, I thought you said that was the last email.
No, I said last email.
Oh, and?
Oh, fine.
One more email then.
This one's important.
It's from Belgium.
Oh, cool.
Yes.
Hey, Sky, DarkSakura and Loki.
I love your show even though you talk more about console gaming
and I am a PC gamer.
It is highly entertaining and fun to listen to.
I just want to say that I would appreciate very much
if you could do a show at noon in your time zone
like you suggested last week during the call of the Swedish guy.
Since I am located in Belgium, the show airs when I am fast asleep
and can't listen live and chat in the chat room or something like that.
I would love to do that sometime,
so let me know if you plan on airing at noon.
I always download the podcast on my PSP,
so yes, there are people who listen to the show via their PSP.
I use the RSS feed, but for the people listening live,
it might be cool to figure out how to make it work via Shoutcast.
Also, an interesting story perhaps.
Here in Belgium, the PlayStation 3 outsells any of the other next-gen consoles.
We are a small country, but with a big gaming market nonetheless, I think.
With 634,000 consoles sold in 2007,
the PS3 sold the most closely followed by the Wii and the PS2.
Xbox 360 is the least popular console,
and only after the release of Halo 3 could make it sell a little better.
After the price drop, the PS3 started selling even better.
Sorry if I didn't have the exact numbers per console.
I think the fact that the PlayStation 3 was so successful made a lot of people
instantly think that PlayStation 3 would also be the best way to spend your money
on a next-generation console.
I have the feeling the Xbox never was a really big success here,
and so many people are more inclined to play a PlayStation 3,
although the 360 might have the best games so far.
Also, the casual gamers are, of course, going for the Wii over here, too.
If I would buy a console, it would be the Wii, I suppose,
because it is the most innovative system,
and it differs the most from the games I could play on my PC.
Keep up the great show, and I guess it's Grits, G-R-T-Z.
Oh, I'm sorry. That's in closing. His name is Martin.
Well, thank you for the e-mail.
And what do you guys think of the idea of doing a show at noon one random week?
I have a three-day weekend coming up.
Too soon, though. We want to get the word out so people know.
Yeah, I know, a three-day weekend would have been a good time to do it.
We might have Marissa up here, too.
Huh?
We might have Marissa up here, too.
Oh, that would be good.
Maybe in February we'll look at trying to do a show at noon.
We'll just have to check our schedules,
because I know around Valentine's Day and stuff, I don't know,
things might get busy, but we'll see.
Sometime in February. I don't think any of us object to doing a one-off show at noon on a Sunday.
We've done it before, like for pre-taping.
Yeah, we've done pre-taping that early before, so why not just do a live thing?
I don't see why not.
I don't see why not either.
We will make that happen for our overseas listeners,
but we'll give you some warning when it's going to happen.
Usually all else I'm going to do on a three-day weekend is sit around in my pajamas and play Ragnarok, so why not?
Isn't there another three-day weekend for you in February, President's Day?
I do believe so.
Maybe we can make it happen around then.
Maybe.
We'll check our schedules.
Okay.
All right.
Well, then that's going to do it for our mailbag, but if you would like to send us an email,
mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
But for now, we're going to get back into the gaming news with the one and only Loki.
Yes.
Anyways, so Rock Band is pretty popular right now, and because of that,
there's a whole bunch of weird peripherals coming out for it,
one of which was shown off at CES.
It's actually a new drum set, and what it looks like to me is just a MIDI drum set that they've kind of souped up for Rock Band.
It's got the four drums, and then it's got three cymbals as well, mapped to yellow, blue, and green.
So that's kind of neat.
No word on when it's going to come out or how much it is, but cool nonetheless.
Now, one thing that's not so cool but kind of weird is this Rock Band stage kit that was spotted on GameStop,
and apparently it's coming out around June for $100, and it's an interactive light and smoke stage show.
This actually sounds kind of epic.
You know what, though?
Oh, Lordy.
I still have $200 in store credit around that time. I'll pick it up.
That would be awesome.
We'll do it during the show. We'll just leave it on during the show.
That's right. We'll just have the light and smoke during Orange Lawns Radio one night.
Hopefully the webcam's back by then.
That would be awesome. A light show and smoke.
Remind me not to be here for that show.
I know, seriously, because you can imagine just how it looks one way on the box,
but then when you actually do it in person, it probably smells like farts or something.
It's probably just going to fill up the room with a big cloud of smoke.
Seriously, though.
We had a smoke machine for Halloween one year, and I swear it smelled like farts.
Why would you do this?
I mean, why would you play this in your living room with smoke and stuff here?
I can't see the screen anymore.
It's filling up the house full of smoke.
Mac Man in our chat room at chat.orangeslawnsradio.com says,
Does it come with some weed, too? That would be the true rocker experience.
I don't know.
It's put out by Performance Design Products, who also does a lot of the Pelican supplies.
It's a pretty well-known company.
It's funny, but is it $100 funny?
How many of these are they really going to sell?
Let me put it this way. If it is an actual smoke machine,
I can understand where they're getting the $100 for that,
but, dude, you got to buy the liquid smoke for it, and that's expensive.
Plus, it's a fucking smoke machine.
What the hell are you going to be doing playing with the smoke machine?
You can recycle it around Halloween, I suppose, and use it as a scary smoke machine.
I don't know. I think it would be funny.
I think it would be funny, too, just to do for one show, but, Loki, $100 funny?
I don't know.
It's all store credit.
Chat room, is it $100 funny? That's what I need to know.
I'm sure they'd rather me buy an Eye of Judgment instead.
I don't think so.
Ain't going to happen.
Eye of Judgment rock band smoke machine.
Sometimes it's just too hard to tell.
Loki, I know what you should do.
You should give me that money, and I'm going to put it towards my Disney World trip
that Dark Soccer and I are going to take.
Right, Dark Soccer?
Yes.
All right.
Disney World is the place that Dark Soccer and I have to visit someday.
The cool thing is that maybe this will be up and running by the time we go there.
Now, this is just a rumor, but I think this is awesome.
Disney is considering using the DS as a platform to run park maps.
Now, this wouldn't be the first time that Disney's done something like this.
You might remember a story earlier last year when they enacted the Pirates of the Caribbean game
on the DS was going to interact with the ride.
In other words, if you booted up the game when you were in proximity of the ride,
you'd unlock a new character or something.
Something a little silly, but it gave you incentive to go into the park and actually get this,
especially if you were a season pass holder and you could just go any old time.
Well, the cool thing about this is that the DS, this would be some type of application
that would download to your DS.
It would be a tour of the park, basically.
What you could do, imagine this.
Let's say you use your stylus to click on New Orleans Square.
You click on that, and then you can actually click on the Haunted Mansion
and see that the wait time for that ride is 20 minutes.
Smart.
That's a really kick-ass application, I think, in many ways.
Oh, thank you.
Sorry, we're being brought cookies right now that are being made.
I don't want to drop them like I did the coffee.
What kind of cookies are these?
Snickerdoodles.
Snickerdoodles.
Oh, I get all three then.
No.
I'm just kidding.
No, you can get me one.
All right, hold on.
These are hot.
These are just out of the oven.
All right, guys, the show has been interrupted for cookies.
Oh, my gosh, they're so good.
I'm waiting to try one.
Oh, hot.
Hold on.
Yeah, I know they're hot.
Hold on.
Snickerdoodles are like the best cookies.
Oh, those are good.
What's a snickerdoodle?
They're cinnamon sugar cookies.
They're cinnamon.
They taste like, thank you, Katie.
Oh, she can hear it good.
All right.
So anyway, where were we?
Cookie goodness.
No, Disney.
Let's see.
Haunted Mansion wait ride.
Oh, yeah.
So you can click on an area and see how long the wait is.
And you can actually go, let's say you could click on it.
And when I say click, I mean tap with your stylist, obviously, right?
You could click on the Liberty Tree Tavern, which is one of the restaurants at Walt Disney
World, and you could see what their menu is.
So you could actually see the menus of the restaurants without having to go into them.
If you could make reservations at Blue Bayou with this, then this would be the shit.
You have to call Disney Dining.
No, I know.
I know.
But anyway, I think that's kind of rad.
That would be an awesome thing.
I mean, can you imagine if they did this?
Like, me, you, Chris, Megsy would all have to make a trip and just have our DSs out the
whole time.
Like, okay, what's got a short wait right now?
Let's go to Indy.
Right?
It'd be fun.
That would be a very smart thing, but we go to Disneyland much more than we go to Disney
World.
But someday, someday we have to make it to Disney World.
I'm actually planning on going sometime this year, which is partly why we didn't renew
my annual pass.
Sounds like fun, though.
Well, something else is really fun and sort of making me kind of want an Nvidia card now.
Is it Nvidia entered into agreement with Valve for development and distribution of games?
Valve is going to have available for Steam users that use Nvidia hardware for free games,
which is PEGL Extreme, whatever the hell that is, Half-Life Lost Coast, Half-Life 2 Deathmatch,
and Portal First Slice.
And First Slice, it's actually a demo of Portal, a free demo of Portal.
So I guess if you were wanting to try it on your system, then this is your way to do it.
But it's kind of cool.
And they're also working on doing releases for Team Fortress 2 and Counter-Strike, so
they can have real-life versus competitions and things like that.
Cool.
Sorry, chewing on a cookie.
I know, cookies are freaking good.
Anyways, let's see, last week we talked about an Xbox Live lawsuit that some people are
trying to file to claim $5 million in damages for downtime for Xbox Live.
Well, Gaming Steve actually did the math to figure out how much that would be, or how
much they're really entitled to.
And apparently, of course, the service is $50 a year.
One day worth of outages is approximately 13.7 cents.
So for about the six days of outages, that's 82 cents.
Or $2.46 for the three who filed the suit.
So punitive damages aside, the $5 million would cover 36.5 million Xbox Live Gold users.
And of course, we know that there's only about 10 million users right now.
And you can send that to me in a check, Microsoft, 82 cents.
No, I'm just kidding.
They are giving the free Xbox Live game, I suppose.
Which is approximately worth $5, if you think about it, so you're getting a way better deal
this way.
Yeah, but at the same time, how do we not know they weren't planning on doing this anyway?
I mean, it's not like Microsoft hasn't given away free arcade games before.
How do we know they weren't planning this anyway?
Just saying.
You don't know.
You don't.
But anyway.
No, Darktitsuyu, you're right.
Darktitsuyu in chat says, Rob, wait, I thought you weren't endorsing this lawsuit.
You're right, I'm not.
It's stupid.
Obviously, I'm being an idiot when I say that they should send me an 82 cent check.
They don't owe me anything but a hug.
I would like a hug and reassurance that everything will be okay soon.
Anyhow, you would think that maybe more news on the lawsuit would invoke our FUs of the
week or possibly win a stupid award, but my God, how could we when there was this news
that came out this week?
And this has to do with a certain CEO in the UK named Steve Easterbrook.
He made a quote this week blaming video games for the obesity epidemic.
I don't know who is to blame.
The issue of obesity is complex and is absolutely one our society is facing.
There's no denial about that, but if you break it down, I think there's an education piece.
How can we better communicate to individuals the importance of a balanced diet and taking
care of themselves?
Then there's a lifestyle element.
There's fewer green spaces and kids are sat home playing computer games on the TV when
in the past they'd have been burning off energy outside.
Okay, fair enough.
Just another person trying to knock video games for making kids fat.
But then you have to consider who he is the CEO of.
Do you know who he's the CEO of?
McDonald's.
It's all their blame game thing trying to get the thing off of them, especially since
they were under such heavy scrutiny after Super Size Me came out.
So I'm thinking like, okay, so video games make kids fat.
I would like to point out that in many McDonald's around the country, they have those Nintendo
64 play zones and stuff, so it's not like, granted, he's in the UK and it's America.
Here, kid, go play with some old games.
They still have Nintendo 64 after all these years.
Don't they have a DS wireless station too?
I seem to remember that was big news last year.
But anyhow, regardless, despite that hypocrisy where McDonald's actually endorses video games
in their stores, there's just that whole thing about, okay, well, so the video games make
kids fat, but the chicken McNuggets and hot apple pies with the molten lava in the center
of them do not make kids fat, or McFlurries and cones.
You know what it is?
What?
And actually, he did say it himself.
It's a matter of lifestyle.
You can sit around all day and play a game, or you can get out and engage in a sport,
but also it has to do with what you're eating.
And this is something that my trainer said when I used to do spin all the time.
She's like, you know, you can, all these people who hit a plateau, she says she broke her
plateau by going out and eating junk food for a week and then went back to the gym,
and it tricked her body right back into losing again because it's like, okay, well, I'm no
longer on this little amount of food, I'm on this much food, and so it went right back
into burning.
I mean, you've got to eat to lose, is how it works.
McDonald's can be a part of a healthy diet.
It can.
Well, especially they've enacted so many different choices that they have.
You can get apples, as long as you don't dip them in caramel sauce.
I freaking love that apple walnut salad thingy they have there.
Be careful of the yogurt dressing.
Yeah.
Well, not just that, but the walnuts themselves aren't that healthy, but certainly more healthy
than a quarter pounder with cheese, right?
Well, yeah, and it's all a matter of not only looking at the content of your food but looking
at how much of it you are eating.
Right.
I mean, you can even go and have a freaking Chicken McNuggets meal as long as you have
it once a week and you don't get super-sized french fries.
You have your six nuggets and small fries.
No, you don't eat the french fries.
Or whatever.
If you're going to get your chicken nuggets, get a side salad with it.
And put the nuggets in the salad, instant chicken salad.
I've done that before.
Actually, they have really good chicken salad there.
I used to order it when I worked right next to McDonald's.
So regardless, just saying, you know, it's not like you eat it occasionally and not every
day.
You're fine.
It's not where you eat.
It's not, you know, it's what you do and what you eat.
It's not the where, the who, the any of that.
It's what you're doing.
It's nobody else's fault but your own.
That's how I say it.
Or just be fat and be beautiful.
If you're happy.
Be BB.
Be a BBW, a big beautiful woman or a BBM.
You know what?
People should be happy the way they are and I think that a lot of this, you know, crap
that people go through for, you know, the yo-yo diets and all of that is just people
being unhappy with themselves.
And I think the moment that you learn to be happy with yourself and, you know, and I know
that I don't always, you know, do the same thing myself but the moment that you are happy
with yourself, you will find that with an improvement in your self-esteem, your body
is going to follow.
All right.
Well, anyway.
Or you won't care.
Obviously, the hypocrisy of the McDonald's CEO pointing the finger at video games incites
a certain sort of rage within us that can only be crushed by us venting our FUs of the
week.
I accidentally used the old song tonight but we'll deal.
Sorry.
Dark Sakura.
I don't know if you're using the old music.
Actually, I'd have to say FU to my day, I've had sort of a disappointing day and disappointing
is a very good word for it.
I've had multiple in a row disappointments and I want an iMac so FU to me not having
an iMac.
I'll go next if you're done.
My FU goes to, oh, me going to the grocery store today, well, first FU to me for putting
in the wrong song.
FU to this cup of coffee for getting cold and then FU to me going to the store today
without my wallet.
That's a bit embarrassing if you go to the front with a full thing of groceries and you
don't have your wallet.
Thank God I didn't do that.
So if you're picturing me in the store in that awkward moment, that didn't happen because
thank God I was looking for something at the store to deal with the fly problem we have
here in the studio and while I was browsing, that was the first thing I was looking at
and I got a phone call while I was browsing and as I reached for my phone, that was the
moment I realized, hey, wait a minute, my phone's here but my wallet's not so thankfully
I just put the cart back empty and snuck out of the store like nothing ever happened in
the first place.
But that still was a waste of gas.
FU to the muscle that's cold in my abdomen here because it makes it really hard for me
to breathe and it hurts when I laugh.
It hurts when you laugh?
It hurts when I laugh.
I will give you a bit of advice if you are going to rub it good clockwise because otherwise
you will get a constitution.
It's true.
Have you had trouble going lately?
No, I have not had trouble going.
No, no, no, no.
I have actually discovered this little fact as a massage therapist that your digestion
grows clockwise and you can actually block your digestion by going counter-clockwise
if you are looking at your stomach.
You learn something new every day.
You really do.
You can actually handle it.
I want really good.
Yeah.
Let's not talk about colon physics on the air.
Is that a trick I can play on my friends is run up to people and rub their bellies counter-clockwise
and go, ha ha, you're constipated.
No, it takes everyone.
I'm just being a little silly.
Although Mac Man in chat says it's almost like a challenge now, he says, everyone make
Loki laugh.
I already watched the Gary's Mod 100 Deaths video and that was painful enough.
I'm going to put my advice in the chat window.
All right.
You need to do your next story, Dark Soccer, before you get to advice.
Games first, constipation later.
Starting out on the Virtual Console in the UK, we have Star Tropics for NES.
It was released on the 11th.
Also, our good friends at Sega have produced Alien Storm, so they are getting that, which
is a side-scrolling game where you fight aliens.
It was a master system.
Actually, no, it was not on Master System.
I do believe it was a Genesis game.
Any news yet?
No, I take that back.
It was on Master System, but it was missing characters on Master System.
Do we have any news on what games we're getting over here in this country yet?
I have no idea.
In the US?
All right.
Well, I guess we'll find out tomorrow.
In the meantime, more news.
In the latest editorial for EGM, the editor-in-chief, Dan Hsu, actually called out three companies
for allegedly refusing to work with the magazine due to negative reviews of their games.
According to him, the three companies involved with that would be Midway's Mortal Kombat
team, the Sony Sports Division, and Ubisoft, and they're flat-out refusing to give EGM
access to early previews or reviews, and so basically he said, warning readers, that they're
going to get little, late, or no coverage of these three companies' games, and they
won't treat these products or companies any differently, they'll just cover them to their
best ability without their support, because after all, they're writing for the reader,
not them.
So that's kind of interesting that he called them out.
I don't know if that's a really good idea for those companies, because after the whole
Gerstmann thing, I mean, I can kind of herd them.
I kind of support the calling out of these companies, yeah, so I don't know.
Part of me was kind of like, I don't know why this is such huge news, but I think it
is kind of big, because somebody's kind of finally taking a step and saying, let's call
them out on what they're doing, and the fact that if they get negative reviews, they leave
the room with their panties in a huff, but I'm just surprised that somebody would do
this to a company like EGM, Ziff Davis, who has the one-up, they have a lot of muscles,
so that seems kind of counterproductive.
Your company is going to put out a game that's not well-liked once in a while, but the same
thing happens with movie studios, and does 20th Century Fox stop showing their movies
to Roger Ebert just because they don't like one of his reviews?
No?
You just, you deal.
Well, and I think it's stupid anyways, because it's just going to be more negative feedback
for them.
I mean, not that it really affected Kent Lynch, I guess, but this isn't the first companies
to do this.
Apparently, Capcom at one time pulled all their coverage from EGM as well, and now they're
back supporting them, so...
I don't know.
It's just going to hurt, really, those three publishers anyways, because now their game's
going to be exposed to less people, you know?
Coverage is coverage, you know, you may have bad coverage, but at least it's coverage.
Sometimes too, I've noticed in my experience, it's one douchey person at a company can kind
of ruin it.
Like, you know, it might not be, like, for instance, I did not have a positive experience
with Capcom at one E3, but that's because they had one douchey person representing them
that kind of treated me kind of mean and looked down on me because I wasn't a journalist from
some big, huge magazine or whatever, but I had some shitty little podcast, right?
So that kind of tarnished Capcom's image, but I'm sure there's a lot of great people
that work for that company, and they do put out a lot of very solid games, but it did
kind of leave you this taste in my mouth of, like, wow, Capcom kind of fucking sucks, but
it obviously didn't impact the amount of news or coverage we did on this program, but sometimes
one douchey person can really, you know, so I kind of wonder, maybe it's not necessarily
Ubisoft, but it's like that one person in the department who's the liaison who got their
feathers ruffled is now kind of ruining it for everybody.
It is pretty bad, and it's all, it wasn't really reviews, it was based on, like, previews
and stuff, because they're being honest with their previews saying, hey, there's these
bugs in the game, you know, and hopefully they get worked out, because otherwise, you
know, it's gonna suck.
And I think that's an honest opinion.
And they realize that it's, you know, not finished yet, and that's why they phrased
it in such a way, but, you know, apparently they took that as, oh, well, how dare you
talk about our game, blah, blah, blah, you know, they only want glowing reviews.
Well, if that's the case, then why don't you write your own fucking previews and just submit
it to the magazine, then, if you don't want anyone doing that.
Just have all the game companies write their fluff and submit it in.
We'll just do it all like press releases or something like that.
Then everybody can own a game magazine.
Just be careful who you have dealing with the public, period.
I mean, when I say public I could be other, you know, game journalists or other, you know,
literally the public at trade shows and things.
Just be careful who you have dealing with the public, that's all.
That's good customer service, right?
I don't know.
Right.
Good customer service.
Whether that be, you know, customer service, meaning your customer is, you know, if you're
in a PR department, then your customer is the press, so be careful who you have representing.
Well, and to put it this way, this is something that we went over in one of my old customer
service classes when I, you know, worked on the phone, is that for every one person that
is an advocate that goes out and says something, you have eight more people who are going to
talk to their friends, and they're going to talk to their friends, and they're going to
talk to their friends.
It's sort of like dropping, you know, a boulder in a lake or something.
Eventually it's going to cause enough waves.
Something I don't talk about a lot on this program, but my day job, I actually am a trainer
for customer service for our call center for a major health insurance company.
So you know, I definitely, it always makes me frown when I see poor customer service,
whether it be at a, you know, at a Safeway, Bel Air grocery store type thing, or a, you
know, video game trade show.
What the hell is wrong with you?
It's easy.
Just be nice.
It's a tough job.
Customer service is a tough job, and so I never, like whenever I call in, if I'm like
totally pissed off, like the, you know, let's say the cable's down or whatever, you know,
it's been down for a long time or whatever, and I call in, I never get mad at the rep.
I just go, I'm really upset about this situation.
What can we do to resolve the situation?
You know, I never get mad at the rep because I realize they're just doing a job, and it's
a very challenging job.
And I urge everybody, don't get mad at the person on the phone because they're paid to
try and help you.
Unless they're being douchebags.
Unless they're being douchebags, then have a field day.
And do not ask for the supervisor first.
Give them a chance.
Exactly.
SSJ100Matt says, wait, but Rob, didn't you hang up on the Nintendo rep?
Yeah, but that was just a, that was a stupid prank.
That's different.
Much different.
All right.
Anyhow, let's talk about something else.
Going back to Microsoft, do you remember the diamond card?
Don't you have one of these, Loki?
Yes, I do have one of these.
I never bothered to get one, and I'm probably going to be kicking myself now because the
Xbox Live diamond card, which gets you discount.
Have you ever used the diamond card out of curiosity?
No.
That's what I thought.
I just have it because it was neat, and it was free.
Well, it won't be free much longer.
It's going to have a $6.95 annual fee.
Part of the reason this is being blamed for now having the fee is because the diamond
card program is moving over to a new kind of system.
It's the Passport Unlimited.
So anyhow.
To be honest, the program sucks, and it's really hard to figure out what your, unless
you know what the website is to look up the discounts or whatever you get on it, it's
not very good.
I know there's discounts on clothing and shit, but I don't use it.
It's nothing really, I don't know, it works for me.
I just have one because it's neat.
Well, beginning March 1st, 2008 is when the $6.95 annual fee will go into place.
I am assuming that Loki will not be paying this fee.
Fuck no, I will not be paying that fee, and I don't think a lot of people will be.
I don't see why he would need to pay a $7 fee.
Well I don't know if somebody is actually using it, which, let's see, Hitstun in the
chatroom says, I used the diamond card at Dave and Buster's.
That's a pretty fun place.
Wait a second though.
Let's just think about this for a second.
How are these businesses or whatever that probably just have a blank discount for the
diamond card are going to know whether you have paid the fee or not?
You're just going to have your card.
Does it have a barcode?
I don't know.
It doesn't have like a mag strip or anything.
Expiration date?
I don't think they have expiration dates, but that might be a way...
Loki's getting out the card.
He's getting out his wallet.
He's getting out the card.
Let's see here.
Hold on.
That's a good question.
How are they going to know?
It's just like if I go to the movies and I use my old Chico State ID card, how do they
know?
Oh wait, it has the year on it.
I don't know.
Actually, I don't know if it does have the year on it.
I honestly lost the thing a long time ago, but I know people that do that.
They use their student ID years later.
It does have an expiration date, and for the record, mine expired last year, so...
But it does have a...
Wait, let me see.
It doesn't have an expiration date?
No, it does.
No, it does.
Expiration 507.
So there you go.
Maybe that's all they know.
They'll send something out to all the retailers that say...
Those things suck anyways, because I remember when that program first came around, it took
me like six months to get mine, so even if you paid the $7, you're already pissed away
half a year, so I don't know.
Oh, alright.
So I don't know.
I'd be curious to see if anybody in chat...
Is anybody in chat considering renewing the card?
That's what I'd like to know, or get some phone calls on that later.
Meanwhile, while we await that feedback, we'll move on to another story.
Well, the ESRB has put out a rating on Peggle, and Bust-A-Move, and Bliss Island for the
Xbox 360.
Peggle is, I guess, a puzzle game.
I don't know, I haven't really played it any, but then there's also...
I'm guessing these are going to be stuff that's going to be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade.
Peggle is fun, actually.
It's one of the better PopCap games to come out in a long time.
You know, I'll say this about the PopCap games.
Make fun of them all you want for being the casual games, but most of the ones I've played
are really addicting and fun, and you know, I see people at work playing those games all
the time on their breaks and stuff.
I was going to say, Peggle was confirmed that it is coming out, so PopCap did confirm that
one.
Wow.
It's fun!
I like Peggle.
So, you know, most likely these are going to be coming out at some point.
Why would you rate them if they're not?
Exactly.
Exactly.
Well, I didn't get any feedback from the chat room, except SSJ100Matt says, I still use
my four years expired student ID for movie ticket discounts, so...
Yeah, that's the other thing, too.
I mean, most of these people, like if you're going into a store or whatever, are they really
going to know to look for, you know, the expiration date on that?
They might not.
Or they may just not care, so try it.
So with your PlayStation 3 systems, you have a pretty large hard drive, you may be wondering,
what the hell am I going to use this for?
Well, one such game, like Devil May Cry 4, which will have achievements, although I don't
really know how you're going to be able to see these, seeing as home isn't coming out
for a while now.
But one thing it will require, though, is that you install it to the hard drive.
Five gigabytes of it will be installed to the hard drive.
Oh, and by the way, that will take approximately 25 to 40 minutes.
So before you can play your game, you must waste 40 minutes.
Awesome.
And I know that's not the only game that has you install it to its hard drive.
Like for example, Ratchet and Clank, Ridge Racer has the option to do that, I'm pretty
sure Oblivion does, and a bunch of other ones.
Cool.
Wait, does Oblivion on the PlayStation 3 let you install?
I think so.
Does it save that much time by doing so?
I don't know.
Probably not.
You know, I was just thinking, I really do need to go back and play some more Oblivion.
God damn, that game is great.
It really is.
You have to do nothing in Oblivion and have fun.
Do we have any news on Elder Scrolls V?
No.
At all?
You know they've got to be making it.
Just play, I don't know, play Half-Life or something.
Why?
I want to go back and play.
That's not Oblivion.
Half-Life 2 or something.
Well, maybe I'll play Street Fighter IV when it's released, because it looks better and
better every day.
I actually like the look of Street Fighter IV.
I know it's causing some controversy, but it looks like a lot of fun to me, and of course
Street Fighter is going to be bringing back a lot of the old characters you know and love,
like Ken, Ryu, Chun-Li, I think Dalzim has been announced as well.
But there's some new characters.
One of the new ones is Crimson Viper, and Crimson Viper has showed up from some magazine
scans that were posted all over the interwebs.
Crimson Viper, I don't know, she kind of reminds me of King a little bit, but with more boobage,
like you know King from Art of Fighting, and this big pink ponytail.
But she has that very kind of manly tuxedo look to her.
So she looks like she could be fun.
Dark Soccer, you could probably cosplay that, you know, with the glasses look and everything.
That's quite alright.
You don't want to do the boobage?
Well, I have before.
No, I've cosplayed Biken before from Guilty Gear, because I remember Evan helped me with
Claw.
Oh, true true.
We stayed up for three days working on it.
They just need to come out with Namco and Capcom need to kind of come together, and
also Tecmo and just make Boob Fighter, just like large-breasted women fighting games.
And then steal the Clay Fighter theme.
Boob Fighter, Boob Boob Fighter.
Anyhow, apparently Crimson Viper has a whole new fighting style, never seen in the Street
Fighter series.
Couldn't tell you what that style is yet, but maybe it has to do with her boops.
I doubt that.
Or probably fighting with her hair, although, wait, wasn't that done before?
I think that was done before somewhere.
That was Milia in Guilty Gear.
Well, speaking of Capcom, they're doing... at least it's a rumor right now that there's
another Resident Evil arcade game.
I didn't know there was a first Resident Evil arcade game.
Well, yeah, there were the gun survivor games.
Oh, those were in the arcade?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
I played the second one, which was the one based on Code Veronica.
That was in Las Vegas at some arcade that's not open anymore.
But the voice actress, Tara Platt, who was Jill's voice actor, is saying that she's working
for M on another arcade game that's going to be released in Japan.
She said that she really likes playing Jill.
And the quote at the end of what she had to say is, you can bet it'll be on the lookout
for the game in arcades there.
They just couldn't stand watching a Silent Hill arcade game come in there and look awesome.
I don't know, the gun survivor games are fun.
That should better be coming to a console.
I hope the Wii.
It should.
I don't see why they couldn't do it on the Wii.
Konami, if y'all are listening, seriously, put that Silent Hill game on the Wii with
the using the gun controller thingy.
And for the love of God, look at what Ghost Squad is doing and do it that way.
Because I don't know about target terror, but something tells me it's not going to be
that good.
Well, you know, I always thought that when they brought out the old gun survivor games,
that they, like how, you know the Dreamcast gun, right?
How it had the controller on it?
I always thought that they should do a game where, because if you hold it two hands, you've
got your D-pad on there that you can use to move through the game.
And you know, you can use it for the pushing motions and all of that too, but you have
your gun.
We were talking about how they should do a walk through House of the Dead that used that
sort of functionality.
I think that that would work for a gun survivor.
That's basically what they're doing right now with Time Crisis 4.
Very cool.
The Skype line will be opening soon, by the way.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, or you can always give us a call toll free
in the U.S. and Canada, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype again, OrangeLoungeRadio, but one more story before we get to that.
So one of the big announcements that we're waiting for is a firm date on when the Wii
Ware service is going to actually come out.
Now a little bit of a hint to this may be coming from a third-party developer, Engine
Software, who has a game that's going to be on there, and according to them, the launch
date is scheduled for this March.
So with, I know, Game Developers Conference right around the corner, maybe that's something
that they'll talk about since, you know, that would be something that developers would be
interested in, maybe.
Oh, that's true.
That's a really good point, is that possibly that's something we'll be seeing around Game
Developers Conference.
I hope so.
That would make sense, because, you know, something that they can produce games cheaply
on their service, it would be right up their alley for them to announce something like
that.
I'm looking forward to WiiWare, but I'm also looking forward to some type of hard drive
or something to keep all this crap on that I download.
I really, really hope that's in Nintendo's future, but who knows.
At least allowing you to put them on, like, memory sticks or something like that.
Because I'm sorry, that whole excuse of, well, you can just download it again doesn't work
for me.
What's the point of having a damn SD memory card slot in there if you're not going to
use it?
Or even USB ports if you're not going to use them.
So I can put pictures on my camera phone and send them to my friends on the Wii?
I've done that a lot, actually.
A little silly.
It's silly, but it's fun.
So how many pictures have you sent for Pokemon Snap?
Only a couple.
I don't have a lot of friends, I don't know who on my Wii list would get a kick out of
seeing that.
I sent some to Jason, our webmaster, my friend in New York.
I told Dan to download it, but he hasn't yet because he's a butthead.
I have it, nah nah nah.
I'll send you some pictures that you can show Dan.
Okay.
I'd be like, Rob says he'll stop sending us pictures if you give me a game.
Actually, we've had a problem with our Wii Connect.
Oh no.
It hasn't wanted to.
Oh, that sucks.
So we've had a hard time updating our software.
So, ew.
What a bummer.
All right.
Well, let's open up the Skype line at username Orange Launch Radio or our phone number 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our Skype line is now open for business.
And of course, we're already getting some calls, so let's go take a call.
Hi.
You are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Ravenstaufen.
How are you?
I'm fine.
And I'm so shocked and odd that you got through first somehow.
Hello.
You got a quick finger there dialing in.
That's all right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
What's on my mind?
Alex Navarro.
What's on your mind?
Ah, the editor who left GameSpot this week.
We brought him up briefly in part A. What did you want to say?
You know, that's a shocker.
You know, the other guy, Greg Provo, left and now Jeff.
It just seems like everyone's jumping ship of GameSpot.
It just seems like it's just been a nightmare over there.
And you know, I'm glad that he jumped ship because I thought he was really going to stay.
I don't know.
Am I the only one that kind of thinks really it's not that big of a deal because this is
just some corporate website and you know, I mean, I don't, I don't really have, you
know, attachments to reviewers, you know what I mean?
It's just, I guess you could say, okay, this just continues that fallout from what was
a huge thing that happened in the journalistic industry as a whole late last year, but I
don't know.
I'm kind of over it at this point.
You know, I think, I think lots of lessons have been learned here that aren't soon to
be repeated, especially now this whole, you know, now it's, oh, we're not afraid to name
names after this week.
You know what I mean?
What do you think about all that?
I just watch IGN myself.
What do you think about the editorial from EGM?
I just think that's just a little shocking.
He's just going like, yeah, F them.
I don't care.
Yeah.
You know, we're blackball you.
Just send, we'll send you the game.
We just rate games.
So it's kind of like unprofessional, but I don't know why he's just doing what he needs
to do.
Well, it was kind of, but it was kind of one of those, you know, it wasn't like he was
going rawr, we're going to beat you up because he was like, well, we'll review their games
anyway, but it just might be slower because you know, they don't send us the free stuff.
But I mean, it's not like you can't run a gaming website without ever getting free games.
I mean, look at what we're doing.
Hello.
You know, but I understand we don't, we're not for profit either and all these guys are.
So obviously it's a little different, but you know, if you love what you do, you can
do it.
I know I do.
But I understand you got to pay the bills, blah, blah, blah.
So what else did you want to share with us Raven's Dolphin?
Anything else?
Yes.
One more thing.
You were talking about that four girls finger painting.
I'm not going to say anything about it, but let's just say that I do a show every Saturday
night and they kind of dug me.
They had to get some digs out of me.
So I had to watch it live on air.
So this video is really bad.
So stay away.
I've heard things.
I actually, the only way I heard of it is don't hate me for this, but I was on Perez
Hilton.com.
Don't laugh.
And I saw his reaction video to it and it was kind of funny.
So is there really on YouTube?
Not on YouTube, but on that site that's dead operator 11.
Oh, it's on operator 11.
Really where can I find it?
Under my name, just saying return of Raven's Dolphin under my account.
How far in the show do I have to look?
Not far.
It should be like right there.
It should be like the second one before failure, before the cartoon cast and all that.
Search for it later.
I'll give you the thing.
Are you Raven's Dolphin one here?
Let's see.
Did you?
Yeah, I'm one.
Cartoon cast?
I don't care about cartoon cast.
Where's return of Raven's Dolphin?
Poop on a stick.
Return of dolphin.
Poop on a stick.
Return of dolphin.
Oh, there it is.
Why did you call it poop on a stick?
That's kind of nasty.
Because it is nasty.
All right.
Where, where in the show will I see this?
Right at the very beginning?
Yeah, it's only six minutes.
We're not watching all six minutes.
Just speed it up.
Speed it up.
Speed it up.
It's epic.
It should be epic.
I'm doing it right now.
I'm doing it right now.
Oh, I think he's doing it.
Wow, my precious ears.
I'm sorry.
That's all right.
I said it was loud.
That's all right.
Anyhow, it just sounded like chaos.
It was chaos.
What do you expect?
But, I mean, all right.
Forget it.
I'm wasting everybody's time.
I was doing it from a MacBook.
All right.
I'm wasting everybody's time.
Anything else you want to share with us, Raven's Dolphin?
Not just that.
And bye.
All right.
All right.
If you want to give us a call.
Forget it.
Another one's already coming in.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
GS68.
Hi, GS68.
What's on your mind?
Well, with the release of Rock Band, as I expected, there are people who think it's
the first game to have a drum part.
Wait.
I'm sorry.
We're in the back.
You're a little quiet.
Get close to your microphone and repeat that.
I'm sorry.
Well, with the recent release of Rock Band, I've been, as I expected, coming across people
who think it's the first game to use drums.
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
Yeah.
I mean, didn't the same thing happen with Guitar Hero?
Like, remember how all these awards were lavished upon Guitar Hero for being original?
Yeah.
Just an original game, et cetera.
And to be fair, it did, you know, I would say there was a lot original about Guitar
Hero.
It wasn't the first game to ever use a guitar, but it was the first one to be so successful.
But then, remember this?
Remember when, I think it was X-Play, then did a review of Beatmania here in America,
and they said it was a ripoff of Guitar Hero?
And like, all us people that have been following music games for years and years were like,
what the fuck?
You guys are stupid.
Right?
It's just kind of like that mentality all over again, where if you do it well, you get
the credit for doing it first.
Of course.
Well, on top of Rock Band's drums, before anyone calls me up and money elite this, Drummino
is not the first game to have drums.
Like, wasn't MTV Drumscape released in, like, I think 1996?
You know, I don't really remember, but was Drumscape even really a game?
Wasn't Drumscape just kind of a, like, screw-around thing?
Like I don't really think there was anything to it.
Like I don't remember there being songs in Drumscape.
Drumscape looked like a phone booth with drums in it.
You played along with the songs, and you were judged on your accuracy for going along with
them.
But there was no rhyme or reason to it, right?
Bad songs?
Did they?
I don't know, like, hit when the line crosses such and such.
There's nothing like that.
Interesting.
I'm not sure.
When did the first...
Well, let's see.
If Drumscape was out in 96, the first DDR was out in 98.
So I don't know.
Actually, I think it was 97 or so.
I'm looking at the Wikipedia article, but right now it's not written very well.
I had to tag it with the tag.
Well Darktad soon did the research for you and says it came out in 2000.
So maybe it was around the same time as DrumMania.
But regardless, I mean, I get your point, is that maybe, you know, even so, you could
say that I'm sure there were older games that even made use of drums.
Maybe not like a full drum peripheral, but I'm trying to think of like older games.
This whole topic came back to me as a recent gif after recent Rockman, and someone's like,
oh, there's another game besides Donkey Kong that uses drums, and that had me face-powling
for a bit.
Well, there's also Taiko no Tatujin.
Let's not forget that.
That's kind of a drum game.
I mean, it's not like a drum set, but certainly it's drums.
So there's plenty of drum games already out there.
It's just that Rockband gave it a different twist.
You can't tell me that Rockband was not like, you can't tell me nobody there at Harmonix
thought about Konami's session mode in the arcade and how much fun we were all having
with that.
But props to them, you know, and I've said this for a long time.
I said this before Rockband came out.
If Konami doesn't have the balls to do it, someone else will.
And someone else did, and someone else is now taking all the money that Konami could
have had if they just would have put the effort into it.
But it's a risk they don't want to take.
I've noticed recently that, I mean, Harmonix and Sugar, Konami's Marvel's Forest music
game is good, but I've noticed that they've been taking some cues from Konami.
It's like, for example, the fact that hyperspeed is the only cheat you can use and still do
accomplishments or high scores.
That's kind of obscure, though.
I wouldn't say that's anything that was directly inspired by Konami.
That just seems like a logical thing to me.
I mean, there's lots of games that, I mean, a lot of the arcade games that you download,
if you change the arcade default settings, you're not eligible for achievements.
I mean, I wouldn't say that's something that was inspired by Konami, really.
All right, well, we've got to let you go here soon, but GS68, do you have any final thoughts
for us tonight?
No, I'm good.
All right.
Well, you have a great week.
We'll talk to you again.
You, too.
Bye-bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR, if you want to give us a call.
Dang, the phone's ringing off the hook.
I don't even get through the phone number before another call starts coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
I give you three guesses, and the first two don't count.
Well, hello, Rama.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
How's everybody out there?
Hello.
Good.
It also helps that I see your name come up on the screen, but it's what we call the magic
of radio where we pretend that I don't see it so that, you know, you can introduce yourself
to the listener.
But they've probably heard you by now if they've been listening to this show for any length
of time.
Our buddy in New York City, what is on your mind this week, Rama?
Okay, you said you saw Street Fighter the later years, right?
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
Look up Minesweeper, the movie.
Okay.
I have to see this one.
That sounds kind of stupid.
You have to see it.
It's stupid in a funny way.
Well, briefly describe it for our listeners who don't feel motivated to go look.
It's like a parody of, like, an epic movie or something like that, counting, like playing,
it's like real-life Minesweeper.
It's like, Minesweeper meets, like, a standard army movie.
That's what it is.
Very cool.
Yeah.
I like those fake movie trailers.
They're funny.
Pretty much.
Rama, I don't know if I'm maybe blowing the lid open on something, and maybe I should
just kind of sit on it and shut up for a little while longer, but I'm just going to say something.
I believe you are going to be having a show coming to Orange Lawns Radio very soon, aren't
you?
Yeah.
It's still in the works.
I'm waiting for my co-host, and looks like it's definitely going to happen.
We're going to start recording brand new episodes the week of January 20th.
Tell us a little bit about your new show.
Okay.
It's called Anime Jam Sessions.
The reason why I started doing Anime Jam Sessions is because I was looking for a decent anime
podcast.
I was listening to a couple of them, and I didn't like it.
I've always felt that if you don't like it, do something about it.
Put up or shut up.
Thus, I started doing it.
I did a couple episodes to see how it turned out, and a lot of people liked it.
I have me and my friend Koto Usagi, who's going to be my news reporter girl, and I have
some interviews lined up.
Basically, we're going to be talking about what's going on in anime, anime movies, anime
games, cosplay, upcoming conventions, and just a touch of randomness here and there.
Very cool.
That will definitely be coming to the station soon.
We don't know what night yet.
We're still trying to figure that out based on other programs.
There's another program that I told a year ago we were going to get on our station, and
it just never worked out because we have not been having the push to better our 24-hour
seven station, but now in 2008, we're trying to go back to that.
We got to get all these other guys, and I got to see if they even still want to be on
the station.
All these other folks are putting together shows, and Dark Soccer, your show coming back
at some point?
Hopefully, maybe.
Well, we've got the computer we're working on, so...
What about, and I don't know how much I can say about this, but what about your new project?
I was very excited about that, the one you were going to co-host.
The new project is in the works.
With my computer being down, it's been hard.
To those of you that have missed myself, and X-Fern, Rice Princess, and the stuff we were
doing on Wednesday nights, we are going to reform to bring one show very soon.
I hope.
That's going to be awesome.
I'm looking forward to it, too.
So anyhow, so are we going to, and Loki has been talking about, he might even get back
into the swing of things.
It won't be a show that's on our station, though.
Oh, well, F you then.
I don't care.
It's not just an audio program.
And folks, if you want to have a show on Orange Launch Radio, send me an email, rob at orangelaunchradio.com,
and I'll pass it to the other folks, and we'll kind of talk about it.
I would ask if you have any samples, just so we know you're not going to just screw
around with your time, send us some samples, because we are looking to aggressively expand
our programming in 2008 to really make ourselves a full-fledged station.
Because right now, we're kind of a station built around this show, and featuring Travis
on Saturday night, who also does a pretty kick-ass show, you know what I mean?
There's not a lot else right now.
Oh, Diamand has his show, so there's that, too, but there's not a lot.
We want something every night that people can look forward to, so hopefully soon.
Variety is the spice of life.
Exactly.
And we're not opposed to, you know, obviously, anime is not video games, but we realize,
you know, especially with this program, the fan bases cross over a little bit.
So we're not opposed to, you know, and Travis does a lot of sci-fi, also, you know, kind
of a cross-section.
So we're not opposed to things that aren't 100% game-related, but are kind of like in
that same nerdy realm, but just not like G4.
Okay, you're not going to see Fastlane repeats on Orange Launch Radio anytime soon, okay?
Mm-hmm.
Alright.
Rob, did you get the picture mail I sent you?
I did.
Tell the listeners real quick about the picture mail.
I thought it was awesome.
My phone was dying yesterday, though, so I couldn't reply, but tell us about the picture
you sent and where you saw it.
Well, anywho, me and my friend, Shaley, we went to Dave and Buster's to play DDR, but
when we got there, the machine was off, and we were walking around on our way out, and
I see a picture of Mario, and I turn around, and they're at Dave and Buster's Mario Kart
GP2.
That's right.
I heard rumors that was coming, so it's kind of neat to see in arcades.
But the question is, is this one fun?
Because the other one kind of...
Yeah.
It wasn't...
The first one wasn't that great, I have to admit.
I will say this much.
If you suck at racing games in the arcade, you're definitely going to jump on this, because
I picked up on this really quickly, because I can't play Ridge Racer or anything like
that.
But I can play, and it's just totally fun.
Plus, it has a webcam where it takes a picture of you, and it kind of emulates as you pick
up different weapons and stuff.
GS68 says, too bad Mario Kart in the US sucks ass for no card slot.
That I can kind of agree with, and on the downside, you know, in most racing games,
if you come in first place, you get a free game.
You basically have to pay for each round when you play.
That sucks.
I would probably...
You know what I love at Dave and Buster's that I would probably play instead is that
fucking trivia game that gives you tickets.
I kick ass.
Oh yeah, I find myself just sitting there, just playing it.
It's just uber fun.
And, yes, and SSJ100Matt says, and jumping jackpot.
Absolutely, jumping jackpot.
Painting fingers.
Alright, Rama, we gotta let you go.
Any quick final thoughts?
Yeah, about the LAN adapter for GameCube.
One convention we went to years ago, Mario Kart Double Dash, eight players.
You had two cubes hooked up, ran a 50-foot cable down the hallway just to play.
You could use that with Double Dash?
I forgot.
Yes, you can.
Eight player play.
Yes, you can.
Well, that's kind of awesome, I guess.
Too bad that anime convention was probably the only time in the history of man that was
ever used.
Probably.
If we were talking about it for a while, if it came down to it, we were going to pop a
hole in the window and do some MacGyver shit to run the cable down if they were a few floors
down below us.
Wow, that sounds like all kinds of fun, though.
I hope the new Mario Kart's going to bring things like that to the Wii.
Please don't suck, Mario Kart Wii.
Okay, Rama, we really gotta let you go, but have a good one, buddy, okay?
Bye-bye.
If you want to give us a call, 877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
Really quick, though, before I go back to the phones, I want to mention this story.
I don't know if you guys heard about this, but there was Gizmodo blog.
They were at CES.
Did you hear about this?
They got some TV-begone clickers, and they were turning off TVs at CES.
We actually have a little bit of a clip here.
Some guy doing the Motorola presentation, and the guy walks up, and what the hell?
Oh, he tries to turn the TV on.
It doesn't work.
People are playing this game.
Just the TV guy shutting it all off.
And if you want to see the full videos, post to gizmodo.com.
And they kind of realized that what they were doing was really dickish, and it was.
I mean, it's funny.
I hear Loki giggling over there, and it is a little funny in a jackass kind of way, but
you kind of look in retrospect, and you go, what a dick, right?
What a dick.
And they actually post in the Gizmodo blog.
They say, it was too much fun, but watching this video, we realize it probably made some
people's jobs harder, and I don't agree with that, especially Motorola.
We're sorry.
And possibly that's in response to the fact that CEA is threatening to layeth the smacketh
down on this guy who is going around shutting off the computers.
We have been informed of inappropriate behavior on the show floor by a credentialed media
attendee from the website Gizmodo, owned by Gawker Media, specifically the Gizmodo staffer
interfered with the exhibitor booth operations of numerous companies, including disrupting
at least one press event.
The Gizmodo staffer violated the terms of CES media credentials and caused harm to CES
exhibitors.
The Gizmodo staffer has been identified and will be barred from attending any future CES
events.
Additional sanctions against Gizmodo and Gawker Media are under discussion.
I say a well-deserved ban.
I realize it might have been funny in the moment, and in a dick-jerk kind of way it
is funny, but if you're going to be a dick-jerk, expect to get punished like a dick-jerk does.
Get jerked back?
Yep.
So, a well-deserved ban from CES, and the reason why also I say that is because it gives
a bad name to bloggers and independent media everywhere when these guys get invited and
do this.
This is why we get treated like crap at press events.
No, this is not why we get treated like crap at press events, but they treat us like crap
anyways and then they invite these guys, and I'm not going to say that certain other media
outlets do this kind of behavior, but I do know on certain occasions where certain media
outlets came in drunk to certain press events, and that's all I have to say about that.
I remember that one.
It was interesting.
Maybe we should be naming names on this show.
Hell, if the journalists are going to name names, maybe we should be naming the names
of the journalists, but not tonight.
We'll give them something to listen forward to in the future.
All right, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange
Launch Radio.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Ross Deal UT.
Ross Deal UT.
What is on your mind, buddy?
A few things.
First off, yeah, I agree.
That whole nonsense Gizmodo pulled off at CES, that is just completely bushly.
That's the sort of thing you'd expect a fifth grader to do.
I know.
You laugh for 30 seconds and then you go, oh, I'm kind of an asshole for laughing at
this.
It really isn't funny in retrospect.
That's so funny.
Loki, you're just an asshole.
Yeah, I was about to say Loki is a piece of crap anyway, but the thing is that doing that
during the presentations, I wouldn't be surprised if somebody lost their job over that crap.
That's just wrong.
Well, maybe the guy who worked for Gizmodo did, and rightfully so.
And I think that's why CES is saying we are awaiting what further sanctions we want to
do against Gawker and all that stuff is because I think they're waiting to see what the response
is going to be.
And I'll bet you if this guy gets fired, then CEA will take no further action.
They're going to go, okay, we're happy with what happened.
But if Gawker, on the other hand, wanted to go out and say, yeah, we did it.
So what?
And then, you know what, that's going to have severe repercussions.
Well, it's going to have severe repercussions if it goes throughout the whole Gawker network.
Kotaku could even suffer several other sites that are on Gawker.
That could be a problem.
It'll be unfortunate if one jerk has that kind of impact, but we'll see.
We'll see.
Yeah, we'll see.
Anyways, a few stories that I was thinking about.
You heard about this guy who tried to make the nuclear reactor in his home?
No.
That's cool.
No, it wasn't.
Yeah.
Apparently, the FBI went to this kid in Texas that fucked up the exact city, but apparently
the guy was blogging about how he was playing around with some uranium, you know, the radiation
in their houses doubled.
This was a few years ago.
No, no.
This was recent.
Oh, it happened again?
Yeah.
It was posted on January 10th, actually.
I've read something about something similar a few years ago.
Tigerclaw just posted the link in our chat.
Apparently, it ran on Kotaku earlier this week.
I've read something similar about that, but I think it was somewhere else, but it wasn't
a game.
It was like this 11-year-old genius.
Yeah, 11-year-old kid.
I remember that one, but this one was an out-of-work guy living in his parents' basement who thought
it'd be fun to play with some uranium and make a little reactor.
Let me read this from Kotaku here.
The man is an out-of-work computer whiz who redesigns video games.
He said he started studying physics around the eighth grade.
He said he's a science buff who is fascinated by nuclear reactions and radiations.
These things are in your tap water, you know, in the dirt.
You could hold a Geiger counter up to a banana and get a count off of it.
He's always been curious about how things work and likes to do his own experiments.
The man decided to create a small-scale nuclear reaction in the same room he plays his video
games as his latest experiment.
What a weirdo.
Yeah, but you need plutonium, not uranium.
You can buy uranium off of Amazon.com.
It's like 30 bucks.
Seriously.
Yeah, I thought they put him in my little hand.
Rockwall, Texas.
So if you live in Rockwall, you might want to make sure you don't live next door to this
guy, you know, just in case.
And the only reason he got caught is because he's an idiot and blogged about it.
You don't blog about it until you actually create a nuclear reactor.
Then that's when you blog about it.
I agree with SSJ 100 Matt saying in chat, leave the experiments to Mr. Wizard and Bill
Nye.
Except Mr. Wizard's dead, isn't he?
Zombie Mr. Wizard.
There it is.
There it is.
This other one was a 15-year-old who had another building that he was building the nuclear
reactor in.
Wait for it.
If he kills himself or gives himself radiation poisoning, he's going to blame it on Half-Life.
Games made him do it.
The machine that he made only created enough energy to heat a cup of coffee, and the radiation
level was actually fairly safe.
That's what I need.
A nuclear Hello Kitty coffee machine to keep my coffee warm.
But it was a 15-year-old using graduate level physics textbooks and used vacuum pump manufacturer
manuals and scoured the web for two times.
Dude, the FBI shouldn't be going to this guy's house to bust the guy.
They should be going to offer him a job.
They should be freaking sending him to college.
This guy's going to have all sorts of work coming towards him.
With all this attention, he's going to be working in a university, so no time at all.
We're looking at the next Doogie Howser of the physics world.
All right.
Well, here it is.
Any other stories you want to share with us, Rusty, on YouTube?
Well, one other thing I wanted to talk about was the whole thing with EGM and the three
companies.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I find it real hard to be sympathetic to the 1UP Network.
The thing is with the 1UP Network is that, really, they're a little more than a tabloid.
It's not so much about delivering news and giving honest opinions as it is about being
sensational.
I knew that word was going to come into play.
I'm thinking in the back of my mind, I'm like, oh, he's talking sensationalist, which I kind
of agree.
Listen, I mean, you remember after Gerstmann got fired, the whole thing with the protest
in front of the CNET building?
You know, I don't believe that they're sensationalist.
It's not like they come to press events drunk.
Oh, wait, no, no.
They do.
I'm safe.
Yes, they do.
They do their podcast drunk.
What are you talking about?
To be fair, we have two, but you know.
Yeah, but also, we don't get paid.
Nobody pays us to do this program.
We pay to do this program.
That's how sick we are.
You know what I mean?
But I was about to say, you guys are a bunch of amateurs in a garage.
These guys are supposed to be professionals, and they are the least professional outfit
in the entire gaming big review industry.
And you see it in their reviews.
They go out of their way to be negative.
You look at, particularly in the EGM, the thing that got Ubisoft mad was the fact that
quite frankly, they were unfair about Assassin's Creed.
They wanted, I can only assume that they wanted to make Assassin's Creed an example so they
could say, hey, look how negative we can be, we're not like GameSpot.
Interesting perspective.
You know, I feel uneducated on the matter because again, I don't really read a lot of
these sites.
I really don't.
Like, I know people might think I sit here and bash on them, but like secretly I'm like
watching every move they make.
But I just don't.
I don't, I'm too busy playing the games to read other people's thoughts on them.
You know, I actually, this is a little off topic, but IGN did, lately their thing is
they've been reviewing some of the Destiny games, the data design stuff, you know, the
absolute shit on, you know, the Wii.
And we know they're crap, but they did, for example, a review for Ninja Bread Man, and
of course it got a really low score, and then they did a video review for it.
But the thing is, and I understand that the game's crappy, but the video review was literally
a minute long.
He's like, okay, what can I say about this game?
It has platforms and jumping.
That's about it.
And that was the end of the video review.
It's like, seriously, don't fucking post a video review if that's what you're gonna do.
Take it seriously.
Even though the game is crap, you gotta point out, you can do it funny, but point out why
it's crap instead of saying, well, you guys won the video review, so I did win it for
you.
I mean, that's stupid.
Yeah, now that you're talking about that, you know, not enough people are doing good,
funny reviews.
I mean, you remember the old Alex Avar review for Big Rigs?
I mean, that was hilarious.
What about the kid from Zero Punctuation, is it?
Oh, I love that kid.
He's awesome.
That's what we need to see more of.
I mean, if people would do more witty reviews, you wouldn't see this obsession over the score.
People would actually stick around for the content.
But has that guy ever done a positive review?
I mean, isn't that kind of the joke, that all his reviews like tear apart the games?
He likes Pagle.
He likes Pagle.
He likes Psychonauts.
He generally likes Assassin's Creed.
The thing is with him is that he'll point out, he looks at the games, he just looks
at the games to look at the games.
He's not, you know, the fact is, a lot of games have a lot of flaws, and that's fine.
I think as long as there's a balance to it.
He tells it like it is.
Like, I don't like the people who do nothing but negative reviews.
I mean, it's kind of like, okay, you know, haha, joke's over, you know, move on.
Exactly.
Show us both sides.
Be balanced.
Well, I gotta wrap up, because we want to try and take one more call before we close
the show tonight.
We've been going on a little while now, but any final thoughts for our listeners?
Embrace false idols.
Goodbye.
Alright.
Bye-bye.
So, I guess RasteelUT is a big Britney Spears fan.
I don't know what to say.
Alright.
We'll take one more call if we have any time, or I'm sorry, if we have any more people who
want to call in.
Orange Launch Radio is our username on Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Meanwhile, any last minute stories while we wait for calls to come in?
I don't really have a last minute story, but the trailer they had for Condemned 2 had an
exploding baby in it.
So finally, my design comes to fruition, the Iraqi Suicide Babies.
I'm so happy for you.
Xenocore is reminding us that Zero Punctuation gave Portal a near-perfect review.
I look forward to his reviews every week.
We literally stop working and go watch them whenever they get put online.
Not that, you know, we get distracted easy or anything.
Do you think someone's going to give him a TV show in 2008?
Um, no.
Alright.
One more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is BT.
Hey, Dartetsuya.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, nothing.
Not on call.
Just chilling?
Listening to OLR?
Yeah.
Just chilling?
Oh, yeah.
What do you think about some of the gaming news we've been talking about this week?
Pretty interesting.
That's right.
Interesting stuff.
Pretty good stuff, yeah.
What are games you've been playing this week?
Well, actually there was this freeware game I downloaded called La Mulana.
I don't know if you've ever heard of it.
I have not.
Why don't you tell us a little bit about this game?
Well, basically it's like an adventure game.
I guess it's like a tribute to all those old MSX-type games that when you go around and
you collect items and kill enemies, sort of like a Castlevania.
A lot like Symphony of the Night, I think.
Oh, that's kind of cool.
MSX.
I haven't heard that system name in a long time.
Yeah.
I'm looking at a post you made in our forums on the freeware game thread, and it looks
like you're...
Yeah, I updated it.
You call out a La Mulana, and you say it's an old-school-style adventure game designed
to look like an old MSX game.
There's all sorts of craziness going on in it.
A hidden mini-game that's a nod to both Snatcher and Tokimeki Memorial.
That's pretty funny.
Additionally, you can pick up MSX ROMs along the way to use as power-ups.
That's funny.
But the game is hard?
Oh, yeah.
They don't give you any health or anything, I don't think.
So there's no cheat mode.
No help mode.
No, I mean, there was a trick I learned at one of the...
There was this video walk-through.
There's a trick you can just teleport back to town and save it.
So that might help.
Wow.
This is a lot...
I'm looking at the site where this is posted.
It looks like somebody says it took 26 hours for him to get through the game.
That's crazy.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Well, that is a labor of love right there.
It even kind of has a... it looks like an old-ass...
Oh, yeah, that totally looks like an old MSX game or an NES game.
Yeah.
Wow, that's cool.
So check that out.
It's called La Mulana.
All right, well, Darktitsu, do you have anything else you want to share with our listeners
today?
No, not really.
I think that's about it.
All right.
So go play La Mulana.
Go play some more.
Yeah.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
All right, bye-bye.
All right, we're going to go ahead and close the Skype line, so we want to go ahead and
end the show.
And Tigerclaw in our chat is asking if we've seen the Zero Punctuation review on Silent
Hill Origin, which apparently he says that the whole series jumped the shark, and between
Silent Hill 4 and Origins, he doesn't want to play another Silent Hill game ever and
all this stuff, right?
Origins coming out in Plague Station 2 soon.
I'm actually going to pick that up, because I didn't bother to get it on the PSP, because
I just can't see a scary game on the PSP, but I'll play it on PS2.
They also have Twisted Metal head-on coming out on PS2 for 20 bucks.
By the way, do you know what I found on the internets?
I actually found the soundtrack to Silent Hill Origins, and it's got some kick-ass music
in it.
Let me see.
Totally need to give that to me.
I will totally give that to you.
Let me see.
I'm going to play a little teaser for those of you guys listening, because there's some
really kick-ass songs.
I mean, it's more Kiryamoka doing some great stuff.
Let's see.
What was...
Oh, this song I think I liked.
Unfortunately, I couldn't tell you the name of it, because the songs aren't labeled, but
here's one.
Just some classic Silent Hill stuff there.
There's actually a soundtrack coming out in Japan, I believe, next week, so I'm sure there's
a lot of people that are going to be reporting that soon.
Anyhow, let's see if there's any other last-minute stories.
Loki, I don't think you said you had anything else, right?
Nope.
Dark Soccer.
You got anything?
Nope.
All good.
All right.
Well, then we're good.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Soccer, we'll start with you tonight.
I like these cookies.
My final thought is penguins are cute.
Loki.
This game filler is pretty fun.
All right.
Thank you guys, everybody, for tuning into our program and downloading us this week.
Remember, if you like Orange Lounge Radio, please help us spread the word.
Tell two people you know about our show or leave us a positive review on iTunes.
We haven't had a positive review post on iTunes in a long time, so please send us one of those
or just tell people you know because we have to rely on word of mouth to get the word out
about our show because we're not backed by any big corporate website or any of that stuff,
so it's really the fans that make this all possible, and to that we say thank you.
Because we're so happy that you guys love us, we'll do this all again next week.
Sound like a plan?
Okay.
So next week, by the way, is a three-day weekend.
I know.
So you never know what kind of chaos might break out on a three-day weekend.
If I've got someone to come pick me up, oh hell yeah.
Oh hell yeah.
It's on next weekend and just in time for the return of the webcam, hopefully, too.
So all right.
Tune in next week.
Same bat time, same bat channel.
See ya.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information, visit OrangeLounge.com.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
