Alright, anything else you want to add to your gaming week, DarkSakura?
Nope.
Then let's go over to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fine.
I played a little bit of
Nitro Bike this week because I was anticipating it was going to be awesome and
all that stuff for the week because, you know, they're kind of comparing it to Excite Truck.
It is not even close to Excite Truck and it's also not even close to being good, so
unfortunately it sucked.
And what ways did it suck?
It sucked because the tracks weren't really open enough like Excite Truck.
The game itself
wasn't very fun because you can do tricks
in the air and stuff, but
I mean really there's no need to be doing any sort of variety of tricks because you can do
the same trick over and over and get the same kind of bonus for it, which is more Nitro.
But the fact is the
tracks aren't really straight enough anyways to where you would need the Nitro, so
it was kind of dumb.
They tried and they failed. The other thing though that I do not like about a lot of these
racing games
is that unlike Excite Truck, which you hold the Wii Remote kind of, you know,
parallel to the ground,
a lot of these games will have it where you're holding it on its side so that, you know, you can
use those really crappy plastic
steering wheel controllers.
And I really hate having to hold it like that because it makes it really uncomfortable
for your hands because you have to twist your whole wrist back and stuff.
Excite Truck is just awesome, what can I say.
Then on purpose I played Off-Road Extreme Special Edition, which is
a game that got reviewed on
IGN giving it a 1.5.
Yeah, it's deserving of that. It was just really bad.
Basically your vehicles in the game kind of control like crap,
very sluggish, and I had trouble staying on the track because of that.
But it was fun to get to play it, I guess.
Then, not so crappy games, I got to play
Burnout Paradise, which I'm very surprised,
the game
I didn't think was going to be that good
when I played the demo. It didn't seem like something I would like,
but playing the full version of the game, I was completely wrong.
Absolutely the best Burnout game in the series so far.
Personally for me, number three was my favorite. This is very much like
number three. The takedowns are a little bit easier like three was.
Very fast, I like the ability to drive anywhere in the entire game. Plus,
the best part of the entire game is the Showtime mode, which basically,
for all those people complaining that there's no crash mode anymore, well you can
activate crash mode anytime you want. Just absolutely, you're driving down the street,
oh look, there's a bunch of cars, hit the buttons,
and you just roll, and you keep rolling, smashing through cars,
and you can travel like thousands and thousands and thousands of feet
down the street and just smashing into the stuff.
It's absolutely fun.
Now, is it just, the game's a little more like test drive, right? Where you're
kinda driving in this free world and then you can pull up to something to
start a race?
Sort of, not really. Can you pick up chicks too?
No. Like you couldn't test drive at all? No, but
the game, the only thing that's kind of weird though is you have to crash some of the,
or you have to take down certain cars if you want to unlock them, so you basically
unlock them, they'll drive around the city, and you have to find them.
And a lot of times it's hard to find those cars, and in fact,
usually I notice, you know, a car will zoom past me and start driving crazy, and I'm like,
okay, that's one of the cars,
and so I'll chase after it and stuff, but it's just pretty awesome, and the races are
pretty cool.
Also the music in the game, they have a great soundtrack in it.
Although the only flaw, they put Avril Lavigne's Girlfriend in there, so I
guess there's gotta be something
for everybody, but it was a little weird driving and all of a sudden your girlfriend
comes on, it just felt
strange. But I highly recommend the game.
I'm going to be playing this for a long time. Very cool.
I'm actually looking forward to picking up this game too, I like the Burnout games. I'm not huge on a
lot of racing games, but I like
Burnout quite a bit. I want to try the online, but the servers, I guess, are not up right now.
Well, seeing as the game isn't totally out yet, that might make sense, why?
Yeah. Oh, and then Product Placement, there's a ton of it.
There's vans driving around with like Axe and
Gillette and all sorts of weird shit on them. Like manly ads.
Yeah, but you can crash into them, which is great.
It's like, oh, Product Placement, destroy!
It would be funnier if you got more points if you destroyed a Tampax
billboard or something, you know what I mean?
It's awesome though. Seriously, you drive
really fast through the game, they'll have like Stunt Mode and stuff. It's cool.
I just like, it's like, hee hee hee, you know, just crashing and stuff. I don't know, it's
hee hee fire. Exactly.
Did you try doing like your own custom soundtracks? Because you said you don't like Avril Lavigne or
whatever that's in there, but
like when I played the last Burnout game on 360, I just used custom soundtracks all the time.
I would basically use the music from Whangam Midnight Maximum Tune
to Burnout, and it was awesome. No, actually, I just, they have the EA tracks or whatever,
you can go in there and shut off which songs you don't like. So if you don't like Avril Lavigne,
you can just turn the track off and you'll never hear it again. That's a good function.
But, you know, actually what I did is I kept, and I may,
if I have to find it for my cage match, but I may pick this song. There's a song in there,
a remix by Jason Nevins that I've been having on repeat because
it was the song that they had in the trailer for and
it was, what was it, I want to say it was Taxi or something like that.
That really crappy movie with Queen Latifah and
Oh God, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, but it was a cool song though,
but they had it in the trailer and just racing to that song is pretty awesome.
I'm looking at our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com. We actually have
two chat rooms now because we have the Justin TV chat too,
but I'm a little worse at being able to stay on top of that one, so we'll try
to read both chats, but I'm looking at our
main chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com and some predictions from Son of Dad for the
next Burnout game.
It's Britney, bitch. Maybe that'll be on the soundtrack.
Who knows? And that will be turned off as well.
I don't know, some Britney songs are actually kind of fun to drive to. They do
incite a lot of rage and the ability to crash into other cars.
I think the online mode is going to be pretty fun because
you know, I guess you can just turn it on where people are just racing around with
you and stuff which would be cool
because the game itself, I mean, just driving around is pretty fun.
So, I don't know, I like it.
Rice Princess, I know you've said you've been playing a lot of WoW this week while
you're sick. Is that it or are there other games?
Well, I got my Wii back online finally
because I had the brilliant idea of taking it over to Nathan's where he has
like a wireless connection. So we downloaded Alien Crush and
really he's been playing that more than me. Good taste. Yeah.
I played more Actraiser. What else did I play? I love Actraiser.
I know, Actraiser is so good. Doesn't it have like the best music ever? It does.
Yuzo Koshiro is the man. Oh yeah, we have to get Devil's Crush too.
Well, that's up there now too, huh? Well, I just remembered that we played a bit of
Alien Crush at my house and then we had to hook up the TurboGrafx and play Devil's
Crush but now that it's there it's like, oh yeah.
I know, seriously, like, because Alien Crush is addictive.
I got to 64 on my Ork Hunter and wow,
whoop dee doo. Nothing super exciting, nothing new.
But you are wearing a Silent Hill shirt. Are you excited for Silent Hill 5?
Yes, I am. Rumor is it's going to be out by summer. Really? I hope that's true.
I hope it is too. Did you check out Silent Hill Origins on PSP at all?
No, I don't have a PSP. I know, but I figured maybe you stole someone else's, I don't know.
Yeah, that's a good idea. Ask William. I bought him one for his birthday, he never plays it.
Really? Yeah, but also, well, also take note that Silent Hill Origins is coming out on
the PlayStation 2 very soon.
Oh my. So you can just play it on PS2.
Hmm, that's an idea. Decision, decision. Someone needs to play
the other Silent Hill games. Is that
Nathan you're looking at? Maybe. Oh, Nathan, care to defend yourself? Maybe tell us a
little bit about your gaming week?
I have never played a Silent Hill in my life.
Have you played Resident Evil? I wouldn't say played
so much as died a lot. Alright.
Well, what kind of games have you been playing this week, Nathan? Alien Crush
a lot. I don't even know what the point of the game is besides points,
but that's all that I care about is more. You just want to keep your ball alive
is what you want to do. I try to keep as many balls as possible.
In play at the same time? Sure. Alright. It's pinball.
It's the point. Anything else you've been up to this week in the gaming world?
Just today, my
level 58 Tauren Warrior went to Outlands.
Well, congratulations. Getting to Outlands is a really big deal for WoW nerds,
so congratulations. It's beautiful, really. Did you shed a tear a little bit when you
walked through the portal?
It's like your character's all grown up now? No, I just said woot.
Woot. Alright, good. Well, anyhow, feel free, you guys, to chime in
throughout the show as we talk about stories.
You know, your usual schtick, even though you're sick, Irene.
So, I do want to hear your opinion on things.
You're right, I don't. But I do want to hear the chat room opinion.
chat.orangelandradio.com
Let's see. Robert M says, I actually got both
Alien and Devil Crush, both very good video pinball titles.
You gotta get Sonic Spinball, too. I like that one for a pinball game. It's not as
good, but it's still fun.
It's fun-ish. Why are you making a scrunchy I don't like you face, Irene?
Whatever.
Just not your kind of game? I was trying to get the mic over you, it's not working.
Sorry. I'm tangling myself up. Alright.
Um, let's see.
You know what they need to do? What? We need a
a new Williams pinball collection or we need a
a Stern pinball collection.
Because Stern has the, um, I think has the licensing rights to Big Bang Bar.
Well, it was just like my favorite pinball table.
You want a Big Bang Bar machine. And the Pirates pinball.
And the Spider-Man pinball that just came out. Whatever happened to,
I remember you talking about this at one of the pinball shows you went to, and I'm just curious if it ever
came out, but like something I heard about
where like they were going to take a high-def TV and put it on its side and lay it down so it was
like a
like a pinball table, like rectangular. They had six of them there. They're
their ultra-cade pinball is what they are.
And they're very, very cool, but I have to say, because what I did
is I went and played the virtual tables
and then I went back to play the actual pins, because a lot of them were there.
And they're pretty close.
The physics in them are very, very good.
But there's just something not right. But each of them, I think, held like six tables
and I think there's a capacity for more. Sounds interesting.
It was very interesting, but you couldn't get like, you'd only be able to do like
certain pins, like there's the standard two flipper,
you know, start button, whatever, unless you had something equipped
that had the other buttons mapped, like for things with double flippers
where you have to have two sets of flipper, two controls for it,
or like a special,
like the MagnaBall, for example, on...
One of those tables that we can't remember.
I know it is. It's like one that you hit the button and it catches the ball before it drains.
And I want to say, I know it's not on...
I want to say that it was on...
Whodunnit had one. But like,
things like that, it would be a little bit more difficult.
They'd have to find a way to map it. Or the cannon button
on Black Rose.
I want to read some other things in chat room right now. Not related to pinball,
unfortunately, but
something about the burnout. We were talking about the custom soundtracks and SSJ100 Matt
said,
I'm waiting for the next OLR listener to suggest Dragon Force.
That would be an amazing soundtrack to put as a custom soundtrack to a burnout. We'll see what
happens.
Anyhow, we're about to get into the gaming news for the week, but first,
a quick housekeeping. As many of the folks in our live chat are noticing, we have moved
from operator 11 to a new service called Justin.tv. So hello to all the
Justin.tv people. The cool thing about Justin.tv is that we now are no
longer limited to 40 minutes
for a section of the show. We pretty much have unlimited. I am noticing some folks
already having problems. That's probably because the cam is running off the Wi-Fi
right now.
So until I get a splitter out here to run the regular
line through, it may be a little bit choppy, and I think it's causing
buffering or whatever. But
remember, the video isn't the main part of our show. We're trying to do a radio show.
So
audio is the most important part, and that way it gets out there to the podcast and all that.
But
the other cool thing about Justin.tv is it does archive everything, so you can kind of
go back and watch corresponding video to a show. So if something particularly
hilarious happens,
then actually what can happen is that one of our listeners can set it as a
highlight,
and then people can go back and watch just the highlights. So that's kind of
interesting. We'll have to see how that works out.
So Justin.tv, and our username on Justin.tv, of course, is OrangeLoungeRadio.
So if you want to check out the cam right now, you just go to www.Justin.tv
slash OrangeLoungeRadio. Alright,
that's going to do it for housekeeping, so let's get into some gaming news, and we'll
start off tonight with
Loki. Anyways,
I'm sure this is going to come as a big shock to you, but
there's a certain game out there that's going to be delayed one month.
So yeah, Nintendo finally came out and said that, guess what, Smash Brothers is
delayed to March 9th,
and I'm sure that's the first time that you've ever heard of that,
ever. Lucky for the people in Japan, though, it is coming out the 31st of this
month.
Also lucky for me. So for all those people that import their games,
they're going to be plenty successful. They are a-okay.
But isn't it going to be very heavy on the Japanese? Is it going to be, are you going to be able to navigate through the game?
I think you'd be able to navigate through the game just fine.
It's a fighting game. That's true. It's not going to be that complex,
but there's so many different modes. Like if you've been watching what's going on
on the
dojo, there's so many different modes. That makes it even easier, though.
I don't think it's going to even matter as much with that, because
first of all, half the time they put up the text, it's going to be in hiragana,
I'm sorry, either hiragana or katakana, and then there's usually a language select
anyway for different regions.
Well, their excuse for it is they said that development is taking slightly longer than
expected,
which is bullshit, since it's coming out in Japan
already. So obviously development's done on it. It's localization.
It's either taking a long time, or they can't press enough copies fast enough, so
one of those.
Well, is it possible that maybe
there's, well, I guess that's localization. I was thinking maybe translation and all that stuff, but
people shouldn't read into this, like, OMG, they went back and added a new
character or something like that. No. They're not adding a new character.
So, do you think there might be any secret characters that they've been sitting on that they
haven't announced yet? I think so, yeah.
I hope the eggplant wizard's in it, because I love Kid Icarus.
Well, I mean, look at, they didn't announce all the new characters. Why are you
laughing at the eggplant wizard, Nathan? I'm thinking of Captain N.
Well, like, you know, Captain N,
Captain N should be in it! Game & Watch, or Mr. Game & Watch, he was a secret character,
that they never talked about before, so you never know. Mr. Game & Watch is awesome.
Well, if eggplant wizard doesn't make it to Super Smash Brothers, perhaps it will
make it to the rumored, emphasis on rumored,
Kid Icarus game that is being worked on by Factor 5
for the Nintendo Wii. Rumors are abounding this week, and Go Nintendo is
reporting that Factor 5
has been offered up the license from Nintendo to make
a Kid Icarus game, or Kid Icarus, however you want to pronounce it, because that was
always a point of contention that, you know, people never knew exactly how to
pronounce the game.
But, Icarus? Well, regardless, Factor 5 made some previous games on the
GameCube. I believe they did, um, they did
Star Fox, right? Didn't they do the Star Fox game?
They may have. I think so. So, anyhow,
I'll be very excited. Didn't they do Fire Emblem? Perhaps.
I don't remember. Yeah,
but, well, Factor 5 is not Fire Emblem. No.
No, Fire Emblem wasn't Capcom. Huh.
Are you thinking Breath of Fire? Breath of Fire was Capcom. Yeah.
Alright, so, well, anyhow, regardless, I am very excited at the potential of
having a new Kid Icarus game
out there. I just hope they don't kinda, like, screw it up.
I don't know. I don't want it to be 3D or any of that stuff. You just kinda know that
things
gonna be inevitable. Of course, Chat Room saves the day when we forget things.
Shadow Next Gen says Factor 5 did the Rogue Squadron games. There you go.
Alright, anyhow, uh, let's move on.
Well, in other news, let's see, wasn't that professional.
Um, for anybody who keeps up with the, um,
results of video game system sales, it has, uh,
been pretty clear that the Wii and DS
are outselling, um, the Xbox 360 as far as units,
but, um, Microsoft is like, uh-uh, we made more money, so we win.
So, um, in fact, they've made, uh, 4.8 billion compared to, uh, 3.5 billion on
the Wii
and, uh, 2.2 billion on PS3. So, if you're just looking at money, um,
yeah, PS3 does not have it. Um,
they also, for the Xbox 360, they've, uh, sold 4.62 million units. That's just
pretty cool.
Um, PS2, um, sold 3.97
million, uh, PSP 3.82 million,
and the PS3, uh, sold 2.56 million
for its first year. A lot of that money stuff has to do with the fact, though, that the
Nintendo Wii, they make
quite a bit of money off every sales of those, whereas, uh, Microsoft and Sony still
lose money
on everyone. Yeah, I think, I think that, yeah, so I think that for,
if they're saying that, if Microsoft is saying that they've made more money
with what they lose in production, then
overall, yeah, they are, I'd have to say they're definitely having to move a lot
more units,
but I don't see where the, but the Wii is clearly selling
the, like, crazy if they're having trouble stocking them. And this is only,
this is only the numbers for 2007, too. Obviously, you know,
Xbox 360 is still number one in the US, although,
worldwide, the Wii is number one. Are people still crazy about Wii? Are they
still hard to find? Yes, they're still hard to find. Wow.
What happened with the rain check program the GameStop was supposed to be doing?
Well, I don't know, I'm just kinda curious, like, I'm just kinda throwing it out there. I remember
they were gonna have all these systems
for these people who ordered rain checks, and now the system is still hard to get.
I still think that,
I mean, I'm sure that was successful for them, but, I don't know, maybe
gave them a little bit more attention. I don't think that they got any more than they
would have normally gotten
anyways. Maybe a little bit, because I know that,
you know, distribution didn't get as many Wii systems in January because of
this whole rain check program, but I don't think it's
a lot, you know, it's not like, dude, they're not like getting like four million systems.
Yeah, I don't know how many people that affected, but I'm just kinda
curious, because I remember throwing that story out there, and it was kinda like, well, what if
Wii's are still really hard to come by in January,
which it seems like they are. I don't know, but,
yeah, it's still hard to find,
and it probably will be for a while. Chat Room to the Rescue, yet again, JV Mon is
in there, chat.orangelandradio.com, and says, Rob, I work at GameStop,
we filled all the pre-orders already, and are already got extras to sell to people.
So, there you go. We got the same amount we did November to December.
We're still cranking them out there. Well, as far as what the games did themselves, Halo 3 was at the top,
had 4.82 million, and Wii Play was right behind it,
which I think was kinda funny. Call of Duty 4
followed that. Guitar Hero 3 on PS2 was behind that.
I think the only reason Wii Play did so well is because it was like controller,
plus
cheap games, and that made it stand out. And it's like Wii Sports, and people
love Wii Sports, and for a while there, it was hard to find remotes, and
that was the only way you could find it, so win-win-win.
Sneaky. We actually were at Fry's last week when I was having my computer
drama,
and there was a lady there trying to decide whether or not to buy Trauma Center or
buy Wii Play,
and she's like, wait, this has a controller with it, and put it down Trauma Center.
That was it. But Trauma Center's so awesome.
I know. It's all about the lowest common denominator.
For real, there it is right there. Nintendo's secret to success. It's all
about the lowest common denominator.
For real. Nintendo deer hunting, that's all.
That'll win. Let's move on. Anyways, Nintendo came out and announced a few dates
of titles coming out, and this is first and third party stuff.
For the first half of 2008,
some of which we probably already knew about, some I guess were surprising, I don't know.
Anyways, one game that was rumored to be coming out soon was Okami on the Wii.
That's been dated for the 25th. Wii Fit scheduled for Quarter 2,
which that would coincide with the supposed rumor from 1UP that
Wii Fit's supposed to come out May 2nd, or not 2nd, the 20th.
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, they're going to have some sequels coming out
for that in Quarter 2 as well. Crossword DS,
Nintendo Crosswords coming out May 5th,
and Professor Layton in the Curious Village, the
current number one selling DS title in Japan right now coming out
in the United States on February 10th.
Let's see, some other fun stuff for the Wii.
February 26th, The Masked Queen and The Tower of Mirrors, the Dragon Quest
Swords game.
Karaoke Revolution presents American Idol Encore.
That's coming out in the early part of February as well.
Let's see here.
Looks like a Poona is scheduled to be coming out from Koei. That's supposed to be a pretty good
role-playing game.
It sounds dirty, I'm sorry, I'm laughing over here like a three-year-old, but...
Poona, I just can't contain herself either.
Ironic. That's hilarious.
Strangely enough though in here, they have Nitro Bike from Ubisoft listed as
March.
Apparently they didn't realize it's already come out, so...
They didn't get the memo on that. And then, of course, April, we cannot forget
Wild Earth
African Safari
from Majesco, the rip-off of
Africa.
And Cooking Mama Cook-Off 2
in June, because I know the first one controlled so well. The Cooking Mama on Wii
was horrific,
but the DS one's still cool.
Another cool game that's on the Nintendo DS is Castlevania Portrait of Ruin.
That game was pretty awesome on the Nintendo DS.
And some screenshots, some rumored screenshots, have leaked from a new
Castlevania game, although we kind of emphasize this is only a rumor at this
time. However, it would really not be a surprise. It's kind of a no-brainer that
Konami would probably make a follow-up game to Portrait of Ruin at some point, a
new DS title. You might remember that the cool thing about Portrait of Ruin was
that you could use the Nintendo Wi-Fi service, but now it looks like that this
new Castlevania game, with some early screenshots that have been linked or to be
believed,
could possibly have
a Wii
connectivity feature built into it so that your DS interacts with your Wii
somehow. How?
Who knows?
It's unknown at this time, but apparently there's some type of Wii menu item
that's being seen in the screenshots
on the screen, so...
Would that imply that, you know,
there's going to be a Wii from Castlevania game coming out soon as well then?
I would think.
I hope so.
Because Castlevania is a good franchise, that's why.
I seem to remember, though, that the creator of Castlevania was not too
pleased with the Nintendo Wii when he first... You know, he didn't want it to be that
gimmicky,
oh, you're going to actually use the thing as a whip, oh, what the...
He fucking wears an ugly cowboy hat. I don't care. You know, he can suck it,
because
I would really like for one to be on the Wii.
But isn't that... I mean, that would be cheesy, though. They don't have to act like you can actually whip.
No one says that you... That's not cheesy at all. I would love that. No one says you can't have just a
traditional game on the Wii system. Exactly.
People just, for some reason, get it stuck in their heads that they've got to
make some, you know, motion control crap and stuff that go along with it.
You don't need to.
Look at, uh, what is it, you know, Super Paper Mario.
I mean, that didn't have two... I mean, it had some stuff, but
it was pretty much a traditional game.
Uh, MacMan, that says in chatroom, Castlevania whip carnival games.
There you go.
Why you don't applaud that?
First time in Belmont, or whatever, one of the Belmont crew has to, uh, tame lions or
something like that.
GS68 in our chatroom speculates,
uh, it's probably going to be Castlevania
W
of I, you know, because it has to be, you know, it's to say Wii, so he's suggesting
Castlevania Wind of Illness.
Does that sound Castlevania-esque to you? That's very Castlevania-esque. Very Castlevania-esque.
But does it have to be, like, a music, like, symphony, rondo, wind of incontinence?
The ones with the, with...
Well...
Sorry, JB, yes?
That really only applied to, well,
only applied to Dracula X.
To be technical, Symphony of the Night slash Nocturne in the Moonlight
was part of the Dracula X series, and all the other ones after that were just
Castlevania.
Well, also not all the games have been that, because Portrait are ruined. Portrait's not a music thing, so...
They could have Dracula, or, you know, part of the
Dracula triple X series, you know, and then the whips and chains get, you know, that's a
whole different part of the game. Those could excite some of the people.
Now you're talking!
I'd buy that. You know what I'd buy?
Well, I am sure we're going to get into this a little bit later. That's probably something Itagaki would be into, as well, right?
There you go, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can have to whip the cowboy hat off his head, because, you know...
Uh, anyhow...
Ew, this is a crappy game!
What? From Namco? It's listed as a game coming out in the summer.
Active Life Outdoor Challenge?
I'm sorry, I don't want to be active.
I refuse to buy that game.
I like being active.
They should have different types of interactive games like that.
Anyway, for
our friends in the UK, there are a
couple of things out for Virtual Console, and I'm very sorry for you all.
Well, I mean, one of them was okay, but
there's better.
Like, 1080 Snowboarding
from the Nintendo 64.
Yeah, it's out. I'm sorry.
And then Riot Zone for Turbo Duo. I'm really sorry.
Because it's, um...
not very good. So, sorry.
Or, you know, if you're feeling adventurous, you could just say, you know what? Forget
Jamie's opinion. I'm going to download it anyway.
If you want to download it and throw up,
be my guest.
Well, enjoy, or don't.
There is one game that's coming out on the WiiWare service at some point here.
That's actually being scheduled for the second quarter of 2008.
It's a game called Plachin, and it's kind of a
mix between a shooter and a puzzle game.
Now, what I thought was interesting is they were talking about some of the stuff
that it will support.
One thing,
they have a price point on it, which is going to be 1,500 Wii points, so you can kind of
expect a lot of these games to be around the $10, $20 range
instead of... Or $15 in that case.
Well, that's why that's a range, Rob.
Which, you see, it falls right in the middle of that range.
Alright, I understand basic math. I get it. I'm just saying.
You say $10 and $20, yeah, this game's going to be $15.
I'm just clarifying.
For our listeners who may not be following, because they fell asleep during your report because they
can't understand simple math. Are you insulting our listeners like that?
No, I would never.
Look, it's Nintendo's strategy, lowest common denominator, right?
I guess.
It's got some interesting stuff, though, in it. You can play it with the Wii Zapper,
although I don't know why.
You can play it offline with up to 12 people at the same time.
So I guess that would be one person uses a nunchuck, one person uses a remote,
and then also the four controllers, and then four GameCube controllers.
That's craziness.
I can't even fit that many people in my living room without breaking some type of fire hazard.
We did that once. Remember WarioWare? Eleven people.
That's right, but that was crazy. That was like a workout, because you had to run around.
There wasn't enough room in that room for people.
It supports DK Bongos.
There's finally another game that can utilize the DK Bongos.
And, apparently, they're also playing a...
Can you use a Guitar Hero 3 controller, too?
Oh, sure. Why not?
If you can use everything...
Maybe R-Mat?
Maybe.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Actually, I'm sure you probably could, since, you know, it's...
That could be like the Ultimate Showdown. Twelve people. Twelve peripherals in the Ultimate
WiiWare Showdown.
Keep in mind, I think that it's actually pretty funny, because for me, who likes to find however
many different controllers will work on a different game? I mean, my friend was the
one who invented Rodcalibur.
But here's the thing, though. I mean, this will have, you know, a ton of different multiplayer
options and peripheral options, but what if the game sucks? You know, it's like, oh, great,
I can use all these controllers, but do we really want to play this game?
Now, are you sure it's a twelve player game, or is it somewhere in the range of ten to
fourteen players?
No, it's twelve players. It says, for support for twelve people, it does not say a range
of...
That's why they offer you different controller choices, so that you can change the nature
of the game. So, it's like, man, I hate playing it with the Zapper. I'm going to use the Bongo.
Hey, I like the Bongo. Then, those people are covered.
Anyways, I just thought it was interesting that they were talking about some of this
stuff, so hopefully that service launches pretty soon. I still think that they're going
to announce it at Game Developers Conference.
That would actually be a really smart place.
It would make lots of sense. Actually, now that I remember seeing this before, this was
the first game that was announced for WiiWare at one time. Actually, it doesn't look that
bad. It's kind of weird looking, though. It's like, I don't know, how would you describe
that?
Abstract.
Abstract?
This is great radio. Rob, describe this screenshot for our listeners.
I don't know. It's in space. It's got bejeweled stuff and a sun.
I can tell you from the distance it looked like a pizza. From over here, it looked like
pizza.
You're just hungry. You just want to eat it.
Alright, that's it.
Let's move on.
I think that's a good idea, though. We need to do the whole twelve people, twelve peripherals,
one game, and have a showdown, and then laugh at how stupid we are. Paraglove wins.
Anyhow, anyway, let's move on to another story.
You might remember, you know, it's funny, these April Fools stories that run in Electronic
Gaming Monthly have this really strange habit of turning into reality. Remember Mortal
Kombat? There was the rumor of the hidden character, Ermac, that it was the red sub-zero
or whatever, and then he actually showed up in a game later on. Well, years ago, I don't
remember how long it was, maybe it was last year, I don't remember, but there was supposedly
a game that was going to be made, it was their April Fools joke, Super Mario Fusion, I'm
sorry, it was Super Mario Kingdom Hearts, or something like that. It was the idea that
the Mario universe would be combined with Kingdom Hearts.
It was Mushroom Kingdom Hearts.
That's what it was, Mushroom Kingdom Hearts. Well, what's happened now is that someone
has taken, I guess, they've taken Mario and combined it with, what the hell else, they
got this game, Fusion, and they've got, I guess, Kingdom Hearts all worked into one.
It's a combined, it's basically a game called Super Mario Bros. Fusion, but it combines
like Mega Man.
What the hell? That's Mega Man.
Yeah, it combines Mega Man, Halo, they've got Ghosts and Goblins, Sonic the Hedgehog,
just a bunch of stuff, and it's all made in this one Game Maker 7 program or whatever,
but it plays like Super Mario World or Super Mario Bros. 3.
Wow, that's like a Halo stage and we had a Mega Man stage. Who else is there here? That's
more Mega Man.
Yeah, they have the whole entire Bubble Man stage.
That is craziness. Somebody was really bored.
Yeah, I think that's all we see is the Bubble Man stage now.
But you can actually play the demo for it.
You can throw the bubbles.
That's pretty awesome. Very cool.
That's very creative.
Somebody's got a lot of free time on their hands, seriously.
That's actually cooler than Asshole Mario.
That's quite a compliment.
Yeah, because Asshole Mario is really cool.
And funny.
That's really cool.
Mega Man asks the question, Mario plus Kingdom Hearts plus Mega Man plus Halo plus Sonic
equals Will It Blend?
If you've ever visited that website, Will It Blend? Forget it. Forget it.
All right, anyhow, let's move on to Will It Come Out, talking about some new release dates
and what games are in your future. We'll start off with Europe.
Well, for our friends over there, there is some actually sort of cool stuff coming out.
There is, as soon as this works for me, there we go. We have Pirates of the Burning Sea
on the 22nd. We have Advanced Wars Dark Conflict and Burnout Paradise on the 25th. We have
Cruisin for Wii, Donkey Kong Jet Race, Ferrari Challenge on Wii and DS, Foster's Home for
Imaginary Friends, Imagination Invades on DS, FDC World Darts Championship 2008, Fantasy
Star Universe Ambition of Illuminus, and Pro Evolution Soccer 2008, and finally, Universe
at War Earth Assault for PC.
That it?
Yeah.
Doesn't seem like that busy of a week over there.
Well, I guess all of the people who are addicted to PSU will be happy.
Well, it's not a very busy week over in Japan either, but I'm going out of turn. It's actually
supposed to be the U.S. states next. My bad.
I can wait. Anyways, in the U.S. we have a pretty good week of stuff coming out. My personal
favorite, No More Heroes, is coming out for the Wii. Definitely worth picking up. If you
don't have a Wii, maybe you'll like this for the DS, Advanced Wars Days of Ruin. Looks
pretty awesome.
Let's see, Pirates of the Burning Sea for the PC. We have Burnout Paradise coming out
in Playstation 3 and Xbox 360. If you're looking for more of a casual game, Endless
Ocean on the Wii. You can swim around with the fishies. Mario and Sonic at the Olympic
Games on the DS. One Piece Unlimited Adventure on the Wii. Iridium Runners on Playstation
2. It's a piece of crap. Rainbow Islands Evolution on the PSP. Hopefully you'll be able to get
past Kawasaki Jet Ski, which is actually supposed to be like Wave Race, but probably not going
to be because it's put out by Destiny and every game that they make sucks. But, cross
our fingers, maybe someday their games won't suck.
I'm just going to say this about Rainbow Islands on the PSP. I do love Rainbow Islands, the
original Rainbow Islands game, and that is where my love for the series ends. None of
the games after that were really worth, you know, getting excited about.
Okay, now we'll go over to Japanese Re-
What about Paracel Stars?
That's different. I mean, you could say all those games are in the Bubble Bobble universe,
I suppose, but, you know.
Yeah, Paracel Stars was great.
Paracel Stars was pretty cool. Anyway, going over to Japanese release dates, not a lot
on the Xbox 360, but you do have on the Playstation 3 this week, Juice 2, which I think was delayed
from last week because it came out on all the other systems last week. There really
isn't a lot to speak of otherwise on the next gen systems, but on the current gen systems,
such as Playstation 2, or, I don't know, is it high time for us to start calling it last
gen now? The Playstation 2 is really last gen and current gen is, I guess, last gen.
Who knows? Who cares?
How about we just call it the PS2?
How about we just call it the PS2? Coming to the PS2, a game called Lucky Star, also
a game called Tokka Race Driver 3 Ultimate Racing Simulator come out this week as well
on the Playstation 2. Going to some of the handheld systems on the Nintendo DS, Daikokai
Jidai 4 Rota Nova moves in to the best hits from Koei, and that's a price reduction. The
only really new game that looks like it's coming out over there is you get Hijoguchi
Exit DS. There's another Mahjong game coming out on the DS as well. The Sims 2 Cast Away
also comes out on the Nintendo DS. And the Prince of Tennis Driving Smash Side King.
That's an interesting anime.
That's right. You two can be the Prince of Tennis in the privacy of your own home.
I'd rather be the Prince of the Cosmos.
On the Sony PSP, not a whole lot of stuff, but you do have a Winning Eleven Ubiquitous
Evolution 2008 coming out on the PSP. A couple other games getting price reductions, such
as Luminous 2. That's going to do it for your Japanese release dates.
That's all happy and good. Well, speaking of things that are happy and good, there was
a, well I'm sure that people have heard about this by now, but there was a guy named Paxton
Galvanek, who rescued two victims from an overturned SUV in North Carolina. And this
guy's supposed to be pretty cool because he, you know, assessed the situation, treated
their wounds like with perfect first aid, kept them alive, and his medical background
consists of playing America's Army.
Wow.
Apparently there's a classroom in there, and part of the classroom area is basically all
the stuff they go through in basic, which is including a medic class, so that you learn
basic first aid. And when he witnessed the accident, he basically went right into that
mode and, you know, he, the first person he treated was someone who had lost two fingers,
and so he used a towel to stop the bleeding and held their hand over their head, which
is, I mean, I've got a full first aid certification because I have to as a massage therapist,
and that's the first thing that you do. You see who's more injured, and you, you know,
if they're bleeding, you hold their hand over their head and, you know, have them do that.
And he also treated somebody for a head wound too, so that by the time someone arrived,
which I think is kind of funny because it said it was a soldier that showed up to help
them out, everybody was fine. And he actually, I think it's pretty cool, though, if they're
putting in, like, actual real first aid techniques in that game, then that's pretty cool.
By chance, did he play Trauma Center as well?
I don't think so.
Because you can learn a little bit from playing Trauma Center.
Like, we're not to cut people?
You can stitch up somebody by, you know, waving furiously, and then you can also stop time
and slow down time if you use your psychic powers.
Star, you can totally, like, heal them completely, wow.
Okay, so maybe America's Army is a little more practical, but...
Well, I mean, that was the whole point of that game, though, is to show, you know, what
it's supposed to be like to go through, you know, basic and be out, you know, in the field
and everything. And I actually think that's kind of cool that someone could just pick
up from that and learn and use it actually in a real life situation.
I think it's also very healthy for the video game scene to actually get a video game saves
life as opposed to stupid kid shoots his brother over a video game type news story, you know?
So, just, it's nice to have a change.
Like, I was 28 years old.
Who actually plays a medic in, like, America's Army?
I mean, seriously, it's like, I want to be the medic! Ooh!
You know what, it's required to have first aid training when you go in the Army.
It's a game!
There's a lot of people that go into the Army to study doctor type stuff, you know?
Here at the end of America's Army 2, they all become rock stars and have tons of women
and, like, live in mansions, because that's what the military is supposed to do.
It's going to give you women in mansions.
I don't think so. I don't think that's how they advertise it.
Yeah. Sure, they do.
I think it's more of the be all you can be and going into the Army can strengthen yourself.
Whatever.
I think it's like, Mike, yay.
I think it's like when people are playing an MMO and they pick their class, it's like
the same people who would pick a priest because they like to assist and, like, heal people.
That's my theory.
And, of course, our chat room is breaking out into a chorus of, heal please, heal please.
I don't know.
Good for him for actually, you know, being able to help them, although it's very coincidental
that he actually learned something from this game from, you know, because it's usually
it's like, okay, I hit A and then they heal. Okay, that didn't work right, you know.
Have you ever played America's Army?
No, I have not played America's Army.
It is a rigorous training process just to start the game.
Like, they make you take tests before you get your gun and then it jams.
Sounds like fun. Sounds like a lot of fun.
LF-10,000M, Iraq instance. Tank and healer needed. Please send tell.
Well, if people are, you know, buying the game for the purpose of what it is as a simulation,
then it needs to be that in depth.
Because, I mean, really the game is just a marketing tool for the Army anyway.
It is, but.
And now this kid is going to be the poster child of that game.
Look, see what America's Army can do?
Now imagine what would happen if you joined the real military.
I was just reading the thing over and saying, you know, when he was talking about what he did
and I was like, that is proper first aid. That's what you're supposed to do.
So, pay attention. Kudos to you.
Hooray. So, I guess you really can't stitch up somebody by going like this and flailing your arm about.
I refuse to believe it, Rob.
Alright, let's move on.
Anyways, something along the same lines as America's Army.
Okay, maybe not. But apparently the porn industry has dropped their backing for HD DVD.
No!
And dozens of Xbox 360 owners cry out in pain all at once.
I'm going to put HD DVD player on Craigslist tomorrow.
I mean, I don't know if it's everybody, but one studio in particular, Digital Playground,
has decided to abandon HD DVD and stick solely with Blu-Ray.
Good for them, I guess.
But not every studio.
Not every studio, as a lot of people are reporting. It's just Digital Playground.
It wasn't... never mind, I'm not going to say it.
And, you know, I don't know.
To be honest, I... let's...
Sorry, Irene and I are giggling like three-year-olds over here.
Irene's all, you're just hoping it's not Falcon or Colt, huh?
No, I mean, it's one studio... I mean, how many porn studios are out there, seriously?
Billions!
There's a ton of them.
But let's see what Digital Playground has to offer us, you know, because...
Okay, I mean, seriously, let's see here.
They're top-selling titles that you may be missing if you have HD DVD and you want it in HD.
Jack's Teen America 19,
Mrs. Bee Haven,
Jessie's Juice,
Jannikova and Blu,
Forbidden Tales,
Jack's Big Tit Show number four,
Hush! and Jessie Jean's Scream.
Although, to their credit, though, they did produce the Pirates film, and Pirates was hilarious.
Hilariously bad.
MacMan suggests that the PlayStation 3's newest games, Drake's Penis, Ratchet and Dick, and Heavenly Sword.
But here's the thing, though.
They may have stopped making HD DVDs, but they still sell them.
They still have quite a bit of stuff on there.
And besides, anyone that actually watches a lot of porn anyways, they don't buy their porn.
I mean, come on, this is the internet revolution, you know?
Who actually buys porn nowadays?
And you can find plenty of it in Divx out there.
And remember, your PlayStation 3 also plays Divx, and hopefully Xbox 360 will at some point soon.
Or you can stream stuff.
I believe Xbox 360 is already playing Divx now after their last patch.
Yeah, yeah.
Because I was watching, it wasn't porn, it was a legitimate television show,
but I was watching Cat House Girls that I downloaded from the internet in Divx on the Xbox 360.
So I'm pretty sure it supports Divx.
So crisis averted.
Exactly.
Anyhow, there's always Porn02 on your Wii, by the way.
Not that we're telling you how to do that.
Anyhow, if you don't want to use your PlayStation 3 to watch pirates or other types of porn,
you can use it for more legitimate purposes, such as playing SingStar.
However, apparently the SingStar SingStore is not that great.
Remember when we first saw the SingStar SingStore at a previous E3
and it looked like every song ever made looked like it was going to be in there with all these videos and so on?
Sony had promised 350 music tracks.
Well, so far there are less than 100 songs, apparently, out there.
Apparently the server keeps going down.
There really aren't a lot of updates in the SingStore news section.
So SingStar does not appear to be doing quite as well as people originally thought.
I'm glad they can underdeliver like normal.
Now, however, to be fair, Sony did make a response a little later in the week.
SingStar Studios said that downloadable songs for SingStore are on the way.
The original vision was supposed to be 350, but they missed the mark.
However, they are going to put out 18 new tracks on January 18th, which should have already passed,
15 English songs and three Spanish ones, including David Bowie and Blur.
Not bad.
I like Blur.
And February 4th is supposed to see the launch of even more songs.
That's okay. They only missed the mark by 200 songs.
Good thing they're looking at 18.
No, 15 of those are in English.
Well, they're supposed to be updating it now twice a week.
Sorry, not twice a week, twice a month.
That's okay. No one needs to be playing SingStar anyways.
It's a horrible, horrible, horrible game.
Karaoke is a horrible, horrible, horrible piece of entertainment, okay?
How do you really feel?
I enjoyed it.
Plus they have the ability to upload videos of yourself singing.
Who would do that? That's lame.
I don't know what to tell you.
Well, we do have a situation.
Uh-oh.
Do I have to call out the troops?
No.
Do we have to get a medic?
No.
I'm sorry for all of our European listeners who are excited about Uncharted.
It's not in 1080i.
Sorry.
It was only added to the U.S. version later in development,
and the PAL version is not going to have it.
Thank God. I thought there was a real problem.
They said that it would delay the game's release because they have to test it for QA.
So, sorry.
Wait a minute. Game developers are QA-ing their games again?
That's good news.
Okay, folks.
It would be 480p.
If you really have been out of shape about that, remember, PlayStation 3 games are region-free.
So, if you really need your 1080i, to be honest, you're not going to tell the difference between...
If you've got an HDTV, then it doesn't matter if it's PAL or NTSC.
No, it shouldn't.
So get it. Import it.
And there's your workaround.
Hooray! Workaround!
Speaking of workarounds, they finally released the custom firmware from DarkAlex,
the guy behind all those wonderful PSP custom firmwares, released all the popular ones.
He has just released 3.80 M33, and it will give you all the wonderful features of 3.8,
including the streaming internet radio and all that fun stuff, plus a bunch of new features as well.
One of the cool things I liked about this, actually, is once you've loaded 3.8 in there,
any additional firmware updates that happen to come along from the custom firmware scene,
you can actually update them over the internet, just like you would your normal PSP firmwares.
So you can just download an update and update it right there, just like you would any official firmware,
which I did, and it was pretty cool.
But that's available right now for PSP Slims, and they also have one for the PSP Fat, I guess,
that also has some of the stuff for the 1.5 firmware, so you can run your homebrew crap.
But try as they may, they'll never stop the people from breaking those firmwares.
Do you think at some point Sony's just going to give up?
No.
I guess they really think that they're going to win.
I guess it keeps some people employed or what have you, I don't know.
Anyhow, one thing that perhaps DarkAlex maybe wants to work on soon is solving the Dust problem on the PlayStation 3,
because, no, I'm not trying to make a joke that nobody's playing their PlayStation 3 so they're getting dusty,
but remember, remember, like, Dust killed somebody's PlayStation, like Sony refused to do anything about it or something like that?
The guy ended up getting a refund from the credit card company or something like that?
Well, Dust is obviously a huge issue for PlayStations.
Dude, that PS3 right there looks like someone put it under their sawhorse when they were cutting some wood or something.
I mean, this is ridiculous.
They collect dust, though, really easily.
They're dust magnets, I'm telling you.
Well, Hori makes a bunch of different peripherals.
They're like a peripheral making company, and they are coming out with a Dust Guard Kit 3.
It guards all four of your air vents.
It puts a filter that, you know, prevents dust and, of course, cigarette smoke from getting inside the PlayStation 3
for all those people that smoke next to their PlayStation 3s.
It also covers up the open ports and so on.
So insert your dust cap joke here, but there is officially a dust cap coming for the PlayStation 3.
That's actually pretty cool.
That company makes really good stuff.
We got a couple of controllers that they put out, the GameCube ones back in the day.
I want a mod that makes my PS3 smoke a cigarette, because that would make it even cooler.
Or you could just not smoke next to your PlayStation 3 or put it in a well vent.
Oh, yeah.
Take a hit off this PS3, you'll love it.
Suddenly your PlayStation 3 is glowing.
Want to get high?
Look at the website, though.
Did you look at the ad for it?
No.
The connector, it's actually pretty cool.
Looking at how all of this fits in, I think it's a very good idea.
How it all pieces together?
Well, they said that it's charged with static to attract the dust.
You know those static wipes for dusting?
It's the same theory on it.
That's actually pretty cool.
Wow.
I'll link the ad in the chatroom.
Interesting.
The ad is available at hoary.jp.
Just browse to their products for the Dust Guard Kit 3.
I know.
I think that GameStop still carries a lot of the hoary products.
So, shouldn't have any problem.
Very cool.
Dust Cap 3.
I was always hoping it would come to the U.S.
Wow, let's move on with some more news.
Well, in other news.
And, you know, we said we weren't going to talk about this guy again.
But he who shall not be named keeps reappearing.
Has he opened the Chamber of Secrets this time?
He's trying.
He's trying to open up a can of drama is what he's doing.
Oh, really?
No way.
Yeah, really.
Anyway, I will say it for the benefit of those who have not listened for a while
and don't know who the heck we're talking about when we speak of he who shall not be named.
But Jack Thompson, the butthead.
Sends shivers down my spine.
Lord Voldemort.
He said that there were quotes that were attributed to him by British newspapers
that were a total fabrication about Buzz.
And he's quoted saying, I was never interviewed about Buzz.
I never heard about it until I was quoted having allegedly said this about it.
And what he was quoted as saying is that video games have hurt far more people than they have helped.
And he said that what he would say.
Well, I'm just going to read his quote because he speaks in circles.
I would never say what I am quoted as saying in any context as the quotation,
regardless of what it is applied to, is absurd on its face.
How in the world could anyone prove and or quantify that games have hurt more people than they have helped?
That sounds to me like he's lying.
You know, every time this guy opens his mouth, I don't know about you, but I get a little bit angsty.
Do you get a little angsty?
Real quick, I was just going to mention that Take-Two actually proactively sued him,
so that's also going on right now, too.
You know, Loki cut me off, and that makes me even more angsty,
so you know it's time to bring on the FUs of the week.
Music
I'm an FU to my washing machine for not wanting to wash my hoodie by itself and imbalancing,
because I really wanted to wear my Jack hoodie tonight.
My nightmare before Christmas day, and I couldn't because of the wet.
I'm really not very angsty.
All right.
No, an FU to my cat for throwing up a hairball on my massage diploma,
so now I have to go get a reprint of it and my transcripts, and I have to get reprints of those.
And an FU to my folder from when I first started school,
because it has all of my massage clover seats in it, so that I can have myself one big fat tax write-off.
An FU to the company I work for for not claiming my W-2 yet.
For real?
I want money!
Me too.
Loki, you're FUs.
Um, FU to the theater that I went and saw Cloverfield in,
because the entire time the front left speaker was making a
noise, so it was really annoying.
The entire movie.
Are you sure it wasn't just the monster?
I'm pretty sure.
And we went and complained to management, and they're like, you know,
a bunch of little kids running around trying to figure out how to fix the speaker.
The monster didn't go have some fourth meal at Taco Bell?
I'm pretty sure.
All right.
Is that it?
That's it.
My FU of the week goes to the damn flies in here,
who have not been served yet with the swatter of justice.
Are they hiding right now?
I think they are.
I haven't seen one in a little while.
But FU to the fact that the flies hide all week long,
and then they come out on Sunday.
I hate that.
Anyhow.
Rice Princess, Nathan, do you guys have anything you want to add?
Flies just like listening to the show, geez.
Um, FU to being sick and, you know,
not being able to hear out of my left ear,
so I sound like an old woman, like, eh?
Can I do Janet again, Johnny?
Like, yeah, it's annoying.
And then I also second the FU to Cloverfield audiences.
Wait, no, you just said the theater, right?
The audio.
Well, I'd say FU to the audience,
because they're stupid and immature,
and they're, like, yelling out what they thought of a movie at the end.
That's why I don't go see movies on opening weekend ever.
Because of kids.
Yeah, there were a bunch of kids.
It's not like I went out and said, you know, my opinion on the movie,
because I don't care to do that, but people do and they're stupid,
FU!
My only FU is for Nintendo.
I love you guys, but you gotta really hurry up
and make available on the Virtual Console
Super Mario RPG Legend of the Seven Stars.
Some people haven't played it and don't know how great it is.
My games are better.
I have one.
FU didn't know Guardian Legend either.
Greatest 8-bit game of all time.
We've been saying that for a long time on this show.
But I do agree, Super Mario RPG would make a fine addition to Virtual Console.
But don't keep holding your breath.
Anyhow.
Anyway, Loki, anyway.
So, this is kind of exciting and hopefully this comes out in the Wii,
because this would be one of those games that could utilize that whipping motion
from the Wii Remote.
But Leisure Suit Larry, box office bust,
is coming to consoles and the PC fall of 2008.
And yes, if you don't remember Leisure Suit Larry,
well, then you need to look it up on the internet,
because I'm not going to explain it to you, but it's awesome.
Except for that last game, because that last game blew really bad,
and not in a good way.
Well, if the last game was bad, what's going to make this game good?
Because it's not the last game.
But it's scheduled right now for, it looks like,
Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PC, and mobile phones,
and is being developed by Team17, the group behind the Worms games.
Nice.
Oh, cool.
And the script, I guess, is being penned by Happy Madison Productions' Alan Covert.
Is that Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison or something?
Well, Happy Madison is Adam Sandler's production group.
Oh, okay.
And Alan Covert, he's done such wonderful movies as,
okay, I now pronounce you Chuck and Larry, Grandma's Boy,
Eight Crazy Nights, Mr. Diesel and Nicky, Big Daddy,
Deuce Bigalow, Mail Jiggalow, Waterboy,
pretty much every other Adam Sandler movie that's been out there, Happy Gilmore.
So, you know what, if only that game had Adam Sandler
and the whole Happy Madison group doing the voices in there,
that might be cool.
Because Rob Schneider in that game, that could be cool.
You can do it!
All night long.
They should make a Leisure Suit Larry movie, Happy Madison.
That would be cool.
You never know, anything's possible.
All right, well, part A of our program is coming to a close,
but not before we pay a little respect to our elders
by nodding at the classic games,
and we do that with a little segment we call
Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
So, Dark Sakura, what classic game have you picked for the kids this week
to play a little bit of?
The game I'm referring to is one of the last ones
that came out on the Sega Saturn in America.
One of the games, I actually, it's one of my favorite games,
is Burning Rangers, which is also put out by Sonic Team.
Who can do no wrong?
I love Sonic Team.
Anyway, the game is basically set in the future
where the old Sonic games,
where the only few hazards remaining is one of them is fire.
So these are futuristic fire fighters who use their super sentai powers
to extinguish flames and rescue people.
And after you beat the game once,
you actually have a random level generator
that you can use to change the game each time you go play it.
As far as the technical side of it,
for people who were Saturn fans,
you know that the Saturn was,
it wasn't very good with transparency,
but they did it for this game.
It's one of the games that used it.
And also, the first game that used ADX audio compression.
On top of that, while there hasn't been a sequel,
it's been referenced to quite a number of times.
In Phantasy Star Online,
there was a central dome fire swirl level
where one of the main characters from Burning Rangers
asked you to help him put out fires and help people,
and had the music from the Japanese version of Burning Rangers,
which was angels with burning hearts.
Two of the vocal songs were in Sonic Pinball Party.
Also, the theme song was in Samba de Amigo,
if you remember, as one of the downloadable songs.
And could make a return when Samba de Amigo comes out on the Wii a little later, right?
You could actually access it in, I believe, in the second Samba 2000.
Also, Phantasy Star Universe had an event called Operation Firebreak
that uses the same song,
and it's on the planet that was involved in the game.
And it's actually, all the soundtrack was designed by the guitarist
for a British band called UFO.
So, Burning Rangers is cool.
There you have it, your classic game of the week, Burning Rangers,
a game I never played, but maybe I ought to.
Well, I will bring that in the side and over one day.
I think you should.
I think it's funny that it goes for bucks on eBay,
and I got mine at a convention swap meet for 30 bucks.
Wow. Sometimes you find little gems there.
So, there you go.
All right, well, that's going to do it here for Part A of our show.
But as you know, Orange Launch Radio is divvied up into two parts every week,
so we will be right back after just a little bit with Orange Launch Radio, Part B.
Orange Launch Radio is taped live on Sunday nights
and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Launch Radio.
