Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, our last show for January,
because it is January the 27th of 2008.
Let's get right back into the gaming news. If you missed Part A, you missed a lot.
You missed a lot of randomness, that's for sure.
But now we're going to get into some Nintendo news, because we had a substantial lack of Nintendo in Part A.
So let's kick it off with some Nintendo news, Loki.
One of the new things we learned this week about Smash Bros. Brawl
is that it will have classic game demos included with it,
including demos for The Legend of Zelda, Kid Icarus, Super Metroid, and Super Mario Bros., as well as Star Fox 64.
That's pretty cool and all.
My question is, why the fuck don't they have demos on the Virtual Console if they're all available on Brawl?
Come on, if it's that easy to make demos for this stuff, then why isn't it available for the other stuff?
Is it just me, or is this maybe a workaround?
Because they realize that tons and tons of Wii owners are going to be buying this game.
This is a AAA title of the highest kind for the Nintendo Wii.
I think it's cool that they're doing that kind of stuff, but seriously though, if it's easy to implement,
why aren't they doing timed demos on some of these Nintendo games and stuff?
Here's the weird thing. Don't get me wrong, I love the idea, I think it's great.
It gives this game even more value than it had already.
God, we all knew this was going to be a powerhouse game anyway.
But the only thing that makes me go, are there really that many people who haven't played these games?
I don't think so.
Am I just spoiled because I'm older, so I kind of grew up with 8-bit Nintendo and stuff?
But are there a lot of people who have never played The Legend of Zelda?
Who have never played original Mario Bros.?
There may be some people though, obviously we grew up in the 80s and stuff,
but there's a lot of people that have never played the original games.
Alright, Chris is raising her hand, I guess that's true.
I was denied video games when I was five.
That's right, you said during the break though, you were denied video games when you were a child,
so you didn't really have a lot of exposure to this.
No, my parents refused to buy me anything that had to do with the video game
until I was finally in high school and I got my Pokemon games.
My mom used to play with me.
Well, your mom was awesome, my parents were retarded.
Just the different, well I mean obviously, you pretty much have two different extremes right here.
You have the no video games in this house whatsoever, and then the family that plays together.
I mean you literally have the two games in the spectrum here.
Well, the family I used loosely because it was me, my mom, and my brothers,
you know, we weren't the typical family unit.
Right, well, you know.
Well, it was just, it really was, my brothers ran outside and played the neighborhood
and my mom was usually in my room playing my Nintendo.
So I had to, I didn't get to play my Nintendo as much as my mother played it.
They also mentioned that there are other demos that are hidden in there.
My question is why aren't there full games kind of like Animal Crossing had?
Because now there's the virtual console.
So?
Because a virtual console is a money making machine, it's free money, essentially.
I shouldn't say free money, but very, very low cost money.
Because, you know, obviously somebody is having to make those manuals and those kinds of things,
you know, and QA the game and make sure it works in the emulator and all that stuff,
but that, all things considered, is extremely low cost.
They should have a demo for Mother 3 on there, that would be hilarious.
Actually, that would be kind of rad.
I would kind of hope they would do something like that.
Like give us a game that has only been seen in Japan, I don't know.
No, just a demo for it. You'll never see the full game over here, just the demo.
Mother 3 came out in Europe.
That's evil. Oh, that's true. True.
RasteelUT has a thought. He says in chat.orangelsrader.com,
he says, Loki, Nintendo doesn't have many new games, so they have to sell this stuff.
Well, that's cool. I don't mind them selling this stuff,
but like for some of these obscure games on a virtual console,
I like to be able to try them out before I spend $5 on them.
And, of course, there's other people that are piping up.
You know, Brad from Pod Culture says, I've never played a Zelda game.
And, you know, I guess, you know, and Act F says younger people maybe haven't played the games.
And all very good points.
Again, I guess maybe my perspective is spoiled because I really grew up on this shit.
Some people were also primarily PC gamers or had like an Apple II or something.
You know, I had a friend who never had a Nintendo,
but she was the world's biggest Doom player that I knew.
Well, that's cool. That's cool.
All right, I guess you guys make a good point.
I can admit when you guys make good points.
But, I mean, like I said in the beginning, this was never a bad thing.
It was just kind of, wow, that's interesting.
So I guess all you guys that never got to play these games will finally get your chance.
And if you like it, you can send Nintendo $5 and get the full version.
Who knows, though, if there will be any Sega Master System games included in Smash Bros. Brawl.
Not likely since the only Sega character in the game that we know of is Sonic.
But we did get news this week that Sega Master System games will be coming to the Virtual Console.
That's right.
A whole resurgence of the Sega Master System.
You know, the Sega Master System never really caught on here in America quite in the same way that Nintendo did.
It was always kind of the cultish thing.
I'll tell you where it caught on. Brazil.
That's true.
And they still, you know, Genesis and all that stuff.
I remember reporting on the Genesis handheld that's still big in Brazil.
Dan was showing me a video file of Castle of Illusion for Master System, which looks oddly like DuckTales.
Well, no matter where you live, Sega Master System games you are going to be able to get very soon.
It's really funny.
I actually, Sega popped in my mind.
When I was like, I don't even know how old I was, but my uncle, I had to go stay over at his house.
He's like, oh, and don't worry.
It's like at my house I've got a lot of cool stuff like Sega and Sonic.
I had no idea what the fuck that was.
And then he showed it to me and my mind blew up because I didn't know what to do with it.
It was crazy.
There was this little blue thing running in circles trying to get these little dancing ring things.
And my perspective on that was, Satan!
And here you are on this program now.
And here I am years later.
Life is funny.
It is pretty funny.
Life is funny.
That reminded me of that because he was so excited to tell me about that when my mom forbid me to play video games.
What is this, Satan?
Well, Japan will be the first country to get to indulge in the Sega Master System games.
But it's almost a certainty that other countries will be soon to follow.
Fist of the North Star will be the first game to come out for 600 points.
And then, Jamie, you'll like this.
Fantasy Zone will be coming out for 500 points, the original Master System version.
That would be pretty cool.
I have it.
A lot of early speculation that since the Game Gear pretty much ran off the same hardware as the Master System,
it's only a matter of time before Game Gear follows on the Virtual Console.
That is actually true.
They were the same pretty much.
Which is why a lot of the games that did come out on Game Gear had Master System releases in other countries.
And for the record, I have Fantasy Zone on Master System.
Well, look for those.
If you don't have Fantasy Zone, maybe you ought to check it out.
Look for those to come to Japan in February.
I'm sure other regions will only be a little ways behind.
I mean, it's not like we're talking about the MSX here.
You know, MSX is something the American and European audiences really don't know much about,
because all the games on the console were all in Japanese.
So we're probably never going to see that, unfortunately.
But that's the system.
They gave us Guardian Legend.
Well, Guardic and Metal Gear, the old-school Metal Gear.
Anyhow.
And the actual good sequel.
Instead of the one we got over here.
Snake's Revenge.
But anyhow, what other Virtual Console news do we have tonight?
Well, this one makes me relatively happy,
is that Super Street Fighter II is going to be on the Virtual Console in the UK.
Over on the PAL systems.
It's going to be 800 Wii points, which is £5.60 or €7.
And it's Ryu Ken, Gael Blanca, Zangief, Chun-Li, Honda, Dhalsim, Wu.
Most importantly, Kami.
And the new challengers, yes.
Kami, with her butt.
Unfortunately, it wasn't Kylie Minogue at that time.
But, you know, playing this can make you reminisce about Kylie Minogue.
She had camo legs so you couldn't see them.
Isn't that game out here in the US, Virtual Console?
I think it came out last week.
Did it? Cool.
Well, then there you go, Jamie.
If you're that excited, you can go grab it in the US, too, it sounds like.
But I have the original.
Oh, well then, la-di-da.
I'm waiting for the Xbox One, to be honest.
Like, why would I go buy this old one when there's going to be the new HD one?
That's going to be sexy.
When I moved out here, this is how big of a nerd I was.
I shipped out a whole bunch of my stuff.
But in my luggage, I brought my Super Nintendo and all my games with it.
And the first game that I had on the Super Nintendo that was mine
was one that my boyfriend at the time bought me, which was Super Street Fighter II.
Awesome.
And I still have the box, everything.
That's like my game.
And to this day, that remains a pretty great port.
Oh yeah, it was really good.
You know, Street Fighter Alpha 2 had loading in a cartridge.
And I thought that was hilarious.
I had Super Street Fighter II Turbo for the computer.
But the thing I remember about it on the PC is it had like remixed music.
And it was also the Red Book Audio.
You could put it in any CD player.
It was kind of cool.
Random tidbit.
So, moving on.
Anyways, there's some other good news coming from Japan about the Wii.
They've surpassed five million units sold.
Of course, you know, the Wii is the number one selling system in the world.
But, at least, well, the new generation of systems, it is the number one.
Of course, not in the U.S., but, you know, not for long.
Anyways, right now, they have sold, at least as of January 20th, five million, 19,337 units.
Which is not bad, seeing that it's been out for 14 months already.
In the U.S., their sales were 7.38 million as of the end of 2007.
So, doing pretty good.
Nice.
Not unsurprising, but nice.
I mean, we all knew Wiis were selling like crazy, no matter where you are.
So, there you have it.
One other thing that's only sure to sell more Wiis, more and more,
is the release of Super Smash Brothers Brawl, which, of course, we were talking about a little earlier.
Well, the demo kiosks are on their way to Japan.
In fact, if you look on YouTube, it's already there.
It was reported earlier this week that 30 shops throughout Japan were going to be getting kiosks with Super Smash Brothers Brawl on January 26th.
And, of course, that was yesterday.
So, some clips are already hitting YouTube.
So, pretty awesome.
So, it's only a matter of time before we find out all the secrets that the Smash Brothers dojo has yet to reveal.
And I did look at some of the YouTube clips, and I have to admit, the game looks a lot like Super Smash Brothers Melee,
which isn't to be surprised, but it definitely feels like it has that next level to it.
You know what I mean?
It definitely feels like the game is taken to the next level.
Actually, I've been kind of seeing the Subspace Emissary, or whatever it's called.
That looks really cool, as far as a side-scrolling thing.
And I think Nintendo should make a game, not necessarily like Brawl,
but just a side-scrolling, kind of a beat-em-up type of game with Nintendo characters.
I think that would be really awesome.
I can't wait to play that level that's the old-school Mario level that scrolls automatically while you're in it.
That's awesome.
The thing about this game that I think is going to make it a winner,
and I realize fanboys everywhere are peeing their pants over it.
I think it's the same reason why WarioWare.
It's variety.
Yeah.
It is variety.
The game sounds like, really, they have thought of everything.
Variety.
And that's value.
It is.
It really is.
You really feel like you're getting your money's worth, I think.
But then again, obviously, you have to withhold judgment until the game actually comes out.
But certainly the hype, they're doing a wonderful job.
Well, we'll see, right?
We will soon see.
Well, for our friends who are fortunate enough to have a Wii right now,
it's been said that Okami Wii will be out in the UK, actually, by the summer.
We're getting our version over here on 25th March.
But there's not a specific date stated for the UK.
But it will be coming out.
That's pretty cool.
I'm glad to see it's making its way out, finally.
And there's, you know, just real quick, I want to say about Okami real quick.
I actually kind of missed it in the PS2, because when it came out, I was too busy with,
ooh, Xbox, you know, I was too busy with all that,
as I think a lot of the late-gen games from the PS2 were kind of like that.
So I'm kind of looking forward to being able to give this a real shot on the Wii,
and it looks like it's going to be a lot of fun.
So I'm glad to hear it's on its way.
I'd like to see what they've done for controls on it.
Me too.
From what I hear, it's not really changed that much from the PS2 version.
What, no Waggle?
Well, they're going to have Waggle in there, but it's pretty much a straight port.
Don't expect anything additional to it.
Alright, alright.
I did hear there's widescreen support, though, which is pretty awesome.
I'm sold.
There's a new handheld MP4 player capable of running old-school Nintendo emulators,
and it's powered by the sun, using solar power.
It can also play MP3s, store ebooks, and records audio, and of course displays images,
all for $123.32.
The cool part, though, is it also has a USB port to connect to other portable devices
to share the solar energy it has collected, so you can power your other devices with it.
But it's kind of funny, though, because the whole thing looks very similar to the original Game Boy Advance.
So, I don't know, one of those things that you probably only see in Korea or something like that.
If nothing else, though, it makes for a great headline, you know?
Console powered by sun!
But then how do I play late at night?
That's the bummer.
What was it, that one game member?
I have to go outside to play a game?
This makes no sense.
There was that one game that came out on the Game Boy Advance, and I know, I can't remember the title.
A Boktai!
But the problem with the original Game Boy Advance is when you play it out in the sun,
you can't see it, because it's not backlit, and it made it hard to see.
So, not a good plan, unfortunately.
Yeah, I was not a big Boktai fan.
The one that came out after that, which I can't...
Oh, it was kind of like a sequel, but it was on the DS.
Damn it, I can't remember, but they kind of took the sun part out of it,
but it was still an element of the game, but you could just hit a button to charge it.
Yeah, it was something that Hideo Kojima did.
It was like a sequel.
It was on the DS.
I can't remember the name.
I'm sure someone in chat will save me.
Solar Knights, was that it?
Probably.
Anyhow, another game making its way, another port.
Nintendo DS is getting a version of Guitar Hero.
That's right, you're going to soon be able to play Guitar Hero on the go on the DS,
but it might not be what you think.
Activision has filed a trademark for a game called Guitar Hero on Tour,
and of course some news that spilled earlier this week from a French website
that Guitar Hero on Tour was on the way to Nintendo DS eventually,
so who knows what this game could be.
Probably a spin-off game.
I would imagine there's not going to be a little guitar controller you actually plug in.
Actually, I think there will be.
Really? That's going to be weird.
Because here's how they're going to probably do it.
They're going to have an attachment that plugs into the Game Boy Advance slot,
and there you go, you can have your additional buttons like that.
I was going to assume maybe it was a tapping game,
kind of like Elite Beat Agents,
but you have the guitar on the lower screen or something,
you can tap the beats or something, does that make sense?
I guess it makes sense, but I think that they're actually going to have it where you play the guitar.
The only thing I would think about, though, is if they did have it where you play the guitar like that,
there's no real easy way to see the screen and play the guitar.
Well, actually, no, I take that back,
because you can hold it in your hand so that you look at the top screen
and use your left hand to hit all the keys and stuff.
It could work.
It's a weird idea, but it could work.
But if it does come out, it'll be probably selling quite a bit.
Yeah, and regardless, we all know this is just a way to further milk a franchise that is prime.
It's not quite dead yet.
The hot thing right now, right?
Jamie, I know you play a lot of games on the DS.
Is Guitar Hero something you'd want to play on the DS?
I'd try it out, but otherwise, probably not.
It would be a nice diversion for a quick moment.
I have Rock Band.
True, true.
By the way, oh, I totally forgot to say this during my gaming week,
but how could I forget, like, Thursday, you know what I did?
I ran home, I powered on the Xbox, I put in Guitar Hero 3, and I downloaded me some Journey.
And it was awesome.
I just wanted to get that out there.
We were listening to the demo on that.
Oh, it was so hot.
I downloaded it, I didn't care.
I just wanted Journey.
Journey in Guitar Hero makes me happy.
Anyhow, you know what else makes me happy?
It's hearing from you guys, our listeners.
Every week, you guys send us e-mails at mailbag at orangelandrady.com,
and we pull a few of our favorites to read here on air.
Remember, if you want to be included in this segment,
mailbag at orangelandrady.com.
So Dark Sakura is going to reach in the mailbag and pull out a few e-mails,
of which I understand there weren't a whole lot this week, but some.
There were some.
One of them is not going to be read because, honestly, it's worthless.
Oh, snap.
Because clearly if said person had been listening to the entirety of the thing,
they wouldn't have taken it completely out of context.
So therefore, addressing lucky nuts,
which just instantly indicates the quality of the person listening to this,
fuck you.
And I mean that with none of the respect that you intended as well.
I didn't even see this e-mail.
I'm going to have to check it out.
What was the comment about how I said I would be interested in physics
if not for the math?
You can be interested in a topic and not actually care to do anything with it.
Fucking moron.
Was it tongue-in-cheek or what?
I don't think so.
Interesting.
All right, whatever.
Anyway, DidYouLoseASock wrote in and sent a link to StarTropics Wii decoder.
It was on YouTube because we are broadcasting, I don't know, it's 22 seconds,
but I'll link it in the chatroom.
Apparently this is how it's supposed to work in StarTropics.
Do we have more music?
No, that's the end of that music.
Oh.
Sorry.
But I did watch the video earlier this week.
I can kind of describe it for our listeners.
It's pretty rad.
Inside the manual, you know how when you download games on Virtual Console,
you have the manual?
Well, what's cool is that they actually included a little hyperlink
where it says in the story, you got a letter,
and when you click on a letter, it actually brings up the original letter,
the text, and then there's this little animation of the letter being dipped in water
and then it says code, frequency 747.
So they did include it.
We were kind of wondering how are they going to get the letter in there,
and it is in there.
You just have to dig through the manual a little bit, but the code is there.
Sorry if I spoiled the code for anyone playing the game.
It's pretty neat.
That is pretty cool.
I think that's very intelligently done, I should say.
It was a cute way to get around it.
I'll check out the video in just a sec.
Also, we have an e-mail from Silver Chaos.
Last week, as of when I'm writing this,
you all were talking about the dusty PS3 with Ranma.
Sorry if I felt it wrong.
Yeah, you did, but I won't point it out.
And he brought up the fact that it might have been a setup.
You were all discussing who might have done it,
mentioning Microsoft and Nintendo as possibilities,
but you missed the most obvious answer,
and I'm surprised no one in chat mentioned this,
the makers of Dustcat 3.
If you people thought that Dust is this big problem,
they would rush out and purchase one to protect their beloved PS3s.
Thanks for reading this in need of a new screen name, Silver Chaos.
I like your screen name.
I think it's kind of cool.
All righty.
Is this supposed to be Lucky Nuts?
Lucky Nuts is clearly not all that lucky.
The hate is spewing out of the mailbag this week.
Ranma.
They can hate on me. I can hate back.
All right.
I am a PMSing female, goddammit.
Do we have a happy email we can read?
Yes.
Okay.
Robert M., our good buddy, went to Video Games Live,
so I'm going to read this.
Well, I paid to see Video Games Live at Fox Theater in St. Louis
and enjoyed the experience.
A few minor FUs presented as wishes, such as it is.
One, wish the mid-balcony seats weren't high enough to obscure the top part
of the video screen behind the lighting structure,
had I known that I would have paid more for the lower-level seating.
Two, wish I had been in these lower-level seating at least
to get better connections with other DS players.
My attempts to start four-player Pac-Man versus matches
ended in connection failures.
Fun to connect with that many gamers, though.
Three, I almost wish the Zelda section had featured more music
than the iconic overworld theme,
something more along the lines of their medley of music from the Sonic games.
And finally, one major FU, well, absolutely not really,
ending the show with one-winged angel.
Enjoyable experience overall, part of me wish it had been longer,
you know, than the three hours it ran, plus pre-show and intermission.
He also sent another email.
Oh, just about to add one more,
because he couldn't go to the chat room for some reason.
He sent me to Square Enix for not allowing use of their video in the show.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Last email.
You know why?
I think it's because they have something to do.
Don't quote me on this,
but I think they have something to do with the competing show, Play,
because Play is a derivative of Dear Friends.
It's put on by the same production company.
So, something to think about.
And GS68 says he went to play in San Jose,
which I had no idea it was even going to be in San Jose
or I might have gone.
That's like two hours away.
Yeah.
For a good concert, I'll drive that.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
I drive that far just to see one person.
Hey, I drove to the San Jose HP Pavilion,
or whatever it's called, to see the Spice Girls.
Worth every dollar of gas it took me.
Yeah.
Alright, anyhow.
So, anyway, he says he went to play in San Jose GS68
and says there were so many people in PictoChat
that people were actually using Room B.
Wow.
You don't see that.
Anyway, sorry.
Well, I remember doing PictoChat at E3 a couple years ago
and realized that one of the people I was talking to
was Melody.
We were in the Nintendogs line.
That's great.
Yeah.
Anyway, this last one says,
Hi, OLR.
It's officially a year I've been listening to your show.
You rock and keep up the good work.
I listen to OLR on my iPod to keep my sanity
while I do homework.
And then when I run out of recent episodes to listen to,
I tune into your radio station and listen to the music.
Great job on everything.
And you have taught me important lessons.
After the band, I feel like I'm less immature.
Now, is DDR dead?
I don't seem to see much DDR action anymore.
And when I used to play DDR,
I'd get people to stop and watch me play.
Now, people really don't care
if someone's triple A-ing Mac songs.
Also, how do I deal with a kid at school
who thinks I'm a nerd,
yet he devoted all of his time and money
to do World of Warcraft?
Can I use the fact he plays World of Warcraft against him
and was...
Thank you, Chris.
Can you hear me?
She said yes.
And was it a mistake using my $100 Dell gift card
towards buying a widescreen computer monitor
instead of buying an Xbox 360 with it?
Too many questions, I know.
This is from Sakura Max.
I like her.
Can I say this about DDR is dead?
We kind of got into this in a previous episode.
Let me try to phrase this best I can.
No, DDR is not dead.
But DDR has evolved,
and it hasn't evolved in the way I think
most of us hardcore fans that grew up with DDR
wanted it to.
It didn't evolve for us.
It evolved to where the money's at,
which you can't blame them for doing.
That's what they want to do.
But when you look at the mixes,
Disney Channel, plug into your TV,
my first DDR.
DDR is kind of geared towards 12-year-old girls
and their slumber parties,
which, again, that's where the money's at.
It's disappointing because you would think
that there's two distinctly different audiences,
the 12-year-old girls and the anime convention-going people
that kind of helped foster DDR in the first place.
You would think we would get a new mix
that caters to us a little bit,
and I suppose you could say Supernova 2 is that,
but is it really anything new?
No.
I always kind of said they needed to let the people
responsible for the Xbox versions of DDR
develop the next arcade mix
because the last time we ever saw any true innovation
out of DDR was all done on the Xbox versions,
good and bad, but at least it was innovation.
That's all I'm really going to say about DDR.
Can I finish reading the e-mail?
Sorry, yes, you may.
Well, I'm going to give my...
Well, you know, with inflation,
I guess it's $5 worth.
Um...
Are you really that incredibly amusing?
Okay.
I made Chris laugh.
That was great.
Remember when we threw you into the fire
and pretended that we were going to kill you?
I thought somebody was going to be reading an e-mail.
Oh, yeah, okay, fine.
Okay.
Yes, you can use the fact
that that guy plays World of Warcraft against him,
and I actually...
If I had an option of getting a monitor
or an Xbox 360 right now, I'd get a monitor,
but then again, I already have an Xbox 360.
So, um...
And he assigns this kid who likes Toho music
on OLR station MMOs and Crysis,
and there's a PS on here that is addressed to Loki.
Loki, if you haven't yet, go on crymod.com.
It has a bunch of Crysis mods and maps.
Download the...
I guess Physis?
It's P-H-Y-S-I-S 3 map.
It has random contractions
that showcase the physics engines of Crysis.
I'll try that.
Actually, I finally got my second graphics card in
and running in SLI,
and it's tough because overclocking one graphics card's easy.
Overclocking two graphics cards is not easy
because you actually have to flash them.
So, I've been playing around with that a little bit,
trying to get it stable,
and benchmarks now.
I got 17,000-something in 3 Mark 06,
which is supposedly pretty good,
but I have to try Crysis yet with my cards in SLI.
He offers another description for that particular mod.
It says,
You get to play bowling with a barrel with Korean soldiers as pins.
I've seen videos of that. It's funny.
Drop weights on a wedge to make a truck go flying, and much more.
And that's the last email.
I'll have to try it.
Let me say a comment here from chat real quick
regarding the whole DDR thing we were talking about a minute ago.
RossdielUT says,
in chat.orangetownstrator.com,
Rob, there's clearly not as much money for DDR
as there is for SingStar, Guitar Hero, and Rock Band.
And you know, I hate to say it,
because I do love Konami and all that stuff,
and they really did start a revolution, no pun intended.
But the more I think about it,
the more I really want Harmonix to do a dance game.
Like, I really want them to make a dance game
that would use a similar DDR mat to what we've already bought.
That would make me very happy for Harmonix to develop something like that,
because honestly, I think Harmonix gets American audiences
in a way Konami just never did,
or when they did, they were never noticed.
Because I think the Xbox versions of DDR were great,
but even then, it didn't ever take DDR to the next, next level.
And I don't know, I think Harmonix would just kind of start from scratch.
I mean, they would have to.
And I think DDR has needed that for a while.
I think there needs to be a DDR mix that starts from scratch.
You know, say Konami will sue all you want,
but if Harmonix was able to innovate guitar freaks
in a way that the game feels completely different,
I'm sure the same can be done for a dance game.
So, I don't know if we have any people from Harmonix that listen to this program,
but if we do, please be a known.
I would like you to make a dance game for me, please?
Or I would like, you know, I wouldn't mind if Konami would reinvent,
but if Konami is going to make a new one, they need to start over from scratch.
Throw out all the old code, we are starting over, mean it.
Throw out all your old code and start again.
I'm serious.
Anyhow, sorry.
We can get back to gaming news now.
Can we?
Yes, sorry.
Okay.
Well, this is a weird bit of news, but apparently the Gizmondo is coming back.
What?
Yes, apparently they had a Gizmondo teaser site stating that the legend is reborn
and exciting physic worlds and some other stuff,
but apparently it will be back according to, at least in some form,
Plextech technical director, Ian Murphy,
insists that the product has been recovered from liquidators
and Plextech is bringing it back to the market.
Okay.
Now, some folks are asking in chat, wasn't this then retracted a little later?
Was this story ended up being retracted?
It might have been, I don't know.
I'm not sure if it's been retracted or not.
At least this article didn't really say that,
but he basically said that the device's second coming is happening as soon as May 2008.
But, I don't know.
To be honest, if it was retracted, great,
because I don't think it was too good to begin with.
All right.
Well, this is not being retracted, and actually I think this is kind of cool.
I did not realize this franchise was set to make a comeback.
It's a game called Populous.
I don't know if you guys ever played this.
I remember that.
Yeah, it was on Super Nintendo, but it was more of a computer game.
I think it's more best remembered as a computer game.
Well, it's going to have a resurgence on the DS,
and Electronic Arts is bringing Populous out for the DS.
But here's what's really cool.
One thing about Populous was that basically the game had,
I would call it different skins.
There were many different skins the game had,
and you would build these cities that were human cities or Martian cities,
or it was more like, I shouldn't say human cities.
It was like a medieval city or a new age city or what have you.
But this is really cool, and the DS version of Populous,
a new type of skin is going to be added.
It's a Nintendo civilization.
That's right.
The small cities start off as a little Game & Watch system.
Then they grow into NESs.
Then they grow into Game Boys,
which grow into Super Nintendos and DSs and so on,
until the Supreme Nintendo Wii won.
However, I would like to point out,
I noticed a distinct lack of Virtual Boy in the civilization.
What's up with that?
Are you just trying to pretend it never existed?
Maybe.
I was going to say that as far as the Gizmondo story,
the story was retracted at one time,
then the retraction was retracted, so it is coming.
What?
What does that even mean, the retraction was retracted?
The first retraction was a mistake.
Make up your goddamn mind.
No, the first retraction was a mistake.
It is actually coming.
Scary enough.
DM ends in chat and trying to make a joke about OLRs
that you can evolve your crappy guys on a show to a Sunday show,
like there should be an OLR skin.
Actually, I think that's kind of a cool idea,
not so much what you're suggesting,
but a version of Populous where you can make your own skins.
That would be kind of fun.
A little silly, but fun.
I am definitely looking forward to Populous DS.
That will be a good chance to revisit a series I haven't played in a long time.
Well, I'm glad you'll have that opportunity.
For people who like games on their iPod,
Pole Position is coming out to iPod.
So Namco is releasing Pole Position Remix.
It's available through iTunes.
And you drive with the iPod wheel.
So I hope that it comes out okay,
but they're actually saying that it's the worst of all iPod games that are available now.
Don't.
But another reviewer said that it's the best one out.
It's five bucks.
If you've got five bucks, you know,
and don't have to spend it on kitty litter, give it a try.
Or worse, or better.
You know, it makes sense though,
a driving game with the iPod wheel.
I mean, it is kind of a logical step,
so I would think it would be okay.
But then again, Pole Position is a little bit,
I don't know, old?
Pole Position is definitely one of those games
that was way cooler when you were playing it at Chuck E. Cheese when you were six, right?
Like, you go back and play it now, you're like...
I had a Pole Position cabinet in my house for a long time.
Wow, that's pretty hardcore.
It had a name in it, and we had, actually, Dan found an identical one.
That's right, you had a stand-up cabinet for Pole Position.
We had a stand-up cabinet.
I remember Chuck E. Cheese, they had the sit in the thing Pole Position.
Oh, those were great!
Those were awesome, but like, it was better when you were six.
Remember Hard Drivin'?
That sucked.
Hard Drivin', no.
Hard Drivin' was good because I worked at a Namco arcade
when I was out of high school,
and one day I was there and we had no customers
and I'd been up all night and I took a nap and won.
There was a...
They were dark.
There was a game that was on the PC that was very similar to Hard Drivin'.
It was called Stunts, and you made your own stunt tracks,
but the graphics were pretty much the same as Hard Drivin'.
It was great, though, because if you made a bunch of little 45-degree ramps...
There was stunt drivin', too.
Yeah, it was similar to that, but if you made a bunch of 45-degree ramps
and just drove on it really fast, your car would get up to like 500 miles an hour
and it would fly into the air like a tornado.
It was awesome.
If you think about it, games like Burnout,
you can trace their roots back to Hard Drivin'.
I remember playing Test Drive 3 on the PC with the really crappy graphics.
Hey, screw you, I had Test Drive on the Commodore 64.
Well, this might as well have been on the Commodore 64
because the graphics were crap, but it was fun.
I used to drive and run over chickens in that.
Hey, when I was eight, Test Drive had like the best graphics ever.
What are you talking about?
Well, this game may not be as good of an idea
as, say, you know, Pole Position on the iPod,
but there is a fan made, and I don't even know where this came from
because I think it was a joke at one time,
or they had a demo for it a while back,
but it's Charles Barkley Shut Up and Jam Gayden.
It's a fan made game made with RPG Maker,
and it basically tells an epic story of post-Cyberpocalypse,
Neo-New York, in the wake of the great b-ball purge of 2041
that threatens to own the entirety of your existence for some time.
Well, they actually have a bunch of weird stuff in there.
It's cool, though.
It's basically an RPG, and you have like your basketball moves you do
and little mini games and stuff.
It is free to download, and free is the magic word, of course.
Free is a good price for this story,
and if you're interested, there's...
I'm sure you can find it out there.
There are a bunch of different links and stuff hosting it.
The website that actually has the info is from a gaming forum.
It looks like gamingw.net, and just check their forums.
They've got the full game from Tales of Games Studios.
It presents Barkley Shut Up and Jam Gayden.
Wow.
Okay, well if you want to play a real RPG,
might I suggest World of Warcraft?
Obviously, there's going to be people who want to argue with me on that point,
but you can argue this.
There's definitely a shitload of people playing World of Warcraft.
You want to know how much is a shitload?
It's 10 million.
That's right, it's been announced this week
that World of Warcraft now has 10 million subscribers.
Now, they're counting people who are still in their free trials and stuff,
but whatever, there's 10 million people playing World of Warcraft right now.
To put that in perspective, and a lot of sites have been putting it this way,
that's half the size of Australia,
because Australia's population is like 20 million.
Now, granted, you have to think about Australia is mostly desert in the middle,
in the outback.
Most of the people kind of live on the coast, but whatever.
It's still a pretty staggering number there.
Chris, I know you missed that.
10 million subscribers in World of Warcraft announced this week.
That's a lot.
That's not surprising.
And they all live in China, which is amazing.
Actually, no, that's no joke.
Actually, there are 5.5 million of those.
Over half of those subscribers are in Asia.
So not just China, but the Asian region.
2.5 here in North America and 2 million subscribers in Europe.
That's pretty impressive.
Yeah, well, some of those people from North America are kind of-
Wait, I'm sorry, Chris. And a mic? What?
Oh, never mind. I didn't see you.
I didn't see you. Stole one.
Yeah, I stole it.
Some of those people in America are not that bright.
Like, I surf the forums.
I'm not active on the forums because I just can't deal with it.
Oh, yeah. World of Warcraft forums, home of some serious lulz.
Yeah.
Serious lulz.
Best one today.
Server crash was deliberate hack by horde.
Oh, noes. The horde crashed by server.
And the funny thing is this wasn't a joke.
This chick at- or it could be a guy. I don't know.
This person actually-
Wait, is it a blood elf female?
Yes.
It's a guy.
Okay. This person- it's a level 7, too.
This person actually, like, was damn serious and everyone was, like, going,
oh, lulz broke the internet. What is it? The horde insert-
kills you and your internet. That's right. Your internet is under attack.
You know, so everyone- this person's, like, sitting there defending himself.
It's, like, no, no, no, I'm serious.
And, you know, they've got a reason for it, but it's just, like,
the horde is not after your fucking server.
ColorOfSakura says in chat.orensonsradio.com,
WoWForums is like the Gaia of gaming forums.
Oh, God, I know.
I have never seen it so, like, plainly put, but that is a very good point.
Alright, let's move on from the internet lulz to something a little more newsworthy.
Well, for-
It says for PlayStation 2 release in March, Ratchet and Clank Size Matters
will be coming from PSP to the PS2.
And also mentioned is-
Well, I'm trying to- I thought there was another game mentioned in this.
Is it not loading?
Well, given that it's, you know, completely crashed my browser before.
Don't-
Well, Silent Hill Origins is the other game.
Well, yeah, Silent Hill Origins. Well, we had already talked about that.
It wasn't particularly mentioned here.
But basically Ratchet and Clank Size Matters was officially announced on Sony's site.
So what basically- both these games that, like, everybody kinda knew was coming,
but like nobody wanted to announce, finally they're like,
oh yeah, since the entire internet found out, you know, the horde ruined it for everybody,
these games are coming up.
Surprise, I'm sure you're shocked.
I don't know about you, Jamie, but I'm actually excited about Silent Hill Zero on the PlayStation 2.
Well, hell yeah.
Because, like, Silent Hill wasn't really a game I wanted to play on the PSP, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like, I was actually thinking of getting a light just so I could hook it up to the TV.
Because Silent Hill's a scary game, you know, the little screen's not that scary.
I like scary.
I like scary too.
I like the kind of scary that fucks with your head.
Well, if Silent Hill isn't your cup of tea, then maybe some old Sega arcade games are.
Apparently the Niomi BIOS has been cracked and now will be...
Finally?
Yeah, finally.
Ah, that means Planet Harrier.
Now that means that this brand new emulator, well actually it's an emulator for the Dreamcast,
will be able to run wonderful games such as Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Ferrari, F355 Challenge, and Ikaruga.
Planet Harrier.
Also known as the good stuff.
Planet Harrier.
Yes, so the Niomi games are going to be coming soon.
Awesome.
More news as soon as we get some.
Nice.
Well, I want to go back to World of Warcraft for a minute, but not to talk about some internet
lols.
I actually want to talk about something kind of a little bit sad.
It has to do with a Virginia Tech student.
This is not related to the tragedy that happened last year, but it was just another unfortunate
tragedy.
There was a student there, a 21 year old senior named Daniel Kim who actually killed himself
in a target parking lot in Virginia.
And of course, what was the first thing that was blamed in the death?
Gaming.
Video games.
It was the Horde!
Individuals...
Not okay.
Individuals were automatically making assumptions about his death.
But this writer here at Filefront.com who ran this article did a little research and
found out that actually one of the things that this person really liked and enjoyed
in life was World of Warcraft.
He developed a lot of friendships in the game over the past couple years.
In fact, the only warning signs that he was thinking of doing this were coming from World
of Warcraft.
The players that played with him in World of Warcraft were sending emails to university
telling them about warning signs, but little action was taken by the university because
of the warning signs.
And unfortunately, it came to this.
So, next time you want to bash video games, think about the community and the friendships
that people build throughout the video game community.
You know what I mean?
Well, how else is the university going to take an email that says the Horde is going
to kill Billy or whatever his name is?
I'm sorry, Loki, I can't laugh at that.
It's just very unfortunate, the whole thing.
But it makes me angry that people always jump to these conclusions.
And of course, you know, you save Virginia Tech, you think about that horrible, horrible
tragedy that happened there last year.
And who is the very first guy to come out and start blaming video games?
Lord Voldemort.
And if you've listened to this show enough, you know who I'm referencing.
Lord Voldemort comes right out and blames the video games.
Turns out, guy never played, he didn't own a single video game thing.
There were mental problems that went beyond anything entertainment based.
So it just, it pisses me off that people jump to these conclusions.
Okay, he's a lawyer, he can say whatever he wants.
Oh, well, you know what?
No repercussions.
No, there is repercussions because there's angry people like us that get on the internet
and yell at them.
I know, serious stuff, right?
Regardless, this kind of stuff makes me very angsty when I hear people jumping to conclusions
about the video games made me do it or whatever.
So what better time for us to bring on the FUs of the week?
My FU of the week goes to my finger because it's been catching a lot more lately and I'm
going to have to go to the doctor next week and it's also starting in my index finger
now.
So it's looking like I'm going to have to have surgery on my hand.
But maybe I'll get disability and not have to go to work.
The thing is if I had that much time off of work, I wouldn't know what to do with myself.
And if I couldn't use my hand, I really wouldn't know what to do.
I would be so bored.
And that, and I haven't been able to draw anything in like three weeks.
It's been really a pain in the butt.
So whatever you do, don't let the evil get into your hand.
Otherwise you're going to have to chop it off with a chainsaw.
That's right.
But then I can have a shotgun hand.
That is the plus.
Wow.
I can replace it with a machine gun hand.
You know, I thought the Wonder shows and stuff was bad, but you guys are...
This is not Boomstick.
You guys are taking it to a whole new level.
Some folks in chat are giving you the finger, but only so you can type.
Thank you.
All right.
Moving on, Loki.
Effie to another one of my 360s crapping out.
Luckily, though, I found out there is another way to fix it,
which involves heating up the motherboard with either a heat gun,
or in this case, since I don't own a heat gun, a blow dryer,
until it gets really hot and then hopefully fixes everything.
That's about as effective as, I don't know,
throwing your console at a wall and hopefully fixing it that way.
But I'm going to give it a shot because, hey, what's the worst that can happen?
It's already broken.
Wow.
All right.
I'm knocking on wood.
My turn?
Yes.
My FU of the week goes to this A&W float, which I saw at the grocery store.
Who doesn't like root beer floats, right?
I do.
I love root beer floats.
Exactly.
But have you tried this?
No.
It's shit.
I think there's a little bit.
You want to try some of this?
No.
Here, try it.
Try it on there.
I don't like it.
That's not bad.
The first taste to me was good and the second one to me was blah.
FU to all y'all.
You don't know what you're talking about.
It's too sweet.
It is a little sweet.
It's missing that nice contrast between root beer and ice cream.
It's like what happens when you put too much ice cream and root beer together and it melts
and it's flat.
FU to A&W for this thing that is no substitute for the real thing.
And FU to you guys for disagreeing with me.
How hard is it seriously to make a root beer float?
I mean, come on.
Well, I do.
No, they should have.
The concept of it all being in one bottle is interesting.
You know what?
I wonder if this would work.
Root beer with the vanilla Dippin' Dots dropped in there.
I can say at the store they not only have the A&W float, but they have Sunkist floats
too.
But I don't think I'll be trying those.
I don't think I'll be trying those.
Well, like orange cream soda is actually really good.
Those are bad.
I feel like a creamsicle.
Sane Delight floats?
No, Sane Delight would be nasty.
No, that wouldn't work.
All right.
Chris, do you have any FUs of the week you want to give out?
Yeah, I'd FU to my dad's girlfriend.
The woman's driving me absolutely fucking nuts because she's, well, you know, I've been
saying on air all night, she's a new mom and she's hormonal and I get that.
But keep the baby away from things that are going to kill her.
Like, for instance, baby 101.
For those of you who do not have children, I would assume that all of you are intelligent
to know that blankets are a potential hazard.
Like, you put the baby in baby blankets, but you keep it so that they're not, you know,
in the way of the face.
What does she do?
She puts the baby on their bed and puts a comforter over it.
Like a down comforter.
No, she's not going to roll over and like suffocate herself.
It's just like, give me the child and get away.
But it's not mine, so I have to like hold my tongue.
It's a learning experience for everyone.
She's going to kill her, I swear to God.
I'm not going to have a sister when I get back.
She's driving me nuts.
You know, just like I get, you're a new mom, I get that.
Everyone makes mistakes.
But you're making like 101 mistakes.
You should have learned.
You've met your quota.
You've met your quota of mistakes, right?
Yeah, no, it's like you're allowed to make mistakes,
but you're not allowed to make mistakes that are this big.
This is like stuff you should have learned when you learned you were pregnant.
You know?
And those baby wipes, they're supposed to be cold as fuck.
Well, I hope things get better.
Sorry to hear about the discomfort there.
Anything else?
No, I'm good.
Well, FU to you for leaving us.
I'm sorry.
I'm just kidding.
You know I love you.
I can't say FU to you.
All right.
Well, you would, but it would be kinky.
Hot.
All right, we just have a couple more gaming stories,
and then we're going to open up the Skype line for your phone calls
at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But first, some more gaming news.
Yes, Jamie?
Choo, choo, choo.
I couldn't pass that up.
There's a rumor that Space Channel 5 is coming to Wii and other systems.
I mean, we're getting Nights in Samba de Amigo,
so there was a mention saying that there was going to be Space Channel 5.0
that was reported on Japanese news site The Magic Box.
Sega denied it on IGN, but you know what?
It could happen because they've done this before.
And it was even stated by Mizuguchi that he'd be interested in bringing it
as a downloadable game like a Res HD is.
That would be cool if they made a new game.
From what I heard, were they licensing some of the old Michael Jackson music?
I think so, because I know that in the second Space Channel 5,
the dances were in there in one of the dance battle ones.
Good stuff.
Well, I've got some last minute stories here real quick,
and then after that we'll be taking some calls on the Skype line.
First, of course, who doesn't like a good drinking game?
Well, apparently Sexy Video Game Land's blog
has come up with a few different drinking games,
one of which is for Metal Gear Solid,
and it requires a bunch of different concoctions to make up,
including, I guess, American beer, a bottle of Russian vodka,
a six-pack of Red Bull, and some other stuff.
Oh, coarse salt, lemon lime juice, and yeah.
Anyways, real quickly I'll just go over some of these.
When you trigger alert, drink Red Bull.
When an enemy shows inappropriate sexual attraction to Snake,
you take a vodka shot.
And let's see here, whenever your commander reminds you via the codec
that you're on a stealth slash sneaking mission,
that's when you take a beer shot.
That's kind of complicated,
and they have a big long list of stuff that you do,
so you probably can get pretty wasted from that.
Other drinking games that they had available, though.
One was for Final Fantasy X2, or X2, my mistake.
Anyways, this one's a lot simpler.
Basically, four different things to take a shot to.
Every time you see YRP, you take a shot.
Every time you see a clumsy-framed Yuna fanservice upskirt, take a shot.
And whenever you notice, or re-notice LeBlanc's impossible simultaneous
side and under-boob dress setup, take a shot.
What's the idea, to get drunk in like five seconds?
I don't know.
Whenever a brother's antics become completely insufferable, take a shot.
I'd like to see the OLR drinking game, I bet it's hilarious.
I'm sure they've got one.
Some other stuff real quick, of course.
The Skype line's open, by the way.
1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
There's some screenshots showing a car in No More Heroes,
and apparently it has a New Jersey played on it,
and you're thinking, hey, Santa Destroy's in New Jersey.
One cool thing, if you haven't played it yet,
I was playing a little bit during break, Potapon,
the demo is available in the US,
and one of the cool things about playing the demo
is it will unlock an exclusive weapon when you buy the full game.
If you buy the full game, I guess.
By the way, when I said the whole OLR drinking game,
SSA-100-MAT and act deaf like in unison said, OLR drinking game,
every time Loki says, anyway, you take a shot.
Love it.
All right, let's go to the phones real quick.
I'll let Loki finish the stories in a little bit,
but we want to hear from you guys.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
GS68.
Hello, GS68.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I've been playing Super Metroid lately,
and several weeks ago I decided to try Metroid Prime 3.
Oh, crap, I can't solve.
You were playing Metroid Prime 3, uh-huh.
Yeah, and, like, I found it pretty disorienting,
and at some point I got stuck,
and I started going around in circles and getting dizzy,
and that's when I just realized that I'm not for first-person games,
and I'm not a big fan of 3D games.
I will admit, GS68, that's a lot of the problems I've had with 3D games.
It was very hard for me to move from the old-school two-dimensional
Super Nintendo games to, you know,
when we got into PlayStation and PlayStation 2,
and now, you know, where we're at with Wii and everything else,
it was very hard to kind of make that transition into the first-person games.
I'm kind of the same way.
I always conceptualized Metroid in a 2D space,
so to take Metroid to a 3D space is tough,
because you really have to, you know,
when you've played 2D games for a long time,
to then suddenly have to conceptualize things in 3D
takes some getting used to.
It really does, and I think a lot of people don't give some of us enough credit.
I partially blame it for why I suck so bad at Halo.
I'm always getting lost, just because I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
I'd like to think I'm not stupid or anything.
I don't think I am.
I just am not used to gaming in a 3D space for a long time.
Well, actually, I just started playing Super Metroid over summer,
and I think it's more with me and first-person shooters.
I mean, on caper, I mean, the first-person shooter on the Wii sounds really cool,
but when I try it, I get dizzy.
You know, maybe you're just...
You might have a little bit of the motion sickness, too.
You've got to make sure you look away once in a while and all that stuff.
I mean, certainly.
I know Dark Sakura's talked about that she doesn't like to play a whole lot of first-person shooters,
because she, you know, on a big old TV can make you feel a little nauseous, right?
Yeah.
So mostly it's probably, I'm assuming, and Jamie, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong,
I'm assuming it's kind of a lot of the same triggers that make people motion sick in cars
come into play in video games.
I think so.
Because it's like, you know, that whole thing where like if you're sitting in the back of a car around a whiny road...
Anyway, go ahead.
Sorry.
Yeah, there was like this cutscene in Final Fantasy VII where Cloud says never to read while at a car or truck,
which I thought was interesting.
Well, it's interesting you bring up Final Fantasy VII, because remember that was a big shock when it came out,
because it was like, OMG, it's taking a 2D game and putting it in 3D space.
But it was kind of different.
Like Final Fantasy VII still felt pretty 2D to me, just with a 3D twist to it.
It was like two and a half dimensions, if that makes sense.
I think the point is like, overall, I guess I'm just more into side scores and first-person shooters.
And I think that's okay.
I think people are into whatever they're into.
So there's no particular type of game you have to like.
All right, GS68, any other final thoughts for our listeners before we keep moving on?
Um, no.
All right.
Well, thank you for your input tonight.
And I hope...
Metroid Prime 3 is a great game once you can kind of get used to the first-person-ness.
So I hope the sickness doesn't bog you down.
Give it another go.
I think you'll find this a lot of fun.
Good luck.
Forgive it.
I'll try sometime in the future.
Please do.
Take care.
You know, even...
Here's the weird thing.
I'm not a big fan of the first-person games.
Like, I frickin' love Oblivion.
Love it.
It's...
I don't know.
Like, I don't have a problem with it.
It's all about punching the animals.
I guess so.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Yeah, what's up?
This is RossdielUT.
Hello, RossdielUT, my friend.
Hi.
What is on your mind?
Well, a few things.
First off, you're talking about the whole idea of conceptualizing 3D games when you've
been used to the 2D games just now.
I think what's helped with the PS2 and the PS3, maybe late in the PS1 and the 64, but
especially in the PS2 and PS3, you have environments that are more detailed to where you can associate
landmarks.
If you remember the old 3D games, like in the early PS1, all the walls looked the same.
It made Doom damn near impossible for me, because one wall looked the same as the other.
I think you've got a damn good point here.
That's one thing that always kind of frustrated me about the Mega Man Legends games, especially
the early ones, is that everything kind of looked the same, so it was very hard.
Well, there were only two Mega Man Legends games.
Yeah.
But yeah, I know what you mean.
You can't do a 3D game and have everything look the same, because you're just going to
get horribly lost, and it doesn't matter what system.
But then again, the same thing happens with a lot of 2D games.
The original Metroid was a pain in the ass, because all you had was the black background
and the different colors of the floor, so it took me a little while.
Super Metroid had the landmarks.
Yeah, you bring up a damn good point, because it's not like in the real world I have a problem
conceptualizing 3D space.
I don't think many of us do.
Maybe there's a condition out there.
I don't know.
But most people don't have a problem conceptualizing 3D space in the real world, and I think you're
right.
A lot of that is landmarks.
Right?
How do we give directions out?
We say, okay, go straight down the street, and when you see the McDonald's, turn right.
You know?
Landmarks are huge.
Exactly.
I think you got a damn good point.
You need those recognizable landmarks.
Yeah, you need a McDonald's.
You know, here's the other thing.
For lack of a better term, yeah.
Let me say this, though, Ross Studio T, because I think here's the other big change I think
that came later on in the PlayStation 2 and so on games that you didn't see a whole lot
of in PlayStation 1 games.
Maps.
Maps.
Maps.
One button maps.
A little mini map in the corner.
A way to conceptualize the 3D and 2D very quickly.
That's one reason I way prefer Kingdom Hearts 2 to Kingdom Hearts 1 is the mini map.
Seriously.
It's a huge improvement for me.
Yeah, I hear you.
A lot of the games have the mini maps.
Even the really late ones like Call of Duty 4 has a mini map when you pause.
There are a lot of aids today.
There is that.
Like I said, 3D is a lot easier today than it used to be.
Right.
Well, what else did you want to say, Ross Studio T?
Because we're trying to move through a lot of calls tonight.
I want to go back to the whole idiots on mass effect thing.
Ah, yes.
You know, we've been seeing for the better part of a decade and a half idiots attacking
video games.
And I'm going to call them idiots because, you know, ignorant means you don't know better.
Stupid means you don't want to learn.
It's true.
True words have not been spoken on this show tonight.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The thing is, I always wonder what sort of impact they really have aside from the whole
soundbite culture.
Because when you look at it in that time when the anti-gaming attacks have been so intense,
the industry has just grown and blossomed enormously.
We just had this epic year last year, what was it, 18 billion dollars for the industry
last year?
You know, so you have to really wonder how important these Jack Thomsons, how many people
they actually reach out to.
I think what we lose sight of is that the United States is a country of 300 million
people.
There's a ton of cable networks, literally a ton of cable networks and satellite and
everything else, you know, there's so many options out there.
You know what, I think you're kind of right, Rosco, I think one thing we kind of don't
consider about this Fox News piece is that they were probably preaching to the choir
in a sense.
Like a lot of the people that watch Fox News were probably already the crowd that bans
their children from playing video games all together and all this stuff, you know, but
it doesn't excuse the ignorance.
And that's the thing, I think, in this day and age, I know you're with me there, but
I think originally these guys were probably preaching to the choir, but at the same time
it doesn't give them the right to lie.
Of course, and I'm angry about the lie, but at the same time, compared to other times
in history, other media's attacks, video games have had a pretty damn light and have
gone through it pretty damn quickly in comparison.
It took the movie industry 40 years to get over the Hays Code, for example.
And the comic book industry only recently got out of the shadow of the comic school.
Video games have had a very light.
Rosco, you two, we've got to wrap up, but I've got to say this, it's going to be very
interesting to see what happens, especially as this Hollywood writer's strike continues,
where video games are going to become, you watch this happen, the longer this strike
goes on, the more these writers are going to start writing for video games.
And we're going to have very Hollywood-ish type of video games.
It's going to be very interesting.
Well, we're already seeing that happen.
We're already seeing video games taking audience from television, which is part of why you
see all this anti-gaming stuff on TV.
True, but you know how...
They're trying to get rid of that market.
Anyway, I know you're tied.
I'm sorry.
I know, really quick, but there was another story about this this week.
You know how they say that video game plots are always so thin they never make good movies.
You know, that...
I think you're going to start seeing a lot more games with them.
Well, they don't make good movies because the directors suck.
That's true a lot of the time, too.
Uwe Boll, anyone?
Silent Hill, some of them were passable.
Some of them were...
Even Mortal Kombat was passable.
Passable.
I liked the first Mortal Kombat.
I liked the first Resident Evil.
But then you look into shit.
Those are good movies.
You look at shit like BloodRayne, and you're just like, this is why we get about that.
Okay.
One sexy...
All right, all right.
You want to get to the next column.
All right.
Rustiel Ute, I'm so sorry.
We've got to let you go.
But have a good one, buddy.
It's always good to hear from you.
Bye-bye.
You do the same.
Bye-bye.
Hello.
Anyone at the line?
Oh, hi.
Two- elders.
Hi, everyone.
Sorry to interrupt you.
The phone is ringing off the hook tonight.
I literally click the hang up button and another call drops in.
It's crazy.
It's an orange launch radio.
Who's this?
This is Act Def from chat.
Hello, Act Def from chat.
What is on your mind?
Actually, three things online.
The first one is the DDR is dead thing.
I agree with you on the Konami.
definitely hire or commission harmonics on the whole renewal of DVR. They are having
so much success with Guitar Hero and Rock Band that maybe they should work together
and make a better new game.
I don't know how feasible that arrangement is, but it would certainly be a fanboy's dream
to see something like that happen. With the way complex corporate relationships and money
and everything works, I don't know how feasible it is, but it certainly is a fun thing to
dream about, right?
True. So it would be nice to see them work together.
Now Act Deaf, you're from Mexico, right, if I remember right?
Yes.
Here's one question. I hear that Pump It Up has a huge fan base in Mexico. Is that true
in your neck? Now obviously Mexico is a very big place, but is that true in your neck of
the woods?
Actually Pump It Up is more popular on the center of the country, more on the south side.
On the north, DVR has more popularity.
I see. Do you think that might just be because a lot of American culture seeps through because
the closer you get to the border and everything, do you think that might be a part of it or
just coincidence?
Yeah. Yeah, that's most a part of it.
Because I was thinking, yeah, and somebody brought it up in chat too, Color Sakura said
it in chat, and I was thinking of this too, that the World Pump Festival was happening
in Mexico City. But yeah, Mexico City is much further south in Mexico than, you know, other
places.
Anyhow.
Yeah. Also, I wanted to comment on a news you said a week ago about Video Games Live,
that it's coming to Mexico and it's coming to Mexicali, that's my hometown.
Awesome.
I'm pretty damn excited.
That has got to be awesome.
It's not going to be.
I bet it's not every day. You know, unfortunately, a lot of big tours and things don't always
think to go to Mexico or other countries. Like, you know, we hear a lot from Footy Monster
who's in Argentina and not a lot of stuff comes to his neck of the woods either. I bet
that's got to be pretty awesome to see something like this, like actually kind of recognize
like, hey, let's go to some places a little bit outside the north. Let's go somewhere
besides L.A. and New York, right?
Pretty cool.
Yeah. It's pretty exciting because here in my town, it doesn't happen anything like this
huge, like Video Games Live, though maybe for some people it will be like, oh, video
games. Oh, yeah. Like, whatever. But for me, it's like a great experience that is going
to happen, like going to the ballroom that's going to be happening and hearing all the
music I know and recognize from old video games and also with my friends that also are
video game fans.
Act F, let me ask you just one last question and then we've got to wrap up. Do you think
it will succeed in a non-traditional place like Mexicali? Do you think this show has
potential to do very well there?
We have a pretty big community of gamers and also people who like anime, otakus and pretty
much geeks. It would be a success, though not as great as in a big city.
Well, you know, I know you've been saying in chat that I should go. It is a bit of a
long drive to Mexicali. I know it's towards the north end of Mexico, so it's not unreasonable.
Who knows? If I get my passport renewed, anything is possible. Who knows? I've never been to
Mexico either. This will give me a great excuse. Who knows?
Yeah. Another thing I wanted to add before...
Really quick, yeah.
...ending the call. It's the Fox News thing. Just a little opinion on that, on my part.
It should be not us attacking them also or ignore them. We should acknowledge their opinions
and maybe make a debate. The PAX Expo tried to do last year with Jack Thompson a debate.
Very interesting perspective that maybe instead of getting on the offensive, like things that
you see on Amazon.com, everybody attacking this lady who said this, maybe the video game
community can kind of look at how can we stop this from happening in the future? If this
is what people really think, how can we educate them otherwise?
Yes.
That's a very interesting way of looking at it. That's a very interesting way of looking
at it. I appreciate your opinion. Act F, we're out of time. I got to let you go, but thanks
so much for your call.
You too.
All right. Bye-bye.
I don't want to be the better person.
What did you say, Chris? I think that's worth saying to the mic. What?
I don't want to be the better person.
You're right. Sometimes you don't want to be the better person. You're right. But you
know what? I think he makes a damn good point is that maybe instead of going on the offensive,
we should take a look at how can we stop this shit from happening again? How can we educate
these people. But then again, there's another part of me that says you can lead a horse
to water, but you can't make a drink.
Exactly. You can give them all the education. They can be the most educated people about
video games. But if they have an agenda, like trying to be sensationalists and stuff like
that, and really rile up people about video games, they're just going to do these stories.
Anyway, since obviously they don't really care about apologizing about it, I'm surprised
we don't see more crazy shit on there like, you know, Grand Theft Auto literally reaches
out of the TV and murders your children and stuff like that.
The Horde is after your children?
Yes, the Horde is after your children. It is a satanic cult cultivated by a video game.
It has 10 million followers and it will destroy the Christian race. I don't know how we can
go from that into another call, but we're going to try. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge
Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up, everyone? It's Ronma.
You've been listening to that because sometimes I pick up calls and don't acknowledge for
a little bit just to get them on the line. You've been listening to that for 30 seconds.
I don't know how you held the laughter in so we couldn't hear you.
Yeah, pretty much.
All right. Ronma, what's on your mind?
Well, there was a couple of things I wanted to discuss, but I'm putting that aside because
I'm very pissed off right now.
Why is that?
I have one thing to say. Can I please say it?
Okay.
No.
People, shut the fuck up about DDR. It's done. God forbid Konami ignores these other franchises
to please you drooling fanboys.
I wouldn't say they're really ignoring their franchise. They're still releasing more than
two games a year for the damn thing. I mean, I wouldn't say it's dead.
Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. I mean, be thankful you're getting something, you know?
It's all the people who play DDR. It's all their fault because they're not the ones playing
it. Konami's releasing plenty of games. It's just you guys, you all suck. That's why.
Ronma, I agree and I disagree. I agree to a point that at some point you have to let
DDR go. You just have to let it go. It's past its prime, whatever. But at the same part,
it sucks because without DDR, I would never have met Jamie. I would have never met Matt.
I would have never met you. You know what I mean?
It's true. That is so true.
So I think that's why people are so passionate about it and they know everybody has their
own idea of what's best for the series because a lot of us have made friends through that
community. It goes back to what we were talking about during the bonus segment. I don't know
if you were here for the bonus segment and I know our podcast listeners don't get to
hear the bonus segment, but during the bonus segment, Chris was talking about a fundraiser
going on on DeviantArt to help one of the artists in need. And I was talking about that's
a really great example of community. And I bet if something like that happened in the
DDR world, the DDR community would have done something similar. You know what I mean?
Thomas Howard, he's hungry.
Every community has done something like that, you know? I mean, some conventions, when they
have the auctions for artwork and stuff like that, they would say a portion of this would
go to this charitable organization, which is pretty cool.
Well, okay. So, all right. We've heard all sides of this. Let's not continue to indulge
the DDR discussion. What else did you want to say, Rama?
Okay. I do know a few episodes back, there was talk about the Wii and the Wii Remote.
And it's something I thought about. Let me ask all of you guys this, and girls. If the
Wii came loaded with the Wii Remote and the classic controller, would the console still
be considered a gimmick system?
You know, it's weird, because I don't think that would have ever happened, because Nintendo's
thing was to force developers to get away from that. So, it's kind of hard for me to
answer that, because I think the whole niche about the waggle and the motion sensing, that
was Nintendo's whole thing. So, if they had bundled in a classic controller with that,
it kind of would have defeated the purpose altogether. You see some developers sneaking
around that a little bit. Like, for instance, I think of Geometry Wars. Like, you can play
that with the motion sensing way, or you can play it with the good old-fashioned, old-school
2 sticks way, if you have a classic controller, which a lot of people do. But, you know, it's
really hard to say, Rama, because I think that was Nintendo's whole thing in the first
place, and for them to have included a classic controller would have defeated the entire
purpose.
Well, I agree on that. I do see how Nintendo wanted to get away from that. That was cool.
I played some of the Wii games on launch, and it was cool. I played Dragon Ball Z Budokai
2. I couldn't get into it. I was like, I need a regular controller in order to play the
game. At first, everyone was like, oh, this is so cool. This is so great. Now, developers
are like saying, this ain't a joke, you know? Let's go on to other things.
I think a very realistic possibility in the future, Rama, is that when the Wii start coming
out in other colors, and again, this is all speculation, why not throw in a matching classic
controller of another color? You know, the Wii is an established thing now. This whole
new, you know, the waggling and the motions, it's established now. Developers will buy
into it. I think it's okay to start putting in classic controllers and kind of see what
can happen with a good mix.
That'll definitely work. I mean, like, you got, like, a game where one person uses a
controller to, like, drive a car. Some other person can use the Wii, the controller, like,
the little guns or the lasers. That'd be pretty cool.
Yeah. Lots of ideas. And, of course, I think back to that YouTube that came out a little
while ago with the whole reverse thing where the guy had the whole conceptualized space
thing but he was, like, wearing the sensor bar on his head. That thing was amazing. I
don't know if you saw it.
Yeah, I didn't see it.
I'm sure someone in chat has a link to the YouTube. It's freaking amazing. Rama, really
quickly, any last thoughts? And we got to let you go.
I'm tired of 3D games. I want more 2D games and 3D environments. That's it.
Real quickly, how do you feel about the Bionic Commando remake? Because that seems to be
exactly the kind of thing you're talking about.
I'll buy that for $20.
All right. You do that. All right, thanks so much for your call, Rama. Take care.
No problem.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Seriously, like, I had the biggest nerdgasm when I saw that Bionic Commando thing last
week, if I can even say that. All right, any other...
Any other?
Any other? Yes, I fangasmed all over myself. All right, real quick, I got another call
driving. This is the last one, I promise. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Hello.
Hi, who's this?
This is Let's Have Tea.
Hello, Let's Have Tea. Welcome to the show. Real quick, because we're trying to wrap up,
what did you want to say?
I know you didn't really want any more comments on the whole DDR thing, but there are communities
out there working together using DDR for charities. I know there's an organization in Indiana
that they've been doing annual charities for seven years now, using DDR as a way to raise
money. And this year, they raised just over $2,800 a weekend for a children's hospital.
That's awesome. Do you happen to have a website link or anything?
The community for that is over at nddr.com, and it's called the DDR-a-thon.
Very cool. Let's Have Tea. We've got to let you go, because I swore we were going to wrap
it up, but thank you so much for sharing that with us. Have a good one, okay?
Yep.
All right.
Bye.
Bye-bye. I love that nickname, too. I forgot to compliment him when he was on the line,
but Let's Have Tea is one of my favorite nicknames of anybody in chat. All right, I promised
we could wrap up. We're going to do a couple quick last minute stories, but I did want
to say this real quick, because he's talking about charity, and I think it's really interesting.
This has kind of become a fad lately. I don't know if that's the right word to use, because
that has kind of a negative context with it, but I've noticed it seems like I've seen a
lot of these 48-hour gaming sessions for charity lately. Like, you know, I want to say somebody
sent me an email. I think it was one of our listeners that they were going to play through
the Banjo-Kazooie games in one weekend, and of course, we saw the Mario-a-thon, the Sonic-a-thon,
the Zelda-a-thon, and, you know, it's a very interesting trend right now that people are
doing these marathons for different charities. I think it's cool. I think it's a great example
of how the community can kind of band together. I would caution, though, too much of a good
thing can be too much, so I would encourage those that are thinking about doing these
types of things in the future, I encourage you to think about a spin that you can kind
of put on it to make it your own. You know, what kind of spin can you put on it that makes
it stick out from the rest? That's all. Anyhow, that's it. That's all I'm going to say on
that. Do we have any other last-minute stories, Loki? Sure. To kind of go back to some of
the stuff we talked about earlier, there is a rumor, I guess now, apparently a tipster
who tipped off QJNet about the phasing out of the 20-gig PS3s is also saying that now
he has information about the phase-out of the 80-gig PS3s for GameStop and EB. Apparently
they're also phasing them out as well. And he says, I went ahead and looked in our back
office inventory screen and found that only SKU listed as active for the PS3 console was
the 40-gig system. The 20, 60, and 80 SKUs were deleted. So that's kind of interesting
and of course Sony has come out and said no comment regarding the phased-out rumors. Most
likely though, if we're hearing that a lot of these retailers are phasing out, that something's
going to happen. So not a big surprise there. Someone else apparently found another hack
into the Wii to run their own code. Apparently there's an exploit using a game save for Zelda
Twilight Princess where you can crash it and run a code using a buffer overflow. So it's
kind of neat. Interesting. And then the surfer girl, of course, she's had a lot of rumors
that have come true here. Some of our newest ones include Slalom, I guess, a rare NES game
and that's rare in the company, that actually will be making its way to the Virtual Console
in the next few months here. Some other stuff, they're also talking about Onimusha 5 is apparently
coming out for both the PS3 and 360 sometime next year, as well as Dead Rising 2 and Lost
Planet 2 not too far behind. The PSP also getting a follow-up title coming in the form
of another siphon filter game. And we'll have the story tied into a PS3 version as well,
also set for 2009. And finally, there is some stuff coming from EA. Apparently they are
rumored to be working on another Wing Commander title, an actual Wing Commander title, not
some crappy Xbox Live Arcade game. However, there is also another Xbox Live Arcade game
coming from Rare, and that game is Mr. Pants, which I don't know if you've played Mr. Pants
but it's a weird game. I can't say I have. Mr. Pants. What is a game called Mr. Pants
about? I don't remember but it looked weird. Alright. We're way over for time tonight so
we definitely have to wrap things up. Any other last minute stories quickly though?
I just want to make sure. No. Alrighty. Then let's go ahead and wrap it up with our final
thoughts. Loki, your final thought tonight? My final thought is I need a cage match song
quick. Yes you do. Dark Soccer, your final thought? I picked my cage match song seven
hours ago. And my final thought is vitamin water is very good. It's much better for me
than soda too, I'm sure. As long as I drink it in moderation. I wouldn't live off vitamin
water but it's good stuff. And lastly but certainly not leastly, thank you so much Chris
for coming over tonight and lending your moral support and your shining face to our show.
And a very good bonus segment all thanks to you tonight. So Chris, any final thoughts
from you? The Horde is after your server. And please call in once in a while and let
us know you're doing okay. Oh I plan to. You better. And you're still going to be our roving
reporter in Wisconsin. We'll find something gaming related up there for you to cover.
Okay. Well actually I got something that I want to plug later but I'll do that later.
Do you want to plug it now? Because the show's almost over, you ain't got much time left.
No I'll do it in the cage match. Right before the cage match. Something for the live listeners.
Because you people are special and I love you all. Live listeners get a special treat
from Chris very soon. Well sorry podcasters but that's part of the magic of listening
live. And for those of you on video, I might just dance. That's right. The Justin TV-ers
get to hear it too. Alright and well thank you guys so much for, did I do a final thought?
Oh yeah I said vitamin water. So that, hello, I'm losing my memory already. Anyhow that's
going to do it. Get an old rub. Shut up. That's going to do it for another episode of Orange
Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening. Thank you guys so much for tuning into and
supporting independent podcasting and independent media. I know we say this every week and we
start to sound like a broken record but we really mean it. Without your guys' support
it just wouldn't happen. We wouldn't be here. We wouldn't be able to do this and we do it
for free. We do it because we love getting to hang out with you all on a Sunday night
and even for those guys who can't make it live, we love the feedback and the stuff we
get. You guys are awesome and thank you so much for your support of us. If you like what
we do, all we ask, help spread the word. Tell a couple friends about Orange Lounge Radio.
Post a positive review on iTunes which by the way we got a couple of those this week.
I'd like to really thank those new entries on iTunes this week. Some really nice reviews.
Or wherever you think would be best. I know not everyone uses iTunes so you know whatever.
Dig, Yahoo, podcast, whatever. I think it's great. Thank you guys so much as always and
until next week when we will be joined with our first ever musical guest which is going
to be all kinds of interesting. Can't wait. We'll see you then here at Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm Rob. That's Dark Sakura. That's Loki and we're out.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
