Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, January the 6th of 2008.
Feels a little weird to be saying that, 2008.
Hopefully I can remember to start actually writing that on my check soon.
As we are taping the show tonight, you know, we tape live,
the Consumer Electronics Show is going on, or I should say is kicking off
with their keynote speeches and Microsoft is delivering theirs right now while we're taping the show.
Loki's been watching, keeping an eye on it during the break and while we were taping part A.
Anything come up yet? I know they're not finished, but has anything come up so far?
Yeah, they just kind of, they briefly went over everything.
They were talking a little bit about some mobile platforms and stuff like that.
In fact, actually that's what they're talking about a new telephone service right now.
And apparently I guess their sync service, you know, the one that he keeps in the commercials for,
is basically going to be ripping off OnStar.
Including, you know, if you get in an accident, sync will call, you know, 911, you know,
and then play them a song or something.
No, they'll tell them that you've been in an accident and get, you know, help and stuff.
But anyways, gaming related stuff, they've announced a whole lot of stuff.
Really the couple things they announced, of course, they've sold 17.7 million units worldwide so far to date.
Did 3.5 billion dollars in business through November.
And right now, of course, passed a 10 million member mark on live.
They did announce that their Xbox Live video marketplace is going to have some new additions,
including ABC and Disney are going to be bringing their TV shows to live.
So they're going to get, you know, Lost and Desperate Housewives.
Lost, Desperate Housewives, that kind of stuff.
Gotcha.
Also, they're saying that they're going to be adding MGM movies as well, they're going to be coming.
In the UK, they're going to be offering their medium room service, which is like a, you know,
their IPTV and that kind of thing.
Apparently, though, there's going to be a company, British Telecommunication, I think, BT,
they're going to be partnering with them to use the 360 as a set-top box.
So basically, you'll be able to watch TV, I guess, through that.
So that's kind of neat.
But they have no, you know, Xbox 360 Ultimate or anything like that.
Yeah, though, it's still going on.
It's still going on.
Right now, they're doing some phone service and they're showing that you can watch.
What was the thing you were talking about?
Right when we were doing the, not commercial, but the music break between Part A and B here live,
you were mentioning something about a Zune MySpace type thing?
Yeah, they have the Zune Social.
It's going to be, you know, basically a part of their website.
You can create your own page.
You can make, you know, it'll have your Zune pic and your Zune tag and that kind of stuff.
And it'll basically show all your stats, kind of what you're listening to, your top three songs,
you know, songs that you've flagged as your favorites, that kind of thing.
And customers will be able to go through there.
So it's last FM for your Zune?
Sort of, yeah.
And you can listen to songs that other people are listening to.
You can buy those songs and you can visit their friends and,
you know, listen to songs and that kind of thing.
Interesting.
Seems like everybody's trying to get in on that MySpace, though.
Kind of, it's going to, we're going to get social networked out before too long.
I mean, how many of those freaking social network profiles can you have?
Yeah, and right now they're talking about, you know, connected entertainment, I guess,
is their theme right now, talking about being able to, you know, hook everything up between,
you know, the TV, your Windows PC, your mobile PC, your Zune, et cetera.
Interesting.
Now, Sakura Max is in our chat right now at chat.orangelaunchradio.com
and really doesn't give a shit about anything you're saying, Loki.
What Sakura Max wants to know is how many copies of Eye of Judgment have moved?
That's what we really want the update on.
I don't know.
We haven't gotten the new MPD numbers yet.
But we're not close to a million yet, are we?
Fuck, we haven't even broken a hundred thousand yet.
All right.
Let's go ahead and go back to the gaming news then and Loki will keep one eye on the
Consumer Electronics Show speech and let us know.
Just break in.
If anything really big is announced, just break in, okay?
Definitely.
All right.
Anyways, let's start things off, and this is a little bit surprising.
Apparently, Nintendo is no longer shipping the Wavebird to stores right now.
They have kind of phased out that system.
No word though of, you know, I guess I really wish that they would just allow the classic
controller to play GameCube games.
I think that would make things a lot easier because it's a pain in the ass to have a GameCube
controller play GameCube games and stuff.
I don't know.
But right now, apparently, there's no other way, you know, to play your classic games
on the Virtual Console if you don't have a GameCube controller.
I guess you could buy a wired controller or one of those third-party controllers that's
like a Wavebird like I have.
The Wavebird is an amazing piece of hardware too.
I mean, everybody knows that.
It's like a really great game controller and, you know, it was obviously, you know, it was
wireless kind of before you had the Xbox 360 wireless and PS3, you know, 6-axis or whatever.
Just a great peripheral.
It's kind of weird that it's going away now before Smash Brothers Melee is out.
So if you were hoping to control Smash Brothers Melee with a Wavebird, you'd better get your
hands on it if you don't already have one.
Yeah, I've got mine.
I don't have one, sadly.
One of the things I was talking about, real quick, just to break in with the CES stuff.
They were talking about how, I guess, that there's this new phone service that they're
doing that I think is called Tell Me.
It will actually allow you to use your phone.
Like, say for example, it has GPS and stuff.
You walk up to a theater, it will show you on the phone what's playing there and that
kind of stuff and all the information.
You can buy tickets.
One of the other things that they're showing is you can actually use your phone's camera
to point in that building and get directions to how to get to the building.
What the building is and that kind of stuff.
It will know, I guess.
Freaky.
Kind of freaky.
Pretty soon it's going to be the Jetsons flying cars, video phones, all that stuff.
We already have video phones.
I guess we kind of do with the internet.
We have teleconferencing.
Hey, you know, actually, I'll say this.
I didn't mention this during my gaming week, but I've got to say this is pretty awesome.
Maybe I mentioned this last week.
No, I couldn't have because the New Year's thing happened after last week.
But I had a little New Year's get-together here at the place and Shane is obviously a
good friend of mine.
Meek Latavi has been on the show before, he doesn't live here anymore because Konami
folded in the Bay Area, so he went back to Kansas.
So he's back there and he couldn't come to the party.
But we got on the Xbox 360 cam and I hooked up the cam and so we could all wave at him
through the camera.
I was talking on the phone with him at the same time because he doesn't have a headset
or whatever.
So it was kind of like a way for him to see everybody without actually being here.
I just thought that was really neat.
That's kind of a video phone in that regard.
And that's sort of what I was thinking because even now a lot of cameras like that one, Scott,
doesn't that one have a microphone on it?
Well, iSight, oh yeah.
So really all you need is a camera with a microphone and speaker and there you go.
So that was the equivalent you had with the Xbox camera and being on the phone.
It's not too far off to being an everyday thing available in the home, I think.
Yeah, it's kind of surprising we're not already there because I remember that was a big thing
they always talked about like in the 80s and 90s was the video phone.
Kind of interesting.
It's more, I think, something that they've put more in a business-oriented type market
though because I've worked at places that had video teleconferencing.
And sometimes I answer the phone right after I get out of the shower.
People don't need to see that, you know what I mean?
So I have the option of, you know, this is an unlisted wall.
Never call this wall again!
Or a space ball bathroom.
I'll have to have the phone removed from my bathroom.
Oh, space balls.
Oh, oh that's, oh my god.
That's been a long time since I've seen that movie.
All right, anyhow, Dark Tetsuya was asking if we were playing Strip Uno.
No, perv.
But you do bring up a good point because I have joked on this program that Strip Uno
is really the only reason to have an Xbox 360 cam right now.
Well, I found another decent use for it, so there you go.
There was a New York Times story that came out earlier this week that said that pretty
soon on the Nintendo Wii, you are going to be able to download DS games to your Wii.
And we all thought this sounded like a pretty nice idea and something that, you know, seems
kind of logical.
I mean, after all, you can download original Xbox games on your Xbox and you can download
all these other console, you know, games on your Wii.
Why not be able to download DS games as well?
Well, the smacketh was laid downeth and you cannot actually download full DS games coming
to the Wii.
That is not in the future.
What is in the future, however, is what Japan already has, the DS demos being downloaded
from your Wii to the Nintendo DS, which I think we all saw coming.
That functionality is almost already there to an extent.
You can't download them yet, but if you own a copy of Geometry Wars Galaxies, you can
actually beam a copy of Geometry Wars DS version to your DS.
So that functionality is already there in some games.
But no full DS games at this time, which, you know, is fine because that would mean
there would have to be a whole other memory unit, which means they would probably unleash
a, you know, I'll bet you anything if they do remodel the DS, a new DS remodel is going
to come out with some type of onboard memory so they can do that.
But we'll see.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Yeah.
Well, someone decided to be original, as I say this in humongous quote fingers, and bring
out a peripheral for the cell phone to play different games on that is called a Z-Mote
put out by the company called Z2.
It's a Bluetooth.
It looks just like the Wiimote, only smaller, fits in, you know, directly in your palm,
has an analog stick and buttons on the bottom, and it has a functional motion sensing.
But yeah, it's not based off the Wiimote at all.
On the Nintendo Wiimote, isn't the button on the Wiimote referred to as the Z button?
Isn't that the Z button in games?
On the Nunchuck, it's the Z button.
That's what I thought.
When you do a little ground pound in Smash, or in Mario Galaxy, that's the Z button you're
hitting, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, this isn't going to be a lawsuit at all or anything.
No.
Oh, but it's black.
Oh, then that makes all the difference.
And it looks like it's matte.
It's not shiny.
Oh, well, shit.
That just means the parts are cheaper.
Yeah.
But I mean, seriously, what games are you going to play on your cell phone with this?
Come on.
Really, kids.
Maybe if you're trying to play Pac-Man, because I can tell you from experience that Super
Pac-Man on a cell phone is damn near impossible.
Yeah, really.
One thing that is damn near impossible is to get a damn game that's not censored in
some way.
And unfortunately, Metal Slug 3 has been censored in the US on Xbox Live Arcade.
Instead of spewing streams of blood in the zombie stage, you spew streaming something,
some white substance.
Sweat!
White substance.
That's even worse, I think.
But yes, you shoot streams of semen.
Anyways, that's even grosser than blood.
But if you want to fix it so that there's blood again, all you have to do is just basically
trick the game into thinking that you're Japanese by changing your region to Japan.
Leave it to the chat room to call it Bukake Slug 3.
You know what, though?
That's not anything new from SNK, because I've got Samurai Shodown 2 on Neo Geo, and
if you change your region on it, it will change the blood in the game from red to white.
So that's old hat for them.
Interesting.
By the way, I didn't talk about this during my gaming week, but I did play the Metal Slug
3 on Xbox Live Arcade, and I've got to say, you know, Loki and I especially give Metal
Slug a lot of shit on this program for kind of being the same game over and over.
I did have a shitload of fun with Metal Slug 3.
I almost called it Metal Gear 3.
Metal Slug 3 is actually a shitload of fun, and I bet it will be a lot of fun to play
in co-op mode.
The zombie stage is like my freaking favorite in the whole game.
But nevertheless, the news about a desensitized version of Metal Slug and the fact that things
have to be toned down for us here in America because we can't handle the blood, that just
incites rage within us.
I don't know about you guys, but it motivates us to do a little segment here we call the
FUs of the Week.
I just, I turn into a big emo mess whenever I'm really, really sick because I'm just so
tired all the time, so I was really just crabby and upset, and I hated it.
And I'm feeling better today, but, you know, I have to go back to work tomorrow, and on
top of that, I have to go in early.
But it's a good reason why I'm going in early, because I'm going to my school tomorrow to
see how close I am to graduating.
I might actually qualify for yet my, what, my ninth change of major since starting my
college career ten years ago.
So, and also an FU goes to my right-hand middle finger, because I've started developing the
symptoms of trigger finger in that one as well, so I think that I might have actually
injured something instead of it being some sort of naturally causing thing, because normally
trigger finger sets in if you're older or do a lot of heavy pulling with your hands,
and I don't do either.
I push, and I type, and that's about it, and that's not what causes sugar finger, so I
get to go back and get another shot in my hand, which is going to be fun.
And that's the end.
Loki, do you have anything you want to FU?
I'm not really mad at much of anything other than the really crappy drivers for the Nvidia
cards. Currently the latest graphics drivers that they have now, for whatever reason when
my system boots up, it keeps flashing black every now and then, and I basically have to
switch my resolution down to something lower than switch back up to normal and it stops,
so I don't know why it's doing that because the older drivers didn't do it.
But anyways, so that sucks.
The other thing that kind of really sucks, well, there wasn't really much more announcements,
I guess, at CES, at least the Microsoft thing, that's it.
No Xbox 360 ultimate or anything like that, they're done.
They just basically had Slash come on stage and they played some Guitar Hero 3.
Lame!
Isn't that the way, like, an episode of Scooby Doo would end?
Something like that.
The Slash just comes out and everybody rocks out.
Like a big party.
It was pretty retarded.
Right. My FU of the week goes to whoever stole our garbage can.
There's no fucking garbage can now, thanks to the storm.
I don't know if God stole it, Mother Nature, or one of the neighbors.
I don't know. We are missing a fucking garbage can.
And it's freaky because, like, where are we going to put the trash?
Call them up.
That's what I'm going to do tomorrow.
It's scary. It's a scary notion.
Or still give an FU to that.
By the way, Robert M. would like to point out the irony in our chat room.
The Dark Sakura gave the finger to her finger.
It is that finger.
It is the middle finger.
It's not pleasant. It doesn't hurt or anything.
It just feels like I can't straighten out my finger once I bend it.
It's like, how am I going to flip people off if my favorite finger is broken?
Tigerclaw says, Skye, perhaps it was stolen by a bum?
You know, that's the scary thing.
Like, maybe it was stolen by a bum, but seriously, why does a bum need a fucking trash can?
And seriously, why would he hike this far into this, like, development here to steal a trash can?
And why not steal the recycle bin? It's bigger.
My guess is it blew away.
It blew away in the storm, and someone said, hey, free trash can!
Well, what day was it the day when you had all the trash cans out the curb?
I mean, was that-
No, it wasn't the same day. We brought them back up.
Oh. Well, that's weird.
It's, yeah, it is very weird.
No, we have no idea. It's just the weirdest thing ever.
That's why you store your trash cans behind the fence.
Well, yeah, we'll be doing that from now on, but still, kind of weird, nonetheless.
Yeah, and I don't understand.
If a bum took it because they wanted to, I don't know, live in it or whatever-
Why would you live in a trash can? I mean, seriously-
Did Oscar the Grouch steal my can? Did Oscar the Grouch need a new home?
Why did he not take the- there's three cans.
There's a recycle, there's a lawn, and a garbage.
The garbage one is the smallest-
Because he lives in a garbage can!
Well, fuck you, Oscar the Grouch!
Anyhow, maybe one of the neighbors just hit it and was waiting for us to get back or something,
because I've been out of town, so has my roommate.
Anyhow, who cares about that anymore?
Let's talk about some PC gaming news, some things announced for PC games this week,
including Gas-Powered Games' next project. It's a game called Demigod,
and this game sounds kind of cool because it's going to mix role-playing,
real-time strategy, and action genres.
It's actually announced a game for Windows Magazine, so this is something for PC gamers.
It's being created by Chris Taylor, or I guess he's spearheading it or what have you,
and apparently it's supposed to be inspired in part by Warcraft 3's modification,
Defense of the Ancients.
It looked, from the screenshots,
it looked almost like an RTS version of Shadow of the Colossus.
Interesting.
Well, they have these Titan things that look like, you know-
I always like hearing about these games that combine these very interesting types of genres,
like RPGs and action, that's going to be kind of interesting.
Well, almost every game is an action game.
It kind of makes me think of Kingdom Hearts, it's like RPG mixed with action, right?
So I'm just kind of interested to see what this is.
Yeah, just think more of an RTS game, that's what it basically looks like.
RTS game, I guess, where your troops or whatever will gain experience and that kind of thing,
and then they fight each other, so that's the action part, I don't know.
Well, no release date announced yet, all we know is that Demigod is coming soon.
Of course, the almighty soon, right?
Well, Rockstar is going to be putting out a little bit more digitally now by working
with Steam's PC download service, so they're going to be putting Grand Theft Auto, Max Payne,
and Midnight Club, those different series, up on that service, so that'd be pretty cool.
That is pretty cool.
That is pretty cool, and I think, if I remember correctly, the first
few games that are going to be on there are going to be pretty cheap.
Like, I think they were like ten bucks.
What is it, like the original Grand Theft Auto, or is it some good stuff?
No, the Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City, and San Andreas.
I'll take it.
The first Grand Theft Auto game, and the second, I believe, are available free on their website.
Oh, that's right, they did that some time ago, I forgot about that.
So, you know, if you want to play those, because I remember the original Grand Theft Auto,
that game was fun.
Nothing like what it is today.
No, not at all.
Very, very different.
Anyways, let's see here, Just Cause 2 was announced, or at least some details about it.
They're going to be, I don't know, getting rid of some of the side quests, I guess, in the game,
to kind of simplify it a little bit more, make it more, I don't know, straightforward.
Now, they're saying that they've identified the key areas that they want to improve for Just
Cause 2, they just want to make better use of the huge game world, enhance the stunts,
improve the combat, and reward exploration, which I don't understand how you can reward exploration,
but get rid of some of the side quests.
That's kind of counterintuitive.
But, apparently, the game is not going to be set on the island of San Esperanto anymore.
It's going to be a tropical paradise in Southeast Asia, but it will still have
Rico Rodriguez as the lead character.
I don't know, I didn't really play Just Cause.
I played the demo a lot, and that was fun.
And I know that game had a few glitches where you can fly a plane underwater,
but other than that, it looked pretty cool.
It's so pretty good for a first, you know, a new IP, right?
Yeah, it might be one I might pick up, actually I might pick up the original,
because I think it's dirt cheap right about now.
I think it is dirt cheap.
I think I saw it in a bargain bin the other day.
Well, this isn't coming to a bargain bin anytime soon, because the latest and greatest piece
of technology for you PC gamers is a brand new video card, Nvidia's GeForce 9800 GX2,
a blog called Hard OCP has gotten a peek at the new card.
This card is coming out in late February, early March-ish,
and it's basically going to replace Nvidia's current high-end card, the 8800 Ultra.
Now, I don't follow a whole lot of what this stuff means,
but I imagine for you PC folks that follow this stuff a little better than I do.
You've got one gigabyte frame buffer, two PCBs,
two 65nm GPUs total, and 256 stream processors total.
In other words, fucking great video,
but it'll be outdated next year when something even better comes out.
Well, shit, this stuff's outdated like within a few months.
Really?
The thing is, yeah, well, fuck, I bought a card for my PC and the day after it was outdated.
I traded it in though, so I got a better one.
But yeah, essentially, there's a lot of drama going on with PC graphics cards right now,
because ATI, their cards are nowhere near what Nvidia's are,
and because of that, Nvidia doesn't really have any competition,
so they keep re-releasing their old cards with slightly better processors and that kind of stuff.
So this, essentially, is just two graphics cards shoved on the one card, is what it basically is.
It's like your Core 2, or the quads that they have, the Intel chips,
they're not really a quad-core processor, it's just two Core 2 duos on one processor.
So that's what it is.
It's going to be about 13 inches long, they said, which is fucking huge for a graphics card.
Try fitting that in your case.
But, you know, I'm sure it'll be good.
13 inches long, you say?
Yeah, and I'm sure it'll be, you know, you can quad SLI them,
so if you really want to buy four of these cards, you can run them together.
I don't know why you would, you probably don't need to.
You probably don't need to, but it says 30% faster than the 8800 Ultra.
I know that the card I have right now, which is the 8800 GTS 512, the G92,
that one is a little bit faster than the Ultra, I think, as well.
So save yourself some money, or wait, or buy through a company like EVGA,
where you can step up your cards as new ones come out, so you can always stay with the new stuff.
Dark Sakura, did you hear that I've got one that's 13 inches?
I paid good money for it, too.
I'm sure you did.
Here's what I want to know, Loki.
Will it make WoW run better?
Dude, WoW will run on pretty much anything.
It really will, but it's kind of choc-
Will it make freaking Tabula Rasa run better?
Because I tried playing a demo of that, and it did not run very well on my computer.
Probably.
Which is strange, because it's not like my computer's that old.
The game's a memory hog.
How about we do something else, Rob?
How about we do some emails?
We are going to get to the mailbag, but something you kids should be thinking about,
because it's coming up very soon, not too far after the mailbag,
we're going to bring back a game we haven't done in a long time tonight on the program,
and that is Listless, and we're actually going to be looking for a collar in a little while.
Not yet, but we're going to be looking for a collar to play with us.
It's Listless in tonight's topic, so you can start thinking about-
Well, maybe I'll save that.
I'll keep that a secret.
Save it.
Maybe-
But if you call in right now, Rob will tell us who it is, and we'll laugh.
No, I'm not going to do that right now.
But I am kind of wondering, I should get someone to participate in Listless with us,
so I can tell them the topics, then you can start thinking of their list,
because we don't want to have to come up with it on the spot.
So I'm going to say this, if you want to participate in Listless tonight,
and you're available on Skype-
How about a trivia question to answer by private message?
Okay, I like that.
A trivia question to answer by private message.
Okay.
Well, you got to do mails.
They should probably send it to me.
Okay, let's send it to Rob.
All right, send it to me.
What's the trivia question?
Anything I want?
How about-
I hope you pick something I know the answer to.
Oh, well, if you don't know the answer to, I'll tell you anyway.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't make it too hard.
We want somebody to play.
It'll be easy.
What's my favorite color?
What's Dark Soccer's favorite color?
Yeah.
All right.
All right, send me a private message with what you think Dark Soccer's favorite color is.
And the first person to get it will play Listless with us tonight.
That'd be fun.
And I'll tell them the topics they can think of their list.
All right, so send a private message to Sky.
Meanwhile, Dark Soccer is going to open up the old mailbag and get to work.
There's just four.
Um, well, a fifth one was a thank you.
So, Rob, thank you.
Oh, you're welcome.
What did I do?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Oh, you're welcome.
Um, the first one, um, comes from, um, I'm just going to say Ryan, who put his full name
on here.
So, and I don't read out everybody's full names.
So, so it says, Hey guys, I was wondering if the operator 11 feeds on OLR can be downloaded
to a computer or a PSP.
Rock on Dragon Force.
Um, not right now.
Um, as we have,
um, as we've stated earlier, operator 11 is having, um, mental retardation, I'm sorry,
technical difficulties.
So we're not, um, going to say much more about them.
Right.
So moving forward, the next email comes from, uh, Martin.
Hello, all our crew.
I just want to ask your opinion about a blaming game.
A gaming cliche that I think is really, really outdated.
I constantly hear many game reviewers and game podcasters talk about how kids are always
trying to explain game systems and gaming to parents buying the current gen systems.
I think that it really must be pointed out that these supposed naive parents grew up
with gaming in their lives, starting with the Atari 2600 and Nintendo NES and many cats
gaming since they started myself, including growing up in the eighties.
Yes, it was sometimes a challenge to teach a parent about what a gaming system could
do and their relevance, but gaming has been well established almost every living room
since the 1980s.
I really think that this need to explain to a parent about what a PlayStation or Nintendo
Wii is, is really outdated and just plain foolish to think a good portion of all of
us oldsters have and continue to game in some cases, no more than their kids about gaming.
No more than their kids about gaming don't buy into the hype.
The only parents that do not know what video games are will never get it because they choose
not to know about it.
Martin and all your friends at bunchofdorks.com.
Nice name for a website by the way.
That's fantastic.
Do you have anything to say about that?
I'm sorry, I was monitoring the trivia question.
Summarize for me?
Well, basically saying that since there have been video games for as long as many of the
people out there have, I guess, grown up and are now parents themselves, so there shouldn't
be any excuse for a parent not to be aware of what a system is or what it does, but I
also do think that, and I actually do agree that they don't know what it is because they
choose not to know about it, but I think that it's not really the system so much themselves
as the content that they need to be informed about because when we were little, games didn't
look that major, you know what I mean?
True, we had Metal Gear and we had Splatterhouse, but it was all cartoony looking and now it's
so realistic that I think that there does need to be a degree of caution on the part
of the parents.
So in that case, I can see how they might be naive or misinformed or uninformed, but
I don't think it's the system so much that people really need a lot of education on.
What do you think?
So we finally got a winner of our stupid trivia thing, which-
I could not guess.
Oh my God, it took forever.
Oh my God, I don't think I've made any secret about it.
So next email, oh it's to me.
Wait, which person sent in that last email?
Oh, that was, I closed it, that was Martin from a bunch of dorks.com, let me see.
I remember, I read this email earlier in the week, sorry, I swear I was paying attention
to the chat room.
I know.
But anyhow, no, you know what's funny about this?
When I was reading this, I kind of thought to myself, I was like, okay, as far as the
Atari 2600 generation goes, not everybody had that.
That's the thing, is that some of us were lucky enough to experience that, but even
I think Atari 2600, not everybody in our generation necessarily experienced.
It was still kind of something that only certain kids on the block had, and in some parts of
the country, you weren't as able to find these as easily.
It was still kind of a luxury item, let's put it that way, as video games are in general
today, but even when I say luxury item, an old system such as a Nintendo 8-bit system
or a PlayStation, those are so cheap now that lots of households have these old video games.
I mean when you met them at the flea market.
Right, but I think sometimes, I guess what I'm trying to say is that perhaps your perspective
is a little bit skewed because you were in this place in your generation where you were
able to have this luxury item, where I think a lot of parents, or people that are now parents
weren't exposed to this when they were young, nevertheless, even if they were, they remember
video games as being Pac-Man, combat, and not Grand Theft Auto, or Manhunt, it was much
different back then.
I think that the case with a lot of them is that not everyone has been the hardcore gamer
type, like me and my husband and our person who emailed us, or any of us in this room,
that once we grew up and started working, oh well that's child stuff, we put it away,
we don't do it anymore, well, we are more enlightened.
And it's as fine as a recreation item as any, and we understand that, but there's always
been, I think, when they were growing up with that type of thing, oh, well you're still
doing that.
My mom still says that to me, and I'm like, okay, you sat and played my Nintendo as much
as I did when I had it, so what's your excuse?
And now she wants a Wii, so, my mom wants a Wii, I think that's cute, but at any rate,
that's where I think the difference comes in.
And I think that it's right, those who don't know, it's because they choose not to know,
they haven't educated themselves, so they're all surprised, ew, and they don't have a right
to be.
We can move on now, sorry, sorry I was not paying attention fully the first time.
Aw, this makes me feel slightly better, J-Rod emailed, the one who has a really cool quote
about Olive Garden, says, hey DarkSakura, I know this isn't exactly a gaming question,
but you said you get a sinus infection every single year for New Year's Eve, yes, I'm in
the same boat as you, except whenever I have something like a concert to go to, I'll get
a sinus infection without question.
Someone could ask me to go see a concert tomorrow and I'll develop a sinus infection overnight,
woe is us.
Yeah, well for me, I always get a bad sinus infection at the end of the year, and then
I get like the flu at the beginning of the year, so I think that they just decided to
gang up on me and give me both at once or some crap like that, and I have to read it,
I have to, Rob.
This email is sponsored by the Olive Garden, home of the Never Ending Salads.
Dude, the Olive Garden is the shit, don't forget Never Ending Breadsticks.
We should just go for salad one day.
Let's go to Olive Garden, cause you wanna come over for movie night, cause I have to
show you Stardust, cause I love that movie so much, let's do Olive Garden that night.
If I'm not completely broke.
We'll do dinner at the Olive Garden!
Okay!
Yee-haw!
Last email!
Dun dun dun.
If you can't pay, it'll be my treat, cause I want Never Ending Breadsticks.
Okay.
Alright.
And I'll get you after my payday.
Sweet.
We'll go to Indian again.
Yes.
I thought I was sick.
All I wanted was Indian food.
Okay.
You know what, Ross Steel?
Damn it.
I need to have it out with him for a minute here.
Okay.
Okay, Ross Steel.
God damn it.
You criticize Loki and his, you know, ways, which I, you know, to some extent I agree
with you.
Fine.
You criticize me playing WoW.
Maybe I do play, maybe I do play too much WoW, but I draw the line at you criticizing
our love of the Olive Garden.
Dude, the Olive Garden is great.
The Olive Garden is wonderful, and damn you for thinking otherwise.
Although, although, although, one of these days I'm gonna have to take you to Pasquale's.
They're closed on Monday, but they're open on Tuesday.
I hope you get smited with Zuppa Tuscana.
He should get, um, get, uh, uh, Sangreid in the eye.
Exactly.
That would be great.
May a deep-fried ravioli fall from heaven onto your head.
That sounds good too, I love those.
Um, this email is titled Yaris Made Better by Dragonforce.
Hey, O.L.R., I made this video on YouTube and got the inspiration from you guys and
girl.
I think you should actually start that seg-, uh, should actually start that segment.
There are a lot of crappy games out there and someone needs to make them watchable.
Anyway, I think you guys are great and I will keep saying that, cause you are, and keep
going strong.
To get the video, search for PKJR92, and I'm saying it out loud so that they know what
to look at, on YouTube, or Yaris, or Dragonforce, or even O.L.R.
Sincerely, PK, is it PKJR92?
Sure why not.
Okay.
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine.
Is the quote on there?
I've, I've heard that quote before.
And by the way, I did watch the video, and basically he took the trailer for Yaris, the
30 second trailer for Yaris, and put Dragonforce's music behind it, and it's surprisingly effective.
We do approve.
And I will find the link to that YouTube and post it in chat for you all to look at right
now.
Well, not right, right now, but, you know.
You know, we got one last email.
I can hear Loki watching it right now.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Doesn't it make the game better?
We got one last email in.
All right, sorry.
We're getting a lot better with it.
From SakuraMax.
Hey, O.L.R., just email, just mailing to say Happy New Year.
I was running a little late since I didn't have computer access while the New Year special
was running.
This is from SakuraMax, the one who hasn't annoyed you people in a while, you happy?
And a person with mass gamer ADD, who, what to play next?
So, there we have it.
No more emails?
Nope.
Oops, sorry.
I'm watching the video.
No, I was just going to add a little thing that says I approve.
But anyway, see now everybody in the chat room is like, you need to go have real Italian
food.
You need to go have real.
I have had real Italian food.
I actually went to a little place in Sacramento.
I don't even know if you guys have heard of this, but I always thought I got a kick out
of this.
It's called Espa単ol, which means Spain, but it has really good Italian food.
So there's real Italian places all over.
I bet there are really, really good places in New York, though, and that's where they're
offering to take me.
So I'm not going to say no, especially if you're buying.
So anyhow, if you want to send emails, maybe profess your love for the Olive Garden here
on this program.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
You know, if we're not the weather podcast, we're the food podcast, I swear to God.
Anything but games.
That should be our new tagline.
Anything but games.
We're tired of games.
That's right.
We've been doing games for like six years.
It's time for something new, don't you think?
All right.
We have a couple more stories for you guys, and then we're going to get into tonight's
listless.
Loki, I'll let you go first.
Yes.
Anyways, let's see.
So if you've been playing Team Fortress 2, you may have been noticing that there are
some achievements missing for one of the classes you can play, and that would be the medic.
Well, that's going to be fixed hopefully pretty soon, because GermanSight was listening to
some brand new achievements, 36 new ones actually, for the medic.
So that's kind of neat.
And some of the other ones here, they had heal under fire, which is healing somebody
while on fire.
And let's see here, they have one for healing an engineer, healing teammates who've called
for a medic, Ubering a friend, and they have some other fun stuff like a bonesaw spy caller,
or I'm assuming that's killer, killing an enemy spy with a bonesaw.
Loki, I'm going to interrupt this story to show you the fly swimming for his life in
my coffee right now.
That fly is going to be totally hyped up on caffeine.
The more he swims, the more hyper he gets.
But, goddammit, that just ruined a perfectly good cup of coffee.
Go flies, asshole, asshole fly.
So yeah, hopefully we'll see some of those soon, maybe in an update or something.
Even the chat room is like, Rob's derailing the show tonight, I am.
I do want to say this though, the native Spanish speakers in chat room are yelling at me and
screaming at me, and I should know better, but I only had two years of high school Spanish.
Espa単a is Spain, espa単ol is a Spaniard, or Spanish.
I don't know any Spanish, and I knew that.
Well sorry, donde esta el ba単o, that's what I remember.
Somebody on Ragnarok last night was spamming with donde esta la biblioteca.
Ew, they're telling me to drink the coffee, that's fucking gross.
Ew, no.
What the hell is wrong with you people?
Just say that you are, if you don't have a camera.
I'm drinking it right now, mmm, delicious, oh no, I feel that fly in my throat, it's
so weird.
Oh my God, he's turning into a fly now, that's so crazy.
So this is how we're starting off 2008, huh?
Dear everyone, Rob is crazy, the end.
We can get away with much more when Op 11 isn't running.
Maybe we'll never have a webcam again.
I can get away with a lot of stuff over here because the camera's never on me.
Well, one week I'm going to just surprise you, and it'll be Jamie Cam.
No way, I'll learn.
And it'll catch you picking your nose.
Or I'll put that camera up there and put another camera hidden somewhere that's actually the
real camera.
Oh, it's elaborate.
But it'll work.
Candid camera.
All right, anyway.
I'll make that the day I throw up on you.
You know, a lot of folks have been saying this week with all the Xbox Live downtime,
I'm just going to go play PlayStation Network.
Sony's network is free, I'm just going to go play that.
Well, Sony has been polling customers in some of their Asian regions on ways that they can
improve the PC and PSP PlayStation Store.
One of the things that they're polling about?
A monthly subscription plan.
Hmm.
So possibly is Sony looking into charging a monthly fee for the PlayStation Network?
But no.
Possibly.
Possibly.
All right, Loki, go ahead.
You're wanting to jump at the bit here to say it was.
Sorry.
I'm possibly going to be offering a monthly subscription for unlimited download content.
That's right.
Game tap for your PSP, basically.
But with Sony's games.
I like that idea.
That actually isn't a bad idea at all.
I would hand it to Sony if that's the case.
Of course, the trump on that, I guess, is that there isn't really a whole lot of download
content on the PlayStation Network.
Would be a definite way, though, to ensure income from the service on a regular basis.
I'd pay for that for a month, download everything, and then that's it.
Just wait a few months.
What if it's contractual?
I don't think services like that are usually contractual, are they?
Some are.
Well, like game tap isn't it?
It's month-to-month.
All right.
All right.
Well, anyhow, I think it's about time for us to have a list list.
What do you guys think?
Are we going to have a list list time?
Sure.
All right.
List List is the game where we're going to create the definitive list for something.
You know, lists are big, especially around this time of year as one year has ended and
another begins.
Lists are big, so we're going to make our own list tonight.
I know we have a lot of new listeners since the last time we've done this because we used
to do this game a lot and we probably haven't played it in like four months.
So the way List List works is that we're going to have four panelists, myself, Loki Dark
Soccer and our Mystery Caller, and each of us are going to give you our top three things
that will match the list.
And then here's the twist.
Each one of us takes one thing off the list.
So you have 12 that gets taken down to eight.
So once we're down to eight, then the chat room votes on the top three and that will
bring us the definitive list.
And tonight's topic for the list, if you'd like to start posting your suggestions in
chat, here it is, gadget I'd like to see them announce at Consumer Electronics Show.
It doesn't have to be gaming related, just any type of tech gadget.
So the gadget you would like to see them announce at the Consumer Electronics Show.
It can be real, it can be crazy, anything you want, but that's it right here, tonight's
List List.
So let us call the person who correctly guessed Dark Soccer's favorite color.
If I can find them in the list, I suddenly can't find them.
Live radio, folks.
I'm making them call us.
Tell us a little bit about your favorite color.
My favorite color is very, very dark, very, very dark.
That's right, Dark Soccer's favorite color was matte.
Like my soul.
That's right.
Just like your soul.
Okay, I tried calling the person and it's busy.
Oh, here we go.
Are you there?
I'm here, yes I am.
Hooray, introduce yourselves, person who won.
This is SSJ100 Matt.
Hello, SSJ100 Matt, how are you?
Hi.
I'm fine, all right.
Are you a big fan of Consumer Electronics Show?
Do you look forward to it every year?
I don't check out the keynotes or anything, but I like to watch what they got showing.
What do you think about what I said earlier in the show?
Is it true that most game nerds are somewhat of tech nerds too?
They like to see the latest tech stuff?
I think you kind of have to be, to tell you the truth, especially with the whole next
gen that's going on now.
All right, well tonight's topic is the gadget we would most like to see them announce at
the Consumer Electronics Show.
Do you have a list?
Your top three?
Yeah, I certainly do.
All right, then we're going to kick it off here.
Let's do the background music one more time just because it's so awesome.
And if at any time you need some suggestions, just look at our chat room.
They're lighting up in chat there with their suggestions.
All right, SSJ100 Matt, because you're on the phone, you get to start us off tonight.
What is your number three pick?
My number three pick is the Rez Trans Vibrator 2.0.
And why a Rez Trans Vibrator 2.0?
Because it will come out just in time for Rez HD.
That's a good point.
Rez HD is just around the corner.
That's a good idea.
Who wants to go next?
I can go.
Dark Sakura, what is your number three pick?
My number three pick is a remote-directed EMP gun for jamming other people's cell phones.
And why, pray tell, do you need an EMP gun to jam people's cell phones?
For people driving like fucking retards on the road while talking with their phone glued
to their face, or people in front of me in line at the grocery store too busy talking
on their phone to pay attention to what the hell they're doing.
These people need to either die in a fire or hang up the phone.
Or both.
Preferably not.
I'd buy it.
Alright, that's actually a good idea.
Alright, I'll go next.
My number three pick, now I don't know if you've ever seen these, have you ever seen
those guns at like Target or things that shoot the big blast of air at people?
Yeah, the air cannons?
I don't know.
Air cannons?
Airzookas.
Airzookas.
Airzookas?
Okay, Airzookas are so awesome, but I want them to introduce like an Airzooka that will
actually blow somebody over.
Because it has so much power in it.
So I'm going to just call it the Supreme Airzooka.
And I don't know how electronic that gadget is, but I would imagine you'd need a little
battery power to make that thing work.
Alright, Loki, your number three pick.
My number three pick would be kind of a sequel to the iBo.
It's the iPer, and it would be, you know, a robotic cat.
They already have those.
Well, I want one from Sony, because, you know, I need my cat to be able to spy on my other
cat so I can see what's going on, you know.
Sony does have an iBo cat.
They have a gray one and a white one and a black one.
But he can put anything he wants on the list.
You take it off if you don't like it.
Alright.
Fine.
What, iSloth?
I mean, yeah.
iFerret.
iFerret.
Alright, iFerret.
I go with iFerret.
You're going to change it to iFerret.
iFerret.
Alright, we're back to you, SSJ100Matt.
What is your number two pick?
My number two pick is an Apple handheld gaming system.
As is the device of many fanboys' dreams.
Are you an Apple fanboy?
Not really.
Oh, okay.
Well, why then, especially from non-fanboys, should Apple announce a handheld gaming system?
You know what, I think there should be another handheld gaming system in general that's not
the N-Gage.
As RawstealUT says, the Pippin Boy?
Is that what it would be?
Alright, DarkSakura, what's your number two pick?
A streaming TV for iPhone.
Like the YouTube channel, but like actual episodes of stuff.
I was going to say, YouTube's not good enough for you, huh?
Well, because you can't really find full episodes of stuff on YouTube, and it's like a limited
YouTube.
So they need to have like a show service, like for me, because I don't like to sit in
front of the TV because that's just boring to me.
You know, I have to have other stuff going on.
So having it on my iPhone, and I could watch for a little bit and then go do other crap,
and then come back and finish watching it when I'm done, would be perfect for me.
Alright, I'm actually going to take my number two pick from the chat room, because this
is a darn good pick, and we can be as still as we want, right?
So I'm going to suggest that a portal gun be unveiled as CES, so I can have my very
own portal gun.
Because seriously, who couldn't use a portal gun?
I could use one all the time.
So portal gun, there you go.
Loki, what would be the number two pick for you?
My number two pick also happens to come from Portal.
I would like the Aperture Science Sentry Bot.
You know, the ones that say, hello, and then turn the chute at you.
It'd be perfect for the neighbors.
Oh, those things are such assholes, but okay, yeah, those would be good guard dogs.
I'm surprised no one said a companion queue, but I guess we haven't gotten to the number
ones yet, so let's see.
SSJ100Matt, what is the number one thing you would like to see them debut at CES?
New gadget.
My number one pick is the Dreamcast 2.
Sega fanboy, eh?
You know what, I just want to see another Sega system.
I'm not really a fanboy, I just think, you know.
Don't you think it's about time to let go?
No.
Alright, fine.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what would be your number one thing you would like to see them
announce at CES?
Portable Xbox Live Arcade.
Portable Xbox Live Arcade, not a bad choice.
What made you decide to go with that?
Because remember when we were speculating what the interactivity between the Zune and
the Xbox was going to be and we were thinking, because they had the thing where you could
see which of your friends was online at the time and all that, and we had sort of joked
about they should have a way to bring your downloadable content with you.
I think that that would be really awesome.
Did you happen to see, just on a semi-related note, did you happen to see what the number
one most played Xbox Live Arcade game was in 2007, Courtney Major Nelson?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
We were playing that the other night, too.
Good times.
Alright, my number one...
And Smash TV.
Smash TV is good times, too, but that's a little older.
My number one pick thing I would like to see them announce at CES, who wouldn't want one
of these in their house?
It would be the ultimate gadget.
I would like to see them unveil the holodeck.
Seriously, holodecks are awesome.
Alright, Loki, what would be your number one pick gadget you would like to see them unveil
at CES?
My number one pick has already been said, which was a portal gun, but that's alright,
because I didn't really have anything that I thought of.
But this would be kind of cool.
I know it's not practical in any sense whatsoever, but we haven't seen anything come from George
Foreman in a while, so I want a George Foreman grill that I can cook an entire cow on at
one time.
That would be great.
And it needs to clean the cow's guts out for you and everything.
What, pray tell, would the George Foreman entire cow grill be called?
It would be George Foreman's self-cleaning cow grill.
I don't know what to say.
This is going to be very hard, because this is a very good list of items that we've built
tonight.
Black Labs does the mean, lean, fat-reducing cow machine.
It would certainly reduce the size of those cows.
Uh, wow.
We said anything.
Very few of these items are actually gaming-related, I'd like to point out, but if it's the theme
of our podcast tonight.
Alright, SJ100 Matt, I posted the list there in private message for your reference.
Let me go ahead and read it as it stands now.
I'm going to kill the music, because this is the serious round, because we have twelve
items on the list, but four of these things are not worthy of being on the list.
We have Res Trans Vibrator 2.0, Remote EMP Gun for jamming people's cell phones, Supreme
Airzooka, iFerret, Apple Handheld Gaming System, Streaming TV for iPhone, Portal Gun, Aperture
Science Sentry Bot, Dreamcast 2, Portable Xbox Live Arcade, Holodeck, and George Foreman's
self-cleaning cow grill.
Four of these things are not worthy of being on the list.
Uh, SJ100 Matt, what is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to go with the Airzooka.
You're a bastard, but that's alright.
I guess it's not that electronic, is it?
Let me see.
Alright, Supreme Airzooka is not worthy of the list.
Yeah, that isn't really an electronic, although I guess you would need electronics in order
to build an aquaver person.
But how awesome would that be?
Come on, seriously.
Alright, Dark Sakura, which of these things is not worthy of the list?
Um, I'm going to say the Apple Handheld Gaming System.
I was expecting Loki to do that.
Just because...
I was going to.
Just because I think that Microsoft would do it better.
Oh, snap!
Well, but there's also the iPhone, in which in a way they'll probably turn into a gaming
system.
And you know there's going to be stuff coming out on that eventually.
I love my iPhone, don't get me wrong, but I think that when we have a company that's
already established for having quality games out now, I think that's only, you know, inevitable.
Alright, well I've got to get rid of this.
I'm so sorry SSJ100 Matt, we're picking on you tonight, but Dreamcast 2 is not worthy
of the list.
Because it's not going to happen, kids.
None of the things I listed were never going to happen.
A holodeck has a better chance of happening at a future consumer electronics show, or
Loki's fucking cow grill has a better chance than the Dreamcast 2.
Loki, that being said, we're down to nine items on the list.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to have to take off Res Trans Vibrator.
Well, I mean, seriously, I mean, it's one damn game, I mean, if you really...
I'd buy it.
They could just have a vibrator.
I would like to point out, this doesn't happen very often, but the hosts have effectively
eliminated all of SSJ100's lists.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your airzooka got taken off?
No, I know, but the other three, we eliminated SSJ's entire list.
I forgot.
Okay, okay.
No, sorry, that's the way the cookie crumbles.
SSJ100 Matt, I'm very sorry.
Apparently your choices just weren't worthy tonight.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Are you going to cry about it?
No, I'm going to go cut myself.
All right, well, I'm sorry that things didn't go your way tonight, but hey, because you
don't have any items on the list, we'll still let you vote for the winner.
How's that sound?
All right.
That sounds good to me.
All right, anything you want to plug before we hang up on you?
Nope.
All right.
Have a good one.
Yep, you too.
All right.
I like it when they don't have anything to plug.
Poor guy.
He got his whole list eliminated by us three bastards.
That hasn't happened very often.
I can only think of one other time in list lists where somebody's entire list got eliminated.
They were mad that I took off the ResTrans vibrator 2.0.
Oh, well.
How do you improve something that vibrates?
I mean, seriously, it's not that complicated.
Poor power.
All right.
Well, here we go.
We are left with eight choices that have been deemed worthy of the list.
Here they are.
The remote EMP gun for jamming people's cell phones, an iFerret, a streaming TV for the
iPhone, a portal gun, an Aperture Science SentryBot, a portable Xbox Live Arcade, a
Holodeck, and a George Foreman self-cleaning cow grill.
Please send in your votes via private message for your number one and number two picks.
If you don't label them one and two, I will assume that the first one is your number one
pick.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat.
You have about 10 minutes while we go over these next few stories, so place your votes
now.
Meanwhile, we get back into the gaming news with Dark Sakura.
We have our dear friend who is the god of third-party peripherals, mad cats, making
instruments for Rock Band.
They have a multi-year licensing agreement with MTV Games to do wired and wireless bass
guitars and a percussion set that's got drumsticks and a microphone and stuff.
So it looks like we're going to be seeing those come out eventually.
Awesome.
This is the first half of 2008.
Well, one place you probably won't be able to get a good deal on those would be at Best
Buy and apparently they had a coupon that was in, I guess, one of the local papers for
25% off of three toys.
You basically buy one toy, save 10%, buy two, save 15, buy three, save 25%.
Well, oddly enough, games are listed as under the toy section on the website.
However, if you went into a Best Buy and tried to use that coupon, they would not let you
because they said that games are not a toys and says, let's see here, apparently an employee
at Best Buy said that games and game systems do not apply to that coupon because they're
not toys.
A toy would be like a doll.
Best Buy, ripping people off yet again, awesome.
So what do you think of that?
Is video games a toy or not?
If they're listed under their website as a toy, then yes, I think it would apply as a
toy, but you've got to be more clear on that stuff.
If you're just saying a toy does not apply to video games, that's what they should have
had the fine print on the coupon, but they didn't, I think they should honor it, so that's
their own fault.
And the fact that they're saying, oh, I'm sorry, that's not a toy, well, it doesn't
say it's not and on your website it says it is.
I'm sure, though, if you looked it up on their website in the store, since it's a different
website, their intranet, probably would be otherwise, but I don't know, they rip people
off all the time with this kind of shit.
Bait and switch, got to love it.
All right, well, we're going to give just a couple more minutes for listless votes,
so get those votes in now.
We will announce the winner shortly and we're going to be taking your Skype calls on our
Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and pretty
soon you'll be able to call in from your PSP apparently, but I'm going to ask first, while
we wait for any last minute votes, if there's any last minute stories that any of the hosts
would like to cover tonight.
There's not a whole lot.
Sony of course introduced the 16 gigabyte memory stick duo for, you know, obviously
cameras and PSP and stuff like that.
That's a whole lot of movies on there, or a whole lot of games, depending on how you
look at it.
I don't know, that's pretty much it.
It's been pretty dead.
Yeah, it was a very slow week, I noticed that.
We had less stories in our show role than usual, so that's all right.
Next week will be busier after CES, even though CES isn't really a games show, certainly a
lot of the tech news.
One thing, speaking of tech, I don't think this came up anywhere, which is strange.
I thought we had it in our role, but I don't know if you heard, but Warner Brothers is
sending their support of HD DVD, which is a huge blow to HD DVD supporters, which sucks
because I'm one of them.
They actually have an HD DVD player, but what can you do?
In fact, it's the ramifications, because if you think about it, Warner Brothers also owns
New Line, which is a huge studio.
They did Lord of the Rings, right?
This is just a huge blow, and they're saying that this could single-handedly turn things
in Blu-ray's favor.
But something to keep in mind, Paramount is still HD DVD exclusive, and I believe there's
one other studio that's still-
Universal?
Yeah, HD DVD exclusive, so it isn't necessarily over yet, but that is a very big blow, even
I'll admit that, because that means the Batman movies and stuff are going to be Blu-ray exclusive,
which kind of sucks.
It was also the thing Kmart did too, saying they weren't going to carry Blu-ray.
Just one more last minute story, and this is kind of stupid, but apparently some guy
shot his son over an Xbox 360 argument.
Apparently a 17-year-old in Pennsylvania wanted his father to look at his Xbox 360 for some
unknown reason, and the father refused.
An argument ensued, resulting in the kid handing a rifle to his father, telling him to just
go ahead and shoot him.
So the father did.
Now apparently the kid is sedated in a hospital with a bullet lodged in his skull, and the
father is in jail.
Talk about asshole.
What's the kid doing with a rifle?
That's one of the many questions I have.
Hold on, you know what, I'm sorry, this means we need to fire up something for 2008 here.
This is the inaugural stupid award of 2008, I'm sorry.
Like I've heard these arguments before where, you know, somebody is yelling at somebody
else and goes, I'm sure it says like, why don't you just shoot me, why don't you just
kill me?
Like, that doesn't mean you actually shoot them.
Have you ever heard of like a metaphor?
Congratulations, what's this guy's name?
Uh, they didn't have his name.
So Unknown Dead 17.
I saw it somewhere, wait, I gotta look at this, I know I saw this somewhere, you have
to go to the original site that ran it, because I want to say this happened not that far from
where I've been in Pennsylvania before.
Let's see, where the hell was it?
Uh, person, let's see, 60 year old James Stanley Niedasek shot his 17 year old son.
So congratulations James Stanley, I can't pronounce your last name, you win the first
stupid award of 2008, courtesy of Orange Launch Radio, for shooting your son in an argument.
Ass.
Uh, there's a release date for the Xbox 360 and Wii versions of Bully out in the UK, March
7th.
We're getting that here too, I believe, right?
Yeah, it's around March.
Sweet-ish.
This should be the scholarship edition over here.
Gonna be very nice.
Alright, shall we get to tonight's listless winners?
It was neck and neck tonight, only one vote separated number one and two.
But everything got a vote tonight, which doesn't happen very often in listless, but somebody
in chat wanted a little bit of everything.
But in the end there could be only three, so here it is, your top three gadgets you
would like to see them unveil at CES.
This is the definitive list, no arguing, it's a very scientific method we use here, it's
done.
The number three thing you'd like to see them debut at CES is the holodeck.
The number two thing you'd like to see them debut at CES is a portal gun, meaning the
number one thing you'd like to see at CES either this year or 2009, the George Foreman
self-cleaning cow grill.
Awesome.
It bakes the whole fucking cow.
Beautiful.
Not bad for a last minute pick to fill in the other number one.
Now your only trouble is where do you get a cow?
That's the only downside.
Tip it over and then put it in a bag, I don't know.
That's it, you tip it over into the grill.
Nice.
Alright.
Let's go ahead and open up the Skype line of calls then, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to go ahead and give us a call.
We'll take your calls, we'll take a few of those.
RossdielUT says, Loki, you can get a cow carcass at Publix Easy while here in Florida.
I don't even know what that is, to be honest.
Do you know what that is?
Nope.
I know, I have no idea what that is.
What?
Oh.
You have to give this to me now while we're trying to take calls on Skype.
Alright.
Yes, I had to.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is RossdielUT.
Hello, RossdielUT.
Hi.
Friend, buddy, pal.
Hey there.
What's on your mind?
Hey.
Oh, nothing much.
First off, Publix is a supermarket chain over here in the Southeast.
Very big.
Very big supermarket chain.
They don't have those here.
I mean, you can get, like, a lot of meat at the store, but you can't get the whole damn
cow.
Yeah, I've seen people, I used to work at a Publix once, and yeah, I used to see people
getting the cow carcasses.
Wow.
I guess that's what they do for Thanksgiving instead of a turkey.
I don't know.
That's something I'd like to see them doing on Supermarket Sweep, putting five of those
cow carcasses right in the car.
You'd need more than one cart, man, those things are fucking huge.
Well that's how they did it on the show, they'd fill up one cart and throw it to their partner
and they'd get another cart, alright, anyway.
Would Supermarket Sweep not be the best video game ever?
I'm sorry?
I'm sorry, would Supermarket Sweep not be one of the best video games ever?
Like, that's the kind of shit they need to be doing for Xbox Live.
Seriously.
That would be a good Xbox Live or kid game, actually.
I hope Microsoft's listening.
I hope you guys are listening.
Alright, what else is on your mind, Ross Deal?
Let's see, in reaction, a couple of things, actually.
In reaction to the whole Warner Bros. New Line thing, the CES HD DVD press conference
got cancelled.
I heard, it's like they've got their tail between their legs going, argh argh argh argh.
Well it's pretty big when you think about it.
There's only like three exclusive HD DVD studios left, and Paramount, like I said in the chat,
they're only exclusive because Microsoft paid them a boatload of money.
I have a bad feeling HD DVD's time is running out, and it kind of makes me sad because I
am an HD DVD owner, but here's my question is, I read somewhere that porn was suddenly
supporting both HD DVD and Blu-ray, but I seem to remember we covered an article.
I've seen pornographic Blu-rays on offer, I've seen them in places.
I could have sworn on this program last year we had a story about that the porn industry
had gone with HD DVD for some reason.
I don't remember the reason, but they went with HD DVD.
Why did they go back on that?
Because I always said, whoever gets porn wins the war, and now that porn is going to Blu-ray,
I'm like, it's over.
Well the problem with porn really is that it's not like like a DVD, now you see porn
really moving into the downloadable space, so it's perhaps not as important for the
disc this time around, because it's pretty much all over the internet, there's a site
everywhere for it.
You know what I mean?
It's not like Xbox Live Marketplace is going to suddenly offer porn, although they ought
to.
Well, not on Xbox Live Marketplace.
Why not?
Don't they have a whole slew of horror films that are like the most supreme horror of horror
gore fest slash films?
I mean, if you're going to have one pornographic extremity, why not have another?
I would consider the amount of violence in those films pornographic to an extent.
Why not some titties?
You could say the same thing about Wal-Mart.
They carry those movies and they don't carry porn.
Microsoft has an image to protect, but what I was about to say is that you can't go five
steps in either direction online without dipping into a pay site, so that's where I see a lot
of the pornographic market going is online, because you don't have to worry about people
picketing in front of porn shops or whatever.
It's a lot less trouble than having brick and mortar.
I'm picketing in front of your internet.
I know why they can't do porn on Xbox Live, because it would shut it down again.
I mean, do you think the holidays were bad?
I mean, the day porn is released on Xbox Live, the internet is going to die.
Oh, then you'll really see those stupid stories.
It's a gateway to porn, because none of the parents are going to be...
Well, the problem is they already did that with the Wii, so you remember that a few months
back.
My child went to XTube on the Wii.
Anything with any sort of internet capability is going to have pornography.
My concern is if it ever went to Xbox Live or a cage, you'd have a bunch of people go
on and watch some porn, and they go play Halo or Uno with their cameras, and you see them
all.
Well, the PlayStation Network is going to get porn pretty soon, with Home coming out
there, and you're going to be able to put a TV in your home, and you can put porn and
stream it off of your, well, 88 hard drive.
I bet anything you're only going to get to put pre-selected video clips that just happen
to be clips from Sony's latest movies and TV shows.
No, it's going to be stuff that's off your hard drive.
It's going to be anything, yeah.
Really?
Anything on your hard drive, yeah.
Anything on your hard drive, yeah.
Anything on your hard drive, yeah.
Any available at home.
Yeah.
Are you going to have a virtual porn house in Home?
Sure, why not?
No, it's going to be fun.
Oh, what I want to know is are they going to be, you throw cocks at people in Home.
Are they going to throw cocks at people?
Second Life.
Jamie, did you have something you wanted to say to this?
Exactly, everything else is Second Life.
I was just going to say Walmart wasn't exactly the best thing to bring up, since they actually
sold censored versions of movies.
Not here.
I totally agree with the point that Wal-Mart's just as bigoted as everybody else in this
sense that they're going to sell the violent movies, but heaven forbid our children see
titties!
Oh no!
Heaven forbid we teach them responsible sex at the young age!
Wal-Mart is a huge contradiction.
They'll sell the unrated movies gladly, they'll sell the M-rated games gladly, but they won't
sell porn and they won't sell music with explicit lyrics.
I never understood that.
Never.
I will never forget that fucking Sheryl Crow, of all people, got banned from Wal-Mart because
she said in one of her songs she had a lyric about somebody buying a gun at a Wal-Mart
store.
Well, you can, in fact, buy guns at Wal-Mart stores.
Yes, you can.
They have a hunting section.
So Wal-Mart fucking bans Sheryl Crow, because Sheryl Crow poses this huge threat to society.
Like what's going to happen, you know?
She does, however, pose a huge threat to good music.
You know, when I think of hard fucking core music, I think of Sheryl Crow.
Exactly.
Anyway, last thing before I go, you'll be happy to know that long after it's been released,
they're releasing a Stranglehold map pack.
I'd actually heard about that.
I got the email from Midway, except I never played Stranglehold in the first place, so
I forgot about that.
I was about to say, I mean, it wasn't exactly a best-selling game.
Why would anyone care at this point?
Usually they were already making it, thinking the game was going to be huge, and now it's
just kind of one of those wah-wah kind of releases, you know?
Yeah, they kind of have to at this point, huh?
Yeah.
And if you spent the resources on it, if you can make 50 bucks off it, why not?
Exactly.
It's better than nothing.
Try to recover the cost of the people making it.
All right, well, Rossdiel YouTube, we've got to let you go to take some other calls, but
thank you very much for your call.
Have a good one, man.
Always a lot of fun.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
I think it's so funny, Rossdiel YouTube, because, you know, he's such a critic in chat
and says a lot of, but when you get him on the phone, he's such a nice guy, oh, laugh
a lot.
No, it's cool.
All right, let's take some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
This is Arke Rieper in chat.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm fine.
What's on your mind?
I'm calling from Sweden, actually.
You're calling from Sweden?
It's got to be like four in the morning over there.
I think I'm the first one to actually call from Sweden, maybe.
I think so.
I think he is.
We've had people in, like, England, and I want to say we've had South America, definitely,
Mexico.
Argentina.
Mexico.
I want to say we've had another...
You've had Denmark.
Denmark was it, but we haven't had Sweden.
Well, welcome to the show.
Well, good evening, so to say.
Well, I don't know.
I was a bit pissed last year, since in your years of years, your best of year, since never
ever spoke about that the expansion for World of Warcraft, Burning Crusade, actually came
out, but then again, I just was like, wait, did that actually got released last year?
It seems like it was a long time ago.
You're right.
That did come out in January, and as far as PC games go, that was a huge title.
Now, in all fairness, and to cover our rears a little bit, we did talk about BlizzCon.
We talked about the wrath of Lich King.
I remember, I don't know actually when I got hooked on your show for some reason, but I've
been listening to your show like, I would say, maybe a year and a half, but then again,
I had some, what is it, since I've upgraded platform from going from Macintosh to PC nowadays,
so I've had, what is it, one and a half year that didn't go that well.
Do you play WoW yourself?
Are you really big into Burning Crusade?
I would say that I'm a huge WoW player, since that's basically almost the only thing I played.
What did I buy games last year?
It was Burning Crusade, and I tried out Eve Online this summer, and then I bought the
Orange Box.
Good choice.
Good taste.
And that I share with games, really.
Here's my question, though, to you, because I notice you're mentioning a lot of PC games,
and we always like to ask our callers who call in from other countries, because I know
a lot of times here on this program we focus on, here's what's happening in Japan, here's
what's happening in the U.S.
We try to cover the overseas stuff, but sometimes it's best to kind of hear it firsthand, what
the gaming scene's like overseas.
For instance, we've kind of heard from callers that have called from Latin and South American
countries talk about that a lot of the scene is very expensive there.
What would you say the gaming scene is like in Sweden?
Is it easy to walk into a store and pick up the latest and greatest game or console, or
is it a challenge?
That's like a piece of cake.
The only problem is that, well, what?
Games are currently quite fun in one way, since the PS3 is, for the cost of a PS3, you
can actually get a decent computer and start playing WoW or Orange Box, whatever you want
to.
Interesting.
Well, they do say the PS3 is supposed to be a computer.
Well, at least they keep going back and forth on that.
Yes, it's a computer.
No, it's not.
And still, I, what is it, they, there was a argument that really that the cell engine,
which is in the PS3, is not even made for games, so.
So I'm assuming that the PlayStation 3 sales in Sweden are similar to that they are here,
where there's quite still a big pile of them at the store waiting to be moved.
Yeah.
Yeah, it really is.
But then it was, oh.
So I guess maybe we aren't so different after all.
When you look at that.
Maybe you want to cut me off right now, but anyway, I just want to say, Sky, what is it?
You have a 7E Druid, which I'm quite impressed in one way, since, well, what?
In a way, just, well related, I've played World of Warcraft on US servers for one year,
and I never even got to level 40.
Are you playing on a PvP server?
That's probably why.
PvP servers was, well, was it, it was Warsong.
But here's the thing, I've developed the infamous Altiholic disease, which is that you made,
well, one character, and then you get it to get a character of like 35 or something, and
then you play another one, and then you repeat that for quite some time.
So basically you have WoW ADD is what we would call it, where you just, you can't focus on
one character.
I have plenty of friends who do that same thing.
I was like, I haven't got a character past level 8.
Although, really, I actually have 63 Mage nowadays.
And well, what is it?
When the Burning Crusade came out, I switched to European servers.
So well, they made it a lot easier to level.
But then again, when the 2.3 patch later, that came out just a few months, one month
ago or something, not even that, made it a lot easier to level.
You know, I don't know what it is, and I do have to wrap up and get going soon, but I
will say this about Druid is that what's amazing about that class is it's one of the last classes
I tried playing in WoW, and I think the reason I've stuck with it so long is that you really
can do a little bit of everything as a Druid, and that's why I have so much fun with it.
Because I can spam Moonfire or whatever, but then I can heal, or in a pinch I can flip
in a bear form and tank, even though I'm not very good at it because I'm spec'd for balance.
But you know, it's kind of interesting.
So yeah, well I know how fun Druid is.
I got one at level 45 at 2.3.
Now you need to take it a little higher.
They were speaking about what was the New Year's promises or stuff, and my problem is
that I will say that I will get one character at level 70, but then I just realized that
there's this new MMO that's been announced that's called Warhammer Age of Reckoning,
which is highly anticipated in my ranks, which is Weehoo.
Well it sounds like it could be a big year into 2008.
Hopefully we don't neglect to mention that at this year's end special, or we might get
another call berating us.
No, I'm just kidding.
Anyway, we've got to wrap up.
I don't mind letting the international calls go on a long time, though, because I know
you've got to stay up very, very late to listen to our program, and we appreciate it.
But thank you so much.
Do you have any other quick final thoughts, things you want to share with our listeners?
I don't know.
Just keep on the way to the show.
It's really one of the greatest I have heard so far.
Well thank you.
I appreciate that.
Hats off for you.
Appreciate it very much.
Thank you so much for staying up and listening to us, a true fan.
Take care, buddy.
It is actually my second attempt in listening to you live.
I'm usually not, well since it's the hour, difference is such a huge difference.
One of these days, we're going to have to do a show at noon to give our British, not
just British, but overseas listeners a break, you know, everybody over in those time zones,
you know.
Maybe we'll have to.
Sweden, Denmark, all of them.
All right.
I've got to let you go.
Thanks so much for the call, though.
We love hearing from the international folks.
It's awesome.
We'll do one more call if you've got any other calls coming in.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron.
What's up, everybody?
Hey.
How you doing, Rama?
I'm doing good.
I'm finally recovering from my holidays, and so how about you guys?
I'm doing fine.
Thank you for the card, by the way, on a personal note.
Hey, no problem.
Jamie, did you get your card yet?
I have to check the mail.
We have a pile of it, and I've been sort of too sick to look at anything.
You know what's hilarious, Rama?
Your car actually got wet because of the storms.
The rain got in my mailbox.
Isn't that crazy?
No.
That happened to Dan's friend, Will.
He was expecting the title to his truck, and he found it floating in the gutter.
Oh, my God.
Well, it wasn't that bad.
It's just that the wind actually blew open the little flap, and water got in there.
It's crazy.
So, anyway, sorry, Rama.
Enough about me boo-hooing.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I'll make this brief.
I finally got a chance to play Rock Band.
Oh, what did you think of Rock Band?
It is great.
It has got to be one of the greatest games I've played all year.
I am probably one of the only people on the planet that thinks that Guitar Hero 3 has
a better song list than Rock Band.
I don't know why.
I'm just not as into the songs in Rock Band.
Although, I will say, Rock Band has some great download songs.
I actually like that Attack song a lot, the one you told me to get.
I actually really like that song.
Rock Band's growing on me, but here's my question, because I was just thinking about this earlier
today.
I know it's your call and everything, but I'm deflecting.
What do you think they could do for Rock Band 2?
I have more instruments.
A keyboard would be nice for Rock Band 2.
That I would like to see happen.
You know what I think they should do for Rock Band 2?
Not have a Rock Band 2.
I think they should come out with Pop Band.
And I think in Pop Band they should get rid of maybe the guitar, lose the guitar and put
the keyboard in instead or something.
Or lose the bass and put it in the keyboard.
I don't know.
But I would love to see them do a Pop Band game, although I don't know how that would
go over.
Well, if they do a Rock Band 2, maybe one of the controls could be a double axe handle
controller.
That would be pretty rad to have, because that's what my character has.
I have a giant double axe controller with a big unicorn on it, because you can put stickers
on a guitar.
So I put a big unicorn on it.
It's awesome.
Dan has the tattoo of the snake coming out of the pants.
Nice.
And every time he shows it off, he goes, what's a trouser snake?
SSJ100 Matt says Polka Band, and Dark Knight says, I gotta have cowbells?
If there's a Polka Band, it's gotta be Weird Al.
I think I was telling you about this the other day, that our friend was, while she was highly
intoxicated, by the way, walking around with a cup and a pencil playing cowbell.
That's great.
So as a long time, because I know you've been a long time fan of Konami's Bimani series
and DDR and all that stuff, and I know that's how you kind of first came to our station.
What do you think Konami could do to kind of step it up and give Harmonix a little competition?
Well, actually bring over more of the Bimani games and fine-tune it more for American audiences
instead of- Did we lose him?
Hello?
Oh, I'm right here.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Fine-tune it for American audiences instead of-
Instead of putting in rehashes of some of the Japanese songs, like with DDR.
Since I enjoy DDR, I would like to see more American songs in the game.
That's just me personally, but I know a lot of the die-hard to leave it the way it is.
Have you heard about that new Konami Bimani game?
It looks like it's Ju-Beat, but it's pronounced differently.
I think it's U-Beat.
Yeah, U-Beat.
Have you heard about U-Beat?
No, I have not.
It's a new Bimani game that's coming out over there.
It was just location tested a couple weeks ago, and it looks like it uses 16 monitors
as the buttons.
I don't know.
It looked like a funky version of Whac-A-Mole to me.
Yeah.
Isn't that kind of what it looked like?
It was like Whac-A-Mole to music.
It's like a touch screen or something.
That might be kind of interesting.
That would be freaking awesome.
Except how can you play that on a home console?
So it's something that's only going to be in arcades, if anything.
Pretty much.
One of the things I've noticed is that when me and my roommate, when we play Guitar Hero,
it's like, eh, eh, we have to trade off controllers back and forth.
There's just more than one person here.
I mean with Rock Band, my friend brought it up, it was like for the Christmas party, it
was like the ultimate party game.
You have a lot of people, you got WarioWare, you got the Mario parties, but you break out
Rock Band, everybody will just show up and you start playing, you're switching off controllers
back and forth.
You're just getting together, having a good time, and well, when we have Rock Band, we
called it Rockstar because right on the other side of the room, we have all the alcohols,
all the mixers all set up, so we were definitely having fun with it.
I'm sorry, I'm just looking at the chat room and of course Dark Tetsuya's got to go and
be smart and says a DS version would work for U-Beat.
Anyhow, Rama, I got to let you go, wrap up the show here, any quick final thoughts?
Two quick things.
My game of the year was Legend of Zelda, Phantom Hourglass, and worst game of the year, Role
vs. SmackDown 08.
Why those two?
For me to get into a game, you have to take my full attention.
Any game that can help me kill a 45-minute train ride from homework vice versa is definitely
up in my book, and Phantom Hourglass was one of the few DS games that were able to have
me do that.
As for Role vs. SmackDown 08, I'm an average wrestling fan, I just didn't like the fact
that they took so much out of the Wii version compared to the other versions of the game.
Basically, the Wii got the gimped version of the game.
That's why it gets worst game of the year.
I just had to ask because you're one of the two people who didn't say Yaris, so I just
had to ask.
I don't have a 360 yet.
Ah, there you go.
All right, well, DJ Rama asks, we got to let you go, but thank you so much for calling
us always.
Take care.
All right, you too.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
That's going to do it for calls tonight.
We've had a lot of very long calls tonight, but that's all right.
We heard we had some callers we haven't heard from in a while, callers we hear from regularly,
Rama, and a caller from overseas that we never heard from before who stayed up very, very,
very late to listen to our program.
It's quarter to six over there, right?
We ought to let him go to bed, so we probably should wrap things up.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
And Dark Sakura, we'll start with you, your final thought.
Bye.
My final thought is I'm going to get a bug lamp for this room and every time it goes
bzzt, I'm going to laugh.
Loki.
Big rigs over the road racing is really, really, really bad.
All right.
I'll take your word for it because I am not going to play it, although not as bad as I
thought I would be.
All right.
I think there's some where those Wii conspiracy games are even worse.
Thank you guys very much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting and independent
radio.
We appreciate it.
We would be nowhere without you guys and your word of mouth.
So if you like what you've heard, please tell two people about our show, spread the word
about Orange Launch Radio.
If you tell two people, then slowly we'll take over the world because we don't have
any magazines or websites to get million views a month that we can advertise on.
We literally broadcast out of my garage.
So it's independent radio at its finest.
If you don't feel so inclined to tell people, you can always leave us a nice review on iTunes
or Digg or Yahoo podcasts or any of those sites because that works too.
Anyhow, thank you guys so much for tuning in this week.
Next week we will be back and we'll have more gaming news and more stuff to come in the
year 2008.
Hopefully some surprises here on the program.
I was trying to book some guests for the upcoming shows.
So hopefully we'll have some of those in the next few weeks.
So more to come.
Until then, I'm Rob Roberts.
She's Dark Sakura.
He's Loki.
And we're out.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
