Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco!
Tonight, January 13th, 2008, some PlayStation 3 models have discontinued in Japan.
The worlds of Soulcalibur and Star Wars collide, and could Resident Evil be returning to arcades?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game show on the internet dedicated of course to video games, video gaming, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Our show's very own Bionic Woman.
Hi.
Who hearts pirates according to her shirt, or I guess not heart, but she skulls pirates.
I have skulls pirates.
So that means you collect their skulls?
Yes.
Like shrunken heads?
Like PVP and Ragnarok, yo.
That means skull fuck.
And of course the other voice you hear over there, the ever giggly tech master Loki.
Sorry, I was watching Crysis YouTube videos.
I see.
Because you have to understand Rob, I've explained a little bit the draw of this game and how I get distracted by the wildlife that's in it.
Well, there's chickens and there's also the sandbox editor, so this guy spotted a ton of chickens and vehicles and blowing them up and that's hilarious. I don't know.
Killing chickens has been funny ever since like the Legend of Zelda on Super Nintendo.
You didn't kill them though. They just, you picked them up and carried them and threw them and smacked them and then they got revenge.
That's right.
Sweet, sweet chicken-y vengeance.
These chickens do not get revenge. They simply die.
Can we eat them?
Yeah, that was my next question. Can you eat them?
No.
No fun.
All right, well anyway, it's just the three of us tonight. We haven't had a guest in a long time. I think everybody locally hates our show suddenly.
Doesn't want to come visit anymore.
They're listening to us.
There's some that are listening. No.
We'll get some more. I think the rain and the weather lately has been keeping people indoors and of course there was like the holidays.
You know, who wants to come do a show on Christmas, right?
But anyhow, hopefully we'll have some more familiar faces and new faces as well.
I've been talking to somebody locally that's going to come on a future show. I'll give you more details about that in the future, but I'm very excited about it.
It's somebody I found on YouTube. That's all I'll say. Who happens to live here locally is going to come on the show.
So I'm very excited. I'll give you guys more details. This is the first that Jamie and Loki have even heard of this, but I'll give you guys more details later.
Person on YouTube. That could be anyone on the face of the earth.
That could be. I mean, it's a wonderful place.
But anyway, we have that and then hopefully some more phone interviews I'm trying to plan, but of course it's kind of a dull period right now.
There's not a lot of games coming out. I think there's a few. Of course there's Burnout coming out pretty soon and some other stuff, but otherwise kind of a slow period for games.
But that doesn't mean the news has stopped, and we will get to the news right after we talk about our gaming week.
StarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Well, I've been fiddling with my Ninja Pass trying to get it to work.
I now have Cooking Mama in the collection in the purse to play because I'm going to actually start taking my breaks at work again and to hell with my production.
And I rebirthed two characters this week in Ragnarok and got one of them back to her second job level in a day.
Now, I didn't know what rebirth was. You had to explain it to me on Instant Messenger the other night, and the best thing I could come up with is that it's like New Game Plus.
Yeah, sort of. I mean, you have to start over and you have 200 skill points for your, well, just to allocate to what you want to allocate them to.
But you have to start over for all your skills and all of your, you know, the rest of your stat points.
But actually, it's kind of funny because I thought that, you know, when you rebirth your character, it's supposed to be slower to level them, but it's actually been kind of faster.
I've been really amazed, so, oh well.
I wish Warcraft had a New Game Plus.
Yeah, you get to 70. Ha ha, you're stuck.
I'm like, hey, I'm at 99. Let's do the Time Warp again.
It's just to jump to the left.
No, but, well, the thing about WoW is that there's a lot of, and very similar like Final Fantasy XI and some other MMOs I've played, a lot of the games are like half the experience of leveling and then half is endgame content.
Like, there's just, there is a lot of shit to do when you're 70.
You find a pond, you get experience.
PvP.
You find a rock, you get experience.
You don't get experience for discoveries at level 70 because there is no more experience.
Well, no, but I mean, for other stuff, when you're getting there, it's like, you, you, it's like, what was that, Eddie, is your thing, you have crossed the road, champagne!
That's kind of what it is, exactly.
But it's kind of cool because sometimes you gain levels when exploring.
I think I hit like level, one of the higher ones, like 68 or 69 exploring, and it was like vroom, new level.
Well, right now I'm, we actually have rebuilt my computer, sort of, and I'm, right now, though, it doesn't, I brought a DVI to VGA converter.
Thing is the DVI side doesn't fit.
It's, I guess, completely different.
So we put in, we're just using the one, the graphics card that came in the system.
This is the one that Vandalus gave me.
Oh, nice.
Yes, before he left us.
But I, what we were going to do, we were going to put it in a different case so that I could add more stuff to it and use one of our newer cards so that I could use the other monitor.
And it works just fine with the graphics card that was in it.
And it's actually a pretty decent graphics card, but I want something that's going to be a little bit better before I hop back on Guild Wars because I am going to be going back to Guild Wars about once a week.
Sokka.
Hey.
I'm just kidding.
Guild Wars was kind of fun.
You got your account, man, as well, right?
Exactly, I know.
That's the one thing I always liked about Guild Wars is, like, it's always there for you to come back to, you know?
You bought the game.
There's no monthly fee or anything.
It's always there to come back.
Speaking of no monthly fees, you might enjoy this Dark Sakura, so I'm going to bring this up now.
I was talking to Dark Knight before the show a little bit in private message, and apparently, Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst is now free.
I know.
Until the server's shut down on March 31st.
I know.
So are you considering going back to have a last hurrah with Blue Burst?
I talked about it with Rama last night.
Ah.
And the thing is that about a month ago, I uninstalled it.
Doh.
Doh.
Um, so I'm still kind of thinking about reinstalling it, and Julie said she might play, but she's all PSU addicted, so...
Seriously, every time I log on to my 360 station, she's on.
She's playing PSU.
She was on Lost Planet the other night.
That's right.
I did see her on a different game, and I actually had to look for a minute, like, who's playing Lost Planet?
And I was like, oh, it's Julie.
Wait, Julie?
Julie's playing Lost Planet?
Yeah, she hung out with us today.
We went to breakfast, and we were going to start moving stuff into the other case.
And it just turned out that we looked for the converter instead, but it's not the right one.
She actually bought it for me.
I thought I was really nice of her, because it was only, like, ten bucks.
And then Dan ran into one of his old buddies at Fry's who used his discount, and Dan used his gift card, and ended up getting one of those new PS3 remotes for twelve bucks.
So that was pretty cool.
Very cool.
They watched Ratatouille again, which is one of Dan's presents.
Aw.
I got him Ratatouille on Blu-ray.
And I'm very upset that Stardust is not on Blu-ray.
Well, who knows?
It may come out later this year if all the support for HD DVD kind of finishes.
Everybody's kind of jumping ship.
Yeah, well, I think it's still kind of up there, you know.
But there's a few things that coming up in Part B makes me a little bit upset.
And yes, I did make Jamie watch Stardust on HD DVD.
It was very good.
It was.
I heart that movie.
Did you like the new icon?
Yes, I did.
It was very nice.
I made an icon from my LiveJournal of Lamia, which her name cracked me up the whole time.
You know what?
In Greek mythology, Lamia was the Queen of Libya who was turned into a child-killing demon.
So I thought it was very funny that they named her that.
Hot.
They should make a video game out of Stardust.
Every time I watch Stardust, I want to go play Oblivion.
I do.
I don't know what it is.
It's the whole, like, swords and magic.
You know, music is very Oblivion-ish.
You can get it in the chat room, but I made an icon of her holding her finger up with
it glowing green.
This has pulled my finger.
Hilarious.
I know.
I'm very proud of it.
All right.
It took, like, five seconds.
Shall we move on with our gaming weeks?
Why not?
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I tried out that game I bought, Drawn to Life.
It's horrible.
I hate.
You know, I was still looking for it.
Sorry to hear it.
I was still looking forward to that game, and it's just, it's all, yay.
I spent, like, you know, 30 minutes drawing a character and stuff.
Then I played the game, like, wow, this game sucks, even though my character is in it,
which is horribly animated, by the way, but it still sucks.
I don't know.
Not Magic Pen Gel-ish.
I was going to say, not nearly as fun as The Walking Penises Magic Pen Gel.
No, no.
That game is way better.
Then I played some more Crysis.
Actually I'm about to finish it, but that's where the game starts to really, really suck.
Apparently, I don't know, somewhere along the line of making the game, they decided
not to test the last level very much, and it has hundreds of fucking bugs and glitches
in it that make it almost impossible to play, and actually I have been unable to beat the
game because of these glitches.
You know, for example, there's a bunch of these doors you have to knock down using your
strength mode or whatever, and so when you start doing that, a lot of times they won't
actually be able to be knocked down.
They'll get stuck.
And then some other times, you know, for example, one of the commanders or whatever, there's
supposed to be an event that triggers where he dies, the captain, and it doesn't happen.
Instead you see him standing there with arms spread and a gun in his hand, and that's it.
He's just frozen, and nothing ever happens.
So you have to constantly restart the game, and it's just horrible.
It's like, if that level was the first level, I probably wouldn't be playing the game at
all because it was just that bad.
And even now, I've tried playing it through about ten different times, starting on saves
that were way before that to play up through it, see if maybe, you know, something will
work this time, but it doesn't.
And I'm about fed up with it.
However, I still like the game because you can blow up chickens, among other things.
See, I got this weapon at the very end of the game.
It's like a portable nuke launcher, so I mean, why did they have it at the beginning of the
game?
Because I would have loved to blow up chickens with that.
It would have been fun.
You have to work towards it.
I know.
You have to earn it.
Or I have to cheat really bad.
You need a chicken cannon.
And then, let's see, what else did I play?
I think that's about it.
It's just Saints Row, a little bit of Earth Defense Force still plugging away at that
game.
Alright, well, my gaming week was pretty much most of the same old shit.
Some Wii Virtual Console stuff, Galaxy, Warcraft, you know, there's not a lot of new games coming
out and I haven't revisited anything from 2007 yet.
So really, the only new stuff I played were the new Xbox Live Arcade releases for the
week, one of which was Tron, which is of course one of the all-time greatest arcade games
ever.
You know, Tron was slightly better when I was a kid than it is now.
You know what you need is the booth.
The game's not quite as cool now, but it's still got a lot of nostalgia for me.
I don't know if a lot of people are going to be into this.
Basically if you've never played Tron, the arcade game, it's basically four mini games
in one.
There's a lot of games in this period that were similar to it because honestly, the setup
of the Tron arcade game is almost exactly like Journey the arcade game, which is also
made up of four mini games.
But basically what you do in Tron, you know, there's one level that's based off the light
cycles and there's another where you're trying to enter the cone.
You've probably seen the pictures of that before.
And basically once you beat each of the four mini games, you get to do it all over again!
Yay!
Well, the addition of Xbox Live co-op is kind of cool, getting to play a two-player game
experience.
Five dollars though is probably a good price because I don't think Tron in this day and
age is worth too much more.
I'm sure Discs of Tron will be coming out soon as well.
That of course was the other arcade game based off of Tron.
That'll be kind of cool.
Discs of Tron was very interesting.
I will put this, Tron, the demo is very generous.
The Tron demo is one full cycle of the four stages, so you can pretty much get to play
the entire game.
It's just that when you actually play the full arcade game, the stages get more and
more difficult each time.
The demo will give you a really good idea of what the game is all about.
Other than Tron, the other new game on Xbox Live this week was Omega 5, this new shooting
game that's out on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I'll tell you what, I kind of did a double take when I was playing the game because I'm
like, is this a PlayStation 2 game or an Xbox game?
And I'm not saying that to knock the graphics, because the graphics are actually pretty cool,
but this is not the type of game I'm used to seeing on the Xbox.
It's a shooter-rific game that I really would have thought would have been on the PlayStation
2, but it's in HD and widescreen.
I would say Omega 5 is a pleasant surprise if you're especially a fan of shooting games.
You know, lots of bullets everywhere.
That's always fun.
Basically you can pick up these, you can upgrade your weapon in three different styles by picking
up these different power-ups and you can have lasers or spreading bullets and things of
that sort.
And so it's certainly much better than the Aegis Wing or whatever that other one was
that you know?
Yeah, but at least Aegis Wing was free.
I mean, I'll give it that.
Omega 5 is ten bucks, but it definitely reminds me of a Hay Day arcade Japanese-influenced
shooter, so definitely check it out.
The demo on that one is not bad either.
You get to play like half the first level, so you don't get to really do any boss fights.
You do one mini-boss fight.
But it's pretty cool.
And of course there's always our chatroom, chat.orangelaungeradio.com and rostielut, quite
the smartass in our chatroom, the official smartass of Orange Lounge Radio in some shapes
and ways.
No, I'm kidding.
He says, not used to shooters on the Xbox.
You know what I mean.
I'm not talking about first-person shooters.
I'm talking about, you know, UN Squadron, Gradius-type shooters, you know?
This is kind of cool, though, because we know Ikaruga's on the way at some point, too, and
some of these other old shooter classics are going to be rediscovered on the Xbox.
So there you have it.
So that's really going to do it for our gaming week.
So now we're going to move on into some housekeeping, of which we don't have a whole lot to share.
I do want to state that the overhaul of the music on the live station is finished.
So if you were feeling there's not enough of the old-school classics and music from
video games and such, you're going to love the new rotation.
It's tons and tons of music from various video games.
We wanted to avoid the temptation of just dumping MP3s upon MP3s in there and just tried
to pick out songs that were a little more upbeat, radio-friendly, and the types of things
that you'd hear on the radio that will still remind you of the classics.
So check it out.
Give us your feedback in our forums at orangelaunchradio.com.
And one other thing is that there's a new show.
It's not a live show or a hosted show.
It's just a music show, but it airs every day from noon to 1230.
That's every day, Monday through Sunday, so every day.
It's the retro lunch, so it's nothing but 8-bit classic songs playing for a half hour.
Just a little bit.
Don't overdo it.
But for your lunch break every day, some 8-bit classics.
So check that out.
Yep, lots of fun.
And some of our chatters actually have made a little bit of a game out of it where they
will listen and then they'll close the window that shows them what's playing on the station
right now and try to guess.
I used to do that.
Yeah.
It's fun.
It's fun.
So check that out.
All right.
Anyhow, now there is something else very important during the housekeeping we need to take care
of.
It has nothing to do with the real bulk of the gaming news we want to get into, but everybody
everywhere wants to know, how far are we to one million copies of Eye of Judgment?
We asked this question last week and Loki said, I don't know the number.
So but this week we have an idea of how Eye of Judgment is doing.
Do we not?
Yes.
So now we have an actual place we can look to see how Eye of Judgment is doing thanks
to VGcharts.com and apparently you guys are up to.15 million copies to be exact actually
because that's just an estimate, 132,199 copies sold so far.
All right.
So how many does that mean we have left to go?
About 870,000.
Yeah.
All right.
Get to work.
For those that are new to the show, Loki made a bet here on this program that if Eye of
Judgment could, if Eye of Judgment was actually, because he says Eye of Judgment is a piece
of shit, we call it the brown Eye of Judgment here on this program, and Loki says there's
no way in hell this game will ever sell one million copies and if it does, he will don
a tingle outfit and set an Eye of Judgment on fire while playing our good friend Bobby
Blackwolf in a match of the Eye of Judgment, which by the way, Bobby knows about the bet.
I heard it on his show.
Oh, my own sake, it is actually 150,000.
150 million?
Oh shit.
We've got to go to Hancock's Fabrics.
No, I don't think so.
150 million, that'd be unheard of.
Anyways, no, it's 150,000 copies.
I didn't realize the 132,199 is just US, which is pretty impressive actually that the US
has actually sold that many copies.
Japan, not so much.
In fact, they're only up to 19,384, so no love in Japan for that stuff, but the US keeps
on chugging.
Now, is the game out in Europe yet?
The game's not even out in Europe yet, is it?
Because I didn't see Europe sales figures when I was looking at that site.
According to this, that's not Europe though, let me see.
I don't think so.
No, it's not out in Europe yet.
So Europe, you're going to need to pull through for us.
Alright, SSJ100Matt is in our chat room and is sharing an article courtesy of CheapAssGamer.
If you were holding off on getting Eye of Judgment, it's now $45 on Amazon apparently,
so there you go.
You can buy it cheap.
I posted a link in the chat room where you can play along at home and we'll probably
post it in a thread or something in our forums so that you can watch the count.
So we don't have to do the Eye of Judgment watch every show?
No, we can do it every month or so.
Maybe when it crosses milestones, when we get to 200,000 we'll mention it again, a quarter
million, then probably it'll die off after that, but who knows, if we keep going.
I haven't thought about how generous I should be at this, but I don't know, because there's
other stories we're getting into.
That's right.
Shall we get into these stories?
We shall get into these stories.
So the Eye of Judgment actually is going to be getting some more expansions for it.
Some more cards.
In fact, there's two of them.
Let's see, the Machine God's Mutiny will be available to download on March 27th and there's
also a third expansion, which I don't remember the name, that will also be coming out in
the summer.
They said downloads, though.
That's not really new cards, though.
I would think that you would need to buy new cards or something.
So how does this affect the bet?
I don't think it affects anything, because it's not actually selling anything.
Download content does not count.
But if for some reason, let's clarify this now, if for some reason there is an Eye of
Judgment thing that comes to retail, would we count these retail copies?
If there's an expansion disc that comes, you know, including cards, obviously, because
I would have to do that, then yes, we will count those.
But right now, and that's even kind of being a little generous, because seriously, I mean,
I don't know.
I think you want to wear that tingle outfit a little bit.
I don't want to wear the outfit, but to be honest, it'll never happen.
It will never sell one million units.
Ever.
Ever.
Even with expansions that are retail.
Retail expansions.
But download expansions, we couldn't really track anyway.
Exactly.
Tony doesn't release those numbers.
I'm not counting like fucking booster packs and shit like that, because that's just stuff
that we can't track.
All right.
You know, seriously, just if it's going to be sold like, you know, Warhawk or something
like that, where it's download content, and it's also, you know, sold as a retail disc,
then yeah, we'll count that.
But if it's like a fucking, you know, booster pack or some shit that they come out later
on, no, I'm sorry, that does not count.
Because they'll come out with one million booster packs.
Well no, it's not, because people can buy tons of booster packs to get the cars that
they want, but, you know, that doesn't really, that doesn't count.
That's stupid.
That's cheating.
That's not really a game.
We don't count, you know, the download content.
All right, well at least we have the bet clarified.
You have been awfully generous, because originally the bet was only supposed to cover US sales,
but you were awfully generous in expanding that to international sales.
Yeah, and also it was supposed to be within the first six months, and then now it's for
eternity, so.
All right, and SSJ100Matt says, I think Loki wants to wear it so we can put the obsession
behind us.
That might be a good point.
No.
Just to let this joke die.
No, I'm not wearing it.
All right.
I'm very confident.
If you do, it's all people will talk about for the next six months.
I am very confident that this will never sell a million units, because it's the stupidest
thing I've ever seen, until they come out with something else that's even more retarded,
but right now it's pretty retarded.
All right.
Do you, now a good point brought up in chat here, Portal Combat says, Loki is secretly
buying Eye of Judgment.
Do you yourself, sir, own a copy of Eye of Judgment?
Why?
I don't play card games, and no.
That's a no.
Just say no.
For half a second one time, because I have like $200 worth of GameStop credit, I was
like, hey, I could buy that Eye of Judgment, and then we converted it on the show anyways,
but I'm like, nah.
I'm not doing that.
You could just use your credit and get something good.
Why waste it?
Darkknight is in chat, DJ Darkknight says, get Loki's wife involved and he'll don the
suit.
She's not going to make me dress up.
That's stupid.
All right, let's move on.
Let's put this obsession behind us, shall we?
And talking about the PlayStation 3 a little more, Sony of Japan is going to discontinue
certain models of the PlayStation 3.
That would be the 20 gigabyte and 60 gigabyte models, and that's going to be discontinued
after one last shipment at the end of this month.
Sony will instead be focusing on the 40 gigabyte model.
The 40 gigabyte model, of course, is 40 gigabytes, whereas the other one was a little smaller
and a little larger.
But the other big change, oh yeah, it lacks the PlayStation 2 compatibility, which obviously
makes it a lot cheaper to produce.
So that's where they're headed in Japan.
Obviously similar things have happened here in America where we have also lost the backwards
compatibility.
In Europe, well, shit, they never really had it.
But at least our main model is 80 gigabytes.
Of course, what I'm going to put on that PlayStation 3 on all that hard drive space, I'm not quite
sure yet.
Porn.
I guess porn.
I got a new hard drive this week, actually.
Like you, I have one of those little external drives now, because that's kind of the rage
right now, those external, like, what are they called?
The gigabooks or something?
I don't know what the hell they're called.
Travel books or whatever.
Well, William had one from his work he wasn't even using, and he's moving right now, and
he's like, you want this?
I'm like, sweet, porn drive!
Yoink.
I used mine when my computer was starting to die, when my Vio was, the Franken-Vio,
I should call it, was about to go.
So it's good for backing up stuff.
Yeah.
And porn.
I mean, I use it now as my primary storage.
For porn.
For Doctor Who episodes.
By the way, on YouTube, okay, here's how bored I was on YouTube the other night.
Like, I ended up watching an episode of The Weakest Link that had a bunch of Doctor Who
people on it.
It was like a Doctor Who special.
Oh, I want to see that one!
I've watched some of it.
It's all on YouTube.
Because, yeah, it was all of the people from the second season, I think.
Yeah, I want to see that.
Hey, Jamie.
Games.
Whatever.
Well, hey, guess who they're getting in Japan?
I could be a lot of things.
What?
They're getting a mint green PSP to come out on February 28th.
Like, they need another color for a video game system.
Why mint green?
Well, look at the DS.
It works for the DS.
Why not the PSP?
I guess so.
Maybe they're having, you know, I guess color envious.
Why mint green of all colors?
I don't know.
Why not, you know, pink and red for Valentine's Day?
They made a Sakura one.
Well, a Sakura PS2 that I wanted that was metallic purple, and I was like, Cherry Blossom's
pink.
Why did you make it pink?
No, it's metallic purple.
Okay, fine.
I just wanted it for the name.
Maybe there was a surplus of purple paint in the Sony factory, and maybe that's what
it is.
The Sony factory, they have certain excess paint supplies.
They have some green left and they have some white left, and it's like, screw it, mix it,
paint some PSPs.
All right.
We'll call it mint green.
And call it run out of color green.
You should put it out in, like, Ireland.
Mint green, like an Olive Garden mint, which, by the way, made good on the promise.
We did.
We went to Olive Garden, and I had, what did I have, Seafood Alfredo.
Yes, and lots of never-ending breadsticks.
I know, and that really good meatball soup.
Yes, anyway, sorry.
Games, right?
Games.
Yeah.
So anyways, remember last week we talked a little bit about Skype and how it was coming
to the PSP, but only the PSP Slim.
Well, people were wondering why not the original PSP.
What the hell?
The reason was because the PSP Slim, not only is it a little bit slimmer, it does have more
RAM in it.
So, being that it has twice the RAM, 64 megs instead of 32, is the only system able to
handle Skype, apparently.
Not to say that there won't be anything homebrew coming out that's basically the same thing
as Skype.
I don't know of one that they're working on right now, so, oh well, no Skype for you.
Still kind of blows for all of us who have the old PSP models.
Yeah, it does suck, but they don't really care.
But then again, who am I really going to call on Skype?
I mean, obviously there's this show, but I'm on the show, so I don't have to call it.
It's just very inconvenient anyways, I mean seriously, you have to have, I think you have
to buy Skype for this, I don't know if it's going to be free, it may be free to use, but
I think you have to buy the software for it.
And then, once you've done that, you have to have a Wi-Fi spot and stuff, it's just
like, shit, once you've already got all that stuff, might as well just use your computer
to do it.
Or just fucking call them on the phone.
Yeah, but you know, I'm hearing from more and more people who are interacting with this
program on a PSP.
So you know, PSPs are basically becoming little mini computers that you have in your pocket.
You know, people take their PSP to Starbucks and they'll be sipping on a coffee, studying
for math class or something, and listening to our show, so that's kind of crazy.
So PSPs are kind of mini computers at this point.
PlayStation 3, not sure if those are computers or not.
Nobody ever really clarified if it really was supposed to be a computer or not, but
one thing that is...
It is if by calling it a computer it makes it sell more.
There is one thing that is being confirmed for the PlayStation 3 is that the cross-media
bar functionality is going to be going into the games itself.
Now obviously the cross-media bar is right now only available on the main menu, and I
believe some games that have come out have added the cross-media bar feature into the
game, but that was something that the developers had to do.
There was nothing system-wide on the system firmware that allowed the cross-media bar
to show up within a game.
And of course this means that if that happens, you'll finally get custom soundtracks in every
game, you'll have the instant messaging available in the games, and all these other things that
the Xbox 360 has been doing ever since its launch.
Sorry I couldn't help myself, but it is true.
Anyhow, Sony will be hopefully announcing the launch date of when this will happen soon.
However there was no news at CES, they instead decided to kind of focus on the hardware sales
or hardware, new hardware additions such as Skype.
Soon is the magic word, isn't it?
Of course.
Well, there is a little confirmation that it should make some people happy, and that
is about LittleBigPlanet.
It will be out in September, at least that's what Sony's saying, but you know, it's September
and not September X date, it's September, which is some time.
And all this news came out of a Consumer Electronics Show, right?
Yes.
It changed because Consumer Electronics Show, it seems like we're getting slightly more
gaming news out of CES this year, I use that word slightly, because usually CES is not
for games.
It's not a game show, it's a kitchenware, and 150,000 foot TVs, and all the George Foreman
grilling machines.
And robots to waltz with.
Yes exactly, and all that stuff, that's what you see at Consumer Electronics Show, you
don't see a lot of games.
But I feel like this year, at least in the Sony department, we've gotten a little bit
more gaming news.
I'm not saying we never got gaming news out of CES, but I feel like we got a little more
this year, and I don't know if that's because E3 is much later than it used to be, or what
the heck that's about, but I just thought that was interesting.
I'm not reading too much into that, I just thought it was interesting, that's all.
And then freakin' Slash coming out and advertising Guitar Hero 3 at the Microsoft Keynote, I
mean that was kind of interesting.
The thing is, I think it's kind of disappointing that LittleBigPlant is coming out in September,
I mean wasn't this a game that they promised us we'd have last fall?
And now it's like, oh I'm sorry.
Another Sony delay?
You don't say.
I know, it's crazy.
And just like Home, when the fuck's Home coming out, seriously, they keep advertising this
shit on their commercials and stuff, like all these games like Haze, Metal Gear Solid
4, all these games that are out now, Gran Turismo Prologue, fuck, none of these games
are out yet, and they're already advertising them saying, oh yeah, buy Playstation 3, good
stuff will be coming someday.
I would rather they take the time and do it right than rush the product.
That's the problem though, even though they take their time on getting the product out,
it's still just average.
They can delay it all they want, it'll still be kind of eh.
I agree to an extent, I agree that they should take the time to get it right, but I think
they should never have launched the damn console when they did, I think they should have just
sat on it for a year and took the time to get that right, if that makes sense.
Well it's just like LittleBigPlanet, granted it's something that's pretty ambitious, but
don't fucking show this shit off like, oh it's coming out this fall, get everybody excited,
And then, oh, sorry, it's not coming out this fall, it's coming out this spring, or, okay,
great, spring comes along, oh, I'm sorry, it's not coming out in spring, it's coming
out in September.
You know, it's...
Okay.
You can do them forever.
And Akuta in our chat room at chat.ornisontisradio.com brings up a good point.
Wasn't Super Smash Brothers Brawl supposed to be out, like, last year?
So is Sony the only bad guys here?
No, they're not.
And, you know, Nintendo's just as guilty for doing that kind of stuff.
Hyping up a game, you know, that's supposed to be coming out at some point, and then ends
up getting delayed and delayed and delayed and delayed and...
And basically you all ruined Christmas.
But here's the thing, though.
Even still, so that they delay that one game, though, there's still other stuff coming out
that's good.
Whereas, you know, the PlayStation 3, a lot of their stuff is being delayed, and it's
not just one game, because one game, big deal, okay, so that gets delayed.
It's a lot of games being delayed, and it's consistent.
So that's the only thing that sucks.
And for anyone that just owns a PlayStation 3, you know, I'd be kind of disappointed.
I'd be pissed off if I owned just a PlayStation 3, because, you know, all these good games
come out for the 360, and then I have to wait months for the same thing to come out on the
PS3.
I don't know.
It's kind of unfair.
All right, well what else is Sony teasing for us?
Resistance Fall of Man 2, which quite possibly would be, I don't know, one of the best games
on the system.
I know Resistance, the first one, was actually pretty fun, one of my favorite games on the
system, one of the few that I still own, because I love it so much.
Well this one, though, they're saying is going to have 60 player online death matches, which
is fucking crazy, eight player co-op, and two campaigns, one which is supposed to be
an online campaign, I believe, and the other is just, you know, standard single player
campaign.
60 player multiplayer matches, god I hope it's not like Halo where they all have a microphone.
Well from what I remember, I think Resistance right now has 48 player multiplayer death
matches.
So, you know, it's not so bad, and you have to remember though, not each one of these
PlayStation 3 consoles ships with a microphone, you have to buy that, you know, separately.
That's good.
So, they should make a new shooting game called The Right to Speak, and basically players
shoot each other to earn the right to speak into the microphone.
That would be funny, that should be just a mode in the game.
And there should be something where like if somebody is completely being a jerk, then
like everybody can like target that person and, you know, obliterate them to smithereens
and they lose the right to speak.
I like it.
Patent pending, that means I own all the rights to it, and if you try to put this in your
game, I'll sue you for a million dollars.
If you want more information though on Resistance 2, it's supposed to be in the new issue of
Game Informer.
Alrighty.
Well, the PSP we were talking about a little bit earlier, how it's becoming more and more
like a computer.
Well, there's one thing the PSP is sorely lacking, and that is a keyboard for now.
That's right, there is a PSP apparently.
It's something that Sony is actually developing themselves, first party.
It is, you know, consider it a rumor for right now, but it was something that GameSpot reported
on, so who knows.
It's supposed to arrive in the middle of 2009.
It's fucking lame.
It's a long ways out.
No, seriously, it's lame.
Homebrew has already had, you know, keyboard support for a long time.
It has a damn IR port on it, so you can use keyboards that are meant for PDAs.
Why the hell is it going to take them so long to develop a USB keyboard?
I mean, seriously, it's not that hard.
It's a keyboard.
You know why?
It's probably something that they want, it's a time thing.
They want to put it out in 2009 for a reason.
They're going to add something that you're going to want to have this keyboard for in
2009.
Hey, look, now you don't.
Like AOL Instant Messenger on your PSP or some shit.
Ah, lame.
It's a time thing.
Just you wait.
It's still lame.
You can still put the keyboard out and then put that service out later.
Why wait?
Because then, if you wait, then you put this thing out, nobody buys it because there's
nothing to use it for, so retailers go, why the fuck are we carrying this in the first
place?
Put it in the bargain bins and nobody ever has them.
I still think it's stupid.
It's not going to sell anyways if it's AIM.
That's stupid.
It's kind of like, you know what?
I would almost blame that's what happened with the GameCube, the internet thing on the
GameCube.
What do they call it?
The broadband adapter and the dial-up adapter.
There was one game out that supported it, and it wasn't the type of game that everybody
could get into at the time.
So where did those things end up?
In the bargain bins, developers go, we don't want to develop for this because none of them
are out there.
It was kind of like a damning cycle.
What should have happened is that at that time, Nintendo should have come out and said,
we're going to put a first-party game out that supports this, like F-Zero.
F-Zero is going to support the, you know, how awesome would an F-Zero GX have been if
it supported the broadband or dial-up adapter?
Like a completely different kind of game than PSO, right?
I can't see Nintendo putting an online game.
I know.
I'm just saying, they could have probably done a better job at it if they wanted to.
I don't know.
I think it's stupid to have to wait for this shit.
Well, look at what they're doing with the new Nintendo Wii and kind of really kicking
off that.
I mean, sure, there's a couple games here and there that support it, but not really
a game with the push that the new Mario Kart and the Wii is going to have for the online
thing.
I just can't imagine that it would take them a year and a half to develop AOL Instant Messenger
for the PSP.
They've already got Java stuff that works for it, I mean, it works on cell phones.
What the hell's taken them so long?
I mean, seriously, this system's been out for a few years now.
I don't understand why there would be these two-year delays for this shit.
They're playing Eye of Judgment.
Yeah, they're too busy playing Eye of Judgment, exactly.
Well, this is a happy rumor, although, you know, it's also said that we might be getting
Parappa 2, but, you know, hey, they're talking about putting Vibribin out for the European
PSN.
I think that's pretty cool, although, you know, they also, like I said, mentioned Parappa
as well, but has that happened?
No.
So, but hey, Vibribin's great for anyone who lives in a barrel and doesn't know what Vibribin
is.
It's a vector-animated game that has a little rabbit that changes into different stuff.
I have some mood-setting music.
Okay.
It had, I think, like eight tracks or something, this is one of them built into the game.
And the little rabbit sings the tutorial on how to play the game, which is hilarious.
And the way that you play the game is you, you know, you start the game and you can actually
put in your own CDs.
And we tried to do it to, what did we call it?
TDR music, like Max 300 and stuff.
Yeah, we tried to do it to, what did we call it, oh, the Kiriyama Oka song from B-Mania,
yeah.
We tried to do it to that, and we tried to do it to Max 300, and we tried to pick as
many fast and retarded stuff as we could, and did it end up being, like, some Polteri
song that was really hard instead?
I think it was colors.
The algorithm for determining the levels wasn't exactly the smartest thing in the world, you
know, designing your own levels with your own music.
But it was kind of cool, nevertheless.
And it would give you different patterns to go on based on the music that you put in it.
It was pretty cool.
And it was different every time, so the game was consistently challenging.
And I hope it comes out.
I want it over here, though.
GS68 has a brilliant idea.
You can play that game with Dragon Force now.
You know what I could do?
What?
I could do that, because I have VibRibbon.
I saw a copy of VibRibbon sitting at Network Video, may you rest in peace.
That's what we need to do for our little piece.
I still want to put together a piece of video game music made better by Dragon Force, so
we need to make that happen with VibRibbon.
So you need to dust off your copy, because we're going to be doing that.
I found it.
Good.
I found my copy.
Get that ready.
More like Dance Factory.
I picked up VibRibbon for 40 bucks, and I got an original, and I've never regretted
it.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Even if it came out on PlayStation 3 downloadable, would you still get it?
Probably.
Alright.
Sucka.
Although, I could just pop it in my PS2.
This is the whole reason we haven't downloaded Super Metroid yet, because we found the cartridge
and our Super Nintendo, so we're like, hey, let's just play the real thing, okay?
Alright.
Let's move on talking about some release dates of stuff, not online, but stuff you can actually
walk into a store and buy.
Yes, in the US, it's the smorgasbord of stuff that's either really good or really crappy,
most of which is the latter, including Kid Sports Ice Hockey for the Wii, yet another
game by Destineer, who is known for absolutely nothing good, FlatOut Head On on the PSP,
that's a FlatOut 2 port, so that should be pretty fun, History Channel Lost Worlds on
the PC, Samurai Warriors Katana on the Wii, which looks kind of fun, it's like an on-rails
samurai game, Furu Furu Park on the Wii, only $20, a bunch of little mini games by Majesco,
Miami Nights Singles in the City for the DS, I don't know if it's any better than Sprung,
but I guess we'll have to see, Nitro Bike on the Wii, this game I'll have to expose
to Nelly because it's made by the creators of Excitebike 64, and it's kind of the same
thing, it's bikes with rockets on them, and then The Sims Carnival Bumper Blast and The
Sims Carnival Snap City on PC are coming out, Battlefield 2142 is getting a price drop to
$30, and finally, let's see here, Pirates of the Burning Sea is also getting a bundle,
and that's coming out as well, enough pirate games, enough, I was going to say though there
is something kind of funny that's coming out next week, also happens to be by Destineer
though, Kawasaki Jet Ski, this one looks almost identical to Waveray 64, so that might be
pretty cool, and that's it.
Alright then let's head on over to Japan and check out what's coming out over there in
Japan, not a lot sadly, but if you have an Xbox 360 in Japan, you're one of the few,
you have Juiced 2 Hot Import Nights to look forward to, which comes out on January 17th,
going over to other systems on the Playstation 3, Juiced 2 for some reason comes out a week
later, go figure, it comes out the week of January 24th, I guess Juiced takes longer
to produce for Sony Systems, I couldn't tell you, on the Nintendo Wii things look a little
better because you get Trauma Center New Blood on January 17th, and Sonic Riders Shooting
Star Story also comes out on the Nintendo Wii.
Now is the Trauma Center New Blood, is that new blood from people like me just poking
at the patient with a knife?
You know what, Trauma Center New Blood is one of those games from 2007, like it was
on my list of I really need to play this game and I just have not had the time amongst all
the other games that came out, but I will get to that very soon.
Also on the Playstation 2 this week, you get Juiced 2, but you get a game called Lucky
Star comes out this week, Lucky Star looks to be probably based off another anime, it's
an adventure game, and that's really all I know, except there's two chicks holding hands
on the front cover, but one's an angel, so I don't think it's Lesbians or anything like
that.
That would be a lucky game indeed, wouldn't it?
Oh shit I fucked up, Lucky Star doesn't come out until next week, don't, sorry.
You can start prepping now for Lucky Star or the deluxe pack of Lucky Star which is
also released next week, however this week you can get a game called School Days, School
Days comes out this week, another adventure game with two chicks on the front cover, kinda
arm in arm like they're BFFs, and they're wearing school girl uniforms so you know this
will sell like hotcakes at anime conventions around the globe.
Moving on to the handheld systems on the Nintendo DS, a game called From the Abyss makes its
way to the Nintendo DS, and I'm not sure if this is a misprint because I didn't think
this game was coming out on the Nintendo DS, oh I guess it is, there's the box art and
stuff, Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games comes out on the Nintendo DS, I always thought
that was a Wii only game, go figure, that comes out on the Nintendo DS this week in
Japan, and lastly on the Sony PSP, nothing, nothing for the PSP, but you have a price
reduction on Luminous 2 to look forward to next week, so there you have it, your Japanese
release dates.
Well, there's a few coming out on the 18th in Europe, we have Balls of Fury, that's great.
That's based off a movie that didn't do very well.
Geometry Wars Galaxies on DS and Wii, Night's Journey of Dreams on Wii, which I so almost
picked up today, Wii Chess, which actually I would get because I was on the chess team
in high school, and Zack and Wiki Quest for Barbaros Treasure, and that's it.
I just say save your money, well get nights, and then save your money for Dracula X Chronicles
later that month.
You know, I will never understand our chat room in the way they think sometimes, because
you know how I was talking about dating sims a minute ago?
So SSG100Matt pipes up and goes, two girls, one cup, dating sim for DS, or now, you know,
two girls, one cup is now 2007, but now you have, you know, because obviously something
much more hardcore came out apparently recently, and Cory31 suggests that four girls finger
paint would make a good DS Wii game.
Sick!
Gotta keep up on the internet, you all are sick!
There you go, BlackWolf suggests Dragon Force would make any dating sim better, absolutely.
Date Dragon Force, the game.
You know what I want?
They made a Tokimeki game for girls, and I still want that game.
Really?
Yeah, where you guess pick up on boys or something.
Loki, please bring us back to video game chat, please.
Alright, well it was announced this week that two secret characters are going to be coming
to Soul Calibur IV, although I don't really know how an announcement makes it secret,
but anyways, Darth Vader and Yoda are coming to Soul Calibur IV.
The only bad thing about it is, one is coming to each version, so if you get the Playstation
3 version, you happen to get the better half, which would be Darth Vader.
If you get the 360 version, well, you get Yoda.
I don't understand why they couldn't put both of them on there, because that's stupid.
Cue all the Xbox fans going, noooooo!
Hey, I can't get them both!
Exactly!
Why?
Why?
Why would you buy them both?
That is exactly why they did this shit.
That was sarcasm, by the way.
Okay, thank god.
But it's also going to come over there and beat you.
But I'm going to get the PS3 version.
Well, yeah, but this is the good thing about it, though, is that they did not base it off
of Soul Calibur IV, they went back and based it off of Soul Calibur II.
A balanced version.
Yeah, I was going to say, you're saying what the kind of bullshit is this, Loki?
It's the kind of bullshit, the exact same thing they did with Soul Calibur II.
Yeah, but I don't have a problem with, you know, Link not being on the Playstation, because
that doesn't make any sense.
Why would you put Link, you know, a Nintendo character on a Playstation or something like
that?
This they're, you know, not really specific to any console.
It's not like you have the Darth Vader game on the Playstation 3 or anything like that.
It's just fucking lazy is what it is.
What happened to Blu-ray?
I thought Blu-ray can hold all this, like, data and stuff.
Why can't you fit Yoda on there?
It's just being, you're just being an asshole is what you're being.
And to be honest, I'd rather have the Playstation 3 version with Darth Vader, and I'm sure Sony
paid money to have, you know, Darth Vader on there.
I will buy the Xbox 360 version because I love Soul Calibur, and you know what?
You know why else I don't care which of these versions I pick up?
Because Star Wars characters should not be in Soul Calibur!
Why did that happen in the first place?
That is stupid.
Maybe they'll have a character editor and you can use some of the parts to have a crazy-looking
Yoda.
It looks stupid.
I looked at the screenshots of, like, Darth Vader fighting Ivy or whatever, and I'm just
going like, I just rolled my eyes, I'm like, this looks dumb.
This looks about as dumb as Spawn being in the game.
No, no, no, did you hear what their original intent was?
The director of the Soul Calibur game, he wanted to have Pac-Man as one of the fight
characters.
Oh my god, he's going to ruin his own franchise.
He said that would have been his pick, but apparently someone-
What's next?
Klonoa?
Apparently-
Klonoa would be awesome, though.
Screw you!
Hey, I like-
Apparently someone beat with that.
Klonoa is one of my favorite games ever.
I like Soul Calibur just the way it was.
I thought it was cool to have Link in it.
Link made sense.
Link also a swordsy and, you know, is swords and sorcery type of character.
Ha-Hachi?
Okay, I can, we'll let that one slide, that makes sense.
How long have they had freaking Yoshimitsu in the games?
Well Yoshi-
Is they the Soul Calibur character forever?
At least Yoshimitsu has a sword.
Oh, it just doesn't, it doesn't fit.
Ha-Hachi has a diaper.
You know what they're doing?
They're fucking, they're fucking this over like they would Tekken, where they just start
putting all this ridiculous shit in there.
Like fucking woodblock characters and panda bears and-
Okay, Tekken has always been that way though.
Well, they want this to be fucking Tekken because they can.
And for the record, those characters in Tekken were kind of dumb too.
Exactly.
Well actually, I don't know, a panda bear beating people up was kind of awesome.
Okay, first of all, they've always had the bear characters in, oh my god.
No, Bear was in Tekken 1, wasn't he?
Yes!
That's what I thought.
Devil and Angel and everybody and the gold band just says, secret character, your mom.
Last night, Devil Jin was awesome by the way.
Do not ever poop on Devil Jin.
I would not, I would not be surprised if we saw a Soul Calibur versus Tekken game.
Ooh, I'd buy it.
That actually would kind of rock.
I don't know why, like I'm being a total hypocrite, but I don't care because that idea is actually
kind of cool to me.
But here's the other thing, okay, when I look at this and I see the Star Wars characters,
I'm like, why doesn't Namco just like do an all Star Wars fighting game?
Now I know, now before the chat room jumps, I know there already was one like back on
the Playstation 1 or whatever the hell it was, but it was kind of dumb.
Like not a lot of people remember.
Because you made a crappy game a long time ago does not mean that you can't make a good
game.
Exactly.
You can, I mean, Star Wars games come out on every fucking console.
Star Wars, there were Star Wars games on the Atari 2600, okay?
These games have been coming out forever.
So there's no reason they couldn't do a really new, super pretty, you know like using the
Soul Calibur engine, make a Star Wars fighting game.
That would be all kinds of awesome.
I'm not even that big of a Star Wars fan, but I might buy that game.
That would be kind of awesome.
Because I love Soul Calibur.
Somebody in my life journal said, Soul Calibur is a fighting game for people who don't really
like other fighting games.
It's true.
I don't know why I get into Soul Calibur.
I liked Gon from Tekken 3, and that's about it.
Gon was great, and actually Gon was the best person to beat the Tekken Street mode.
Because all you had to do was do the butt spin thing.
And you know what's happening with Soul Calibur 2?
It's the crappy spinoff games happening too, like the Legends game.
Like what's her, oh god, what's her name from Tekken got her own spinoff game?
Death by degree.
Death by playing this game.
Here's the thing that really sucks about that whole Soul Calibur game, other than the fact
that it was just crap.
I don't understand why they couldn't do a fighting game on, you know, the Wii.
In fact, I remember seeing someone comment on why don't they just take the engine from
Soul Calibur 2 for the GameCube and just port it over to the Wii, maybe update the graphics
a little bit, and put new characters in it.
Or add some of the characters from Soul Calibur 4 and you can have its own series on the Wii
that maybe not as pretty, but still just as effective.
RossdielUT in chat says, Namco would boob up the Star Wars girls.
Damn right they would, and it would sell zillions of copies.
Like I don't even know what a zillion is, but you put Leia as a slave girl in this game
with massive boobage, and this game will move a zillion copies on the first day.
Just you wait.
Mark my words.
Xenocore says, do not tempt the fates by summoning Taras Kasi, leave it to slumber in its grave,
no zombie apocalypse.
Tigerclaw says, I still don't see how lightsabers can clash with metal swords, they will cut
through them.
In fact, they'll cut right through the opponents.
Oh I'm sorry, let me read that the way it should have been read.
I still don't see how lightsabers can clash with metal swords.
I mean, come on.
It's a video game dude, seriously.
Just giving you a hard time.
I'm trying to apply real world physics, and why am I even calling the Star Wars universe
real world physics?
Did you just say Jedi physics?
No, real world physics.
Oh sorry.
Not Jedi physics.
That would make me even more retarded.
Seriously, who cares, it's just a fucking game.
They can't do that because then all the Star Wars characters would win.
What they do need though, they need to get some Star Trek characters.
I want to see Kirk.
That's right, Kirk vs Picard, let's settle this shit right now.
That would be funny, I would love to see that.
I have a picture hanging outside of my cubicle, by the way.
It's done up like one of those motivational posters.
It's a picture of Kirk just grinning, and it says, I'm sorry I can't hear you over the
sound of how awesome I am.
I just want to see a fighting game with absolutely random shit in it, like Kirk, I want to see
Adam West playing Adam West, and you know, just weird shit like that.
Loki Fighter 2008?
Hell yeah.
There you go.
All right, Black Wolf says, the Death Star wouldn't even take the Enterprise's shields
down to 85%.
I'm sorry, let me reread that.
The Death Star wouldn't even take the Enterprise's shields down to 85%.
Please let's change the topic, pretty please.
It's my turn, it sure is.
Microsoft has made a comment about Xbox 360 backwards compatibility.
It was Albert Piniello, the group marketing manager for the Xbox 360, he said this to
Kotaku earlier in the week, quote, I don't know if we have plans to do any more releases
in regards to backwards compatibility, quote, it feels like we kind of hit the point of
diminishing returns there.
So in other words, if you were hoping for more games to become backwards compatible,
you can just keep on hoping.
And of course, everybody has their games that they wish were still backwards compatible,
but it doesn't look like there'll be many more updates in the future.
Buy new games.
Or better yet, don't sell off your old system.
There you go.
Problem solved.
I would think maybe there would be one last hurrah, but especially in light of now that
they've launched this download Xbox originals thing where they can charge more money for
games than they are used, I wouldn't expect that they're going to do any more updates.
Unless they do an update, watch this, this is what they'll do.
They'll update, but they won't push it out to play the discs.
They'll only update it to do a download game or something.
Because me personally, I would love to see an update make the Dance Dance Revolution
games from Xbox playable because I can use my Xbox 360 mat, because really that's really
the only games I would probably still play on Xbox to this day are the DDR games, because
you know, they're a good workout, right?
So why don't we get those games backwards compatible?
But I could just see Microsoft making those games backwards compatible and then releasing
them on the download service and not putting out a patch.
That's what they're talking about when they say diminishing returns.
Bastards.
It means, diminishing returns means they're not really going to sell that many copies
of Xbox games as soon as they don't make them anymore, and what the hell do they care?
I do agree, it is kind of like, Xbox was what, like three years ago now?
So it's kind of over, but...
They play quite a few games, I mean if you're so bent out of shape that you can't play your
copy of I don't know what, but you know, some obscure game out there, then just fucking
buy an Xbox.
I'm sure original Xboxes, assuming you don't have one already, are probably pretty damn
cheap right now.
Yeah, but those things weigh 5,000 pounds, and they're like an eyesore in my living room.
I don't want to hook it up unless I have to.
But you still have an original Xbox.
I do, and you know where it is?
It's in that drawer right there, the closed drawer right there.
Well, how often do you play Xbox games?
I would play the DDR games more if they were backwards compatible, but they're not.
Well, that's just Konami, they don't like you.
I guess that's what it is.
We sometimes break out our old stuff.
Well, you're crazy.
You would bust out your Dreamcast just to play club mixes.
Actually, you know what we have hooked up right now?
What?
The CDX and 32X and Knuckles Chaotix.
Just because.
Just because.
Like, you and Dan are the types where you'll get a whim.
Like, it's just like, God, I really feel like playing, you know, frickin' Echo the Dolphin
today.
Dust off the Genesis.
Let's get it out.
Yeah, we do that.
Sometimes.
But we've brought out our Xbox before to play old stuff.
Just depends.
Well, this is something interesting, though, to come out of CES, is the Force Feedback
Suit by TN Games, which I think is kind of stupid, but I figured it was worth a mention
because you, it has these pockets that inflate that will sort of make a punch.
Like if you're playing a fighting game and someone gets, like, punched in the chest,
you'll feel it as just pressure.
And it's, you know, meant for, it right now only works with Call of Duty 2 or Incursion,
but they're working on Valve software stuff coming out.
So it actually also has this thing where it will do a partial inflation for, like, a light
hit or blow air past you if something misses you.
So it's more for, I mean, I think it's a neat idea, but at the same time, I don't see why
anyone would want one.
Yeah, it's too, I bet it's going to be too much money, too.
If I want to feel air rushing past me, I'll just have Jamie stand next to me with an Air
Zuka while I play a game.
Screw the Air Zuka, I'll just have a can.
Well, they have those, was it, I don't remember the, like, ambient FX or something like that.
It's a thing for your PC that actually has, like, fans and lights.
So it's got that ambient light and then the fans blow air or something like that.
I think you can even adjust the air, like, hot, cold, that kind of stuff, depending on
what's in the game.
I'm laughing at RobWithTwoBees in the chat room.
It says, how does it play with rez?
That's a good question.
That'd be funny.
That might be kind of fun.
All right.
Well, let's keep it moving.
Yeah, I don't think we need to talk about that.
Anyways, so, Bill Gates, his aim is to make the Xbox 360 the most reliable console ever.
Good luck.
Because right now you're not off to a good start.
What does that mean, most reliable?
I don't know.
He basically says, he says, incredible reliability on the new work that we've done.
Our commitment is to be the most reliable video game box out there.
Sounds like a bunch of PR bullshit to me.
Does most reliable mean, like, okay, if you bought an Xbox 360 in 2006, you can rely on
the fact that that thing will get the three rings of death at some point?
I don't know.
But I don't know how they can claim that even, I understand that they want to be the most
reliable, but I want to be rich, and I think I'm going to be rich before they become reliable,
so I don't know.
All right.
Well, one thing you can certainly rely on is that more Xbox originals will make its
way to the Xbox Live Marketplace, and one of them that's been announced, Burnout 3 Take
Down.
Hey, this is one I actually own on disc, so I don't really need to worry about this.
But for those of you that don't have this game, Burnout 3, of course, one of the entries
in the long-running Burnout series, I'm sure this isn't timed with the release of Burnout
Paradise or anything like that, but yeah, Burnout 3 is making its way on January 14th
to the Xbox 360 console as a downloadable original.
It will set you back 1,200 Microsoft points, which calculates to about 1,499.
Makes sense that they would do that because Burnout Revenge is available on the 360, so
yeah.
Right, and there's the new Burnout game, right?
Yeah.
That's coming out.
Yeah, I liked it better than Revenge anyway, so.
Recommend it if you don't have it.
Yeah, Take Down's a good game.
I would also recommend it, and it's, yeah, it plays well on the backwards compatibility
and all that good stuff, so.
Well, for anyone who was keeping up with the whole journalistic drama, wasn't that reviewer
that got pooped on?
Oh, yeah, the GameSpot guy, well, we haven't heard that in a guy's name in a while.
Whatever happened?
Oh, yeah, I know what happened.
Nobody else left GameSpot, too, because of that earlier this week.
Alex Navarro left GameSpot and apparently invoked Gerstmann as why he was leaving.
You know what's funny, though, is there's been like some other independent reviewers
also leaving, and I'm just like, I don't care what, you're trying to like, you know, be
all noble and stuff.
Other people have done it before you, who cares?
Well, the game in question, Kane & Lynch Dead Men, sold a million copies.
So in other words, all this video game drama on the internet that we thought was going
to kill this game dead in its tracks, most people probably don't even read this kind
of stuff on the internet.
It probably helped, if anything.
I want to see what the drama's about.
It's a good thing that he didn't get fired over a bad review for Eye of Judgment.
There's no such thing as bad press, you know, that'd be great.
This is what they say, there's no such thing as bad press.
Loki made a really big funny.
It took me a minute to get, but it was a really good funny.
Exactly.
All right.
Well I think parents just bought this game for their kids, well actually you really shouldn't
buy this game for your kids, so I don't know who was getting this under their Christmas
tree, but quite a few people, apparently.
I'm sure kids have it, because their parents don't care.
Well, Billy wants Kane & Lynch, and he got good grades this month, so let's buy it for
him.
What's this M mean on the front of the package?
M means it's...
Must have!
It's magnificent.
M for magnificent, okay.
So one thing that's kind of magnificent, I guess, and a little weird, but I guess, I
don't know why they're doing it, but they did.
So now ResHD will be supporting...
I'm sorry, this is too good.
Black Wolf says, oh, M is for Miners.
Miners?
Yeah, there you go.
Sorry, go ahead.
So ResHD is going to be supporting trans vibration, in the form of your other controllers, so
one person can play, and three other people can be pleasured, awesome.
So now there's a whole reason to have four Xbox 360 controllers, one to play the game,
three in your pants.
Why can't they support just the Res trans vibrator, I mean, it's just a USB device,
and if they built in the driver for it, why don't they support it, because that'd be kind
of cool.
Okay, so they're going to spend money to, you know, engineer this whole stupid thing
on the Xbox 360 for the whole, I don't know, three people that still have an original trans
vibrator.
Jamie, do you have an original trans vibrator?
No I actually don't.
See, if this woman doesn't even own one, then nobody owns one, I'm telling you right now.
I've been looking for one.
And cue the emails of everybody who has one emailing me telling me I'm wrong.
Just reverse engineer a trans vibrator into a 360 controller or something like that, or
like a dildo or something.
SSJ100Matt wanted to take this opportunity to point out that last week, during list lists,
remember how we were doing the list lists, and it was the gadgets we most want to see
at CES, remember the Foreman grill, the grill's the entire cow one, right, we had like the
Holodeck in there and all that stuff, right?
Remember SSJ100Matt, his entire list got eliminated, and his list was gone.
One of the things on the list he wants to remind us was a new res trans vibrator.
Oh we don't need it, we have controllers now that'll do just the same thing.
No but he's pointing out the irony of the fact that of all things at CES that were actually
announced in a way, the Xbox 360 controller is now...
I don't know why you would need a trans vibrator anyways, it's kind of weird, but...
Well congratulations SSJ100Matt for being correct.
It'll be fun though to put the controller on like stuff that rattles, you know, like
my coffee table and stuff like that so it'll be really loud and annoying.
I'm sure your wife will love that.
One thing people everywhere love is a little segment we do on our show where Jamie takes
a minute to respect our elders and pay tribute to the games of yesteryear.
That's right, it's the classic video game of the week, brought to us by Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura, what games have you picked for the masses this week?
The game of the week is Bongio, which is a game that I really love and it's a treasure
game on top of that, which makes it even more awesome.
Two treasure games in a row, aha!
But you can do that.
I can.
The initial release was on the Nintendo 64 in Japan, and it has come out on the Dreamcast.
In fact I pretty much got this game right away when it came out on Dreamcast and played
a bunch of it, it's really crazy because like you go around and, well actually I think it's
kind of funny because the Nintendo 64 version has a very limited release of 10,000 cartridges.
It's pretty cool.
So if you got one for the Nintendo 64, you're lucky!
But it's a 300, you play basically a 360 degree type attack and you can do like a bajillion
shots in a row all over the place and there's enemies everywhere.
And I believe that the maximum number of like bullets you personally can shoot out at one
time is like 400 I think.
It's pretty crazy and your character on the screen looks really small, but when you think
about everything else that's going in the game, it makes sense, you get a lot of action
going on at one time.
With the Dreamcast it makes some changes from the Nintendo 64 version, you have a sort of
an explosion counter instead of the combo system and you don't have a shot that you
can buy stuff from the Nintendo 64 version.
Your special attacks are based on the amount of incoming fire, so you don't have to charge
for it, the more stuff you have coming at you, the more you can shoot out.
Everybody also, all the characters were equalized as far as their powers are concerned, there's
additional bosses, two new enemies which are a flamethrower and a giant egg, just little
things, you know, graphical changes.
But there was a sequel that came out which was Bongayo Spirits that's actually in development
with DS.
I was going to say that Dark Hetsuya and Chao were saying something about DS and Xbox Live
Arcade rumors as well.
I've been hearing some of that too, but I'm definitely going to be getting Bongayo
Spirits.
It's actually going to be coming out in Japan as Bongayo Tamashiki.
So the Bongayo goodness lives on, but for now we pay tribute to the original Bongayo,
apparently Dreamcast version over the Nintendo 64.
I have actually once played a Nintendo 64 version, there are some differences, I actually
think the Dreamcast version is a lot more balanced.
Well there you have it, your classic game of the week, Bongayo.
Love it, play it.
Alright, that's going to do it for this part A of Orange Lounge Radio this week, but fear
not the show isn't done just yet, we're going to come back and we're going to have ourselves
a part B, and in part B we're going to talk about a lot of other stuff, speaking of the
DS, we're going to talk a little bit about Assassin's Creed, and we're going to talk
about Bionic Commando possibly coming to a Nintendo system as well, and a very cool feature
for Disney World travelers that could be coming to the DS very soon.
That's all coming up tonight in part B, so stay tuned.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
