Forge, Lounge, Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, October 28th, 2012. Has the Playstation 3 been hacked again?
Zynga makes some big layoffs. And could not all Wii U features make the system launch?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this October the 28th of 2012, episode number 479 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and all that good stuff with my co-host.
My co-hosts say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers. How are you doing?
You're like sick and stuff, huh?
I have a sinus infection.
You better not be contagious.
Sinus infections aren't contagious.
Last time you had a sinus infection I got the swine flu.
You know what, Rob? Okay.
I'm never going to let you live that down.
No, that's from not eating enough pork.
Oh, hi Tech Master, Loki. How are you?
You mentioned pork, sorry.
Alright, what were you going to say, DarkSakura?
I was going to say I thought I had a sinus infection and then I ended up getting really sick.
I ended up not having a very bad version of it and you ended up being, what, bedridden or something?
So, sorry.
I can't help it if my immune system is wonderful, Rob, and that everything is just weak sauce when it hits me.
Alright, well if you want to join-
I am stronger than the swine flu.
If you want to join us and talk about sickness or games would be preferred, but you never know.
Live.vognetwork.com is where you can chat along with us and you can also check in if you are listening live.
Yes, those are on now.
Man, if it's not up by like the first second the intro music hits, I start getting private messages.
Check-ins are down, check-ins are down, check-ins are down.
But check-ins are now on for Orange Lounge Radio.
A little bit late. Thanks, Bobby.
We are, of course, live after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
We do tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after Bobby Black Wolf at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com.
Lots of great shows that play on VOG throughout the week, including my other show that's all about the World of Warcraft.
The best little Horde house in Azeroth, or Horde house for short.
And the reason why I bring that up, crossover week this week with Girls Gone Wow, our friends over there in the UK.
And we were on their show today and they're going to come on Horde house later this week.
So it's crossover week. Why? Because sweeps month is coming up.
Sweeps month. So that's when we got to pull out all the stunts.
Crossover shows, super special episodes, and at the end of the month somebody will die.
We just haven't figured out who yet. Anyhow.
Also I feel kind of bad.
Why?
For crocheting when I'm sick.
Because I feel like whoever is going to get the scarf is going to get diseases like I'm a European settler.
You should feel bad for crocheting when we have so many things in the gaming world to talk about this week.
I can talk and crochet at the same time, Rob.
Actually it was kind of a slower news week. We'll get into that later.
But let me put it this way. Tonight we have Listless making a comeback tonight.
It has been forever since we played an OLR game. I was just realizing that earlier.
So we are bringing back Listless tonight.
Well you don't even know the topic yet.
I don't care. All of my answers are pie. Because of Alan.
I was going to say you got to try Alan's award winning pumpkin. It's not pumpkin pie. It's like pumpkin mousse dessert thing.
Chocolate chips and pumpkin. Chocolate and pumpkin.
He won first place at his work in the big bake off. And it's a big deal.
And he beat the reigning champion and it's not pretty.
I was fearing for his life actually.
I had to escort him to the parking lot to make sure he wouldn't get jumped.
Were you afraid of severe judgement?
Yes.
But everything was okay. So there you go.
Again, live.vognetwork.com if you want to join us.
And Dark Tetsuya pointing out there goes Loki talking out of turn again.
As he tends to do at the top of the show.
Technically not out of turn. She talked. I talked. I just talked sooner than you were expecting me.
It's not out of turn though.
And right now? Don't give a shit.
Surprise Loki. Surprise.
Alright, I don't have a lot of stuff to talk about before we get into our gaming weeks and the news tonight.
Did we actually give Loki a full introduction?
Yeah, you mentioned it.
Like, tech glasses.
Who is this guy? Who is this person that's talking?
I'm gonna flip the table in a second.
I have missed the 478 prior episodes of Orange Launch Radio.
Who is this guy? Seriously.
I'm taking back my Tootsie Rolls.
I can't figure it out based on the intro and the two people that have been introduced.
I just wish I could deduce who this was.
Let me go back. Let me go back for a minute here.
Let me listen to Midihead again here.
Bob. You know what? Shut. Stop it. I'm on drugs.
The show is called Orange Launch Radio.
I'm on drugs.
There he is.
You hush. You know what I was talking about. I will poke you in the eye with this needle.
Alright, for real though. I have a serious kickoff topic tonight. For real.
Like, okay, probably the most number, like the highest concentration of listeners for Orange Launch Radio is here in Northern California.
Because that's where we are. That's where a lot of the video games industry is.
So the highest concentration of Orange Launch Radio is in Northern California.
The second highest concentration of OLR listeners, I'm pretty sure, is New York City.
So obviously New York's going through a little bit right now with this whole, I don't know, some woman named Sandy is coming to blow everybody.
Cause she's, you're the one that she wants.
Sound like a porno.
Ooh, hoo, hoo.
In all seriousness, if you are in the path of that hurricane, I hope you've taken all those precautions to be safe.
If they've told you to evacuate, please turn off OLR.
We will be there on the podcast feed later.
And evacuate if that's what they've told you to do.
But if you have holed yourself up in the house with the walls all boarded up and you've got your liquor ready to go.
Like if DJ Rama's picture earlier was any indication.
Did you see the picture that Rama posted earlier of all his boos?
He had all his boos. He's like, I'm ready for the hurricane.
You know what, Rob? Think about New York City and think about trying to evacuate.
Not happening.
I know, right? Well, they closed the subway. They closed the schools.
By the time a hurricane hits up there, you know what it's gonna be?
A sneeze.
I hope you're right.
Well, cause you know last night-
I lose momentum inland.
Last night they were talking about this tsunami's gonna hit Hawaii and the tsunami's coming in and they had to evacuate the shores.
And then it ended up not really being a big deal.
Like you definitely didn't want to be in the water. It's not a time to surf. Like you could have really hurt yourself.
I'm more worried about Florida.
Yeah, well this thing isn't in the path of Florida, I don't think. Is it?
Is it that big of a hurricane?
Well, even a small hurricane is fairly big, Rob.
Well, no matter what. Look, we live in California. This isn't something we really have to deal with here. We have the earthquake thing instead.
But if you're in the path of this thing, I hope you're safe. That's what I really wanted to say.
Fill your bathtub full of water. Buy bleach. Get all the bread in the grocery store. And cans.
Ignorant California question. Ignorant California question.
What? What? What? What?
Why do you fill your bathtub with water?
Well, in case the water pipes break, or you get sewage backed up into the water, you have a tub, which is like what I think, I want to say seven gallons of fresh water.
Oh, so it's like your reserve water.
And you put like two drops of bleach in it to purify it.
Oh, okay.
So that way, even if the water lines are down, you have drinking water.
Okay, that makes sense. So you just need to have plenty of drinking water.
Yeah, and you know why you tape the windows, right?
Uh, that has to do with the pressure, right? So you don't get blow.
You don't get to if they actually break the table, hold it, and keep it from shattering.
Okay, yeah, that's what I figured. I knew it was something long.
It also stops the fog from coming in that turns people inside out.
Shut up.
That's a Simpsons reference.
Alright, anyhow, um, look, uh, I wanted to bring up this story because I had no idea that somebody was already waiting in line at Nintendo World for a Wii U.
Isaiah Triforce Johnson, I guess he changed his name to have Triforce in it.
He is a die-hard Nintendo fan to say the least.
I believe this is him last time with Reggie getting his Wii, so this guy is no stranger to camping out overnight.
Why does Reggie always look like a mannequin?
Because he's pretty.
Look at his eyes.
Because his body was ready for cybernetic enhancement.
He looks like he's a wax man.
He's perfectly groomed. He's a well-groomed man. There's nothing wrong with that.
He's gotta be a public figure for Nintendo. He can't look crazy.
Like if Doc Brown came up and like,
Hi, I'm Wii U!
His skin looks waxy.
Does he wax his face?
That might sell me a Wii U.
Well, anyway, look, the real story.
Mr. Triforce Johnson had to give up his spot in line because they basically said that the security at Rockefeller Center said you need to vacate by 6 p.m.
So he had to actually leave.
However, it has been promised that he may return to his place after Nintendo World reopens when the hurricane has passed.
So the hurricane has already caused at least one major disruption.
Oh, well, then we should just call this hurricane, Hurricane Common Sense.
Because who the fuck lines up for a Wii U a month before it comes out?
If this thing is disastrous, you are going to feel bad about making jokes about it.
No, I'm not going to feel bad. I feel no remorse.
No pity, and he will not stop until you are dead.
Wait, that was Terminator, sorry.
I can understand lining up a couple days ahead of time or the night of, but a month ahead of time?
He wanted to be the first.
May as well just stay in line for the next Nintendo system.
Alright, let's see, questions from our chat room.
Very important questions from chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Taiki asks, who's prettier, Reggie or Cliffy B? I think that's a Loki question.
Loki, who's prettier, Reggie or Cliffy B?
Well, Cliffy does have the youth going for him when he is a lot younger.
Reggie's kind of trollish, so it's hard to say.
But Reggie is probably much nicer in person, whereas Cliffy kind of comes off as a douche.
The thing about Cliffy, and I know this is exactly what you wanted to hear on a video game podcast this week.
The thing about Cliffy is he kind of has that male porn star hair going for him that's not doing him any favors.
Because straight men in porn, not always that exciting to look at.
And he's kind of got that hair going for it.
It's like some minus points.
But you're right, he does have that youth factor. He doesn't look waxy like Reggie.
Male porn stars always make me think of diseases.
Walking herpes.
WhatupG in chat says Nintendo should just send him a Wii U.
Do you think Mr. Triforce Johnson has earned the damn Wii U at this point?
Nintendo wants money.
Let's see, Tigerclaw in chat says Nintendo did say he will still be the first in line.
Which is good PR for Nintendo.
There you go.
I would have laughed if someone snuck in front of him before.
What, I was waiting here before you. You left.
Rama, run out there quick.
Alright, there you go.
Even though we're having fun with the subject and the story and everything.
First off, props to that guy for being so damn dedicated. You know what, props to you sir.
And second off, for real, we hope everybody is safe in this hurricane. Please be safe.
Don't be stupid.
No props to him for standing out there a month in advance.
He's actually on the payroll for Nintendo a little bit as well.
It's part of the problem.
He's done some events and stuff for Nintendo and actually covered stuff as a liaison for Nintendo.
I'm sorry, no. No props for this dude standing out a month in advance.
Yeah, cool. You're a dedicated Nintendo fan.
Yeah, you couldn't be up Reggie's ass a little bit more than you are.
So, I mean, cool that you're really excited.
If Reggie's ass is as waxy as the rest of him, then it should be as smooth as...
This is starting to go to a place I'm not okay with.
I'm just not...
Just throwing it out there.
I'm just...
It's just like those people that stand...
You know, I understand it's like, oh hey, it's fandom and stuff like that.
There's got to be a line to draw here, okay?
It'd be like me, well, I'm going to stand out in front of this building for a year
because I'm waiting for the next Xbox 360 or something.
People are going to be like, no, you're an idiot.
You should go stand in line for Breaking Dawn Part 2.
No.
No, I'm not.
You know someone is somewhere.
No, no one is.
Because you know why?
Because they don't have to do that anymore.
They have Fandango and places you can buy tickets online.
So that, you know, all those people are like, oh hey, I waited here for a couple days to get my tickets to Batman.
You're like, fuck you, I just spent two seconds and went online and got tickets for Batman.
Oh, who's the idiot now?
There are some movies where they do the midnight openings where they don't put them up on Fandango.
Alright, let's...
I, however, saw Frankenweenie opening night at Disneyland.
The end.
And trust me...
Well, can I touch you?
No.
I might catch gay.
Speaking of movies, speaking of movies, and I know we already had movies as a kickoff topic a couple weeks ago.
Are we going to see The Gift?
But I quickly want to say Silent Hill 3D Revelation. I did not see it yet. None of us did.
But I hear it is so bad. Like it's showgirls bad. Without the tits. Like it is really bad.
And that makes me want to see it more.
Rob, let's do this.
What?
Next week.
We need to see it at some point.
Just, you know.
Tomorrow night.
We'll have your people call my people and find a time.
Tomorrow night.
That actually probably will work.
Okay.
But I don't know. I've got to make sure the other half won't be mad I see it without them.
Well, I'll be going SNIFF SNORT.
Because I'll be sick.
And then, of course, this coming week, Wreck-It Ralph.
Which I know we've all been excited about.
One other thing I heard about that movie is that the flashlights, the shine from the flashlights are in 3D.
Oh boy.
I know, right?
Our buddy Mel, you know, Mel B, the classic DDR freestyler.
He, I don't know, he got some type of hookup or passes, won them, I don't know.
He got to already see Wreck-It Ralph.
And he gave it his stamp of approval.
And that's pretty important.
So we know that movie isn't going to completely suck.
So I'm excited about that.
The City Vampire, pointing out in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Silent Hill has a less than 10% rating on RottenTomatoes.com.
That's when you know it's like really bad.
It's not like 30% bad, it's less than 10% bad.
I actually liked the first one.
I did too.
I saw it four times in the theater, I own two copies of it.
Shit.
So I have to see this.
Alright.
Raginator in chat says, showgirls should be remade in 3D.
Nothing beats 3D boobs, right?
That may be true, but honestly, when it comes to showgirls, nothing beats going to the Castro theater
and watching a bunch of drag queens reenact the scene where she comes out of the volcano.
I'm so mad I missed it this year.
That's like your reason to live right there.
And if you want a close second into a possible showgirls in 3D,
you can just watch like, what is it, Piranha 3D.
That's true.
That's true.
I'm actually super upset that I missed showgirls this year.
There's always next year.
Next year we need a huge group.
Alright, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
Back to video games and what we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
Mass Effect, the first one, because my Mass Effect 3 still doesn't work.
I mean, I can kind of get it to run and I've gotten into multiplayer now,
but it's like, it's just awful and they've escalated me again.
This will come up in the FUs.
And I've hardly played any WoW, actually.
You had like hella customer service EA stuff this week, didn't you?
I was on with two different customer service reps on their live chat for seven hours.
And one of the guys was super cool.
The other guy was, okay, okay, okay.
I have no problem with people from other countries.
I have a problem with them when they're outsourcing our jobs.
You know, when EA is sending a job and I know India's always picked on,
but it definitely was an Indian name.
And I was like, dude, no offense to you.
I want to speak to somebody in U.S. customer service who actually will listen to what I'm saying
and not just make assumptions about what I'm saying.
Because if you go back and read the log, you'll understand this has nothing to do with my DLC.
It has to do with the damn patch.
The thing about outsourced customer service in general, and it doesn't matter what country it's from,
even within the U.S. outsourcing sometimes, is that they usually are stuck to a script.
And if your inquiry or your question deviates from that script
and the things that they are very literally trained to handle, that's when you start to run into issues.
And unfortunately, what upper management fails to see a lot of the time is that most inquiries go off script.
I worked in customer service for how long?
The reason why I was good is because I stopped following my script because I knew what I was talking about.
And this has just gone on way too long.
And I finally, you know, they said, oh, we'll do the email service.
And they had me do a trace, which that I thought was a good idea to see if there was a connection problem on my end.
But I can tell you right when the problem started, it started with the last patch.
The patch did something because before that I had no problem.
So just so tired of it.
And and also just with I started getting I started with the sinus infection yesterday.
It was while I was out running errands. It's just I haven't really felt like playing much in the way of games.
And then when I got home, I was like, I want to play Mass Effect because I'm playing back through and doing all the stuff that
because the first time I just blew through the game.
And this time I'm I made Caden jealous, which was awesome.
And then I picked Liara over him. So he ran out in a snit.
And then I'm also though now I feel really dirty because, like, it's the equivalent of a 32 year old woman dating an 18 year old.
Because Liara is basically she's the equivalent mentally of an 18 year old.
It's dating a child. It does not work. It feels very wrong.
So, you know, these are all fake people, right?
I know Liara is blue. I know.
But OK, it's the point, though, of believability.
And what one because I mean, yeah, some people are really into dating children, I guess.
You know, I maybe it's just I'm spoiled by Garris.
I don't know. Acidic vampire in our chat room asks, have other people had the same problem with the patch?
Yes, I'm not the only one.
So it's been going on. And actually, people are now referencing my thing on the EA answer thing on BioWare's forums.
Several people have reposted it. A bunch of us have actually gone on to the Mass Effect Facebook page and linked it, which they've deleted.
Interesting. All right. Loki, let's move on to you. How was your gaming week?
I played Minecraft. It's pretty much it.
I mean, I was working on some stuff for that just on the roller coaster that I had there.
We added some more pixel art stuff in there, have a portion where it jumps into the mouth of a piranha plant, which is pretty sweet.
And then was a hit son was making.
He made a knight's was I remember the main character knight says, I guess knights would be knights.
Yes, made knights flying in the air. So that's kind of cool.
And we got the new patch this week.
So, you know, updated the server and been playing around command blocks, made some teleportation stations so we can, you know, hop to different parts of the map pretty quick.
And it's about it. Wish more people are on there because it's usually just me.
And then occasionally I'll see people pop in. But it's been pretty slow.
I know there's a lot of games out right now, so not surprising.
I was actually in the play some of those games, but I didn't know which one I wanted to play.
Got into that weird like gamer ADD stuff where I was like, ah, I can play Dishonored and start that game.
But I want to start another game because I'm already in the middle of Borderlands two.
And I don't know. It's just it's already beaten that game three times.
I'm sure he has. Oh, and then I guess I played Call of Duty a little bit. Modern Warfare 3.
Can't wait to play Black Ops 2. It'll be nice to switch up to something different.
But, yeah, that's pretty much it right now.
My gaming week, I don't have a lot of new stuff to talk about, but I did decide I finally had it with Mass Effect 3 and Origin in general.
So I am done with the PC version of Mass Effect 3. I want nothing to do with it anymore.
So I went back to Xbox 360 version, which, although it kind of stinks that, you know, the controllers, it's harder to do with the controllers than the keyboard and mouse.
I got used to it pretty quick. And it is really sad that I really don't have connection problems on the 360 whatsoever.
I have none of those loading problems or delays or any of that shit that you get with Origin.
And it's so refreshing. And I had some characters unlocked on the 360 prior that I just really missed, like my Korean engineer.
So Mass Effect, Mass Effect, Mass Effect, Mass Effect. Lots of that.
Other games, though, besides Mass Effect, believe it or not. LittleBigPlanet Vita.
I played some more of that. I mentioned I touched this game a little bit last week, but I didn't really play a lot of it.
I got to play some more of it this week, and I'm overall pretty satisfied with it.
A lot of what I said last week still holds true. It's a lot of the good stuff from LittleBigPlanet 2.
However, I finally figured out why the game wasn't bugging me about the online connectivity when I was playing it last week.
Because the game has an online pass, and I hadn't put in the code yet.
And so when I finally, because, you know, you have to beat the entire first world before you unlock the moon and the community levels and all that.
So once I unlock that, it's like, oh, hey, you need an online pass. It's like you need to enter in the code from the manual.
And I'm like, there's no manual with LittleBigPlanet 2. And I started like, oh my god, did I get ripped off?
But I opened up the box, and there was a code there for, it said, the costumes from the Bioshock characters.
Like, it said, congratulations on your pre-order bonus for Big Daddy costume and all this stuff.
And I'm like, wait a minute, that's not an online code. And I'm like, I'm going to put it in anyway.
Sure enough, it was the online pass code. I put it in and it said, you've unlocked the online pass.
And I'm like, great. So if I didn't think to try that, I would have thought, they didn't send me one.
So, just a heads up, if you bought your copy of LittleBigPlanet Vita and all you have is a code for a costume, it might actually be your online pass code.
Just throwing it out there. So, there you go.
That was LittleBigPlanet Vita. I do like some of the enhancements they made to the online community stuff.
You can download levels now, so you don't have to, like, go connect and find them every time.
Some of the levels online are really stupid, though, but that's to be expected with any creation game.
You're only going to find a few gems in the haystack.
But, yeah, as far as execution, it is what you would expect on a little Vita screen.
And for that, it's pretty awesome, I gotta say.
Something else I played on the Vita. It's only a demo, and I don't like to review games based off the demo.
But after Shane's strong words last week about how he felt about Silent Hill Book of Memories, you know I had to go download the demo.
And so I played the entire demo, which was a good, I don't know, it was like the whole first level up through the boss.
I didn't hate it, but it's really not Silent Hill.
Like, it is a dungeon explorer crawler game with Silent Hill graphics stamped on it.
And so, like, if I were obsessed with the lore and really into the storytelling, as Shane was talking about on the call at the end of last week's show, I could see where that's offensive.
Like, having Valtiel be the quest giver at the beginning of the floor, some of that stuff's really hokey.
But I didn't hate it. I wouldn't pay 40 bucks for it, but I would totally rent the game for a weekend just to beat it, because I was kind of interested in where the story was going.
Because it was very like, you are the main character, and you're doing all these things, and I liked kind of the haunting memories that were playing on the TVs and all this stuff.
So, I was kind of into the story, so I didn't hate it as much as Shane did, but I get why people aren't into it, because it's not really Silent Hill.
I wouldn't play it after that description.
Yeah, I could bring it out here and show it to you, but you'd probably be like, eh.
I don't want to blow infected snot all over it.
All I had to do was look at the back cover and I was like, nope.
I don't think it's that bad, but it's not Silent Hill. That's really the best way I can describe it.
One other thing I'll quickly say, Smart Glass came out for Android devices.
So I'm sure many of you have checked out Microsoft Smart Glass, because it's on all the Android devices.
And here's where me having an iPhone and Alan having an Android device comes in handy.
So we got out his Galaxy 3 and downloaded Smart Glass to it, and I was playing around with the Xbox on it.
Eh. What's the big deal?
Nothing. It really doesn't do anything right now that the app didn't do before.
I seem to remember the existing app would allow you to control your Xbox.
How did you use it with Dance Central?
I did use it with Dance Central 3, and the only thing you can do so far, at least that I found out, to be fair, I gave it like two minutes.
But the only thing I figured you could do is queue up songs in party mode.
Alright, I guess that's cool. If I had eight people over, that would be kind of cool.
To be fair, that's all that Just Dance 4 kind of used the Wii U gamepad for.
Remember, that was one of their big things. Hey, you can queue up songs!
But, you know, it was just a big deal. I can swipe on the menu.
I'm almost positive the existing Xbox app that was out there would allow you to remote control your Xbox in the same way.
Like, I don't think that's new. I really don't.
Yes you can.
So, and then we're waiting for the TV and movie stuff, but none of that's in there yet.
So it's like, okay, they've got the framework for Smart Glass down, now let's see you use it!
Coming in 2013. Usefulness.
Well, it's just like, was it, um, the Xbox Vision Camera!
We've got the framework in place, now let's see the one, two games that are gonna use this.
Yes, you can make a user icon out of your face. That's about the most that vision camera's good for you.
That's all I really use that for.
Can you do, you can't do that with Kinect either, huh?
Yes you can.
Oh, can you? Well then, so much for the vision cam.
Yeah, it's obsolete.
Alright, uh, that's it for, uh, gaming week for me and for our other hosts.
Let's talk about housekeeping and then we'll get into the news this week.
Uh, housekeeping. Follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR.
Uh, follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We have an interview next week. We haven't had an interview in a while.
Uh, this one is for the old school listeners.
As you know, Orange Lounge Radio started as a show about music-based video games
and for a long time we were pretty much exclusively about like the DDR and BeatMania and music game community.
So it's pretty surprising to me that in our ten and a half year history we've never had this guy on.
Uh, we may have had him on like for five minutes on one of the E3 specials
but we are going to properly have on the show next week, Eddie from BamaniStyle.com
is going to be on the show talking about what, you know,
especially because we have a news story tonight about like DDR's reboot and all this stuff
and I'm not going to spoil too much about that.
But we really want to get his thoughts on kind of where the music game community is going
because I'll tell you this, Eddie obviously has a lot of love for the Bamani community
and a lot of the stuff that he did was a lot of the stuff that many of us dreamed about.
He had the Uber website. He started this record label thing or this record distribution thing
where he was shipping out a lot of the music.
He got some of these artists to come to ASEN.
He's really been intimately involved with a lot of the music gaming like today.
So getting to pick his brain on a lot of like music gaming and his thoughts is going to be a lot of fun.
So this is going to be a fun episode next week.
Eddie from BamaniStyle.com will be here.
Sounds super.
I know. And it's live. So you guys will be able to ask him questions.
So make sure you're here in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
That is next week, November 4th, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
All right. I think that's all I have for housekeeping. Yeah.
All right. Let's get into the news tonight. Loki, start us off.
So G4 has finally canceled the last two bits of the old G4,
which would be X-Play and Attack of the Show.
And even Attack of the Show is not that old, but, you know, last bit of gaming, I guess, to the network.
And they will basically run until the end of this year.
And then they're going to have kind of a look back at the best of and then their final episodes and that's it.
And then G4 has will be wiping itself of gaming, I guess.
And apparently the rumor is that the channels was this shift towards like a guy network.
They're saying it's like Esquire or GQ channel, which sounds very boring, but cool.
I wonder where Cheaters reruns and Cops reruns fit into that, but we'll see.
Well, to the news that these shows are leaving, this is all I have to say on the matter.
And that's all, folks.
I like the scream. The scream really does it for me.
That was a really good particular Bugs Bunny ending, wasn't it?
It's sad, but it's not like we all didn't see this coming.
It was the merger that was the beginning of the end.
I was going to say, without sounding like a heartless bitch, it's really not sad either, I'm sorry.
But, I mean, the biggest talents behind these shows both already abandoned ship.
Sessler left X-Play and Kevin Pereira left Attack of the Show.
And I'm sorry, that show was already done for me the minute they started calling it Attack of the Show and it was no longer the screen savers.
I mean, that's when that show was already over.
And X-Play was good when it was on Tech TV, when it was called Extended Play.
I miss Tech TV so much. It's just like, that was the most awesome network ever.
And then it's like, hey, G4 sounds pretty cool.
And then they mixed them together and it's like, whoa, this is like the best thing ever.
And it went so downhill from there. It's just like, I don't even understand how that's possible, but...
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, AcidicVampire in our chat says,
Oh, I thought you were going to play a RuPaul sashay away clip.
I wish I'd thought of that. Next time, next time.
The SEG in our chat room says, man, I wonder what the people who have G4 tattooed on them think.
I forgot about that. They were doing that on E3, weren't they?
I don't know.
I'm pretty sure they were at one point.
They're like, they better pay for the removal.
Well, look, and here's the thing, especially judging off the Twitter reaction and all this stuff this week,
like people were like, I'm so sad that these shows are leaving and man, G4, there's no video game thing on anymore.
And all this stuff. And I'm like, you guys are...
People still have their same presence at E3.
You guys are remembering these shows from three years ago back when you were actually watching them.
If you all were actually watching them, this news would not be coming because it's all about ratings.
If they hadn't changed them, people would have been watching them.
Oh my God, the new guy on X-Play was fucking annoying.
I don't... See, I don't even...
I watched the clip. They had a clip of something. I don't even remember what it was about, but it was fucking annoying.
The guy was a total asshat.
Raginator in chat says, personally, I love the shows. Those shows were the reason I subscribed to cable in 2008.
A lot of people kind of reminiscing on the older G4 stuff.
And yeah, you know, it's unfortunate, but the network was already over several years ago.
Remember when they started showing reruns of Cops? Hello. I mean, come on.
The first downfall was the murder.
And I want to really know where the financial status was that made the merger necessary.
Well, according to Black Wolf in our chat room, and he was pretty intimately involved in the early days of G4,
and he talks about that on his own show, but Bobby's in chat and says, Paul Allen got tired of tech TV.
That's why he sold it to Comcast, even though they were about to have positive ratings for the first time.
So somebody just threw their hands up and said, I'm kind of over it.
I'm curious. A lot of people talking about the E3 coverage.
You know, for some people, that's all G4 is now, is E3 coverage,
because they have done the live stuff from the show floor and so on.
So does that mean the tiara goes to Spike TV by default?
They've already been doing that. Spike TV was live streaming all the coverage through game trailers,
their partnership with game trailers.
Weren't they like across the street? Oh, okay. They were actually in the...
Yeah, they were doing all of the press conferences.
So Spike had a thing going already. Lately, they've been more of a gaming network than G4 was.
G4 kind of tried to branch out a bit of like trying to do the whole geek thing,
and like, you know, oh, hey, here's some quirky stuff about movies,
and it was just, it wasn't working. I don't know.
But I think Spike's all right. They've got, and it's kind of funny,
you know, if they're going to be shifting to this like kind of guy channel thing,
that's kind of what Spike's already doing right now, sort of.
I mean, they're not really doing the GQ stuff.
They're kind of taking more of the lowbrow route to that kind of, you know,
shows with big-titted women and, you know, stuff like that.
You know, Thousand Ways to Die or action movies.
The thing that I found surprising, however, amongst all this,
is that with the cancellation of these two shows,
that means there is one show on all of television cable that is about video games,
and it's that show that Jeff Keighley has on Spike TV where, you know,
have some Doritos and Mountain Dew with your game trailers TV.
Yes, exactly. You have some Doritos and Mountain Dew with your game trailers.
But it kind of surprised me because, you know,
I thought video games were supposed to be like the modern version of movies or music,
you know, some new art form.
And we have tons of shows about movies and TV shows and music.
Entertainment Tonight, Access Hollywood.
Who watches Entertainment Tonight and Access Hollywood?
Old people.
People that are old.
Grandma.
That don't know how to use the internet or just don't care to watch the internet.
But not to say that that's necessarily a bad thing.
And they could have shows like that because, I mean, hell,
there's people that work that have locked down internet at work
or they're working like some place that doesn't have internet
or that's open and they can look at this stuff.
And then they can get kind of like a quick feed of, you know,
what's coming out and, you know, what the news is and stuff.
But unfortunately, the gaming demographic,
a lot of those people are just like internet crazy.
And so the news travels a lot faster on the internet
than obviously these shows can pick up on.
But it doesn't mean that they can fail.
I mean, a lot of these shows, if they have,
and this is kind of the whole thing with game trailers, TV is,
they make a lot of news because they get a lot of exclusive interviews
and exclusive trailers and stuff like that.
You're like you're going to see it first on that show
before you, you know, see it on the internet.
That's where the key is to running a successful kind of
entertainment business, at least as far gaming stuff.
I mean, look at Game Informer, same thing there.
That's how they were able to kind of, other than, you know,
coming free with, you know, subscribing to GameStop's card.
But a lot of their stuff is, you know,
they leverage these interviews and exclusives and stuff.
And so they're the kind of the source of news.
And I also have to say their magazine actually is pretty well designed.
Let me go to the chat room because of course we are the show
where every gamer has a voice.
And sometimes those voices want to, you know,
set us on a different path here at live.vognetwork.com.
Black Wolf wants to point out that Electric Playground
and Judgment Day are still around.
You might know Judgment Day as reviews on the run.
Electric Playground is in syndication.
A lot of ABC affiliates on the weekends right now.
So I guess for me to say that Game Trailers TV is the only video game show
left on all of television is a falsity.
So sorry for that.
I guess you could say on all cable because syndication doesn't really hit cable.
What would syndicated Electric Playground have anything to offer?
Like I don't really give a shit about a review of Halo 2 or something like that.
Well, I would say it's the equivalent of Ebert and Roper.
Although I don't even think that exists anymore.
But at the movies or whatever they call that.
You know, what's the point of that show?
It's reviews on movies.
So why not have a show that's review on games?
I get it.
I don't think it's any different than the Roper or Ebert stuff
from five years ago.
So that's the niche it's filling I assume.
TigerConChat says, old people watch those shows.
Young people, they watch things like TMZ.com for all the entertainment news and gossip.
TMZ is kind of trash though.
You know what I do?
I look at your Facebook.
Here's what I want to know.
What's happening to...
Oh, Black Wolf thinks...
Oh, I didn't get this.
Black Wolf thinks that you missed the point that these are new episodes.
These are not syndicated old stuff from G4.
These are new episodes.
But it's like Baywatch was a syndicated show when it was new and all that.
So these are new things.
Sorry about that.
I didn't catch that.
I thought you meant to say Halo 4.
Well, if it's new stuff, then that's alright.
Yeah, it's new stuff.
I remember watching Electric Playground.
Tommy Tallarico is still doing that stuff?
I believe so.
I think it's still him and that other guy.
Victor... Victor...
They're kind of annoying.
But I do respect Tommy Tallarico.
But yeah, one of them was really annoying.
I just can't remember who.
I don't think it was Tommy Tallarico.
Well, you know, but then the same thing.
Some people think Ebert was annoying or Roper.
I don't know.
I'm sure a lot of people think I'm annoying.
Yeah, that's right.
Let's see.
What else is going to bring up?
Oh, the TMZ.com bit.
TMZ is kind of a trash thing, though.
I mean, let's be real.
All TMZ runs is trash.
And it's the type of stuff that, you know, gets posted on Facebook.
Like, oh my God, Lindsay Lohan with the intervention.
Da da da da da da.
I'm surprised.
Real quick.
What?
What the fuck is up with her playing Liz Taylor?
I was just about to ask, so where is our trashy gossip site about video games?
Who is the Perez Hilton of video games?
But then Jamie has to go and open her mouth and say that.
So I'm thinking maybe it's us.
We just saw Victoria post about it.
We can be your trashy gossip site.
It made me cry.
There's just not enough gossip in the game industry.
It's just, you know, we can make up speculative rumors about things,
but I don't think there's really anything like that.
No one cares about, like, gossip.
Just they like rumors.
What are you talking about?
Nobody in video games cares about gossip.
Are you high?
That is all people ever talk about is gossip.
No, they talk about rumors.
Okay, that's the same thing.
Where did Cliffy B go?
That's gossip.
Cliffy B went to Nintendo.
I have a friend who's on-
Cliffy B went to go bang his wife, okay?
That's where he went.
The Wii U is causing all this turmoil within Nintendo and blah blah blah blah.
That's gossip.
What do you mean the video game?
The video game press thrives on gossip.
Yeah, but it's not like celebrity gossip.
I mean, I'm saying that you can't, there's not as much content out there for,
I mean, celebrity gossip, there's people stalking every celebrity out there.
Someone's gonna fuck up, you know, once a day or at least once an hour.
So are you saying that there's no celebrity in the video games industry?
Not big enough.
So why did we just talk about how Reggie Fils-Aime looks like a wax figure?
There is two celebrities within video games, absolutely.
So let's start stalking him and find out how Reggie Fils-Aime double parked today.
Woo hoo!
No, there's a difference between the A-list of standard celebrity, you know what I mean?
And then there's a difference between the A-list of geek celebrity,
where we might care more about, like, say, what Wil Wheaton put on his blog,
because honestly, he's a really good blogger.
How many of us can really give a shit about Lindsay Lohan?
I'm not raising my hand.
She was in Mean Girls, and that is one of the best movies ever.
But my point, you know, who cares how many more kids, you know, Brangelina adopted?
Don't give a shit. They can afford it good.
Let them raise all those damn children.
Don't care.
But I do care, you know, if, oh, well, so-and-so developer left whatever, you know, company,
and that means no more of this, or he's gonna be, that's shit we care about.
You know, and that, and we do care about D-list celebrities like Kathy Griffin.
I think you're right, though, about the nerd celebrity thing.
Like, and I'm reminded yesterday, this is a big deal for Understation Live.
Jessica from Understation Live, Iguana girl, she got her question read by Felicia Day in some live chat,
and basically had this reaction, you know, because, you know, Felicia Day is pretty cool.
And like, even, you know, the geeks on her friends list were all going,
but you know there's people on her friends list that aren't in the whole geeks culture.
Look at that and go, who?
Well, you know, I've met some famous people before, and I was just like, oh, hi, how's it going?
And I completely geeked out when Wil Wheaton answered a question on Twitter.
I completely geeked out when I met wrestlers back when I was into wrestling.
And I had my moment earlier this year because I told everybody I knew that I got to shake Latrice Royale's hand,
and like, you know, I met Latrice Royale and she was gorgeous and all that, and everybody's like, who?
And I'm like, it's a drag queen, hang my head in shame.
Or my autograph from Kondo Koji or the other Koji, Igarashi.
Remember the picture that you took of me with him at E3?
I do.
I was like, and first of all, he was pretty floored that my horrible Japanese came across, you know, understandably,
but still it was, it was, and you know, running into Kojima three years in a row, literally.
Stan in our chat room says everybody's, or excuse me, everyone's idea of a celebrity is different.
That's a very, that's a very good point because I really got to address this topic carefully
because I really don't want to sound like I have ego.
But I was very humbled and thankful that when I went to PAX East a couple of years ago, I did have people that like came up to me.
And like, I had like a group of people that just came up to me and was like, are you Rob?
You're Rob from Los Angeles, aren't you?
And I was like, oh yeah, I am. Hi, you know.
There was some random guy at John's Incredibly Crappy Pizza, you know, who wanted to talk to us.
Which is, and I was like, oh my God, that's like, it was like as much of an OMG moment for me as it was for you, I'm sure.
Or it's like, you know, I'm like, oh, people like actually do listen to this show.
It's kind of a humbling moment. It's pretty awesome.
So anyhow, Stan in chat says I made Latrice Royale in PlayStation Home.
Got a lot of weird looks. Actually, you should just tell him to eat it.
I'll tell you when it was Miss Freaky for me was when I went to Alabama a few years ago.
And they were doing attorney in Biloxi. I think it was in Biloxi.
No, it was. It was. Yeah, I think it was in Biloxi.
But anyway, I showed up for some DDR tournament on a fifth mix machine.
And because it was their new fifth mix, they were all happy and we'd had it for a while.
But, you know, it was all cool. And they're like, you're here.
You said you'd be here and you're here. And I was like, hi, everybody.
Nice to me. And then I went to like some 2DX party on a widescreen TV and had to play Karaoke Revolution.
And it was pretty fun. But I mean, it's at the same time, though, it's I prefer it more when it leads to making friends with people.
No one cares about. I'm sorry, Loki. But you're a shut in, too. You don't go out as much as Jamie and I do.
True. You know what? Our listeners are my kind of people. Most everybody else in the universe.
I'm like, don't touch don't don't touch me. Don't talk to me. Our listeners.
I'm like, OK, you're allowed to touch me on the arm. All right.
Dave Falcon in our chat room says, I met the nature boy, Rick Flair, in a bathroom in a bar in Tampa.
And I asked him for his autograph. I hope he didn't do that when he was paying, because that's a little awkward.
Like there's there's time to talk to people. Sign it with your urine. I have his DNA.
That reminds me of this scene from Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, about Abba. Never mind. Never mind.
Let's move on with the news. The ESRB, the entertainment rating board, entertainment software rating board.
They are trying to streamline the release of downloadable games, doing a new rating service that is targeted for Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, eShop, WiiWare and Windows 8.
This service is no cost. So that's a big like, oh, incentive for people to use this, because, you know, there's a lot of indie developers and people that don't have very big budgets making games for these platforms.
So this is a no cost service. What the deal is, you do an online questionnaire and through this questionnaire, you basically self identify the adult content.
What's interesting about this, the questionnaire will also rate a game in terms of what is shared.
So there's some new content descriptors in the game that will indicate that the game shares information, shares location or interacts with users.
That's pretty awesome. I've got to say, actually, I love this idea. Even it's like me. I love the fact that I will know exactly which games are going to want to share my location.
Can we see that those ratings on Facebook? I with what they're sharing.
I don't see why it wouldn't work if Facebook games were willing to put it on their Facebook, the website.
Oh, yeah, we should rate Facebook, the website. But that's that's another rating sport that will have to do that.
Apparently, this is very similar to what PlayStation mobile games already have going forward on the rating system.
Some are saying that could have been inspired by that. So very cool.
I love that it's no cost. Let's just hope everybody's honest in those questionnaires.
I'm almost positive there will be a story in the near future about a game that is missing one of these labels that should have had it.
But we'll see. It's an interesting step forward for now. So I can't see how this is a bad idea.
Looking forward to it. Dark Soccer, what do you have for us? It's new.
You know what that means? More Bimani. So, yeah, Konami has announced that the newest DDR game is just called Dance Dance Revolution.
And they haven't put a whole bunch of details about it, but they're doing their first location test at Tokyo Leisure Land.
Is that next Friday? I think it is. It's already already happened. Yeah.
So, yeah, there's a location test page and everything up now, but is it supposed to do all of its updates of the Internet?
Yes, some of the tweets were indicating that like that.
I guess they're calling it Dance Dance Revolution because they're not envisioning that there will ever be a second mix or a third mix.
There's just going to be one mix that can be constantly updated. Yeah.
Actually, there's a quote on here from So In Love about future DDR series.
I talked with Uson and they named this version as just DDR because they will update it, but no new versions.
And I think that's an Engrish-y post, but still. So they say now.
Well, you guys were all longtime DDR fans. That's the game that brought us together.
So obviously, I'm sure we all have opinions on this. Loki, what do you think about a new DDR?
I think it's stupid. And I mean, they tried the same thing with the console version and we saw how well that worked out.
It tanked and they said, oh, but we're going to provide lots of DLC for it.
They provide some DLC and then it's done. Nothing.
You get the game dirt cheap now and there's no DLC support for it.
So, yeah, I see that totally happening with this where they're going to have some DLC for it.
And here's what I want to know is if they're going to constantly update this game, then how are they going to sell new games?
They just don't want to make profit off it anymore or they're going to sell DLC to arcades.
So you're gonna have some arcades that have these extra songs and some arcades that don't have these extra songs or.
I think that's how it would have to work, a selling DLC to the arcade.
I kind of think it's a great idea. But remember, this is Japan. This is not something that's being tested here.
This is a very Japanese centric thing. And for a Japanese arcade where you have karaoke boos that, you know, have their own songs and what have you.
I could actually see this really working. And yes, I think it would give arcades some identity.
They tried it with Tekken, I want to say, was one of the games that they're going to have DLC for that arcades are going to pay for or something like that.
The problem is, though, is like it was so they basically kind of excludes all of the other territories other than Japan because a lot of these can't connect to emus.
So they're going to be stuck with basically the default song list, which may not be a bad thing, but it's just kind of what's the incentive?
You put out things that aren't specifically Japan licensed for that first release, but all the DLC will have Japan only licenses.
You know, that's what I see happening.
Jamie, what do you think about a reboot of DDR?
Why not? I mean, really, I'm kind of like, but I'll play it.
I mean, I always play the new stuff when it comes out, but I kind of hit a point where I stopped caring.
I'm good for them. I hope it works.
Let's be honest. They've rebooted DDR like four or five times already.
I honestly think Konami doesn't understand what makes DDR good.
And so, you know, with Extreme, they remember we're starting all over again.
And then they had Supernova, and that was kind of another reboot.
And then they have the X series, which is kind of a reboot.
They did three games into that, and now they're rebooting it again.
I mean, it's like, do you guys not know what fucking makes these games good?
Is that it? You're just kind of like, well, we're just going to draw straws here until we figure out why this is selling, you know, or why people are playing it or not playing it.
They had a strong formula for a while, and people were excited, and then they changed it.
Which I think that that might have been, you know, because, I mean, keep in mind, how long have the guitar freaks in Dramania still been going on?
How popular is pop and music still? Pop and music is way popular.
And just because they've kept their formula. They haven't kept trying to redesign it. They haven't tried to reinvent it.
And that's what I think the problem they're doing with DDR is that they've gotten away from, they're trying to make it edgy, trying to keep it new, but really it's that quirky classic that people like.
I'm kind of with Jamie on this. I'm like, you know, and I've said this for years when we were mostly music-based, is I said, you know, DDR really does need to reinvent itself.
And I don't think any of these other, I don't think Supernova or X really were a reinvention whatsoever. None of it really did anything to push the franchise forward.
So I'm a little bit hopeful that if they have to go back and put in this infrastructure to support DLC for arcades and all that, maybe they're going to approach other ideas for the game as well.
Like something to make it a little more competitive or some of this new stuff.
I mean, I think a creative reboot would be a great idea, but I don't know if that's really what we're getting with this game, but kind of like Jamie's saying with her point, it's better than nothing.
I'm like, well, sure. Why not? What the hell?
But this whole stance of like, well, we just don't see it. We don't see us making another DDR game. So you're giving up is what you're saying is where you're going to support it with songs.
And if people are interested in the songs and cool, you'll keep releasing them. But let's put it this way. If they're not charging for that DLC, then what's the real incentive for them to do it anyways?
I mean, because they're not helping themselves. I mean, they're not going to sell any more games.
If they are charging for DLC, then it all comes down to how much is this stuff costing? Because obviously in an arcade machine, we're not talking like $5 song DLC.
We're talking probably like, you know, a couple hundred dollars or, you know, whatever for these songs.
And if arcade owners back there, you know, if that's going to be worth it to them, because adding a few songs to machine might not necessarily get more people playing.
I mean, sure. It'll be like, oh, hey, there's new songs unlocked. That was kind of the case with Max 2 and Max and stuff where it's like, oh, man, we unlocked a new song. Let's come on down, play this new song. It was really cool.
And it kind of got people wanting to play it because they're working towards unlocking something. And now the way they have it is where it's just like, oh, you get a code and it unlocks something.
And then now, you know, it's basically all on this stuff. And then now they're going to have this instead of it being a code, they're going to push an update.
This is sort of what I was talking about a lot earlier with Tekken 3. Because people, when Tekken 3 came out, I worked at a Namco arcade and we had people always coming in saying, how many more matches until we unlock somebody?
You know, even though I think they were all on a date cycle, you know, who's the next person? Well, in Japan, they got this person. We must be different here, which they ended up being different.
And, you know, that worked for DDR where you would unlock things. And I really wish that they would go back to something like that. I mean, if they're going to do DLC updates, it just still be unlockable stuff.
You know, to keep that excitement, to keep people feeling like there's a sense of achievement that it's a community wide effort.
That was always the best part about Max 2 was that community part. So I'm all for that. I will withhold judgment until I actually get to play it, which may not be anytime soon if recent DDR releases are any sign, but I hope for the best.
What else can I say? Let's move on with news. Loki.
Yeah. So let's see. Let's talk a little bit about the Wii U. And honestly, this news doesn't surprise me at all.
So the rumor is that the Wii U is not going to launch with all the features on the system. Kind of sound a little familiar with Nintendo's kind of M.O.
Apparently they're seeing right now that the features, including Miiverse and the near field communication, that they won't be on the actual system. You're going to have to download Miiverse in order to actually have it, which kind of seems a little odd to me.
Wasn't that supposed to be what you see when you turn on your Wii U?
Yeah.
That's weird.
And I guess, you know, obviously later on, they're going to add some other support and stuff for multiple game pads and that kind of thing, which makes no sense right now because no games use it.
But and even the near field communication stuff doesn't really make any sense to have that right now because nothing uses it.
But Miiverse is a little weird that that wouldn't be on the actual console because I don't know.
They're saying that it won't be it's possible that it won't be available at launch because considering third parties can't access it right now.
So hold on. Let me let me get this straight.
How are they going to have any games incorporated?
Exactly. Let me get this straight here.
So they have this thing that's supposed to tie into these games, but no games can tie into it.
In fact, it's kind of funny if that's true, because third party games can access it.
The one of the big games that they showed this whole Miiverse thing was with Zombie U.
So that was all bullshit that they were kind of pushing our way.
I mean, I don't know.
I think it's kind of retarded that you have a Nintendo system launch without like all the features in there.
Like, remember the 3DS?
Where was the Web browser?
Oh, it didn't come out until months after.
It's like, what?
I mean, you're selling me this broken piece of shit that you're going to patch in the stuff later on.
Why don't you delay the release a little bit and have some actual, you know, have it done?
Why bother pushing this out when stuff isn't done yet?
Or I don't know.
This is a main feature of the console and you haven't fucking finished it yet.
It's not that complicated of a piece of software.
But it is all rumor.
It's all rumor.
I mean, Miiverse could be also one of those things that they're going to, quote unquote, patch in day one.
Like, it could be one of those things that they're really working right up to the last minute.
I mean, I'm totally theorizing just throwing it out there.
Miiverse is one thing, but the other stuff you're talking about?
Okay, near field communication.
Big deal if that's not there.
The whole dual Wii U.
No, that I don't expect to be.
We know that's not there anyway.
So, I mean, I do like, I have to say, as much as this opinion may not be popular,
there's been other Nintendo stuff in the past where they slowly unraveled things.
Like, I seem to remember the original DS and the whole, like, downloading demos and all this.
That wasn't there when the system first launched.
That was something that came up later.
And the whole internet connectivity.
And it was like, that feature was just waiting in your DS the whole time to be enabled.
So if there's stuff like that that we don't yet know about that's kind of hiding and waiting in the Wii U,
that's kind of cool, I guess.
No, it's not cool because a system, a modern day system should have the ability to play demos.
Just like the Wii, you know, oh hey, we're gonna have an internet browser.
And it didn't fucking come out until later on.
And then they're, oh, well, we're gonna do this.
We're gonna have this internet browser come out now.
And, oh, maybe later on we'll have a way that you can store things, you know,
on your SD memory card instead of just backing up your saves on it.
Or, oh, I don't know, how about we just, you know, have a feature now where you can download digital copies of the games.
I mean, they're so far behind.
I mean, all these other companies have been doing this for a long time.
And it's just like they push it out to their customers like, oh, look at what Nintendo's doing.
We're offering demos of games.
And everyone's like, fuck yeah, that's amazing.
This is awfully new technology.
It's like, no, it's been fucking done for years now.
They were doing demos on the PlayStation 1.
And yet, for some reason, Nintendo's unable to give you a demo of anything.
I think Nintendo's big thing is that they've been trying to avoid anything that's going to damage,
not necessarily their reputation or their brand, but avoid ways for pirating,
avoid ways for region outsourcing, not outsourcing is not the word I'm thinking of,
but going outside the region, avoiding incidents for online chat.
They're really, really trying, I think, way too hard to preserve their brand.
And they're sacrificing a lot of the options that people have come to expect from a modern-day gaming system
for the sake of that little neurosis, I guess.
Well, let me get into this next story because it's almost right up the same alley of what we've been talking about here.
And this really caught wildfire all over the internet because Origin, the ever-popular EA service,
updated their privacy policy.
And this has a lot of people wondering, how exactly does Origin play into the Wii U?
Because in the new policy, it says, quote,
By signing up to play EA's titles, you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA.
Information transfer to EA includes your Mii information, email address, Nintendo Network ID,
friends list, country, language, and date of birth.
So this seems to confirm that Origin will be a part of how you're going to play EA games on Wii U.
But my thought is, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Because before we start saying, oh my god, it's going to be Origin on the Wii U, which would be dreadful news indeed.
If I were to see that Origin logo pop up on the Wii U, I'd be like, it's over.
Nintendo did not convince me, they understand online, this is done, I'm done.
But, hold on a minute, because EA and your Origin account, they also interact with your Xbox 360 account and your PlayStation 3 account.
And your Wii.
Oh, and your original Wii, that's right, they do.
And all of that kind of interfaces in that EA console when you go on there.
So, I mean, like, hopefully this isn't much different.
I don't think it's any different.
Especially like, okay, maybe it just wants the Wii information, so put your little picture on the Origin account or whatever.
But I don't think that's a huge deal.
Some other people are learning out of this.
Make sure you haven't done penis face.
Yeah, to also draw out of this, the Nintendo Network ID is seemingly telling, that's a huge part of it, that where's the friend code.
So maybe they finally are doing some type of universal ID.
Is that an ID name that I get to pick, or is that a Nintendo Network ID number?
I don't know, we shall soon see.
So, of course, all the big blogs reaching out to Nintendo for comment, but they're not saying anything right now.
I wouldn't panic, I don't think this means it's Origin on Wii U, at least I hope not, because Origin is terrible.
And it will be a terrible thing for the Wii U.
If that happens.
They would never do that.
Like, I would not buy Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U if it has the Origin tie-in, there's literally no point.
Well, it's definitely gonna have Origin, Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U will have Origin, but, yeah.
But in what capacity? I mean, on the Xbox 360, you don't see it.
It's just like the Xbox 360.
Okay, that's fine then, because what it's doing, it's talking to Origin's servers to get your galaxy information and get some of that stuff,
and update your stuff on the EA social BioWare site or whatever.
That's fine, because the connectivity isn't happening through Origin.
But if on the Wii U, the connectivity is happening through Origin, that's gonna be a huge problem for me, because it stinks.
It's horrible. I mean, I never had a problem with Mass Effect 2, even though it registered all my stuff on Origin.
I still played it through Steam.
Well, technically I played it on its own because I bought it on Amazon.
But I ran it through Steam.
I never had a problem. It wouldn't connect to the servers right when I loaded it up, but I could log in.
I'm not even getting the option anymore with my Mass Effect 3.
Which, if it was the patch, I'm just saying.
But I think Origin has something to do with it too, even though I'm connecting just fine through Origin.
So, they just need to get their shit together.
Alright, well, unfortunately these are things we just aren't gonna know until the Wii U actually comes out.
So, meanwhile, more news. Dark Sakura.
Well, hopefully something better than freaking Origin.
How about Super Mario 64?
Sixteen years, this game, since this game has come out.
My husband and I used to play a crap ton of it.
Well, now there is a PC mod for Super Mario 64 that lets you play co-op online.
It was modded by Skelux? S-K-E-L-U-X?
At least it wasn't Skelux.
Seriously.
Because then the Mario theme would be...
And then it would be dial-up noise, the game.
But it's Super Mario Star Road, which is a site dedicated to Mario 64 mods.
But this one keeps the level design and everything, but makes it co-op.
You're not playing as Luigi, though, however.
You're playing as sort of a recolored Mario.
I mean...
Luigi.
But it's not like the taller...
It's like a gray Mario, gray and red Mario.
So, kind of like a palette swap.
But hey, it's cool.
I actually want to check this out.
Oh god, Tigerclaw in our chat room is telling me,
Rob, it's been done.
No! No!
It's the internet. Of course it's been done.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
and some video games that are coming to a store near you,
hopefully with less dubstep.
Well, we've got a few games coming out this week since we're in the fourth quarter.
So, let's start off.
They're doing some re-releases of stuff.
They have the Namco Museum DS and Pac-Man World 3 bundled together on one DS cart.
So, that's coming out.
Also Tekken 6 and Soul Calibur IV are bundled together on PS3 and Xbox 360.
We've got Assassin's Creed III on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and on PC.
Thundercats on the Nintendo DS.
Transformers...
Wow.
Hey, it's probably based off the new Thundercats series,
which is probably not that good.
Thundercat... or Thundercats.
Transformers Prime, the game on the Wii, the DS and the 3DS.
Also Nike Plus Connect training on Xbox 360.
Need for Speed Most Wanted on PS3, Xbox 360 and the Vita.
That's kind of cool.
Maybe a Vita game I can actually play.
Myst on the 3DS.
Moshi Monsters Moshlings Theme Park on DS and 3DS.
Toy Story Mania on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Those are kind of HD redos of the Wii game that came out.
The Trash Pack on DS and 3DS.
Zone of the Enders HD Collection on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Let's see, moving on here.
We've got the Rockstar Games Collection Edition 1 on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Includes Red Dead Redemption, Midnight Club Los Angeles,
the Grand Theft Auto episodes from Liberty City and L.A. Noire for 60 bucks.
That's not a bad deal.
Bratz Fashion Boutique on DS and 3DS.
And WWE 13 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and the Wii.
Lala Loopsie Carnival of Friends on DS and 3DS.
Winx Club Magical Fairy Party on Nintendo DS.
Wreck-It Ralph on Wii 3DS and DS.
And let's see here.
Marvel Avengers Battle for Earth on Xbox 360 for Kinect.
And then, oddly enough, only the portable versions of LEGO Lord of the Rings this week on the DS, the 3DS, and the Vita.
And Need for Speed, most...
Or, I didn't mean Need for Speed.
I think that might be it.
Oh, and a PC version of LEGO Lord of the Rings this week as well.
Oh, Assassin's Creed 3 Liberation on the Vita.
Can't forget that one. That's actually supposed to be pretty good.
Smartass on the Vita and Ragnarok Odyssey on the Vita as well.
So that's it for this week, I believe.
Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out some of the releases over there.
On November 1st, Medal of Honor Warfighter on the Xbox 360 and NBA 2K13 gets its Japanese release also on the 360.
Going to the PlayStation 3, Dead Island, Zombie of the Year Edition, Medal of Honor Warfighter on NBA 2K13.
Okami Zekke Kaiban, this is the HD remaster of Okami, is finally out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
And Tales of... Are you supposed to say Zilia or Shilia? Because it's an X.
Exilia? I think it's Tales of Shilia.
I think it could be Zilia.
Zilia? Alright, whatever. Tales of Zilia 2 is out this week.
And there's even a version that comes with a new DualShock controller and all this stuff.
I think Xylophone, Rob.
All these different little limited editions coming with that, so that's pretty exciting.
That must be a major holiday release in Japan.
Nothing on the Vita this week, really.
And just checking the 3DS real quick to see if we have anything there.
A black Nintendo 3DS XL and then one that has Monster Hunter 3G as well.
Oh, World Soccer Winning 11, 2013. There you go, soccer games.
That's it for Japanese releases, Dark Sakura.
Ah, I just dropped my yarn.
Oh, noes.
Hold on.
As I had the list up.
Coming out on the 30th, we have Assassin's Creed 3 Liberation for Vita.
Sorry if I sound weird, I just took a cough drop.
31st, Assassin's Creed 3 for 360 and PlayStation 3.
Sports Champions 2 for PS3.
And now I have to move on to November's dates.
Stupid thing.
November.
On the 1st, we have WWE 13 for a number of systems.
On the 2nd, Football Manager 2013, Just Dance 4, Need for Speed Most Wanted, Nike Plus Connect Training, Silent Hill Book of Memories.
That's it.
Alrighty.
Just a few more news stories for you guys, then the classic game of the week.
What did Dark Sakura pick this week?
Find out after two more stories.
Loki.
Well, it's unfortunate that we have to report on more closures and layoffs.
But Zynga has laid off 5% of their workforce.
Kind of a restructuring that they're doing.
They let go roughly 3200 employees.
And with that, they've closed Zynga's Boston studio.
And also, the studios in Japan and UK are being kind of slated for shutdowns soon.
Also, the Austin office, they've laid off quite a few people there.
And they've also shut down, I guess, 13 of their older games.
And what they quote, significantly reducing their investment in The Ville.
Probably a good thing being since, you know, they're being sued by EA for The Ville.
So, it sounds like the outlook on that is not too favorable.
That's kind of disappointing.
You know what Dan told me?
He said that their stock right now is lower than Radio Shack.
Ouch!
Yeah, that's pretty bad.
Alright. I got one more story for you too.
By the way, that was shady that they did that during the whole Apple conference.
Like, a lot of people assumed that was intentional.
Maybe it really wasn't.
Just to give Zynga what little shred of doubt I can,
maybe that actually wasn't intentional that they did it during the Apple conference.
Because seriously, how are you going to hide something like that?
You think the internet wouldn't notice?
Come on.
I think it was just a coincidence. I really do.
But it really didn't make them look good, that's for sure.
Windows 8 came out this week.
I don't know how many of you guys are excited about Windows 8.
Can I quote a movie?
What?
Whoopty shit.
Well, you know, I don't know. I'm trying to judge my Facebook.
Some people went and got it the day it came out and they're actually really excited about it.
Like, they're really enjoying it.
So, I don't know.
I'm going to give it a couple months before that whole super sale's done at the end of January to see if it's something I really need.
But, I bet you're dying to know.
What about the games?
What are the games that come with Windows 8?
Well, let's tell you about the new games with Windows 8.
Microsoft Solitaire Collection is one of the games in Windows 8.
Which, of course, it's Windows that's got to have Solitaire, right?
Remember, these all have achievements and stuff, too.
There's, like, Klondike Solitaire and Pyramid and, you know, all the stuff you'd be used to.
Minesweeper is back in Windows 8.
But, here's the crazy part.
Minesweeper now has an adventure mode.
What?
No one, Kerr.
Look at the screenshot.
It's like little explorer dude going through the cave.
Yep.
Hey, you know what?
As much as you say no one, Kerr, I got to say it looks better.
Mr. Driller did it better.
Whatever.
Other games within Windows 8.
Microsoft Mahjong, which I think they've kind of been including ever since, you know, Shanghai.
The old PC game was popular.
I love Mahjong.
Wordament is a new game.
And this is your basic, like, boggle clone.
There's a lot of word games like this that exist there.
The game also exists on Windows Phone 7, just so you know.
Tap Tiles is another game that's included in Windows 8.
And lastly, a game called Adara.
It's kind of got like a little story that goes with it.
A stone and sorcery magic type game, but it's more like a puzzler.
Don't get like a, you know, I don't know.
But, yeah, it's like a very simple type of adventure game.
So, that's another free Windows 8 game.
So, there you go.
We've come a long way since the days of just good old Solitaire with the bouncing card when you finish, right?
You know what, Rob?
The moment that you said that, my brain instantly went to like a Virginia Slims ad.
How so?
With like gamers, you know, sitting around making shit faces at, you know, Windows 8.
And it has, you've come a long way, baby.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, work.
Alright, let's travel back to when Solitaire was all you got.
A classic time in gaming's past.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to open up the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you, listen, classic game, play, now.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is Panzer Dragoon, which I thought that I had done it before, but I had done Saga or RPG as we got it.
Or as, I'm sorry, as it came out in Japan.
So, Panzer Dragoon is a rail shooter by Team Andromeda.
It came out on the Saturn in 1995.
And then later on, there were other versions for PC, PS2.
And it came as a bonus in Panzer Dragoon order on Xbox.
So, you basically play as Kael Fluge, who is unnamed in the US version.
And basically, you just go through and you shoot stuff.
But the game's freaking gorgeous.
I mean, people gave the Saturn shit for its 3D, and yeah, it didn't do 3D as good as the Playstation did.
It was built originally as a 2D machine, but this game really illustrated what you could do with the Saturn.
So basically, you have machines and monsters as your enemies.
And it's sort of like a post-apocalyptic fantasy world.
So you have to go through, you've got the different boss battles that actually pause the game before the boss battles.
And then you have X and Y axis that you can move across on for those boss battles.
But basically, you can look all the way around.
I mean, your enemies are coming from everywhere, but you're still on rails.
So you've got two weapons. You have a handgun.
And then you have a homing laser that your dragon fires.
It has six levels, each one about five minutes.
And then there's a boss battle.
And the sixth, though, is a special boss battle.
I have to say that, just going back into this one.
Now, I played a little bit of it, but you know how I get with certain games.
I'm with Emotionsick. This is one that made me Emotionsick.
However, since this was a Sega game, of course it was out on the Saturn.
It started off, though, as a different project.
And they said that they were trying to develop a shoot-em-up game.
And it eventually evolved into Panzer and Dragoon.
So, yeah, pretty awesome game.
But they were under a big time frame for actually developing it.
And the original name of the game was actually Kikuryu, which is armored dragon.
But they wanted to pick something that sounded a little bit more exciting.
So they picked a German name, Panzer and Dragoon.
And there you go.
That's it?
That's it.
What a pretty game, though, especially for its time.
That's a gorgeous game.
Well, it was actually named the best Saturn game of 1995 by EGM.
RIP.
And this game also sold well enough that they could do Panzer and Dragoon's V.
Which, of course, is keeping with that German naming.
It was also one up, give it a retro review of 8 out of 10.
So, not bad.
Alright.
There it is, Panzer and Dragoon, your classic game of the week.
Good pick, DarkSakura. Good pick.
Well, thank Dan.
Alright, good pick, Dan. Good pick.
Alright.
I was like, what should I pick?
You can bring Dan back to the show. We have a fourth mic now.
Thanks to the kind, benevolent people at Pod Culture.
If you have Dan all the time, then it's not special.
You must like my life. I mean, wait.
Alright.
That's going to do it for part A.
But don't go anywhere. We have a very busy part B when we come back.
We're going to do some rapid fire news.
The Fugu question of the week and listless.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, October the 28th of 2012,
with the 479th episode of our show.
Getting into part B and we'll be doing some rapid fire news
and the Fugu question of the week and a special listless tonight.
But first, we have some breaking news to start off part B.
Breaking news.
The eighth annual podcast award nominees are in at podcastawards.com.
And we got nominated!
Orange Lounge Radio is a nominee for Best Gaming.
And there's ten shows in the gaming category,
including a couple that also got some bigger nominations
for People's Choice and Best Produced.
So it's going to be some big competition this year.
And unfortunately, kind of on the downside,
a lot of these are corpcasts this year.
I soon remember last year it was all indie podcasts.
And there are some indie podcasts in this list.
Like, I recognize Gamertag Radio is a great show.
Minecraft Me, I think, is indie.
I don't know where some of the...
I imagine The Independent Characters is one, too.
So there's some other good shows in the air.
So we want one of the indies to win.
Obviously, we would really like it very much if it's us.
A specific indie to win.
Yes, we very much want this specific indie to win.
However, if we can't, we really hope one of the indies takes it.
So good luck to the indies in here.
As far as the corpcast goes, you're going down.
So podcastworks.com.
Power to the people, yo. Power to people.
The Daily Voting, and I don't know all of those shows,
so I apologize if you are an indie show and I did not name you specifically.
I will do more research before voting opens on November 1st,
is when the voting opens.
So there you go.
We will be trying to whore for your votes like crazy come November 1st,
because we are going to need them.
And you can vote every day.
Yes, you can vote every day.
So we will be reminding you every day. So please help.
Remember, we don't ask for money.
We don't ask for, you know, subscriptions.
We don't have a plus feed or something that you pay extra money to get.
All we want, we want your votes to help us spread the word.
I'm not saying that, you know, obviously we want legit votes,
but they do allow one vote per email address.
Tigerclaw in chat says, Rob, aren't you torn that Horde House did not get nominated?
Actually, it's much easier this way,
because then I only have to champion for one show to get votes,
because that would be weird if the other show had gotten nominated.
I did notice it was interesting that the instance wasn't nominated,
because I know they've been nominated almost every year,
so maybe they didn't go for it this year. I don't know.
Also, Four Player Podcast, they've had the lock on this thing for, like,
three, four years, because they have a huge fan community, and they're very rabid.
They were not eligible this year.
That's why they're not nominated, because they won the biggest of the big awards last year,
and there's some weird rules.
So, they'll be back next year, guaranteed,
so if there's any year we actually stand a chance in hell to win,
it's going to be this year, so please throw us your votes come November 1st.
There you go.
And, unfortunately, I also have to say this,
no other VOG show nominated. I looked.
I was a little depressed, because I know I nominated some,
but I guess it was just a lot of competition or what have you,
and we were whoring the nominations quite a bit,
so hopefully we were able to catch some eyes there.
But we're going to do our best to represent VOG and try to win it for us.
Like the whores we are.
So, there you go.
Thank you guys very much for helping that happen.
I really, really, really appreciate it, and lots of celebratory stuff in chat right now.
I appreciate it.
A City Vampire says,
Will you pay me to vote for you?
We'll pay you in hugs and kisses.
We are not like the presidential nominees, hello?
We don't pay people for our votes?
Taiki says,
Fuck the podcast awards after irreligiosophy got snubbed twice.
Well, you know, I've kind of had some give and take feelings about the podcast awards,
because let's be real, it is a huge popularity contest.
However, it's great promotion.
I'm not going to lie, it's great promotion, so we've got to do the best we can.
So there you go.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news, some quick gaming news for you guys.
Loki, start us off.
So if you like collectible figures, there's going to be some new vinyl figures coming out from Funko Pop.
They've got some Halo 4 figures, very chibi looking.
They've got Cortana, and it looks like Master Chief.
And a couple other of the Spartans, they've got a red Spartan and a blue Spartan.
So those should be coming soon.
I'd get a red one, but make him purple so it could be Donut.
Or pink.
Yes, that'd be pretty cool.
And I'm sure you could, you know, paint your own Spartan if you want to.
But I believe those are going to be available soon if they're not already available.
I mean, they've got to be probably available now since Halo comes out in a week.
So, man, it's already a week? Crazy.
Oh yeah, that's right, because it's election day that it comes out. Crazy.
Wow, election days are right around the corner.
And then all this bullshit will be over.
Where is my melee?
I got mine.
I got mine like two weeks ago.
Okay, so Team Fortress 2, they're doing some fun stuff for Halloween.
Of course, Scream Fortress is coming back.
And what would come with your staple Halloween thing?
Why, of course, zombies. Zombies would come.
And they've got different events going on, including haunted King of the Hill matches.
Also, they've got, I guess, a game, or was it, Bombinup Con?
And some wizards and stuff. It's all, of course, you know, Halloween themed.
And they're going to have a brand new man versus machine mission called Wave 666.
Which will have undead robot enemies.
So, neat. And I'm sure there's some unique cats to be had there, because why wouldn't they have unique cats?
And then, not to be outdone by Just Dance 4, but Dance Central 3 will also be getting Gangnam Style as well.
And that should be coming pretty soon.
Also, call me maybe.
Uh oh, Loki. Uh oh. You know what you said, didn't you? You said it.
It came on my radio, I said last week.
It's like Pee Wee's Playhouse. Whenever somebody says the secret word, you just have to start, you just have to get down.
I love that gif that's out there, by the way, of the football player that's getting down doing the Gangnam Style dance.
They're seeing other artists that are going to be coming soon.
Justin Bieber, One Direction, LMFAO, and um, yeah, that's all they've mentioned so far.
Did you hear about the hacking of Justin Bieber's Twitter?
That was fucked up. Oh my god. That was so fucked up. I am sorry.
That was amazing.
It's one of those things you're laughing at and then you're like, oh my god, I'm going to hell for laughing at this because this is terrible.
Alright, repeat it for those that may not have heard.
So I think it was Fortran people that did it hacked Justin Bieber's Twitter and posted that he had cancer and was going bald from his treatments.
So all these girls started shaving their head and posting little signs that said bald for Bieber.
That is messed up. That's hilarious.
Just goes to show the whole, you know, sheep thing, you know?
That's hilarious. And then they're probably disappointed when he's not really dying from cancer.
Alright, let's move on.
Going to news about the Commodore 64. Yeah, you heard me. Commodore 64.
Super Crate Box is a game that's been out there and it's turned 2 this past week and they did a free iOS version to celebrate.
However, what's awesome, they're doing a game called Super Bread Box that's going to be an adaptation of the game on the Commodore 64
by the guys who did C64 Cannibalt.
So there's already a YouTube out there. This is going to be available, they say, in early December.
Check out that awesome soundtrack.
God, the C64 was so great.
Flamethrower.
Every game needs a flamethrower.
A brand new website launched this week that has a lot of people excited.
Polygon.com finally officially launched this week.
And it's notable because there's a lot of game journalists, like people that were big on Joystiq before and Kotaku before and some other websites,
that kind of all came together to form this website.
And I saw a lot of people on Twitter that were kind of spazzing about the website launching.
And, you know, it's a nice looking website.
I don't know. Jamie, have you seen this website at all yet?
How do you feel about their design choices on this website?
Because I actually didn't, I mean, I like the writing, and that's the important part.
So I want to get that clear.
It is really easy to read, but I like when it scrolls to a point and that, is that Skeletor?
Yes. Here's what I don't, I don't like these images that suddenly take up the whole horizontal, intermixed with these vertical things.
That's the one thing I really don't like.
The other problem with that being too is that you're going to deal with different resolutions and this is clearly optimized for max resolution.
So it's not going to work for everybody.
Right. The mobile site's really good looking though. I will say that.
So congrats to them for finally starting this, but I am going to say one little thing.
I am going to dog on this here because, you know, we do that.
I don't get the whole documentary and making of stuff.
That, that's a little too much ego for me.
A little smug.
It is a little smug. It's very smug.
And I, you know, all these little documentaries about the launching of the website and the making of the website.
No one gives a fuck except for you.
That shit should be organic.
That's, I mean, this feels like forced and it makes me not want to like your website.
Like to be, I'm just being perfectly honest.
Now I do like the writing and I like, you know, a lot of the people that are there and ultimately that wins out.
But I got to say all that self-serving bullshit is kind of unnecessary.
That'd be like hosting an awards ceremony where you're going to award yourself for being so awesome.
I mean, I'm sure that's right around the corner.
Polygon's awards for Polygon.
The, the others.
And realize that we just told people to please go vote for us in an online award ceremony, but I'm sorry.
Yeah, but I don't have a fucking documentary about, yeah, like let me start a new website.
I'm going to create a documentary about starting said website.
The, but really to go back to this though, is that their design, I like, I like consistency.
You have to have consistency with a good website and with it switching back and forth, you're really not giving it enough consistency.
Plus you're, you know, you're sacrificing memory for people who may not be optimized to use your, uh, your site.
I prefer it to keep a constant format.
I like the large splash image up at the top and then the site going into it.
I like the three column your, uh, point of view.
I just think that you need to pick a style and stick with it.
Um, but at the end of the day, of course the writing is the most important and they do have some really interesting in-depth articles.
Writing doesn't do anything if you can't find shit.
Snap.
All right.
Uh, let's move on to one other quick thing I want to get out here.
Uh, Jason, one of our, um, co-hosts, we sometimes have a guest host here on the show and our lovely webmaster of orange-on-street.com wanted me to plug this.
And to this I say, but of course.
Uh, how many of you are fans of the website GitHub?
GitHub's a pretty awesome site for, um, developers, programmers, and, and basically nerds.
Let's be, let's be honest.
It's a super nerd site.
Well, uh, GitHub is going to be doing a game jam of their very own.
Uh, there you have the entire month of November to create a web-based game and it's got to be loosely built around one of these themes.
Forking, that's forking like a spoon or a fork, or forks.
Branching or branches.
Cloning or clones.
Pushing or pulling.
What do we mean loosely based?
They mean loosely based.
Like, you could do a first person shooter where you throw forks and so on and so on.
Some of the prizes.
Shiny new iPads with retina displays.
Ooh, ah.
Uh, GitHub swag and so forth.
And, you know, featuring on the GitHub blog, which considering that this is a pretty popular website with nerds is, uh, probably reward enough in itself.
And, uh, some, also some, uh, FaceTime in front of some pretty, uh, great judges here.
You have the CEO of Garage Games, co-founder of Lost Decade Games, et cetera, et cetera.
So, uh, check that out.
It's called the Game Off and it's, uh, featured at github.com.
I know you said Game Off, but for a moment I thought you said Game Moth.
I was thinking of this little moth with big rainbow wings flying around to, uh, Abba.
So.
Awesome.
All right. Well, that's all I have.
Dark Soccer, what's up next for you?
I have more stuff.
And a voice that's failing.
Um, Dark Souls Prepare to Die Edition is coming out for PC for 1990.
Um, it has Warp Zones.
Yeah, Warp Zones.
Then, um, there is a, uh, uh, nine minutes of footage up for the Mass Effect 3 prequel,
uh, which is, uh, Paragon Lost, which I think I'm like the only Mass Effect fan that's really excited about this.
So I don't know.
I'm going to check it out.
It's Vega. It's about Vega.
But, oh, hi, Marco.
Um, so, uh, you've got Freddie Prinze Jr., you know, playing Vega with his, you know, not very good, you know, Spanish.
That's loco.
Um, but it should be, uh, the actual DVD and Blu-ray will be out on December 28th in the US.
Although there is not a date, um, on, uh, for the UK yet.
Give it time.
So, yeah, you can find the footage out.
And then, um, there is a, uh, Halloween bundle, um, from Indie Royale.
Um, it has, uh, Sam and Max, The Devil's Playhouse, the full season.
It has a home.
It has Pathologic, um, McGuffin's Curse, and Evil Quest.
And if you, uh, pay over $8, you also receive, um, a flak or MP3 copy of C. Jeff's, um, chiptune album, um, Presh Tale.
So there it goes.
You know, I was hoping that McGuffin's Curse, I kind of read that as McGruff's Curse.
I know.
Take a bite out of crime.
It's a, it's a noir, a film noir game starring McGruff, a crime dog.
Whatever happened to McGruff, the crime dog?
I think he got replaced with something more hip and young.
Cause, you know.
Dude, McGruff was cool.
What could be more hip than McGruff?
I don't understand.
Uh, I don't know.
1981.
Let me take a look at this.
Good lord.
Look at this. I love you, YouTube. Here we go.
You know what I think? I think you forgot to lock your door.
A lot of people do that. They forget.
That's too bad because all crime needs is a chance.
Don't give it the chance.
It's my job to teach you to protect yourselves.
Make it your job to learn.
Write to Box 6600 Rockville, Maryland.
Oh, and one more thing.
Lock your door and take a bite out of crime.
I don't understand, like, that was a commercial on TV.
Lock your damn door.
When I was a little kid, we actually didn't lock our doors that much.
I guess that's true. Growing up, you know, and it was different times.
And especially if you lived somewhere a little more rural, there's still a lot of places like that.
I didn't live somewhere rural. I lived in the suburbs.
But there's a lot of places still like that.
That they don't lock their doors at night.
And, you know, McGruff would like you to take a bite out of crime.
Oh my god, they had the drinking and driving commercial on there with the two beer mugs.
That was awesome.
That used to be my favorite commercial because it was like breaking noises and beer.
They had a McGruff the crime dog monster truck.
Rama in chat says, I remember when McGruff the crime dog came to my elementary school.
Did he take a bite out of the principal?
Stan says he was fired when they found a dead prostitute in McGruff's car.
Oh, well, that answers everything. Thank you.
It's always the dead prostitutes.
They find themselves everywhere.
God, they ruin everything. Damn those dead prostitutes.
Alright, let's take a bite out of the Fugal Question of the Week.
Why, you take Facebook and you take Google Plus and you sandwich them together and you get Fugal.
It's the Fugal Question of the Week.
And, you know, with all the hurricane stuff going on in the world,
they have me thinking about storms, knocking out the power and all this.
So, the Fugal Question of the Week, available at facebook.com slash orange launch radio and our Google Plus community is,
tell us a story about a time when game over came too soon.
In other words, have you ever had an experience where you were really into playing a video game
and then suddenly the power went out, the internet went out,
a parent came in and turned off the system while you were playing.
How did you react?
Alright, well, I'll get to the host in a minute.
Yeah, something just popped into my head.
Let's start with act-deaf.
I remember one night when playing Outrun on XBLA on Bobby Blackwell's Friday night gaming show.
I got the game on the last minute and got into the last race of the show.
I was kicking ass when suddenly my connection dropped.
I seriously was pissed as hell, especially since I was bragging how good I was at racing games
to have that happen in the middle of a live stream.
That's what you get for talking all that smack.
Alright, let's see.
Panaxium answers the question.
It says, for me, it was Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles.
I was trying to beat that obnoxious final boss for over an hour.
When I was finally about to beat the damn thing, my dad gracefully trips over the GameCube cables,
yanking the power out of it.
I remember doing Evader-style, no!
He looked at the blank screen a few seconds, then turned to me with a big dorky grin and said,
sorry, I'm prone to power trips.
That was horrible.
That was some punishment for the show.
And Panaxium ends it with, thank you so much for that, dad.
I'm prone to power trips.
Let's see.
Going to Facebook to get some of the questions here.
Let's see.
Brandon H. answered the question and said,
just unlocked everything in Guitar Hero 3,
then in the middle of saving the power went out and then it came back on,
Red Ring of Death and Corrupted Saves.
That was a really bad day, to have your machine Red Ring of Death on top of the power failure
and corrupt your saves.
That sucks.
Let's see.
Joe G. answers on Facebook and says,
oh, excuse me, I used the wrong name.
So you have to put it at the beginning or I might miss it.
Haseo Sumeruagawa says,
I was playing Borderlands.
I was on Mad Moxie's Underdome Riot and I was playing the last arena there
and was about three quarters of the way through
and I had finished all other quests from the games and Zombie Island is rolling.
I died, got booted out and I played the whole thing offline, mind you,
so when I died I was shit out of luck
and what the fuck did the autosave and power flipped off,
corrupting the save data and I think people in Texas heard me yelling obscenities.
Burr replies,
Growing up I always remember getting kicked off the computer mid-game
because my mom wanted me to take a break and go outside.
I always end up spending my time away from the game thinking about what was going to happen next
and it would continue on to the next day during school.
You can physically separate a gamer from their drug, but you can't keep it out of their mind.
James S. replied and said,
When I was about six years old I was playing Yoshi's Cookie on the original Game Boy.
That game was awesome, just saying.
I love that game on the SNES.
You're marked that for a classic game some week because I love Yoshi's Cookie.
Out of frustration on a high level I proceeded to rage
and I slammed the Game Boy against my head, causing the screen to shatter instantly.
Keep in mind I was six. I've never been so mortified yet satisfied in my entire life.
Ouch. Have you ever, like, has your rage ever broken something that was like several hundred dollars like that?
Dan, back in the day, would break controllers.
And one time he took a controller back, he bought a new controller and then returned the controller,
except he returned the broken controller.
I think it was like a Saturn controller.
Wow.
Ronnie B. answered and said,
When I first moved to where I am now the breakers would trip every day,
often erasing hours of my Civ progress on the 360.
I also hate when broken games, often downloadable games, glitch so badly the only option is to restart
due to locked menus, stuck cameras, or whatever.
SSJ100Matt with an arcade answer. I like this.
Back when I used to play a lot of Initial D in the arcade during my college years,
I once lost my entire record and stats for my main car in the game.
I was in the process of transferring my data from Initial D2 to Initial D3 and the machine errored out
and my card got jammed inside the machine.
Since my Initial D2 card was already voided because of the transfer, I lost everything.
Several months worth of work on my main car was gone forever.
Needless to say I was frustrated, but after it happened I quit playing Initial D.
All the work that went into building that one car and then losing it got rid of my inspiration and drive,
pun intended,
to play the game anymore then.
Let's see, I'm going to do one more answer here.
Hitstun says,
A few months ago I was at KDB in Columbus and saw a couple of guys playing the Tekken 6 machine.
They finished their match, I asked if I could play winner and they let me join in.
At the character select screen I put in my card with my character on it and the cabinet froze.
The other guy was not too pleased and he asked,
Did you do that on purpose? Why did you have to end my game?
I felt terrible. Maybe my card got corrupted somehow and I just ended a good play session between friends.
Eventually I had them follow me to go track down an attendant so we could both get refunds.
The Tekken 6 cabinet eventually rebooted but neither of us went back to play it again.
Those are some good answers and I didn't read everything, I apologize,
but go check out the rest of the answers at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio or our Google Plus community.
Let's go around the room and see if anybody has things to share.
Dark Soccer, I know you said you had something.
When I was in high school my little brother Matthew got hit by a car.
He was six and that night basically I got dropped off at the mall with my best friend Jennifer.
We went to the movies, we went to the arcade because basically there's like here's some money.
I ended up getting in on a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game in the arcade.
This was the first time I'd ever played a full four player game.
They had me on Leonardo so I was like okay he's kind of cool.
We got all the way to the end of the game, had just got the last hit, and they shut off the machines.
We were all like noooooo! It was pretty bad.
Loki, can you think of a story? I have one while you're thinking.
I don't have a lot of good ones but do you know how old NES is?
He had to blow on the cartridge to get him to work and then sometimes the game would just spontaneously reset.
Like right in the middle. Yeah, that happened to us the night my friend and I decided to play Super Mario Bros. 3 from start to finish with no warping.
Around like world six or seven. Like if something hit the ground too hard, which I think is what happened, I think we dropped something on the ground.
And it just threw everything off balance enough so it was like, reset!
Noooooo! Everything was ruined and we gave up and moved on. Loki?
I don't really have anything that I remember as far as power outages and stuff like that.
The only thing I can remember is that I was making a pretty awesome level or game in ZZT.
And I had it backed up to a floppy disk and then the whole thing got corrupted.
And all that work, it was like a month worth of work and it was just gone.
What happened to me on The Sims House?
Can we take a moment to remind our listeners of the mutual love we have for the game ZZT?
I wish there was something like that again.
There's still Megazooks that's still out there.
Do they still make stuff for ZZT?
Megazooks, yes.
Oh, right.
The new one.
That's amazing.
Anyway, sorry Dark Sakura. He said the magic word.
I one time spent four hours working on The Sims House and forgot to save and then the power went out.
We should have a VOG ZZT contest.
I've thought about it. I seriously have.
You and I would be the only ones that would enter.
Yeah, unfortunately.
You know what? Prove me wrong.
If there's interest in a ZZT VOG contest, email the show and tell us you're interested and you'd participate.
And we will put something together.
Alright.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys and then we're going to get to listless tonight.
But first, Loki.
So, the PS3's been hacked again.
Sort of.
Basically what happened was a hacker group called the Three Musketeers finally released the level zero keys.
And not necessarily the way to get those keys themselves, but the keys will be useful as far as decrypting new firmwares that come out.
And basically re-encrypting them in the 355 keys to run on hacked consoles.
So, really there's no way to block that.
They did kind of, if I remember correctly, they updated the keys on certain PS3's and stuff now where they use like the 0.2 keys or something.
They're slightly different.
So, I think that's why it has to run on the 355 firmwares because anything newer doesn't use those keys anymore.
But, you know, for compatibility's sake they need to have everything, you know, use those keys at some point or something.
I don't know.
Honestly, it's been so long since I've looked into the hacking stuff.
It's, I don't know.
But, apparently, this is supposed to be un-patchable as far as they can keep using this exploit to forever have custom firmwares on PS3 and run, you know, new games and stuff like that.
So, that's kind of interesting.
But, we'll have to see, you know, if that's actually going to happen.
But, as of right now, they haven't really released any new firmwares.
Although, I have to really, I have to double check that because I think, I want to say I saw something about a custom firmware 4.3 come out.
Let me see here.
Debug firmware 4.25 has been leaked.
Let's see here.
What's this?
Homebrew for custom firmware 4.21.
Update the DMCA.
So, what does this really mean? Is this going to be like rampant piracy on the PS3 now?
No more than it already is. It just means that they're going to keep, they're going to be able to keep doing it.
Gotcha.
Alrighty.
Well, I think you'd have to, I would say you have to have, I think, a firmware that's like 355 or lower.
Which, I don't remember what mine is right now because I haven't updated in a long time.
So, I don't think I'm 355. I think I'm newer than that.
But, you know, if you have an older firmware then that means that you'll be able to, you know, they'll translate the old ones so that they can run like a custom firmware on those.
Or based off those.
Well, you know the old saying we have on the show, hackers gonna hack.
And, but at least no personal information stolen, right? It's not that kind of hack?
Not that kind of hack.
Okay, because like, you know, a lot of people were, I think there's some misinformation out there because people were saying, did it get hacked again?
Like, oh my gosh, PlayStation got hacked again?
So, it's not that kind of hack, right?
Yes.
Alright.
Well, I'm going to get into another story here on a completely different note.
This is something that has me very excited and I want to see if this is something maybe a few of you out there can recognize by the music, which I love the soundtrack to this game.
Anyone recognize this?
Actually, if you played this game as much as I did, you probably heard this song a lot more.
It's the music from Shadowgate on the NES, but of course Shadowgate existed on some of the early Apple platforms as well.
And they did a version of it on Game Boy Color, right?
Well, get this, Shadowgate is being reimagined and it has a Kickstarter behind it to get it funded.
This is a reimagining of the point and click adventure classic Shadowgate.
The original Mac release was in 1987.
Dave Marsh and Carl Roloffs, I apologize if I'm mispronouncing that.
Dave Marsh and Carl Roloffs, they worked on the original Shadowgate with Icom Simulations 25 years ago.
They've started this new company.
They bought the rights to the old Shadowgate game and Uninvited and Deja Vu apparently.
And also got the rights to the 8-bit soundtrack, which apparently was done by somebody completely different.
It was done by a Japanese guy who, I guess maybe in the port of the games over the NES, maybe it was done there.
So if you listen to the trailer for Shadowgate, it has a newer version of that music, which is awesome.
Let me see if I can play a little bit of this for you.
But yeah, they're doing a Kickstarter for this.
It's going to be redesigned puzzles and an expanded storyline, but most of the plot devices from the original game will still be there.
And like in the trailer, you can definitely see the room with the lake, like you used to put the orb in the lake to freeze it.
And you can see the room with the dragon breathing fire at the other end, so there's all of that in there.
So very, very cool that they're doing this.
They are seeking $120,000 to do versions for PC, Mac, iOS, and Android.
You can do $10 right now to get a DRM-free, and they're really emphasizing that, a DRM-free download when the game comes out.
They are projecting 2013 November for that, so it is going to be a bit of a wait.
But I will say this, this is only the second Kickstarter ever that I've given money to.
I did donate to this Kickstarter because I really like Shadowgate, and I liked those old Icom games, so I'm really excited about this.
I will say this though, I only have so much money. I couldn't do the $130,000 or more, but that did sound really cool.
An original Shadowgate card game. That would have been kind of cool, but a little bit out of my price range personally.
But I'm sure there's people already, it's already up to $41,000.
There's that sound again. Let me fast forward. I want to do this part of the trailer here.
So you can tell they're totally ready to do this, which is pretty awesome. There's the Wraith. I remember that from one scene.
So you definitely see stuff from the whole game.
The artwork is gorgeous.
Oh yeah.
I would pay for this just for the artwork.
Yeah, it's gorgeous. ZOJOY is the name of the company that is putting this together, that these guys started.
So good luck to them, and obviously as a fan of these games since I was a kid, I hope they do it. I really want it. Very cool.
Let's move on with some more news. One more story, and then we're going to get to Listless tonight. Dark Sakura.
Oh, I do have another story, don't I?
Yes, ma'am.
Well, how about the game Waking Mars? This one is an iOS ecological puzzle adventure game.
It's actually going to be coming out to PC, Mac, Linux, and Android on November 6th.
It's a revamped version done by Tiger Style Games, and this is going to have high def with voice acting throughout the game and be just a great big step up from the iOS version.
But I mean, this is what was really interesting to me is that they specifically listed Linux among the platforms, which I think is great Linux getting more attention.
And of course, a lot of people kind of giving Mars attention with the whole curiosity and all that, right?
Well, there is that too. But this is a game that I kind of had my eye on to play for a little while, and I just never went back for it.
Excuse me, sorry. But it's a game that was supposed to have really shown off just how great iOS could be programmed.
And I think I'm definitely going to play this on PC.
Sounds good. You have to tell me how it is. I'm waiting for your review before I check it out.
Okay.
All right. All right. Let's get to that time, folks. It is time to bring this segment back. It's been forever since we've done it. It is time to play Listless.
If you've never heard Listless before, what we're going to do tonight is we are going to create the definitive list, the definitive answer.
This is a highly scientific process, the definitive list around a topic. Here's how it'll work, and I'll tell you the topic in a minute.
There's going to be four of us playing tonight. We're going to have a special guest join us here.
So everybody help me welcome to the show or welcome back to the show, Alan.
Hey.
How you doing, Alan?
Good.
All right. So Alan is going to be playing Listless with us tonight.
The four of us will give our top three answers. That's going to leave us a list of 12.
Then we're going to go around the room and each eliminate one answer.
It's a really tough thing we got to do, but it's part of the process.
That's going to leave us with a list of eight.
And then those of you in the chat room will vote on those final eight answers and help us come up with our definitive list of the top three answers to this topic.
Here it is.
Earlier in the show, we talked about that G4 is losing its last bit of video game programming and that it will no longer be a video game network.
And most of us have thrown up our hands and said, I'm done. I'm out. Later.
Nice knowing you, G4.
So tonight's Listless topic, the TV show that would make me watch G4 again.
It could be an existing show. It could be a new show. It could be anything you want.
The show that would make me watch G4 again.
If you want to give your suggestions in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com in case an answer should get duplicated or, you know, sometimes we just like the chat answers better than our own.
Make your suggestions in the chat room and we will read some of our favorite answers from chat.
So again, TV show that would make me watch G4 again.
All right, let's go around and start building the list.
So we will start with Loki tonight.
Loki, what is your number three answer for a show that would make you watch G4 again?
The brand new Iron Chef series that they're doing, the Japanese Iron Chef, but translated in English.
All right. Now, to be fair, the Food Network probably has a lock on this show, but...
Not yet.
Oh, not yet.
Well, I mean, it hasn't started yet, so...
All right, that's a pretty serious answer.
I want new Japanese Iron Chef.
All right, new Japanese Iron Chef. There you go.
Let's go to Dark Sakura, your number three answer.
Show that would get you to watch G4 again.
Well, first of all, I never actually watched it, but I would go for Real Housewives Disney edition, like on SNL.
So like an actual version of that sketch from SNL, the Real Housewives of Disney.
Yeah.
That's a good suggestion. I like that.
All right, my number three answer tonight, and I see people saying this in chat right now, so chat and I are on the same page.
My number three answer is Starcade 2, Electric Boogaloo.
Yes.
Where the contestants who don't do well at the games will actually get electrified.
Starcade 2, Electric Boogaloo.
I was going to say Nick Arcade, but that wouldn't make sense, because it's Nick Arcade.
All right, so so far we have new Japanese Iron Chef, Real Housewives of Disney, and Starcade 2, Electric Boogaloo.
Alan, what would be the number three answer for show that would get you to watch G4 again?
A documentary special. We're responsible for Olivia Munn, and we're very, very sorry.
A five-hour apology special.
Good answer. I'm going to shorten that a little bit to Olivia Munn apology special.
Now, that would only be one movie, unfortunately, or a miniseries. It could be like a miniseries.
And what things about Olivia Munn should be apologized for?
Have you seen her face?
Wow, that's cold. You are cold.
All right, so so far we have new Japanese Iron Chef, Real Housewives of Disney, Starcade 2, Electric Boogaloo, and Olivia Munn apology special.
Deanna Allers, look at her and go, girl, you need to check yourself.
All right, Loki, what is your number two pick for the list?
The screensavers.
So just bring back the frickin' screensavers.
That would give me the watch. That network, yeah.
Just exactly the way it was. Don't fucking put new people in it.
Like Leo Laporte, Alex Albrecht.
Everybody that was in there. Do it the same way you did it.
Kevin Rose, Dig Didn't Work Out So Well, Get Him Back Too.
All right, there you go.
Dark Sakura, your number two answer.
My number two answer is Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling.
Because Glow was awesome.
You want Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling.
I was addicted to Glow when I was a kid. It was a good show.
Oh, this was an old show?
Back in the day, I had Godiva, the woman who wore the skin colored body suit with flowers all over it.
And Mount Fuji.
Hated it.
Glow was awesome.
My mom used to let me stay up until 1am and watch UHF and see the Glow show.
So I might have to vote for that.
Don't you mean USA? Wasn't UHF like the Weird Al movie?
UHF was a weird movie based off of the alternative band of TV radio that had channels on it, yeah.
All right, all right.
My number two answer tonight for a show that would make me watch G4 again.
The Days of our Citadel, the Mass Effect soap opera.
There you go. Days of our Citadel, the Mass Effect soap opera.
You mean the shitadel?
I can't believe, Dark Sakura, I do not have your support on a Mass Effect soap opera.
What is up with that?
I would watch it.
There you go, see? You would watch it.
Extra garis.
All right.
If Nickelodeon could have 15 as a soap opera, we can have Days of our Citadel.
All right, Alan, your number two answer for the list.
How not to market something special?
35-year-old nerds. They're loaded, they're loyal, they're distracted.
Wait, you need to explain this one a little bit while I figure out how to shorten the answer.
What would this show be?
The whole basis of the G4 channel model.
Let's appeal to adult geek, because they have money.
They play video games.
We're going to put shows on TV that they'll want to watch.
They still buy lots of video games each year, and they're not watching this yet.
We're confused.
I shortened that to 35-year-old nerd special. Does that work?
By the way, you and I turn 35 next year. I just want to point that out.
There's something sad?
What?
My brother, Phillip, yesterday turned 30.
Well, on the 26th, sorry. The other day.
All right, so, so far, we have on the list new Japanese Iron Chef, Real Housewives of Disney,
Starrcade 2 Electric Boogaloo, Olivia Munn Apology Special, The Screen Savers,
Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling, Days of our Citadel Mass Effect soap opera, and 35-year-old nerd special.
It is time. The number one answer.
The number one thing that would most make you watch G4.
Loki.
Well, I mean, if they're going to compete with Spike, then really there's only one choice,
and that is big-breasted bikini car wash.
And how exactly would big-breasted bikini car wash be a show?
It's just women washing cars and sudsing up each other with large breasts.
And would Loki get to be a special correspondent that motorboats the boobies?
I'll be the host. I'll be doing the play-by-play.
Nelly will get to motorboat the boobies.
I would love-
Or you can just have me, like, you know, in the beginning of each episode,
I'll drive up the car, honk the horn, kind of smile at the camera, and-
I would love you and your wife to host a show,
because your wife would just walk up to the ladies and be like,
how did you let your boobies get so big?
You have really big areolas.
All right. Dark software.
No, no, no. That's just- that's just shameful.
I mean, they're not going to be topless.
I mean, that could be- that could be the whole web series, but, you know.
The unrated Blu-ray.
I'm finding topless car wash, too, but, you know.
All right, big breasts.
I guess it doesn't say- well, they could start off with bikinis.
All right, really. But then we're getting the Playboy content there.
We don't want to infringe on the other rights.
I'm surprised you didn't do World Series of strip poker.
That's where I thought you'd be going. All right.
No one wants to watch poker.
Dark Sakura.
Depends on who's doing the pokin'.
Dark Sakura, your number one answer.
I would actually watch the Angry Video Game Nerd TV show.
If they did one.
Because I love watching the Angry Video Game Nerd.
So you think it's-
I love watching his movie specials.
You think it's time for the Angry Video Game Nerd to cross over?
I think it's time.
From YouTubes to cable.
I almost said ScrewAttack.
But, I think the Angry Video Game Nerd would be more marketable.
Okay, there you go.
Let's see, my number one answer.
And this is big, you guys.
Every single one of you know.
That if this show was on G4, you'd be clicked.
I am there.
My number one answer is Loki's Cosplay Challenge.
I don't understand what that is.
Who am I challenging?
You would basically go around to different anime conventions
and interview people that are cosplay.
And then the viewers would pick their favorite cosplay.
And then the challenge would be that you have to imitate it.
Yeah.
I don't think I'd watch that.
Loki's-
I would.
Alright, Loki's Cosplay Challenge.
Alright, lastly but not leastly.
Certainly not leastly.
Alan, your number one answer for a show that would get you to watch G4 again.
I'm gonna preface this response by saying that I used to watch
tech TV back here in the beginning when Adam Sessler, the host, extended play
out in front of the Metreon.
He's very cute. I'm sorry.
My number one answer is Adam Sessler and Kevin Pereira present
Black Boxer Reef Boner Boxing, a Gaynard telethon to please, please come out of the closet.
I just shortened it to Adam and Kevin Black Boner Boxing.
It works, right?
Alright, even though there was something about boxer briefs.
I don't know.
Adam and Kevin Black Boner Boxing works for me.
Alright, so here it is.
The list as it stands right now.
The 12 on the list.
New Japanese Iron Chef, Real Housewives of Disney,
Starrcade 2 Electric Boogaloo, Olivia Munn Apology Special,
The Screensavers, Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling,
Days of our Citadel, The Mass Effect Soap,
35-Year-Old Nerd Special, Big-Breasted Bikini Car Wash,
Angry Video Game Nerd TV Show, Loki's Cosplay Challenge,
and Adam and Kevin Black Boner Boxing.
So, unfortunately it is time to go around and take items off the list.
It's part of the process.
It's painful, but science is painful.
Loki, which of these-
Do it for science.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
There's a lot of them, actually.
Sorry, Alan.
Let's do the, uh, let's get rid of the Olivia Munn Apology Special.
It's a one-time special, it's not a-
She is on the Daily Show, she is fucking awful.
They are responsible for her and they need to pay reparations.
They need to pay.
Alright, that's part of the game.
At least he didn't eliminate Black Boner Boxing.
I almost did Loki's Cosplay Challenge.
Alright.
You know, it's for the listeners.
Alright, and Black Wolf would like to point out they did cut her from the Daily Show.
And that's why Jon Stewart is the best person on television.
Alright, the Olivia Munn Apology Special is gone, which makes sense.
There's nothing left to apologize for.
Alright, Dark Sakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Big Breasted Bikini Car Wash.
Because, because, it's so cliche.
I mean, why don't you have Big Breasted Monster Truck driving or something?
Hey, we can have a network based on this.
Big Breasted Entertainment, the BBB.
Alright, my turn to eliminate something.
I am going to eliminate...
Oh, this is hard.
I really hate to do this.
The Dark Sakura, the gorgeous ladies of wrestling's gotta go.
I'm sorry.
You never watched it.
I'm not a wrestling person.
It wasn't just that, it was...
You have UPN for your wrestling needs or whatever.
CW or whatever it is now.
But there's no more glow.
Alright, I'm sorry.
Nothing is like glow.
I'm sorry.
Will you forgive me?
Will you forgive me if Pinkberry is involved?
Yes.
Alright.
Uh, Allen, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Last time I did a list list, I would say that I would be the chat room's voice.
Because I'm infamous for getting rid of the thing that they most want to win.
Like President Cat.
So I'm trying to look at what they don't want to get rid of.
I'm gonna say...
New Japanese Iron Chef.
Because I don't see that mentioned at all.
Alright.
New Japanese Iron Chef.
It is stricken from the list.
Alright, so there it is.
You are left with...
How did 35 year old nerd specials survive?
I don't even understand that one still.
Can you explain that one more time?
We live it.
Don't resent it.
Rob, don't dream it.
Yeah.
Alright, let's see.
Some of the comments from the chat room.
Some of the answers from our chat room that did not make the cut.
Shane kind of was onto something because Shane suggested hot guys playing games in underwear.
And you sort of did do that one, right?
There you go.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says when G4 gets syndicated episodes of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Stan says the late show with GLaDOS.
Taiki says Clippy B's Drag Race.
Virtual Phil says RuPaul's PVP Bloodbath.
A lot of folks, Duke Nukem saying Arena, Portal, Icons.
And the shows that actually were on G4 some time ago.
Alright.
So here it is one more time in chatters.
It is time for you to vote.
Send Rob Roberts a private message with your number one and number two pick.
Here it is.
There it is.
Should it be Black Box or Boner Boxing?
I think Black Boner Boxing.
But Black Boner Boxing sounds better.
It goes back to our reoccurring theme of Big Black Cock.
But remember it's really guys in black boxer briefs wrestling with boners.
What was it?
Adam Sessler and Kevin Pereira's Black Boxer Brief Boner Bonanza.
Alliteration special.
Alright.
Send in your votes.
Please vote now.
Send a private message to Rob Roberts with your number one and your number two pick.
Alright.
And while we do that it is time to go to the mailbag.
Are you going to read these tonight, Dark Soccer?
Or do I need to?
Please do.
My voice is actually going.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeloungeradio.com.
And we pick some of our favorites to read here on air.
Except I haven't pulled up the mailbag yet.
I do have it up so I'll just go ahead and do it.
Wait.
I'm there.
I'm there.
Do you want to do?
Okay.
Never mind.
I'm in it.
Let's see.
Where are we going to start tonight?
Were you going to read all four?
Yeah.
Okay.
I didn't know if you'd screen them or not.
Professional radio, boys and girls.
Let's start with ACHP.
Hey OLR crew.
I decided to check out a new anime called Aoi?
I don't know how to say that word.
Aoi?
Aoi.
It means blue.
Aoi Sekai no Chusen de.
It's touted as being a parody of the old console wars between Nintendo and Sega with gratuitous
fan service.
And as far as I'm concerned, it delivers.
It tells the story of the small country of Sega fighting against Ninteldo for control
of their continent.
It's only on its first episode as of this writing, but so far they've introduced a number
of somewhat easily recognizable, at least by Dark Sakura.
Not sure how massively knowledgeable on classic Sega games Rob and Loki are.
Parody characters.
A blue haired protagonist named Gear who is super speedy and is trying to avenge the death
of his beloved friend Teal.
Okay.
I know Sonic and Tails.
Come on.
Give me some.
Cut me some slack here.
Cut me some slack here.
A purple haired sister Nell who is his emotional support like Nii from Phantasy Star 2.
The general Hermes.
He has colored gems on her necklace.
Maybe a parody of columns.
The rival lieutenant with little angel wings in her hair Opal based on Opa Opa.
Opa Opa Opa Opa.
I love the Opa Opa.
And a genius tactician Tetraloth who loves sticking a long stick into things to fill
holes.
I'll give you three guesses on what that's from.
Pornography.
A picture for the host's benefit.
A little picture there of all the characters.
Okay.
I need to see this.
That is pretty cute actually.
I'm getting this.
I like the little monkey.
It's super dumb and has girls clothes coming off for pretty much no reason.
That's all you need right?
That's classic TV right there.
And the main villain has a giant mustache.
A sword with a mushroom shaped grip.
And he rides a flying dragon.
Seriously.
Look at how dumb he looks.
Uh oh.
Oh it says no hot linking.
What did you do?
Hold on.
I got to copy paste this link because it doesn't like me linking it.
This is great radio when I copy paste.
I'm not going to let you because it's insane.
So this is Ali Sekai no what?
Hit that since it's from the website.
Blue world of what?
Sorry.
Uh.
I don't know.
Ali Sekai no Chushinde.
Huh.
Well I know the first part is blue world of something.
In conclusion I highly recommend this anime because it's super dumb and pandering to people
who like classic games and big boobs.
So I figure it would be perfect for OLR.
Correct.
It is.
That would be correct.
Hope you guys check it out.
Again it's Ali Sekai no Chushinde and you can watch it on Crunchyroll for free.
In the center of the blue world.
Cheers AZHP OLR's premier gold star recipient.
P.S. there shouldn't be any typos or grammatical errors in this email just for Dark Sakura.
Well joke's on you.
I read the email tonight.
It looks like it was made by someone named Anastasia Shostakova.
Hmm.
So.
Yeah I'm going to definitely.
I've seen manga for this I think.
Yeah.
Because yeah the design looks way familiar so yeah.
Alright well it's too bad we didn't hear about that before we were talking about the G4 shows
we'd like to see.
Alright.
Going to our next email which is from Nutman.
I just want to give my condolences to Jamie after losing her cat.
My dog I had for 13 years just passed away recently and it was awful.
We think she had a stroke at some point and she may have had many seizures before we could get her to the vet to be put to sleep.
It was terrible and I wish that they would not have been the last memories I have of her.
It sounds like Shermy.
I butchered the name I'm sure and they did spell it wrong but that's OK they tried.
Went peacefully during the night though.
I could never talk about it on air like you so massive kudos to having the courage to do that.
I think I would tear up.
Jamie did a very good job last week.
Thank you.
I did have a pretty significant sniffle.
Losing a pet and that was not the sinus infection either.
Losing a pet is something that only other pet owners can understand.
I hope you will feel better about this terrible situation soon.
Happy face.
Well it's been about a week and a half now.
And it's funny like last night I was walking back to the bedroom to go to bed.
And I saw a shadow at my feet and my brain instantly went to it's Shermy and stepped over the shadow.
And I was like wait that's not the cat man.
So yeah it's getting slowly better but I still have problems doing laundry actually because that was Shermy's room.
Well a good excuse to make Dan do the laundry.
Seriously.
Alright Redertainment starts this email.
Trainer.
Hello Podcrafters.
Does he have a thing for like Trainer in the Mass Effect games or is this another reference?
I need to know this.
Alright Redertainment wants to know hello Podcrafters.
After seeing Loki's Halloween costume on Twitter.
Which by the way Loki amazing Halloween costume.
Have you worn it yet or is that for work?
Uh it's for work.
This question comes to mind.
What is the weirdest costume you ever wore for Halloween?
Mine is the kigurumi I wore last year.
I might wear it again this year due to it's supreme awesomeness.
Stay care.
Redertainment.
Trainer.
Sent from my iPad.
For the record.
That's um basically the animal pajamas.
Is what those are.
Uh what is the weirdest costume you ever wore for Halloween?
My weirdest costumes have always been for my actual cosplay.
Um.
Uh.
I don't really think I've done anything weird for Halloween.
I did go as a pirate wench.
Which was fun.
Cause I walked around with a whip and just started smacking on my coworkers.
Well and Halloween's about being slutty.
No it wasn't slutty at all.
It was just you know the bodice.
That was about as slutty as it got.
But it was a long skirt and big boots and a whip and my hat.
Uh.
I tried one time to wear.
I was gonna wear my bike in costume one year.
But that would have just been cold.
Alright uh let's see.
Going to the next email.
Oh I'm sorry I want to answer the question too.
The weirdest costume you ever wore for Halloween.
When I was in 8th grade I dressed as a bag lady.
And I got sent to the principal's office because I hit a kid with my purse.
But he had it coming.
He was an asshole.
He was one of those 8th grade bullies.
And he dared to make a comment about my costume.
And so I thwacked him with my purse.
Like a bag lady would do. Right?
He deserved it.
What are you? Oh you're sending one from.
Oh an email?
Oh okay.
Except I'm like full up on messages right now.
So look at that.
Cause I gotta count the votes still.
Oh okay.
Sorry talking behind the scenes. No one could hear any of that anyway.
Jeez.
Alright one more email from Flaco Jones.
He always emails Horde House.
So I'm very happy to hear him crossing over here.
Flaco Jones. Hey OLR.
I haven't heard anyone else on the show bring it up.
And it's getting close to Halloween.
So I thought I'd write in and get my review for
Silent Hill the Haunted House or Maze
as they call it at Universal Studios.
I am glad to hear about this.
Someone mentioned that to me by the way.
Having seen it. Maybe Extover?
Cause he saw it. I don't think it was Extover.
I think it was somebody else. But yeah.
Well anyhow. Since we didn't pony up the money for the front of the line
VIP passes. Huge mistake by the way.
We were only able to try a couple of the mazes.
But the Welcome to Silent Hill maze
was by far the best.
While it was there to mostly promote
the new movie coming out. I really hope it makes
a return next year because we will book a trip
to experience it again in a heartbeat.
Despite the movie promotion angle
it also contained elements of almost all of the
Silent Hill games. Save Shattered Memories
thank goodness. Like Lisa
from Silent Hill 1. All the way to
the Boogeyman Executioner from Silent Hill Downpour.
It also featured appearances
from the nurses and Robbie Bunny as well
as Pyramid Head popping up multiple times
to chase us to the next room. In fact
once we were out and thought we were safe
he made one final appearance and chased
my wife all the way out to the actual exit
of the attraction. She was extremely
frightened being a huge fan of the games
and finally getting to see some of these monsters
in person. They also did a great
job nailing the ambiance of Silent Hill
with the siren off in the distance
as we made our way through the line to the
flashlights and radio static inside the maze
itself. It was a great time and they did
a fantastic job. It better be there
next year because we can't wait to go back.
Happy Halloween Flaco Jones.
Well bad news for Flaco Jones
the movie came in 6th place
at the box office this week.
Not looking good for any
long term memory but then again if they
invested all that money in it
who knows maybe they will bring it back again
next year. That does it for emails
for tonight. Mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us your
emails for a future
week.
Meanwhile it's time to get to the FUs
of the week.
FU to my sinus infection.
I really hate it.
I hate my voice going.
And then my really
uneven haircut.
I mean I like having short
hair but it wasn't stacked
quite right so it's a little uneven in the back.
Yeah I think that's it.
Oh and origin.
EA.
Loki.
FU to my weekly headache.
Oh you have a headache again?
Yep I get them every Sunday.
I don't know where it's from.
Sorry to hear it. Maybe I stay up too late.
Maybe you're allergic to this show.
No it's before I get to the show so
it's not even an answer to the show
it's just get a headache.
Um an FU to not having enough hours
in the day because like I'm really like
we have not had time to go to the grocery store today.
We've been doing so much but
that's alright.
I shouldn't complain about anything.
Yeah you were running around when I got here.
I took a 15 minute nap.
And then I was like where are Loki's stories?
But it all worked out.
In fact Loki has
another story for us before we get to the skype line
at 1877 game OLR
or our username on skype orangeloungeradio
just yet we'll let you know when here in
a moment. But meanwhile uh
Loki. Yes apparently the
Urban Outfitters is selling unlicensed
stuff to the product. Oh my goodness!
What?
How dare they not
license stuff to sell?
And all this like really random stuff
I mean considering the Urban Outfitters is basically
like apparel.
I mean it's kind of not really
something that I would see them selling.
But like they're trying to sell Nintendo 64
controllers USB Nintendo
or Super Nintendo controllers and
like
the Supaboy
portable game console and one of those knock
off Super Nintendo things.
I don't know.
Not really sure why this is news but
we're talking about it.
Well cause it's knock off shit
and it's um at a
major store you know. I don't know.
So everybody sells those stupid knock off game
you know
Super Nintendo Genesis things. I mean all
like the indie game stores sell them.
And Urban Outfitters
that's just weird. That just seems
like Sears
selling something like that. I mean
it's just like who gives a shit
that they're selling that.
Well I'm
gonna go run to Urban Outfitters right now after
the show and check that out.
Just kidding. I'm just kidding.
Alright I got a story
for you guys here. It's about a
favorite game of mine getting an MMO.
But there's a twist to it.
Isn't there always? It's a Civilization
MMO. Yep. Civilization Online
MMO. It's gonna be available
soon in Asia.
Yep. Fire Access
is working with XL Games
a Korean studio that did the game
Lineage. You might have heard of that game. It's like the biggest
MMO in the world. Yes. Bigger than Warcraft.
They're gonna create Civilization
Online. It is an online only
game. It's gonna be in Asian markets
soon. Yeah.
They're doing Civilization Online. They don't say a whole
lot else about it. Just otherwise the partnership
there. Not a lot of news about
what is gonna be in the game or anything
like that. But it's a
little weird to me because Civ V
you can already play online.
So how does an MMO work?
Does it like never stop? Is it
like an endless world that you
can always explore? There's
more things about this I'd like to know. And the other one
is why won't we get a version
in the US? Maybe
E3 they'll announce some type of partnership
to publish it here locally. I hope so.
Cause I'd like to be able to try this you know.
Alright
that's gonna do it for the news tonight
which means it is time to open up
the Skype line. 1877 Game
OLR. Our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio. Give us a call.
We'll talk about whatever you
want to talk about in the news tonight. Or
maybe something else. In the
meantime we'll get to Twitter topics at Twitter.com
slash OLR or
Loki. I don't know if there's anything
you want to add here for last minute stories while we
wait for some calls. Apparently GameStop's opening
GameStop kids stores.
Oh I saw that. Alan posted that link to the
OrangeLoungeRadio Facebook page. Tell us a little
more about this. 80 locations are gonna
specialize in E-rated games
and it's Evil G Junior.
I don't know.
It's like a mall
type store.
Alright we have a call coming in. Let's go to the phones.
Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey how you doing? It's Bobby.
Hey Bobby. Good to hear from you. What's up buddy?
Nothing much. You guys were talking a lot
about G4 earlier. Yes we were.
In fact we dedicated a whole segment
of our show to it tonight.
And I didn't dedicate anything.
I know. What's up with that?
I'm a little conflicted just because
of my past and stuff with G4
and I'm trying to figure out
how I want to say what I want to say.
Okay well for those that don't know
tell us a little bit about what the past
is for you. Okay so
for those that
don't, well I mean obviously we came
from All Games
and Scott Rubin but I had met Scott Rubin
a long time before then.
I met him in 97.
And he was one of the people that started
G4 after his
first incarnation of All Games went away in the
dot com bust. So I
was pretty much right there
at the formation and creation
of G4 as an outsider, as a
volunteer.
Back before
back when we just knew it was
something that a Disney guy
was going to be starting with Comcast.
And that's all we knew about it.
So I was there
when they launched the site in April
of 2002 and the network
didn't go on the air until for a couple months later
I think. And so
I was there and I actually was
the first forum moderator over the G4 forums.
I ran the chat room for
about two years. I was on
the majority of the shows that were on
G4 at some point.
I actually have a VHS tape that's like 30 minutes
long of every single time I was either mentioned or shown.
I never realized that you were actually
on the network at some point. I never realized that.
I was. As I was the
for some of the shows I was
like the backup caller.
Cause they had a talk show G4tv.com
which was hosted by Scott Rubin and
Laura Foy and Tina Wood.
And they taped
they would do a live stream of their taping but since
it was a TV show it was like a five hour taping.
And so we were all kind of in the audience.
And they would take calls.
And sometimes I would be the one who would call in
and I'd work out with the producer what
I talk about. Or I would be
the backup if the guy that they
wanted to call in flaked out.
And so I would have to make up stuff
about games I've never played.
And act as a caller. Like there was one about Splinter Cell
and you know me I would never play Splinter Cell.
Right. But I actually called into the show
once as if you know it was still me.
I mean I wasn't playing a character or anything.
Talking about Splinter Cell.
It's really funny. I do want to
make a minor correction to something you said. Cause you
said we came from all games. Which you know
that was our previous home
prior to this. But you know
we had started elsewhere before.
So we were around on our own Live 365
thing when G4 started. So
we were those viewers out there that was kind of
a little critical and cynical of what was going on
on G4 television. But admittedly
I was also
critical and cynical cause I left.
You know and it was
basically I mean everybody. And it's kind of funny
because my version of G4 is different from
other people's version of G4. Because
I stopped my
involvement with G4 about the same time Scott
did which was after the tech. Right after the tech TV
merger. Because I didn't like the way they handled
it. And to a lot of people when they say
oh G4 they think the screen savers.
They think call for help. They think X-Play.
That wasn't G4.
That was tech TV.
You know the G4 that I remember was
mostly you know like
G4tv.com and Icons and
Cinematech and Pulse and Portal and
and all these games. Arena
and all those
and they were
they had some great ideas. The execution was lacking
just because of budget. But they didn't give
them a chance to actually get the budget.
For any of those shows.
Huh.
I remember Pringles Presents
Yeah. That was cheat.
Pringles presented cheat. But what was interesting
is because I actually did get to meet
most of the hosts from the 2002 to
2004 including the illustrious
Will Wheaton. And they all kind of
knew who I was. Just through
the forum posts and stuff because they interacted
some and I would be the liaison sometimes.
And a lot of them
a lot of the hosts actually did know what they were
talking about with video games. Which was the main complaint
everybody had about the original G4 host.
Is that they didn't know what they were talking about. They were just
reading a teleprompter. Two or three
of them were reading teleprompter and didn't
know. But I could actually have
intelligent conversations with the majority of the hosts
of all the G4 shows about
video games. And that's one thing a lot
of people didn't realize back
before the merger.
Why do you think people didn't get that?
Why do you think that got lost in translation?
Was that over production? Was that
you know and I see
TigerClaus in our chat says the G4
TV.com show was heavily scripted.
The callers couldn't call in and call about whatever
they wanted. Is that because maybe they took some of the
organicness about it out of it?
Yes because they it was
basically it was a video game channel being made
by cable television executives.
So they followed the
cable television model. They didn't know that much about
video games. They just they thought
they knew the way to do it and
that's one of the reasons Scott Rubin left was
because he couldn't get into their head
that they were doing it all wrong.
And they didn't listen to him because all he had done is web
stuff. He didn't know how cable industry
worked. Well right in some ways
the original G4
was kind of like an extension of the
first era of all games right?
Yeah and I mean that's why they brought a
bunch of people from the original all games.
There were four people from the original
all games network that they brought over
flew to move from New York to California
with Scott Rubin.
Laura Foy was from the original all games.
With a lot of the other the non-gaming shows
at pseudo like High Weirdness and stuff with
Judge Cal. But Josh Crane
and Jim Downs also worked with
the with pseudo in the all games network
and they became Josh Crane became
an executive at G4. He's no
longer with them and Jim Downs was a producer
who was also no longer with the network.
So you know none of them
are with the network anymore. But there
were some people that are still there
and I don't know if they're still going to be with the network after
the change or what because they kind of did
more generic stuff with the TV network.
I was going to say is there anybody still at G4
that was there at the very beginning?
Yes there was one guy his name
Derek I'm not going to give his last name but people who
probably from the all games era know who I'm talking about
he is still there. And
he's the only one I really know of that is still there.
Wow.
And he was also kind of from that
pseudo online. He might have been
I don't know if he was flown from New York but I know he was one of
Scott's friends. So let me ask this
I mean you know obviously this news
has you a little conflicted because it is kind of rough
to see the last remnants of
G4 disappearing but these
shows were tech TV
shows that are the last
didn't this all kind of already end five years ago?
I think it all well
G4 to me ended in 2004.
You know and I liked tech TV
too. I watched both networks. I watched the screen
savers every day on tech TV.
And the reason G4 bought you know
well the reason I'll kind of expand
because you read some of my comments. Basically
Paul Allen who was one of the VP's of Microsoft
he bought a lot of things and he's the
guy that started tech TV because he wanted a
cable television network
about technology. He got bored with it.
And said
you know I know you guys are about to pull a profit and pull
high ratings you know tech TV was on the rise.
He's like but I'm bored. And
Comcast is offering money so I want it. And Comcast
wanted tech TV because G4
could not get on direct TV.
They couldn't. Direct TV rejected
them. Said that we don't want your content.
Tech TV was already on
direct TV so
that was their Trojan horse
and so they became G4 tech TV
and this is why they actually did that
because they could not change the type
of network until they renegotiated the contract
with direct TV. So
in order to be broadcast on tech
TV signal they had to retain
tech TV's
type of content. And that's
why they kept the screen savers and kept
some of the other tech TV type stuff
and became G4 tech TV
and then once they renegotiated the contract
they went back to G4.
Interesting.
And it's
funny I told you I was going to tell this story
in chat about
one of my most famous
acts
one of the acts that has shaped cable
television that I did
or at least I claimed to do.
And when I say this story I realized that
at the time I believed
this was true and
to his credit the
other person played along and told me it was
true but looking back I'm pretty
sure that my version of events is a little bit
different than the actual history
but basically back in like
2003 or whatever
Scott was trying to fight the director
of G4tv.com
trying to get him to do some more
hardcore gaming segments that the director who didn't
know anything about video games he knew about cable TV
didn't want to do. And so he really
wanted to hire a production assistant
to kind of give
him help him get leverage over the director
so now it's two voices instead of just one
because G4tv.com really
devolved into what
can we make Laura Foy and Tina Wood do
to appease the teenager
male demographic.
And that's why they did the
challenges that had the
gross
ending to it or whatever
you know the humiliation at the end.
And
in comes chat one day is
somebody that I kind of remember from the old
pseudo days from Shooters which is one of the old
all games network shows. Captain Emmie
and he was sitting there
talking about how he didn't like
where he was. He was working at some public access
station or some real low TV station
and I knew Scott was working for
a production assistant
but Scott actually told me
he didn't want me to come out for it because I wouldn't
get paid enough. But I
told Captain Emmie that
hey Scott's looking for this guy
for a production assistant. He's like
oh no I couldn't ask him for that. I'm like no really
he's looking for
somebody to fill the job.
And Scott comes into chat and I'm like
hey Scott Captain Emmie's looking for a job
and it was oh really.
And
to kind of
tie the story together Captain Emmie was the
screen name for Kevin Pereira.
So I
believed for the longest time and to Kevin's credit
he agreed with me that I got him
his job at G4.
Now the real version is more
like Kevin knew the job was open
he was coming into chat just to see when Scott was
around to talk to him about it. But he
you know he'll
play along and say that I kind of
pointed him in the direction when I think that was the direction
he was going in anyway. I just happened to be in the right place at the right time.
So
yeah in some
ways you can blame me for Kevin even being hired
at G4 in the first place.
Or maybe thank you in the case of Alan
and what he said during the list list segment tonight.
So there you go.
But
I mean the shows I liked on G4
the most were actually not produced by G4.
Electric Playground and
Judgment Day were from Greedy Productions. They're still
in business. Electric Playground is actually the
longest running television show about
video games in the world. It's been
running since 1995.
And they actually recently went daily
but they're mainly Canadian.
They're produced up in Vancouver and
Judgment Day is actually just a re-skinning of
their show Reviews on the Run. G4
wanted something specific and
so they took the Reviews on the Run footage
that had Victor Lucas and Tommy Tallarico
and put G4 graphics around it.
And that's all they did. So in Canada it was Reviews
on the Run. Here it was Judgment Day.
They still do Reviews on the Run and what's funny is
Tommy Tallarico no longer
does any of that stuff because he's so busy with video games live.
But one of the
people that does Reviews on Reviews on the Run
was kind of like me in
the same sense that we were in the G4
forums together and
kind of attached to specific shows
and personalities. I attach to Scott Rubin. I do
podcasts. This guy
Jose Sanchez, he went by Fubar,
attached himself to Victor Lucas and
he now is one of the hosts on Reviews on the Run. He was
a production assistant there for Greedy
for the longest time and worked his way up.
Wow. That's awesome.
Huh.
Well, it's been story time with
Bobby Blackwolf but this is good.
It's kind of neat to hear the history and I hope you do
end up doing your piece for VOG Network
about kind of reflecting on it.
Gosh, I'm
trying to think what else to ask you with this thing but
do you think there is a future
for video game
television? Do you think
somebody else we don't know of
yet could come in and start a video game
network or is it just, you know what, no
video game stuff is always going to be on the internet.
This is something always internet based.
There's only one way
I think and
it's going to, basically I'm looking to
Korea. The only way that we can
get a video game channel is if
esports takes off in America the way it's taken off
in Korea. That's the
only way I think it'll happen. I don't think we're going to see
a generic video game network like
G4 and I mean G4
tried a whole bunch of different things. They didn't have
all new shows. They had one show that was a scripted
show and it was about
and took place in MMOs. It was an early
machinima show using a
whole bunch of different MMOs to tell this overarching
story. It was Portal and
they tried stuff like that
and it didn't really
take off and
I don't think anybody has the patience to make
that take off but I think
with esports, I think
if esports does take off, if League of
Legends takes off or Starcraft or something
we don't know about yet, we may
be able to get a dedicated esports
channel but that's probably
as close as we're going to be able to get.
I would see it probably ending up more
being an esports show
on the Ocho or something
along those lines but
I don't know.
I'd like to be able to see
something and hopefully it will be
less corporate
controlled. I mean I know that's just
looking at it through such
dream pie in the sky ideals
but yeah
it sounds like a lot of the crap that happened
on both G4 and TechTV were just
bad executive decisions.
But
and I'm going to point this out, Leo Laporte
tweeted this week, Attack of the show
in X-Play on G4 lasted 8 years
that was longer than any show on TechTV.
That's true.
Because TechTV
started in I think 1999
and they were off the air in 2004.
Good point.
Alright well Bobby, before
we let you go to take more calls, do you have anything else you want to share
with our listeners tonight?
I've been doing a lot of interviews lately.
And they've been pretty good.
And I've got a big
interview show next week. I'm not live.
But I've got some
big interviews. Hotline Miami which is a new
indie game that everybody is loving right now.
And then
MechWarrior Online and Fallen
Enchantress. All those interviews next week.
I interviewed a local studio
about their first person
magic game this week, earlier tonight.
They're Xavian and actually
a lot of their developers were in chat.
And I've already gotten an email
from them thanking me for it and
telling me that it sounds like one of the quotes I said
may be on the back of the box in two years.
Which would be awesome.
Unfortunately I wasn't the one that
initially said the quote Dungeon Buster did so I don't know how this
works.
But they specific because it's a first person
magic game and Dungeon Buster
in chat was like...
It's like Skyrim's magic system done right
and I repeated that and that's what they
quoted in the interview that they really appreciated hearing.
Interesting.
Alright we'll see what happens.
Well yeah if you're not already tuning in
an hour early at vognetwork.com
before OLR you're missing out on a great...
Bobby's having a great year. I mean not
that the other seven sucked but you're having a
great year. But I still
got snubbed.
Don't go there.
Did you look at the
list of who got nominated? It's a lot of
corp stuff. It's unfortunately...
And I think the corporate stuff gets nominated
because people want to make a complete ballot
and they don't know who else to nominate.
Yeah.
There you go.
Bobby you definitely earned
a place in our hearts.
Thank you.
Alright well Bobby I'm going to let you go to get some more calls.
Have a good one buddy. You too.
That was fun reminiscing with
Bobby. We have another call coming
right in though so let's get to the phones.
Hi you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Greetings Ronald Roberts.
This is DJ Ron Ness live from the
Brooklyn Studios of anime jam session.
Oh my gosh.
I thought I heard wind in the background there.
Is the storm rolling in?
Are you getting blown by Sandy right now?
It's raining sideways!
What?
It's raining sideways!
It's go rain!
It's go rain!
Yes yes yes.
Right now
I'm going to tell you the same thing
I told Travis and Jessica
last August when Irene
reared her little head up in here.
What's that?
It's windy as hell.
It's a little bit of rain.
The shoreline
of Jersey has been more or less
flooded out but this Jersey no one
cares. The
anime jam session studios are in
zone B which means
we do not have to go anywhere.
We're also on the second floor which means
we don't have to worry about being flooded out.
And we have enough battery backups here
so if the power does go out
we will have internet for another eight hours.
It's the important
things in life.
Alright I'm sure you didn't call in to talk about the
hurricane though. What did you really want to talk about?
Well
there was something else that we
did as part of my
podcast on Friday.
We went to an event in lower
Manhattan called Girl Gamers
Meet Up New York City.
But you're not a girl.
No but
some of my staffers are.
He's meeting up with a lot of the girls.
You just went to go get some phone
numbers. No I'm kidding I'm kidding.
That sounds fun.
We'll save that for another time.
Nice.
Why thank you.
But pretty much
the point of the Meet Up
was to get more girls involved
into playing video games to prove that
it's not just boys
and men that are playing. Girls and women play
video games and they can kick as much ass
as their counterparts.
Absolutely. Right DarkSagra?
Right. She said right
but you can't hear her anymore.
I'm sorry everything's just exploding because the Giants
apparently won. Oh.
Is that their fourth game? Yeah.
Oh boy. That's it then.
I'm so glad I didn't go to
San Francisco this weekend. I am so
glad.
To quote Renee
and sorry for taking over
Ronchon. No that's okay.
The city in which I reside has erupted
in cowbell car alarm and hollering.
Either the Giants won or this is
a prequel to some Satan pagan worship before
Halloween.
Well
given that I am
a boy and brand new yorker
trust me when we feel the
pain of not being there and
whereas there are the mixed fans that are like
well this was really going to happen.
Nice. Alright so
sorry to derail but what else did you
get done at the con? No problem.
Well what we did was we
got a chance to interview
Jen Vargas the founder
and creator of Girl Gamer Vogue.
The point of her creating this
is to prove that girls
are just as good as gamers as guys
and to break the stereotype
and prove that there is a difference between
girl gamers and gamer girls.
You know the type of girls who sit there
and they kind of look sexy with a controller
and you know
they don't like that.
Well you still there?
I'm still here can you hear me good sir?
Yes I can. What was that last part you said?
I said the last part was
about how to try to break the stereotypes
and prove there is a difference between
girl gamers and gamer girls.
Ah okay
okay so Olivia Munn is not necessarily
a representation of gamer girls everywhere
I get what you mean. Exactly.
Absolutely. And they had some
and they had some gamer girls
there too in costume
talking about their YouTube channels and how they
give tutorials on how to play
various games how to get through certain
action games and they had a
theme they were playing we had
Gears of War 3 with Zombie Mod
Left 4 Dead 2
Gauntlet and Friday the 13th.
Friday the 13th like the 8 bit
NES game?
Yes. Yes it was. Amazing.
So where can we hear these interviews?
Well we
were holding on to them because
N.A. Jam session is so ever
grateful to Orange Town Radio
this interview that we did is exclusive
to O.L.R. Oh
awesome we're going to play that next week
so not only will we have Eddie from
Money Style with us but we're going to play that interview
as well on the show so
thank you so much for doing that for us.
No problem. When this popped up
the first person I thought of was my darling
Rope Sean. Awwww
Barf. Hey
shut up. I brought you vanilla
Tootsie Rolls. You did. They're delicious.
Talk about barf.
Shut up. Since you are the man behind
the anime show and I know you have a whole
staff behind you but since
you are the guy on the show here representing
the anime jam session I've got to ask you
I don't know did you hear that email about
the anime that's Nintendo
and Sega and all that did you hear that
email? No
I did not.
We may have to investigate that talk about that
on our show coming
up on this Thursday. You need to.
I'll send you more information. It's available
on Crunchyroll apparently for free and it's
inspired by
old Sega characters apparently.
Do you remember the name of it?
There you go.
Wow. Very good. Good memory.
I'm actually looking at the page right now on Wikipedia.
Fantastic memory.
I linked it myself so I would find it.
I just linked it on my Facebook.
Gotcha.
I will definitely check that when I go back inside.
Awesome. Alright well
Rama be safe. Don't float away.
We will. We will.
We're good. We have enough battery backup.
We have enough alcohol. We are
good to go for the next 48 hours.
Sounds good. Fill the bathtub with water.
We can't.
We don't have a stopper for the water.
We are so cold.
Oh no. Get every glass
in the cupboard and fill it up. Condoms.
Alright I'm
ending this conversation. Bye Rama.
Be safe.
You safe drivers good sir.
Alright.
Thank you so much Rama.
And thank you to everybody that called in tonight.
Both our callers. Since both those calls
were a little long we're going to wrap it up.
I'm sorry. But we still got to do
some more last minute stories on our Twitter topics.
So we're like not even close to being done yet.
We don't want to go for 4 hours tonight.
So Loki do you have other last minute stories
before I get to the tweets?
Yeah the John Sisters Twisted Dreams is now available.
You can get that on Steam as part of
the green light thing.
I actually have a token for it.
You can download it now.
Zynga is bringing
Farmville or I should say
you know their online stuff
into online gambling.
Apparently they're planning on doing
a slot based
or slot simulator based on Farmville.
And
may expand into other
online casino or
bidding type things.
Interesting. I think they only have like
Farmville casino like actual slot
machines like real slot machines.
I want to say they do have those so
not a surprise there.
And of course they lost
52.7 million dollars in
Quarter 3. Probably why they had to
fire a lot of people or
lay off.
Yeah. I think people are just
kind of over those type of games now.
Although then again I get all these invites for
Farmville too so maybe not.
Let me do some quick Twitter topics here.
I liked this tweet
here and I have to admit I'm not
informed on the topic very much
but I'll try here.
Nigella and I hope I said that right.
Nigella tweeted us.
Don't know if the Florence Gate saga has made it on
your radar. Raises interesting questions
about games journalism.
Now apparently what happened and he links us
to something that's on Reddit.
And here's the deal.
According to what I see on Reddit here
Robert Florence just
stepped down from Eurogamer because of
this column yesterday blasting games
journalists and their relationship
to PR. And he
links to a tweet from the author that says
yesterday was my last piece for
Eurogamer. Here it is in amended form.
I stand by every word of the
original piece. And I
remember reading this original piece.
Somebody linked it to me because it was
all around Twitter and I'm like why are all these
people joking about Doritos and Mountain Dew? Somebody fill
me in. And I remember reading
this original piece. Now
I'm not sure I understand
why this was
so
flipping terrible. Although I notice
there is an editor's note
following receipt of a complaint from
Lauren Wainwright. Eurogamer
has removed part of this article.
But without any admission of
without admission of any liability.
Eurogamer apologizes for any distress
caused to Miss Wainwright by the references to her.
This article otherwise remains
as originally published. Now
because I don't have a photographic
memory. I don't know what that means
was cut from the article. My
assumption bolded
italicized underlined
was that it probably had to do with a
particular PR
rep or PR firm that
was kind of doing
some things that might be considered questionable.
And you know the whole thing is about
basically
how tight of a hold
does PR have on games journalism?
How do you spell her last name?
Right there.
Son of a bitch.
I hit the button on my iPad that takes me
back to start. Hold on.
Son of a bitch. Alright there it is right there. There's the name for you.
Can I zoom in on that? No.
Because this iPad is so exciting.
So there you go.
I'm looking for the
Black Wolf says he quoted the
public Twitter of Lauren Wainwright.
Her outlet threatened
libel which is nasty in UK
libel laws. They quoted
her public Twitter about how she was
OK with promoting hashtags
to win a Playstation 3
and then talked about how she was promoting
Tomb Raider and then uncovered
that she actually works as a freelancer
for Square Enix. Do I need to
call back in? Maybe. You have
a better memory than I sir because I remember
looking at the original article and I was like
yeah I could have told you that for a long time
now basically.
You know PR has its grip
firmly on hold of a lot of games journalism.
That's why I've always said
Indies are the best because
even though not everybody
you know is um
some of these indie gamers are probably the first ones
to do the or indie folks are probably
the first ones to do these hashtags to try
and win a Playstation 3.
A lot of times that's where the most honesty
is going to come from as well.
Thank you Bobby for setting us straight.
That kind of sucks that it cost this guy
his job though.
There's a quote from Forbes by the way.
Go join Polygon.
That's
they sound like a group. They're like a
Voltron of game people.
That's where you need to be buddy.
Apparently
uh wow
alright
she has okay since then
Lauren Wainwright has had personal verbal attacks
sent to her Twitter which she has now locked
her Steam account and other
networking sites. Well now that's crossing
the line ridiculousness.
This is coming from other people.
This was actually on
Reddit. This is where I'm finding this.
I'm just going to read a little bit of it if you don't mind.
Robert Florence wrote an article
calling out unprofessional behavior in gaming journalism.
He then steps down from his job
at Eurogamer. That's so he quit.
He wasn't fired.
Because of this article as he was told he would
be sued for libel against
Lauren Wainwright since in the uncensored
version he outed her for questionable behavior
since then she's had
personal attacks sent to her Twitter
her Steam account and other networking sites.
The Forbes article states it only takes a few bad
apples to turn a conversation about free speech
and journalism into one about misogyny.
So apparently people have been taking this
really seriously.
He was calling out integrity
and people were turning it around as an attack.
Black Wolf says
Ben Kucera did a great article about
this whole thing on Penny Arcade Report.
That doesn't surprise me at all. He's pretty good
about taking these situations and
putting them into perspective.
I have to
admit again the core issue
we've all
known about that for a very long time
but this whole fallout and
especially now that part where people were like
threatening her on Twitter and shit
that's
that's stupid and that's unfortunate.
What else can I say?
Let's see if anybody's published the unedited.
Alright.
Well anyway
let me get to some more of these tweets here.
Surtur tweeted us and said
I love Bobby Black Wolf and
OLR so much and VOG Network.
Well we love you too.
Dark Sakura sends
kisses.
Snotty ones.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt tweeted us and said hey folks
I just want to let you know you guys are keeping
me company right now on my three hour drive
to Boston. Thank you.
You're welcome. Three hour drive?
That's a long drive.
Alright. Let's see.
Tigerclaw tweets us
the Mass Effect movie moves
forward with a new screenwriter.
I know y'all love your Mass Effect
especially if your name is Shane or Dark Sakura.
So let me read this
link here that we got tweeted to
from SlashFilm.
Apparently
screenwriter Morgan Davis-Foll
has been hired to make a
new pass at the script
for Mass Effect.
This is the first big movement
on the project since 2010
when Legendary Pictures purchased the right
to the franchise.
This writer though he has yet to have a
script to produce.
Interesting. But I guess
he wrote
Alien Sleeper Cell and worked on
Rescue Me as well as some Happy Madison
films. Oh god.
Oh god. That's not sounding good
so far. But he's a
massive Mass Effect fan
and producers liked his take after
obviously deciding not to move forward with
the original script by Mark
Protosevich.
Interesting. Alright well as
long as it's more Rescue Me and less
Happy Madison I'll be alright
because he actually is a fan of the games
but on behalf of the
entire fan community do not fuck
this up. Do not not fuck this up.
Tigerclaw
gives us one more tweet here about
EA
taking a part in American Cancer
Society's Making Strides Against
Breast Cancer Walk.
It's nice to hear about the good things
EA did. So let's
talk about this. He links us to a story from
Game Politics. Team EA
took part in the American Cancer Society's
Making Strides Against Breast
Cancer Walk in San Francisco
to raise funds for the fight against
breast cancer. EA chief
operating officer Peter Moore
excuse me was on hand to kick off the
event and walked with the employees.
So very cool.
Good on you EA
for doing your public service
for an important cause.
So there you go. Thank you guys
very much for your tweets tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR
and yes Tigerclaw I know there's one more tweet
but it's a two tweet maximum.
Loki any other last minute
stories you want to share tonight?
Popcap and EA are
teaming up with the ADA to
give you free plants versus zombies
for Halloween. I got an email on that.
It's stopzombiemouth.com
and
it's kind of cool though I mean
if you're like trying to be cheap about
giving out candy and stuff like that you could be
like one of those people that gives out something else.
Well they have coupons that you can print off
and basically
those are they have a code on
there that can be used between October 30th
and November 10th to redeem a free copy of the
PC version of plants versus zombies
for PC or Mac and
it's all the same code so
you can print off sheets of those cut them
up and give those out instead of candy if you want
to or with candy
or with candy
and so you can do that
if you don't feel like going to
basically just go back to the
stopzombiemouth.com website and
use the code
p-hater
p-a-h-a-r
p-hater
one of the
plants is a p-hat
I think it
it could be either way who knows
I think it's a p-hater because they don't like getting hit in the
face with peace
not you know
urine
so there's that and then of course
also this
I was kind of talking about before
I actually got to read the whole thing now
apparently there's going to be some updates
to the digital
millennium copyright act
remember before how it was okay
to jailbreak your
ipods and iphones and stuff like that
not going to be the case anymore
apparently
it's only legal to
jailbreak phones
or just say unlocked prior to
January 2013
basically after that it is
no longer legal to do that also
it's no longer legal to
jailbreak tablet devices
or root tablet devices
that's kind of
unfortunate you know kind of a big step
backwards to the whole thing
and there's more
more websites running that whole
disney toy box thing but we already know what that is
right I gotta say disney infinity
has a great logo
it does have a nice logo
it's very interesting that
you know one of the
they have two different components of the game
one of which would be
let's see here
pages not turning
correctly one of which
was dubbed the toy box
and one of course
is the actual characters
the playsets
the playsets of the toy box
and of course tying in with Monsters U
Cars
The Lone Ranger
Incredibles, Toy Story
and Pirates of the Caribbean
and like we talked about last week
it's two Johnny Depp movies if I'm not mistaken
yes it is
he's in a lot of stuff and it looks interesting
they've got a picture here
the reader looks really
different not like
you know say
Skylanders but they've got
these characters and these coins
and then looks like
boss characters almost like
they have that mech thing
from the Incredibles so you can
team up with Buzz Lightyear
and Mr. Incredible
and stuff oh neat
I don't know very interesting
I hope the game's good I think
it probably will be I mean considering
how well Skylanders does
and Skylanders to be honest is a very new property
versus Disney
characters which everybody fucking knows
so
alright well before we wrap up
the show tonight I bet you thought I forgot
but I didn't
we have to reveal the winners of tonight's
list list it just took me forever
to tabulate the votes cause there was a lot of
participation tonight and I've been talking a lot
so let's
reveal tonight's winners of the list list
here it is the definitive list the top three
things scientifically proven
that you guys want
on G4 to get you to watch it again
number three is a tie
the screensavers
and the
angry video game nerd
TV show
the number three answer the number
two thing that would most get you to watch
G4 again
Star K2
Electric Boogaloo
and lastly
the number one
the numero uno thing
the thing that G4 ought to book
right now to get everybody
to watch it again
Loki's cosplay challenge
yay
at least I'll be getting paid
Loki's
cosplay challenge is the thing you most
want on G4 TV
there it is signed, sealed
delivered, done
alright well that's gonna do it for
another week of orange lounge radio
thank you guys so much for listening
we really appreciate all the support remember
all we ask we don't ask for your money or anything
like that just tell a friend or
7 about the show help us spread
the word of orange lounge radio and the
whole voice of geeks network and all the great
shows that are on it and also starting November
1st voting for us each and every single
day on the podcast awards
podcastawards.co that's right
and tell your friends that's right and tell your friends
make your friends vote all unique IPs
don't break the rules
do not get us disqualified because you're a dumb
ass and break the rules do not break the rules
or I will break you hypothetically
alright
let's go around and get everybody's final
thought for tonight dark sakura feel
better for god's sake I want pinkberry
your final thought is I want pinkberry
my final thought tonight is
I hope we have enough time to go to the
grocery store still that's the one Aaron we still
have to run this weekend
Alan's like nope not
going Loki your
final thought tonight my head hurts
your head oh I feel better
hey it'll be hurting you next week again
but black wolf says we should
greenlight the earth we may
greenlight that for vog Loki's
not gonna happen
sorry to disappoint you
alright picture as close
as you're gonna get to the dream
here you go cause really what's gonna happen
I never said you had to dress up as
tingle I just they've they seem to think
that
alright that it that's it
that does it for another week at Orange Lounge Radio
next week an interview with Eddie from
BamaniStyle.com and more
so be sure to tune in next week November
4th we'll see you then have a great week
you've been listening to Orange
Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios
to join us for a live show
tune in to vognetwork.com
Sunday nights
at 6pm Pacific
9pm Eastern
the views and opinions expressed in this
program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or
VOG Network but you know
they were all still true
see you next week
Thank you for watching!
