Orange Lounge Radio
Loserhosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, October 21, 2012, Xbox will soon unfriend two of their social applications.
More Sega games are being re-released as download titles, and a PC game ships without the necessary activation keys.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 478, October 21, 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joining you guys to talk about video games and gaming culture and all that good stuff with my co-hosts.
Welcome back, big welcome back to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, you've been out for two weeks.
Yes.
You went from like really good stuff to really not so good stuff.
Disneyland, let's focus on Disneyland. How was Disneyland?
It was gay.
I'm glad you had a happy time.
Well, we didn't actually go into the park on Saturday because our good friend and listener got into a little bit of an accident.
But he's okay, right?
He's okay.
When you first told me that I was like, oh my god, but he's fine, right?
The car came out a little tire poppy.
Things we learn in our lives, cars are just cars. People are people.
Exactly. Dan and I had a fantastic time regardless.
And when I came home, now I'm going to get into the horrible part.
Okay.
When I came home, Shermy was sick.
She wasn't eating very much. She sounded a little raspy.
And she kept going into the den and just sitting there.
And we thought that maybe she just couldn't get back up the step because of her hips.
So finally I just picked her up and brought her into the computer room with me and took a towel out of the dryer and wrapped her up in it.
So she was all warm and she loved it. She was a-
A purrito.
A purrito.
And she even curled over and with an ear poking out.
I've got pictures on Facebook. I'll repost them in the chat.
But it was, she finally started doing better and started eating again.
So I, you know, put her back in her room and, you know, made sure her towel was in there with her.
And, you know, I let her come into the computer room whenever she wanted.
And Tuesday, like around midnight or so, she, well actually, yeah, it would be Tuesday.
She was half in the laundry room and half out in the hall.
And she batted my foot.
And so I stopped and petted her.
And, you know, we had a good cuddle and she purred. She was a little wheezy when she purred.
I was like, I was the old lady kitty, you know.
Round two o'clock, I was actually about to go to bed and I went to look for the cat to pet her good night.
Because I always pet Jeremy good night.
And she was in the living room dead.
Just laying on her side and I couldn't tell if she was breathing because she was so fat.
And I went in and she was still warm and so I couldn't really tell.
But the moment, there's like a muscle tone that you can feel the difference.
And yeah, so, um, Shermie, I'd have to say she probably died around 1.30 in the morning.
Based on her temperature and everything.
And the fact that, you know, she had, rigor mortis doesn't set in for like a few hours anyway.
So, um, yeah, Shermie died.
She was 15.
Actually, we redid the math and she was probably 16.
Because I got her when she was a year and a half old.
So, which would have put her birthday in October.
So, she was 16.
Now, just so some of our newer listeners know and I do at some point.
Let me just say hello to Tech Master Loki.
So, you don't have to sit there all quiet and unintroduced.
But obviously, Jamie had a pretty busy week.
So, I know she wanted to talk. So, hi, Loki.
Hi.
Okay, going back to what's going on with you, Dark Sakura.
In case the newer listeners don't know.
Because, you know, we've been taping where we're at now for about a year, almost now.
Probably a year and a half.
But we used to tape the show at your house.
We've actually taped the show at like five different places in the ten year history.
But we did tape the show at your house.
And you, obviously, you had Shermie.
And Shermie was pretty notorious on the show for sleeping at my feet and so forth.
Her bed was under the table.
And you would sometimes put the mic down near her and say,
What do you think about that, Shermie?
And she would actually go,
Her hair goes,
Exactly.
Or a,
So, yes, this does affect the show in many ways.
And, of course, there was a very infamous moment that happened at one point on the show.
That I want to bring up a clip of here.
And I really want to thank Dark Tetsuya for finding this clip for me.
But this is a clip from, I think he said it was episode number 357?
Yeah.
This is old. This is old. Here it is.
Well, what's that, Jamie?
Nothing. I was talking about Shermie.
Oh.
Shermie just crapped.
Oh, did she?
That was her review of the show.
Nice.
That was us talking about the tester.
Yeah.
And Shermie notoriously took a poo on the floor and gave her review of the show.
Well, it was like her secondary poop spot was,
I've told people this before, Shermie had arthritis in her hips.
And so when she could manage to pee in her box,
she just couldn't poop properly in her box because she couldn't actually physically get in her box.
So sometimes she would just wait till people were around and take poop in the hall.
Look, I have shat.
To call attention to it.
But what was funny is that like after Dan picked up Shermie and put her,
we actually put her in her bed because we couldn't keep her bed, you know.
She wore it out actually and put her in a box and Dan had the box on the back porch
because it was, you know, really early in the morning.
And he said that she was laying in state on the back porch and found poo on his shoe.
It was her last thing.
So that was her last act.
Her last act was to crap on Dan's converses.
And then Dan let me sleep in the next day and he went to have her cremated.
Because actually in Citrus Heights, if a pet is under 15 pounds,
then you can just throw them in the dump.
And he's like, the moment he told me that, I freaked out.
I knew he wouldn't do it, but I freaked out.
He's like, I'll take care of her in the morning.
The fuck you will. I can hear you in my head having that fight.
And so they actually, it was like a communal cremation and they scatter the ashes in the foothills.
So I was like, well, she's with other people's, you know, loved pets.
Well, a lot of love for you in our chat room as well.
Live.vognetwork.com.
Critical Myth, RIP Shermie.
Orange Rite, RIP Shermie.
Act Deaf, you shall be missed.
DDR dollar bill, still want to say sorry about Shermie.
City Vampire, I'm sorry Dark Sakura.
Dark Tetsuya, RIP Shermie.
Black Wolf, Shermie had amazing parents.
So, you know, lots of love from the listeners as well.
So sorry. I know it's, I know it's hard.
It's okay.
Well, you know, and I had, we had a feeling that it was coming because I mean,
I really felt like she was winding down, but I didn't think it was going to happen.
You know, a week after, you know, I get back from Disneyland.
Sure.
But what a lucky damn cat.
What a lucky damn cat because you guys rescued her and she has,
she's not only loved by you and Dan, but look at all these peeps on the internet.
Yeah.
I'll tell you.
Most cats aren't so lucky.
I'll tell you what was funny too is that I was actually, because you know,
last, basically when I wasn't here Sunday,
since I had cramps so debilitating, I could not walk.
I mean, it was literally,
I felt like someone had put my girl bits in a vice and, you know,
was trying to get orange juice from them.
La la la la la.
Okay.
But I had, I ended up just sitting down on the floor, you know,
cause I couldn't move and it was the most comfortable spot.
And Shermy patted right over and she liked to sit in between my legs for some
weird reason and put her head on my thigh,
which I've got pictures of her doing it and sticking out her tongue and being
cute.
And, um,
she just sat in my lap like that for like an hour and we just hung out.
And well, you know, not to be, not to be morbid,
but maybe she knew, you know, they know, you know,
when a cat knows that he or she is going to go, they,
they stop eating, they go to the same spot over again.
And I was getting that feeling with Shermy.
That's why the first time I picked her up and brought her in the computer
room with me and she was like, Oh, okay,
I'm fine. But she was funny.
She wouldn't eat her regular cat food,
but she'd still eat the treats from my fingers.
I have video of that too on Facebook of her eating treats and making the
kitty wants nom face.
And so my baby, well, we're not going to get another cat.
Yeah, I know that's the number one thing people want to ask kind of like,
when are you going to get another one? But it's, you're not ready, right?
If you're not ready, you're not ready.
Yeah. And like I've had people offer me, you know, rescues and,
and I'm perfectly fine. You know, I would love to take in a good rescue,
but it's also, you know,
and I hate to put it in terms like this, but are you going to,
you know, immediately replace your cousin if they die?
I'm going to go to the store and buy a new cousin.
Or if one of your friends, you know, she's,
she's a member of my family and maybe it's, you know,
some people just like, Oh, it's just a cat. You can get another cat.
I'm like, but they have their own personalities and they,
I had her for 14 years. Sure. And it's a teenager. Yeah,
she will. She's a whole lady. Really. Let's see.
14 years ago was PlayStation one, right? Yeah. It was about that era.
Dreamcast. That's when there's some Dreamcast are coming into your house.
Yeah. Sure. Me used to, um, to sniff at the VMUs. I remember that.
But, um, I mean, you know, she, uh,
she's a good cat. Well, yes, it is a video game show you guys,
but sometimes, you know, she's named after a video game to shut up.
That's true. She is named after a video game. Who is sure me for those that may
not know. Well, um, she, uh,
sure me was one of the characters in the king of fighter series,
the one with the dancer type with the hair in front of her eyes.
But when we got sure me, um, the adoption paper said Sherman, I was like,
I'm not even my cat Sherman need a little dinner.
She would become the size of a Sherman tank. But, um,
so, uh, and I wasn't necessarily going to name her after Sherman from,
you know, uh, Mr. Peabody.
So she'd go back in the way back machine. But, um, she,
we were like, well, we need a good name for her.
And so sure me popped up and it seemed to fit her.
You know, she wasn't, she was graceful at one time,
one time and I'm going to go AFK a minute.
So it's fine. Um, at some point go say hi to the chatters.
They have a lot of very kind things to say and I think will help. Um,
but thank you for sharing the story. And, uh, you know,
if you do a show for 478 episodes, we're on that 478, you know,
the listeners start to start to get to know you.
We start to get to know them and we want to share these big moments.
And we liked Shermy. We love Shermy. Oh, come on.
She was, I remember when she actually,
cause she would sit on my feet sometimes.
I remember when she actually got out of her box and sat on your foot out of
her bed. So, uh, Duke Nukem in our chat room puts it very well.
Video game podcast or not. Life isn't all about video games.
Sometimes stuff like that happens and intervenes for the games.
And we all understand. No, I know you guys understand.
I'm saying that mostly for the benefit of the new people who might be here.
You know,
LR for the first time because you know,
every week somebody is going to hear it for the first time.
Like what is this show? I just downloaded.
All they talk about is dead animals. Ah, but it's,
it's much more than that guys.
Hopefully that story kind of tells you, uh,
the family that we've built up here over the years. So Shermy,
Shermy is my baby. Yeah. Especially,
and I'm just to share a little personal thing. I mean, I,
I Dan and I've been trying for a couple of years to,
you know,
share a little bit of the story with you guys.
I Dan and I've been trying for a couple of years to, you know, conceive.
Well, mostly I've been doing the work because all right,
we'll leave it at that. Yes. We, we all know what you mean.
I hate when people go, we're pregnant when really the wife is pregnant.
You're not carrying that baby dude. Shut up. Yes.
But he has to put up with you. Yeah. Am I right? Am I right?
Yeah. But, um, but I mean,
Shermy was pretty much, you know, if without that cat,
I think I would have been a big wreck. So, and now I'm like,
I don't want any kids. I just want more cats,
but I'm clearly not going to get another cat at least until after we moved from
the house, which will be after December. Understand. And I'm gonna,
and I'm gonna be a rescue just to give a little a plug here. Um,
the, uh, animal outreach, um, out here in California,
they're actually in Placer County. They are a no kill shelter.
That's where I took Donut or bat cat or Bruce, whatever people want to call him.
There's a little kitten I rescued from the dumpster outside my synagogue. Um,
they are no kill shelter.
They get animals fixed shots and take them to pet smarts to have them adopted
out. And, um, I would say, uh,
anyone in the Northern California area, give them your support.
If you're going to get a cat or a dog, um, go through animal outreach.
They're really good people. So, uh,
black Wolf in our chat room says, for those of us without kids,
our pets are our kids.
I put up just as many pictures on Facebook of my babies as my friends do of
their babies. I think that's a really good point. So when I,
when I come back, I'll spam chat with pictures of Shermy.
Sounds great. Or, um, we need to know our pet community of some sort.
Maybe I'll make a, uh, let's, why don't we have a tumbler, a pet tumbler,
pet tumbler. You figure you, you, you work out all them specifics and we'll,
we'll work that. We'll name this episode cat shit.
Raginator says we should dedicate this episode to the memory of Shermy.
Absolutely. Cat poop. Cat poop. What?
We'll name it cat poop.
Let's probably take it.
Did you hear what Raginator said? We should dedicate this episode.
Fuck yeah cat poop.
All right. Anyhow.
Shermy used to crawl into bed with me too.
We are at our box Springs broke for awhile and Shermy would crawl under the,
cause Dan and I use separate covers cause we're both cover hogs and she'd
crawl under and lay her head on my shoulder.
And when she saw that I was awake, she'd start purring.
And so she was my alarm clock.
Act definitely in our chat room says pets a gram. You know, there's a good,
there, there's a good point to that. Um, without deviating too much.
I finally did the sheep thing and I got an iPhone five over the weekend.
Jamie's husband sold it to me.
Hey, you know what? My four, the button was broken, the camera was broken.
So I haven't had a camera on my phone for like a year.
So what's the first thing I did with my iPhone five?
Take cat pictures.
We downloaded Instagram, took a picture of Morocco and the kitty bed and put,
I'm back.
So, so you decided to purchase another phone from a company whose phone broke
in a couple of years.
Yes.
Awesome.
Well, I didn't, I admittedly,
I didn't use a case or anything protective with it and that was,
that's a long story, but uh, yeah, it's kind of my own fault.
Get an OtterBox.
Funny enough, I am, uh, uh, Alan bought one for me.
Good, because OtterBox is, seriously, I'm, I'm on my second.
OtterBox is not because the last one broke.
It was because actually the, uh, rubber surrounding it broke and not the, uh,
thing itself.
All right. Let's, let's get into video games a little bit.
Before we get to our gaming weeks, we usually have a kickoff topic.
Obviously we've already been talking a little bit,
but let's have a game related kickoff topic.
Loki, I'm going to put you on the spot because you put up this very cryptic
tweet over the last week and obviously I perked up because it had the word
Disney in it. So Loki, I don't know if now's the time you can tell me to F off,
but what is this tweet all about? You said Disney universe?
Disney infinity.
Oh, excuse me. Disney, Disney infinity. What is Disney infinity?
Disney infinity is a new property from Disney.
It's coming out next year in the spring or summer.
Um, it's going to start tying in with all their movies that they come out with,
um, animated and stuff, including rereleases record Ralph. Uh,
no, it's like I said, next year. So next year's, Oh,
cause like they're going to release,
isn't little mermaid on deck to be rereleased and I don't think that's the next
one. Um, I think it's cars actually. Really? Okay. Yeah.
I think that's the next Pixar movie to be done like in 3d or something.
But, um,
basically cause I don't know too much about it yet and there's a lot of
speculation, um, to what it is. And I mean, I know a little bit,
but, um, it's basically their version of Skylanders.
So it's a game of some sort. I assume some sort of venture game,
although I don't really know what it is,
but it's got figures that, you know,
kind of work with some sort of device to be able to play as those characters.
But this is Disney we're talking about. This is not just,
it's a made up spyro, you know, made up characters that had Spyro in it,
but now it doesn't even really have Spyro in it. It's going to be, you know,
well known franchises. So they're starting off with like, um,
some weird stuff. You would think it's like Mickey mouse and all that stuff.
Maybe those are in like the starter kits or something like that,
but it's basically, uh, the cars characters. Um,
there's also pirates of the Caribbean characters and,
um, what else was it?
Later on in the fall, they're going to be doing stuff for, uh, Frozen,
which is their new animated movie. Right, right.
That's their big movie for next year.
I didn't realize Wreck-It Ralph is the one Disney classic picture this year.
When we were talking about it last week, I didn't realize that,
but I did some research after the show and like Disney tends to put out one
animated classic a year. Last year it was the redo of Winnie the Pooh.
This year it is Wreck-It Ralph. Last year was, um,
Tangled. No, Tangled was two years ago at this point because technically it came
out Christmas of, uh, the year, the year before. Hmm. Yeah.
Last year was Winnie the Pooh and this year is Wreck-It Ralph and next year is
this Frozen. Yeah. So Frozen and, um,
they've had some other stuff. Uh,
some of the characters I did see that they mentioned, Jack Skellington, um,
Mickey from, you know, the whole, uh,
Sorcerer's Apprentice stuff. Um,
they said like Sorcerer Mickey or something like that. Well,
as much as like, I might want to sit here and roll my eyes.
It does make a heck of a lot of sense for Disney to cash in on that.
I mean, obviously, you know, you, you, you put the nail on the head.
Spyro and Skylanders say what you will about the game and so forth.
It makes them an assload of money when you don't even know these characters.
You, nobody has any attachment to the characters.
And, um,
it's like,
it makes them an assload of money when you don't even know these characters.
You, nobody has any attachment to these characters.
These characters were made up for this game.
Spyro being the one lone distant exception, but I don't even,
he's not even mentioned anymore,
nor on the cover of the next and put Spyro side by side with Mickey mouse.
I mean, come or J or Jack Skellington or,
or any of the characters and the power of the people that, you know,
you think people, you know, are,
are consumer whores over Skylanders characters.
You do not even understand how many consumer whores there are for anything
Disney. If you look, I mean, Disney did have that game.
Maybe that was the one that was called Disney universe.
I did have that game last year that was, you know, it was, it was okay.
I mean, it wasn't like gonna win any best game of the year awards or anything,
but for a family game, you pick up, go it, it served its purpose.
It was fine, you know,
so I could totally see that type of engine and that game taken on this,
you know, cause that game was set up,
it had a very little big planet esque element to it where you could kind of
dress the characters up. And so far, I mean,
it wasn't as detailed as little big planet, but like, um, you know,
tiger call on chat saying no Tron characters. Well, this is not yet.
This is only, they only have, you know,
the first and second wave stuff announced.
So for me Disney universe did have the Tron character,
how little big planet actually had, they still could do that stuff.
It's just, I mean, they think about it,
like they probably have a Tron movie in the works.
I know they have another Tron movie probably in a couple of years.
And so if not an animated movie or something to cash in on that,
that animated series is pretty awesome,
which I guess it restarted recently and I have to go catch up.
Did they, uh, did they renew it for another season? I hope so.
I don't know if it's a new season or if it's the second half,
like the fall season or something like that, but yeah, it's still going dark.
Dark soccer. You said when you were at Disneyland,
you saw a lot of the Skylander stuff, right? I saw like a few things.
I thought that was interesting cause you know, it's weird.
But it might've been downtown Disney.
Oh, okay. You do see a little more bleed over in downtown Disney.
That makes sense.
But I think it's interesting.
I mean, it'll be cool at the same time though.
I really hate dealing with Skylanders.
It's more of a, it's going to be all these pieces.
It's an internal thing.
It's just that the toy industry does not line up well with the way things
are done in the game industry.
Unfortunately...
Hundreds of SKUs. Hundreds.
Well, it's not that. Everything's assorted.
So unfortunately, our system, the way it's set up,
there's no way to set up, hey, you're going to get random stuff in this box.
So you have to sell it by the case quantities that come in.
Thankfully the case is 6 or 12 for the characters,
but it's a receiving nightmare because the way they do it is
that case has a UPC on it.
That UPC you have to use for each individual character they order.
So if I order 12 of this UPC, we get in one box with that UPC.
So it looks like we're getting one twelfth of what we order.
I have to admit, if this game is, you know, as decent as Skylanders,
I kind of might be on board.
The Disney horror in me is kind of like, yes, please.
Although I'd rather have a new Kingdom Hearts, but okay.
Well, that's very nice.
You know they had Kingdom Hearts pins at the park.
I heard about this.
I got you one.
Suddenly Kingdom Hearts is being recognized by Disney again.
That's very exciting.
And actually they thought that it was like a Jedi one,
but when you pull up on the receipt, it says Kingdom Hearts Mickey.
Yay!
There's two other pins that I saw online, but they weren't in the park.
That would be awesome if they did like a LucasArts,
Kingdom Hearts type crossover,
like have one of the worlds be Star Wars World or something like that.
No, don't get your hopes up.
Muppets World.
Don't go crazy now.
Muppets World would happen before Star Wars, because Muppets is Disney now.
I understand that, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyhow, let's get into our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Thank you for the update though, Loki.
I'm sure we're going to hear a lot more about it,
and there will probably be a big splash before E3,
because it's coming out.
Right now it's scheduled sometime in June,
because that's when I think these movies are coming out.
If I were to guess, I think there's going to be a redo of Cars,
kind of like how they did with Little Nemo 3D.
I think it's going to be Cars 3D.
I believe Pixar's next movie is the Monsters Inc prequel,
and I think it's out next year.
The website for that is Epic.
Is it?
That was the other thing.
I think they may have had some Monsters Inc characters too.
That would make sense.
I think that's next year.
It's called Monsters U.
Okay, Monsters U. Yeah, it's like a prequel.
The website that they have is done just like some college campus site.
It's actually really well done.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Okay, that makes sense.
All right, well, let's get into our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week,
or Dark Soccer if you want to, for the past three weeks,
since it's been a little while since you've been here.
Stranger?
I played some Escaluda,
which I'm actually now in my head thinking of it as ESP Eagle.
Espagaluluda?
Because Garuda would be Eagle,
and I'm thinking it's Psychic Eagle.
So, Espagaluda.
And I played, of course, WoW, fucking pandas.
Is that what the expansion is called, fucking pandas?
Fucking pandas.
And I finally did heroics, by the way, which are pretty fun.
I did this new Show Lomance, by the way.
It's actually really well done.
I liked it.
So, played Mass Effect 3.
Well, I would play more Mass Effect 3
if it wasn't that the stupid EA servers won't connect,
and I've done every single...
I'm going to try Alan's suggestion and try to connect to my Mass Effect 2,
but I never had this problem until the patch.
So, it's clearly something having to do with the patch,
in my estimate.
I've bought DLC that I can't use
because I can't get into single player
because it won't let me play for my saved game.
Low origin.
Low origin.
More like fuck origin, you know?
And, uh...
Yeah, not much of anything else.
It's like, I'll sit and play something,
but I really have tried not to be at my house too much this past week, so...
Understandable.
Any playthroughs of stuff that you've watched, Dan?
Because you and Dan like to watch these playthroughs.
He's obsessed with Borderlands 2.
He's beaten it again.
It wasn't much harder this time, and...
Speaking of playthroughs,
I should give this a shout out.
This is an important shout out,
but shout out to everybody who participated with Extra Life this weekend.
Because, I mean, there were tons of playthroughs
all over the internet for a great cause this weekend.
So, I think most of those marathon fests so far,
they're probably winding down around now,
but props to all you guys who participated with that.
That's a great cause.
I really want us to do something like that at some point.
Even our buddy, Breslull, raised, what, 3 grand?
$3,300?
Yeah.
That's not a bad chunk of change.
Good for you, buddy.
Yeah.
Excellent.
All right, well, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I wish I had played more, but I didn't.
I played, let's see, lots of Minecraft.
I worked on a giant roller coaster the entire week,
and I pretty much finished it,
although Hitstone was working on some stuff,
so I don't know if they go check to see if it's still working again.
And then also a giant marquee with chasing lights.
I had those on there.
Let's see, also play Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
I managed to pull off streak week.
That means I did not lose one single lunch game
that I played against my coworkers in Call of Duty
to their dismay, unfortunately.
So now I'm rubbing it in.
I was going to go for streak month.
However, I can't play on Monday
because I have to go look for costume stuff for Halloween.
What are you doing for Halloween?
Well, we'll see if we're going to be too lazy about it or not,
but we're going to do costumes for the yip-yips from Sesame Street.
Because it's fucking easy.
Yip, yip, yip, yip. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
Yip, yip, yip. Oh, my God, that's amazing.
You're not going as Sexy Burt.
Sexy Burt?
Oh, you haven't seen these costumes,
Sexy Burt and Sexy Ernie?
No.
There's some company online that does all these, like, sexy costumes.
They had Sexy Burt and Sexy Ernie.
Wow.
He's going to try and talk Alan into it,
but we don't have any Halloween plans.
We're at that age...
If they were going to really be sexy, they need to have assless chaps.
We're at that age where we turn off the lights at ten-thirty and go to bed.
Um, we'll see. I mean, once again, I don't know if I'm actually going to do it,
because the costume wouldn't be that hard.
It's basically just a piece of fabric, and you cut the mouth,
and you have to sew in this, like, sheer black stuff.
I don't remember what it was, but I used it in my Little Big Planet Zach Boy costume.
So I had to ask my mom what the fuck that was that we used.
Um, but then, so it's that, and then some, like, styrofoam balls for the eyes and pipe cleaners.
I mean, so it's really easy. It's just kind of doing the impression, I guess, would be...
Just saying, if you ever get hard up for ideas, the chatters would love to see the tingle thing happen.
Yeah, it's not going to happen, just because, once again, I mean, this is...
Listen, here's what we've got, okay?
Here's the three costume backup plan ideas that we have.
Not necessarily something that...
Obviously, it's not going to be something that we do this year.
There's Italian Spider-Man, because that's going to be hilarious.
How is Italian Spider-Man different from Spider-Man?
Have you not seen Italian Spider-Man?
No, is it, like, a YouTube thing or something?
Oh, you need to see Italian Spider-Man.
Okay, I haven't seen it.
Yes, Italian Spider-Man is fucking awesome.
Okay.
So there's that.
Actually, Danger 5 would be kind of...
Same people did Italian Spider-Man, Danger 5 stuff would be hilarious.
And giant cardboard robot.
Unfortunately, that one requires me to learn how to walk on stilts, and it's a little dangerous to do that.
You're not one to say no to a challenge.
I don't really want to buy painter's stilts, you know, so...
Probably not going to do that one.
But, I don't know. I think it would be funny to do the Yippie Yips if we can pull it off.
So, we may do that. We'll see.
Because I'm kind of... I'm not entirely broke right now, but, you know, it's like I could be doing other things right now.
So we'll see.
I love the chat room is trying. They're trying.
Black Wolf in our chat room says, let's say, just as a hypothetical, if I paid for Loki's airfare, accommodations, and Dragon Con badge, would he cosplay as Tingle at Dragon Con?
No.
But I would if you paid for all of that.
I know, I'm like, I would.
You failed to understand, though, that I can't travel, remember?
Oh yeah, that's right.
So that doesn't work.
There's now one of the difference about having the baby and having the kitty is that, you know, somebody can come watch the kitty and you can leave them on their own for so long.
Well, you can do that with a kid later on, but not right now.
That's true, that's true.
So, yeah, so there's that.
And then other stuff I played, I played a little bit more of Retro City Rampage.
I only like 30 minutes of it because I've been really just busy with Minecraft.
But I played a little bit of Retro City Rampage and that was fun.
I got to do a mission where my future self comes back in and a souped up DeLorean and we had to charge the DeLorean's engine or whatever by running over people.
So that was kind of fun.
And then also I did play a little bit of the Playstation All-Stars Battle Royale.
I just played one ranked match and did the tutorial.
It's alright.
The game for me is similar to Smash Brothers, but the problem with that game, I've been playing with four people that I don't know, it's just very chaotic.
I mean, I don't really know any of the characters' moves or anything.
The tutorial doesn't really, you know, it just basically tells you, okay, this button's a hit, this button's to throw people, go.
And you kind of have to figure it all out.
How long is that thing going for? Because I've yet to jump on board.
Ten more days.
Okay, so I've still got some time.
Yeah, so you've got time for that.
Maybe during break I'll go set the PS3 up to download that.
It's not on PS3. Well, yeah, PlayStation Plus, I guess. Yeah, you can do that.
Yeah, I have PS Plus.
So, and of course it's cross-play, so you can play against people that have the PS3 version and stuff.
What else did I do?
That was pretty much it.
I worked a little bit more on the whole DDR stuff.
I keep thinking about it.
I wanted what's going to cost so much to, you know, machine the stuff I need to.
So I'm almost like, maybe I should build a CIT and C machine.
So I may do that too. We'll see.
All right, my gaming week. I'll try to be quick because I know we're running long tonight.
But there's some new things I want to talk about.
First, let me get the old out of the way.
I've been playing more World of Warcraft, Mr. Pandaria, and while I overall do...
Fucking pandas.
And while overall I do love fucking pandas...
Oh, that sounded really bad, didn't it?
Let's rewind a little bit. Maybe I didn't really say that.
We dedicate this episode to Shermie, the episode of beastiality.
No, no, because that would insinuate necro beastiality.
Anyway, good lord, my gaming week.
Yes, I played Mr. Pandaria or whatever you want to call it.
And here's the thing, as much as I love the expansion, dailies are going to drive me fucking insane.
You're a bitch.
I'm done with dailies.
And if you want to get the best gear in the game, you've got to do the dailies.
And I'm so over it. That's all I want to say.
Mass Effect 3.
Despite Dark Soccer's issues, I'm actually able to play.
Even though it will take me like five minutes to connect, finally it will connect.
And on PC. I need to play more on Xbox 360. I really do.
I can't believe the days are here where it's easier to do it on Xbox Live than it is the PC.
But believe it.
I've been really enjoying this expansion content.
Even though the collectors are such assholes, every time they show up as the enemy, you're like,
Oh god, why? Oh god, Praetorians are such dicks.
Oh god, he's possessed.
But otherwise, Mass Effect 3 is great.
So let's talk about new stuff.
One game that I know y'all probably saw the review on vognetwork.com of,
and if you haven't seen it yet, you should go check out Vognetwork.
Because not only am I reviewing games, but we've got reviews up of TV shows and comic books and audio dramas.
Everything geek you can think of. It's there at vognetwork.com.
And there's plenty more coming throughout next week and so forth.
So make it a habit to check every day, okay?
But anyway, on vognetwork.com, I reviewed Dance Central 3, which Harmonix was kind enough to send us a copy of.
And I did enjoy it.
You know, I like Dance Central 1. I like Dance Central 2.
And I think by the time you get to a third game, you start to kind of feel like,
alright, what are they going to be able to pull off that's actually new that they didn't do in the past two games?
Believe it or not, Dance Central 3 did find some new things to do.
One of them is a very, very smart party mode.
And, you know, when you boot the game, do you want to go to the main menu or do you want to just start the party?
And when I'm talking party mode, I'm talking pretty good mix of multiplayer things.
You know, the two people dancing at the same time that you're used to.
This whole dance battle tournament style thing where, you know, the crew battle,
where you can set it up with like eight people, I think, can all do this.
Or just jump in, jump out, high five, play.
It's really smart the way they did it.
And I think it's going to get even better.
It's unfortunate I couldn't see the game's full, full potential right now because Smart Glass,
it's supposed to be one of the first games that's going to support the Smart Glass,
where while people are dancing on the couch, maybe you're not the type that wants to get up and dance.
Well, you can sit there on the couch and control what songs are coming up next through Smart Glass.
So I think that's a pretty neat use of it.
You know, it's using the technology wisely without whoring it, and I think that's a smart way to do it.
So, yeah, there's a lot of good stuff in Dance Central 3, especially when it comes to multiplayer.
Oh, the mimic. You can do a dance move and then your partner has to like mimic it too.
That's kind of neat.
Solo stuff. When it comes to the solo stuff, it's kind of what you know already.
I mean, there's only so much one person can do.
However, there is a comprehensive new story mode in the game.
I thought it was a little silly.
Some people will enjoy its over-the-topness.
I was a little bit like, all right, why am I playing this mode again?
Because I'd rather would just like choose the songs I want to do and dance to it.
And to give the game credit, I can do that.
I can just go into the dance mode to do it.
But I did kind of sit there going, oh, this mode is actually put together really nicely.
It's kind of a shame it's so silly.
But, you know, I liked the concept that you were traveling through the decades
because it really gave it a comprehensive song list.
But to give you an idea how silly it was, you find yourself in Dance Central Intelligence, DCI,
and they send you back in time to find the dance moves of the evil guy.
It's silly.
But it was a good excuse to put things like YMCA, you know, and some of the 70s classics are there.
I actually thought the 70s-
Do we get the hustle?
Yes, the hustle is in the game.
Oh my God, I have to play it.
Do you know what song is in the game?
You Will Lose Your Shit to represent the 80s.
What?
Let the music play.
That's like my favorite 80s song ever.
I know.
When I saw that in there, I was like, oh, Dark Soccer is going to flip her shit.
But then there's like, okay-
Consider my shit flipped.
Then some of the 90s stuff, I was like, all right, we need to stop.
We need to stop.
Ice Ice Baby.
You know, he's 45 now.
Vanilla Ice is 45.
Hangin' Tough, or one of the new Kids on the Block songs is in there.
This is silly, silly shit.
Really?
Okay, so as much as you can look at that and laugh and whatever, when you get into the modern stuff,
I was not a big, big fan of the modern stuff they picked.
Here's the problem.
Dance Central 1 and Dance Central 2 had such good song lists when it came to contemporary stuff,
there was really slim pickings for 3.
I mean, some of the newer- like, they have moves like Jagger and the J-Lo song,
and you know, some of them are represented,
but it didn't feel as modern club as Dance Central 1 and Dance Central 2.
But the good news, of course, if you own the prior games, you import the song list for 400 Microsoft points.
You don't have to pay it again for number 1 if you already imported 1 into 2,
which is great.
So, um, yeah.
I, you know, overall, I ended up giving the game a B-plus on VOG Network.
The strengths, of course, were the party mode, the instant stuff.
The fact that I felt like there were more things to do in Part 3 from Part 2
than there were from Part 1 to Part 2.
Mm-hmm.
What?
Was there gay dancing mode?
Funny you should bring that up.
You know, if you play Dance Central 2, a lot of the dances are very, shall we say, feminine.
Dance Central 3, I wasn't feeling that.
And maybe a big part of that has to do with the song list.
Although there was one song. What was it?
Oh, um, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
Hello.
Hello.
Uh uh uh oh.
You know that song?
Like, you have to do, like, these little, like, moves called, like, seduce and things
where you're basically, like, smacking your ass and all this stuff.
That was, that was still a little, a little bit gay dancing.
But, you know, I liked it a little bit.
And plus, nothing is more hilarious, I'm sorry, I don't care who you are,
we're gonna have some real talk right now about Dance Central.
Nothing is more hilarious than when you get to that freestyle section of the song
where it takes 16 pictures of you or whatever really fast
to run up to the camera and start booty poppin'
and then turn around just in time to see your butt back on the screen.
Come on.
You know you've all tried it.
No, I have not tried it.
You need to try it. It's fun.
I still think, though, that nothing is as wonderful as watching you play, um, the ABBA.
Oh, the, the, uh, yeah, that's, that's the sad thing,
is that the 70s, unfortunately, did not have ABBA to represent them.
But I always thought Sony had the lock on ABBA because of SingStar,
but then Ubisoft had that You Can Dance game, so I don't know, I guess.
I'm not gonna hold my breath.
I'm not gonna hold my breath for Dance Central to get the rights to it.
It's, it's alright. It's alright.
So, uh, there you go.
AcidicVampire in chat says, yes, but can I bend and snap?
You can do whatever you want in freestyle mode.
BlackWolf in our chatroom says, I've never tried that.
I've also never fucked pandas like Rob has.
Hey, hey, shut up.
Alright, what else new can I talk about?
Oh, um, I went into GameStop this week.
I know, I know.
I just, I was there and I had this impulse.
Like, I, I, I had to have LittleBigPlanet on the PlayStation Vita right now.
Like, I wasn't gonna wait for Amazon. I had to go get it right now.
I understand that, so why didn't you just buy it digitally?
You know what?
Because, because I want, I don't, I don't like it.
That worked out for me getting Mass Effect 3 because I was impatient
and I actually got him to go down to the Amazon price.
But anyway, I, I ended up buying it.
But not only did I, um, go into GameStop to buy that game,
but they had a Wii U demo unit up and running.
So, uh, check that, I think these things are starting to show up
at your Best Buys and GameStops and where have you.
Uh, so if you want to get your hands on the Wii U, you can do that.
Uh, I was surprised, I'll say this much.
I don't want to get into the whole Wii U debate thing again
because we're already running long, but I will say this much.
I was surprised those tablets were a lot bigger than I was giving it credit for.
Because in my mind, I'm thinking, oh, that thing is kind of like
the bottom part of a, a 3DS or whatever.
So I was thinking it was gonna be, like, I didn't think it would be that small,
but I didn't think it would be that big either.
So I was pleasantly surprised with the size of the Wii U pad.
Otherwise, there wasn't a lot on the demo unit to really get a feel for the system.
The only thing you could play was the Rayman's, uh, game.
And I watched Alan play it, I didn't really want to play it.
He played some mode that really reminded me of Bit.Trip Runner,
which I don't remember that being in Rayman, but alright,
I guess it's one of the mini-games or whatever,
is there's like a mode like Bit.Trip Runner where you're kind of hitting buttons in tune to the music.
So, there you go.
So, hmm, um, what was I gonna say, uh, so was the controller comfortable? I mean...
Yeah, I thought it was, it was fine. I didn't, I didn't really hold it for very long
because Alan did the playing of the demo, but I thought, I thought it was fine.
It's, it's, it's like bigger than a PlayStation Vita.
I mean, it's, you do have to kind of get used to it.
It's like holding this small little laptop in your hands.
It's almost, it's almost bigger than this.
This, uh, it's slightly bigger than this.
And I'm pointing at this, um, laptop thing.
The Dell Mini 10.
Dark Soccer's using what?
The Dell Mini 10.
Yeah.
So, anyway.
I apparently just got an answer from EA about my stupid Mass Effect thing, so I'm going to check it.
Oh, are you gonna try playing Mass Effect right now during the show?
No, I can't play on the netbook.
I was gonna say.
That'll make that thing implode if you try to do that.
Alright.
It won't make it implode. It'll just melt into a puddle of for fuck's sake.
Uh, Nate4322 in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Rob, would you buy it?
I'm thinking about getting one.
Um, I'm probably gonna get one because I'm a consumer whore.
I didn't pre-order one, though.
And hell.
I didn't, so unless I can get the hookup, wink, wink, nudge, nudge, uh, through friends, I'm, I may not, I may be shit out of luck.
You can do what I did.
What?
Wait in line outside Target.
All night.
I don't, oh yeah, Target didn't do pre-orders, did they?
We bribed, we bribed our way into the line.
Yeah.
Um, I was gonna say that, uh, well, Rayman Legends is your type of game.
You're not getting it at launch.
It's coming out in March now.
Alright.
Um, hey, that's launch window.
Cause, you know, launch window is like this, you know, if Nintendo has windows that large, I mean, shit, I'm surprised they haven't gotten broken into.
Alright, you.
We're not debating the Wii U tonight.
Um, I will talk about, though, LittleBigPlanet Vita briefly.
I haven't been able to spend a whole lot of time with it, but I will say I'm pleasantly surprised with it so far.
It really does feel like I'm playing LittleBigPlanet 2 on the go.
The game looks really nice.
And the new touch mechanic, pretty cool, where, um, basically the new big thing you can do is that certain blocks will be a very bright color.
It's very prominent.
You can't miss it.
And you can actually pick those blocks up with your finger and move them around.
And you can use them to, uh, you know, move Sackboy and so forth.
But they also, you know, you can use it like little plungers to make Sackboy like a pinball.
You know, you can kind of do different things with it.
And I thought this was really cool, some of the mini games.
Like, you'll launch a mini game and the little icon comes up that says, turn your PS Vita sideways.
So you turn the PlayStation Vita sideways and the whole level is played vertically.
Like, the first one you get is like a whack-a-mole thing that you use with your finger.
So, you know, LittleBigPlanet in so far, it's, uh, it's impressing me.
Um, I haven't had enough, again, to give my full impressions.
But the one other thing I'll say about it that I actually liked compared to LittleBigPlanet 2 is that it did not default to,
let's go online and play with strangers, yay!
Like, no, it defaults to play by yourself.
And if you want to do that, you can.
But you don't, like, it's not being shoved down your throat to do that.
So I'm, I'm, uh, I was very happy about that.
And that already has me liking it almost a little more than LittleBigPlanet 2.
Although I do love LittleBigPlanet 2.
Alright, we're going to get into gaming news already, but first, some quick housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R and, uh, of course, Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to be our friend on various social networks.
Um, I think that's really it.
There's no, the award nomination stuff is all over now.
We're just waiting to hear if enough of you nominated.
And we'll find out, I think Stitcher's stuff goes up tomorrow, so we'll see.
We'll let you know on the next show.
But meanwhile, we're going to deliver some gaming news and talk about it a little bit.
So, Loki, as always, start us off.
So, let's talk about another company laying off people.
It's, uh, Sony this time around.
They're cutting 2,000 jobs out of their head office.
And, um, they're expecting about 20% of the employees leaving by the end of the year.
The way they're doing this is they're giving them early retirements, I guess.
And, um, also I guess they, uh, had already laid off 10,000 people earlier this year.
And, uh, I guess just trying to, you know, make up some of the lost money that they've had.
Because, uh, they're trying to, I guess, save $378 million annually.
I mean, that's kind of the trend nowadays.
Like, got to do more with less, I guess.
And, you know, sometimes maybe they just have too much overlap with some of those positions.
You know, funny enough, somebody asked me earlier.
We were playing that clip about, uh, the tester and all that earlier in the show.
Somebody asked me, do you know if there's going to be a tester for the answer?
Yes, I actually can answer that for you.
The answer is no, there's not going to be a tester for.
And the reason why, it actually has nothing to do with the quality of the show or whatever,
or whatever easy joke you want to make.
Remember when all those layoffs happened at Santa Monica Studio that majorly hit the PR department in that area?
The people who did the tester were let go.
That's surrounding out there on the internet.
Wasn't that also core as well, then they get rid of core?
I believe so.
So, there will not be a tester for unless they decide to rehire for it at a later time.
And go fig, that core wasn't a very good, um, way to get people to sign up for PlayStation Plus.
Unfortunate.
Yeah, well, what you gonna do?
Um, so yeah, that kind of sucks.
Also, they're saying that they are going to be letting go 840 employees as part of their lens factory in Minokamo.
Because, you know, they do make blu-ray players and CD players and DVD players, so.
And cameras.
Lots of lenses.
Well, do you think this has to, is this the usual ebb and flow of what we see happening at game companies where projects end and people get let go?
Or do you want to go so far as to make the argument that the PlayStation 3's performance or lack thereof is to blame for this?
I think it's neither of that. I think all it is is just that they're maybe suffering losses in other areas.
Like perhaps, you know, TV's aren't maybe doing as well. You know, the Sony phones maybe not selling as well.
Or they just need to cut costs because they're not making as much as they were before.
And so now they're going to just lay people off. I mean, that kind of happens in all industries where they'll just kind of try to streamline things a little bit more.
Maybe they just don't have work for these people. Or, you know, they decided, hey, we don't need a reality show that kind of is alright, I guess.
And it's costing us a lot of money to put this out. And really, we're not seeing much of a return on, you know, people signing up for PlayStation Plus.
Although I don't think that was exclusive to PlayStation Plus. But we don't have people coming to our network because of the tester.
So let's just cut some costs there and we'll just give people free games instead for PlayStation Plus.
Tiger Claw in our chatroom says, do you think the people who won on the tester also got laid off? Can Sony lay off game testers? Well, yes, they can.
And actually, go back and listen to the show that had Asuka was on the show, you know, when that was new.
It ended up being the week before she was kicked off. But she said that they would get everybody hyped up about the prize and then the cameras would cut.
Just so you guys know, it's a six month contract. So technically, Sony was never under any obligation to hire those people.
Didn't we talk about it like a couple weeks ago? There was the guy that, I think it was the first guy that won. He came out like smashing, like totally dissing Sony on a bunch of stuff.
Like talking about how they've made mistakes, you know, left and right with their properties. Did they? I don't know. I don't think we talked about that here.
Yeah, I remember reading that. Well, I can say the second guy who won, the gamer, he used his position to end up moving up to Sony Pictures.
He works for Sony Entertainment now, so he wouldn't have been affected by this. The first guy, he got into PR, so he might've, I mean, I don't know, I can't speak for the guy.
And the other thing to consider too is all these layoffs are in Japan. There's nothing in the US. But we did have the PR layoffs that happened just not that long ago.
I don't know what would have happened with the third guy that won because he was a very recent winner, but most of these guys, and he was an associate producer, right?
Yeah, he was probably under contract somewhere or something.
And as ShadowNextGen in chat says, any company can lay off anyone. That's absolutely right. So who knows? Who knows?
Been there, done that.
Yep. All right, let's move on with more news. Good luck to those that were impacted by this. This is never any fun to report on.
But hey, I'll use this as an opportunity to plug Bobby's show from tonight. He had a great interview tonight with a game recruiter who was very motivational about how to, you know, kind of be resilient about what happens when you get laid off and kind of what not to do.
And I found that very interesting because he was very honest. So I'm not going to give it all away though. You have to go check that out, BobbyBlackWolf.
Show which will be posted to vognetwork.com at some point this week or look him up on Stitcher as well, BobbyBlackWolf.
Let's talk about Zynga real quick. So Zynga is having a very interesting year. They're stock, they're games, and now people seem to be abandoning ship left and right.
And one of these people that's left is getting sued. And it's the former Cityville general manager. I didn't even realize there was a game called Cityville, but I guess that makes sense.
The guy's name is Alan Patmore. And in this lawsuit, Zynga believes that Alan Patmore uploaded company assets to a Dropbox account from his company computer, both on the day before and day of his departure from the company.
Well that's a no-no. That would be information on Zynga's game mechanics, Cityville's performance assessments, monetization plans, emails, design documents, including an unreleased game design document.
So Mr. Patmore went to a social game company called KixEye and Zynga is alleging, again we can't say he did it, we don't know, but Zynga is alleging in these documents that he is going to use this information to directly compete with Zynga.
A quote from the lawsuit could be used to improve a competitor's internal understanding and know-how of core game mechanics and monetization techniques, its execution, and ultimately its market standing to compete more effectively with Zynga.
Patmore apparently refused to sign a termination certification. They're saying this reaffirmed all of this information.
They're trying to block Patmore and his company from accessing the data and they want it back.
KixEye, in an interview with All Things Digital, said they have nothing to do with the suit, but apparently they slipped this thing in at Zynga.
Unfortunately, this appears to be Zynga's new employee retention strategy, suing former employees to scare current employees into staying.
Thoughts? I mean, we don't know if the guy really did it or not.
I mean, if it's true, big if, capital I, capital F, if it's true, that's obviously a huge no-no.
You don't upload shit to your personal account. I mean, that's just setting yourself up for disaster, no matter what it is.
It's one thing to take, you know, company typefaces that were designed for the company. Another thing to take game mechanics.
Yeah, it's kind of different. It's kind of, well, it's still not appropriate.
I can't help it if they had pretty font, okay?
But still, I mean, let's say that if you did design work at the company, what's appropriate for you to take with you and master files?
Technically, you did it on the company clock, so they belong to the company.
That's true. But there is, you can keep your own work for the sake of your portfolio.
I was just about to say, now, surely you can have like a PDF for your portfolio or whatever, but you don't get to keep.
If it's stuff this guy designed, then he's entitled to retain a copy for himself. He just can't use it elsewhere.
Yeah, but if we're talking about information on Zynga's game mechanics, assessments of the performance, that's not one person.
So what you're saying is he had a copy of Tiny Towers on his computer that he uploaded to the Dropbox, right?
So, yeah, I don't know. Zynga, we're going to get into this a little later when we get to the Google question of the week,
but I'm very interested to see where Zynga ends up in a few years because it really seems like that company is, it's abandoned ship fast over there.
I don't know. So I kind of point and laugh at them every time I'm in San Francisco.
I have a cry because I always go, that was the Sega building that used to be like Dreamcast headquarters.
And now it's Farmville 2 headquarters. I know, seriously. Fuck a whole lot of Farmville 2.
I keep getting invites for that on Facebook. I have tried to block it and I'm still getting it.
While I'm at it, fuck Facebook. Do you know I couldn't use the Facebook?
You know how like Facebook has a separate camera application? It would not let me use it.
It says location services are required to use this application.
I said fuck you and deleted it. I'll just use Instagram where it's optional.
And like every time, I'm going to get on a separate here, but I turn location stuff off on Facebook and I've talked about this before.
If I want to advertise where I am, I'll use Foursquare.
Otherwise, I don't see the need to always post every place I'm at, including my home address.
So turn it off. But it just keeps magically coming back on on Facebook.
I'm about ready to go back to Google+.
I'm about ready to just delete Facebook, but I've threatened that about four times on this show and I haven't done it yet.
So I need to put my money where my mouth is, I guess.
On top of that, Facebook has turned into Attention Horse Central.
Pay attention to me. Pay attention to me.
Well, Facebook does exist on the Internet, so we'll see.
Let's pay attention to your story, Dark Soccer. What do you have for us?
This is awesome because it's Sega. Sega.
I'm sure you've all heard of the Model 2 arcade board, right? There's some great games on it.
Virtua Fighter. Well, I won't say Virtua Fighter was great because I'm a Virtua Fighter.
I thought you said great games.
Yeah. Well, there's a lot of people who are fans of Virtua Fighter 2.
I only played that game to try to knock Kage's mask off.
Sonic Fighters. Sonic the Fighters was great.
And one of my favorite ever games, Virtual On.
Well, there's going to be an Xbox Live arcade and a PlayStation Network, which is a release game that's a Model 2 collection.
Virtua Fighter 2, Fighting Vipers, Cyber Trooper Virtual On, Virtua Striker, and Sonic the Fighters.
I'll tell you what my experience with Sonic the Fighters is, is Fighters Megamix.
You could also play as the car from Daytona and beat people up with a car.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Which I believe is another Model 2 game, right?
Yes. No, it was Home Only.
That already came out anyway.
Daytona was Model 2.
I was thinking of Fighters Megamix.
I understand. Yes, it's already come out.
I understand. It's still another excuse to play the song.
Anyway, it's going to be, for Japan pricing anyways, 800 Microsoft points, or 10 bucks.
I'm sure we're going to get it, so yay.
We need a Fighters Megamix 2.
Fighters Megamix was so much fun.
It's just the fun thing about playing as a car.
I'm a car. Punch. Sonic versus car.
That was great.
Good times.
Okay.
I was just thinking. I saw a Robot Chicken clip this week of Street Fighter.
It was basically Ryu telling people what to do as far as scheduling all their fights and stuff.
One of the fights was Ken.
I thought I was supposed to be fighting E. Honda.
No, I'm sorry. That says you're fighting A. Honda.
This is stupid. Why would I want to fight a car?
Just punch the car. Okay. He starts punching the car.
Hey, this is actually kind of cool.
So it was like the bonus round?
Yeah, it was the bonus round.
That's pretty cool.
That was great.
Anyways, let's talk a little bit about some cool stuff.
We always talk about holodeck gaming as kind of the, you know, oh my god.
Everything we've ever done in gaming has been taking us one step closer to the holodeck.
Remember when we were kids and we all saw Mode 7 for the first time, like pilot wings and stuff?
And it's like, oh my god. This blows my fucking mind.
Dracula X on Super Nintendo.
The fire's moving.
Oh my god. It's like real parallax scrolling.
Everything since then has been taking us one step closer to the holodeck.
Yeah, and we're not the only ones to think that.
Of course, also Gearbox Software President Randy Pitchford kind of saying the same thing.
Imagine the spectrum of what's possible in the computing world.
And, you know, basically look at how fast everything is progressing.
You know, how the engines are getting bigger and bigger.
It says the real exciting thing is about the people, the relationships and the business involved and how they're working together.
You know, obviously there's going to be, you know, better simulations, better.
I mean, if you think about it, look at how far things have gone in just the last like 20 years, 30 years.
I mean, it's just been like, holy crap.
Well, yeah, I mean, Super Nintendo was 1990 when that came out.
So like 92 would have been right at the height of like Super Nintendo.
Yeah, I mean, we're 20 years since then.
20 years. Can you imagine what 20 years from now is going to be? It's like, fuck yeah.
Or what is the Ultra HD?
We're just going to have a chip in our brain. So we close our eyes and we're playing Mass Effect.
Well, now there's, you'll get to make out with Garris for real.
There's Ultra HD now is that new thing, right?
Because I was reading on the internet this week, that's the now approved 4K.
4K is now Ultra HD or whatever. So that's what we have to look forward to.
And, you know, 3D is already a thing.
I'm sure it's just a matter of time before you have an environment where you can have TVs on three walls,
so you can like look all around you and see things in 3D. I mean, that's where we're going to be at in 20 years.
That would basically be the Microsoft thing that they have with their projectors and stuff, what we were talking about before.
They actually are doing holographic television. I was watching a special on it just like a month ago.
And you want to know what kind of creeps me out? Like now that I have an iPhone 5,
you know what kind of creeps me out a little bit? Siri.
Like for real. Like, Siri kind of creeps me out a little bit because like I can tell it.
Open the pod bay doors.
Yeah, she's a little slow though.
That's a rather insensitive thing to say to an intelligent agent.
See, but like she does shit like that. Like the other day, or no, no, this is earlier.
Like just earlier today, I hit the little button. I said, Siri, wake me up in 30 minutes.
And she goes, okay, I set the alarm for, you know, 440 or whatever it was.
And then I just out of habit, I went, thank you. That's it. And she goes, I live to serve.
And I'm like, I just talked to my iPhone. Really? You live to serve. Are you programmed?
Have you ever told Siri good night? No, I never had. Good night to you too.
See, like we're getting into like, like we're getting a little closer to this Cylon thing that has me a little bit worried.
I mean, artificial intelligence has really taken off in 20 years too. That's all I'm saying.
Like, can you imagine that type of interaction, like in a mass effect type of game? It's just, it's crazy.
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
No one cares.
Hush.
Just because it could, doesn't mean that it would.
Why can't it just say stop fucking wasting my time with stupid inane questions?
Doesn't she get offended if you go like, fuck you or whatever. Doesn't she say, you are entitled to your opinion, or this is about you, not about me.
That one's my favorite. What if you go, you can also though, ask her how to make meth and it'll pull up the chemical formula.
What if you, what if you, um, you go up to her and you go, Hey, how you doing? You know, like friends.
How you doing?
I'm testing it out.
Siri's thinking about it.
Beep beep.
Okay.
Let me try one here.
Where could I score some marijuana?
Schedule?
Yes. I'm sorry. You can't take the train to marijuana town.
I like though. I like this one.
Where can I hide a body?
Martuaries, swamps, metal foundries, cremation services, reservoirs, mines, or dumps.
Metal foundries.
What is this Terminator?
All right, turn that bitch off. I'm sorry.
Where, where were we? Holodeck.
How can I stop Skynet?
Anyways, so holiday gaming, of course it's always going to be what it's going to be.
You know, the goal. And I think that, you know, as we get, it seems to be the whole kind of 3D's coming back, the whole VR stuff's almost coming back a little bit with that, um, you know, Oculus Rift stuff.
And, you know, of course more of the, you know, haptic technologies are kind of taking off.
I'm sure in, I'm sure in 10 years time we'll have, you know, some pretty interesting, uh, interactions with the computers. It's going to become more seamless.
You know, it's, it's just like, you know, if you think about it now, you know, like 30 years ago, someone told you, yeah, you're going to be carrying around computers with you.
You know, like everybody's like had that whole futuristic fantasy of like a wristwatch computer thing, but look at, look at that, you've got like a HD screen in your, the palm of your hand.
It's basically better than what you wanted.
You know, 20 years ago you had a 40 megabyte drive in your computer and that was like Uber storage for everything. Now you can store what, like almost a thousand times that in the, in a little tiny chip in your hand. It's crazy.
So it's, it's going to be interesting.
Well, I'm glad that our game developers are already thinking about the holodeck. That's, I think that's a good sign.
Too bad it doesn't matter because the world's going to end this, no, just kidding. No one believes that, except for crazy people.
All right. Well, one thing that the holodeck may not have in it is Facebook and Twitter. That's because Microsoft is doing away with it. In their fall 2012 update, Twitter and Facebook are going to be gone from the dashboard.
These apps are officially being retired. In an interview with IGN, Microsoft said they are quote retiring the Facebook and Twitter apps. No comment on if they're ever going to come back.
Assumptions are, well, now you have Internet Explorer 9 that's built in. So if you really want to do Facebook and Twitter, you can go on to Internet Explorer and do it that way.
All right. Let's be real though. Everybody's talking about this on the internet. Everybody's mentioning this. I bet if they had just deleted them, a lot of you would have never known because seriously, when was the last time you used Twitter on your Xbox?
I'll tell you when you used Twitter on your Xbox. You loaded it up the first day it came out and wrote a tweet that said, hi from my Xbox 360, lol butts goodbye. And that was probably the last time you did it.
So instead of, you know, making Twitter and Facebook so terribly difficult to use in the Xbox 360, why couldn't they have implemented it into the dashboard?
Oh, because that would have taken too much work. Because before it was like, okay, you have the exit out of your game. You have the exit out of all this other stuff to see information on Twitter or Facebook.
But Windows Messenger, you can get messages on that and you can see them pop up. But why can't you just have the same thing on the dashboard for the Xbox 360 where you can pop it up immediately, just hit the guide button or something like that and see that.
Because that would be too much work. We want you to use our shitty fucking internet browser, Internet Explorer.
Yeah, if a console really wanted to be cutting edge, you would have one button. You should be able to press one button and get a menu and hit Facebook and your feed comes right up.
None of this loading time, none of this going out of the app, it needs to be embedded or it's useless.
I think it's also kind of stupid that, well, I'm sure they're proud of Internet Explorer, but no one's like, fuck yeah, I get to use Internet Explorer on my Xbox. Just call it the Xbox web browser.
Because Internet Explorer doesn't mean fucking kick ass, it means fucking garbage is what it means.
Because Microsoft is not going to give up on their branding.
It's basically the thing I use to go fucking download Firefox or Google Chrome. I use it the one time when I loaded my operating system to download that fucking program if I don't already have it on jump drive.
Okay, now here's the thing. I will say this about the Facebook application. There's one thing that I did think was very useful about that Facebook application.
You could go in and you could instantly see what your friends, your people on Facebook, what their gamer tags were.
So if you were like their friend on Facebook and they connected to the Xbox, you could see their gamer tag so you could easily add people to your Xbox friends list.
That was useful. I hope they will retain that in some capacity. That's really all I can think of.
Of course, they still have not upped the limit.
I was just about to say.
So I can't add anybody else anyway, but, you know, if somebody decides to, you know, face, if somebody decides to Xbox breakup with me, as this happened in the past, then I'll have a couple slots where I can add more people and I would like them to be people I know on Facebook and what have you.
So, let's see.
Blackwolf in our chat says, hey guys, remember we could watch videos on our 360 without loading a Zune video app? Those were good times.
Yeah, they need to make this stuff easier, not more difficult.
Their apps thing is kind of dumb. I mean.
It's what bugs me about Mass Effect 3 on Origin and why I keep giving Origin a bad time.
Origin, if you want to get it right, I should be able to load Mass Effect 3 and instantly go into a multiplayer game. Instantly. Not five minutes later.
And not have to verify my DLC.
That's the stuff that's starting to bug me. That's what's going to keep the holodeck from happening. Bullshit. Bullshit is going to stop the holodeck from happening.
Yes, we're headed towards the holodeck, but we are having to go through so much bullshit to get there.
I'm sorry, we can't authenticate your person because you've gotten a haircut.
Come back in two months once your hair has grown out. It's ridiculous.
Just remember how they were talking about, and I don't even know anybody that would ever do this, where you would leave your Xbox 360 on and Kinect would recognize your face and log you in.
Or I can hit the guide button and just log myself in, probably infinitely faster than that stupid thing.
And I don't have to have Kinect hooked up.
SSG100Matt in our chatroom says, at live.vognetwork.com says, where is my MySpace or GeoCities app? Didn't GeoCities finally officially close?
It's totally gone. MySpace, however, is coming back, baby.
To be fair, I use the Twitter app in Xbox about as often as I use, well, maybe a couple more times on the Vita, but I haven't really used it on the Vita or the Facebook app.
Because I have a phone. It's cool they have this integration, and weren't they going to have it where you can send screenshots of your gameplay and stuff like that on Facebook?
Some games have that, like NBA, 2K13, or whatever.
Like, yeah, why don't we just add that to all games instead of just, you know...
Here's the other thing. Like, I'm now going to access Twitter on my phone. Okay? Ready? Tap. Tap. Wait. There's my feed. It's up, and it's already refreshed.
That's how long it took me to get Twitter up on my phone. That's why I prefer to use my phone, because you know how long that would have taken me to do on my Vita?
You know, opening...
And then, like, oh, downloading new update.
And then, like, oh, going to connecting to Twitter.
Downloading tweets. Like, it doesn't work that fast. That's the problem.
Hooray for you getting Twitter. Now make it work better.
So, anyway.
Let's move on with Dark Soccer.
Actually, real quick, I was going to say it's even more ironic, the fact that they're getting rid of Facebook and Twitter, is how integrated that stuff is in Windows 8.
It kind of seems a little backwards that we're getting this Windows 8 dashboard thing on the Xbox, and yet they're not having that same type of integration.
Well, maybe they're able to do it instantly on the desktop, where they are having that problem on the Xbox for whatever reason.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Tangled Yarn.
Are you knitting during the show?
I'm crocheting, thank you.
My ball of cheap-ass yarn has got a tangle in it. Never buy yarn from the dollar store.
Anyway, how many people liked Elder Scrolls III and liked Oblivion?
Me.
Who liked Kingdoms of Amalur?
I didn't play it.
Far less people.
I hear it's not bad. I don't think we should give it too much shit.
Well, the lead designer for those two Elder Scrolls games, Ken Rolston, jumped ship. He's off with Turbine Now, which is the developer for Lord of the Rings Online and Dungeons and Dragons Online.
Which I'm kind of playing Lotor, but kind of. It's pretty. It's got cherry blossoms, so I like it.
Basically, I'm trying to see if I can. Yeah, he basically said they're really excited to have him, and I guess that the Elder Scrolls franchise will just have to keep going with whoever the new people are.
Well, he didn't have Skyrim on his resume. That game turned out alright.
But still, I'm not this guy, obviously. It's a name I've heard before, and I know he's contributed a lot to these franchises, so I think any company is lucky to have him.
And he's wearing a beret.
Which instantly makes somebody awesome.

Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of games you can look forward to real soon, and it is getting to be that time of year, right?
It's already been that time of year for a few weeks now.
Yeah, I mean, next month's a huge month, right?
It's not so bad.
But yeah, there's a lot of games coming out. This week, of course, we had Skylanders Giants come out today, along with all those wonderful packs and stuff.
That was on PS3, Xbox 360, the Wii, and the 3DS and PC.
On the Vita this week, we get Street Fighter X Tekken. On PC, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Medal of Honor Warfighter.
On PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013. Also, they have a bundle with this Fear Master gun. It senses your fear!
Your fear of playing a mediocre game, but it senses it!
That game, that should be a gun for Silent Hill or something like that.
Fear gun.
It senses your heart.
It senses your heart. It's basically the Nintendo... that sensor thing that never came out.
The Vitality sensor.
Yes, it's the Vitality sensor for Cabela's... yeah.
And then they also have Cabela's Hunting expeditions on the same systems as well.
Maybe that was something that was originally being developed for the Vitality sensor, but when that kind of went away...

Alright, maybe not.
Just Dance Disney Party on Xbox 360 in the Wii.
Woohoo!
Zero Escape Virtues Last Reward on 3DS in the Vita.
Let's see what else we got here.
Also this week, Myst on the 3DS. I think it's been delayed a few weeks.
Hopefully it's coming out this week.
Naughty Bear Double Trouble on PS3, and it's both mediocre Naughty Bear games.
4's Horizon on Xbox 360 as well as the collector's edition of that.
What else we got here?
Super Monkey Ball Banana Splits on the Vita.
They are still trying, huh?

Smart As on the... not Smart Ass, Smart As with one S on the Vita.
That's also this week. That's supposed to be a brain training game.
And let's see here.
They've got some controller kind of game combos.
So they're re-releasing the God of War Saga collection with a red dual-shot controller.
They also have the infamous collection with a metallic blue controller.
And what was the last one? It was another one of their collections that they released with a silver controller.
I don't remember. It's not important. Those games already are out.
And last but not least, Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask on the 3DS.
Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out what's happening there. Quite a bit, actually.
On the Xbox 360 this week, October 25th, you get Borderlands 2, 4's Horizon, Phantom of Inferno,
Zone of the Ender's HD edition, which I bet some people are very interested in.
Probably creaming their pants.
Exactly. Over on the PlayStation 3 this week, some of the same stuff. Zone of the Ender's HD edition.
Muv Luv.
That sounds a little...
Muv Luv and Muv Luv Alternative are out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Is that Muv Luv or Muff Luv?
I almost said Muff Luv, but it is Muv Luv. I want to say it's an anime, but then again, yet again, here we are. I love this.
I'm sorry, this is too great. I gotta post a screenshot chat. I'm so sorry to the podcast listeners who can't see this.
But look this game up. Muv dash Luv, okay? Because look at this. You got these Japanese girls in school outfits, duh duh duh duh duh,
and this one is sucking on a hot dog in the corner, and then what the fuck is this bitch down here?


She's in a barrel or a bundle of sticks or something.
I've gotta post that for the chatties. Hold on. Here you go.
That is amazing.
That is absolutely amazing. I love it. Now wait, what's Muv Luv Alternative? Is that gonna be the one with the dudes on it? Let me see. Hold on.
What? This isn't even the same game.
Yes it is.
Now it's like chick with the sword. Yeah, I know it's the same, but that doesn't even look the same at all.
So maybe it's like the dark version.
Like one's all about love and one's about killing.
One's like the cutesy, happy universe, the other's like the cyber babe universe.
Okay, I need help. Live chatters. You guys tend to know this stuff when I don't. What is Muv Luv? Somebody tell me.
I've gotta know now.
Like they don't say a lot about these games on the, uh, it's an adventure game.
Like does that mean- An adventure through panties.
Oh wait, here. Oh, there's a YouTube here.
Every anime game ever.
You know, that told me nothing.
Wow, that totally summed it up for me.
I know, it's like, oh, it's like an anime.
It's even bigger, even more love, something. Play it again. No, no, don't play it.
Jason says it's a visual novel. Read Japanese porn.
Well, and to be fair, that is definitely a bundle of straw and not necessarily a, um, a barrel.
Alright, anyway, other games-
For the record, I have bought a digital, a Japanese digital novel that they had in the U.S.
They put it on Sega CD.
Oh, right, right.
Um, it was by the guy who created Cobra.
Uh, PlayStation 3 this week in Japan also gets Heartful Simulator Pochi Slot to Heart II.
Pochi Slot means, you know what, pachinko game.
Oh, Two Hearts, um, anime series.
Dark Souls with Atorias of the Abyss Edition, I'm assuming that's the Dark Souls DLC bundled with a regular game.
Borderlands 2, BioShock in a 2K collection, price reduction, I'm assuming gearing up for the sequel next year.
And Killzone Trilogy, also released on the PlayStation 3.
Again, these are all Japanese releases this week.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, Street Fighter X Tekken in Japan,
as well as next rev, Kaigo Fukushishi Shiken comes out as well.
Uh, on the Nintendo 3DS this week, um, AKB48 plus me?
Oh, good lord, it's like a little girl group.
Oh, is it?
Yeah, AKB48 is like this, um, I guess it's kind of, um, this pop group that keeps cycling in, you know, kind of like Minuto was, you know?
Sure, sure.
Yeah.
Or, um, Morning Musume?
Yeah, kind of.
But Morning Musume was also like a variety show.
Oh, right, right.
But AKB48, like, they're like top 40 list everything, so.
Cool.
Well, there it is, your Japanese release dates.
Let's go to the UK, Dark Sakura.
As soon as I get to the list.
Uh, let's see.
We have, well, on today, which means it's already yesterday there, um, I wanted to say it was Cairo, but it's KALRO.
K-A-L-R-O.
Then on the 23rd, there's Hotline Miami.
Killzone HD and Medal of Honor Warfighter.
On the 24th, Killzone Trilogy PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale.
The 25th, Incredipede.
And the 26th, Forza Horizon Roller Coaster Tycoon and Super Monkey Ball Banana Splits.
Not to be confused with the TV show of the same name from the 60s.
So, thanks to the chatters, did a little research.
Muv Luv, uh, it was an adult game on the PC in February of 2003.
They redid these with the adult content removed on the PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
Boo.
I know, right? What's the point?
Uh, Muv Luv Extra, Muv Luv Unlimited, and then Muv Luv Alternative came out a little later in 2006.
So I'm assuming this is some type of repackaged stuff, or it's like the game's re-, you know, revised, uprezzed, or whatever, reimagining.
So, yeah, cause, they, they show later release dates there, October 25th on the PlayStation 3.
So, I guess this game's been around a little while.
I just have never played it, but now I kinda want to.
I gotta know, I gotta know what the girl in the straw is all about.
Alright, uh, let's see, that's release dates. A couple more stories and then the classic game of the week.
We have, by the way, been graced with Maruko.
Hello, Maruko. Did he finally decide to stop being shy?
Yeah, he let me scratch his butt.
Oh, nice.
Stick his tail in the air, look at him, look at my butt.
That's the closest I've ever seen him get to Loki. He must be getting used to it.
Alright, anyhow.
We interrupt, smell like other, other cats.
We interrupt this kitty appearance for more gaming news.
Alright, um, so let's talk a little bit about Steam Greenlight.
They've got some new games that have been given the go-ahead, and those are, um, 21 new games, and this is kinda cool.
Some of these I actually backed on Kickstarter.
Um, let's see, After Fall, Insanity, Extended Edition, Air Buccaneers, Bloxscape, Contrast, Flyin', Folktale, Forge, the Giana Sisters, Twisted Dreams, which is Project Giana.
That was the one I backed, and it's fuckin' awesome. Cool.
Um, uh, Ginorm, Ginoria, I guess.
Nomoria? No, Nomoria, that's what it was.
Uh, Interstellar Marines, Lost Story, The Last Days of Earth, um, Miasamata, uh, Minor Wars 2081, Neo-Tokyo, which is a pretty awesome.
Um, uh, Source, uh, Mod, Octodad, Dadliest Catch, which is supposed to be pretty awesome.
Um, Perpetuum, Postal 2 Complete, The Secrets of, um, Grendia, The Intruder, The Stanley Parable, HD Remix, which is also supposed to be a pretty awesome Source game.
And Yogg Ventures, those are gonna be, um, the 21 new games that they're gonna be adding to the Steam store at some point soon.
And then also, um, of course, the non-gaming area, which they added recently, is also added to Steam Greenlight as well, so now you can, uh, begin voting on submissions for other stuff that's not necessarily software.
And, uh, don't know what exactly is on there yet, but I'm probably gonna go poke around that at some point.
Um, and last but not least, they're also adding a new thing to Steam Greenlight, which is called Concepts.
It basically allows you to post your game without the $100 fee to gauge, kind of, interest in what people would want to, you know, if people would be even interested in your game.
And so if you get a lot of interest, then you may pony up the $100 to, you know, have it actually greenlit and put on the Steam store. So, that's kinda neat.
Sounds like that project's doing very well for them.
Yeah, it sounds pretty cool.
Awesome, awesome. Alright, one more story for you guys, then we'll get into the classic game of the week.
Uh, this is another legal story. Uh, this is kinda, uh, wow.
Uh, Dave Rushton, who was the founder and president of Sensory Sweep Studios, they were in Utah, he got sentenced to 12 months in the slamma.
Fined $1.2 million in unpaid wages to more than 100 employees.
This goes all the way back to a lawsuit from 2009 by the US Department of Labor.
Uh, apparently, employees claimed they were not paid in over 100 days for their work.
The employees also alleged their 401k money had been stolen by the company.
Uh, Dave Rushton has already served jail time for other charges relating to the company.
He pled guilty to one third degree felony charge of failing to file taxes and one second degree felony charge of engaging in a pattern of unlawful activity.
This is all according to the Salt Lake Tribune.
Uh, 200 hours of community service, 72 months probation.
What did Sensory Sweep Studios do?
They were doing ports and license games on the DS, such as Need for Speed Most Wanted, Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends,
uh, some console games like Alvin and the Chipmunks, or Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting for XBLA.
So that was some of the stuff that the studio did, and apparently, their people weren't getting paid for it.
How not to run your business.
You gotta pay your-
That's right, you gotta, you know, if you're gonna, you know, hire people, you do have to send them a paycheck at some point,
or they might get angry, cause they're kinda waiting on you to pay them.
So they can, like, pay their mortgage, you know, it's kinda things they wanna do.
And you, you probably wanna pay your taxes, as well.
Especially, um, when you are, you know, the head of a company like that.
But, you know, you can just ride it off, you know, for your horse.
Or if you're, if you're a singer, you know, like Lauryn Hill, or, uh, who else got busted for tax evasion?
Like, they, they get caught, the guy who won Survivor, they all end up getting caught, so.
Uh, Wesley Snipes?
Yeah, that's right, that's right, that was a big one too.
But remember, you know, that's how they, that's how they got Capone.
That's right, that's right.
That's how they got Capone.
Alright, uh, let's travel to a classic time, maybe not as classic as Dark Soccer is referring to.
But let's go back a few years, into gaming's history.
And a classic video game that Dark Soccer thinks, hey, brats, play this game, or else, I'll kill you.
If you can find it, good luck.
Yeah, if you can find it. This, I, I honestly, I can say tonight's game, I had never fuckin' heard of this game.
I had never heard of this game.
Wesley, you've got the Namco collection, right?
Yeah, I guess I missed it, somehow.
No, not on PlayStation 1, I don't. I have the PlayStation 3 version with Arkaneo.
Oh, yeah.
Well, the game in question, and I'm going back to the original and its sequel, because I, I really can't mention one without the other,
is, um, Valkyrie no Boken, Toki no Kagi Densetsu.
Um, the game, uh, title translates to The Adventure of Valkyrie, the Legend of the Time Key.
And it came out on, this is the Famicom version.
Right.
Which is sort of overhead-y, Zelda-ish, scroll-y.
It actually, with the way the enemies appear, makes me think of Zelda 2.
Mm-hmm.
And the other-
But I love the music.
Can I just say the other English name people would know this by? Legend of the Valkyrie.
No, that's actually the sequel.
Oh, my bad, okay.
Which is why I said two games.
Oh, okay. Oops.
Yeah.
Um, so basically for the original one, you're in Marvel Land, and, uh, basically you have to, uh, get the Key of Time back from whoever stole it.
And, you know, it's kind of, it actually really has a lot in common with Dragon Warrior, and the real-time combat system of, uh, The Legend of Zelda.
Now, this was, um, it has absolutely no text in the game.
Um, there is a patch that changes the title screen if you've got, uh, the, uh, uh, like if you're playing it on an emulator.
And, um, look for the one that was done by, uh, DVD Translations. That one is the best.
Now, there is, um, a, uh, sequel.
And this is the one that people have probably heard of, is Valkyrie no Densetsu, which is, uh, The Legend of the Valkyrie.
And this came out in 1989, um, as an arcade game, and then it came out on the PC Engine in Japan.
And it is the sequel to the 1986, uh, Famicom game.
This one also came out in the US as part of Namco Museum Volume 5, the O.
Um, and, uh, the PC Engine version came out on the Virtual Console in Japan.
And this one is basically a two-player game.
The player one has Valkyrie, and the second one has Crenosandra, which was romanized actually as, uh, Zandra, or then X-A-N-D-R-A.
And was named, um, Whirlo in the, uh, English version of, uh, the prequel, which was, uh, Zandra no Daibouken Valkyrie no...
Valkyrie Tonodei, I think is how it's pronounced. Um, who's a green lizard.
And basically it's, you know, a lot of over, over the world, you know, scrolling, shooting, punching enemies in the face with your sword.
Going into little huts and buying stuff. It's, it's such an adorable game.
And, if people don't have the O from the Namco collection, which as I understand, the O is a little hard to find.
Um, get this game. It was a really, really fun little game, and it is fully translated and available in the U.S. if you can find the, uh, the Namco O.
Um, it actually though has a different ending from the arcade version. Um, with the home version you do have a level save.
And I actually have, um, Rob, I've got the Famicom version of the first game.
And I have the Hu-Card of this too. So I was very happy to pick those up.
And I mean, it's just really, it's a straightforward little, you know, adventure game.
It's very Zelda slash Dragon Quest-y.
I don't know why, maybe it's the cartoony style or something, but I'm suddenly reminded of Whirlo.
Yeah.
Which, God, I love that game. I was just thinking about, like, I wanna play Whirlo again.
It's like all the little monsters in the little Valkyrie are all chibi and adorable.
Yeah.
And, I mean, but you can get super, uh, uh, powered up.
Now, you see how on this video here we're watching, um, how she's jumping from platform to platform?
That used to always screw me up because I would think that it was over the regular ground and I'd walk off of them.
I mean, I know better, but the first time I tried to play it, it was actually pretty difficult.
I wanna check this video out over here. I'm hoping some dude isn't talking over this.
But this says it's the main version, so I'm assuming this is just a direct arcade version.
I'm gonna hope it's without any dudes talking over it.
Let me see what happens here.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Oh, this looks, okay.
It's pretty much the same thing.
Yeah, it's, it's, uh, it definitely has that arcade style interface though, but okay.
But, I mean, the PC Engine version is damn cool.
The engine version is damn good.
Yeah.
Hmm, I'll have to check this out at some point.
Now, I'll tell you where I first heard about this game is I had, um, a, uh, gachapon, uh, capsule that was a little Namco figurine set.
Dan and I tried to collect all of them and one of them was a Valkyrie.
And I was like, oh, this is pretty cool.
And then it turned out that, hey, there's this whole game and you should play it.
And, oh, yeah, we actually have that because we have it on the Namco.
Oh, and it's just really cute, really fun.
I suggest that everyone try to get your hands on it.
I mean, Valkyrie no Boken is pretty cool.
And, like I said, there was a prequel, um, released for the SNES called Zandra no Daiboken, Valkyrie tono, uh, Valkyrie tono dei, I think I'm pronouncing that right.
And pulling this one up, that translates to, um, Zandra's Great Adventure, a counter with the Valkyrie.
And that's the little green lizard man meeting up with the Valkyrie chick.
And that one, though, is a side-scrolling game.
It's a lot different.
I usually, I'd say that for any of them, my favorite of the three is the, um, Valkyrie no Densetsu.
So, totally awesome game.
And that's the classic game and I'm sticking to it.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
A couple of games there, but, uh, we'll say Valkyrie no Densetsu, uh, as that seems to be the one that, you know, if you're gonna go find this game, that's probably gonna be the one you're gonna find.
Yeah, it's, if you wanna play it in English, it's on the Namco, uh, classics, which was, uh, the PlayStation version.
And it's the letter O.
There you go.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
That is a nice, obscure pick.
I like that.
Uh, alright, we're gonna take a quick break, but don't go anywhere, guys.
There's plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio to come for tonight, including your emails, or is it lack thereof, once again.
Uh, also we're gonna have some news on some things going on with Kickstarter.
More lawsuit news and you are not gonna believe what happened with this PC release.
The Fubo Question of the Week and more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this October the 21st of 2012 with the 478th episode of our show, uh, during the music break there.
We can't play these on the podcast because, you know, copyright reasons and all that, but I will say we played a song there from 2nd Detsetsu 3.
It was, uh, given the, uh, chatters a hard time trying to figure out what, uh, game that was from.
Did anybody ever play that when it had the translated cartridge? Yeah, I played that, too.
I played through about half of it.
Yeah, yeah. I still say, though, to this day, Secret of Evermore was sadly hazed and underrated by, uh, the folks here.
I thought Secret of Evermore wasn't a bad game, although I do understand it was a different, you know, it was the, the one square USA title that, you know, for whatever reason, people didn't seem to like it as much, but, anyhow.
Uh, Loki, before we get into rapid fire news, you were playing during the break there, this interesting music shooter game you were mentioning before?
Yeah, I had mentioned it on the show before because it was something like Kickstarter, it was called Rhythm Destruction, and since they got funded and their Kickstarting ended, um, basically, I think it was like 5 bucks, and you get the game, and the game, it's interesting because the way it plays, it's, it's a shooter, uh, like a top-down shooter, space shooter, I guess, but all the shooting is done as, like, a rhythm game.
So, the enemies, you know, come on the screen, you see, like, a circle come around them, and you have to hit them with the, be the music, and it uses an Xbox 360 controller, so they're mapped to the face buttons, and then all the dodging of, like, bullets and stuff is done with the analog sticks, and your, you know, triggers are kind of like a boost type of thing.
So, you're dodging stuff and having to do the rhythm game part, which is kind of really cool, and it's got music from, like, Kyle Wardner, I was playing one that was a Caw song, so.
He shows up in the strangest places, music game-wise, doesn't he? Good for him, good for him.
Yeah, but, uh, it's a pretty awesome game, so.
Gotta pay the bills!
Yeah, well, exactly, so I'm not really sure where, I think you can buy it off their website, um, I'm trying to remember where it is, because, you know, obviously, um, I don't think they, I think they're trying to get, um, onto the Steam store, I don't know if they've done it, I, oh yeah, here we go.
RhythmDestruction.com, you can check it out, it's by a company called Curious Pandas, the, uh, group that did it, and I think you can, I think you can buy it.
Pandas, you say?
Yes, pandas, I think you can buy the game, um, maybe, let's see here, yeah, there's a buy it now on the website, I'm trying to see, $4.99 is all they're asking for, and you pay for it, with PayPal, they have, so.
Well, good luck!
It's pretty awesome.
I like music games, I like shooters.
It's worth it, I mean, it's a pretty awesome game, so, check it out.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, brain.
Let's get into some rapid fire news before we get to the FUGL question of the week, which tonight is all about, zinga, it'll be fun, uh, Loki.
Alright, so, Ubisoft has this really weird tie-in, um, or promotional thing for Far Cry 3.
What they're gonna be doing is actually promoting Far Cry 3 with a free Minecraft map and texture pack.
The free pack, I guess, is coming, um, to PCs on the 26th, I think that's around the time that 1.4 update comes, and, um, they'll be adding Far Cry 3 locations and character skins.
And then, of course, the game, you know, Far Cry 3 comes out on the 4th in, uh, North America.
It's kind of a weird thing, but they have, they even did some promo screenshots where, you know, some of the screenshots from Minecraft, or, I'm sorry, Far Cry 3 have, like, Minecraft weapons in there.
Which makes you kind of wonder, is that gonna be something, like, hidden in the game that you can get Minecraft knives and stuff like that?
I was gonna say, could you, could you remind me, what exactly does Minecraft and Far Cry 3 have in common?
They have wilderness?
What, what relationship-
Dirt, Rob. Dirt and water.
What relationship does Mojang have to Ubisoft? Like, this is-
Perhaps, among, you know, the tigers and other, you know, you know, uh, tribespeople and terrorists or whoever else you might find in the jungle, you're gonna find a creeper.
Oh, that's scary.
That'd be awesome. Anyway, then, Borderlands 2.
Slenderman.
Slenderman.
Um, Black Ops 2 on the Wii U is not gonna have Call of Duty Elite.
Because all the other systems are gonna be getting Call of Duty Elite at launch, because they're kind of doing it as a free thing.
And instead of, you know, having to pay 60 bucks for all the perks of Elite, you can get everything for free and then you just pay 60 bucks for a map pack instead.
Or the subscription for the map pack, since that's really why they got Elite in the first place.
However, the Wii U is not getting the support.
It says, we're currently evaluating options for Call of Duty Elite to support Nintendo's Wii U game system.
However, Call of Duty Elite for Call of Duty Black Ops 2 will not support this platform when the game launches November 13th.
Which makes me wonder, what is borked about their fucking online?
Because that's kind of-
It makes me wonder, because Call of Duty Elite's kind of like this app thing.
Maybe they're not gonna allow these sort of like third-party apps, you know, for the Wii U dashboard or whatever.
Well, you know what didn't make the show roll tonight that's worth talking about?
Did you hear about the updates with Nintendo Voice Chat?
And how they're not selling a headset.
They're gonna be third-party headsets.
And if you use the Nintendo Pro Controller, there's no space for a headset.
So you have to have your Wii pad with the headset and the Wii pad and then your Pro Controller.
Not looking good for Nintendo convincing me they understand online finally.
Not looking good.
I'm surprised we didn't put that story in here, because I could have gone on a whole tangent about that.
But yeah, not thrilled by that news.
Not at all.
It would be not so bad if that system supports Bluetooth and they have like Bluetooth headsets and stereo stuff as well.
Or that they're not doing a first-party headset because they're gonna support any headset.
Apparently on the gamepad they do have a spot for headphones, but not necessarily a headset type thing.
And apparently you can enable it, but at default it's disabled to use the microphone that's actually on the gamepad for chat.
I don't know.
The fact we haven't heard much about it other than,
Hey, check out this like, I don't even know what the fuck they're calling it.
The Mii Plaza or whatever the fuck their community thing is.
Hey, check this out.
Hey, guess what, you can leave messages for friends in games.
Okay, well what about accounts?
What about like achievements and stuff like that?
Hey, check out this like Mii Plaza thing.
Hey, you can leave messages for friends in games.
I think that's all it's gonna be.
I think that's it.
I think that and a shop and that's it.
I mean, really when you think about it, that's not much more than what they had on the Wii.
They had it where you could share your Miis.
They had it where you could see, you know, messages from your friends.
And now they're kind of adding, you know, a thing where you can leave messages in game.
Yippee.
Or, you know, see what your friends, other people are playing.
Not necessarily friends, I guess.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
But yeah, here's something else that's not coming to the Wii U version.
And, I mean, really the Wii U version is gonna be kind of similar to the rest of them.
I just think, I don't know.
I think something's borked with their online that that's how it is.
Because this should be something that should be easily implemented.
But it's not for whatever reason.
And then last one, at least, Obsidian.
They've concluded their Project Eternity Kickstarter at 3.9 million dollars raised.
And I guess that's even more than Double Fine Adventures has gotten.
Because, remember, Double Fine Adventures had 3.3 million.
That's right.
Wow, good for them.
They beat that.
And, of course, you know, I guess Planetary Annihilation was another one similar to that.
Or, you know, multi-million dollar raise.
They got 2.2 million.
And the Wii U had 8.5 million.
And the thing is, see, I almost backed this.
But I saw that the game wasn't coming out until 2014.
So, I'll wait, you know.
It's just not something I want to back.
You need your games to be designed faster.
Well, it's just that's kind of a long ways.
And I'm assuming that, you know, they're not necessarily going to hit their, you know, date for that stuff.
Because, like, for example, the Kickstarter I did for my very first Kickstarter, which was for VGHS, Video Game High School.
They still haven't delivered the DVDs on that stuff yet.
They're working on it.
They've gotten it printed and they're signing copies.
They had pictures of them signing the copies of it.
But, you know, that was promised back in March.
I mean, they didn't even launch the series until, like, later in March.
So, yeah.
I mean, the stuff gets delayed.
But, you know, two years from now.
Alright.
Well, how about free games?
We like free.
And this is a very interesting sort of free game.
This is being developed by NeoGAF members.
You know, the big popular gaming forum, right?
I guess they formed a studio called Grimoire Assembly Forge.
And they're creating this parody on modern shooters.
It's called Dude Bro 2.
The actual title is,
Dude Bro, my shit is fucked up, so I gotta shoot-slice you too.
It's straight-up dog time.
Alright.
It's based off of a meme that someone was, like, complaining about something.
They're like, well, why don't you just go play Dude Bro 2?
And so someone's like,
So someone started, like, making character art and started doing, like, box art.
It's like bungee ferret tossing.
Yeah, finally they decided to do it.
Somebody took the joke way too far.
I gotcha, I gotcha.
Apparently, though, here, you wanna talk about the joke going way too far?
John St. John.
You know John St. John?
He is, he is Duke Nukem.
He's the voice of Duke Nukem.
He will be John Dude Bro.
You need to play the song.
I think it's in the trailer.
Is this the little, the trailer song?
I think it's in the trailer.
Let me play a little clip of it here.
It's straight-up dog time.
It gets in this.
It's got a rap even.
And it looks pretty awesome.
It looks very old school.
At least in these cutscenes.
It looks like Commander Keen or something.
That's actually kinda rad.
Kinda rad.
That's where Duke Nukem got its start, really.
That's kinda cool.
Hey, I like free.
Alright, PlayStation All-Stars apparently have been hacked into Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
I don't know how this happened, but yeah, this is some modders.
They developed the Smash Bros., but they actually have some of the PlayStation All-Stars.
But they put some other people into this as well.
Like, Niko Bellic from Grand Theft Auto 4.
John Marston from Red Dead Redemption.
Lara Croft from Tomb Raider.
Old Snake from Metal Gear Solid.
I mean, it's a hack, so they don't have to worry about licensing or anything.
They just put whoever the fuck they want in there.
Kazuya from Tekken, Tomba.
Isaac Clark from Dead Space.
Get this, Commander Shepard from Mass Effect.
But it's Manshep.
So it doesn't count.
It's a free mod, but again, you know, you will have to mod and do all that stuff.
I think those mods, I'm not sure with the whole character skins and models and stuff like that.
I think a lot of them you can do with just an SD card.
You know, you need to, like, mod your system.
I think it's just done through, like, a hacked save type thing, so that might be one of those.
I don't know. I haven't really researched it too much.
Alright, and one other story about Nintendo Land.
The final little mini games inside Nintendo Land have been announced.
Captain Falcon's Twister Race, where you hold the narrow end of the Wii U game pad upright to guide a high-speed wind-up vehicle towards the finish line.
Octopus Dance.
I couldn't say it without laughing.
What?
It's a single-player rhythm-based game.
You use the game pad, you memorize the movement of the character on the screen, and re-enact the poses using the control sticks or the gyro sensor.
And lastly, Yoshi's Fruit Cart.
What, are you a fan of Yoshi's Fruit Cart, Dark Sakura?
His name is Snort.
You guide Yoshi's Cart towards the goal while collecting fruit on the way.
Oh, well, it's not just a clever name.
You can see fruit on the TV, but not the game pad.
It sounds like innovation to me.
There you go.
So, hey, so now you being a big fan of F-Zero, do you think that homage is worthy of, like, you know, you're gonna get the fans excited about F-Zero with this wonderful game?
I think they can stop being fucking cockteases is what they can do.
That's a big-
I hope to hell that-
That's a straight-up page, that's a page out of Capcom's book right there.
That better be the secret project that Retro or whatever's working on is the new F-Zero.
Say, hey, F-Zero wind-up shit that you don't care about that we're at this point.
I give no fucks about anything else.
It better not be Pilotwings or some shit.
It better be fucking F-Zero.
So I have to say-
We already remade Pilotwings, we only-
Exactly!
And Pilotwings, the remake of Pilotwings is fucking terrible.
Three goddamn things!
I won't go that far.
Three fucking events.
Let's-
Way to go Nintendo, way to not, like, even put any effort in.
That's Nintendo.
Nintendo doing the least bit of work so we can sell some shit that people will buy anyways because we're fucking Nintendo.
There just needs to be a Captain Falcon game where all he does is punch people.
Now that would have been a classic minigame.
That would have been great.
Falcon Punch! Falcon Punch!
Show me your move.
So, um, Pikmin 3 is going to be on the Wii U and no one is excited.
Actually, that came from Iwata making that little announcement.
Next up, do you want to learn about video games at school, Rob?
No! School sucks!
Bite me. I like school.
There's a class that is at Rice University in Houston, Texas called Scandinavian Fantasy Worlds, Old Norse Sagas, and Skyrim.
And basically it's, um, and I'm reading the quote here,
Introduce the students to fantasy as both psychological concept and the driving force in gamer culture
by having students read selections from Old Norse and Old Icelandic sagas in translation
and as they play different quests in Skyrim.
And it's pretty awesome because there's a part of the midterm where you get to give your best
FUS RO DAH!
Last but not least, Just Dance 4 is going to have a song that you can download.
Ubisoft has announced this. It's going to be in this download content pack.
It's going to be 240 Microsoft points per song, about 2 pounds, 4 bucks, something like that.
And it's Gangnam Style.
Uh oh.
So yeah. I have actually just introduced a friend of mine to the video last night.
So it was pretty funny.
You know what you did, right?
Yeah, I know.
You went there.
I have the album.
All I have to say, look.
The album's good.
I'm kind of already over this, but it was really weird to turn on the radio on a top 40 station nonetheless
and hear this song played, not as an act of parody, not as a lol listen to this, not as hey this is what the kids on the internet are.
No, you hear up next, Psy with Gangnam Style.
I thought it was just, I thought it was PSY.
I think that most people were saying Psy.
Because in one of the songs, it does this little thing where they say the name of the person and it's P-S-Y.
Well, whatever.
But actually it's a good album and I really like, I think the song's called Passionate Goodbye.
It's a really good song.
So I like the album.
And that guy is just super adorable.
Have you heard the girl version?
No, there's a girl version.
Basically everybody in the video, like a lot of the, well not everybody, but most of the people in the video are like real big celebrities in South Korea.
And all kinds of just big cameos in that video.
And one of the girls that he's with in the video, she does one called Just My Style.
Rama in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says just wait until he releases his US album.
That is happening.
He did get signed to a US label.
Buying it.
That guy-
Justin Bieber's label too.
That guy though, not Justin Bieber, but Psy, you have to admit he's super adorable.
Have you seen him in interviews and stuff?
You just want to pinch his cheeks. He's so cute.
And I mean that in a totally bro way.
He's really just, I don't know, there's something about him. He's got a great personality.
The album, seriously, I think it's like seven bucks on iTunes.
And it was totally a worthwhile purchase for me, not just trying to sell it, but it was pretty good.
I love driving to it. I'll put it that way. I drive very fast.
No, I like the Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune soundtrack if I want to drive fast.
I wish they'd do another one of those games.
Anyway, let's see, where are we at? What time is it?
Oh, it's Fugu Question of the Week time. Hooray.
Facebook, smash it with Google+, and together you get Fugu.
And that's where our segment comes from.
We ask a question in our fan communities every week and we read some of our favorite answers.
The question was short and sweet tonight.
Obviously, we've been talking a little bit about Zynga and some of the things that have been going on over there.
The question this week is, in ten years, how do you think people will remember Zynga?
What will their mark on history look like?
I want to know, and I'm looking for some serious answers here.
I know some of you want to take the cheap, easy way out and say, lol poop.
But, you know, I'm really curious. What are they going to be remembered by?
Let's see, going to Google+.
Retertainment says, I believe the answer to this question will depend on how many of the people who currently actively play Zynga games will, in ten years' time, succumb to dementia.
Okay, it's ten years. Ten, not forty-five. It's ten.
Let's see, Legend668 on Google+, says, Zyng who?
Already fading from my mind.
Monster B says, what was Zynga?
And Sean F says, no, people may not remember Facebook.
That's actually a good point, though.
How much longer is the Facebook fad going to last?
Their stock sure doesn't seem to indicate it will last much longer. I don't know.
But people can't stop using it.
Anyway, if you want to see more answers from Google+, head to our community, Orange Lounge Radio, on Google+.
Those are some of the answers tonight.
Going to Facebook and some of the answers we got on Facebook at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio for our Frugal Question of the Week about Zynga.
Sorry, I'm waiting for it to load.
There we go. Oh yes, I remember this story from Bobby Black Wolf.
I know I'll forever remember them as the only company I ever said no to when their recruiter contacted me.
It's probably for the best.
Code Man says, a company that made a very addictive crack kind of addicting games and secretly taking our money like a reverse tooth fairy.
Dude, you've given them money?
Secretly?
You just admitted something on the show. I'm just kidding.
Lauren T says, a company that decided that getting new users is more important than fixing the games they already had correctly and almost completely alienating its loyal players.
That's a very good answer from Lauren. A company that alienated its loyal players. How not to do...
Why are you showing me animated gifs while I'm trying to do this segment?
Because this is in the chat room.
What is...
There's a football player doing the gunk and stuff.
Oh, is he real?
I didn't even catch that at first. Alright, can I read the answers from Facebook?
Yeah, I guess.
Red The Hay says, it'll be remembered as that company that made those games like those other games but wasn't game loft.
AZHP says, I'm guessing if people still talk about them in 10 years, they'll talk about Zynga the same way that people who talk about Neopets do now.
Remember when Neopets was a thing, Dark Sakura?
Lord, I do. I played it.
Well, we were talking about how technology is like advancing so fast and stuff that in 10 years, who knows if that type of gaming will be even popular because they'll have stuff that's like comparable to what we're playing on consoles right now on the mobile devices.
Acidic Vampire says, is that a legendary Pokemon?
Tiger Claw says, in 10 years, they will be known as the one company to single-handedly destroy the concept of social gaming.
That's pretty powerful stuff there, but perhaps.
Burr responded saying, we'll remember Zynga the same way we remember MySpace compared to 10 years ago.
Although, honestly, to be in a retentive here for a minute, was MySpace really a thing 10 years ago or was that when Friendster was the big deal?
10 years is a long time in tech terms.
You know I never used Friendster.
Did you? Really?
Yeah, I never used it.
Never used it?
Never.
Let's see. Matt J said, they will forever be remembered by me as that company with those horrible apps I had to block, which was responsible for the downturn of Facebook.
Let's see. Other answers here.
Steven M says, Farmville, that's it.
Hitstun says, Zynga taught us an all-important lesson. If you want your game to make the big bucks, it doesn't have to be original or good, it just has to be annoying.
And end with Ville.
And end with Ville.
I'm going to read this long answer here from Matt J because it's pretty good.
Truthfully, in my opinion, they'll certainly be remembered. I feel that they'll be remembered for a couple of things.
Well, really, just for Farmville and the legacy it created.
It helped to create a market for Facebook games, really for social network games in general.
I mean, I do believe there were some before Farmville, but they never really got the light of day they have now until Farmville.
Zynga will be remembered in the end for creating the Farmville phenomenon and helping to create a new gaming platform.
Farmville is the game that got so many into Facebook gaming.
Surely there will be some footnotes in the history books for Zynga seemingly stealing ideas from others and the lawsuits involved.
Sure, some will remember the foaming hatred some in the gaming community had and have for Zynga.
However, most will simply remember one little word, Farmville.
That will be the biggest thing Zynga will be remembered for.
Farmville and helping launch the Facebook social network gaming phenomenon.
Pretty good answer there that, you know, hate them all you want now, but when you look back on history, it's really going to be about Farmville and the social stuff.
Good answers from everybody. I'm sorry I didn't have time to read them all, but a whole lot of you responded tonight.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio if you want to read all of the answers, which were very good.
I'll remember the day that someone drew a tank through their business and spelled out Sega in bullets.
What?
Oh, I'm sorry. That hasn't happened yet.
Don't say that kind of stuff on this show. I don't want the po-po coming over.
I think it would be, you can remember them by the fact that they probably popularized freemium gaming and made it a little bit more popular as far as like a business model that everybody's going to start using.
I'll remember the day that I blocked Farmville and I'll remember every other day that Facebook has unblocked Farmville.
I'm a little ashamed to say that I did play Farmville.
I will tell you this.
I played it to impress a guy.
I never played Farmville. Never touched it. And when I blocked it, I never got another thing for it.
However, my mother would keep saying, why are my cows dying or something like that?
I'd be like, you don't have cows, mom. You've never loo- oh.
Cows dying now. Digimon, you know, dying.
Hey, I love Digimon.
I like Digimon better than Pokemon. I'll play that one.
Tamagotchi? Is that what you're trying to think of? Yeah.
Alright, let's do some more long news, Lowkey.
Neopets. Anyways.
So, Ubisoft.
Wait, hold on. I gotta correct something Blackwool said in chat.
Blackwool said, Alan likes Farmville. Confirmed. No, this was pre-Alan.
This was another guy several years ago when Farmville first came out.
And he was really into it. And I was like, alright, I'll try this.
And then it's like, oh, I have to keep checking on these blueberries and shit every three hours and whatever.
Which is why I refuse to do the farming in WoW.
He really- I can talk about this now because, you know, he's a thing of the past.
But he really liked the Farmville song.
Which is so stupid because it's like the same five notes over and over again in different keys.
Like, I remember joking about having a 70 minute soundtrack to Farmville and it was just those same five notes over and over.
Lord. You know, I've never heard that. Why are you staring at me like that, Lowkey?
Because I've never heard of that song. You've never heard the Farmville song?
No. Neither have I.
I would like to not hear that song.
I'm sorry. You can't go all this time and then be all like, oh, I have never heard the song.
And then not expect somebody to not play the song.
I'm totally expecting an awesome song.
Oh, this is like-
Wait, that's like all different now. When did they modernize it?
It used to be just these little tones that would play over and over again.
Oh, forget it.
Yay!
That was fantastically non-generic at all.
Somebody must know the old Farmville songs. I know I'm not the only one that played Farmville back in the day.
Well, that's why I refuse to do the farming in WoW.
Not gonna do it. It's not happening.
Alright.
I don't give a damn about your scallions.
So Ubisoft, I guess they were ones to swear off DRM in their games or something like that.
Or they patched it out for the games that had it.
Well, they apparently didn't do that all the way.
Because Rocksmith just got released this week.
And the PC version missed having the codes to activate the game inside the box.
Oops.
Can't play the game. No activation code.
Of course, people are going, what the fuck?
So they went to Rocksmith forums and you have to go to a customer support site, fill out a form, attach a clear digital image of your receipt.
Showing the store details and the product.
And your credit card number, heh heh heh.
And, you know, I don't know. It's just, it's kind of stupid though that they have this problem in the first place.
That the serial wasn't part of, like, the game manual or something like that.
Wasn't printed somewhere in the game.
Oh, hey, you know, no one QA'd the fact that these games went out without codes in them.
Sounds like kind of a problem when your game just doesn't work.
Maybe you should patch out the authentication code then since you fucked up.
That might be a good way to do it, yep.
The problem with that is that you're putting the responsibility on the consumer and that's the wrong way to keep your fans.
I mean, I don't know how many people will be pirating that game anyways.
Because, I mean, you're talking about such a niche, niche niche niche thing.
You're talking about a game that requires an electric guitar, that requires a special connector.
So, even if you did pirate the game, you'd still have to go to the store to get that USB connector.
You know, to plug your guitar into your computer.
And, it's just, it's a PC title. It's not even the console title.
It's, that is, like, niche niche niche, you know.
I mean, yeah, people are gonna, some people probably will pirate it because they can.
But, dude, I mean, come on. I don't think that this is the type of game that necessarily needs that kind of DRM in there.
I don't know. It's just, it's a little ridiculous.
Yeah, especially when you make money in so many other ways with this game like this that has the peripherals and everything.
You know, it's just, it's, again, I think I'm with you. It's kind of useless to pirate this game.
It's probably.
To play it with the keyboard is ridiculous.
You can't.
Then there, well, don't ever tell a hacker they can't do something because you'll hack the, you can remap the keyboard or whatever.
But, still, it's pointless. It's absolutely pointless.
Yeah, you have to have a guitar. I mean, so, it's just, I don't know, it's just kind of ridiculous that they would even have that.
But, they did, and, of course, they said,
We apologize for the inconvenience caused and will provide any affected customers with the GuitarCade time saver,
which gives players instant access to all the Rocksmith minigames and Ubisoft, well, I guess it's one of the forum mods.
So, cool, you get free DLC to unlock shit in your PC game to make up for the fact that they fucked it up.
And, hey, Assassin's Creed 3 is right around the corner on, well, actually about a month away on PC, so, more fun.
Yeah, you know, if you're one of those people, you know, word of mouth is really gonna hurt them in this case and that's really unfortunate.
Well, at least this is the title they fucked up on in Assassin's Creed 3 or Far Cry 3.
Still, you know, I think it's worse in this case. I think it's worse when it's a niche title like this that really is relied on word of mouth, I think, to gain popularity.
I mean, and you should be thanking these people left and right for buying your game on PC anyways, because, once again, this is such a niche game.
I don't see a lot of people on PC buying this game. I mean, it just doesn't seem like something that they would purchase.
I mean, I guess there's gonna be people that make music on their PC and stuff and maybe, but, you know, they wouldn't necessarily be wanting to learn guitar or something.
I don't know, it's just... it's weird.
And Ubisoft, come on! You would think that you would figure out this whole DRM thing. I mean, you've fucked this up before.
Driver, um, what was it? Driver vs San Francisco. Have you not learned? Apparently, the answer is yes, you have not learned.
Very unfortunate. Well, speaking of the continued adventures of Ubisoft, Ubisoft actually filed a $1 million lawsuit yesterday against BEP Music LLC.
Guess what BEP stands for? The Black Eyed Peas, the band. You know them? Boom Boom Pow, all that stuff.
They actually wrote a song that uses the days of the week as lyrics. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. And that is a top 40 song.
Well, if Friday can do it, we're gonna make our songs seven times better.
Anyhow, the Black Eyed Peas experience, I don't know if you know, but this was one of the dancing games that Ubisoft put out, and it was on the various consoles, probably PC as well.
Oh, it was just Wii and 360? They didn't even do it for PlayStation 3? Or PC? None of that?
No one gave a shit about PC.
Alright, well, whatever. Anyhow, it was supposed to happen on iOS, but apparently BEP breached the company's contract.
The contract stated that the band agreed to approve or disprove the iOS version within 10 business days of request.
However, the music company failed to acknowledge requests for approval despite repeated attempts.
Ubisoft claims they spent $233,000 developing the iOS game. That's how much it costs to develop a game like this, huh? I was just curious.
They think that combined with a loss of profits, this amounts to a total of $1 million in damages.
Ubisoft did not own the game or the company in question or whatever, but BEP only owns the Black Eyed Peas trademark, so you kinda have to put two and two together to figure out where this is.
So, uh, interesting. Maybe the band felt burned by the other games and didn't want to do it? Or maybe they just felt they were too good for it?
I don't think it was that bad. I mean, granted, this year we have the Hip Hop Dance Experience.
I think it is what it is, type of thing. So...
I mean, it didn't look like a terrible game, but I didn't play it. I saw video footage of it and it looked pretty interesting. I'm just not a fan of Black Eyed Peas, so...
So we are having livestream issues, by the way, for those folks that are listening live. It just reconnected.
It's comcastic.
I know. We were doing so well tonight, too, but again, if you guys have any extra stuff going, be sure it's killed.
Alright, um, let's move on to Dark Sakura.
To me?
Yeah, your story.
Oh, yeah, that. Um, how about some more Wii U stuff?
Square Enix game. There's going to be a Square Enix game that's done by the developer that's porting Mass Effect 3 to the Wii U.
It says it's a triple-A Square Enix port, but who knows what it is?
There's actually, um, it was actually listed on a LinkedIn page, which has since been, uh, changed.
So, who knows? But it will be a Squeenix game.
Tomb Raider.
Eh, probably.
Be my guess.
It's a, I don't care, because I'm not getting a Wii U.
You think so, huh?
I, well, I don't think Hitman's going to be coming out, because they'd be kind of late for it if they just started development on it.
So, Tomb Raider makes sense, because it's coming out about a year from now.
Well, they also mentioned a possibility of a Deus Ex.
Uh, once again, that would be really delayed. I mean, Deus Ex came out last year.
If Arkham Asylum, or if it's in Arkham City.
That's a cash-in on the beginning, but no one's going to want to play a game that came out three years ago that just has some different controls in it.
Well, Crystal Dynamics actually already denied Tomb Raider, saying that it would have to be completely redesigned.
So, it would be a much later released game.
It could still be, uh, Deadlion and Riptide, because I think they're publishing for, uh, that South Peak game.
Alright, ready for my tinfoil hat?
What about, I know this is going to be crazy talk, what about Final Fantasy XIV?
Uh...
Well, the new one could be good. We still don't know.
Yeah, monkeys could fly out of my butt.
I guess.
Anything's possible, right?
But once again, though, I mean, we're talking about a system that can't fucking handle Call of Duty Elite.
Or the Kingdom Hearts 1.5 redo.
If I start farting primates, then I'll believe it.
I don't know.
Once again, though, you were talking about a game that's probably going to be coming out next holiday.
It could be very well a title they haven't announced yet.
I mean, there's...
Let's see, I'm trying to think of...
I mean, they have Tomb Raider. There's other Square Enix titles.
It could be anything. Just use your imagination.
Chocobo Racing 2!
Yes!
Hey, that'd be awesome.
That would be awesome.
I might get a Wii U if there's Chocobo Racing.
Make it happen. Hell yeah.
Alright, let's move on.
Urgis 2? No.
Alright. Anyways, um...
So there was some...
You know, we talk a lot about Kickstarter, and there's always a conspiracy theory of...
Or not even conspiracy theory, but the reality that some of these projects may not turn out well.
So that kind of happened to be the case of one of the Kickstarter projects that actually did get funded.
It was a turn-based haunted house game called Haunts.
And it was being done by a company called Mob Rules Games.
And, you know, they raised...
I forget what it was. It was like...
Maybe $20,000?
And the problem is, though, that...
Now that it's been a few months or whatever...
All of his programmers quit.
And apparently all the money has been spent because, you know, $20,000 is not a whole lot.
But, at least it seems like kind of a null branch from the developer.
He says he's still going to continue working on the game.
And that if there's anybody that's seeking a refund, he will refund them out of his own pocket.
So that's kind of cool, at least.
And things happen, I guess, but at least he's still moving on.
Still has a lot of people jumping on here going,
Here's the dark side of Kickstarter!
Here's the problem with Kickstarter!
No, that's always...
They stole the money!
They didn't steal the money.
There have been a few people that just kind of, like, took the money and ran, but...
The majority of people, like, actually have a product that they want to put out and stuff.
And, you know, once again, you've just got to do your research.
That's the, you know...
Like, for example, that guy that wanted $1,000,000 for an MMO.
And, you know, had no idea of what...
Just, like, it was such a generic,
I want to make an MMO that's going to be bigger than WoW.
And it's got things and races and items.
And if you pledge this much, you're going to get a special item.
And I own a baseball...
Or, I used to play baseball, so I know I can do this.
Oh, wait. Sorry.
No, no.
Wrong case. Sorry.
But, no, you just have to do the research.
Like, obviously, Kickstarter stuff that, you know...
There's a lot of developers that have pedigrees in developing games and stuff like that.
They're putting stuff on Kickstarter.
You just have to, you know, be aware of what you're Kickstarting.
I mean, some of these companies, like the one I...
You know, like I said, the rhythm instruction game.
It's just like some people that, you know, some guys that are making a game.
And you don't know if that's going to be done, but they weren't asking for much money.
And, sure enough, they got the game out.
So, I mean, you can't just go,
Oh, they're all going to fail.
But just keeping that in mind, you know.
Remember, even if you do pledge money to Kickstarter,
you always have up until that close date to change your mind.
I've done that before with stuff, you know,
I was like, eh, I don't want to Kickstart this.
And you can take your money out.
You just pledge nothing.
So, that's that.
If you don't want to run the risk, then don't pledge.
Alright.
Well, moving on to one of my favorite people in gaming, Tetsuya Mizuguchi.
He's the former head of Q Entertainment.
So this kind of makes me sad that we're talking in past terms here.
Because he was the mind behind games like Rez, Luminous, Child of Eden, and Space Channel 5.
He has now taken a position at Keio University.
He's a project professor.
He will remain at Q as a spokesperson,
but it sounds like this is kind of his new path here now.
Keio did make an announcement about this
and noted that his position in the Graduate School of Media Design
will allow him to continue to produce games
and further expand his expertise in the field of media design
and innovative content production.
So it does appear he still will be working on games,
although there's only so many hours in a day, people,
but no longer in the commercial area.
So, yeah, I'll be interested to see what he comes up with next.
I'm glad at least he still has some ties to the gaming industry,
and I guess that's kind of cool that he can influence the future
because I think he's had a lot of great ideas.
I love the stuff he's done for music games.
Axidef does make a good point.
Mizuguchi Sensei.
That's what we have to call him from now on.
Good point, good point.
So, yeah, good luck to him in that new career.
At least, you know, as much as we might be sad that, you know,
he'll have less time for games, although they're staying,
he'll still do games.
It's in grading papers.
Yeah, he'll be influencing more people.
Oh, come on.
Noob, noob, noob, win.
If it's anything like it is here, the TAs grade all the papers.
You and I both know that.
All right.
Moving on.
You should eat all your popcorn.
Popcorn's good.
You should eat popcorn.
Let's get to the mailbag.
I'm eating yours.
Every week you guys send us e-mails.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
And we actually got some e-mails this week, right?
Kind of.
Woo.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Darkstalker's going to dive into the mailbag head first
and pull out some e-mails.
She thinks, hey, I'm going to read this e-mail.
This one's long, so I'm going to read it first.
Dear OLR, I just wanted to chime in with my thoughts
in a recent game I completed, that game being Final Fantasy 13-2.
Originally, I played the demo when it was released on the PS3,
and I wasn't drawn into the game at all.
They didn't really explain anything that was going on story-wise,
and it seemed to make the game out to be a Final Fantasy filler.
Sorry, I've got corn.
I also read some reviews that spun the game in a negative light,
such as saying that the music in the game was terrible,
and that one reviewer in particular had to turn off the sound
for a final boss fight.
Boy, was I surprised when I picked up the game at Best Buy Summer Sale
and finally put it in my system.
The story turned out to be really interesting,
with time travel being an interesting mechanic
as a method to traveling to different areas.
Rob, if you haven't, you need to play this game to the end.
I haven't played to the end, but I've played a really good chunk of it,
and it is a good game.
I do need to beat it.
That brings me to a question for the host.
Have you ever played a game demo that you ended up not liking at all,
only to play the full game later on and absolutely love it?
Except I started hating it again, but I beat it.
I thought Parappa was kind of stupid at first,
and then I ended up loving it.
Well, in reverse, Nintendogs.
I loved the demo, and then the full game came out,
and I was like, that's it?
So I can only think of the reverse.
I can't think of where I've hated a demo and really loved the game.
I'd probably have to go back to the PS1 days to think of something.
I can't think of anything, because if I don't like the demo,
why am I going to buy the full game?
Halo.
The original Halo.
The first time I played it, I wasn't that into it.
I played it at a party.
I thought it was the best thing ever.
I don't know if that was really a demo, but that's the best answer I got.
Also, I've found that after hearing from multiple friends
of how much they dislike Final Fantasy 13,
yes, the first game,
then their impressions rub off on me,
making me skeptical if I would even like the sequel.
If I would have liked the sequel, sorry.
Thinking back on it, however, I really loved 13.
Yes, the battle system was exactly my favorite,
but it was far from enough to make the game not enjoyable.
Now for our final question.
Has a popular opinion about a game that you played
had an impact on how you felt about it,
or do you not let what people say affect your gaming experience?
I honestly try not to let what people say.
I try not to, but if I really dislike a game
and I go read that the popular opinion is very good,
I do kind of go, did I miss something?
Did I not understand something?
But that doesn't happen very often.
That's all I have to say for now.
Thanks for reading, Osprey.
I'm going to cry again.
P.S. It's really sad to hear about Jamie's dear cat, Shermie.
I'm sure she led an awesome life with her owners
and will be missed, rest in peace, hearts.
Yeah, she led an awesomely lazy life.
That's what a lot of listeners are thinking right now.
Yeah, I miss my baby.
Okay, this is from Taibon.
Taibon here, e-mailed you a few years ago,
and I thought I'd report back now what we're doing here in the heart of Africa.
My Xbox was red-ringed a while ago,
so it's been all PlayStation here at the household.
It's very hard finding new consoles here.
Oh, Borderlands and Skyrim marathons recently for me.
Hope you're all doing well.
Taibon, this message was brought to you by Dirt Garden,
home of the never-ending empty plates.
Did we do research the first time to see if this was a legit thing
or if it was a troll?
I think we found out, yeah, this guy's legit there.
Didn't he send a picture or something?
Yeah.
Well, thank you for checking in, sir.
Thanks for still listening even after.
Skeptical.
And every time I read your e-mail, I think of that song.
I remember the rains in Africa.
Toto.
Toto, thank you. I was like, what's that song? Yeah.
I've heard a really good cover of it at a concert.
Did you?
By a group, a men's acapella group called Straight No Chaser.
Is it something local?
No.
They're kind of the big thing.
They do tours and a lot of them were, I think,
Broadway performers and various singers and other things.
But actually look up the Straight No Chaser version
because it's really, really good.
Let's see.
I'm trying to, well, I want to just make sure our listener,
Oh, God.
I'm going to shake myself.
Ads are going to be the death of me.
It's terrible radio.
You would think one of these days I'm going to learn to load this stuff in advance.
And yes, I know all the lyrics to the song.
That's it.
You were right there.
Was it?
Yeah.
Right.
Oh, there it is. There it is. Here we go.
That's...
And yes, I know this one by its harmony.
Is that song in rock band?
No, but it should be.
It should be.
Dear Harmonics.
Last email.
Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Turtle.
Here's an interesting dilemma I'm in.
Oh, no.
It's a dilemma.
I'm interested in a new PC game that's just come out on Steam, X-Com.
I like the demo, but I don't think it's worth 50 bucks.
So I can either get it by other means or wait for the Christmas sale or not get it at all.
My question is, if I wait for all PC games to go on sale on Steam,
will publishers stop making PC games because of the lack of release sales?
Or will they notice if people like me will wait for those games to go on sale?
I want to send the publishers a message that their games are too expensive,
but I still want to support the game makers.
And I don't want the lack of release sales to deter them from making the games to begin with.
What do you think, your loyal turtle in Philly, serious turtle?
Here's a reality check.
The game won't be $9.99 when the Christmas sale comes around.
The game will be like, what is it, 60 now?
It'll be like 30.
It'll be like 30.
Best 30 or 35.
And that's like best case scenario because I don't even think Skyrim went that low that fast.
So, you know, don't assume that the game...
Now, I certainly am not going to encourage you to go to more nefarious means
because then you certainly are sending the wrong message to the publisher.
And plus, if you do that, I don't think you'd get to do the online play and all that stuff,
which I think is supposed to be...
I used to love the old X-Com games.
I really need to look into this new one.
I've been playing all this other crap, so...
I think they're still going to make their money.
Yeah.
I think it's certainly better that you wait for the holiday sale than pirate it.
I mean, that's certainly the better of the two options.
Are you sending the wrong message by waiting?
I'm going to actually say not necessarily
because you're not the gamer that was like pre-ordering this,
eager about this the first day, had to have your hands on it right away.
There were other people that filled that niche for you.
You are on the fence.
And I think the company would rather have you at least kind of tilt over
and get the game eventually a little cheaper than not pay anything for it at all.
Dan Shadow in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
By the way, X-Com is addicting.
And TigerClaw says, The new X-Com is awesome.
Probably not helping you being able to resist buying it right now.
I know I'm really curious.
I kind of want to see if one of my friends has it
and go over to their house and watch them play
and then see if I want to get it.
We'll see.
There's a G100 mat in our chat at live.vognetwork.com
that warns it's hard from what I've been seeing.
There you go.
Any more emails tonight?
No.
Then let's get to the FUs of the week.
Because damn, y'all angry.
FU to Origin slash EA and or BioWare if BioWare is involved in this
for the patch that just came out for Mass Effect 3
that's not letting me and other people connect to the game
to actually play it and also not verifying my DLC
so I can't play the game that I paid money for.
Sue.
Oh, no.
I've already put the three magic words on EA's help forum.
Better Business Bureau.
I've gotten two responses already from other people in the community
so maybe it'll green light it, you know.
Heavy to my cold.
I'm all stuffed up.
What'd you get when you have a toddler in preschool?
Well, I don't have a toddler in preschool or whatever
but I do have a boyfriend and he's sick
so FU to the fact that he's sick.
Don't get me sick, anybody.
He can't help it but I'm just saying, you know,
I feel like dead man walking right now.
Like, I'm surrounded by, I know I'm gonna get sick.
I guess I'll have to try and enjoy the time off work
while I'm sitting here on the couch with the fever.
Yeah, lucky for you, you can take time off of work.
If I take time off of work, I probably have to watch Josh.
That's not really time off of work.
Well, and oh, here's the other perk.
Because, you know, I have a cold, I'm obviously snoring
because I have to breathe through my mouth and stuff
so I have to sleep on the couch.
I've been sleeping on the couch for the last two weeks.
And that means I also have to tend to the baby all night long
when he loses his bink and cries.
So I'm up about once every hour.
Don't worry, in a few more years, he'll be able to take care of himself.
It's all good. Well, he can take care of himself now.
He's just too tired to find his bink that's right next to his head.
And he's like, I want my bink, it's under my head.
I'm like, why don't you get it yourself?
Tigerclaw in our chat room is reporting that the Mass Effect 3 data pad
hasn't been working for weeks.
Mine's worked.
Really?
I'm at 100% right now.
Well, then there you go.
It's just you, Tigerclaw.
Uninstall, reinstall.
That's actually what I did is I uninstalled, reinstalled Mass Effect 3
and tried to play it.
And what happened is that it gave me the same error before
so I went on offline mode and it let me go into the single player game
and then I later on was able to get into multiplayer,
but it since hasn't allowed me to do any of it again.
Tigerclaw in chat says, I've been playing XCOM on my Twitch TV recently.
That's one of those things I'm surprised I'm not into right now
is streaming video games.
I think I'd have fun.
Wouldn't you guys like to see me play Mass Effect 3 online?
Wouldn't that be fun?
Yeah, Tigerclaw saying the galaxy at war won't load.
Oh.
Yeah, it's actually...
It was saying that it wasn't for me to still let me play everything,
but now it's actually saying cannot log into servers or whatever.
Yeah, I'm...
If you can hear it, I'm actually in the thing right now.
There you go.
All right, let's move on.
A couple more news stories for you guys and then a Skype line and Twitter topic.
All right.
So, let's talk about Minecraft.
Minecraft's got a pretty awesome update coming out next week.
1.4.
That's a pretty scary update.
And, of course, it's sort of Halloween themed.
They did one a couple years ago that was also Halloween themed.
And they're adding a lot of cool shit into the game.
So, first, let's talk a little bit about what they're adding.
One of the things I'm very excited about is command blocks.
And what the command blocks allow you to do is actually issue some of the commands
from the admin panel in game.
So, you can have a block set up, for example, to have a certain area set to peaceful.
So, no mob spawn in a certain radius or something like that.
Or you can have a command block that's set up to spawn a person to a certain coordinate,
which I'll be using for sure.
Or a command block to set the weather or to do all sorts of different things.
You can actually have mobs spawn.
I think they actually have it where you can create mob spawners now too.
They're updating all the different sounds in the game.
They're adding sounds for placing different blocks, for walking on those blocks,
sounds for the enemies, all sorts of cool stuff like that.
Portals are changing a little bit.
The Nether portals in creative mode, you're going to be able to instantly go through them.
Adventure mode, they're allowing you to break blocks now.
And you can also place blocks.
They're changing how they're doing the breeding stuff.
They're adding different characters into the game, including bats, witches, and...
What was it? It was the wither and wither skeletons.
Also, they're having some changes to iron golems and stuff.
Now they're going to attack other characters.
Creepers, once again, you can actually create them with mob spawners
that you can now put down in the game.
And you can toggle how long it takes for them to explode and their explosion radius,
which is pretty cool.
And then new blocks, they've got, besides those command blocks, beacons,
which will create that Luxor pyramid beam into the sky thing,
as it can give you different buffs.
Anvils to repair armor and tools.
The mob spawners, as I mentioned.
Flower pots, so you can put saplings and mushrooms and whatever in little pots.
Cobblestone walls, wooden logs are going to change how you can place those.
Stairs are going to go around corners now, which is kind of cool.
Item frames, so you can make little frames of your maps and clocks and stuff like that.
Heads, you can put a human head in the wall.
They're also making some changes to trapdoors.
They're adding wooden buttons that you can activate with arrows.
And potatoes, carrots, carrots on a stick for riding pigs.
You can ride pigs and control where they go now.
Awesome.
So we're going to have, I'm going to set up a pig cart racing track.
That'll be pretty awesome.
God.
Different potions, including night vision and invisibility potions.
Maps, now you can spawn them, or you can craft them so they zoom out
and create larger maps.
And leather armor can be dyed, so you can wear pink armor if you want to.
And of course the new villain or boss character in the game, the wither,
can be spawned too, although I'm kind of scared to spawn that
because you can actually create it with soul sand and wither skeleton skulls,
but he will attack mobs and players.
And he's got explosive heads that will actually blow up everything, including obsidian.
Oh boy.
So, I'll have to make a rule.
No spawning the wither.
I just sort of blanked out and had no idea what he was talking about.
It's like when you talk about Mass Effect.
You know what I'm talking about.
I at least hear you.
Well, bats are going to be cool.
I mean, those will...
It sounds interesting.
I've been slacking on a Minecraft thing, I have.
There's only so many hours in the day, people.
Remember folks, you can come to the Minecraft server.
We got, I'm usually on with one or two people.
Usually it's just me, for hours at a time.
I made a giant fucking roller coaster the other day.
Nice.
It's really big.
I want to ride it.
It's got lots of jumps on it.
Alright.
And, yeah.
Very cool.
Alright, well, one more story for you guys tonight,
and this is a bit of a sad thing.
We did lose somebody in the gaming industry this week,
and it was a UK-based individual, Mike Singleton,
who unfortunately passed away this week at the age of 61.
He died of natural causes,
and this was after a year-long battle with jaw cancer.
You may not know the name,
but you might know some of his contributions,
including Space Ace on the Commodore VIC-20.
I don't think that's to be confused with the arcade title.
War and Middle Earth for the ZX Spectrum.
Midwinter and Midwinter 2 for the Atari ST, Amiga, and PC.
One of the most recent things he was involved with.
Grid for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
So Mike Singleton, again, passed away at 61.
Please, a tip of the glass here.
A toast to absent friends.
Alright, let's get to Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And the Skype line is now open.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call, again, the Skype line's open.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I need to go grab the iPad.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Just some small stuff.
They were talking about having a change to the Xbox Live, I guess, service.
They're going to do Xbox Live migration to anyone, I guess.
And it's going to be automated soon.
And what migration means is that if, for example, I'm in North America and I move to Europe,
you can change your account so that it will show the European marketplace.
Which would be completely useless if you brought your system.
But for whatever reason, if you want to change regions or something like that, then you can do that.
But they're going to allow you to do that.
Let me quickly go to the phones because we do have a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's Shane.
Shane. What's up, Shane?
There are two things I would like to talk about tonight.
Number one.
Silent Hill Book of Memories is a piece of garbage.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. You probably would have used another word, but I know you don't swear.
Well, it's also a piece of crap or a piece of...
Well, I've already used two words, so it's fine.
Why is it so terrible? You're like the biggest Silent Hill fan I know.
Not lately because they've all been crap games.
In fact, this weekend I watched Downpour because I haven't played it yet and that was pretty crap too.
My boyfriend picked up the main game and I forced him to return it because I've heard bad things.
So then I downloaded the demo, which is not always indicative of the quality of the game, but from what I understand, the demo is really close.
And it ruins everything that I like about Silent Hill.
It's a dungeon crawler with breakable weapons, mixed up characters, and it's got a store for goodness sakes that you visit to buy things.
Get your Diablo out of my Silent Hill.
Yeah, and I hate Diablo, so it makes it worse.
But the thing that got me right away was in the tutorial, besides making your character, which I usually love, because making characters I can spend hours on,
you enter the Silent Hill world. The very first monster you see is Valtiel and he gives you missions.
His first mission? Visit the store.
That's not something Valtiel would ask me to do.
For one thing, he doesn't have a mouth. He'd just be shaking his head at me.
And secondly, I'd probably be dead.
Wow.
Yeah, it is a negative 1200.
Silent Hill has jumped the shark.
Yes, and I expected better from this company because they did the ports of Contra.
Well, not ports, but they did Contra 4 and A Boy and His Blob, the remake. So, I don't know, very disappointed.
Let's see, BlackWolf in our chatroom says, quote, I hate Silent Hill. It's not Mass Effect. Shane, back of the box.
No, that is not true. I like other things that are not Mass Effect, just not as much.
All right, what's the number two thing you want to talk about tonight?
Um, crap, what was it? Oh, Mass Effect.
Of course, of course.
I am greatly disheartened at the fact that they have confirmed no Shepard for the next game.
And they also are saying that it's not going to be like another Shepard type character.
Which leads me to think that it may not even be the same style of gameplay, which I'm very, very, very worried about.
It should be the saga of Garrus.
It's going to be a dancing game.
I'm very pissed off at them, Shane.
I hope it's the Volus dancing game.
It's going to be Space Channel 5.
It's going to be Volus bowling.
Okay, look, here's the deal. It's because it's probably a next gen game.
The Mass Effect 4 is going to be on the new consoles, and so that's why I think they're putting the past behind, and they're going to go this different direction.
I don't think that means you're going to get this drastically different gameplay.
It's just, you know, whatever the niche is about these new consoles, Mass Effect's probably worked it in somehow.
I'm just worried that it'll be like an RTS or something that I hate, or a sports game, or a strategy game.
I think it's just going to be very similar, but, you know, it might handle a little differently, it might play a little differently.
Just don't expect the same interface and all that stuff you see in the first one.
I think it'll be alright. Give it a chance.
I'll give it a chance.
Bioware made Mass Effect 1 after all, and 2, and 3.
Shane, yell at them for me.
Yell at who?
Anyone who's involved with my Mass Effect not connecting.
I don't know who to yell at for that.
She's been trying to play. Funny enough, I know somebody she could yell at.
There you go. Rob is your answer.
But, um, yeah. You might know this person, actually.
Really?
I'll tell you off air. I better not. Can't tell you here.
But, um, yeah.
I need my Garris fix.
Jamie's not able to play multiplayer with us, instead. I played some multiplayer.
I can't even play single player.
We have more achievement points than Alan. How does that work?
Or, not achievement points, but challenge points, whatever that new thing is.
I do not know.
BlackWolf is trolling in our chat room saying,
A Mass Effect with the writing team of Borderlands and Portal. Want.
So, not as good as previous Mass Effect games?
No, that just means that they'll throw in a lot of dirty humor.
I don't want that. I like the seriousness.
Technus Reality Check says,
Unfortunately, BioWare has to finish Dragon Age 3 first.
Yeah, no one cares.
You know, I care. I like Dragon Age. I didn't like 2, but I'm actually thinking about giving it another shot on some system that I own it on.
I don't know which one I'm going to play it on, but I got excited for the information that leaked out.
Or, not leaked out, but that came out about Mass Effect Dragon Age 3.
But there's no Garris.
There's no what?
Garris.
I'm not all about Garris like you, so there's no Kayden for me.
There's no Kayden.
That's true.
There are the little weepy emo elf boys.
I played one of those in the first game.
He was awesome. He wasn't sad.
Alright, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight, Shane?
No. Not at all.
Well, apparently you broke our stream anyway, so thanks for that.
Good. I'm proud of that.
Alright, then I'm hanging up on you. Bye.
Alright. 1877 Game OLR.
Who am I talking to right now?
Nobody, because the stream's not connected apparently.
Alright.
Well, it did just reconnect, so hopefully some people will hear this and know that the Skype line is open again.
1877 Game OLR.
Did I say that right? 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Did we ever figure out if it was the host thing because obviously our internet here is not having issues?
Yeah, it's not our internet here.
It is either...
Well, I don't even think it's our connection getting to the server because wouldn't that mean our IRC should go down?
Our internet would stop working.
You'd get booted from Mass Effect or whatever you're doing in there.
Like, all that should happen too, right?
That individual connection from, sorry, 3 to 2 to the thing in New Jersey.
Hmm. Maybe. I don't know. Alright.
I blame New Jersey.
Alright.
The entire state.
Let's try to go...
I think maybe other things don't get disrupted by little internet hiccups.
But the feed will just shut down if that happens.
I don't know. Anyhow.
Let's move on. 1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki, did you have any last minute stories for us?
Because I got some tweets I can do here.
No, I don't have any.
Let me go to a tweet from ActDeft that says,
Oh, the Wii U's first commercial from Europe.
I didn't know the Wii U.
That's actually the commercial. Don't worry.
At last, a brand new console with a brand new controller that redefines how you interact with games.
So what is Wii U?
Shoot at the TV like never before.
Sping, sping, sping, sping, sping, sping!
Nice shooting.
And say someone wants to watch TV when you're halfway through a game.
I want to watch the TV now.
Do both and everyone's happy.
See a different perspective with the gamepad and get closer to your target for a more precise shot.
Nice.
Is this a real commercial?
It's a real commercial. It's in Europe, but I wanted to point out something that I read.
Do notice when they say play games that you've never seen before or something like that,
and they show Batman Arkham City.
The Skype line is ringing off the hook, so I need to get one of these calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Islands Radio. Who's this?
Hi, can you guys hear me?
Ooh, you're very, very quiet. Turn it up a little bit.
I'll try. It's just stupid skies being a pain.
Yeah, we can barely hear you. The listeners probably can't hear you either.
How about now?
Nope, you're still quiet.
We have one more go.
Crank it up.
May I have to shout it in this case?
We can hear you a little bit. Go ahead. What's up? Who is this?
First up, this is DDR Dollar Bill.
Hey, DDR Dollar Bill. What's on your mind?
Hey, not much. You guys mentioned earlier about you gave a shout-out to those who participated in the Extra Life marathon.
Yes.
Yeah, I took part in that too for the first time.
Congratulations. How'd you do?
I lasted for quite a while, but I dozed off at around six-something.
That's all right.
Yeah, but it taught me something very interesting.
First off, me and my coworker at work actually managed to raise a decent amount of money in two days because we just got the okay from our job to take part in this.
Nice.
And second off, it is so hard to do 24 hours of gaming on some games because some games just bored the hell out of me after an hour.
How did you do it? Did you try to do one game for the whole 24 hours, or were you like, okay, every hour we're going to switch? How did you do that?
I switched it up about every one hour or two hours, depending on the game and how I was feeling when playing it.
I got you. So what kind of stuff did you play?
Let's see. I haven't re-bought a new game in a while because I'm waiting on a new computer to ship in, so it was mostly stuff that I had to catch up with in my queue, which is quite a lot, but quite old.
I was catching up in Arkham Asylum, for example, then there was Red Dead Redemption, things like ModNation Racers, and even Infamous.
And then I went to the 360 where I caught up with some Rock Band 3 and things like Virtua Fighter 5.
So a lot of modern stuff, but that's good.
And were you live streaming this all to Ustream or Twitch or whatever one of those sites, or were you just kind of doing this at home and trying to get people to sponsor you doing that at home?
Mostly through Facebook, and I just stayed at home. I didn't really do any streaming or tweeting because, like I said, it was my first time, so I wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Sure. Hey, you know what? And even raising $1 is a great effort for the cause, so congrats to you.
Let me ask you, though, how did you go about raising the money? Did you just spam a lot on Facebook, or what was your strategy to get people to care?
I just posted. I had two days to get the money, so I just said, alright, I'm just going to post on Facebook, and whoever gives, whoever gives, you know, wasn't going to be picky.
I'm just like, hey, just whatever you can spare. I don't care if it's $1 or $2 or $12, just whatever you can spare.
And some of my coworkers gave money.
Nice. Well, assuming you're doing it all again next year, what are some things you're going to do differently?
Get the okay about a month in advance, and then start doing a fundraising there and asking everybody I can think of, and I also would like to see you guys participate as well.
You know, it's kind of hard when one of us has a baby, you know, to do the 24-hour straight, but we definitely want to get involved in the charity effort.
I mean, you know, last year, Dark Soccer and I both did a lot with UmLoud, and we're going to do whatever we can to help this year as well.
That's something that we're really passionate about. We do want to try to do our own thing outside of the holidays, just because the holiday is a very crowded time for charity, but, you know, charity needs TLC 24 or 7, 365.
So we do want to do something at some point. We think especially with the VOG Network behind us, you know, get Bobby and Critical Myth and some of the other shows in on it.
Try to do some type of, and maybe not necessarily just games, we have to really think about this, but some type of nerding out for charity, and we've got to really put the borders on that, but I think there's an idea in there somewhere.
Ah, I see. That's a good idea, actually. Hell, I don't think anybody would say no to geeking out for charity.
Exactly. We just have to figure out exactly how to do it, so we'll see what we can do.
I just have one more quick question. What is it about World of Warcraft that keeps you guys playing? I just want to know that.
Pandas.
The other people that play, and just, you know, having the community, and I'm not necessarily just talking strangers, but like friends or people that have become my friends through the game.
Just, you know, being able to log in and say, hey, it's a chat room with fireballs and swords.
I like that.
That's exactly it. Alright, well take care, buddy. Have a good one.
You too, thanks.
Thanks for the call, and thanks for doing Extra Life. That's great.
Hey, any time.
Alright, take care.
Yeah, we do need to get in on more stuff like that. We do. But, you know, there's a lot of charity events. We can't do them all, but we'll plug wherever we can, absolutely.
1877 Game O.L.R., username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. I'm falling way behind on some of these Twitter stories, so let me get to some other ones of these here.
Tigerclaw sends a few over here. One saying, UK man faces jail time for selling counterfeit Nintendo games. Oh, I'd read about this previously.
A 41-year-old Justin Success Brooks. Well, not living up to his middle name right now.
Apparently, he did fraudulent sale of counterfeit Nintendo games. This is all allegedly.
According to the Cryodin Guardian, he was caught in an investigation conducted by Nintendo and then the UK Interactive Entertainment Association.
He trafficked illegal Nintendo goods from 2009 and 2011. He made almost a million dollars in U.S. dollars. It was about 600,000 pounds.
Selling counterfeit Wii DS and DSi games. He was charged with seven counts of fraud, two counts of fraudulent trading, two counts of supplying an article to use in a fraud,
two counts of unauthorized possession of goods bearing a trademark, and one count of unauthorized use of the trademark is what that all boils down to.
He did plead guilty to all counts. He's awaiting sentencing. Boy, oh boy. Alright, let's do one more call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Raginator.
Hey, what's up, Raginator? Haven't heard from you in a while.
Yeah, I know. It's kind of a long story. I kind of posted on what's been going on on the blog forums, so I won't rehash that.
Fair enough. Well, what's up? What's on your mind?
Well, I, God forbid, I actually got my first PC game, you know, last weekend. It's kind of an older title, but definitely good one. I think you guys would approve the Apple II.
That is a classic. That is a classic. And in fact, you should just keep playing that one and pretend it's three, because then you'll be more satisfied.
Oh, I'm trolling. I'm trolling. Making the Diablo III fans mad.
Honestly, you know, truth be told, you know, I've seen that I don't have access to a PlayStation 3 for the time being. I need something to play.
I was sure that Diablo II would run out of my machine, so they have the store. I can't figure what the heck to pick it up.
So, you're playing the classics right now. What made you choose Diablo II out of all the games you could have picked out there?
Well, I wanted to get a game legally as opposed to some kind of torrent. Some torrents were out. And some of the edutainment titles they would give for kids definitely don't appeal to me.
And I'm pretty sure that even though my new computer is a little bit more high-tech than my old computer that was stolen, you know, games like Grand Theft Auto and whatnot probably won't run on my computer.
So, I can't figure. Alright, Diablo II is what? Ten years old?
It might even be older than that, actually. But yeah, it's old. Very old.
Yeah, and plus, you know, I played Diablo I, or at least a PlayStation 1 port of Diablo I on my, you know, PlayStation 1 way back when. I knew I liked the PlayStation 1 port of the original game, so I can't figure.
Eh, might as well go with it. Plus, it was $20 for the base gaming and the one expansion pack, so.
Okay, so some of our chatters are asking about this, so I have to ask you about it because I keep hearing it too. Do you have a smoke alarm dying in the background?
Uh, basically, yes. I need to, you know, put the new battery in.
Don't set fire to your house with it because when it's crying out for a low battery, just be careful. Oh my god, how do you sleep with that going?
Uh, well, I learned to tune it out, actually, so.
Honestly, get up, take that thing down, take the battery out. Not that I should be encouraging you to do that, but get a good night's sleep, for god's sake. Take the battery out of that sucker and make it a priority in the next couple days to replace that before your place burns down, which I hope it doesn't, but you always want to be prepared.
Yeah, well, and I don't do, you know, I don't engage in any kind of dangerous activities in my place, but I never know with my neighbors.
That's right, your neighbors might be smoking marijuana and you don't even know. Alright, look, the thing I really wanted to tell you about was, you should check out this website.
If you're interested in getting games legally, especially old stuff that will play on your computer and, you know, safe, I would look into a website called GOG.com, and that's G-O-G.com, it's Good Old Games, and they sell tons of old stuff, and a lot of it goes for like five bucks, seven bucks, and there's some really good stuff in there.
In fact, they're trying to cash in on the indie bundle craze right now, not that it's really an indie bundle per se, but they have like an interplay bundle going on right now, where for like 35 bucks you can get like 50 games, and there's some classics in there, like Descent, and Castles, which is a game I used to play. It's a great website, and I have to recommend it.
Another game that I probably should probably get back into is World of Warcraft, if only because I did download the clients on my computer and tried to play it, although the framing was extremely choppy.
Well, you can say goodbye to your life if you get back into World of Warcraft. No, but well, the graphics have come a long way.
It's a higher, more powerful game, and I think it will be a little bit better.
Sure, that's good. Have a good one.
I guess I had to end the call, but let's all hope that Raginear gets the battery replaced in Smoke Detector soon.
Alright, moving on. I need to do the rest of these Twitter topics, because there's still like a bunch of these here.
So I did the one about Tigerclaw on the counterfeit time. Let me read one other tweet from Tigerclaw. He sent a couple others. Usually I do a two tweet max, but these are both pretty good.
This is about the Zynga lawsuit that was settled. Zynga sued the makers of Pyramidville because they used the word Ville.
Cobo Joe was the name of the company. They actually settled, and Pyramidville is now Pyramid Valley, so I can't believe it. They caved.
Oh well. Poor guys.
Alright, here's the other one from Tigerclaw that I think is definitely worth reporting on here. Apparently there's a Steam vulnerability that can lead to a remote insertion of malicious code.
Now don't panic, for God's sake, but you know when Steam gets a hole poked in and a lot of people are going to be talking about it.
So apparently there's a vulnerability in the Steam browser.
Does Steam come out when you poke a hole in it?
But it's the Steam browser protocol. When you use, instead of like HTTP to go to a website, you use Steam colon slash slash to go to a website.
If you can get a user to click on a link for a specially formed Steam URL, an attacker can remotely exploit buffer overflow bugs and other vulnerabilities in Steam games and Steam itself to get malicious code on a target's machine.
So please be careful what you click on, but knowing Valve, this shit is probably already patched. We're going to be on it very soon.
So, there you go.
Also, Dark Tetsuya wants to remind you guys, and I'm so sorry I forgot. I think this is really cute, these little fan games and so forth that are made.
Dark Tetsuya finished his President Cat Pong, which he made in the games factory, and sure enough it's a little President Cat.
You know we love President Cat that bounces back and forth on these barber poles? Whatever, it works out.
So, very cute. Love it.
It is available for download. The only place you're going to find it is on the forums at vognetwork.com slash forums.
Check the Orange Lounge Radio Forum for the President Cat Pong download. Good job, Dark Tetsuya.
ActDeft tweets about Forza Horizon's Rally Expansion and StreetPass? Oh, SeasonPass, excuse me.
Forza Horizon, of course, is launching on October 23rd. Apparently, what's happening with this, for 1600 Microsoft points, you can get the Forza Horizon Rally Expansion pack.
It is included with the SeasonPass, however, and I guess you get an off-road racing experience with deeper ruts, higher jumps, and new surface types to explore.
It's an add-on pack for Forza. What else do you need to know? Look at them shiny cars. Look at them shiny, pretty cars.
I am terrible at Forza, just for the record.
SDG100Matt sent that same link about Skyrim at Rice University. Bummer, we already talked about that. Fushuda!
That's it for Twitter Topics. How about, um, Loki, did you have anything else you wanted to throw out there?
No. I have nothing.
Ooh, this is a big one. Bobby's linking this in chat right now.
From the official PlayStation blog, a new system software update for PlayStation 3, 4.3, will make changes to how trophies are displayed on your PlayStation 3.
It's now on the PlayStation Network on the cross-media bar. Alright.
Let's see. Also, by the beginning of November 2012, we will retire the services available through the Life with PlayStation application.
We will stop offering the Life with PlayStation application to new users with the 4.3 update.
This includes the conclusion of our participation with Stanford University's Folding at Home.
Over 15 million users participated in the program. They've donated more than 100 million computation hours to the Folding at Home project.
Um, considering the contribution PS3 has made to the project, we decided to retire it as a result of discussions with Stanford University.
So at least it wasn't like they just yanked the plug, but I guess it was a mutual decision. That's kind of interesting.
Did they find the cure of what they were looking for? I hope so.
Huh.
Well, at least it was a mutual decision, but I hope it wasn't one of those mutual decisions meaning Sony went to Stanford saying,
this is what we're going to do. Tell us how you're going to deal with it.
I don't know. It seems like it was a good thing.
Beg for us to change your mind.
Right?
No? Fine.
So. All right.
So that's all I've got. So you don't have any more last minute stories?
I don't have any more last minute stories. I think that means we're at the end of the show.
Windows 8's out this week, right? Excited?
Yay.
Tigerclaw wants to remind us she can still do Folding at Home on the PC.
All right. Um, let's wrap up the show. We're done. We're out of here. Good night.
Remember, if you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Word of mouth, it's all we got.
We really appreciate the enthusiasm in the fan community through these fan games and all that other stuff.
Also, of course, you know, kind words on iTunes reviews, Stitcher promotions, things like that.
You know, other iOS devices. What other apps are there? TuneIn. I can't even think of them all.
There's so many. And Android, too.
Alan has one I've never even heard of that he uses to listen to podcasts, and it's pretty good.
So, wherever you heard about Orange Lounge Radio, please help us spread the word. We appreciate it.
And, of course, support all the shows on VOG Network.
vognetwork.com. We've got a ton of great shows on the network.
All week long talking about various geek things, not just gaming shows, but TV shows and movies.
Well, no dedicated movie shows yet, but some of them talk about movies.
Things about British TV culture, anime shows, Warcraft shows. It's all there, vognetwork.com.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, we'll start with you tonight. Your final thought.
Well, Lisa, if you're going to use Windows 8, there's Start 8 by Stardock.
That'll actually put the Start menu back, so it's not so broken.
Okay.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
I'm still pissed that I can't play Mass Effect. Still so pissed.
As you should be.
And I miss my kitty.
I'm sorry. All right.
Well, my final thought is I'm hungry and I can't wait for dinner.
And it's really too bad that I haven't eaten dinner yet, because you know what even sounds better than dinner?
It's Pinkberry. Nah, nah, nah. Maybe later this week.
Pinkberry for dinner.
Pinkberry for dinner. Someday.
Also, and I have one more final thought.
RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race starts tomorrow, just so you know.
Just so you know. You can watch the...
Judging you.
Here's the disappointing thing. You can watch the first episode online right up to the elimination.
It's okay. It wasn't as good as it should be.
I hate the twist. I hate the twist.
Reality TV twists are stupid.
All right, that's it. If I haven't scared you off already, thanks for tuning into the show and downloading and listening to us.
We really appreciate it.
Have a wonderful week. We'll be back to doodle again next time.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
