Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie and Loki
Tonight, October 7th, 2012, Sony sues a former spokesman. Cheating allegations emerge in the playoffs of one PC game competition.
And could pornography be on the way to the Xbox 360?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio with this episode number 476 for October 7th of 2012.
If you happen to be listening to us live at the Voice of Geeks Network, head on over to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
If you're listening to us on the podcast feed or via Stitcher or some other type of smartphone application, well that's cool too.
But please pencil us in sometime for a live show. We do tape Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
We are here to talk about video games and all that good stuff with myself, Rob Roberts, and my co-host tonight here, Loki.
Hi.
How you doing Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yes. What's new with you? How was your day?
It was good. I did a lot of non-gaming stuff like mowing the backyard.
Damn that real life stuff. Damn it all.
I've been putting it off for a while. Once the weather gets cooler then I'll do it and then finally the weather got cooler so I had to do it.
Alright, now before the chat room starts conspiracy theories, you'll notice I did not introduce Dark Sakura.
We do love Dark Sakura but she is not here tonight. She ditched our ass to go hang with gays at Disneyland.
Which, can you blame her? Let's be honest. It is the happiest place on earth after all.
So she is wrapping up her trip at Disneyland. She should be back for the next live show.
No sub co-host tonight. Alan's usually our standby co-host. He had to work.
I put a call out on Twitter but I was a little late in doing that because I've been a little bit busy too with some other stuff going on.
So it's just Loki and I here in the studio with you guys in the chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
The always present fourth guest on our show or I guess tonight third guest on our show.
BlackWolf in our chat says I can blame her just like I blame Rob. F you buddy.
What am I being blamed for?
I don't know.
I guess Bobby does not want to go to Disneyland.
Perhaps you introduce Jamie to the love of Disneyland.
No, no. It was the other way around.
So she was the dealer?
Yes. In this case Jamie was the dealer. Well it was really. You remember the OLR lesbians. Chris and Meg Z.
Who used to live here in the Bay area. They've moved to Wisconsin. That's why they haven't been on the show that much anymore lately.
But a few years ago they were the ones that took me to my first trip at Disneyland. They had already been taking Jamie.
So they really. It's lesbians fault that I'm in love with Disneyland.
Big giant pyramid scheme.
Perhaps. Maybe there's money being kicked back or whatever. But you know.
We spread the. We spread obsession love all around. See then I introduced Dark Soccer to Warcraft.
Shane introduced me to Mass Effect which I then got you know Dark Soccer into as well.
Thankfully I've been introduced to none of those things so.
Well who started Minecraft? Was that. Was that me or was that you? Who finally. I think that was kind of you on Xbox.
Well I think we were both on Xbox and then I decided to do the PC version and then.
And then unfortunately it was just downhill from there.
It's so fun. It's it's a good way to relax sometimes.
All right. Let's see. Going to more comments in our chat room.
Act Def talking about Dark Soccer's trip says it is the gayest place on earth literally.
Yes this weekend it is. But remember it's not officially recognized.
No officially recognized gayest place on earth would be San Francisco.
So you know unfortunately it's just today you know it's kind of like.
I would argue the gayest place on earth is a Scissor Sisters concert in West Hollywood.
But what do I know. Once again that's one of the temporary designations you know.
Whereas you know any other time it goes back to San Francisco.
There actually is. If I remember right in New York New York listeners help me out here.
But right off of Christopher Street which I recall is the gay district there.
There is a street called Gay Street. If I remember right.
New York listeners correct me if I'm wrong I know there's several of you listening.
And in our chat room at chat chat dot orange lounge radio.
Oh excuse me chat dot live dot vog network dot com.
You have one home for so many years it's hard to beat it out of your head.
What can I say. Let's see.
Brad from pod cultures in our chat saying Rob Roberts.
So Disney and games are social diseases now. Now let's not call it a disease.
Maybe just their distractions. That's what Rama confirming for me.
Yes there is a gay street over in the West Village. Thank you Rama.
You know if she was rich enough she would totally be buying that replica haunted mansion that they have.
I heard about that. What is that all about like a four street actual or excuse me four story actual replica.
Yeah it's a replica except when they show the inside like that doesn't look like the haunted mansion at all.
It doesn't resemble anything that I've seen. I don't remember there being a nice kitchen set and all this.
I hope it's not the Nightmare Before Christmas version. Don't get me wrong.
I love Haunted Mansion. I love Nightmare Before Christmas. I don't like it's like my IKEA versions.
Unfortunately a whole nother nightmare there. All right.
Before we get to our gaming weeks we always like to start off with a kickoff topic and I got to tell you I I'm kind of in the same boat as Loki.
We've both been very busy lately just with other stuff going on. I don't know specifically what Loki's had going on but I know here locally.
I am working very hard with some other people you might know actually Jessica Harper from under station lives Sunday night or Saturday nights here at Vogue Network is a big part of this too.
We're trying to bring the Rocky Horror Picture Show back to Sacramento which to take a trip down memory lane.
I've been involved with Rocky Horror for since like 98 and the first internet radio show I was on after my college radio shtick was under station live which was born of Rocky Horror.
So you can kind of thank Rocky Horror for getting me into internet radio in the first place in a roundabout way.
Well it's finally coming back to Sacramento and oh my gosh it has been a lot a lot of work and a lot of money and a lot of time but you know it's gonna be great.
I really can't wait for the show. So it does kind of cut into the gaming time a little bit. I don't know if you've had the same experience with the stuff you've had going on.
No I only did I only did the lawn mowing that was like two hours today and that was it. The rest of the week it hasn't been any any of that.
But that's all the show is Friday if you happen to be in Northern California I urge you to check it out in Sacramento at the Colonial Theater 10 o'clock on Friday October 12th is the big show.
And I'm hosting it and it will be a very crazy different side of me than what you see. Even worse than Hoard House so that's all I'm going to say about that.
But yeah if you're local please come see the show. But after that I will finally have some time to get caught up on a few things that I've been neglecting like VOG and you know video games playing games and things like that.
And it's just around the right season for Halloween and scary games and things of that sort going on which I thought we could talk a little bit about scary video games and games you know seasonal Halloween games.
Now Loki do you ever play scary games that actually scare you like I know I know you I know you maybe don't want to admit this but do you ever play like scary video games actually make you scared legit scared.
Well I did play bullet which back then but you know that's that's a little different is that the showgirls answer.
No that was just so terrible. No I don't really play scary games I guess. I don't know. Minecraft at one point was scary back when we were playing survival and you run into the first Enderman it's like oh shit there's Enderman then you realize how how pathetic they are then it's not very scary anymore.
But no I honestly don't really play any scary games because I don't have a lot of time for that stuff. Let alone time to like turn off lights play scary game. I'm not really into Silent Hill so which which is fine because all the Silent Hills nowadays kind of.
Yeah I remember those speaking of Silent Hill. I remember when you and I were living together a while ago. This has been like in the early days of O.L.R. that was right when Silent Hill for the room was new and I was playing through that one night and I legit got scared like ice.
I like screamed I let out like this totally girls scream because something really scary happened like I walked into a room and there was like one of those two headed baby monsters was coming right at me.
And I'm like and you're like you're sitting over there playing Final Fantasy 11 or something you just kind of look over like what the hell's wrong with you.
Like your response was classic. You were being highly insensitive and it was hilarious. Sounds like me.
Locopoco in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says scariest game ever. Spice World. See everybody's going for the what's your favorite scary movie showgirls. They're going for that answer.
Spice World is one of the most hilarious video games ever. I could tell another story about that but I won't about friends playing that game and just laughing and laughing and laughing a lot. Good times.
You know their bus has the same technology as the TARDIS. It's a lot bigger on the inside than it actually. It's a British thing. It's it's it's the secrets that the British folks have figured out.
Who cares about you know physics. That's fine. Make it entertaining. What up G in our chat says when does that new Silent Hill movie hit and should I see it.
I think it's the end of the last last weekend of the month right before probably near Halloween. There's the new Silent Hill game which is on the Vita that's been delayed forever and it's finally coming on the 16th.
That's probably your next Silent Hill bit but that's pretty much it. I mean it looks good. It's got what's his name from. Yeah I don't know what the hell his name is really from Game of Thrones.
There's a lot of or I should say a lack of scary movies this year isn't there because you have a paranormal activity. We don't have you. We do have a parent or is there any for. I haven't seen any of those movies.
Yeah there's a paranormal activity for there's insidious which apparently is really good. There's no saw anymore. No the saw is done. Yeah. Thank God. No they had those movies. They had I'm trying to think what else they had.
There was one. I think it already came out though there was one that was the Chernobyl Diaries. That was one that was supposed to be all right. But yeah paranormal activity for.
Trying to think when all their ones there are dark to see you with the save there. October 26 if I recall correctly Black Wolf with the gaming reference paranormal activity for apparently uses the connect to detect ghosts now.
Oh yeah I think I read something about that. It's just got to keep it current. Whatever it's just in a scene. Let's see Shayna link goes in our chat room saying the little goomba like enemies and braid freak me out for no reason.
I guess sometimes there's there's like certain like mobs that are just really creepy looking in video games that might kind of freak you out. I don't know. Maybe just hits that nerve. All right. Anyhow live dog vog network dot com if you want to comment along with the show.
I wish our soccer was here so I could ask her about scary games because I know she's played her share of them but oh well we'll get her answer next week as we ramp up to Halloween. Let's talk about video games we have been playing what little there may be.
I at least have one new game to talk about. I don't know what you got Loki. How was your gaming week. Well this week I played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 as I normally do. I was going for what I call streak week which means I won every single game of the week.
I missed it by one. So I missed it by one and by three points and it was just because we were down the plane with only three people and it was a small map and it was just one of those games where I'd end up spawning on the opposite side of the map is the other two guys and you know they get kill and then it spawned the other side by the time I got over there and it was just back and forth like that.
So unfortunately it's just I wasn't able to rack up enough kills. I didn't know when the game prior to that you know by quite a bit I usually was doubling or tripling their scores but you know I got 16 out of you know that was a nine and 16.
It was like 18 out of the 19 games we played. That's not bad. So whatever. And then I played Minecraft a little bit. Most of this week was spent just kind of wandering around because I didn't really know what I wanted to build because I got I mean I was sort of not really done my castle but I don't want to go through and furnish everything because it's a pain in the ass in creative mode to put stuff in chess.
You have to kind of put it into your hot bar and move it into your survival inventory and then go up to the chest and move it into from the chest. You know you saw that inventory into the chest and then you have to fill it all back up again.
You can't just like open the chest open the you know creative inventory or whatever and just drop everything in there that you want which would be ideal.
Yeah. Stupid asked me actually destroyed my chest and everything in it. But thankfully to creative mode I could put it all back and then some. Yeah. So there's that. And then I kind of.
Well I had prior to Rob getting on the server I was hustling to get the giant snowman done because you know the snowman went with the snow golems that were in his house and the mushrooms which my friend put in there.
Yeah. Thanks for that by the way. Those are fun. And we want it. Well originally I was going to that was a scary moment video games by the way when I logged into that and then all of a sudden and it's like moo cows.
Cows can be kind of scary. Just so you know you know they're changing all the sound effects for those cows soon. Really. Yeah. The next update they're going to have witches and bats.
And it's a Halloween update. So witches bats and some other fun stuff and they're going to have witches huts and they're going to redo all the sound effects for things. So that's kind of anyway.
So Minecraft actually did start working on a little bit. What was it they hit sun's been making this kind of wild network of portals to another and stuff. So you can walk around the map.
So I've been I was dressing up one of those portals because it's near my castle so I was going to incorporate that into the castle a little bit. I just like maybe I should just expand my castle a little bit more since I was kind of having fun doing that.
But yeah I'm going to try to stay away from making giant spheres in the game because that's a pain in the ass. And I did you know that snowman was huge. By the way I was originally going to have it where you'd step on something and shoot snowballs at you but it got too tall.
So I put arrows in it now but it still shoots all it does is shoot the like billboard which is kind of ridiculous. But so you built something to actually shoot the ad for Orange Lounge Radio that somebody built in.
Well it wasn't there when I was originally okay but they built it in there. So whatever it was funny.
And then what else did I play.
I know there's something else. Is it something my phone.
I downloaded the little big planet demo so I haven't gotten a chance to check that out yet but I was going to because I charged my via again. So I've been using it but I do want to pick up.
I may pick up a little big planet on that.
What else. What else. So it's again dishonored soon. So I'll have that. I don't know if I'm going to play it though. It's one of those things I may just sell it. I got Resident Evil 6 that's going.
Yeah. I have not heard good things about Resident Evil 6. There's some people that are talking about it in chat. There's a few people I I've just been kind of keep my eye on chat. Some people are saying it's really not that bad.
I heard something about a final boss that's kind of it looks very over the top. See this is something like I don't know who any of these characters are because I don't follow the series at all.
It's just something I haven't gotten into and I don't really want to get into now.
Dishonored looks all right. So I'm kind of interested in that. Modern Warfare you know or not Modern Warfare Black Ops 2 looks interesting so I'll hopefully check that out once that gets around here which a whole lot of drama with that.
Here comes some of the comments. Acidic vampire in chat says Resident Evil 6 is not that bad. Which says to me it's kind of bad but it's not that bad. If you're a longtime fan maybe you'll put up with it.
Let's see someone else.
Code Man's asking a question about your Minecraft habits in another game that you've talked about before. Code Man says Loki have you gotten the Minecraft sniper rifle in Borderlands 2? It shoots Minecraft arrows.
I haven't but see that's the problem. Minecraft has kept me away from well Minecraft and my wife watching this the entire series of medium has gotten me kind of away from Borderlands because unfortunately I don't really have anything.
You know actually I could go in the other room and play it on the other TV. Well anyways I haven't really bothered to try to play it yet but it's been a while since I've been playing Borderlands.
That's one of the ones I was trying to go back and play this week but I just didn't get a chance to. I've been playing Minecraft because I haven't had access to the TV. I'm waiting for it to get done with the season. She's on season 5 right now out of 7.
When did she start because that sounds like pretty fast progress to me.
A month or two ago.
That's not bad.
Yeah so she's been watching Netflix and God that show is terrible. It's not terrible it's just you can totally tell when they like switched up the writers because the first two seasons were all right and then the third season it got weird and then the fourth season it got really weird and then.
Sounds like you've been watching a lot of it too.
I have been just because it's on TV and I've actually watched some of it before but the fifth season it's kind of back to how it was before it's like maybe that was when the writers strike was or something like that it just really strange.
But anyways I'm no medium talker.
So you late critical myth in chat says medium is a terrible show. I sympathize Loki.
Thankfully I've already spoiled it for my wife so.
Well she was spoiled books for me anyways you know.
So yeah so that's it. I probably go back and play some more Minecraft. I've been having fun without my coworkers having fun. I did I want been trying to figure out plugins that I want to put in there.
Although the server they run it can run it's basically got its multi craft is the front end and it's got a bunch of different server types you can do you can do a default you do like a vanilla server and optimize Minecraft server then bucket bucket server in a bucket beta server and buckets basically a server that has plugins in it and so you can add different bucket plugins to the game to do different things.
So one of the things I did which doesn't require bucket is I enabled raise many maps which is actually pretty awesome because one of the things that like I did explore the map and I get lost and I wouldn't be able to figure out where the hell my you know how to get back other than doing a teleport which I've been doing.
But now I had waypoints and so I know OK my house is in that direction so I know where I'm going and stuff.
So they did that oh one thing I did do in Minecraft I went back to the village because there's a village with actual villagers around there and their village was terrible because it spawned and there's like doorways that they can't get to so I made them a really terrible looking pink.
Pink wool house that they can go into and I spawned a bunch of villagers in there and a bunch of these iron golems to defend them against the zombies because all they were doing is like getting eaten by zombies so I had to repopulate.
So that's it but yeah looking for plugins I want to do the planes I want to do the planes but that requires like Minecraft Forge and I'm not really sure how to install that on a server that's not really my sound of access to the files that.
You know I think I have to ask them to upgrade you know us when the new Minecraft version comes out or something like that I think you have to do I don't think they do it automatically so I have to figure that out and I want to do the planes would be awesome and.
Maybe the guns I do want to do like a mob arena where we can just set up there's I think a bucket plug and reset up an area and you can just have it where you fight mobs and then when you die.
You know depending on how many mobs you kill you get a reward and you don't really die in the game you don't lose anything but you just die in the arena so it'd be kind of cool might set that up.
That's it all right well I don't want to turn this into the Minecraft show but I played a little bit of Minecraft as well I logged into the server and promptly got scared like hell as to all that crap that they put in my house.
And then I went outside and I saw on this vog server they just built everything around my house and I use this analogy on Bobby show as well but it's like you're the one holdout in the neighborhood who won't sell their house I'm like that old guy and up where everything is built around the house.
And they're trying to buy your house so I was like you know what I'm just going to I'm going to bulldoze my house and go somewhere remote it's not like I won't ever be able to get back we could build an elaborate rail car unit or whatever.
So I went to an unexplored part on my map that was just due south I just headed south of all that stuff code ban and chat says I got lost looking for skies new house I went south so there's a brick house that's up on a hill that's half finished unless.
Bobby I think I haven't been I was threatening to finish it for me I didn't finish I technically didn't finish this field all I did was just flat it out okay what's a joke I couldn't I couldn't think of anything I want to do my house is flat enough this mountain I'm sure he won't mind.
But I started to build my little brick house and I like the idea of being like a little bit farther away from all the action outside the city it's my summer home so.
Out there so I was working on that a little bit but I didn't have a whole lot of time for Minecraft I did play a little more World of Warcraft because obviously the expansion is still pretty great I'll leave all my thoughts on that to a horde house.com.
I will talk about a new game however the new game I want to talk about this week is did the stream go down people in chatter saying it went no I show that we're still submitting data so I don't know what the hell's going on.
The joys of doing live radio and we have nothing like Alan's not even here tonight so he's not playing Mass Effect or anything Jamie's not her computers not even here she's not here so we've got very little data I'm just yeah yeah all right well anyway.
Hopefully you all get back in time to hear me talk about the one game new game I did play this week because this is kind of important.
The new game that I played this week is Tokyo jungle on the PlayStation three yeah remember this remember this let me set the stage a little bit do you remember about.
Oh God I was probably about four or five years ago at this point we were talking about a game called President Cat.
And it was a game from Japan that I think the actual name of it was like Suki bonds to chow right now we are some of that I think about since our rain I probably butcher that name a little bit apologies to Japanese listeners.
But that was the game and we were looking at pictures of the game we were like oh my gosh this looks amazing it's like you play as this cat doing these crazy things like driving a car and doing all this stuff really where are these games in America.
Where are these new ideas where are these things we haven't seen before that are for the lols and hilarious and we started I think we got our listeners to tweet the people that made the game.
And it caught some of the game bloggers attention like we ended up being on joysticks of the other sites because of it like you know orange on radio took it upon themselves to make President Cat happen.
And then there was that whole follow up article about how Suki bonds so chow ran a we supposedly only sold 100 copies the week it came out which I still claim is is bullshit and somebody going for a sensationalist headline to one of those was mine.
Well yeah I know I'm like Loki bought it. But anyway so if there is ever a time to get President Cat it is now present presidential race is on.
That's right. Vote number three President.
It was 2008 because we I remember there was a ad that was poking fun at the Obama hope campaign. So it was 2008 when all that went down.
But anyway the point is why I bring that up to Tokyo jungle is that here is a game that's kind of that same crazy Japanese idea but it's actually coming out here.
And the whole trick of it is that you know humans are gone. It's this you know world where the animals are basically you know fighting to survive because humans are gone.
And now the cities are still there it's like the zombie apocalypse happened or something the animals are still alive. You get to unfold part about like what happened as you play more and more of the game.
But you basically select what animal you want to play the game as and you start with two you start with one carnivore and one herbivore.
And you can play as a little Pomeranian dog is the part of where you start as or you can play as some type of deer like a silica deer I think it's called or something is the herbivore that you can start with.
Oh thank you off can anagram says it was October 22nd 2009 I guess it wasn't that long ago.
And Tiger class is the premise of Tokyo jungle is similar to that show on the Discovery Channel called life after people.
Well anyway you can play as one of these animals and the game kind of plays a little bit more like an arcade game it's fast much faster pace than you think you quickly are trying to get all these goals.
And it would be basically to kill other animals and eat them because you have to eat to survive because your hunger meter starts to go down unless of course you're an herbivore then you're eating plants and avoiding getting eaten by other animals.
But no matter what animal you're playing as there's always someone bigger that's trying to eat you and you have to stay out of toxic dumps that could be in the city you have to stay away from all these things.
So you have all these meters that are constantly draining you have to stay on top of and make sure are full and then you're trying to complete all these micro goals so maybe it's eating and then it's marking your territory.
Yes you get to mark your territory in the game and then it's finding a female to mate with and then actually mating with the female.
Oh my god Loki I died laughing the first time that scene happened because you play us this little Pomeranian and we found the little female Pomeranian and went to the little nest and it goes all the way up to the dog getting up on his hind legs mounting the female Pomeranian before it fades to black.
So there's no thrust but there's definitely the assume the position and I was dying so that was great.
And that made me laugh a lot and then you basically you'll start the next generation so in the next generation you get stats passed down to you based on how you did in the first generation.
So the key to maxing out your stats is to continue to mate and get all these stats from having played the game.
But here's the thing this game is very Japanese in that it's very grindy and I don't mean the animal sex I was just talking about I mean like you know you have a lot of stuff you have to do and it's very unforgiving.
Because remember you've got three different meters if one of them drops you're dead you can only live about 15 years I think 20 years at the most if you don't mate within 20 years you're dead.
And by the way you have one life when you're dead game over it's all over.
So that's like Dark Souls level of unforgiving which is kind of awesome I have to say it kind of you know ramps the pressure up a little bit.
But there I will say this there is a way you can get more than one life and it is if you breed and you happen to have like four children you'll run around us a little pack.
And if one of you dies then another can take over but because you're running around in a pack one of your pack might have to be a decoy and take the hit so you don't take the hit.
So there's all this crap going on that you kind of have to manage I have to say it's pretty damn fun.
And you don't really see games like this that are out in America now is it a perfect game no sometimes you can get a little frustrating sometimes it feels a little grindy.
I was really irritated with the way that you can only save after you breed because it might take you a good 15 minutes to get from one life cycle to another.
And sometimes like I have to quit and save right now and if I don't if I don't save properly my game's gone basically you know you can't do anything about that.
So it's unforgivingness is almost a little bit too much but I really support this game and I'm a fan of it because it's totally like Sony is trying something that I think and we've said for a long time here on Orange Lawns Radio should be tried.
They took a game that was out as a retail game a $60 game in Japan which I got to say I don't think the game's worth 60 bucks but they made it they translated it they put it out for $15, 12 if you're PlayStation Plus on the PlayStation Network and it's a full fledged game.
For $12 it's pretty hard to not appreciate that value.
There's about like I think something like 30 different animals you can play as and then of course there's DLC if you want to play as more animals but there's crazy shit like panda bears and you know there's all this like funny stuff.
They even had in Japan they actually had it where one of the creatures you get was a salaryman.
Yeah I think I think that that happens later on so.
SSJ100Matt in our chat says at live.vognetwork.com a game where I can pee and have sex with everything? Sold!
Let's see.
ActDef says it's Mass Effect with animals. Not quite because there's really no dialogue and that's kind of the big part about Mass Effect.
Tigerclaw says when you play as the lions you have to protect the pride from rogue lions that are trying to take over.
Yeah that's I mean even when you play as the Pomeranian a beagle might take your ass out in 30 seconds. That's how I got killed the first time.
I'm running around doing my thing and then all of a sudden like a beagle jumps out of nowhere and attacks me and kills me. Game over.
So if you're the type that throws the controller at the TV and things like that when you get frustrated you may not really be into this game as much.
But I love that it's something different.
This game won't be for everybody but it's something different. I like it as an arcade style game.
So there you go. Tokyo Jungle. Loki you think you might pick this up at some point after hearing me talk about it? Maybe.
It's neat. It'll probably be on sale even more in a few months. The weird thing is nobody's really talking about this game. I tried to look up reviews online.
I found like three reviews. One great. One average. One negative. So this game is very polarizing I gotta say.
But like none of the big sites reviewed it at all and I've hardly read anything about it anywhere.
So it really sucks that like Sony's like trying this experiment and it might fail due to lack of promotion.
So I'm just saying everybody I'll use what little podcast we have here. If you think you might be interested in this type of game go check out Tokyo Jungle.
Cause it's a neat little gem on the Playstation Network.
Alright before we get into gaming news for tonight we have some housekeeping. I have quite a bit of housekeeping tonight actually.
Does the show sound any different to you tonight? It may or may not. It might be a subtle difference.
But we actually have new microphones here in studio.
And I'm hoping even though the difference probably won't be that drastic because we still have the same mixing board.
You might hear hopefully what if it's done right hopefully you'll hear less popping and hopefully Loki's volume changes won't be as bad.
But the nice thing is we're all on like the same mic now. Dan will have his own mic when he comes to guests on the show next time. Hooray.
And so I really want to thank Brad from Pod Culture for helping us out with the new microphones.
They are kind of hand-me-down microphones but if you've ever listened to Pod Culture their audio is really good.
So I was really happy to take on these microphones. So I really want to thank them.
They are on Monday nights of the Voice of Geeks Network at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
And they have done a lot. Brad from Pod Culture has done a lot and is very supportive of the projects I've done.
He hosts the website for Hoard House. He did those decals or I don't think he did them himself.
But he arranged the deal for those decals for Orange Lounge Radio and all that stuff.
So I'm really thankful for all Brad does for the show. So I really want to thank him.
I also want to make sure I thank Misty at some point because she played into this too.
When she was here visiting for the 10th anniversary she kicked in some financial support for that.
So I just really want to acknowledge and appreciate Misty as well as all you guys that tune in to hear it every week.
We try to get a little better. Even though we've been on for 10 and a half years now we still try to get better.
So hopefully this little new mic thing will go an extra step in making this show even better.
Speaking of Pod Culture and all of the Monday Night shows on the Voice of Geeks Network.
It is Doctor Who Monday on the Voice of Geeks Network tomorrow.
Three shows all talking about Doctor Who. Critical Myth, British Invaders and Pod Culture's special TARDIS Interruptus are all taking on Doctor Who tomorrow.
As I understand, now I have to be honest, I haven't seen a lot of the new Doctor Who.
I saw some of the Christopher Eccleston episodes but I haven't seen much after that. Although it was really good.
I have never seen Doctor Who.
I need to sit down and watch it. It is actually really good. At least the older stuff I've seen.
But from what I understand there was some controversy around the most recent episode that happened.
So I know Critical Myth and Pod Culture and TARDIS Interruptus both want to take that on a little bit.
British Invaders which is sandwiched right between the two shows. Back to back shows on the Voice of Geeks Network tomorrow taking on classic Doctor Who.
Before the Russell T Davies era going back to the 60's and 70's.
So it's a really nice mix of the new and the old tomorrow on VOG.
And that's what I love. I love that that's what this network is all about.
Is that everybody has a common theme going on. So very cool.
That's tomorrow night. Starts at 4 o'clock Pacific, 7 o'clock Eastern with Critical Myth.
5 Pacific, 8 Eastern with British Invaders. 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern with Pod Culture.
And even if you miss Doctor Who night because you're listening on the podcast feed or what have you.
Do check out these excellent shows another time on the network another Monday.
And they do rerun throughout the week as well.
Also want to plug Umlaud. It is Umlaud season. Can you believe it?
Umlaud is the rock band event for charity. It takes place at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco every December.
And the fundraising season is in effect for this year.
They still need a couple more bands. Very surprising they didn't sell out as fast as they did last year because Tim Schafer is hosting the event this year.
That's a huge score for Umlaud. That's amazing.
So if you want to have Tim Schafer introduce you on stage, you got to snag one of those band packages right now.
There's only a couple left. And I'm thinking just because like gas is like $4.70 a gallon in California right now.
People are having trouble saving up that extra money to do the band package.
Trust me it is a great cause and a great charity event.
So I'm hoping to be involved in one way or another. I will be there for sure one way or another at the event this year.
So more information about that coming in future weeks.
I've been trying to talk to Seg, one of the organizers. We're really trying to get him on the show at some point.
December 6, 2012 is the official date at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco.
Thursday and I bet it's going to be streamed on the internet again.
Just a bet because it was last year. So I bet they're going to do it again.
One other thing. It's a plug. I got a lot tonight. What can I say?
It is also awards season in the podcast universe. Podcast awards and Stitcher awards. Two of them this year.
You can nominate for the podcast award one time at podcastawards.com.
And we really encourage you to nominate Orange Lounge Radio as your best gaming show.
We would also really encourage you to consider other VOG programming and other independent programming in the other categories.
For example, TV movie. Critical Myth is a great TV movie show.
Sci-fi. Pod culture. Mature. Understation Live.
And lots of great, great shows on the network to consider for some of these categories.
So I really encourage you to do that at podcastawards.com.
The Stitcher awards are also having their awards season and you can check that out.
The links are available on our Facebook and I will also place those links in chat a little later.
And you can nominate once a day for the Stitcher awards.
So if you want to nominate multiple show like you want to do. Oh you're like, oh my god there's so many gaming shows I love on the VOG network.
I want to nominate them all. You can do Orange Lounge Radio one day. Then Bobby Black Wolf the next day.
Then Girls Gone Wow the next day. You know you can kind of cycle through and that'll work.
So that is available at stitcher.com.
And as I was talking about at the end of Bobby Black Wolf's show, I really think because the iOS 6 podcasting app has not been super well received.
Stitcher and all this stuff is really the wave of the future along with TuneIn and other types of iOS.
Excuse me, not just iOS but Android and mobile phone apps is really the wave of the future.
So I really encourage you guys to help us kind of be on that cutting edge with a nomination.
Remember we don't ask for your money for this show. All we ask is to help us with the word of mouth.
Okay now we can get into gaming news. Sorry a lot of announcements tonight. What can I say?
Alright. Let's talk a little bit about Cliffy B. He is gone. He decided to leave Epic Games.
And you know basically it makes sense. He's been doing it since he's been a teenager.
And he said outside of my sabbatical last year I've been going nonstop.
And you know grew up in this business as Mike Capps likes to say.
And now that I'm growing up it's time for a much needed break.
So cool. I'm not sure who else is going to be kind of taken over for some of that stuff now that he's gone.
But it's cool to see him kind of get his break because he's definitely been busy with Gears of War.
I've heard a lot of rumors and this is total fanboy wank but I want to indulge it a little bit at just how wanky this all is.
You know which rumor this is right? Like where he went or where he's going? Who offered to buy him? Have you heard this?
No.
What would be the craziest fanboy company that people hope hired Cliffy B to show how serious they are?
Zynga?
No, no. Nintendo. There are rumors online that Cliffy B went to Nintendo. Which I, you know, obvious fanboy wank. I don't want to indulge it too much.
But you can't help yourself. Like once the seed is planted in your head you're like, God Nintendo really should hire someone like him.
It doesn't matter. I don't think it matters because, I don't know. It's just, I don't know what he would be able to do for them.
Hopefully make another franchise because seriously they need some new franchises.
They need some new franchises.
Invent a hardcore franchise? Maybe with some of the characterization, Japanese characterization? I don't know. Maybe I'm crazy but.
They've had like hardcore franchises at one point I thought. I don't know.
Sin and Punishment?
Yeah, Sin and Punishment is pretty awesome. I mean there's that. There's, you know, Eternal Darkness. I mean that was kind of.
But none of that on the Wii U. None of it.
ActDeft says Cliffy B did get a letter printed in Nintendo Power.
So, you know, apparently a lot of people leeching onto that like, oh he's always loved Nintendo. He'd go work for them.
Um, cool. I mean, I don't know if the reason he's quitting Epic Games was because he feels like he needs a break.
I don't know if he's going to jump right into something else right now.
Unless he's just making excuses. Which is kind of a pussy way of doing it. I mean if you ask me.
Well, but there's also kind of the right corporate way of doing things and maybe he's going to take a siesta for a few months until the next E3.
I'm leaving because Nintendo is about to hire me. Sweet!
Technus in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says Cliffy B did Nintendo is a real stretch. I wouldn't be surprised if he went to Microsoft though.
That's a little more like, okay, realistic category. Or Sony. I could see that happening too.
Who knows? Anything's possible. Anything's possible. It's a crazy world. It's a crazy world.
Uh, Saig asks a challenging question though. How would he benefit from going to Nintendo? Maybe they offered him houses full of money. I mean, Cliffy B is kind of a rockstar.
We've given you a Nintendo DS. It prints money.
So, again, I don't want to buy into the fanboy wank too much. I'm not saying I personally believe it.
I can definitely see the angle of, shit, you've been doing one thing for 20 years and maybe you just want to change.
He's going to go design playgrounds. Just playgrounds with chainsaws attached to them. That kind of thing.
But the interesting thing is, the guys at BioWare, the doctors at BioWare did a very similar thing recently. They left the industry after a very long time.
I kind of don't think they're going to show up anywhere else.
Oh my god. You know what's going on. They're going to make a game company that's like, was it Polytron?
Oh, you think all these game journalists that left are going to make...
They're going to create the League of Super Game Designers and make this company that'll create, like, something.
Yeah, there's that Polygon, which did they ever officially launch?
Oh, who gives a fuck. I seriously don't care. It is like the most hipster bullshit company.
It's like, hey, we're so cool. We're going to print articles about, we're going to do a documentary about the creation of our company, our website that's not fucking finished yet.
No one cares about your fucking website.
That, I mean, how fucking, you know, snub-nosed, you know, pompous bullshit is that? I mean, you're just going to create a documentary because you all want to know how this happened. No one fucking cares.
Are you saying, you know, the views and opinions of Loki do not express those at Orange Lounge Radio necessarily.
So what's your name? Is you really interested in that?
But, but, yeah.
God, I can't talk to you.
I'm going to say I'm not going to touch that with a 10-foot pole. Are you saying that this site has lost itself up its own asshole before it's even launched?

Just checking.

SSJ 100 Matt is asking, do they print out game ads in Whole Foods and Trader Joe's? Look, I don't want this to be a shade-throwing competition. Look, we're going to walk away from this.
But let's talk about the whole idea of the Super Justice League of Game Developers. So you think maybe CliffyBee, BioWare, you know Zynga lost some people this week too.
Do you think it could be like the Super League of Mobile Phone Developers?
Maybe. What if he went to Apple?
Oh, God.
He would be, he would be a pretty cool, like, presenter. I mean, because, you know, they need something kind of, you know, with a lot of...
Are you saying Tim Cook doesn't have enough energy?
No, he doesn't.
All right. Anyhow, all right. So CliffyBee's leaving. And so we dedicate this to you, CliffyBee.
Let's move on to something. We've gone from a very American company to something very Japanese, but a lot of you love it. It's Kingdom Hearts 1.5 HD Remix. You're rolling your eyes over there.
I'm rolling my eyes at the name. I mean, seriously, just come up with a better fucking name. 1.5 HD. How's it one and a half? So...
I'm going to tell you. I'm so glad you asked, Loki. Here is how Kingdom Hearts 1 is now Kingdom Hearts one and a half. You ready?

The screen for each game will rearrange to accommodate for widescreen support, including the HUD rearrangement.
No reaction.
No reaction. The models for Sora and all his friends have been replaced with ones from Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance, the newest game in the series.
Nothing. All right. Trophy support for Kingdom Hearts Final Mix and Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories.
No? Nothing? I thought you were an achievement whore.
No, I'm not.
Game mechanics have been updated to make the gameplay feel more like Kingdom Hearts 2. Now, in all reality, that could be a good thing if they fixed the camera from the first game.
I'm hoping that's the hidden message in there without them wanting to admit that the first game had abort camera. You have to admit, that's a little better, right?
It's a nice addition, I guess.
All right, there you go. We got something. 70% of the story from 358 slash 2 days will be represented with over 100 new scenes created with full voice acting.
Oh! Oh my gosh! Was that an admission from Loki that there might be something worthwhile here?
Well, it's all cutscenes from another game because they didn't want to actually port over 358 slash 2 or whatever.
Well, I'm so glad you said something about that because Tetsuya Nomura said he originally wanted to do a full remake of the 358 slash 2 days, but he didn't have enough time in production to start a project, thus the decision to utilize theater mode to tell the story.
That's kind of lame.
Ran out of time?
That's lame. That's an excuse. It's just easier to update everything.
Well, now, he was asked in this interview with Famitsu, would Kingdom Hearts 2 get the same treatment? And the response was a laugh and, quote, it'd be unusual if there wasn't.
Because we've already decided that we're doing that.
Well, I bet a lot of it is, how well does this first one sell? If this one sells like crazy, then sure, that's a logical conclusion to get to.
Well, then they'll do the PSP games on top of it, you know, for the next one.
The Vita?
Well, no. No, they'll do the PSP games up rez, because just like they did with, you know, remember, Sony's already on the record saying that they've got a wonderful engine that can, you know, port PSP stuff into HD for, you know, the PS3, so why not?
Another quote along the same lines of this whole, does this mean there's a 2.5? Quote, and from Tetsuya Nomura, quote, I figured there were people who had a hard time keeping up with the sequels.
We had to start from the beginning with Kingdom Hearts HD. I also thought that familiar fans might make new discoveries seeing everything in chronological order with the sequels side by side. I'm happy to be restarting this title.
I don't think it's a problem that people necessarily have problems keeping up with the sequels. It's that people can't keep up with the fucking story.
Like, isn't Kingdom Hearts, like, supposed to be aimed at kids? And it's like this, it's, the story is crazy convoluted. Like, I can't even understand it. It's worse than, like, as the world turns. Like, it's crazy.
Frisbee in chat asks, how can you remake something that isn't that old?
Well, it's, it's, it's getting there, though. By the time this is actually out, you know, 2013 would be about the time frame this is out, right? The first Kingdom Hearts game was, what, 2000, 2003 maybe? About ten years? Nine years, maybe?
They remake God of War. Or they'll up-res it. It's not really a remake, it's just up-resing everything.
Technus in chat says, Square Enix is kind of like the honey badger of Japanese developers. They just don't give a fuck and just do whatever they feel like doing today.
Alan Alchemy says, you can't argue you have no fucking idea what's going on anymore. Here comes a sequel. He's putting that in quotes.
I think it's a good idea to have, like, these re-releases because, you know, it's most likely ramping up to a Kingdom Hearts 3 or something like that so they're going to put these re-releases out there so that people kind of have an idea what the fuck's going on.
Let the hype train begin.
And get back into it and then, you know, go from there.
Well, we will see what happens. I love this other comment from Alan Alchemy. P.S. we made figuring out what the fuck was going on very, very hard. We know haters make us famous.
Absolutely. Haters make us famous. Let's move on.
Alright, so there's a new service that's going to be coming out from Microsoft. Xbox Music. It's supposed to be coming this month and actually launching, I guess, alongside Windows 8, which I'm surprised that so soon is October 26th.
Who cares about Windows 8? Go see Silent Hill.
And then, of course, it sounds very similar to, like, Pandora. Basically, you know, it's going to be ad-supported and you'll be able to also use, I guess, Windows 8, Xbox 360, Windows Phone.
It's going to tie into Microsoft SkyDrive and, I guess, allow you to sync your playlists and music libraries across all the devices and stuff.
And, I don't know. Neat. I mean, I'm glad it's free because, you know, I don't want to have to pay for stuff. Ad support is fine.
Free is good, but I think, you know, because you're talking about Pandora and there's all these other services Xbox already offers that Xbox Music has to be better than that are also free.
Last.fm is available on the 360. iHeartRadio, which is kind of Clear Channel's little Pandora-esque theme, but you can actually listen to over-the-air radio stations with it, too.
That's on Xbox 360. So, I think it's logical that they have to kind of put something out free. The subscription model for music isn't really working anymore, which is why I think Apple never ended up doing it.
Although, maybe Apple can kind of get away with a lot of things that other companies can't. So, there you go.
So, you'll check out Xbox Music. I keep forgetting there is a dashboard update. Like, we're due for one, aren't we?
Probably. I'm going to guess at the end of this month. Get it out there so they can start banning people before Modern Warfare 3. No, Black Ops 2 comes out. Halo 4.
They want to get those extra security checks in there before all those big games come out.
That's a good point. When is Halo 4's release?
Halo 4 is the 6th. Black Ops 2 is the 13th of November.
November. I guess that makes sense. We are in October now. It'll be just before Halo 4, maybe.
Lots of games.
Yep. We'll get to the release date soon enough. Something else on the Xbox 360. One company is claiming that they are going to be soon heard on the Xbox 360 and seen.
It's the site U-Porn. Never heard of this site. Can you believe that? A pornography site I haven't heard of. It's U-Porn. Oh, really?
I have the app on my Boxee Box.
So, you can see some Boxee Box on your Boxee Box?
Except they don't ever use it because it's terrible.
But, yeah. It's one of the... Come on. The Boxee Box had all these different repositories that you can get and a lot of them were porn.
So, I had to download all the porn ones that were free because I'm not paying for fucking porn. Not doing it.
But, yeah. We checked it out. It just links to their website. It looks exactly the same as the other one.
It's a streaming website for porn. Of course, the name implies the YouTube of porn, sort of.
Well, they posted an entry to their blog. Let's see. Quote... Oh, my gosh. Wait. I got to read this from chat.
AlphaKananagram in our chat room at live.fognetwork.com says, Rob, I remember y'all talking about U-Porn on Guys on a Show.
I'm pretty sure that was the site y'all went to for, quote, Japanese Fart Girl.
How do you remember that? That's amazing. You remember things about my life I don't remember.
And U-Porn was also the website that we visited on your Wii using the Wii web browser to find pterodactyl porn.
I thought that was PornTube.
They're all the fucking same. I don't know. It was one of those.
All right. Well, anyhow, here's the quote from U-Porn's blog.
Gamers and free porn lovers around the world rejoice. Yay!
Thanks at long last to the introduction of Internet Explorer for Xbox.
You can now tap into and stream all your favorite free U-Porn videos right from your Xbox.
Whether you're pwning noobs in Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, annihilating Bullymong in Borderlands 2, or taking the saints deep in Madam NFL 13,
you're never more than a few simple controller clicks away from being face deep in hot free porn.
Yes, because we all have the internet, so it's no big deal.
Yay! So all they're really saying is, we can't wait for Internet Explorer on the Xbox 360.
Who says it's gonna fucking work with your website anyways? Because it's Internet Explorer!
I mean, it's like, that's not guaranteed to work with anything.
I mean, I would hope that's HTML5, but I mean, come on. We know better than, you know, all these, you know, different web browsers for stuff don't necessarily work with the porn sites.
Now, granted, the PlayStation 3 browser works well with porn sites, the Wii browser works well with the porn sites, so it is, they kind of have to at this point.
But yes. And with that news, though, VoG Network is also on your Xbox 360, because...
There you go. It should work, it's HTML5, so it should work.
Assuming that Internet Explorer 8 works with HTML5.
Are you gonna be able to code a website to show up like an Xbox channel?
Or, not 8, 10. Um, maybe, I don't know about that.
Because we should make a VoG channel if that's possible. But anyway.
I don't think it works that way.
That'll happen as soon as the new OLR PSP debuts.
Yeah, except the PSP's over, so...
Oh, Bobby in Chat says it does not stream on the Xbox 360 Internet Explorer. I tried. I guess he's in some developer thing.
Oh, yeah, he has the X and A thing, so, yeah.
So, we need to make it work, wah!
Alright, anyway. The official response from Microsoft, who are quick to distance themselves from this.
To be clear, we are adding Internet Explorer to Xbox Live, not specific adult content providers like YouPorn or any other specific website content.
Additionally, we give members and parents the option to turn this feature on or off for their accounts.
Access to Internet Explorer for all child accounts is blocked by default.
They want to get far away from a scandal ASAP.
And who can blame them? Because honestly, you know, if Fox News got a hold of this little spiel here...
Oh, they've done it with every single console that has a stupid web browser.
It's a porn box! Xbox! Triple Xbox! I think they've already done that before.
They'd have a pornography expert on with commentating, you know, whatever.
I think they've already done that too before with, like, the Windows Media Center streaming or something like that.
Because you used to build these Windows Media Center to, like, view what's on your computer and stream Internet Explorer or Firefox or something like that.
Good Lord, Jason in chat says, Not to beat a dead horse, but Rob mentioned YouPorn in an Unprotected 6 too, I thought, referencing my old, old YouTube project.
What? I swear I have not heard of YouPorn, although I'm old and I forget things, so whatever.
Some folks in chat, I think, kind of wondering if maybe the Kinect would allow you to make your own porn and you could upload it.
It would look terrible. That camera is not good.
Alright. Frisbee in chat says, I'm an Internet expert and I just found out that boobies are online.
Maybe I'm doing the show topless right now.
Alright, Loki.
Seriously, porn, porn, porn.
The Internet is for porn.
I mean, come on. The Internet is for porn.
So, apparently there are cheating allegations in the League of Legends playoffs. Basically...
First you tell me there's boobs on the Internet and now you're going to tell me there's cheating?
I know, it's so crazy.
Well, here's the most ridiculous part of the whole thing, is that they would even set it up that you could cheat.
Basically, it looks like what happened was, I think it was screen hacking, which is basically looking at someone else's screen to, you know, look at their HUD and stuff like that to figure out where other people are on their mini-map.
Basically, one of the referees said, we keep a constant watch on all the players on stage at all times.
We have cameras as well as live people walking on the stage to keep tabs on everything.
All players are told that they either remain sitting, facing forward with headphones on at all times, including during pauses.
I can confirm that no WEE player looked at the mini-map at any point during the match, although they have a screenshot showing otherwise.
So, I don't know.
But, here's my thing.
If you're going to set up a tournament like that, and I didn't watch it live, so I don't know how exactly they're set up, but wouldn't you think that you would put the players in a way that they wouldn't be able to see the mini-map showing the other team?
Just a thought, you know, maybe so that they can't look at, you know, the other team's screen, or they can't look at something that's being broadcast on, like, a giant screen in an arena or wherever the fuck this is.
So, don't give them the opportunity, then you don't have to worry about them fucking, you know, cheating.
Little mirrors on the side of my glasses allow me to see behind me and around me.
I mean, seriously, it's just... it's stupid.
But, it's for two million dollars, so of course some people are going to try to, you know, whatever they can do.
And there was, you know, they were talking a little bit about, you know, what kind of made them suspect stuff.
Like, it ended up where one team was, I guess, pinging a spot in the map or whatever where the other team was, and basically there was no way for them to have known that those guys were there, but they knew that the players were coming from that direction or something like that.
So, it's like, eh, wait a second, that's a little weird.
Well, what if it's just that, you know, maybe you kind of read up on the competition and maybe you know their strategies and stuff.
Like, I know those might be kind of a stretch here, but what if, you know, they just kind of... that's where they wanted to investigate and it was just a coincidence.
I mean, maybe I'm giving it too much credit, I'll be honest, but I don't know. It could happen.
I think you have to look at both sides. You don't want to just automatically assume everybody's a cheater.
Yeah, because here's one of the comments. They said, Azubu Frost did the same thing, only they paused the game, checked the map, and saw that the enemy team was going to ambush them, trying to counter the tactic that Azubu used in the past with the pause.
Azubu managed to mysteriously ping the exact brush TSM was in at the same time they were there, just after the pause. Coincidentally, eh?
So, I mean, it sounds like that they were... I don't know. A little funny business is going on.
Very interesting.
But once again, you know, okay, apparently what it was is the map was being projected behind the players, you know, so people can see it and stuff, but put a fucking screen or something, you know, put that in a projection screen that's in front of the team.
Oh yeah, because you could maybe see the reflection in the monitor or something. It would be very easy.
It just... come on, you're running a two million dollar tournament and you can't have decent... you're gonna go that, you know, that ghetto cheap on that stuff to where, oh well, you know, you know, people... fuck, even in regular tournaments that run well, people are gonna accuse other people of cheating. Just don't give them the opportunity. Especially when this much money is on the line.
Sometimes you don't think of everything. I don't know. Being devil's... we talked about... on Horde House this week we talked about a Guild Warcraft contest that went a little wrong because, you know, they didn't think about every possible thing that could happen.
Not to mention that they also... I think there was an issue where someone was D.O.S.ing the servers they were trying to use for...

...for something, so they moved to, like, some different servers or something. I don't know. Fun!
Alright, well let's move on. Something completely different. Something you can play with online to make your own chiptune music. I like little creative sites like this and this is pretty cool because this website kind of looks like a Game Boy and you can, you know, sequence your own tones, play them back, and save things to a WAV file so you can make your own cool little chiptunes.
It is called Pulse Boy, if you want to check it out. It's pulseboy.com and I think it's called that because it looks like a Game Boy. It was made by Roger Hicks. So if you feel like kind of just messing around making your own chip... excuse me, your own chiptune songs, you can check out that website.
I don't know what else to say about it, but it looks pretty cool. I haven't had time to play with it myself yet, but I like those music making types of programs. Especially since there hasn't been a new Mario Paint.
That is a crime. They need to have that with a tablet controller. Come on. Still no Mario Paint. But now they have Art Academy. That's why. It's Art Academy now. Who cares? Mario Paint. I don't want Art Academy, I want Mario Paint.
Besides, there's GarageBand. You ever play GarageBand? Well it's not really a play thing, but it's a music making thing on the Apple products. Oh wow, the Apple products. Let me pull out all my... oh wait, don't have any because I don't buy expensive pieces of crap. I thought you had an iPod Touch. Yeah, don't use it.
And I'm not paying twenty bucks for their fucking GarageBand. Five bucks. Five bucks. Might as well be twenty bucks. I had gift cards. Stop judging me. I'm not paying for anything.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and games that are coming out soon near you. This week is actually quite a bit because we're getting into the fall stuff and of course today Pokemon Black version 2 and Pokemon White version 2 out on the Nintendo DS.
Naughty Bear Double Trouble for the Playstation 3 includes Naughty Bear Gold Edition and Naughty Bear Trouble in Paradise. Both I'm sure are very underwhelming. Oh I love Naughty Bear, said nobody ever.
Yeah, pretty much. We played the original. It was terrible. Spy Hunters coming back on the Vita and 3DS. Just Dance 4 out this week on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii. Dragon Ball Z for Kinect. So now you can be over 9000.
Code of Princess for the 3DS. Also Harry Potter for Kinect. Monster 4x4 for the 3DS. The cool game this week Dishonored on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and PC. And let's see, XCOM Enemy Unknown on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
I can't believe that series is coming back and it's probably going to look nothing like the original.
The new one, well this is the strategy one so they don't have the third person shooter one yet. And then Fabled the Journey on Xbox 360 for Kinect. And god I wonder if that sucks or not. I haven't seen any reviews for that yet. But that's it.
Alright well traveling to Japan some of the same stuff on the Xbox 360 over there Dishonored. It comes out on the 360 October 11th as well as Fabled the Journey. Something must be going on with Rocksmith because there's a new cable and a cable bundle that are coming out in Japan as well. So Rocksmith must be landing in Japan. Either it already has or it's landing there soon.
On the Playstation 3 pretty much all the same stuff I just named. Oh no just Dishonored in the Rocksmith thing. The other one isn't happening. But they also have Toki Toa comes out as well in a regular limited edition and Famitsu deluxe pack. Kind of interesting.
Anyhow I don't know what this is. This is some type of like a wedding is supposed to be a joyous occasion for Princess Toki and her knight. However the sneaky witch predicts that somebody is going to die at her wedding. Well that's kind of a downer isn't it?
God this is kind of fucked up. To find out the connection between the witch, the assassin who crashed her wedding and to prevent her knight from dying, Toki and Toa travel back time 6 months before the wedding. The smooth transition between anime scenes and the battlefield gives gamers the illustration that they are being zapped into the game. Sounds like it could be kind of a neat concept actually.
Which means we'll probably never see it here. Oh it's kind of like a fighting game with the 1, 2, 3 combos and all that. It's pretty cool. Interesting. The art style on that is very automatic. I can see what they're talking about there. But yeah probably won't be seeing that here anytime soon but you never know.
Let's see. On the Playstation Vita, nothing this week but you do have FIFA 13 to look forward to on the 18th. And going to the 3DS real quick. There's a few things, quite a few things. Project X Zone, a Nintendo 3DS LL in blue and black which I believe is the XL. Bravely Default Flying Fairy from Square Enix. No idea what that could be but there you go.
And Game of the Week for many people I'm sure. Hello Kitty, Toa Iso, Block Crash Z. That means like Hello Kitty is like the Kool-Aid Man crashing through some blocks. I guess that's what that's all about. That's on the 3D. Still no mouth. Yes on the 3DS.
Going to the European release dates since Stark Soccer is not here. I'll try to jump in there and check out the European release dates. On October the 12th Dishonored on the 360, Playstation 3 and PC. Fabled the Journey on the Xbox 360.
Pokemon Black 2 and White 2 on October 12th. Rocksmith on the 360 and Playstation 3. Is that the initial release of the game there? Maybe they didn't have it before. WRC 3 on the Vita, Playstation 3, PC and 360. And XCOM Enemy Unknown across the 360, PS3 and PC. So a lot of the same stuff in Europe that we're getting here so they don't have to wait for a lot of that.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. I was going to add one more thing though. I got some news this week that was pretty awesome. And what's that? Cause my rep over at D3 knows I'm a huge Earth Defense Force fan.
Earth Defense Force 3 portable came out in Japan on the 27th of September. Being localized coming out over here February 12th as Earth Defense Force 2017 portable. Hell yes. Hooray! You're happy. I don't have to import it!
We knew there was a cult enough fandom for it here right? Oh yeah. You're not the only one that loves this series. I can't wait. And Earth Defense Force 4 hopefully is right around the corner. That I may import depending on how long it takes to get over here.
Well then I'm going to throw something out here too that was not in the news otherwise. And that is that it's confirmed that there's more DLC coming for Mass Effect for multiplayer. And it looks like one of the most robust ones they've done yet.
Like I guess there's going to be overall 16 new classes which seems crazy to me. I think they're rolling it out slowly or something. I think there's only 4 to start and then there will be more.
But new maps. It's some of the older maps with weather effects now and the weather will impact some things. But one of the biggest things that really surprised me. A fourth enemy race. Which is really cool and what the game could really use some of.
So you have the Geth, you have the Cerberus, you have the Reapers and now you're going to have the Collectors. Which was a big part of Mass Effect 2. That's coming back. So that's awesome.
I don't think we have a date for that yet do we? No maybe we do. It might be as soon as this Tuesday actually. I think it's coming out really soon. BioWare tends to announce these things and it's like by the way next week. Yay!
Cool. So this is very sad. Apparently Sony is suing the fictional character Kevin Butler. And by suing the fictional character actually suing the actor that plays him, Jerry Lambert.
And apparently this is also, I think this has to do with their new commercial that he's in for Bridgestone. Because they're also suing them as well.
Basically he's playing Mario Kart on the Wii for that commercial. And so apparently I guess later on they edited the commercial and removed him from it entirely.
Which is kind of weird. And then I guess perhaps maybe there's some sort of clause or something that he couldn't be seen selling other products.
They said the use of Kevin Butler character to sell products other than those from Playstation misappropriates Sony's intellectual property and creates confusion in the market and causes damage to Sony.
Although I don't think he was, I don't know if it was actually, he wasn't playing Kevin Butler in the commercial. He's just an actor. You can't sue because he's playing a different character that happens to be playing a video game or something like that.
It's not like he's like, I'm Kevin Butler with Sony. I'm playing Mario Kart.
Yeah, yeah, he didn't do that. But I mean, people did notice it was him and I'm sure there's a lot of people doing a double take. But it's like actors have to work and they have to take whatever jobs are offered to them.
And if Sony cut him loose, then he should be free to look for other work elsewhere playing other characters. Like he can't not play a manager for the rest of his life because people might think it's the Sony guy.
Like, I don't know, that seems a little messed up to me. I think people usually know enough to know like, oh, it's the same guy. Maybe it's because Sony was trying to push so hard that Kevin Butler was like a real thing when they brought him out of the press conference a few years ago and so forth at E3.
Like maybe that's more what they're worried about, but that's kind of Sony that built that up, right?
Yeah, it's weird though because, I mean, at no point, from what I remember, at no point in that commercial did they ever refer to him as Kevin or refer to him as, like, anything. I don't know, it's just, it's weird.
Like, you know, most people know how to differentiate actors from one project to another. Like, just because somebody plays a villain in one movie doesn't mean they're like always a villain. Although I guess some people get, you know, typecast.
Like Daniel Radcliffe is not fucking Harry Potter.
That's right, you're right, exactly.
He's not Harry-
That's why he did that play with the nudie stuff, is he wanted to do something as-
Women in Black is not Harry Potter and the Woman in Black. It is fucking, you know, a totally different movie. Just like, you know, just because this guy is in a commercial doesn't mean it's fucking Kevin Butler. And so that's my problem is, like, how can they even sue over this?
I mean, they can do whatever they want with her because they're Sony and they can bully whatever, you know.
Of course, I'll never forget the time I went to the theater. This was many years ago. I don't even remember what it was we were seeing, but I was with my friend Billy, who was a hoot and a holler. He was my old roommate when I lived in Chico, California.
And we went to the movies and, you know, we're watching and then there's this new actress that pops on the screen in one scene and Billy goes very loudly, like, so the whole theater could hear,
that's the woman that shot Selena. Like, she's an actress, okay. She had to take on a role of a person not a lot of people really care for, you know. Let her be other parts in other movies.
Like, when I watched Battlestar Galactica, I didn't go, oh, Selena's dad is a spaceship captain now. Wasn't that the teacher from Stand and Deliver?
Anyhow, going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. Let's see, Chiggers asks, can that guy ever do another commercial without thinking of him being Kevin Butler?
Well, I guess Loki gave a good example. Can you ever think of Daniel Radcliffe as anything but Harry Potter?
He's been in like other things, you know, the guy, let's play, you know, plays the fictional character Kevin Butler, but I was just really quickly, I was trying to watch the commercial real quick to see if he's got a name tag or if they refer to him as, actually, I'm going to do this real quick.
Well, let me read some other comments while you're working there. Frisbee in chat says, anyone who thinks Mario Kart is a Sony product, those people are crazy, yo.
DungeonBuster says, it was funny seeing him push the Wii in the commercial, though. DungeonBuster says, the only thing I could think of was, it's nice to see Kevin Butler having fun with the Wii. Damn, I need new tires.
Success, the commercial was a success. It got you to think about tires and that you might need to take a trip to the tire store.
SJ100Matt says, all I have to say is, no one cares about the dude you got a Dell guy anymore.
Yeah, they don't, they don't, they don't really even refer to him at all by any name at all. I mean, it's just, he's playing a character, so this whole lawsuit is fucking retarded.
And I feel bad, after all the good shit, I mean, he was, he was like a spokesperson for, you know, Sony that actually kind of got people excited about Sony's stuff, and here's the way they go and treat him. Yeah, thanks.
Sony's had a lot of missteps in their advertising over the years, and Kevin Butler was one of the things they did right, and then they end it. They end it, and then they go, they go, they end it and then take a dump on it.
Hey, we're gonna fucking sue you because you're in a commercial for Bridgestone, playing a Wii. It's like, dude, you're the one that fucking let him go, you stupid idiot. He could have been still pitching, you know, Sony stuff, but you just said, eh, fuck it, we're getting rid of him.
Now, Bobby Blackwolf in the chat room says, actors generally have non, he's the voice of realism here, actors generally have non-compete clauses about not directly or indirectly promoting a competing product when they do ad work for a certain time.
He might have violated his non-compete clause, which was in the contract that his agent should have known, but not him. But technically, I mean, just to play devil's advocate, technically, it was for the tire shop. The ad was not for a Wii, it was for the tire shop.
Yeah. So that's, that's where things get a little fuzzy wuzzy here. Like, I mean, what if he's, what if this Kevin Butler, keep calling Kevin Butler, it's not fucking Kevin Butler, it's an actual person. No, but what if, for example, you know, they, uh, he walks past, you know, what if Jerry Lambert walks past, like, an Xbox 360 or something that happens to be on, or they go, oh, whoa, hold on, you were, you were too close to another console.
We're going to sue you. I mean, what if he gets a sitcom role or something like that and his kids are playing a fucking Xbox 360 or something?
What Bobby's saying in chat, though, does make sense. I mean, like, okay, for example, Catherine Zeta-Jones was T-Mobile for how many years, right? Like, she was the reason a lot of people went to T-Mobile. She was a great spokesperson for that company. Why they ever let her go, I'll never know. But, like, it's not like she started doing commercials for AT&T right after that, you know?
Anyhow, but at the same time, if she, if she's talking on a cell, if she's talking on an iPhone in a movie, can T-Mobile sue her because they don't have the iPhone? That might be stretching it a little bit, right?
It's, I think it's ridiculous. But apparently, apparently, if there's anything out of it, they're going to try to settle out of court, so.
All right.
It's, it's stupid.
All right, one more news story for you guys, and then the classic game of the week, and this has to do with a old class, ironically, into the classic game of the week. This is not the classic game of the week, although I think it should be if it hasn't been yet at some point.
Suikoden, one and two. Great PlayStation role-playing games. Actually, there were five of them, but a lot of people remember very fondly the first two that were on PlayStation.
And this Facebook group, the Suikoden Revival movement, is a group that's trying to organize to get Konami's attention to get Suikoden one and two available on PlayStation Network worldwide.
Now I was trying to get to the bottom of this because I'm like, wait a minute. I have Suikoden on PlayStation Network. I bought it several years ago, so I know that's already there.
But this is, I suppose, a campaign to get it done worldwide. My understanding is that Suikoden one is not available in Europe.
Suikoden two is kind of a rare game, too. I mean, like, people pay a lot of money to get copies of that game if you can actually find it anywhere.
So it would be, although it would suck for the collectors to have it devalued a little bit, it's not like that kind of stuff hasn't happened before.
So a lot of people asking, well, where's Suikoden two, which some people say was the best that was in the series. It is a little odd that that is missing.
So there is a fan campaign going on on Facebook, and it's basically, you know, kind of like Operation Rainfall-esque, where it's like, bug Konami on Twitter on Tuesday.
Bug Konami on Facebook on Friday, and like, just keep banging down their door until they get you what you want to shut you up.
Facebook.com slash Suikodenrevival is the place to check that out. S-U-I-K-O-D-E-N-R-E-V-I-V-A-L.
If you feel like joining in on the campaign, which I bet Shane is going to sign up for right now, although he probably already has the games on PlayStation.
Wasn't there PSP remakes in Japan, too? I think I remember that.
Ah, maybe.
And then, is one and two really good enough, or don't you want three, four, and five at some point, now that they're putting PlayStation 2 games out on the, uh, PlayStation Network?
Eh?
Alright.
Well, let's move on to a time when gaming was a lot simpler, and you didn't get to petition companies to tell them what you want.
You took what you wanted, you took what you got, and you liked it.
It's the classic game of the week.
Every week on the show, Dark Sakura picks a classic game from the gaming vault that she thinks, hey, you guys should be playing this game.
But she's not here. She's too busy on the Matterhorn.
So I'm jumping in and taking the classic game, because Loki never told me if he wanted to do it.
Alright, so I'm going to do the classic game tonight, and I try to pick things that I think Dark Sakura may not have heard of, and things that I remember from my past.
So the classic game of the week I picked this week is an edutainment title, a little different.
It's called The Island of Dr. Brain is my classic game of the week.
Now, really we should kind of consider Dr. Brain as a series, because The Island of Dr. Brain was not really the first game in this series.
The Castle of Dr. Brain was the first game in this series.
But, um, Dr. Brain was a series that had, I think, four games in it.
There was, um, uh, there was The Island of Dr. Brain, The Castle of Dr. Brain was before that, and then later on, like about three years later, we had The Lost Mind of Dr. Brain.
And The Time Warp of Dr. Brain, although I don't remember those games as fondly.
And I think part of that is because Sierra, who actually created those first two games, uh, created those in-house, but then they acquired Bright Star Technology, who was known for educational games.
It got turned over to them, they made The Lost Mind of Dr. Brain and The Time Warp of Dr. Brain.
So, um, Dr. Brain is an absent-minded professor, and, uh, basically the idea to the, in the games is to kind of follow Dr. Brain and kind of find him wherever he is.
Obviously, The Island of Dr. Brain is kind of a play on The Island of Dr. Moreau, like the classic movie that then they remade into a terrible movie, and so forth.
Um, later on, they actually remade this whole series into like more of an action-oriented game, which was Dr. Brain thinking games and action-reaction, but I'm not really acknowledging those.
Let me go back to The Island of Dr. Brain, which is the game I wanted to talk about tonight.
Um, The Island of Dr. Brain was, um, kind of a adventure-ish game.
The, the cool thing about it is it felt like a lot of the old Sierra games around that time, and kind of had that same look to it, where you were adventuring and exploring things in the different screens and such.
But you had many different puzzles that you had to solve to get further and further in The Island, and there were many types of different puzzles.
There was, um, there was like, um, uh, like Tetris, Tetro-Teturino Onimo, I forget what they call those, those types of puzzles.
The classic Tower of Babel-style puzzles, where you're moving the little towers from one pole to another.
Graphing calculator puzzles, where you had to get the exact, thank you, Tetromino, uh, where you had to get the, um, graph to draw just right to separate the four types of little amoebas under the microscope.
Um, latitude and longitude puzzles, there were all these different types of puzzles in the game.
And, um, basically, in the plot of the game, the plans for the latest project were stolen, and you have to get the battery from The Island and bring it to Dr. Brain to basically fix the situation.
There's security puzzles that Dr. Brain set up all over The Island, though, that is what you're solving.
So, uh, yeah, it was a Sierra game, it was for DOS back in 1992, and although it was kind of an educational title, I don't know, I kind of like puzzle games.
It kind of set the precedent, um, for a lot of, like, fun, uh, puzzle games.
So, that's really it, that's all I have to say about it.
There's not a lot else to say, it's, it's got a variety of different types of puzzles in it, and it's, it's worth checking out.
And the, uh, prequel as well, The Castle of Dr. Brain was also a solid entry in the series.
So there you go, this week's classic game of the week, The Island of Dr. Brain.
Check out those old school voiceovers right there with the ad-lib music in the background.
Good times.
The Island of Dr. Brain, did you ever play that one?
I did not play that game.
I'm wasting many hours on that game.
It's a fun game.
There's different skill levels, too, so the puzzles can get really hard.
Like, I think the Tower of Babel puzzle in the advanced mode takes, like, 450 moves to solve.
Crazy.
Alright, that's gonna do it for this first half of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere, guys.
We have plenty more of show to come, including rapid-fire news, the FUGL Question of the Week, emails, if we got any,
there weren't any in there last time I looked, uh, the FUs of the Week, and of course, your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Maybe you have something to say about this whole Kevin Butler situation, or Cliffy B leaving Epic Games,
or porn on the 360, or whatever you want to talk about.
We'll be taking your calls when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 476 of our show for this October the 7th of 2012.
Just myself and Loki holding down the fort tonight, if you're just joining us, DarkSakura.
She is at the happiest place on Earth, which is even happier today, uh, with the gay days Anaheim going on right now.
I know a lot of people that are there right now.
Uh, and you might be wondering, why aren't you there?
Um, my pass expired for Disney. I had an annual pass for Disneyland.
It actually expired at the end of September, so I wouldn't have been able to make it.
And, um, it's like $450 or something to renew right now, which, you know, if I was in a better financial situation,
I'd spend it, because that's, you know, Disneyland's a great place.
But, uh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna use the excuse to kind of take some time off from Disney for a while.
I was just there two weeks ago, anyway. That was the point, was to be like the last hurrah.
So, uh, but, uh, Jamie, she's, she's enjoying it for now, uh, while I'm on a little bit of hiatus,
and, uh, she'll be back next week to pick a new Classic Game of the Week and do all the things she does on the show.
But, meanwhile, Loki and I holding down the fort.
Alright, Loki, you gotta tell the, uh, listeners what you were telling me during the break about your shopping excursions here.
I'm not shopping on anything. No, I, I'm making some, well, designing something right now.
Sorry, plotting. You're plotting something over there, clearly.
Not necessarily shopping. Uh, so, no, I was, um, you know, I'm always looking for, like, DDR machines and stuff like that.
So, one of the things I wanted to do was rebuild my, you know, DDR pads.
And, you know, I, I kind of saw only all the designs that are out there and stuff.
I actually had bought stuff to make a certain, uh, design, but I just kind of don't want to do that one anymore.
So, I happened to catch, there was, um, on the, on BomaniSau's, um, site, they were, uh, some guy was selling one of his beat gear pads.
And now, if you don't remember, beat gear pads, at one time, there was a guy that was gonna be creating the most arcade authentic pads, you know, out there.
And then we played some awesome music, and it was fantastic.
Okay, I guess, um, I guess, uh, it was appropriate, since Loki's talking about old games, to play the classic Game of the Week music. Sorry about that.
Uh, so anyways, so this guy's selling, um, you know, the beat gear pad, and, uh, they've got some shots of it and stuff, and that kind of linked to another website that had some more shots of the pad, and, like, it taking apart and stuff like that.
So, based on those pictures, I'm designing the schematics for it to make my own, or to mass produce them if I want to, since no one has done it. And, yeah, so that's why I'm working on it.
But you wouldn't scam people out of their money.
No.
You're an honest guy, and I know where you live.
Exactly, everyone knows where I live. No, um, I just, I was kind of curious to see how much it's gonna cost to do it, and how I would actually have to do it, because I think it's all, it looked like it was injected molded plastic and stuff.
And they use different sensors than, like, arcade sensors. They use, uh, they're tape switches, or what they're called, I guess, and you can actually buy those really cheap.
They come in, like, a big, long, like, a big, long string of them, and it's, like, uh, I think I found them, like, ten bucks for, like, eight feet of that stuff, and you'd only need, like, a few inches, um, per pad.
Maybe a few feet per pad. Um, but, I mean, ten bucks for, you know, a ton of switches versus ten bucks a switch.
Kind of a, kind of a big deal there. But, um, yeah, so, arcade parts, they actually use the arcade arrows. They use, um, the way I'm designing is gonna use the arcade, um, neons as well.
Um, and I don't know about the arcade switches, because those are really fucking expensive. I'd rather go the tape switch route.
You'll always be the DDR fan, now and forever.
Exactly. I always am. All I have the stuff I do is for DDR stuff.
I did it for the dinner!
But, yeah, so, that's what I've been working on. Actually, that's what I've been working on this week, uh, last few days, and I've been playing Minecraft or anything, or Borderlands 2,
because I've been, uh, playing in SketchUp, trying to draw what I see, and getting the measurements right based on other things that are injection molded and stuff like that.
You know, they have the support braces and stuff in there. Um, just getting that the right size, and I think I have nailed it pretty well.
Um, just knowing measurements of different things. So, we'll see.
I mean, the thing about injection molding stuff is it may be somewhat cheap for the parts, but the initial cost is pretty expensive.
So, it may not even be, by the time I'm done, worth it doing, because to make the parts would be a few thousand dollars.
Which, you know, it's good if you're mass producing them, because then, you know, you cost average all that stuff out, and it gets pretty cheap.
But, if you're making, like, one pad or two pads, that might not work out too well.
You know, it'd be well over the cost of a DDR machine. What's the point at that point?
Alright, well, before we get into rapid-fire news, to take things a slightly different direction for a minute, I like some of this reminiscing people are doing in the chat room.
They're talking about this service, Imagination. I personally never heard of that one, but they're talking about some of the other old, like, old-school dial-up services and things that used to exist back in the day.
Qlink. I remember that one. Wasn't that actually called QuantumLink, and then I think they shortened it to Qlink?
I don't know.
I was on the Commodore 64, and I want to say that became America Online at some point, or AOL Bottom or something.
Maybe.
I remember that, and I always wanted to get on that with my 300 baud modem.
But, my parents, you know, I was only, like, probably eight at the time, didn't want me on that stuff.
But, Vandy brought up Genie and Prodigy.
I was on Prodigy.
I was on Prodigy, too, and I still remember my number to this day. I know I've talked about it on a previous show.
I got in a lot of trouble thanks to Prodigy chat rooms.
Oh, yeah. Well, I got in trouble just, I think, because one of the Prodigy numbers it dialed was a long-distance number, and we were on it for, like, a long time.
Oh, crap.
So, it, like, you know, it ranked up a pretty big phone bill.
But, yeah, the earliest modem I had was just a 2400 baud modem.
But, yeah, BBS's. That was some good times.
Oh, I spent so much time on BBS's back in the day.
It's crazy.
And BBS's wouldn't suddenly disconnect the stream, like, apparently just happened here.
What is up?
That's a Comcast issue, guys. It's not us. I'm sorry.
We should be back online now, though. It shows the streaming data.
But, where were we?
Oh, BBS's.
I used to call so many BBS's when I was, like, 12 to 15.
Where were we back? What did you used to have? Was it the California Computer News Magazine?
Yes.
Was it a free magazine?
You and I probably hung out on the same BBS's and didn't even know it.
Maybe.
Probably. I'll try to think. What were some of the big, my favorite BBS back in the day in the Sacramento area was one called the Open Mind.
I still remember it to this day. But it was huge on the forums.
And there were a lot, it had a very active forum community. I met a lot of great people on there.
And then there was one you could dial into to play Doom 2 online.
But that was the one where you had to buy credits after you used so much.
I can't remember some of the big ones that were here locally, but I used to play all that shit.
Legend of the Red Dragon, Trade Wars 2002, The Pit with its graphical client. Amazing.
There was one BBS I used to dial into that actually would let you have internet access for, like, 15 minutes a day.
That was fantastic. And then also all the AOL discs. I mean, you would just be swimming in those things.
You'd go cancel. Hey, would you like another free month?
Yeah, sure. Free month.
I remember asking and begging my mom to let me call the long distance number to the Sierra BBS for, like, 20 minutes so I could download a game demo that I really wanted.
I don't even remember what it was now, but there was something on there that I really wanted because Sierra had an official BBS back in the day.
Good times. Dial back verification. All that good stuff.
I tried running a BBS, but my parents would never let me have the second line.
So it was one of those, you know, my really good friend Neil could call in when we set up a certain time.
And then my mom would pick up the phone to call one of her friends. Rob, what the hell are you doing?
Good times.
Alright, let's move on. Enough reminiscing. Let's talk rapid fire news.
Loki, start us off.
Alright, I'm very excited about this game coming out. It's been a long, long time coming.
Retro City Rampage, which originally started off as a Grand Theft Auto game for the NES and then just spun out from there.
And it has so many homages to, like, just all this 8-bit stuff.
You know, they've got everything you could possibly think of.
They have levels there based off of Metal Gear, levels based off of Breakthrough, levels based off of, you know, Bionic Commando, Mega Man, Blaster Master, all sorts of crazy stuff.
It's going to be coming out on the PlayStation 3 and the Vita.
They're doing the cross-buy thing too with that, so that's where I'm purchasing it.
Although I do also want it on my Xbox 360 and maybe on Steam.
So I may actually purchase it on every single platform that comes out.
But it's $14.99, so that'll be coming out this week on the 9th.
I can't wait. That'll probably be the game I'm playing this week.
And it's very much like a Grand Theft Auto 1 or 2 type game top down, but it's just all sorts of crazy.
There's like Super Meat Boy stuff in there. There's a Super Meat Boy game that's done like the Virtual Boy in the game.
So it's going to be fantastic.
Also this week, well, one of the announcements, I guess, Namco Bandai is removing Nobby Nobby Boy from the iOS App Store, also on Tuesday.
And apparently they haven't really said why it's being removed. It is being removed by Namco Bandai, not Apple.
But apparently, you know, there's some functionality that hasn't been working for a few months.
So maybe they've just decided that, eh, we're going to get rid of it or something.
It's kind of sad. But if you want to play the game, I guess download it now so you have it.
And it is $1.99.
And then there's a new Kickstarter. I actually saw this one. The Kickstarter for Old School RPG.
It's being created by Brenda Brathwaite and Tom Hall.
Who, you know, you may not remember them, but of course they worked on some of the older game series like Wizardry and Dungeons & Dragons.
I was like, Brenda Brathwaite actually sounds very familiar. She was like an old school RPG person, right?
Yeah, and then Tom Hall was the founder of id Software. He made Commander Keen.
Holy shit, Commander Keen. That's one of those demos I downloaded for 30 minutes on my 24-14 board.
Man, one of the things I liked doing was we had a local video store that had a shareware table.
A table where you just buy floppy disks of all sorts of games. Good times, man.
It blows my fucking mind how I'm in junior high school, right? I guess it was more like freshman, sophomore year of high school.
I'm downloading the Wolfenstein 3D demo for 50 minutes. It takes me to download that demo on a 14 4K modem, right?
Flash forward to today, which, you know, I'm not that old all things considered, but this is maybe 20 years later.
I'm downloading Wolfenstein 3D to play on my phone over the air in less than a minute.
Think of where we're going to be 20 years from now.
Not even.
Raisy shit.
Like five years from now.
Crazy shit. Anyhow, sorry.
So yeah, so apparently if you pledge, you know, 15 bucks, you'll get a digital copy of the game.
And of course they've got all sorts of different things. They even have a $10,000 pledge point where they will show up to your door with a red velvet,
or deliver the game in a box on a red velvet pillow on a red carpet. So that's pretty funny.
And, you know, they also had one of their stretch goals is that they'll make two full games.
So neat.
Also DLC Quest, the game we kind of talked about a while, I actually played it on the indie games, but it's one of the games that's on the whole green light thing.
And one of their promises if they get green lit is that they're going to add some new content, which is good, because that game's only like one or two hours long.
And the new DLC is going to be called Live Free-mium or Die.
And they have, I guess, a new campaign world, or a new campaign, new world, new enemies, and buckets of new DLC to purchase.
And they're saying that that set the launch the fourth quarter of this year, which is pretty funny.
And yeah. And then that's it.
Alrighty. I got a few stories for you guys as well. First off, something about Star Wars Final Assault.
Hopefully this will be one of the Star Wars games that isn't terrible. Because they're hit and miss. Sometimes they're really good, sometimes they're really not good.
But Star Wars Final Assault will be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade. There is an image out there floating around of the actual artwork that will be used on the arcade.
That's kind of how they spilled it there. So the game was first announced way back in August when there were trademark and domain registrations.
But this game, it's funny to note, still has not been officially announced. So we don't even really know exactly what it is.
Yeah, they haven't announced it. It came out of a leak. There was a leak of all the fourth quarter titles that were coming out on Xbox Live Arcade.
And there's actually some other ones I saw that were interesting, but I don't remember what it was.
Well, could one of them be this game I'm going to mention next? Karate Kia? I could never say this. It's basically Karate. Karate Ka. I guess that's the way you would say it. Karate Ka.
I remember this old, old game. This was back in the Commodore 64 days and all that. And it was in the arcades too.
There's a remake now coming out. Obviously it's now 3D, a little more inspired by the Street Fighter IVs of the world and so forth.
But still kind of cool that it's on Xbox Live Arcade. It's small enough to be there.
Xbox.com actually had this posted. It wasn't supposed to be an official announcement, but people that were scouring Xbox.com actually found it.
This one is supposed to be out I believe relatively soon. November-ish is when that remake is coming out. November 16th? 14th? 14th that link is to be believed that was found on Xbox.com.
This fad isn't going to die anytime soon. It's the Gangnam Style dance. Ah yes. It's now available to your character in Free Realms.
You might remember Free Realms as the free-to-play MMO that's available on the Playstation 3. It sucks. But hey, you can do this dance in the game.
Here's what I love about the trailer. They can't use the actual music. Oh son of a bitch. I don't care about the E.T. re-release. Show me the frickin' movie I really want to see.
And they don't have walkie-talkies anymore. That's important. Even on the Blu-ray version? I thought they went back to it. No they got rid of it I think.
I thought Spielberg said he regretted that. Do we need to have a conversation about E.T.? No. Alright here we go. Here's the actual trailer. They have to use fake music.
Even though it's the actual dance. Here's the problem with this. Not only is Free Realms kind of crap, but let's be real. The moment that sold that video for most people was when he was dancing over the guy in the elevator.
That was the best part of the entire video and I don't see that represented here in Free Realms.
And everybody's saying why aren't the panda bears doing this in Mists of Pandaria? Well cause they programmed that dance in like nine months ago way before Gangnam Style was a thing.
And there you have it. Apparently a Wii U demo interface has been shown. This is because the Wii U demo kiosk is now available in the official store in New York City.
So I don't know if some of our New York City fans are nearby and want to check that out, but you can check that out. It's a Wii U demo station.
And it has some of the cover art for some of the various games there. You can select whatever demo cover art you want to play and you get a video or you get to actually play the demo depending on what it is.
Apparently only Rayman Legends is actually usable, but who knows. I mean this is still really early on. The console is still a good month and a half away.
So I imagine they'll add more to this. But that's available at the official Nintendo store. So those of you that are in New York might want to check that out.
Alright, let's move on to the foogle question of the week.
Rama the ever great reporter for VOG says he'll go by there tomorrow. Check it out. Get on it Rama.
Alright, foogle question of the week. Very simple this week. I thought I'd tie it into what we talked about at the beginning of the show.
What's the scariest video game you've ever played and why? Easy enough right? We talked about this at the beginning of the show.
Let's go to Facebook. I always start on Google Plus. We'll go to Facebook this week and start off here.
Ronnie B says condemned criminal origins. Based on the demo it had I fully went in expecting something like a CSI sim and that's what I wanted. Nothing more.
The demo focused a lot on using forensic tools and being a cop so I thought great. The longer you play the crazier it got though.
James S. replied there's another game on PC that I haven't played but would love to like Amnesia or Slenderman.
My computer is ancient so I have to go with a console game. I know it sounds cliche but Silent Hill 2 and 3 collection.
Was phenomenal. I can't remember how many times I had to turn it off when playing alone at night because I was literally dreading turning around that next darkened corner.
Freaky music in the background and none of the stupid team co-op stuff to ruin it. These games are more scary when we are completely and utterly alone.
With that being said there aren't really many AAA horror titles that are genuinely scary. Maybe they just don't make enough money. What a shame.
Acidic Vampire says Dead Space 1 and 2. Disfigured creatures a la John Carpenter's The Thing aboard a derelict spacecraft. Need I say more?
Shattered Hawk says as a kid I used to own Shadow Man for the N64. The music mixed with monsters gave me nightmares. The pig guys with the hooks that screamed when they spotted you still gives me the chills.
I never played that game but that sounds scary. Tim N says Silent Hill 2. It is peerless as far as horror goes. The rest are pretenders.
Some strong words there. Gamer Girl says I know you only asked for one but I have two. Eternal Darkness was really scary for me.
I don't know but when you get to the part where your heart starts racing in game it was over for me in real life. Why? Because I'm a huge music lover. I feel whatever I'm listening to.
Same goes for F.E.A.R. Those are two of the most scariest games for me. But somehow I still love it. Dan Shadow says the original F.E.A.R. was really creepy. The first few missions had great jump scares and you didn't.
He spoils part 2. You'll have to read that on Facebook to see that. Mike B says Jaws Unleashed. It was scary bad. I knew somebody would go with the Showgirls route.
I thought Jaws wasn't that bad. I don't know if it was Unleashed though. Wasn't that the remake one where you can play as the shark OMG. The shark one looked fun.
Dave Falcon said return to Castle Wolfenstein. There was a small part in the game that just startled the crap out of me during gameplay. I was walking through a snowy field and everything was quiet and calm and the Nazis jumped out of nowhere and made me jump out of my skin. Shot the crap out of me. Nazis always scare me.
Another vote for Silent Hill 2 from Clover N. Chiggers says Bioshock had a moment that scared the shit out of me. One of those zombie dudes jumped out from behind a coffin and made me drop the controller. Fucking zombies. Bioshock was really scary.
DDR Dollar Bill says Haunted house on the 2600. When you could not see the walls at all, no weapons and could not even see behind the doors. Drop my damn controller every time I opened one and a damn spider or bat or ghost killed me. Quite honestly I'd like to see a follow up of scariest moments.
Haunted house on the 2600 was kind of old school survival horror. I think they remade that for the 360. Yeah and it's shit. Yeah.
And DJ Rama S replied and said Bioshock. And a very similar story to what Chiggers had mentioned before with somebody popping out there. He said well played 2k games well played. Let's go to Google Plus and look at some of the answers there.
Marcus E says Haunting ground. Even though the Capcom game focuses on a busty gal running around like some horror flick, it managed to be much deeper. Any game where your only option is to run seems scary by default.
But the atmosphere in Haunting Ground was fantastic. Pair that with supremely creepy stalkers, foreboding locations and a terrifying soundtrack and the game was one of the best horror titles.
I must give you one example of how the game managed to be so scary. Haunting Ground focuses on hiding since you can rarely fight back. At one point I was running from an antagonist, rushed down a hallway into a room and went to hide in the closet.
Guess what? She was in the closet waiting for me. Moments like that just made the game near perfect.
Act Def says Aside from Silent Hill, Eversion. That game is really fucked up and so much too. Lastly, Redertainment says Silent Hill 3. I had to stop playing that game near the end so the fear that was building up on my body could leave me. I occasionally still hear the sounds of those damn demon dogs.
So there it is. The answers from Facebook and Google Plus. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or you can look us up on Google Plus if you want to answer in a future week.
Some things I was surprised not to hear. Did you notice some of the games that were left out? I heard one person mention Amnesia but didn't pick that as their most scary. No Resident Evils. I didn't hear Clock Tower which I always thought was kind of a fucked up.
I don't know. I kind of thought it was scary. Fatal Frame. Kind of a lot of stuff that wasn't there but still some good picks. I'm not saying you guys didn't pick good stuff but lots of love for Silent Hill apparently.
There you go. Alright, there it is. Your FUGL Question of the Week. Let's get back into some more news. We're not too far away from the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR. Not just yet though. Some more news stories first.
So Sony likes doing a lot of different bundles, especially around the holidays. And one of the things that they said they, eh, we're not not going to do it but it might be a cool idea.
Apparently they're thinking that hey maybe someday we'll do a bundle that includes a Vita and a Playstation 3. And I think that could be possible if they have some more of those games that are going to be kind of working like the Wii U or the Xbox Smart Glass stuff.
So maybe if that becomes popular they might do this. It'd have to get a hell of a lot cheaper though because it's going to be a hard sell to have a portable system and a regular system in there.
Yeah, that bundle is going to have to be a heck of a deal but it's going to look like, you know, twice as much as the Wii U.
Yeah. I don't know. It'd be neat. Right now they don't have a whole lot of interconnectivity between the two systems. Some games, you know, kind of use it but not a whole ton.
But they could.
They could. They could do anything. They could bundle it with a TV. I'm sure they've done that. So, I don't know. It's not outside the realm of possibility but is it going to be something that people are going to be looking for? Probably not.
Options. I remember people like options.
Well some options people would like to see on the Wii U is more variety in games and some more things that address the hardcore.
And of course follow ups to some of those big Operation Rainfall games, The Last Story and Xenoblade.
Well, Reggie Fils-Aime made a comment, I believe this was to, I think it was to Kotaku actually, about Xenoblade and The Last Story and all that.
The comment was about what is Monolith Soft doing now? What is the Wii U game that they're making?
And the quote is this, quote, we know that they're working on a game. I personally haven't seen it but I know there's a lot of excitement in Japan and Kyoto about what they're working on.
So I look forward to seeing it. In the end, if it's a game that we decide to publish from what would be a second party standpoint, certainly we'd love to bring it here to the US.
The way we look at the opportunity is, given a level of marketing support, how much are we going to sell and is it going to be a profitable venture?
So a whole lot of nothing kind of about, you know, maybe we'll release it, maybe we won't.
I found some of the comments on this particular website a little more interesting than the article itself.
MyNintendoNews.com is where some of these comments come from.
And some people are kind of talking about, like they're fighting about, did Xenoblade do well or not?
One commenter says, I bet the Wii U game will do well since Xenoblade did well.
And somebody replies to that, it did well, it barely sold 300,000 copies in North America.
I put it this way, and I just saw this this week.
Yeah?
The last story, it's out of print. They're not making it anymore.
Oh shit.
But that was something that was being put out by Exceed, so it's kind of their MO.
Atlas does the same thing, you know, they kind of make a small initial lot and then they sell through it and put it out of print.
But, I mean, I don't think they sold that well.
Well, somebody replies though, and this is a good point.
Okay, 300,000 doesn't seem that bad when you consider it was only available at two places.
Nintendo's website or GameStop.
No Amazon, no Walmart, no Best Buy, none of that.
But it doesn't matter though, for the people that wanted that game, they could get it there.
And let's be honest, GameStop is the largest game retailer out there, so...
300,000 doesn't seem that bad to me though, when you put it in that context.
It's not that bad. It's not. I mean, there's been multi-platform games that sold under that hell.
Earth Defense Force, you know, Insect Armageddon sold under 300,000 copies per platform.
There you go.
So, I mean, it makes sense.
But the other bottom line of that is that...
Sorry, I lost my train of thought.
The other bottom line of that is that...
Damn it, where was I going with this?
This is where live radio bugs...
That they're going to actually bring it over?
Yeah, or I guess that maybe the decision hasn't been made yet.
And if it's going to take...
Yeah, that's where I was going with this, is that even if they decide they're going to do it,
you're not going to see it anytime soon.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf wants to correct something you said.
He says Walmart is the largest game retailer, and I believe it.
GameStop may be the largest specialty retailer, but Walmart is the largest retailer of a lot of things.
Well, they're the largest retailer of, you know, retailer out there.
But as far as game specialty as, you know, category, GameStop is far beyond Walmart.
Walmart may sell through a lot of stuff, but the biggest chunk is going to GameStop.
That's why you see a lot of special stuff being done for GameStop, like a lot of exclusives.
You don't see Walmart exclusives for that stuff. On movies, though, you do.
You do. You do see some Walmart exclusive things. Rarely, but you do.
And I would argue that you probably do see more actual games at the end of the day sold at Walmart than you do at GameStop.
Same thing with the CDs.
You wouldn't think Walmart's the largest CD retailer in the world, but they are.
Maybe with iTunes in the picture, it's a little different now, but the largest physical CD retailer in the world.
They're the largest retailer of a lot of stuff, like it or not.
So...
Anyhow, that's all I wanted to say about that.
Let's move on, Loki.
Alright.
So, let's see.
This is kind of neat.
AbleGamers, you know, they're dedicated to gamers with different disabilities and stuff.
They're actually going to open up an arcade, an accessibility arcade.
And I guess the concept that was originally, I guess, going to be a...
It was originally a limited time installation, but they're saying this is going to be a permanent addition to the Washington, D.C. Public Library.
I guess the Martin Luther King branch.
And it's going to allow different gamers with all sorts of different disabilities to be able to enjoy games.
So you're going to see games with, you know, maybe some audio-only games.
You know, that kind of stuff in there.
And they haven't really said what specific types of games are going to be in there, but I can kind of imagine the stuff that they have.
And I guess this is opening very soon.
Or, actually, by the looks of it, it's already open.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
That's pretty cool.
Now, this is in Washington, D.C.
No, I'm sorry. It opens this Wednesday.
By the time a lot of people hear this, it'll be open.
Or book their flights to Washington, D.C.
Where this is at, apparently, right?
Yeah.
Well, that's pretty neat.
Especially when you hear every day how arcades are dying.
And just last week, we had a story on the show about another major arcade that was shutting down.
It's nice to hear that not only is something opening up, even though this is...
I mean, it's a library and all that stuff, so it isn't like an arcade in the traditional sense.
It's neat that not only is something opening up, but it's opening up with a broader idea in mind.
And something new.
Yeah.
Which, you know, now we look at it and go, oh, this is something we should have had all along, but this is a great idea.
Well, let's hope it does well for them.
Maybe it'll start a trend.
But sadly, I think with how arcades have been doing recently, I think the trend has already been had.
Anyhow, there were a few Nintendo Direct conferences this week that talk about the 3DS.
And we get to find out what's in store for the 3DS this year.
I guess there's a sequel being made to Pushmo, Ninja Gaiden and Castlevania the Adventure,
and some other games developed by Level 5 and so forth.
There's some good stuff that's actually, like, original.
Night Sky is coming out October 25th.
That is an action-puzzle game that will be an ambient gameplay experience with cerebral challenges that will be uniquely designed picturesque worlds.
By the way, these are all e-shot titles. I probably should have put that out there, too.
Crashmo is the sequel to Pushmo on November 22nd.
Fluidity Spin Cycle is on December 27th.
This is going to make use of the tilt.
Like, not a lot of games have been using the gyroscope in there.
This will have, like, tilt and turn and all that stuff to maneuver a puddle of water named Eddie through a maze-like world.
But it's the whole, like, you can do liquid to ice or steam, solid liquid gas type of thing.
Wow, that sounds just like that one game that Konami put out. Remember?
Yeah, I remember that. I remember that.
Dewey's Adventure?
Yeah, yeah.
Nintendo e-shops will get Level 5 stuff.
Suda51's Liberation Maiden.
A hundred years in the future when the president of Japan boards her liberator Kamui and fights to free her country one region at a time.
Arrow Porter and Crimson Shroud are also on the table to be released by the end of the year.
And Pedestrian Tossing Pandemonium in Tokyo Crash Mobs, an action-puzzle game in early 2013.
There you go.
There are also some 3DS titles that are full games that are now available for download.
Super Mario 3D Land, Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time, Star Fox 64 3D, Mario Kart 7, all coming on October 18th for $39.99 each.
Most of those you can start to find in the bargain bins for far cheaper, so be careful. I'm just saying.
Well, it's nice that Nintendo offers such bargains on that stuff.
Right.
Virtual Console. Mario Golf on October 11th, Castlevania The Adventure on October 25th, Ninja Gaiden on November 8th, Zelda 2 The Adventure of Link on November 22nd, Wario Land 2 on December 20th, and Mario Bros. The Lost Levels on December 27th.
Also in Nintendo news, Animal Crossing 3DS updates.
Cool.
Some characters might set up a tent and camp outside.
You can help your in-game friends with purchasing decisions.
Use your office as the mayor to make decisions on putting things in town.
You pick a location for construction to begin on the items you plan on adding.
A megaphone lets you gather people.
I've got something to say.
There's now a shoe store, a museum store.
Dr. Shrunk will be back at the club.
There are now many more emotions.
You can view the homes of people you street pass and trade items with people you street pass.
You can take a picture with a photo booth.
There's now a massage parlor that will relax you and put you into a dream stage.
Maybe this is leading into Animal Crossing Happy Endings.
It'll be the next game. Who knows?
You can explore the town of someone else.
I thought you could do that in the last one on the Wii.
Maybe you can do that with a Haddon invitation or something?
Maybe.
KK Slider will also be the DJ at the club as well as playing the guitar.
More KK songs.
You can explore a town with other people.
You can take the boat to the island.
Grab items from the bottom of the sea.
There's mini games in various stores when you visit the island by boat.
Tortimer is the host of mini games and wears a tropical shirt so it sounds like the former mayor has retired to the island.
And not dead.
And not dead.
And one mini game has you navigating a maze to collect a certain item.
What a profound new concept.
Maze navigation. I've never heard of that in a video game.
Frisbee in chat asks, can you still hit animals over the head with the bug catching net?
I hope so or this whole fucking game is invalidated, isn't it?
Can you drag animals into an abandoned house and set up a Saw-style trap system for them?
No, I'm sorry. I'm not buying this game.
I really wish the developers would just go balls to the wall and put out Animal Crossing after dark.
We need Volition to come out with Animal Crossing.
Let's see some crazy dildo shit.
We need a good old up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A start that unlocks a brothel in your village.
So wrong.
So right.
So right.
I think that's worthy enough of being a dream game to be honest, Animal Crossing after dark.
But I'm pretty sure we've talked about something like that before.
Ask Animal Crossing the line.
All right. Loki, what do you got next?
All right. So next thing I've got, this is pretty cool.
So what would you say?
And I completely forgot about this until I saw the article.
You remember No Doubt and Activision?
There was a little lawsuit there.
Oh yeah, I remember this.
They were suing because, you know, people were singing other songs that they shouldn't have been singing.
You know, didn't like it.
Of course.
Shock.
Settled out of court.
Settled out of court.
Oh my god, you don't say.
Another lawsuit in the gaming industry settled out of court.
Get out now.
I know.
They've settled.
That's it.
No word on the settlement.
As usual, no word on who got what.
Yeah.
All right, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We dive into the mailbag and pick out a few emails that we think we should read on air.
So let's open up the mailbag.
Hello?
Hello?
Mailbag?
Where's the emails?
I don't think she's here.
Hello?
Oh, there's no emails in the mailbag this week.
So even if DarkSakura was here, there'd be nothing to read.
Womp womp.
I guess you guys just don't have any questions or things you want to talk about.
You just don't like us anymore.
Let's see how it is.
You're too busy playing your games.
You're all addicted to Pandaria.
Let's see how it goes.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Leave DarkSakura a surprise for when she gets back.
A mountain of emails. She'll appreciate it.
She likes mountains of emails.
That's right. She loves mountains of emails.
More than anything.
All right, well, what a good opportunity for us to get into the FUs of the week.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here is...
This is fucked up.
Loki, why don't you start?
I don't really have an FU of the week.
I guess an FU to not be able to play Borderlands 2.
I want to play that this week.
My FU of the week goes to the listeners for not sending us any email.
Unless you voted for us in one of the podcast award things.
Then you're forgiven if you did that, I suppose.
FU to that.
That's a not-so-serious FU.
Otherwise, I would say an FU to just all the money I've spent on this Rocky project.
It's pretty disgusting.
But you know what?
It's a community I really love and I'm excited to see it back in town.
Just FU to nerves and the realization that, oh my god, this is happening in five days.
I'm just freaking out a little bit.
But it'll be good.
It'll be good.
It'll be good.
Alright, let's get to a couple more news stories.
Then we'll take your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki.
Alright, so we talked about it last week.
How there was the oh-so-wonderful promotion that Microsoft is doing tied with your gamerscore.
Where you got a 1% or 2% kickback.
Woohoo!
1% kickback!
That's fantastic.
Well, Sony side-upped the deal a little bit because they think 1% is not necessarily good enough.
So here's what they're going to do.
They announced that apparently if you buy $100 or more in October,
you're going to get a $20 voucher for the PlayStation Network in November.
Not bad.
That's enough to buy Tokyo Jungle.
And a lot of games online, actually.
That's 20%.
That's 10 times better than 2%.
Does the money I spend on PlayStation Plus count towards that?
No.
Well, they said just on PlayStation Network, so maybe?
Maybe that would count?
But, you know, you can buy...
I mean, I think it's kind of the push you a little bit to...
And this is kind of cool.
If you're thinking on the fence about the digital stuff,
remember you can buy those digital games.
If you have PlayStation Plus, you get 10% off of the digital games.
Plus, you get $20 back.
So that could really cut down the cost of these new release games
if you're interested in picking up about $100 with the product.
So actdeft in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
I got 20 Microsoft points for my birthday from Microsoft.
A whole 20 points?
That is a whole quarter.
That's your birthday.
There's the quarter.
That's what the special birthday thing was.
20 Microsoft points.
20 Microsoft points.
You know what that will buy?
Nothing.
Not a goddamn thing.
All that will do is that will bug you.
It would be like someone went into your house in the middle of the night
and plucked out one of those pixels in your TV.
And, like, made it not work.
And it's just going to fucking bother you
because you're going to have, like, 20 points left over.
You're like, fuck, I can't buy anything with these 20 points.
I need to purchase more points to buy stuff.
And it's just going to drive you crazy until you buy it.
And then still end up with 120 points left over.
Some other freaking multiple of something you'll never be able to spend.
You could buy, according to Dartetsuya,
you could buy one quarter of Bungie Ferret Tossing,
which is a one dollar game and a great deal
on the Xbox Live Indie Marketplace right now.
Ooh.
Oh, Microsoft, you're so generous.
So 20 bucks does sound a lot better than...
You could even give me a buck.
Give me a dollar.
It's fake money.
Now, 100 bucks on the PlayStation Marketplace.
That seems like a lot of money to spend, but...
If you're buying new release games.
Exactly. All it takes is two new release games, right?
Or even one new release game
and maybe, like, three PlayStation Network games
to get you there.
I wonder if PlayStation Plus dollars count towards that.
Probably not.
If you have PlayStation Plus or if you buy PlayStation Plus.
If you buy PlayStation Plus.
Maybe.
Like, maybe this is my month to renew.
I don't know.
Maybe.
I'd be interested to know that.
To register participation for this week's episode
of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, quarter.
All right, one more story for you guys tonight
and then we're going to open up the Skype line
for calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
This doesn't have to do with gaming per se,
but I think this is a good story
because obviously gaming owes a lot of thanks to this
and that is the anniversary that we celebrate this week.
The compact disc turns 30
or the CD is now 30 years old.
Yes, Loki, you and I are older than the CD.
I'm surprised it's been around that long.
I'm also surprised it's been around that long
because it didn't really start to take off
until about 90, like, the early 90s,
maybe the late 80s.
It's like when rich people had them.
But, yeah, the early 80s is when the CD actually started.
The CD was a joint effort of Philips and Sony.
They were working independently on different versions
of the technology in the 70s
and they started to come out right in June of 1985
was when the CD-ROM was really born
and that, of course, led to where we're at now.
And, of course, without the CD,
we would never have had the PlayStation era
or really arguably DVDs and Blu-ray and all the stuff we have now.
I mean, DVDs and Blu-rays still are shaped like a CD.
There you go.
And, of course, it was a great sound.
I remember the whole big thing about it was, like,
you can skip right to tracks.
Like, no more rewinding and fast-forwarding.
I think you could skip to tracks on eight tracks,
but you still had to rewind them at some point.
Because I just remember the giant buttons
that were one, two, three, and four.
Oh, boy.
Oh, this leads to a great question chat.
I love where Tigerclaw is going for this.
Let's go ahead and open up the Skype line
and we'll tackle this question.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
While we wait for some calls,
Tigerclaw in chat says,
Do you guys remember the first CD you ever bought and still have?
Tigerclaw says,
My very first CD was the too unlimited album called No Limit.
That was a big DDR band.
I remember that.
Loki, do you remember the first CD you ever owned?
God, I don't even know.
I don't know.
It was probably one of the mystery of sound CDs.
I used to buy a bunch of those things.
I used to go crazy over at Virgin Records
and buy all the imports.
Oh, the Virgin Megastore?
Yeah, Virgin Megastore.
The bomb.
Because I used to buy a bunch of import stuff.
I used to be really into buying a lot of that stuff.
I don't remember what my first CD was.
I sort of remember my first CD player.
I had a tape adapter for my car.
But yeah, I don't even remember what my first CD was.
Well, okay, I don't really have a first CD
because I bought two CDs when I first went.
And one of them was the soundtrack to The Addams Family,
which came out that year.
And I love that movie.
So I bought that even though it was mostly orchestral.
I remember having that.
But then, here you go.
You ready for this?
It was another soundtrack.
And here's one of my big gay moments.
You ready?
One of my first CDs was the soundtrack to Sister Act.
That's right, the Whoopi Goldberg classic.
Was one of the first CDs I ever owned.
I don't still have them though, which is kind of tragic
because I got rid of all my CDs during one of my moves.
So, kind of sad.
Let's see, I'm going to the chat to check out some of these answers.
DJ Dark Knight says,
My first ever CD was Dr. Dre the Chronic.
See, there's nothing to be embarrassed about there.
That's like a classic album.
Actually, no. I remember what my first CDs were
because they weren't actually my CDs.
My parents, they bought a new stereo system that had a CD player.
So we had, one of the first CDs we had was
Michael Jackson, Black and White.
Oh, yeah.
That was like a landmark song when that came out.
Again, our Skype line is open.
1-877-GAMO-L-R.
That album wasn't Black and White.
That was, what was it called?
Dangerous.
Dangerous, yes. Dangerous.
That was it.
1-877-GAMO-L-R.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's get to some embarrassing answers.
Rama in chat says,
My first CD was the Aqua Barbie Girl single.
Love it.
Let's see.
Ziba says,
I think mine was either Ace of Base or No Doubt.
Some answers that you can't really be embarrassed about.
Act F says,
My first CD was an Aerosmith album.
Orange Wright says,
Coolio's Gangsta's Paradise.
Alan Alchemy remembers buying CDs for other people
were the first CDs he bought.
The Wayne's World soundtrack.
Primus was Sailing the Seas of Cheese.
Weezer's Debut and Madonna's Erotica.
Let's see.
Zethur says,
My first CD was Weird Al's The Food Album.
Awesome.
Well, let me, I need to load up the Twitter.
I forgot to get out my iPad,
so I guess I'll have to do this the regular way.
See if there's any tweets tonight at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I know Tiger Claw usually sends us a couple.
I'll see if there's anything else in there.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Uh, no, I don't.
Yikes.
At least nothing I've seen so far.
Alright, well, I got some tweets while you find it.
Let's see.
From Code Man asks,
Did you guys find a host?
Nope.
We could do the Skype host thing,
but I don't know.
Like, a lot of this show,
you have to remember the history of this show.
We've always been in one room together.
So, you know, whereas taking calls on Skype is one thing,
to have the host on Skype is weird.
To me, anyway.
I understand TR has filled in when I'm not here,
and that's different because Jamie MCs those shows,
so that works out a lot better.
But, yeah, I don't know.
Not being able to see the co-host thing is weird for me.
But then again, Hoard House works okay.
I can't explain it.
I can't.
It's just O-L-R's got a formula.
You gotta stick to it.
Moving on to some tweets from Tiger Claw.
Tiger Claw, ooh, reminds me of something that happened
in World of Warcraft today.
I did not experience this, but I heard about it.
Apparently, and they're blaming this on a hacker.
Yeah, I just was reading that.
Yeah, apparently, a bunch of people were insta-killed
in the big city of Stormwind,
which is like the Alliance capital.
This is happening in Orgrimmar as well, the Hoard capital.
These were mostly happening on the European servers.
They started spreading to other zones as well,
and I guess US servers were starting to get hit as well.
Level one characters were somehow insta-killing
everybody in the area and the subsequent graveyards.
So, yeah, crazy stuff.
No official comment from Blizzard,
but I will say the servers were down,
and then the authentication servers were down as well
for quite a bit this morning.
I tried to play around 11 a.m., and I couldn't.
So I think they were trying to fix this as it was happening.
I'm sure Blizzard's seen this.
They certainly follow the fan sites,
and I can't believe everybody and their mother
wasn't filing a complaint about the characters.
So they will find the IPs, and they will obliterate them.
Wow, that's a pretty interesting picture
that they've got for that.
I guess it's just this massive pile of skeletons.
Yeah, yeah, because once you res,
your little skeleton stays there.
So it's really funny to see raid rooms
when you're working on a boss or something.
There'll just be piles of skeletons everywhere
so you got shy listeners tonight.
Or does the number not work?
I don't know what's happening there.
1877 game olr again.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let me make sure the number's working tonight
because you know that was the problem last week.
What is wrong with this thing, man?
Angry Birds Star Wars Jenga?
So that's like a three-way crossover there.
Yeah, Angry Birds Star Wars.
Let's just throw everything and see if one of them sticks.
This is ridiculous.
Because Star Wars needed more Angry Birds.
I don't know if we mentioned this.
Atlas is publishing all the Calypso stuff now.
Really?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Yeah, that's kind of weird.
Or distributing, maybe.
This other link here from Tigerclaw is kind of sad.
Oh, we got a call coming in.
Oh, this should be interesting.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Does your Skype work yet?
Yes, it works.
I called it from my phone and just verified the 800 number was working.
Yeah, it's working.
This is Bobby.
This is your opening act.
Of course, our co-headliner.
How are you, Bobby Blackwolf?
I'm doing good.
I've been in your position where I'm sitting there asking for calls,
so I figured I'd help you guys out.
I appreciate it.
You've always been very good.
You've literally had us on every episode of your show,
save one or two when we're not here,
for the past several years going back to the old network.
So it's really only fair that you get to come on this show,
and we try to plug you every week.
That's right.
We've got to hear from you as well.
So you've had a series of pretty good episodes lately,
and you were at a convention this weekend to get even more interviews, right?
That's right.
I was at Siege this weekend,
which is the Southern Interactive Entertainment and Game Expo.
I think of it more like GDC rather than E3,
but basically a lot of students were there about getting into the industry
and things like that, and it was really interesting.
I got to meet a lot of great indie developers,
primarily here in the Southeast,
and hopefully lined up some stuff for us to cover in the future here at VoG.
So I'm really excited about that,
and a lot of people are really excited about VoG.
Sometimes I've really pushed VoG as a network really hard on people.
And one of our first times in print.
I saw the tweet with the little logo in the program.
That's actually in the program that everybody got and probably didn't read.
That happens. That's all right.
No, actually they all did read it because that had the schedule of all the panels.
And I heard the VoG logo was above the Microsoft logo.
It is.
Amazing.
Yes.
We're coming for you, Gates.
That's right.
You had a pretty neat interview tonight on your show.
Tonight I was talking to Dustin Clingman.
He is the chairman of the International Game Developers Association.
And you were talking about that I've done some interesting episodes.
I've started trying to theme what I'm doing instead of just talking about the news.
If there's a theme I can do, and if it's more like a discussion topic,
I'll talk about it.
A couple of weeks ago, I did a whole theme on people getting laid off.
I'm tired of talking about people getting laid off.
He did his keynote speech at Siege about a time for optimism.
And it was talking about how you should be optimistic about the game industry in spite of...
And he actually put out 120 studios have closed in the last five or six years.
Oh, my God.
That's the official number.
120 have closed in the last five or six years.
And all this stuff, people are leaving.
Zinga's stock price dropped to this.
And he did this entire keynote about why you should still be optimistic.
And so I interviewed him and basically tried to distill his one-hour keynote
and do a little 25-minute interview.
But I basically asked him, why should we be optimistic?
And just let him talk.
And one of the questions you asked him was about the video game crash as well.
And you kind of asked, do you think we'll see something like we saw in the early 80s happen again?
And he said no. And he had his reasons.
As a consumer, I'm not sure I necessarily agreed with everything he said.
But I get the optimism and the fact that for every door that closes, another opens.
And that there's this whole mobile thing is now the fad, I guess.
And maybe we're seeing less AAA things and more mobile things.
But I don't know. I kind of wonder.
Part of the reason the Atari 2600 and all that collapsed
was that you had this oversaturation of these little games.
Although, granted, they were charging full price for them at the time.
And mobile games are more in the 99-cent, $2 size.
And his thing was that the reason that also the crash happened
is because stores just stopped wanting to carry him because they couldn't return him.
And that's the crux of his argument.
He talks about it a little bit more.
Because he talks about returns.
And then I do ask him, so used games?
And that's a different thing.
But nowadays, for retail products, if the Evil-G doesn't sell through Naughty Bear 2 or whatever,
they can actually send it back and get a little bit of their money back.
So it's not a complete loss on their inventory.
Whereas back in the days of the Atari 2600 and the other 12 consoles that were out in 1982,
that wasn't the case.
And with Apple, there is no upfront cost.
Let me jump in with Loki.
Loki, the man who works for the distribution company, you say that's not totally true.
That's not true. It's all one-way sale.
They do not allow returns.
Well then why would...
Is that maybe just your arrangement?
No, I think it's mass retailers.
And the reason why they do that, that's why they do a pre-order program.
Because otherwise they can buy a bunch of stuff and then return it all.
But it's all one way.
I think what it is now is they get a lot more perks.
They get a lot more back-end rebates and a lot of price protections and all that fun stuff.
But no, it's definitely there are no returns on that stuff.
Because the publishers do not want to be sitting on that stuff.
Interesting.
And is that why Amazon...
Isn't that part of the rumors why Amazon stopped carrying a lot of the Nintendo hardware?
Well, the Effectives are a little different.
But yeah, once again you have to...
Usually what they'll do with Effectives is they'll want the consumer to go through the proper routes through the publishers.
Or the hardware manufacturers.
They want a person that buys an Xbox 360 to go to Microsoft and have that repaired.
But a consumer doesn't care.
They're like, well, why did GameStop sell me an Effectives system?
I'm going to go back to GameStop and return it instead of actually...
Even if there's instructions in the box, do not return this back to the retailer.
So of course all that stuff has to be approved.
And obviously they're going to approve GameStop over some mom and pop shop.
I wish I knew that when I was doing the interview yesterday so I could have called him out on it.
Oh, well, now we'll just have to have another interview at some point.
That's right.
Or we'll invite him on OLR, let Loki grill him.
No, but it was a good interview and the fact that he was pretty open.
You did have some tough questions and that's always great when an interviewee can handle those questions.
Alright, so I have to ask you about something you didn't talk about.
Okay.
But you did talk about it on Twitter, so that's why I know it's fair game.
Because you did post about it on Twitter.
You got to tell me about what's happening with a certain voice actor.
Oh, God.
What's up with this?
Well, actually I phrased it on my private Facebook profile a little bit better.
Because my friends on Facebook know why this is amazing.
A little bit more than what people on Twitter would do.
But I will tell you this, I am not the type of person to go near a dance floor.
But I like going to concerts and stuff because I'm a musician, so I'm actually watching the musician.
And so I've actually never been really on a dance floor.
Usually I can get out of being pulled onto a dance floor.
And Professor Shy Guy was playing.
All those years of DDR did nothing?
No.
You got to realize, I did an arrow stomp.
Alright, alright.
My bimani was fingers.
You were a bimani guy. Okay, fair enough.
So, he's playing and stuff.
And he's big on wanting people right in front of the stage dancing.
And apparently him and Ellen McClain, who's the voice of GLaDOS, actually have done different cons together.
So they know each other.
And I've gotten to know her too.
This is the third con I've seen her at.
So she got pulled up to the dance floor by somebody.
So I'm kind of sitting there. I actually have some pictures of her dancing up there, which is great.
And then he's like, okay, everybody here go out and get somebody.
And Ellen McClain comes right to me.
And she's like, come on.
And I do the whole no thing.
And she gives me this look.
Like, the motherly, you're going to do this.
I said so.
When the voice of GLaDOS comes up to you and just stares at you, saying you're going to do this, and starts pulling, you don't resist.
You don't say no to GLaDOS. You don't.
You don't.
So the way I phrase it is I don't know what's more impressive, the fact that I got on a dance floor and danced for two songs, or that it was by the voice of GLaDOS.
That's a great story. Love it.
And thankfully, there's no video of it.
And there never will.
I have no clue what I'm doing up there.
And she was trying. She was wearing this, I don't even know what the clothing thing is called, but it's something that she wears over her shoulders.
She was actually using that and wrapping it around me and doing something.
Whoa!
Yeah, I know. John Patrick Lowry, you're on notice.
Whoa! This is like getting to be Dancing with the Stars level scandal right here.
ActDeaf in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Ellen made Black Wolf his slave. For science. I think you meant her slave.
Yeah, her. She's definitely a woman.
Yes. Definitely.
For science.
And then he said, okay, everybody go out and get more, so she took me by the hand and we found two other people, and then she handed me off to the other woman, and she took the...yeah.
There you go. Who knew that you and GLaDOS would become besties?
I know. We're buds now.
And somewhere, somewhere, distantly, I can hear the people who used to fear you as the sheriff with the ban hammer at certain other communities we've been in in the past, finding you and GLaDOS having a friendship most appropriate.
Yes.
And it's all because her husband wasn't there. He didn't make it, so, you know, she just let loose.
That's amazing. That's a great story. And this is a SiegeCon. The GDC. This is fun. It sounds fun.
And she was the only kind of voice actor. She was the only voice actor there. This wasn't DragonCon. This is the little GDC-type con.
Right. Well, I hope that she will come to GamerCon in San Francisco, where they've announced the venue is going to be in Japantown at the Kabuki in the Tomo, which is, I believe, August next year.
And she was in one of the commercials, as was her husband. I think some people at PAX got her to do the plugs for GamerCon. And I'm hoping she's there, because you know the GamerCon dance is going to be off the hook.
Oh, yeah.
And I plan to walk up to her and go, and I'll just say, hey, I'm a friend of Bobby Blackwell's.
There you go. She does know that name now. She does remember that. We've met three times, so she now knows me.
There you go. Now all the listeners are going to try that at a convention. Don't you dare.
Dude, you could tell her that you heard her on VOG Network.
There you go.
Because she did, and I know I told you this, and we haven't started putting these on the stream. She did multiple bumpers for VOG on Saturday.
Amazing.
Multiple. She did three of them.
Hopefully one of those is a nomination for, you know, Orange Lounge Radio for the podcast.
Yes, Bobby is going to get her to do it.
Hey, you know what? Whatever.
Don't vote for my show. Vote for Orange Lounge Radio.
No, they can do both.
I was at the top of Bobby's list, I'm sure, Loki.
You can do both. Come on.
Yeah, dummy.
I didn't ever do a bumper for me. It was a bumper for VOG. Because I plan to promote the whole network.
Yes, exactly. As we've been saying. Even if you're not going to vote for us, vote VOG.
Oh, I like the ring for that. Vote VOG.
There you go. Well, why didn't we think of that when it started on October 1st?
Damn it. We still have a few days left. We have until the 15th. Frisbee in chat says, Ellen bumped for VOG.
Yeah.
Amazing.
Alright, well, Bobby, thank you for sharing your stories from SiegeCon.
And, of course, you've got more interviews coming up throughout the week on your own show,
which I can't believe anybody who's listened to OLR at this point hasn't heard your show at one point or another.
But if for some crazy-ass reason they have still not heard your show, how can they find you, Bobby?
VOGnetwork.com is actually where I point everybody to go to my episodes now.
Yeah, we do that for Hoard House and OLR, too.
Yeah, because there's comment sections and people actually comment.
Last week, I put in the developer's YouTube video that I kept playing over and over again,
and the visual is just as scary as the audio for that.
And the upcoming shows next week, I have a live interview with The Game Recruiter.
He actually is the CEO of GameRecruiter.com, Mark Mencher.
He is going to be taking live chat questions as well about getting into the industry,
but I'm also going to ask him how he can stay at your job and what needs to happen to stop all these layoffs.
He doesn't know I'm going to ask him that yet, but I'm going to run it by him.
And then I've got a couple pre-recorded interviews I'm going to be playing throughout the next couple weeks.
Tom Buscaglia, who is The Game Attorney.
So we have The Game Recruiter, and then the next week The Game Attorney from GameAttorney.com.
He's mostly general counsel to a lot of independent game developers and indie game developers,
and he works with new studios on actually not letting themselves get screwed by legal documents and stuff.
So we talk about some of the stuff he does.
And then I did actually play test a game while at Siege, and I interviewed their CEO in indie game.
First-person magic game using the Crytek 3 engine.
We should have got that lawyer guy to represent VOG for certain things I won't talk about.
Well, we talked a little bit.
Oh, okay.
It's kind of funny, and also when you listen to that interview, here's a spoiler line from the interview.
He talks about how he's general counsel to a lot of people, and I actually mentioned to him,
I'm like, yeah, you're the general counsel for everybody that's here except me.
And he's like, well, maybe not for long.
Nice, nice. Very cool.
So that's all the fun stuff coming up on the Bobby Black Wolf show, and then hopefully I'll be doing more themed stuff as well.
What big interviews do we have coming up, Loki?
What do we have to compete with Bobby here on Orange Monster Radio?
What big interviews have we landed for the rest of the year?
Let's see, well, next week we've got Cliffy B and Miyamoto's the week after that.
I do want to  can I throw one more thing in? Can I take one more minute?
I suppose.
Okay, so when I got there Friday, I saw the Microsoft booth, and it was the Windows 8 developer booth,
and the guy behind it, and I was like, so, what do you do?
He's like, oh, I'm the developer evangelist for Windows Mobile programming and Windows 8 programming and blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, oh, so can I ask you something about Xbox Live Indie games?
Like, sure.
And I'm like, so, blah, blah, blah, prepaid codes, blah, blah, blah.
And I basically go through the whole thing about the prepaid codes that I know you guys covered as well.
I hadn't heard of that. Was that like a developer here that's having problems?
I'm like, no, it's every developer.
No, it's the entirety of the internet.
Yes. And he's like, I have not heard of that, but if you give me more information about it, I will start an email chain inside Microsoft.
And I'm like, okay. And so I found his Twitter, and I tweeted him the link to our article, and I'm like, it's been three weeks and counting.
Because we actually got a comment on our site from one of the other independent developers that actually posted a statement.
I saw.
About how he's stopping support for all Microsoft platforms until they fix the prepaid codes issue.
Are you saying VOG Network may save Xbox Live Indie games?
I hope so.
That would be amazing.
Because nobody else writing about this except me.
Weird.
Got Reddit love from it.
Love it.
All right, well, Bobby, we should let you go to see if anybody else is going to take a chance on calling in tonight.
But I'm really glad you did have an opportunity, whatever the reason, to come on the show and plug all the good stuff you're doing right now.
I just wanted to test your Skype, actually.
All right, well, it works.
And I like the pop filters.
Yeah. Oh, do you?
Yeah.
Some of the new stuff, our new toys, we all have the same mic now, too.
I don't know if that was out there before, but we used to have three different microphones, two different types of connections.
It was all different.
But now everything is the same.
And you guys are growing up.
And a condenser mic in the studio now.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I did that for the voiceover in the intro.
That's why it sounds a little different.
Awesome.
All right.
Take care, Bobby.
Take care.
All right, bye.
Thanks again to Brad from Pod Culture, because I know he's listening.
They're fantastic.
What, the mics?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, they're great.
And plus, I color coded them.
Did you notice?
There's the same colors that they are in the show role.
I have a green one, you have a blue one, and she's going to have a pink one.
Nice.
Which she'll hate, but oh well.
Now we need to get the fancy, like, you know how they have the blocks on there that have
the network logo and stuff?
Yes, we could do that.
That's cheesy and stuff, butcher.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio, if you want to give us
a call.
The only thing, I've got to find the stand for this condenser mic.
He sent everything.
I've got to find my old condenser mic.
I have a condenser mic somewhere.
I don't even know where the hell it is.
And you know what?
That condenser mic and this condenser mic both have the same problem.
They have crazy-ass gain on them.
They're like, that thing, if I turn that thing on, you'll be able to hear the fan going above
here.
It's crazy, but I like it.
It's just, you know, crazy, crazy.
Black Wolf is popping up in chat saying, mic flags.
That's the official term for them.
There you go.
Nice.
And then the good news is, because he sent us all those mics, we still, I mean, these
mics aren't bad that we have, so it'll be a great mobile kit so we can set up, you know,
a better way to do OLR on the go.
All right.
We'll give it one more chance for calls, and then I'm going to shut it down and close out
the show.
1877 game OLR.
Our user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
I did have another tweet topic that Tiger Claw sent.
It's not a great story, though.
It's kind of one of those.
This is really unfortunate, but I will go ahead and share it with you guys here.
This is somewhat local, too.
This happened in Hercules, California, which is one of those towns you pass going to the
Bay Area before you hit the Bay Bridge in Oakland and all that.
Well, unfortunately, the mother of Neversoft concept artist Simon Coe was murdered.
That's really tragic.
ABC News 7 was reporting that Susie Coe was found in her home Friday evening while the
family's sky blue 2011 Subaru Outback is also missing.
The police have no motive or suspects to the death.
They are asking anyone in the area with information to call the police.
510-724-1111.
That's very tragic.
I'm really sorry to hear about that.
We have a call coming in, so let's take the call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
I was also trying to call you earlier to test your Skype, but it seems it works.
Yep, it works.
Hooray.
Well, what have you been playing lately?
Well, actually, I do have a topic in mind, especially with a game that came today.
Pokmon.
It actually has gotten reviews below 8, but it hasn't been below 7.
It's around the 7 or 8 mark.
But it's something that has bugged me since I started reading and probably writing reviews.
It's that any game below 8 is automatically bad.
It's stable like that.
Why do you think that is?
Yeah.
And I don't know why.
It's something that the whole internet is like, oh my god, it got a 7.
It's bad.
I don't understand that.
I really don't get it.
Well, that's what leads to this whole artificial inflation of gamer scores, too.
I'm not talking about the Xbox kind.
I'm talking about review scores.
An average game, an okay game, should be a 5, shouldn't it?
But that's really not the way it is.
Average games in this day and age kind of tend to get a 7.
If you give a game a 5, it's a stinker.
That's why at VoG Network, we prefer to use the grading scale that you have from high schools and stuff
because the A to F scale is a little more realistic.
But here's why I think 7s also feel really harsh.
How much are they charging for Pokmon Black 2, White 2?
Aren't these like $40 games?
$35, I think.
$35.
Okay, well still, that's a big chunk of change.
That's the high end on a DS game.
Yeah, that's the high end on a DS game.
And most games that are reviewed for the console systems, you're talking $50, $60 games.
When you're going to drop that much money on a game, are you going to drop $60 on something average?
Well, it depends because if the game is fun, if the game will accomplish what it's set for, to be entertaining,
it should be worth it.
At least in my opinion.
Right.
Well, I mean, if you're a fan of a particular genre, you'll forgive a lot of flaws.
And obviously, there's Pokmon fans who are going to buy this game no matter what.
I did find it interesting though, Shane and I were texting each other a little bit earlier today.
I don't know if he's still listening.
He said he was listening for a bit.
But he was telling me that there's some online title that was released that in some ways, I guess it was only $3 in the 3DS eShop.
And in some ways, it's better than the actual Pokmon game that came out today.
Just with some of the ways it's different and so forth.
Let me see.
Hopefully, he won't mind if I read a little bit of the message here, the relevant parts here.
What is it?
Okay, he said it's $2.99 and what's it called?
Pokmon Dream Radar.
You can catch Pokmon you can't get in the game.
It uses AR like Face Raider so it's not obnoxious.
And for the most part, you never know what Pokmon you're capturing until after you catch it.
It gives it replayability.
Also, it gives me something to spend play coins on again.
I guess those coins you get when you walk and so forth.
Sounds like in some ways, the $3 title might be providing as much value as the $35 title and that's an issue.
But of course, that's one person's opinion.
Well, like I said, it can be entertaining.
The price in this case is that you're paying for...
Well, it's supposed to be a full game.
At least you're going to be playing at least for 20 hours.
You can probably play a Pokmon game in that time and beat it to an extent.
I do get the value in how much of a replay you're going to get.
But like I said, if the game is entertaining, if you can enjoy it, then it shouldn't be labeled as bad.
Especially with a 7, it should be an average.
And I do get why the game might get that score.
But telling people that it's a bad game?
It's like if I were saying that a certain game...
I won't name any game in particular, but it has good graphics, it has good music, and it's fun.
But it has some very bad flaws and it has some bugs.
But overall, it's good.
I'm going to give it a 3, for example, instead of a 7 or a 6, probably, that it should get.
Is it maybe bad in a relative sense, where this game is getting review scores that are lower than the other Pokmon games?
So either A, people are feeling burnout, or B, it's not a bad game per se, but it's a bad Pokmon game because all the other Pokmon games are so good.
And this one's not really the best in the series.
Probably a former, since most people have been talking about that.
The gameplay has gotten pretty repetitive.
It hasn't changed, but then again, if it isn't broke, why fix it?
I guess that's true.
Alright, Akdeft, anything else you want to say tonight?
No, nothing.
Just expect a few... well, a little plug here.
Just expect a few little new articles from I Love That Song.
Especially since Halloween is coming, so it will be fun.
Yep, I'm behind on posting articles, but I know you've got some great stuff in the queue.
And when all this other mess in my life is over, I'll be able to focus on that again, so it'll be great.
Don't worry about that. It will get done eventually.
Yes, it will, it will. I won't let it fall off the radar.
Alright, you take care, buddy. Thanks for calling.
You too, thanks.
Alright, bye.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if anybody else wants to call in.
Are you out of stuff to talk about, Loki? I can't remember if you had anything else left.
I was just looking at some of the stuff. Just going through different websites and stuff.
Apparently, in the manual for Pokemon Black 2 and White 2, they have an advertisement for the Pokedex 3D Pro.
It's coming November 8th, and for $15 on the eShop.
That's why the old one's no longer available. It all makes sense now.
I see.
See, over 640 Pokemon in full 3D. Yeah, that's worth 15 bucks. Fuck you, Nintendo.
So there's that. There was another thing I saw. There was another hack on the Vita, actually.
Because I do follow Dash hacks, and they post that stuff.
It's been not patched, but they removed the game that had the exploit for it.
But it allowed people to run a custom firmware for the PSP on their Vita.
So they can run a custom firmware for 6.6, and it'll actually allow you to run ISOs for the PSP and stuff.
But of course, they've removed that game off of the PlayStation Store, so you can't get it.
And unfortunately, that was the whole issue where someone leaked part of the guy's hack, and so he left the community.
And now, because of that, there's not really going to be a jailbreak on the Vita yet, at least not by that method.
Alright.
Well, it is 9 o'clock, and it looks like no more calls are coming in, so I guess we're going to close up the Skype line.
Thanks to those that did call in tonight, and if you think of something a little later on, you can always email us.
Mailbag at OrangeloungeRadio.com, or of course, there is always Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R, or our Facebook community at Facebook.com slash OrangeloungeRadio.
But it is time to wrap up the show tonight.
I want to thank all you guys for listening this week, be it live or on our podcast feed.
Remember, if you like the show, all we ask, help spread the word about the show, leave us a nice review.
Wherever you happen to be listening to this show, be it through iTunes or Stitcher or Recommendation or what have you.
There's the award stuff I've talked about plenty tonight.
And yeah, just please help spread the word about the show.
We'll be back to do it again next week with Dark Sakura.
She'll be back from Disney next week, and who knows what will happen in gaming this week.
We're starting to ramp up into that really busy holiday time of year.
So out of all those games coming out, it'll be interesting to see which ones we play.
And by this time next week, this play stuff I'm doing will be over with.
So I'll be able to kind of focus on this stuff again, which will be great.
Uh, Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I don't know why I keep getting updates for Stitcher on, um, there, you freaking app.
Bye-bye app.
What happened?
I don't know. It's somehow Stitcher added itself to my Facebook, and I keep getting, like, updates for, like, Stitcher stuff.
Oh, maybe because you voted in the award thing or something. Who knows?
Oh, probably. Thank you!
You can all, if just, you know, although we like Stitcher, you could always unlike it after voting if you need to.
So, alright.
Alright, uh, my final thought tonight is, um, seeing Loki's McDonald's bag makes me think that I just impromptu had McDonald's for breakfast yesterday and a sausage biscuit.
Good times. Totally not healthy, but good times.
I just got a free, was it? Free McFlurry.
Ooh, we playing Monopoly?
God, it's so pathetic. I've gotten McDonald's the last few days because I ran out of stuff to make lunches with, and it's literally almost the same game pieces every time.
I'm like, they're not even trying anymore. It's like, there's, like, no, I've gotten Boardwalk, or done Boardwalk Park plays, like, three times already. I'm like, fuck this.
Because they want to get you really excited about maybe having that million.
Oh, yeah, I'm totally gonna win one million dollars. Yeah, it's like...
Which is payable in twenty yearly installments or something, so it's like...
Hey, I don't care. That's still a million dollars.
Still a million dollars.
I don't care. That's fine. I'll take that.
Alright, thanks everybody for tuning into another week of Orange Lounge Radio. We will be back next week to do it all over again.
In the meantime, continue to support independent podcasting, and we'll see you next week. Bye, everybody.
Views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Fogg Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
