George, Lounge, Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, October 14th, 2012, an upcoming holiday game is leaked a month early, Valve is looking for some hardware testers, and could you soon feel temperature in your PlayStation controller?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio with this episode number 477 for October the 14th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours here at vognetwork.com to talk about video games and gaming culture and so forth with my co-hosts.
Sadly not with us tonight, yet again, DarkSakura, not here in studio, which I know a lot of you in the chat room might be going, wait a minute, she's right here.
Well that's the magic of the internet you see. She's sick today. She caught Disneyland plague or something. She caught the gay.
She went to gay days at Disneyland and wouldn't you know it, she walked away with a horrific case of the gay.
And so she will not be here tonight, but she is in chat if you wish to say hello and feel better and so forth.
Anyhow, with us tonight in studio we do have Techmaster Loki. Hi. How are you, Loki? I'm alright. I have a cold.
You have a cold, but it's not the gay. It's not the gay. Alright. The gay doesn't make you all stuffed up, I don't think.
I know, I definitely have the gay because I'm sounding a little sick today, but I just blew out my voice over on Friday, but I'll talk about that later.
Anyhow, also say hello too. We have a guest host here. We love it when he's available and on standby. Say hello to Alan.
It's me again. How are you again? I'm good. What's new with you since the last time we talked to you?
Not much. Working, working a lot. I wanted to pinch hit last week, but I had to work. My amazing boss got me the day off.
You gotta make the money. There you go. And so actually it looks like your horrible terrible boss is in chat right now if you want to say a few words. Not kidding.
I'm giving him a hard time on purpose.
Alright, um, let's see. What else do I need to plug here at the top of the show? Oh yes, be sure you listen to us live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Or VOG Network dot com. Home to a variety of great geek shows. Not just video game shows. I think that's important to point out is that we do have some awesome video game shows obviously with this one and Bobby and Girls Gone Wow and Hardhouse.
We also have some non-video game shows. Things like Understation Live, Pod Culture, Critical Myth, British Invaders, Out of My Jam Session, etc, etc. Lots of good stuff.
So it all goes down at vognetwork.com. I was going to come with a kickoff topic tonight, but I neglected to think of something because I'm a little bit, my voice is shot tonight.
Because, and I think a lot of other shows on the network have been talking about this, Understation Live, and I just mentioned this on Bobby's show before, and I think I mentioned it on here too.
I was asked, I was fortunate enough to be asked to be the director of the Return of the Rocky Horror Picture Show here in Sacramento, and while it went marvelous on Friday, it was very exhausting.
I also emceed the show. So I'm basically screaming obscenities into a mic in front of a crowd of 400 people, and it felt really good.
It's not like what I do.
Kind of. Kind of. On this show every week. Except I could see them. I couldn't hide from them.
I could see them too.
I knew you were going to lose your voice, so get damn close to it, because when you were shouting your intro, there was a part where you literally, like, you blew your voice out. Like, we could hear. That sound wasn't like...
Yeah, no, and I think I even cracked a joke, like, oh, I didn't mean to go into puberty on stage or something like that.
Yeah, it was like, he's not going to enjoy that the next morning.
It was bad. It was bad, but we're okay. Well, I have a crazy idea for a topic, okay? Here's a kickoff topic, my crazy last minute topic tonight.
So we know that this is the season for video games to become movies, because I don't know what it is, but every October, well, I do know what it is.
It's the fact that October is kind of the month for Hollywood to release their crap films, which usually includes the video game movies. Like, you know, all the Resident Evil movies come out late September, October.
We're getting Silent Hill, and I'm not saying these movies are crap, but Hollywood kind of views them as crap, because they're kind of in between this summer blockbuster and Oscar nominee.
Oscar season starts at Thanksgiving.
Exactly, so most video game movies end up coming out in the October season.
Well, I think, you know, if they were actually supposed to be crap, they'd be coming out in January. I think that it's just a good time. I mean, the two movies that came out video game-wise this year are both kind of monster Halloween-y movies, sort of. I mean, Resident Evil's more of an action movie, but...
But there's the Transylvania Hotel or whatever, and the Frankenweenie and all that stuff's coming out.
Wreck-It Ralph very soon, actually. Although, technically, it's a November movie, and I think they're just... Wreck-It Ralph, I mean, here's the thing about Wreck-It Ralph. I know we're all excited about Wreck-It Ralph, right? Because it's Disney and it's video games.
So, obviously, there's a great cross-section here that this show represents very well that is very excited for Wreck-It Ralph.
But I think for... I'm not sure how it's gonna do in the mainstream. I think it is still kind of a risky thing for Disney, so I think that's why it's not their Thanksgiving movie or their Christmas movie.
But it's kind of that odd little place. It's in a place where it will either flop horribly and disappear. I don't think that'll actually happen.
Or it'll catch on and be able to sustain itself through Thanksgiving, because that's sometimes what a lot of family movies do.
Family movies don't always have the huge opening weekend and then disappear off the map like October movies, like Paranormal Activity and stuff do.
These movies tend to have consistent... They're not number one, but they're number three or something four weeks in a row.
And that's kind of where I think Wreck-It Ralph's gonna end up. At least I hope the movie does well.
I think it's gonna do better than that.
The funny thing is I think it's gonna be a lot of parents who are actually into it because of all the Nintendo references and things they remember taking their kids.
I think it's truly a movie that's geared towards both, and there's a lot of people that are excited about that.
Anyway, I got on a tangent talking about Wreck-It Ralph. What I really wanted to ask about was since we're in this time of year where we talk about video game movies and so forth,
I just finished doing a stage show. So what video game do you think deserves a stage show? What video game deserves an adaptation?
It doesn't have to be a musical, but think Broadway style. What video game do you think should become a full-fledged on or off-Broadway production?
Well, they've already kind of done this as a video, but Buggy Saints Row. Because that video was hilarious. Because it was done Broadway style. And it was hilarious.
So I'd go for that and have a bunch of people doing the artistic dancing and singing and stuff like that and have video of Saints Row being buggy.
Or you can even do Buggy Driver 3 because Driver 3 is probably very, very, very, very buggy. I want new music for that though.
Alan, what would you want to see on Broadway?
Maniac Mansion.
That's probably almost too easy of an answer.
It was a TV show at one point, right?
Yeah. Or my troll answer is Echo the Dolphin.
That wouldn't be a Broadway production so much as it would be like the tank show at SeaWorld.
It'd be like Ice Capades. Someone comes out in a dolphin suit. They're swimming through rain.
Hey, hey, hey. Are you saying that dolphins can't ice skate? Because I want to see that.
Okay, they don't have to ice skate, but they can hop up and slide across the ice and then slip back into the water.
Alright, let me get some answers from our chat room. I'm gonna go with the I can't believe Alan didn't say this answer.
Mass Effect? Hello? Should Mass Effect be a musical? Come on.
You can't do those effects on a stage. That needs a movie.
That would be amazing.
It would not be amazing.
Let's look at some of the answers from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Wicked says Final Fantasy 6 the opera scene. I think that's a very, you know, well, I mean technically it was an opera.
So it's like now you're talking about the play that became the video game that became the play.
That's like Street Fighter 2 the movie the game type of thing.
Dark Sakura is in our chat tonight saying Clu Clu Land. How would that work? Somebody would just pole dance on stage.
Clu Clu Land would be a showgirls type thing.
Irritating Stick. Katamari Damacy.
Oh wow, that would be a hell of a stage show.
It's like Lion King right there. It's like some crazy, crazy stuff.
Someone like they're going to come out of there and be like, did I just drop acid or something? What happened to that?
Stan in our chat room says Space Channel 5 should be on Broadway.
Now there you go. There is a great musical idea.
That could actually work, which is kind of sad.

Sad in an awesome way though.
Let's see, SSG100Matt says Parappa the Rappa.
Let's see, Stan says in Chicago they've done a Mario Burlesque show. Same with Zelda I think.
That's just cosplay strippers. I mean come on, that's all that is.
Burlesque show. Okay fine, let's just add some class to that. It's a fucking cosplay person stripping.
Hey now, I have friends that do burlesque that would take a lot of offense to what you're saying right now.
Good, I aim to offend everybody.
You are so rude.
Well, here's the thing. At least you can say this, if the burlesque community has done it, you know what other communities probably done it?
Drag queens. So my question is, has there been a Mario or Zelda drag queen show?
Alan, you used to live in the city and go to these shows. What was the craziest drag queen show you saw in the city?
They were all really amazing actually. One time I went they did Ziggy Stardust album from start to finish.
Smashing Pumpkins, Drag Tribute Night. It was amazing.
See, when I think of drag queens, I don't think of Smashing Pumpkins.
That's why San Francisco is more alternative.
Oh, excuse me. San Francisco's hipster drag apparently.
The whole cabaret, the greatest love of all, you're not going to find that there.
Rama in the chat says, Loki, I know people that do cosplay burlesque, dude.
Burlesque stripping, fine. Are we really just going to like...
Are you telling me that the end of the show that they don't end up with less clothing on, therefore they are stripping off clothing? It's the same thing.
Alright, let me get to a few more answers here in chat.
Frisbee says they've already done a Phoenix Wright musical in Japan. There's that movie coming that I keep forgetting is like a thing.
So I hope I get to see that soon.
Let's see if there's any other... Jessica Harper from Understation Live says, Crazy Taxi. It's one hell of a taxi ride.
Can I have a Crazy Taxi musical? There you go.
I want to change my answer.
Okay, what do you want to say?
Out of This World?
You know that French game?
Yeah, I think Jamie did that as a classic game once, yeah. Good answer.
Awesome. And DJ Morpheus in chat says, I saw a peach drag queen at New York Comic Con.
Actually, I got to say the peach drag queen thing has been done at several conventions. I've seen that.
So, there you go. Thanks to the wonders of the internet. Whenever a dude dresses up as peach, it's always on the internet the next day.
Alright, there you go.
So in our kickoff topic, we managed to talk about burlex shows, drag queens, musicals, and offend people.
There you go. I'd say kickoff topic well done.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games we've been playing this week.
Alan, I usually let Dark Sakura start. She's not here. I'll let you start. How was your gaming week?
Good. Mass Effect 3, the DLC that came out, I've been playing the hell out of that.
You guys talked about it a little bit last week. The Collectors, which were the antagonists in 2, are now an enemy class that you can roll into in the multiplayer matches.
And I unlocked the Volus Adept, which is an ultra rare and seven unlockable character.
And I'm sure saying Volus Adept is the same as saying Pineapple Toaster Oven to most people in our listeners.
Pineapple Toaster Oven? Awesome! I like pineapple and I like toaster ovens. Sounds amazing.
I unlocked one of the new coveted secret characters.
How about a toaster oven that cuts the pineapple for you? So you don't have to.
I played some Black Mesa Source a little bit, but not as much as I have been because I already went through and beat it and I'm waiting for them to patch in the end of the game.
Mass Effect Infiltrator, because about three weeks ago I upgraded my phone. I now have a Galaxy S3.
I believe Bobby Blackwolf got one about a month ago.
So I downloaded the Infiltrator Mass Effect game for it.
It looks gorgeous, but it controls so bad that it makes me angry that I spent the four bucks on it.
It controls so poorly for me that it makes me feel like...
If you've ever had someone, like you show them a game like Saints Row or Grand Theft Auto and it's someone who does not play video games and you have the controller and you're like,
okay, here's how you move and here's how you get in the car and then you just drive off a cliff.
The first thing you do is they just die because they don't know how to play games.
Infiltrator controls so poorly that it makes me feel like I'm one of those people.
And I told James about it and he has it on iPad and he said that he made himself beat it just because he has a boner for Mass Effect.
And he's like, oh yeah, the game's a total piece of shit. I can't believe I beat it all the way through.
I really wanted to like it. There's a lot to like about it. Like for a phone game, it looks really good.
Yeah, it looks like Mass Effect. It's an over-the-shoulder action game.
Because it's all with your thumbs. You just swipe to... it's horrible.
Stop trying to make touch gaming happen. Like it sucks for some of these hardcore franchises.
Well, Fruit Ninja, yes. For whatever they're doing in that game, no.
That's really it, I think. Oh, and Tiny Tower. I know a lot of Tiny Tower, which is like a two-year-old iPhone game.
But since you're coming off having the phone that doesn't even have a QWERTY keyboard on it, too.
I had the Blackberry equivalent of the Nokia brick. You know, the classic, you know, you throw the Nokia brick at a car and the car explodes.
And the brick is fine. I had the Blackberry equivalent of that. And now, so going from that to this Android ice cream sandwich.
Ooh, you know, little laptop in your pocket is quite a change.
Yeah, in Tiny Tower, I give all of my stores perverted names. The laundromat is called the Stank Panties.
I've got... the TV studio is named after a porn website, which I'm not going to say. So it's porn studio because of the name I gave it.
So yeah, it's good times. Good times killer game.
Now, just to fan the flames of this, what made you decide to go with the Galaxy S3 on the day the iPhone 5 came out?
To be pragmatic about it, you represent the Apple portion of this household, which is fine. I'm not hating on that.
But it's like, if we want to be, you know, the ultimate geek duo, we need Android representation up in here so that people can come to us and they will ask Rob the Apple questions, they can ask me the Android questions.
If I want to be pragmatic about it, make sure all of our braces are covered.
That is the best possible answer you could have given. Good job. This is why I keep you here.
So I will investigate whatever it is that you don't like.
Alright. Loki, how was your gaming week?
So when they ask you about the Apple stuff, like, why should I get an iPhone 5? Because it's new! You gotta get the new thing.
So this week I've actually been trying to catch up on a lot of stuff that I haven't been playing because I've been playing a lot of Minecraft or whatever.
So let's see. This week I played some Vita stuff. That was also another thing. I wanted to play games on the Vita because I haven't been and it was sorely neglected.
So I tried out a couple demos I had. First, Gravity Rush, which was pretty cool. Just not really something, I mean, it's a good game but it's not something I'm going to be playing because I just don't want to play a lot of different games right now.
I've already got plenty of my play right now but it's a unique looking game. It was fun. So I played that. I played Little Big Planet Vita. Well that was something I was like, oh, I'm probably going to get this but then I played it and it's Little Big Planet.
It's great but it's got, you know, the Vita gimmicks that you kind of expect in there and I was just kind of like, eh, it's another Little Big Planet game. Probably won't play this so I'm not going to get it.
That's kind of a bummer.
Well no, it's not that at all. It's a good game. It's just, I have Little Big Planet 2 that I haven't played. Why am I going to buy another Little Big Planet game that I probably won't play?
I need to finish other games first before, you know, I'm just trying not to get into that mode of like, I need to get all these games because they're good.
Then I'm going to be sitting on all these games that are good and not have time to play them and then more good stuff is going to come out and I'm not going to have time to play that.
I ended up, you know, there's a ton of games I have that are really old that I haven't played yet like 3D Dot Game Heroes. I've lent that out to so many people and I have yet to play that game.
It's a good game.
It is a good game. I know it's a good game but that game came out around the same time as like Red Dead Redemption or something and it was just like, ooh, Red Dead Redemption, you know, and I just kind of lost track of that.
We have a new story coming up later and maybe I'll mention it to them but there's this really good, really, really good sale going on right now on a bundle of games and they're like all things that people tell me I should play and I've missed.
And it's like, wow, for a very, very, very small amount of money I could like catch up on three years worth of gaming.
And for that amount of money I think it's a good deal even if you don't play them because that amount of money for one of those games is so-
We're getting ahead of ourselves though, sorry.
The game I actually did want to play and I bought it mainly because it came out on this platform first was Retro City Rampage.
I've been looking forward to this game forever now and they have the whole cross-buy thing on the PlayStation Network so you can get it for your PS3 and Vita so I bought it for my Vita and it's fantastic.
If I didn't have a cold, you know, at the point when I was playing it my body was aching and my eyes were just like burning.
If it wasn't for that I would probably have played a lot more of it but it's a fantastic game and there's just so many homages to everything.
It's just crammed full of just so much fan service and just like oh my god I remember that and even stuff that will probably fly over your head but it's a fantastic game.
It's just basically the best description I read for it was someone says the developers love letter to the industry for all the 8-bit games that he played and stuff like that.
It even has modern references and stuff in it but the story is just throwaway. It makes no sense whatsoever but it's got everything and it's seriously a great game.
So I am looking forward to playing that on my PlayStation 3 hopefully but on the Vita it's still pretty awesome.
Although the game does tend to make the screen a lot smaller like in different sections of the map and stuff like that.
So playing on a Vita, I'm sure it's not so bad on a TV but on the Vita the screen gets really small so that might be something that might turn people off from it but it's a fun game.
Especially if you like Grand Theft Auto 1 and 2 it's very much like that but even if you don't like Grand Theft Auto it's still a great action game with all sorts of crazy stuff in it.
From Bionic Commando to Bill and Ted to Back to the Future. It's great.
And then of course more Minecraft. I played a lot more Minecraft. I fished up my castle basically.
I don't know. Come join the server if you haven't yet.
And then Call of Duty we bought Map Pack 2 so we're going to start playing some new maps because we're just kind of getting bored of the ones we were playing.
Once again tried doing another streak week. Missed it by another game. Oh well.
Getting close. Getting close.
And what else? I think that was it actually. I think that was all the games I played.
So Alan you'll get a kick out of this. You know how the live listeners will understand this. Podcast listeners I apologize for a minute but we're having these stream dropouts.
It looks like it's happened twice. And yeah we just so you guys know we actually purposely left the internet off for an hour today while we went to go run errands.
The cable modem and the router off for an hour.
Let's do a complete power cycle of every damn technological thing in this house so OLR can stay up with no downtime tonight. Now we're on 2.
So it's like it is not in this house. Like the problem is not in this house. The problem is Comcast on their end.
Spell hey you know why you guys keep dropping our stuff.
Well I wonder if it's not because sometimes I see that we're still sending data and they start complaining in chat that it dropped and I'm like it didn't drop because I see that we're still sending data.
Because if Comcast goes down then our net should stop working. I should get booted from IRC. All of that should happen.
So that makes me wonder is it our stream provider that's really having the issue.
But it doesn't happen to Bobby.
That's right it doesn't happen to Bobby.
He's on it for an hour.
So what the hell is the problem?
Could be our is he where is sorry forget it all. Where's where's where's it located. Where where are we piping to right now.
That's a good question that I don't know the answer to that maybe Bobby does.
Because if it's in the Midwest or the South it could be our connection to there and he's you know Anna.
It very well could be. Let me see if this tells me where we beam the show to because I'm actually not sure.

I know but you know what deal with it.
He says New Jersey so you would be infinitely closer.
Oh yeah so for us if we're piping in New Jersey then there's yeah it's probably the stream weird to us.
This is New Jersey so no wonder the streams oh stop it.
Who else do you want to offend tonight while we're at it.
We're still early and we haven't even started story.
You've done burlesque people.
New Jersey not saying there's anything wrong burlesque burlesque is awesome.
Because it's once again women stripping off their clothes which is you know that's fine.
I think really the only difference between burlesque and strippers the strippers kind of go all the way whereas burlesque is more of the teas and stuff.
Yeah but they're still stripping off their clothes.
They're just they're just like you know skin Amex strippers versus you know the stripper strippers.
I guess.
Oh boy all right.
Who spilled Jager and spray tan on the server rack.
Moving on to my gaming week.
I had a very dark soccer week.
My gaming week was very dark soccer.
Does everybody know what that means.

That's right I played him.
No no no that's that's dark soccer circa 2009 gaming week.
My gaming week this week was I played a lot of wow.
I did some dailies and you know just I shouldn't say a lot of wow because I didn't play a lot of wow but I played you know because I've had weeks where I played a lot of wow.
But this is not one of those weeks but I played enough wow to do like a few dailies here and there and so forth.
And then I played Mass Effect 3 because as Alan mentioned the new DLC went up the multiplayer DLC and it's very well rounded.
It's got a whole new class of aliens that you can fight the collectors from part two.
So that breathes new life into it.
It has some new classes.
It doesn't matter because I won't be seeing them anyway because I never get that stuff in my premium specter packs but I did finally get one of the ones I really wanted.
It's called Cerberus Adept and I've been playing that class a lot because he's the guy with the whips and you're just like Hulk smash Hulk smash everything and it's great.
Vanguard's like that too.
Yeah it's awesome. Like we were doing a multiplayer match earlier with some friends and one of my friends was like who sent the body flying out the window.
I'm like me. So yeah Mass Effect 3 multiplayer is still really fun and I like that they've staggered this content a bit.
So like what is it every Tuesday we're going to get just a handful of new things right? Every Tuesday for a little while? That's awesome.
I don't know if they're doing it because there's 16 new kits where a kit is a character within a class.
So we got four of them. There's supposed to be 16 so that's only a month's worth if they're going to do four a week.
They should probably do every other week.
Maybe every other week. That would make it.
Because next weekend should be the next scenario challenge because they do that every other weekend.
And the other big thing they added is they have kind of like mini achievements now. Like it kind of runs on a similar system to like achievements or trophies but you're not unlocking official things.
They're not game achievements. It's within the multiplayer. Like you've used biotic charge 30,000 out of 50,000 times.
So when you hit the 50,000 and then you can unlock titles that appear next to your handle in game lobbies.
So kind of similar to like Street Fighter IV has that kind of similar idea there.
So that breathes some life into it too because it's like oh now I have all these things to work for.
Because if you've been a person that's been playing Mass Effect 3 multiplayer since launch which there is a lot of people that have been.
You've probably got all the other achievements by now. I mean there's not a lot else to work towards.
Alan, heck you haven't even been playing since launch but you're in seven score is what 800 and something now?
It's like 820 now. It would be higher but when I do golds and silvers I'm usually on a level 20 and they don't gain XP.
Oh okay. I see. Gotcha. Alright. Alright well that was my gaming week. So let's move into some housekeeping.
We are on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We are on Facebook. Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
I believe today or tomorrow, I think it's tomorrow, is the last day to nominate us for the podcast awards.
So please for your consideration, Best Gaming Podcast and the Stitcher Awards also going on right now and I think they end either tomorrow or Friday.
So please consider a nomination for us there as well for Best Gaming Podcast. If for whatever reason you don't want to vote for us that's cool.
Please support one of the other shows on the VOG Network or at least bare minimum support Indie Podcast.
And then Stitcher I believe it's every day or every day you can vote.
You can nominate for Stitcher every day. You can. So podcast award is just one nomination.
So we'll keep our fingers and toes crossed and let you know what happens either next week or in a couple weeks when those nominations are announced.
Remember you know usually I hate the whole begging for votes thing but it really is good exposure and these guys you know as much as some of these big podcasts are fine.
The NPR podcasts are great. Like wait wait don't tell me he's a great show. The Adam Carolla show is a fine show if you like him and all that.
But the problem you know they don't need the additional exposure. They have plenty of corporate exposure and stuff so we really want to see the indies succeed in these.
Because there's a lot of really good indie programs too. Just like there's good indie games.
Anyhow let's move on to the news. Oh wait no one other thing I got to plug. Very important.
I always like to plug the shows that are kind enough to invite me on as a guest. And I was a guest this week. I don't know how I fit this in this week but I did.
I was a guest on Nerdgasm Network their gaming show. It's episode 54. I don't think it was on their feed yet when I checked because they are having some website up seas and down seas but it will be you know very soon.
Nerdgasmnetwork.com so take a look for episode 54. I was on it. And I felt really bad because I had to go before they were done but it was just that kind of week last week.
So hopefully they'll have me back at some point because we had some funny in-jokes that were going on there so I had a good time.
So you'll hear more about putting it all out on the table and I'll just leave it at that. Alright let's get into some gaming news.
And Burlesque Top I guess. Yeah yes. Actually very similar to Burlesque but in a different way. Let's move on to gaming news Loki.
So it's another year so another Microsoft game has been leaked. Hurrah! Apparently Microsoft is investigating a report of Halo 4 being leaked and they're working with law enforcement to address the issue.
And you know there's images being surfaced on social networking sites depicting retail discs and a dashboard featuring the game ready to play blah blah blah.
It's already leaked. Yes it's absolutely 100% been leaked. It's out there.
And of course you know they're like well we're clarified with that's actually it's been leaked. 100% it's been leaked. Okay.
Has it been leaked? It's been leaked. I don't know that much more you can say other than it's pretty good.
And also I guess some other information. Apparently the game is going to be on two discs. The second disc is going to contain installation data for the multiplayer stuff and once you've installed that then you can actually play the game with the first disc.
Kind of like Forza 4. Now Loki help me understand something. How are people able to play this game before the release date?
Uhhhhh. Piracy. Oh. Okay.
But piracy is bad. It is bad and they will get banned if they go online. That's it. And Microsoft called the po-po.
Oh yeah. They're really investigating it. They're asking for it.
Look. Obviously they're going to say you know they're going to invoke the police because and you know it is a crime. You can poo poo it all you want but stealing shit is a crime. Right?
So but what will the police really do to investigate you think? Do you think the police is coming after little Johnny Pirate that went on the Pirate Bay and downloaded the program? Or do you think the police are looking more into how the leak happened?
I think they're trying to find out how it got leaked.
Well then the police aren't doing a very good job. I hate to say it but let's see Gears of War 3 leaked. Halo 3 leaked. Like every big Microsoft title leaks. Did Fable the Journey leak or did that just slip off the radar?
No. Any title like out there. Any title that's being released is leaked usually a week before it comes out. And the reason that happens is because that's how the shipment schedule is for retailers.
They usually get stuff you know Monday prior or you know if it's you know direct retail partners like say GameStop and Best Fies and stuff like that. They're getting their product probably the week before on Wednesday or something.
Now here's how I think this happened. And this is totally speculative. I have no...
This is not the week before. Halo's not supposed to be out till like for like three weeks.
Yeah exactly. Here's how I think it happened. Well a couple of ways. One, someone nabbed a copy when they were pressing it. You know an actual copy out of the duplicator.
Or this happens occasionally. The warehouse that ships the product, the Microsoft product, will misship something and accidentally send something early. Like way earlier than they were supposed to receive it in.
For example you know personally we had some Skylanders stuff you know for the new Skylanders Giants that they accidentally shipped us earlier than it should have been. Like about a week earlier. Which is usually unusual.
Well lucky you. Some lucky asshole got me Halo 4. You got Skylanders.
No no no. We're not doing anything with Skylanders. But I'm just saying it happens. There's been Microsoft released games in the last few weeks. We had Fable and then next week we've got Dance Central 3 and then we've got Forza Horizon. So there's going to be a lot of Microsoft shipments in the next few weeks.
So perhaps one of those got out and somebody unscriptedlessly bought it or got a copy and put it out there. Or who knows. It could have just been somewhere else. An employee. You never know. Because it's one of the biggest games.
This and probably Call of Duty Black Ops 2 are going to be like the ones. The scene groups out there fighting each other. Who's going to be able to release it first. And you know it's all bragging. All E-peen bragging rights basically. Like oh I'm playing Halo and you're not. So that's it.
So here's the question I have to ask. How can Microsoft stop this? How can Microsoft stop that leak from happening?
They can't. They have to be more secure about how they duplicate their game. Just the whole handling process of it. The way other publishers do it. At least they try to prevent street day violators is by delivering a product as late as possible to those retail chains.
So we're talking like you know getting a day early instead of a week early. That type of thing. But obviously it's something like this. This hasn't even. I mean as far as we're aware this hasn't even hit the retail chains yet. This is just some screw up somewhere where something either got shipped way earlier than it was supposed to or someone internally leaked it out.
That's the problem. But the team they have they've had problems with leaks just in the last few years all the time. I mean was it last year there was Gears of War 3. Remember that game got leaked down the Web. You know by Microsoft or I'm sorry it was a third party review company or some garbage that they were saying.
But basically the actual source code and I or it was like the source code in something was leaked out and you can actually download it off of an unencrypted Web site or something. It was just ridiculous. So yeah it's not good but I don't think it's really going to hurt them in the end. I mean they're still going to sell a buttload of those.
Yeah I mean the reality is you kind of have to ask yourself if you're going to download one of these games and so forth. Am I the type of person that sits there and goes aw every time I hear one of these stories about game developers closing or why did Big Bad EA close such and such developer or you know so forth. Yet I'm not allowing said company to make money. You kind of can't have both right.
Now I don't think people have to get paid. Yeah I don't think that's fair though. I think what you're basically saying though those are a lot of these secondary companies and stuff and some of it has nothing to do with you know how well the game sold for they need to cut profits because it didn't sell as many copies as they thought it would not necessarily because piracy ate up you know hundreds of thousands of copies.
I mean because once again that's assuming that every person that pirates something would have bought the game regularly. I bet you a lot of people that pirate the game are probably just they want to play it early and they're going to still buy their preorder when it comes out or you know they were never going to buy the game in the first place and they would have pirated it when it came out.
You know normally it's just that's once again you can't the industry can't just assume that each one of those is a lost sale as much as I don't want to agree with you I think I actually kind of do I think a vast number of people who pirate games were never going to buy that game in the first place.
I'm going to tell you this much. They only download it because they can. Exactly. And you know I I did with grant the thought of four grand thought of four came out it leaked down the Internet one week before it came out. I still bought the game. I want to play it right now. I want to play it as early as possible and so I did. I played it a week early but who cares. I think I've more than paid for it. I bought what six copies of the game when it came out and it's six copies of episodes from Liberty City when it came out and six copies of the first deal.
See before you know the episodes from Liberty City stuff came out. I think they got my money. So I don't feel so bad about you know playing the game a week early. I think this is why the industry is very eager to get on digital distribution.
I think this is why you see some companies may be rushing digital distribution and really trying to push it more and more is because if you think about it digital distribution is a great way to curb piracy.
It won't stop it but it would stop these leaks from happening because essentially you've cut out the entire process of printing the disks and the going gold and shipping and the problems there. You're cutting that all out.
No leaks out even earlier than games like this. Xbox Live arcade games. Wow. They leak out even earlier. No why. Why have access to partner net still people download them off partner net and they put them out.
They crack it and put it out. Yeah they crack and put out so digital distribute the people are going to find ways around everything. All they want to do is to cut out the mailman with that stuff so that means more profits for them. It's not going to curb more piracy people are going to find a way no matter what.
I mean no matter what they put out there people are going to find a way. But a game like you know Halo 4. Yeah it's going to get part of it. I mean all the games get pirated but I don't think that they're going to sell like it's not going to be like oh crap.
It didn't sell at all. That's not going to happen there. No one's going to shut down 343 studios because it didn't sell because of all piracy. It just ruined the whole game. No it's not like that. There's not that many people you know compared to the millions of people buy that pirate games is such a small section but they would want you to think it is because you know they got to blame their loss of sales on something.
Do you think though that if this hadn't happened maybe they would have sold a quarter million more copies. No because if this hadn't happened it's going to leak out again when it comes out and the same people will pirate it.
Rama in our chat room says Halo 4 could come out at $19.99 and yet it will be pirated. Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com follows that up with iPhone piracy is rampant and that's 99 cent apps. I think that's a perfect example where it's like people do it because they can.
I mean if you're given someone the option to get some free versus paying for it. Why wouldn't you get it for free. I mean I understand that there's this whole morality of oh well if I don't pay. I mean they try to push this shit on you even in legality. You are taking a risk. I understand that but it's just OK.
It's it would be like I don't know it'd be like walking into a department store and all sudden there's like hundreds of looters inside there and they all scatter in every single direction. Good luck catching every single one of those. I mean it's a risk but you know the officer is not going to be able to catch every single person.
It's kind of the same way piracy. Yeah people get nabbed every now and then but there's so many people and so much piracy happening that you know it just has a hole like over everything that you can't catch everybody. The best defense is to stop the people that upload them in the first place and then there's nothing for them to pirate.
You know what though I think I could look you in the eye with a straight face and totally mean it and say you would never catch me down there being one of those looters. I just think it's wrong.
And like I would never participate in a looting event like that and I really believe that about my character like and I'm not trying to say like I'm better than anybody else or whatever but I know like they had a situation like that happen in Britain.
Not that long ago like there were these huge riots and all these things and there were these looting and you know a bunch of kids got caught went to jail and all this stuff and I remember looking at it going what a bunch of fucking thugs.
I wouldn't be one of those thugs. That is ridiculous that stuff. I mean my analogy was that there's how do you go after everybody. You can't. Yeah because yeah as a literal metaphor I don't really think that's the best comparison.
There's a huge difference between the plausible deniability of maybe downloading a torrent from the privacy of your own bedroom versus throwing a chair through a storefront window.
Of course once again the video game industry or the movie industry would like you to think that that's exactly the same thing.
Yes. The great debate that will never end. But maybe this is why we see more free to play games happening because it's like fuck it. We'll make our money other way.
No seriously that's a great idea. As long as you could secure DLC. But that's a great idea because then it's like fuck pirated as much as one gives me copies out there because that's more people that can buy the DLC for it.
And that's why I think it is more popular approach because it gets the game into more people's hands and more people want to try because it's free there. I if it sucks whatever I just delete it you know.
And that that's why I think it is a good way to go. But then again at the same time some of these companies are getting greedy and they're taking the free to play model for their paid games and that just pissing people off even more and they're like fuck you I'm just going to not only am I going to pirate this game but I'm also going to pirate all your DLC.
Alright well moving on. This piracy debate will never be settled so I'm going to go ahead in the interest of time and move on with the news.
But what a great segue talking about a game that a lot of people probably just should have pirated. Let's be real it wasn't very good. No I'm kidding. I'm trolling I'm trolling.
But pirated DLC and all that definitely goes with this too. It's Street Fighter X Tekken.
I'm sorry you can't pirate something that's already on the disc.
There's a whole nother argument we could save for another day. Is it piracy when it was on the disc anyway? We'll save that for next week.
Alright but moving on. This wasn't on the disc what I'm about to talk about. It's a free what they call hefty like the trash bags hefty update later this year.
It is supposed to rebalance the game, provide visual and mechanical tweaks which I find interesting that they're going to actually tweak some of the visuals.
Every character in Street Fighter X Tekken is supposed to get some type of balancing tweaks and so forth. Including Ken, Kazuya, Kami, Julia and so on and so on. Lots lots.
Also don't forget Street Fighter X Tekken is coming to the Vita. I don't know if that means these same balancing things are already in that finished version or if there's a day one patch or whatever.
But that is due on October 23rd as a reminder that's just around the corner Street Fighter X Tekken on the Vita.
Didn't that game flop?
I think flop is a strong word but I think it.
Just perform as well as they'd probably hope.
Word of mouth from friends who are usually like Capcom for life and just the reviews are like this is not very good.
What I'm really curious about is where's the other half of this because we were supposed to be seeing Tekken cross Street Fighter and I'm wondering.
I think it's still a long way away.
Namco just started working on it this year.
Wow.
Like began.
They already had their we're gonna Tekken tag too so.
Maybe they've been kind of developing them side by side.
They have the engine now they've made the engine so it's been.
This wasn't the their joint project for this was announced what two or three years ago right.
I think when they did the press release the Namcom is making one and Capcom is making one.
Yeah that was two or three years ago.
But yeah no.
Namco has only just now started even designing the game.
So maybe next year or the year after.
We'll see maybe maybe it'll be on the next generation of consoles maybe this is a PlayStation 4 game troll troll.
Although yes they were busy if they wait too long it's going to have to be if they wanted to sell but anyway let's move on.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vog network dot com use the pass phrase crown.
Do you live in the Seattle area.
If so no.
If you do you might want to head over to a valve software's website and take a little play tester survey.
And see if maybe you could become a hardware tester for their valve appliance which clearly exists in some form though.
They haven't given it a name and we don't know what exactly it has a fridge.
I hope it's a pineapple toaster oven.
So yeah and if you are in the Seattle and Bellevue area is it is that right.
They're looking for hardware testers and there's just it's a questionnaire.
How long have you been gaming.
Are you a completionist are you an achievement hunter.
How often do you unlock hundreds of everything.
How often do you beat like it.
Do you beat completely every game that you play from start to finish.
You would be qualified for this Rob.
Shut up.
Well you can expect people that go into this to have to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
Up through the teeth.
And you can expect that those will be broken.
Wait.
So from whatever however many months ago that they were looking for hardware engineers.
They have an alpha clearly that they are they want people under lock and key to go check out.
Very interesting.
Whatever their steam box is.
I look forward to what leaks out of this.
Moving on Loki.
Alright.
So of course remember that there was the announcement that Sony has bought Gaikai.
And so now Gaikai's website they've been updated to kind of resemble a little bit more of the PlayStation lineup.
You see images of living planet as well as uncharted and looks like kill zone in there as well.
They have some skills from Metal Gear Rising Revengeance.
And you know they didn't really say you know what any additional details or something.
But obviously it seems like this is something that's going to be offered as part of the PlayStation platform soon.
So you can probably expect some game streaming either by the end of this year or maybe an announcement E3.
Nothing else.
Unfortunately around the same time though.
So Gaikai they've kind of found themselves as part of a patent lawsuit on a Delaware company called T5 Labs.
They filed a suit against them.
I guess their patent for providing a system and methods of sharing and graphics processing unit between plurality of programs.
That's the patent.
Now I'm not sure if this is just a patent troll company or if this is actually a company that does this stuff.
But I'd be willing to bet it's probably a patent company.
So they have no comment on it but there is the lawsuit in place.
Is this what really put on live out of business.
Because I would have thought if anybody was going to complain it would have been you know one of the other companies that deals in this you know same technology.
I just you know I'm willing to bet the T5 Labs probably hasn't put anything out.
You probably can't even find them on the Internet.
I'm going to even check that out right now.
Let's see T5 Labs.
Let's see are they even a part of the Internet.
Here we go. T5 Labs dot com and.
And yeah it looks like they've got some just crappy flash animation on here.
But it's implied that it has to do with games because.
Because they've got static TV and it's tied to a server and what games do they make.
Oh good. They have these the whole Star Wars scroll on here because that's not annoying to read.
T5 Labs enables people to play PC games on their existing set top box.
There's the service operates on the video on demand client type system and says T5 Labs patent pending technology allows the system to work on the ultra low latency.
We call it instant gaming.
So it well that does sound like it does seem like.
Well it does seem like then that they are actually making something it's not a patent troll company.
So I guess I am corrected.
All right. But that is is refreshing to see that they're not just a patent troll.
All right well moving on.
I guess I'll troll you all by talking about Mass Effect because you know we don't shut up about that on this show.
I know you're a big fan of this.
Well Alan are you looking forward to the Mass Effect 3 Omega DLC.
Why are you so excited about that.
Because it's Carrie-Anne Moss.
She's going to fucking shoot bitches in the face.
She's like fuck you. I'm Carrie-Anne Moss.
Like Carrie-Anne Moss was in the Matrix which was cool like 12 years ago.
She was also the mom in that Shayla Buff movie and I saw that.
Oh and she I think she's in the new Silent Hill movie as well actually.
Okay.
Yeah I think she's one of the crazy cool I think she plays the villainess I think.
Yeah.
So where was the Borg Queen last time. This time it's Carrie-Anne Moss.
There you go.
Well anyhow I suggest you do not fuck with Aria in the Mass Effect 3 Omega DLC.
Which they are saying will be double the size of Leviathan.
Leviathan wasn't that big of a DLC campaign though.
It really wasn't.
Now Lair of the Shadow Broker is still the one that they need to beat as far as quality and length.
Because Lair of the Shadow Broker in Mass Effect 2 was a badass campaign from start to finish.
Yeah Lair of the Shadow Broker was great.
And especially if Omega is going to be kind of like a hub like the Shadow Broker Lair was that you got into.
Yeah.
That would be great.
Omega was probably one of the best design places in the entire trilogy.
Because if you're a science fiction geek like I am a lot of the design was based off of, oh I'm blanking.
Harrison Ford in the 80s. Blade Runner.
A lot of Omega is based off a lot of the scenes in Blade Runner.
And the music was amazing and I'm really glad that we're revisiting this place in 3.
Also the big news about this DLC.
Female Turians for the first time you're going to see.
Yeah.
Now.
Fans are wary.
There's always the comic books and so forth where they've shown up.
But the first time in the game is certainly a big deal.
Yeah.
The fans of course want to see.
When you say the fans you mean who?
Tumblr?
BioWare forms?
All of that.
The fandom.
Because a lot of people want to see female Turians because the entire trilogy.
How do Turians have sex?
Because clearly they're all men everywhere.
People are worried that they're just going to put a Turian head on tits armor.
And be like, there it is.
They're fucking reptiles they shouldn't have tits.
Thanks BioWare.
I'm interested to see what they do.
And when you're talking about all of it you've researched the fandom through extensive online research right?
Yes.
I track Mass Effect tags on Tumblr.
And what sorts of things do you participate with in the fandom?
I just reblog stuff and favorite stuff.
Have you ever written a fanfic?
No.
No I don't.
Have you ever read a fanfic?
I've read some hot M. Shenko stuff.
What was your favorite M. Shenko?
I think it was Caden was jogging through the citadel in booty shorts.
And everyone was catcalling him and Shepard was all flustered and offended.
Caden was like, I don't know.
I can't believe you actually had an answer for that.
That's great.
Anyhow, just trolling you live on air.
Anyhow, also apparently about this new DLC, one of Mass Effect 2's characters, Zaid Masani,
is supposed to return in this.
I don't remember him being in 3.
No, he was in 1 quest, wasn't he?
Yeah, he's in the quest with the little Volus from 1.
That's right.
And he's in the refugee camp.
You can talk to him.
Yes, Zaid sucked anyway.
Sorry, this is my opinion.
$15 for the DLC, which is on the pricier end of Mass Effect.
Absolutely.
Is that more than Shadow Broker was?
Was Shadow Broker $10 or was Shadow Broker also $15?
I think it might be $8 or $9 now.
I don't know how much it was back in 2011.
Well, it's going to cost you $15 now, so hopefully there will be enough to substantiate that.
Now, if you look at the multiplayer, even if you don't play multiplayer at all, which,
if you don't, I do think you should give Mass Effect 3 a shot.
If you're scared that like, oh, I'm going to suck at multiplayer or whatever,
or I don't like first person shooters or whatever, I do urge you,
give Mass Effect 3 multiplayer a shot because the fact that it's all co-op based
gives it a much different feeling than playing Halo or Modern Warfare Online.
I've never had a bad experience, but I'm on the PC model,
which is probably the smallest base of all the multiplayer because they're not integrated.
PS3's got its own thing and XBLA's got its own thing.
Believe it or not, on the 360, I've never had a bad experience.
Go figure. Outside of connection issues, but it's better on the 360 than it is on Origin.
But that's another story. Anyway, the new DLC gives you a great idea
of probably what you're going to see in this Omega expansion.
I mean, I can't see how they're not going to use the collector stuff.
I mean, if they've done all the work to put them into multiplayer,
I can't see how they're not going to show up somehow.
It'd be very easy to justify in the lore.
Yeah, I was going to say, even though Cerberus took Omega,
I'm sure there's a way to work it.
And Cerberus... I'm going to get so nerdy in the ending of 2.
Cerberus took the remnants of the collector base at the end of 2,
even if you blow it up, they still have it.
So they could be controlling the collectors now,
or the collectors show up and ambush both you and Cerberus.
Either way.
Shane Alinko in chat says they say that it's Cerberus, Rob, for Omega.
So that means nothing but Cerberus is going to show up?
Yeah, but that could be the plot twist, that the collectors are there too.
But yeah, all through 3, Arya talks about how it's Cerberus.
The Illusive Man kicked her out, and she's pissed.
And then, of course, maybe some of these other weapons
that have been showing up and so forth, and even maybe the maps,
because multiplayer maps get used in single-player sometimes.
Yeah, a lot of the multiplayer maps are unique to multiplayer, though.
Not originally.
But you definitely see some multiplayer maps,
or you see some single, like in the Leviathan DLC,
I could have sworn one of those maps looked a lot like one of the multiplayer maps,
but it was just kind of different.
It was a different layout, but kind of like the same assets.
Anyhow, all right, enough Mass Effect talk. Loki's getting bored.
I'm sorry, I just totally tuned out that whole last segment.
All right, hater, let's move on.
Maybe you'll be more interested in what Alan has to say.
Remember Darkstalkers?
2D fighting game, really creative characters,
really underrated franchise.
Well, Capcom is bringing it back.
Darkstalkers Resurrection was announced at New York Comic-Con this past week,
and it is a HD cleanup of Darkstalkers 2 and 3,
and it's bundled together in one pack, similar to Marvel vs. Capcom Origins.
And also, if you remember the Final Fight Magic Sword combo,
where you can have it look like an arcade cabinet or you can have it be full screen,
it's going to be a package like one of those.
And it's going to be, I think, 1200 Microsoft points or 1499.
So, yay, Darkstalkers.
Were you a fan of Darkstalkers?
Oh, I had a modded Saturn, Sega Saturn, and I imported Darkstalkers 3.
Nice.
Because it used the 4-meg RAM cart for the people that played X-Men vs. Street Fighter on the Saturn,
if you remember that.
It supported the 4-meg RAM cart. It was arcade perfect. It was gorgeous.
Do you think you'll be picking this up?
I'm going to say no, just because how often do I turn on the 360?
Seriously.
Fair enough. Well, if they ever shut down the Mass Effect 3 servers,
maybe you'll have a reason to.
Yeah, it's possible.
Mass Effect 4 Xbox exclusive, what are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
I'm just kidding. I'm trolling them.
Didn't they announce a new Darkstalkers game, or was this all the announcement was?
I think they were teasing that something was going to happen,
and I think this is that something,
but obviously I think it's trying to either get people talking about Darkstalkers again,
or to gauge interest for a new Darkstalkers.
I kind of think this is where Capcom's going.
I think there's interest to get this franchise revitalized,
and I'm sure this is a big step in either getting the awareness out there
before a possible E3 announcement, or gauging it in the first place.
A lot of people don't realize,
well, the real people who've been with Capcom since the beginning will know this,
but the combo system used in X-Men vs. Street Fighter,
and the combo system used in Marvel vs. Capcom,
the light, light, medium, medium, hard, hard,
where you do the zigzag across all six buttons,
that chain combo system, that was done in Darkstalkers.
That's the engine that they did that crazy combo system in.
Wasn't that also Killer Instinct? You could kind of do that too?
Those were weird, like Link.
Those were very specific things you had to do.
When you say zigzag combos with the six buttons, that's honestly what I think of.
I think of Killer Instinct before I think of that, but I get you.
All right, well, let's travel around the world
and look at some release dates of some games coming out near you
a little sooner than Darkstalkers, perhaps.
Let's start with the US, Loki.
All right, so let's see here.
This week, we have quite a few things coming out,
starting off with Rocksmith, guitar and bass.
Technically, it's like the first game with the bass expansion,
but they've got that coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC,
as well as bundled with an electric guitar.
Dance Central 3 coming out this week on Xbox 360.
Mugen Souls on PlayStation 3.
Also, let's see here.
We've got 007 Legends on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
What else here?
Doom 3 BFG Edition on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Noomba Fitness Core on the Wii and Xbox 360.
Jeopardy on PS3 and 360.
Wheel of Fortune also on PS3 and 360.
Silent Hill Book of Memories for the Vita.
Man, that's been delayed forever.
That's finally coming out.
That was delayed quite a bit.
Yeah, because I don't think it was very good from what I hear.
Maybe they made it better.
I certainly hope so.
Otherwise, it's going to be kind of a disappointment.
Not that I'm not used to them being a disappointment.
Let's see, what else?
I do know that one week from today,
because they have to launch it on a Sunday because it's so special,
Skylighter Giants coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS,
and I think that's it.
Also, they're going to have a portal owner's pack
in case you think about the first game.
So that would be it.
All right, let's travel to Japan and look out there.
Actually, wait, I want to read a comment from chat real quick.
Tigerclaw in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
when are they going to do a rock smith for keyboards?
Like, keyboard smith.
If they do that, I am so there.
Like, I'm not that interested in learning how to play guitar, honestly,
but I used to play the organ,
like the double-decker pianos with top and bottom.
I used to play that when I was younger, like way younger, like 5 to 10,
and I can still kind of hunt and peck my way around a piano or whatever,
but if they were to do this so I could, like, refine my skills,
I am so there.
If I could, like, you know, because I really enjoy it in Rock Band 3.
I really do.
Remember the keyboard main that they had for the actual keyboard?
It was on PC?
Yeah, I do. Yeah. I didn't own it, but...
Did you ever play Rock Band 3?
Of course I played Rock Band 3. I loved the keyboard mode in Rock Band 3.
Yeah, and then there was Keyboard Mania, of course, many years ago in Japan,
and that was fun, too.
That was always my favorite of the Moana games,
even though it was horribly neglected.
Anyhow, let's go to Japan and check out some games coming out over there.
Monster Hunter Frontier Online Forward 5 Premium Package on the Xbox 360 on the 17th.
That is also, I guess, coming...
I guess there's a bundle with Xbox Live Points you can get, too,
I guess, for some of the transactions in the game.
Well, I think Monster Hunter Online for them is actually a monthly fee.
Oh, okay, so that's probably a points recurring fee.
Dance Central 3 gets a Japanese release on October 18th.
Darksiders 2 gets a Japanese release on October 18th,
as does FIFA 13 World Class Soccer.
Again, those are all Xbox 360 for the few 360 owners in Japan.
Interesting about Dance Central 3, I'm imagining it's got to be the same song list.
I don't think they localize for the area or whatever,
so don't get excited if you're a J-Pop fan.
I don't think there's anything to look for there,
but interesting that they got such a quick turnaround.
It is very disappointing that they don't have Wild Wild West like they do,
or just Dance 4.
On the PlayStation 3, Darksiders 2 and FIFA 13
also coming there on the PlayStation 3 on the 18th.
Let's see, going to some of the handhelds.
On the Vita this week, FIFA 13 is there as well,
and The Legend of Heroes Zero no Kisuke Evolution comes out on the PlayStation Vita.
Just saying, if you haven't bought the Vita version of FIFA 13,
you may want to hold off.
Why is that?
It's exactly the same as FIFA 12.
Oh, I thought that was the Wii version.
Both of them.
Oh, no.
Bastards.
And lastly on the Nintendo 3DS, Project X Zone on October 19th from Namco Bandai.
That's pretty awesome.
Those are your Japanese release dates.
Alan, would you care to take us to the land of all things Britain?
Sure.
And UK-ish?
October 15th has The War Z, or The War Zed, coming out on PC.
October 17th, we've got Serious Sam 3 BFE on Xbox 360
and The Unfinished Swan on PlayStation 3.
19th of October, 007 Legends on 360 and PS3.
Dance Central 3 on the 360.
Doom 3 BFG Edition on the 360, PS3, and PC.
Madagascar 3, the video game, which I'm sure is going to be the best game released this year,
because movie tie-in games are always phenomenal,
on 360, PS3, DS, PC, 3DS, and Wii.
Those big cross-platform juggernauts.
RockSmith on PC.
Skylanders Giants on Wii, iPhone, 360, PS3, and PC.
Street Fighter X Tekken on the Vita.
And that is it.
Just a few more news stories for you guys,
and then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer isn't here, so we're taking over.
See what we picked in a minute.
But first, Loki.
Apparently, SingStar is going to be a free-to-play game pretty soon.
Which kind of makes sense, because when you buy SingStar, you get some songs,
but it's basically just a platform to buy more songs.
If you look at Rob's library, that shit ain't free.
Shut up.
Hey, don't be a jealous hater, because I have SingStar Abba, which is awesome,
SingStar Queen, which is awesome,
and SingStar 1 and 2 on the PlayStation 3, which are okay.
And how many songs a la carte that you've bought?
Enough.
Enough to have a party.
Enough to entertain my guests when there's a SingStar.
And I've been collecting them since I lived at that house with John.
We don't really have parties here in the tiny apartment,
but when I lived in the house with John where OLR was in the garage studio,
we used to have SingStar parties, and we had a good time.
And a lot of those I bought on sale, to be fair.
I bought SingStar Queen at the local flea market for like eight bucks.
How are you going to say no to that?
And it was new.
It was brand new, still wrapped.
Apparently you still need the microphone, obviously, to play the game,
but I guess there is a message now popping up on the SingStar games.
They're basically saying the complete SingStar experience will be available
as a free download very soon.
And apparently they're going to offer that as a download,
and then you buy the song separately, I guess.
Which I think that's kind of cool, because if you think about it,
they did something similar with the PSP version of Rock Band,
where they had a demo that you can get, and it came with a couple songs,
and then you just build your own rock band library.
Instead of paying 40 bucks or whatever for the game,
you can save that money and buy 40 bucks worth of songs that you want to sing.
Maybe you don't like all of ABBA's songs.
Maybe you only like a couple.
You buy a couple ABBA songs, and you buy some Britney Spears or something.
I'm sorry.
Who the fuck is going to be satisfied with only a couple of ABBA songs?
If only a couple ABBA songs is what it takes to satisfy you,
get out of here.
Maybe those people want to spend their money on Queen or something like that.
Look, if you're on a limited income, then I understand.
But you need to set up your monthly ABBA plan to get you on your path.
Good idea for Sony?
I think it's a good idea.
Might as well.
They haven't really done anything with SingStar in a while.
I think it's a good idea, because it's going to get more exposure for people,
and because the SingStar games don't really sell that well.
I mean, they really don't.
They don't?
No, they don't.
I bet they do overseas a lot better.
They probably do overseas, but honestly,
karaoke games don't do very well.
But everybody's got a USB microphone,
especially those wonderful Logitech microphones that they put in everything.
They work on pretty much all systems.
So you get one of those in a throwaway game,
like Truth or Lies or something like that.
I don't know.
And you've got a SingStar mic.
Well, actually, no, those SingStar mics are different.
But still, I mean, you could find a bundle for SingStar
for, like, dirt cheap somewhere.
I'm sure that, like, a GameStop or Walmart or something
has them in their dump bin.
Just go looking for it.
All right.
Well, let's move on to one more story about, you know,
this always pisses people off when there's content on the disk
that they call DLC, and you have to pay to unlock it,
which, you know, we started using the term pay-to-unlock content
instead of DLC for certain things.
Well, when it was discovered that Resident Evil 6
has some things locked away on the disk,
everybody was like, oh, here we go again, Capcom.
Pay-to-unlock DLC.
But apparently Capcom announced that the things that were found on the disk,
including no hope difficulty level and co-op for Ada Wong's campaign,
these will be freebies, and they will be a free title update coming soon.
So no word if they only made it free because they got caught.
Or I actually, you know, all trolling aside,
I can see the value of doing free DLC
because it extends the life of your game past the first week,
especially in the very busy holiday season
where there are so many games competing for your attention.
I can actually see the value of this.
So, you know, I can't believe I'm about to say this,
but good on Capcom in this case.
It's just so they can release a gold edition of the game later on
with the actual stuff unlocked already.
That's what they did before with Resident Evil 5.
Remember they had all that, like, PlayStation Move updates?
Just reprint all of it and put it in the new gold box?
We'll put it in the gold box and we'll sell it again and people will buy it.
I mean, that's what's going to happen.
Now it is coming out that there will be paid DLC,
but it will not already be on the disk. It's coming later.
So, all right.
Let's move on to a time when there wasn't even a Resident Evil 1 yet.
I don't think when this game originally came out.
Maybe one was out. I don't know.
There was.
There was a 1. All right.
But, okay, back when the Resident Evil series was good.
There was no download content.
That's right. There was no download content.
When Resident Evil 2 was going to be on the N64. Remember that?
Oh, yes, I do. I do.
It's a classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer. She ain't here again.
So we've snatched her pick away from her
and we've picked an awesome game in her place
that we think you guys should be playing this week.
And we gave it to Alan this week.
So, Alan, what is your classic game of the week?
Well, usually when I do this segment,
I do, like, old Sierra Online PC games or, like, LucasArts.
So I wanted to give consoles love this time.
And I wanted to do something handheld
because I don't think handheld gets that much love in this segment.
So I chose Legend of Zelda, Oracle of Seasons, and Oracle of Ages
for the Game Boy Color because they are super awesome.
Legend of Zelda, Seasons, and Ages came out together, obviously,
because you can play one, you get this huge, massive password code
that you then plug into the next game and then you continue the story.
And once you beat both of the games,
so you play one, you get your code, you play the other one,
then you get to fight Ganon, who's the secret boss,
and then you get to see Zelda proper and you get the real ending.
And one of the big deals about this game
was the fact that Nintendo did not develop or design it.
They let a subsidiary of Capcom, called Flagship,
write and code and design the game and Nintendo simply published it.
And I think that may be one of the first times
Nintendo has ever let a blue chip franchise
be in the hands of someone else.
Now it's not that rare because Sega has done stuff
and there was that Metroid game that was done by Team Ninja.
This game came out in the US in May of 2001,
which was the month before the Game Boy Advance console proper came out.
So this is one of the last games for the Game Boy Color
before that generation was phased out and the Advance took over.
Some of the best Game Boy Color graphics that you'll probably ever see.
And even looking on the YouTube, that looks pretty good.
It's like eight colors, I think, on the Game Boy Color.
Yeah, so if you play one game,
some of the items that you get are upgradeable in the second game.
There are a lot of little side quests and little...
Look at these little cartoony cut scenes too for Game Boy Color.
Yeah.
So if you play both games, depending on which order you play them in,
you can upgrade certain...
Like the hookshot and bloom ring, certain items you can upgrade
to a tier that you couldn't normally get
if you bring all of your equipment and stuff over into the next game.
In Oracle of Ages, there is a time mechanic
where you speed up time or slow down time to get past...
To solve certain puzzles in the dungeons
or on the overworld to actually get into the dungeon.
In Oracle of Seasons, you have a rod that will...
If there's a river, you'll make it winter
and the water will freeze so you can cross the river.
Stuff like that.
Was this the game that had the advanced dungeons
or was that one of the other Game Boy games?
That was Link's Awakening DX, wasn't it?
One of them you could plug into the Game Boy Advance
and then there would be this special...
Actually, maybe it was the Advance Shop.
I think it was something...
Because you say this one...
Because I remember playing it
and this was right on that cusp of when
the Game Boy Advance first came out, right?
Yeah, it was a month before.
So, you know what? I think it was this game.
Because I think I remember playing it on the Advance
and the Advance had some special little thing in it.
I'm not sure about that.
I think you're thinking of the re-release of Link's Awakening.
Maybe I am.
Somebody in chat will correct me.
That's the lovely part of doing a live show.
One of the awesome things about the Legend of Zelda handheld games
is that...
Nintendo, Miyamoto has even come out and said this.
In the handheld Zelda games,
they will allow themselves to do things with the franchise
and with the mechanics and the story that they simply can't do
on the console versions.
Because the console ones are obviously the big deal.
Now with Twilight Princess and Skyward Sword,
even Wind Waker,
they still find ways either with the art direction
or the werewolf mechanic.
They're always coming up with stuff to keep the series fresh,
but you're always going to have the three medallions,
you're always going to have the Master Sword,
you're always going to fight Ganon.
There are these staple things that are always in those games.
In the handheld ones, like Oracle of Seasons and Ages' Minish Cap,
Spirit Tracks, Phantom Hourglass,
that's when they really get super creative
with the world of Hyrule
and the stuff that you can do.
They usually introduce a lot of new characters
that you'll never really see again in the handheld games.
Link's Awakening, with the fish or whatever that's sleeping,
that whole plot was inspired by Twin Peaks.
Do you know it? Because you're a big Twin Peaks fan, right?
Yes, I do.
Yeah, so that's just an example of how Zelda really shines
in a lot of unique ways on the handheld systems.
Now, I did some research, and the Advanced Shop was
Oracle of Ages and Oracle of Seasons.
It was a shop. It was not a dungeon.
I think I called it the Advanced Dungeon at first.
That's probably what confused you.
When these games are played on a Game Boy Advance,
there is a shop.
They have two seed rings and a gasha seed.
Depending on the game, it's either the GBA time ring
or the GBA nature ring, while the other is a random ring.
Oh, yeah. Oh, that's right.
I remember it's right here in the article.
Since this was so close to the Game Boy Advance release,
if you played it on the Advance in addition to that shop,
the graphics were also much improved.
So they had obviously not Game Boy Advance quality graphics,
but the color palette and the clarity of the pixels,
they actually was coded onto the Game Boy Color cartridge
to be read by the Advance.
That's awesome.
So, yeah, if you look this up on YouTube,
try to find the Advance run-throughs.
As far as how it played, again, it's Legend of Zelda.
If you've played Minish Cap, Link to the Past,
the first Zelda game, you know, overhead,
big expansive map, you go into dungeons,
you have to beat the dungeons in a certain order
because the items that you get in the dungeon,
the treasure is what you'll need to solve puzzles
in the dungeon after that, and so on and so forth.
The main antagonists, I believe, are Twinrova.
I think the double witches could be wrong there.
It's been so long since I've played this.
But, yeah, there are these...
The oracles are these ladies that you meet
when you're transported to these new worlds.
These games don't take place in Hyrule
like a lot of the handheld games.
So, yeah, they are in danger, and there's...
Naru is one, and Din, I think, is the other one.
So you rescue them, and then as you progress through,
you beat the one game and you play the other one.
And you do figure out finally how Zelda and Ganon
and the Triforce factor into it.
They're a lot of fun. If you're a big Zelda fan
and you haven't played these, you're missing out.
All right, good pick. Your classic game of the week,
The Legend of Zelda, Oracle of Ages, and Oracle of Seasons.
Two games for the price of one.
Yes.
All right, thank you very much, Alan. Good pick.
I think Jamie would be happy.
All right, well, that's going to do it for Part A of our show,
but don't go anywhere. We've got plenty more show to come
as we get back, including some rapid-fire news,
the FUGO Question of the Week, and some interesting rumors
about Miyamoto's new direction.
And an event coming up appropriately named Fuck This Jam.
We'll talk about that. It's not our event. It's somebody else's.
We'll talk about that a little more when we come back
after a break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with the 477th episode of our show
here at vognetwork.com, The Voice of Geeks Network.
And looking at the chatroom during the break there
at live.vognetwork.com, looks like Bobby's talking to some of the people
in there about his experience with the drill
and some of the band stuff that he does.
I know he does a lot of that stuff professionally.
Little-known fact, I did marching band in high school, too.
I played the clarinet and did a lot of those field shows.
And it had me thinking about that video.
And surely you all have seen this by now.
It was all over Facebook.
Even people I know that aren't that into video games were posting this.
Did you guys see that Ohio State marching band show
where they were doing the tribute to all the video games?
Surely you guys saw this.
Logan, you see this, Allen?
No.
You didn't see it?
When they did the Galloping Horse, it blew my fucking mind.
I know. It was really amazing, some of the stuff they were doing.
Now, you know, having done field shows in the past before,
and I'm sure Bobby can attest to this, too,
I'm sure we're not the only band nerds
that happen to be into video games and all that.
I'm sure there's plenty more band nerds out there listening to this show.
But it is a lot of work,
because you not only have to memorize songs,
but you have to memorize where on the field you're going.
It's not the hardest thing in the world.
I thought it was easier than memorizing lines for a stage play.
But it's challenging.
And I have even more respect for that video after seeing it.
That was an amazing little piece.
And it also made me super jealous that we didn't get to do that
when I was in high school.
Amazing.
Jessica Harper from Understation Live is in our chat room
at live.vognetwork.com and says,
I was, however, the drum major my senior year.
I feel like she's told me that before, and I forgot.
And that's awesome, because I tried out to be drum major,
but I wasn't picked.
Somebody else was picked.
I'm a drum major reject.
And now look at me. I'm on a podcast about video games on the internets.
Anyhow.
Drum major reject.
That'll be the title of my first album, Drum Major Reject.
All right.
Well, I'm glad Jessica could achieve where I clearly failed miserably.
All right.
I apologize again for my voice, you guys.
I am kind of struggling through tonight's show.
I've already had a hot cup of coffee and a throat-coat cup of tea,
and it'll fix it for about 30 seconds,
and then I go back to,
My voice has got to scratch.
So I will do my best.
This is like the worst possible thing that can happen to a radio guy,
but I will do my best to try to get through the next couple hours here,
or not next couple hours, but next hour or so,
of the show for you guys,
because we have plenty more gaming news to talk about.
And we're going to start off with some rapid-fire news, right, Loki?
That is correct.
So let's talk a little bit about this really cool sale
that they've got on Amazon right now.
It's a bunch of Square Enix games,
and I think it's a great deal.
It's 10 bucks,
and you basically get Deus Ex, Human Revolution,
Augmented Edition,
plus the Missing Link DLC, Hitman Blood Money,
Just Cause 2, Just Cause,
Quantum Conundrum, Supreme Commander 2,
and The Last Remnant.
For $10.
And the sale is running through October 20th.
It expires at
11.59 PM Pacific Standard Time,
so go get it,
because, I mean, that's
seriously a great price.
Yes, this is a sale we were referring to in Part A,
and I gotta say, kind of once, actually.
Yeah, it's called the Absolutely Great
Square Pack from Amazon.
And these are all the PC?
All PC.
Yeah, The Last Remnant, which, you know,
was their exclusive RPG for the 360,
which was a huge pile of shit,
if you have a good PC, it plays fine.
So the technical issues that it had
on the 360 are on PC,
and you should actually play that game, because it's good,
and no one would ever know, because it was so awful on the 360.
So, overlooked,
Square RPG.
Agdeft in our chatroom says,
Amazon won't let me buy it.
I wonder if that's the Mexico thing.
Maybe it's a deal that's only good in the US.
That kind of sucks for those
that are in other countries. I'm sorry.
I don't know what else to say.
It sucks.
Actually, you know what?
It may not be available anymore. It says currently unavailable.
Maybe it sold out.
Maybe so many people jumped on it.
And here's the thing, too.
The DRM on it was Steam,
so you were getting some sort of codes or something.
For a lot of games.
Oh, wait, wait.
I see it right here. Actually, no, I'm sorry.
It says unavailable, but then there is this
buy and download thing.
Let's try clicking that, just out of curiosity.
Just come on.
No, it will not let me.
During some of Steam's
really insane 99 cent sales,
this happened with GTA 4
and Ballad of Gay Tony.
They had a note.
We don't have codes.
We ran out of all our codes,
so we have to contact Rockstar Games
for 20,000 more codes.
That could be the issue that's happening here.
Well, they may have had limited copies,
and then once they hit all the blocks, then...
Well, that sucks.
AlphaCananagram in chat is saying
don't know if Loki said, but
feel free to use the code
S-Q-R-L-U-V-I-O
to take $2 off any digital video games
purchase. Code will expire
when this product becomes available for purchase again.
I wonder if that means Amazon
didn't intend for this to happen
or something weird is going on.
I don't have that code either.
Very strange.
These bastards.
Alright.
I bet you're mad for waiting now.
Check tomorrow.
Oh no, I do see that.
It says currently out of keys.
Back in stock soon. $2 promo.
There it is.
Just give it some time
and keep checking back, I guess.
Great deal.
Either way.
Either way.
Alright. And then, of course,
we have to talk a little bit about
some DLC and Sleeping Dogs.
They're going to have quite a bit of
DLC soon. Starting next week,
they're getting some
street racing DLC. It's going to add
some new street races
in the game, I guess, for $4.
That's what's going to run you.
It's going to have three new races across
land and sea. And also,
I guess, there's some new street
racer DLC that they're
I guess they're adding a new motorcycle
as well.
And a new outfit
that boosts, I guess,
defense against gunfire and accidents.
Then there's also going to be
some DLC on the
30th that's
I guess it's sort of
similar to like, they're kind of
comparing it to Undead Nightmare for
I don't know if there's zombies in it or not, but
it's supposed to kind of tie in
with Hong Kong Cinema.
I guess the beginning, it's Nightmare
in Northport.
And it'll be some
horror-themed thing that says
with the DLC we can
explore other aspects of Hong
Kong Cinema.
So, no idea what exactly
that is or how much it's going to cost,
but that's going to actually be story DLC
that's going to be coming pretty soon.
And last but not least,
DLC for Borderlands,
which by the way, if you haven't heard
yet, that free DLC
that if you bought the, or pre-ordered
the game and you got the premier club or whatever,
they actually released the
extra character class early.
So that came out last week, so that's
pretty awesome.
Another game I really need to go back and play some more.
But first piece of DLC
coming on the 16th,
so this Tuesday, it's Captain Scarlet
and Her Pirate's Booty.
And that's coming for
10 bucks,
or if you want, you can buy a season pass
for 30 bucks and you get four pieces
of DLC, so, you know, 25%
off. And really,
I mean, if you played the Borderlands 1
and played all the DLC in it,
you know it's going to be good. So,
I'm sure that
the DLC will be pretty awesome. I'm still waiting
to hear on
how it goes and maybe I'll have to
plunk down the 30 bucks for a season pass.
Alright.
Well, going into
news on a game that I really should
check out at some point because I did love
the old series and I hear it is kind of
a, you know, newer version of that.
I just haven't had the time this week to
pick it up, but it is XCOM
Enemy Unknown. The revival
of XCOM. Well, there's a pretty nifty
Easter egg in the game that allows you to bring
in super soldiers. You can
put in certain names and they
activate XCOM Heroes.
I don't know, for some reason it makes me think of
NBA Jam when you could put
in certain combinations that would unlock
Bill Clinton and Scorpion
and shit. That was awesome.
So, I don't know. But here's the type
of people you can unlock here.
Sid Meier.
Ken Levine. I think
that's awesome that they put Sid Meier in there.
Joe Kelly and Otto
Zander are apparently all super soldiers
so far.
Apparently the one little trick to it
is that once you summon the heroes,
the achievements are turned off.
So if you want to go for achievements
don't use this little cheat.
But maybe once you've beat the game
and got the achievements you want, go back
and play as Sid Meier. For the lolz!
Moving on
to a Street Fighter movie
that apparently is not being made
in Japan.
This is a Brazilian
artist. That's pretty cool. Victor Hugo.
He's a real big fan of
Street Fighter and he wants to do
this movie that he calls somewhere
between next gen fighting game and Hollywood
animated movie.
He's teamed up with an animator friend to make
Street Fighter 3.
It's a fan flick
and it looks really, really
nice. Especially in these little
posters. It looks even better
than like
Frankenweenie or one of those movies that's
in theaters. It's a really neat art style.
Kind of impressive that it's
only these two guys.
Even more impressive that Capcom hasn't
shut it down yet but maybe the fact that they are
in Brazil makes it complicated.
Good luck to them.
I really would not have
brought this up because I hate giving this
attention but it is a slow news week
so I will quickly say
PETA put out their little spoofs this
week of Pokemon Black 2
and White 2. It was a little spoof
game that they put out. Here's their statement.
Enjoy this
from PETA.
Much like animals in the real world
Pokemon are treated as unfeeling objects
and used for things as human entertainment
and as subjects in experiments.
The way the Pokemon are stuffed
into Pokeballs is similar to how
circuses chain elephants inside railroad cars
and let them out only to perform
confusing and awful painful tricks that
were taught using sharp steel tipped
bull hooks and electric shock prods.
If PETA existed in Unova
our motto would be
Pokemon are not ours to use or abuse.
They exist for their own reasons.
We believe that this is the message that should be
sent to children.
Now Pika Pii!
I just want to remind
you guys PETA is clearly trolling
with this. Look at that statement.
Over half of the
statement had nothing to do with the
game they were putting out. They used
half that statement to talk about the whole
circus and the elephants and all that
stuff. It is all about
attention. I mean clearly
they play Pokemon.
They understand Pokemon because they know
about like the Pokemon world.
They said if PETA existed in Unova
they didn't say if PETA existed
in the Pokemon universe or if PETA
ruled Nintendo. These people
know what the fuck they're doing by getting
attention. Congratulations.
You picked the right
week to do it at least if nothing else.
Alan. I
played PETA's Cooking Mama game
from Thanksgiving and
whoever they contract to do their
Shockwave games, some of them are actually
kind of good. That almost
is the reason why these things are worth
covering because as much as they are
trolly and it's like
you just roll your eyes at PETA
they are really
high quality trolls.
Yeah, because the Cooking Mama
one was how to make a Tofurky
in the vegan Thanksgiving.
You click and drag the food ingredients. I'm like
this is a pretty well done little Shockwave
game.
Do you
remember playing on the Genesis ToeJam & Earl?
Because I do.
The sequel ToeJam & Earl and Panic
on Funkotron are going to hit
the PSN and
XBLA online stores on November
6th and 7th respectively.
I never played this because
at the time I was at the age where
I was really kind of butthurt.
It's basically
a 2D side scrolling platformer
and the original ToeJam & Earl
was like an overhead sort of adventure
game.
So yeah, if you're a fan of ToeJam & Earl
and want some vintage Genesis
nostalgia, pick that up November 6th
and 7th.
God of War Ascension
which is the next God of War game because you know
they're not going to let that franchise die off.
The demo is going to be in the Total
Recall remake.
The one with Colin, whatever his name is.
That comes out on
December 18th.
So get the Total Recall
Blu-ray, play God of War Ascension
and that is going to be the only way to get
that demo until four days before
the game comes out. I think like March
8th is when they're
putting the demo on PSN and then the game comes out
on March 12th of next year.
And the graphics for it, just looking at these screenshots
look really like
disgustingly awesome.
Very God of War-ish.
Finally
the game Injustice
Gods Among Us which I will admit I don't really know
much about. It's being put
out by NetherRealm. They are
has a DC Comics character
in it. It's going to be Green Arrow.
Who some people might remember like you know the show
Supernatural which finally ended after like
11 seasons that had Green Arrow in it.
It's the Green Arrow I think is
best known. Wait, Supernatural's not done.
Still on the air, isn't it? Oh, I meant Smallville.
I'm sorry, Smallville Superman.
And now there's an Arrow series
on CW that like just either it
just started last week or it's starting this week.
Oh, is it a spin-off of the same actor? Yeah, I think
they're trying to make Smallville Lightning Strike twice.
Yeah.
So yeah, Green Arrow is going to be
a character in Injustice Gods Among Us.
There you go.
Yeah, and it's the
Justice League outfit I believe from
the Cartoon Network show. Shane
in chat says, different actor sadly.
Oh, well that's just
unfortunate.
Let's see, Tigerclaw in chat, I want to go back
to the PETA thing for a minute. Remember, they're delayed
so sometimes it takes time for them to comment on things.
Tigerclaw in chat says, I wonder what
PETA thinks of Tokyo Jungle.
Wouldn't they hate the fact that you play
as animals eating other animals?
Again, this is
proof that they're trolling because
you know obviously Tokyo Jungle
is the game to take issue with but they know
that Tokyo Jungle is a niche thing.
No one curr about Tokyo Jungle.
But what's a game that everybody talks about?
Pokemon. Anyway, I'm giving
this story far too much attention. I just wanted to
address that comment because it was worth
commenting on. I don't think they really have a problem with
people or with animals eating other
animals because that just happens in the wild but
as long as it's not people eating
other animals, that's really the issue
there. So by that logic,
would they be okay with
people eating other people?
Yes.
Because they're only for the
ethical treatment of animals. Nothing about
people. Oh, okay.
Just wanted to make sure that was clear.
Unfortunately,
doesn't exist. Well, you know, we need a people
for the ethical treatment of people.
That's what we need. That's the foundation we really
well, I sound like such an asshole
because it sounds like I'm saying fuck animals
and that's not really what I'm saying.
But I think we should
have a, you know,
what about how we treat each other? Isn't
that important as well?
Anyhow.
Again, giving it far too much credit.
You know what deserves more credit on our show?
Our Facebook and Google
Plus fan communities.
It's the Fugal
Question of the Week. Take Facebook and Google
and put it together and you get Fugal.
And the Question of the
Week this week.
Kind of a little
play on the fact that I've been on vacation
for a little bit.
Everybody's done it at some point in their life or another.
What is the worst thing you've
missed in real life so you
can stay at home and play a video game?
Did work get in the way of a Final Fantasy
launch? Did you stay at home
to raid on World of Warcraft instead
of going to your friend's birthday party?
Excuse me. Pick up.
Bad time.
Worst nightmare for a radio person.
Did you stay home to raid on World of Warcraft instead of
going to your friend's birthday party?
Let's go to some of the answers on Google.
Starting with actdeft. I don't recall
missing anything serious for a video game.
I have come close though. Like
almost missing class to get a Dreamcast
on Black Friday. Remember I'm from
Mexico and we don't have Thanksgiving here.
I think the most serious one was when I
offered to help in a DDR tournament the same
day I had agreed to help some friends with
a political party's elections.
But forgot they were the same day.
Since I'd agreed to the former first, my friends
didn't mind and let me go to the tourney though.
So no harm done.
Sean F. replied on Google Plus.
Yes, there are people on Google Plus.
I have to say that every week.
And said I wish I had
a terrible secret to reveal. But I think
the worst I ever did was I took the day off
in 2005 when I got a PSP
at midnight release. Wipe out
pure and luminous. Good times.
Indeed
good times. Let's
go to Facebook and get some answers
to the question there in our Facebook community.
Starting off with
Where'd the post go? Here it is.
Critical Myth says
I've been far more likely to miss things like
company Christmas parties to see
Lord of the Rings premieres.
But a friend of mine skipped his own
performance review to stand
in line for the 360.
He still got promoted.
Skipped his performance
review at work to get a 360.
That's a pretty good one. He must have known
he was going to get a good review and could get away with murder
with his boss.
Degenerated Johnny says
I was leading my first raid in
Molten Core during Vanilla WoW.
Unfortunately the raid was during the time
I was supposed to pick my mother up from
the airport. She was coming
back from a trip to her homeland of
Scotland. This resulted with her
being stuck at the airport for two
hours. As punishment
I had to act the role of being her
personal chauffeur for an entire
month. It wasn't all bad. It allowed
us to have some good times with each other.
This proves that sometimes gaming
experiences can help push families
closer together.
Even if it was through force, right?
Haseo Sumeru
Excuse me, sorry
guys, the voice is going. Haseo Sumeru
says it's funny that you
mentioned the Final Fantasy launch thing because way
back when I first started playing Final Fantasy
X, I faked getting sick
so I could stay home from school.
I went all out, had a heater
in my room, aimed at my face to fake
the fever and water bottle with ice water
for cold sweat. And it was worth
it because I managed to make my way through the
Zanarkand ruins all the way up to the final
fight, I think.
Dark Tetsuya says I actually skipped school
the day I got the original PlayStation.
Ironically ran into my high school
tutor at the time who didn't seem to mind.
Yes, I did graduate.
And lastly, Chiggers on Facebook
says, never happened.
In real life is always
more important than a game. The game will
always be there, but real life
experience only happens once.
Oh, you.
What a party pooper answer.
I'm just kidding.
That's something we probably should remember.
Anybody in here with a story to
share? What's the worst thing you skipped out on in real
life to play a video game? Allen?
Um...
I did some
all-nighters when I was in high school
where I just didn't go to bed. I just
played a game and then when it was time to go to school, I went to school
because when you're 16, 17, you can do
that shit. Your body's like, fine, I'll be up
for, you know, 36
hours until eventually you can crash.
But as far as missing,
I mean, I
when the PS2 came out,
I got up, I went to bed at like
eight in the evening, got
up at one or two in the morning,
walked, I think, two or three
miles to Target, got in line
at Target at like 4 AM.
There was
already a line. I got PS2
I think 38 out of 43
so my timing couldn't have been any more
flawless from wanting
to actually avoid camping the
entire night out. And then I went
into work. Once I actually
bought the thing, I think I was in the office by, I want
to say 10 or 11 in the morning, but I already cleared it with
my boss the night before, so...
I've never been
I've never done anything that scandalous.
I've never, I don't really think I've
taken a, have I taken a day off work
to play a game?
I don't, I, if I did, I honestly do
not remember. I took a day
off work to play World of Warcraft.
Yeah, because Pandaria, that used to be, yeah. But
to be fair, I ended up having a Disneyland
trip and I would have taken the day off anyway.
True. So,
but the, I guess my
real answer would be that I cut
a lot of class in
college to play Final Fantasy 7.
It was real
good and I was really into it, okay? I was more
into it than some of my classes I had at the time.
You weren't really into college that much anyway.
I really wasn't, so I, I skipped
a lot. I probably cut class
to stay home and play Puzzle Fighter 2
with friends, so, or
excuse me, Super Puzzle Fighter 2
Turbo or whatever it was called. I probably
cut class to stay home and play that with friends and it
was worth it, I don't care. Low-key.
Um, I
skipped work, well I took time off
for, um,
Grand Theft Auto, well, recently
it was, well actually it wasn't that recent, but
Grand Theft Auto 4, to try to
get 100% on everything so I could get the keys
to the city, which I technically
did within the time frame that they had
in the whole contest thing, but
they only had a limited amount of keys and it wasn't
registering the information correctly. There was a
huge delay, so, I unfortunately
didn't get the keys to the city, but
um,
got the achievement for 100% though.
I took time off work when Final Fantasy
11 came out. I remember
that, I was so jazzed for that game,
I totally took the day off when that came out too.
That was years ago.
I didn't skip work, I just took the day off.
So I guess it's not as
bad if you planned it in advance, right?
I'd probably take the day off work for Grand Theft Auto 5.
In the future.
In the future, planning for 2013.
Alright, we have some more news stories
for you guys, and then we'll get your
Skype calls here in a little bit.
Alright, so there's this
new patent from Sony for
a controller.
Right now, at least in the diagram, it shows
a Playstation Move controller, but apparently
it's a controller that allows
the user to feel
temperature change. So,
for example, the controller could get
hotter, like if your
gun overheats, or you get hit by
a fireball, or you're in an area where there's
fire, or something like that. Or,
if you're in a
icy area or something.
It's kind of like a temperature
feedback, as well as how they have
the force feedback and stuff.
So, neat!
I don't know if it's necessarily something that
they're going to be
implementing into a Move controller or something
like that soon, but
it's kind of cool to have this technology
around for whenever you may
use it in the future,
for some new controller or something.
I don't know if it'd be a big deal,
like, you know, a controller got cold
and went into an icy area. It'd be kind of,
haha, that's neat! I'd like to
leave it cold all the time, you know.
Sometimes your hands get sweaty.
Maybe it should detect whether your hands are sweaty, and then
cool off. There's a third-party
company idea right there.
If Playstation
had indie games,
somebody would release an indie game that's called
Hand Warmer.
And then the
sequel, Hand Freezer.
You know who needs this technology?
Microsoft for the Xbox 360.
Why?
When it detects it's getting hot, it gets colder.
So the system doesn't crash.
Oh, okay.
I see what you did there. That's good.
It's just water-cool everything. I don't know.
Well, it wouldn't be hard for the Playstation controller
to get hot. They could just put in there whatever
they put in iPhones,
because the iPhones get really hot if you're, like,
using it too much.
When it's really straining
for a signal, I notice it gets really hot.
That's how they could do it.
Maybe they could
implement this into the iPhone.
You know, when you piss off Siri
by asking a bunch of stupid questions, it'll just
melt down into your hand.
You'll just...
I'm gonna burn your hand now!
Wrong answer.
Punishing games.
Kinda... dumb.
This would be something that you'd add to, like,
haptics later on, but let's get the haptics
thing out of the way first, you know.
I think more people would be interested in
touching things rather than, ooh, it's cold now.
First off, actually, challenge number one.
Getting people to buy the move.
That's challenge number one.
Challenge two, implementing, you know, temperature
change in there, and having people
be interested. And seriously, how is temperature
change gonna come in handy in, like,
Just Dance 4, or, like,
I don't know, Archery
in Sports Champions, or...
Maybe this is why the last Guardian got
delayed. Maybe he's guarding temperature.
I don't know.
Maybe it's because it's gonna be a launch
in another system or something.
Alright. Or maybe it's nothing.
Maybe it's just somebody
had the idea and it was like, you know what,
let's patent it just in case Nintendo's thinking of something.
Well, this is an interesting
little rumor that's going around.
Take it with a grain of salt, because it's
spawned from a NeoGaf post, but
you never know. Sometimes where there's smoke,
there's fire. Sometimes.
Rumor is,
Shigeru Miyamoto is expected
to leave Nintendo's EAD division
by December. How many times has his
rumor been around? I mean, seriously, there was
another rumor that he, this was like a couple
months ago, that it was the same
damn thing. Apparently, Miyamoto is not
happy, because the EAD
general manager overshadows the
content that's created by new producers
and directors at Nintendo's largest gaming division.
New Super Mario
Bros. producer Takashi
Tezuka is rumored to take his place.
Other changes,
boy, where
I said there's smoke, there's fire.
Where there's wank, there's a lot of wank.
A major
shift in Kyoto development sources
involving three research and development
buildings.
New groups and new producers being
announced for EAD Kyoto and
SPD Kyoto. A Tokyo
expansion of EAD and
Mashihiro Sakurai possibly
joining EAD Tokyo.
New division led by
Miyamoto with younger staff
focused on smaller scale games.
Miyamoto's
departure inspiring new IPs
for the EAD Kyoto division.
And Cliffy B
going to EAD Tokyo.
I added the last one myself.
I added that one myself.
Come on.
I had to throw my own wank on there too.
Why not? Everybody else is.
Maybe that's a list list.
Nintendo
wank. Best Nintendo wank.
Come on. Let's make up a Nintendo rumor.
Come on. Come on, Alan. Make up a Nintendo rumor.
Total legit source. Come on.
Wii U
will use points
like XBLA
and have DRM.
Yes, it probably will because
there's this thing called Wii points that already
exist. I know you've never played a Wii.
Come on, Loki.
Add your own Nintendo wank. It's fun.
Nintendo wank. Let's see.
I
don't know. This is tough.
It's tough to come up with something stupid.
People pull this shit out of their ass all day
long. I know, but I have to be
selective when I pull out of my ass to make it
sound a little bit more legitimate than the other people
that pull stuff out of their asses.
That's the thing. That's why I was giving it some thought there.
So, Loki, the man who works
for the distributor, what is Nintendo going to do
next? What are you posting to me after tomorrow?
They're going to fake another shortage on the goddamn Wii U
system to create an artificial demand.
That's not a rumor.
Oh, no.
Did you hear what? No, this actually didn't make our show
but did you hear what their fucking excuse was? There was a
fire in a production plant, I guess, that lowered
their amount of units that they're going to put out by
a million or something. Isn't that the same excuse they used
for the gasoline prices going up?
Yeah, there was a fire in a production plant.
Goddamn, Wii U's were there. Why did we store them
next to the oil?
AlphaCananagram in chat wants
to remind me they did get rid of the points
because the Nintendo 3DS eShop
does use regular money for currency.
Yeah, they got rid of those cards.
Whatever. You know what they're going to do?
I have a Nintendo rumor. Okay, yes, thank you.
Their online integration is going to be really mediocre.
These aren't rumors!
3DS Micro.
It's small enough to fit in your pocket, man.
And to take inspiration from Apple,
they're going to make their next 3DS
super wide so they can have yet
another attachment for the stupid
Have you seen the... was it the LL and the XL?
Have you seen the...
I was like, okay, okay, we made it bigger.
We could have put a thumb pad here, but no.
We're going to have an even larger thing that's going to attach to it
and make it even wider than it was.
Is that really happening?
Yes, it's really happening.
Is it out yet?
I think it's coming out in Japan if it's not out already.
It's very soon. They have pictures of it.
And it's not Photoshop. It's like, this is an official thing
because, you know, you want the larger...
I mean, seriously, it's just...
Let me just add another, like,
half of a laptop right here
and I'll put just a giant, like, analog...
I should do that. You know, make a project.
I have this analog stick that's just, like, the size of my hand.
It'll look like that Tetris game
at Golf Land with the gigantic
joystick that you use to move the pieces.
Have you seen that? The Sega Tetris?
I'm surprised no one's actually sold one of those.
It's like a, you know, home thing.
Could be fun.
It could be fun.
Alright.
Let's move on. Alan, do you have some legitimate news for us?
Kickstarter.
Everyone's favorite controversial crowdsource.
I said legitimate.
It's going
live in the UK on
Halloween. It's gonna be a part of the same
site. There is not going to be some,
you know, Kickstarter-UK.com.
It's just Kickstarter.
But if you're within the UK, you can now,
you know, put up your project.
Obviously, the
currency available is going to be
listed in pounds. Doesn't say anything
about euros here.
Yeah, you can set your goal and your stretch goals
and I imagine if you're in the US and you
want, you see something awesome over in the UK,
you can bid on it like you can
in any other Kickstarter. But, yeah, they got the
payment and the
those sketchy, you know, legal financial
stuff sorted out. So, yay, UK, you're
getting Kickstarter. I'm sure they're all very excited.
That's all. That's all I got.
There you go.
I guess they got their legal
stuff worked out, but there was already, you
know, the other. So, whatever.
Have fun getting addicted to Kickstarter
or hating on it or whatever
side of the fence you choose to be on.
As diverse as we are on this show.
Have fun with that, UK.
It's a borderland, so a lot of copies.
How many copies? Oh, shit.
1.4 million copies. That's a lot of copies.
That's a success. 60 bucks
a pop. That's a lot of money.
Exactly. And, of course, you know, also
that, um, I believe it sold
I can't remember what percent more than
234% more than the first game.
So, at launch,
that's pretty awesome. Not
so awesome, NBA Baller
Beats, which sold 3,000 copies.
Total. Wait a minute. You mean
there wasn't a market for basketball
and music fusion games?
Basketball, yeah, exactly.
Basketball, you know, it's a Kinect
game that requires you to have a floor
that's, you know, that you're not in an apartment
and that the floor is, like, hardwood
or something. Here's the ironic
twist. Now it's a collector's item
when it sells that few copies.
No, it's not.
That's like saying
that the eye of judgment is a collector's item.
It's not. It kinda is, in a way.
The, uh, Borderlands, that
is only hard copies
of the game. I think this is saying, uh,
digital distribution is not in that figure at
all, so that's even more awesome for them.
Yeah, that's awesome. Unfortunately, the digital version
of NBA Baller Beats doesn't exist, so
I can't use that to inflate
the numbers there. Bobby Lackwolf in our chat room
at live.vognetwork.com wants to
remind us NBA Baller Beats had 50,000
Twitter followers. Remember that whole thing?
So how did they only sell 3,000
copies of the game with 50,000 Twitter
followers? It was... Do you mean to tell me
they had fake Twitter followers? It wasn't
50,000. It was 500,000
Twitter followers.
Yeah, it was 500,000 because I think they
have 100,000 for, like, Call of Duty
Black Ops 2 or something
like that. Yes, they bought their
Twitter followers. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
You mean to tell me
that they bought
all those Twitter followers?
Yes, they did. There was an article
on the Penny Arcade... 449,631
followers
and they sold 3,000 copies of the game?
Yeah, because all those guys
are really legit.
And you know what's great is even
after all that they're like, we didn't
buy those followers.
You know, people are really excited about
this game, okay? Really?
You know what game sold
better than NBA Baller Beats?
President Cat.
The Eye of Judgment.
The Eye of Judgment.
Sold better than NBA
Baller Beats. Oh, I feel like this
is a game on, like, the $25,000
pyramid or something.
Family Feud or something.
Name a game that sold more copies
than NBA Baller Beats.
Ready? Go.
Barbie Horse
Adventures 2.
Probably not yet, but we will hit that
mark. Bungie Ferret Tossing will sell
better than NBA Baller
Beats.
Tokyo Jungle will sell more than NBA
Baller Beats. Oh, I'm sure it already has, yeah.
Let's see.
Secrets of the Mystical Unicorn.
The game with the pink anus on
Steam has probably sold more than 3,000 copies.
I'm trying to think, what
was the worst game I can think of that's
a paid game? Worst
game ever.
Night Trap sold
more than NBA Baller Beats.
I was going to say
Bullet Witch sold more copies than NBA
Baller Beats. Master Chu and the
Drunk Nard Who on the NES probably sold
more copies than NBA Baller Beats.
Hell, even
Steel Battalion, that last one
that came out, sold more
than that. And it was fucking
broken.
Beatmania sold more copies than
NBA Baller Beats.
Burn!
Pop and Music on
Xbox Live Arcade or what was it called?
Beat and Groovy sold more copies
than NBA Baller Beats.
Do you remember that song
that was really obnoxious and horrible
last summer, the
Louie Louie Gucci Gucci Fini Fini Prada
Basic Bitches Wear That Shit So I Don't Even
Bother. Her album came out. It's the worst
album sale that sold
like, it's not quite a record
but it sold 3,900 copies
in its first week. That's more than this game.
Creation.
What's the single called?
Gucci Gucci. Gucci
Gucci. Hold on, I want to look this up.
It was just the single.
Please don't play it. Do you really hate your listeners
that much? No, it was just
a single last year but she actually
put out a full album
with that song and no one gave a fuck
but more people gave a fuck.
Okay, so more people
gave a fuck about this song.
No, that's not it.
Oh, this one.
Okay, more people bought
this CD than
bought Baller Beats.
Wait, what's the chorus?
This is so awful.
This is really badass. This is too long. Where's the chorus?
I can't make it to the chorus.
You probably picked the worst part of the song, Dev.
Whatever.
So there you go, the worst part of the worst
song. Worst part of the worst
song and that, and yeah, and Dartusuya
says that song was probably in NBA Baller Beats.
Let's see, Act Dev says more people bought
ET on the 2,600 than NBA Baller
Beats. Jessica Harper said
Britney's dance beat probably sold more
copies than NBA Baller Beats.
Oh, Rama. Oh.
Burn. This, oh.
Ouch.
Rock Revolution sold
more copies than NBA Baller Beats.
That's a fact.
Oh, ouch. Oh, you
win. You win an internet.
This story's over.
Marissa. I love Marissa.
I really do and she's in our chat room
and she just said, this bitch
just rapped about Adderall.
By the way, does this still work?
I just want to point this out. I want Marissa to know
this because this is how bad Marissa needs to come back to
the show. Okay, you know how Google, Google
has the predictive search feature, right?
Okay, I want to show you something. Go to Google
and type orange
lounge
radio
and oh, of course,
the one time I do it, oh, you know why? Because I'm not doing
global research.
But I swear to God, I did this the other day.
I typed in orange lounge radio
and in the predictive search, the
number two thing that came up said orange lounge
radio Marissa.
Not orange lounge radio
chat room, orange lounge radio
Loki. It was orange lounge
radio Marissa. Swear to God, I was looking
at this yesterday and I was laughing my ass off
in a good way because I love Marissa. But it's just
funny that, well, how long ago was it she was
on this show?
Alright, anyhow,
let's move on.
An appropriate story
to follow that last story is
about a game design
jam called Fuck This Jam.
It will, uh,
I have no, who is putting
this on? It's on a website. It's called
FuckThisJam.com. Well, that's appropriate.
Oh, okay, here it is. It's
organized by Rami Ismail
of Vlambeer
and independent designer Fernando Romalo.
Uh, Fuck This Jam
apparently was basically
an inside joke. It came out of a conversation
that they had when they went to an arcade
in Austin, Texas. It will take
place from November 9th through the 17th.
Well, why
would you care about this besides the cute name?
Well, because
the participants in this little
contest or whatever, they
will be tasked with creating a game
in a genre or style
that you would ordinarily have
disdained for. So, in
other words, let's say you're the type of person that's like,
you know what? I hate sports games.
You know, I don't want to play sports. I never play sports
games. Then your job in the jam
would be to design a sports game.
Or let's say, you know, I hate first-person shooters.
You gotta design a first-person shooter. I hate
retro games. I hate role-playing.
So, I actually
think this is a really neat idea to
encourage people to get out of their comfort zones
because this is where some of the best ideas come from.
And you know it's gonna lend itself
to crossover
potential. I bet something out of this ends
up on Project Greenlight or something. Just you wait.
Just you wait.
Good luck to everybody that's participating
in that. Fuck this jam.
Alright, well let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails
at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
and we
pick our favorites out of the mailbag and read them
live on air. Dark Soccer
is not here to read them tonight.
But Alan, being such a good sport, has volunteered
here to read the emails. It probably helped that
there was only one. Yes.
Now there's one
email and I
really empathize with this
person who was kind enough to write it in
because when I write stuff I'm often
very verbose and go on about something
I care a lot about. It's a Windows 8
rant email and this person
did say how long it is.
And it is long enough that we're not gonna read the whole
thing on the show. It's not personal.
So it is
from
13X
Forever. And he writes
a Windows 8 email and he says,
Hello OLR Crew and Bobby. I heard you
have an empty mailbox problem so I finally took
my time to write about that Windows 8 hate
show two weeks ago. First off, I
love that our show is now a relay
to Bobby as well as just like
blast us with an email
and hope Bobby gets some splash damage
from it all.
It's an AOE attack. Exactly.
Hello OLR Crew and Bobby. I heard you have an
empty mailbox problem so I finally took my time
to write about that Windows 8 hate show
two weeks ago. Yeah, this mail will
be long so maybe you should skip it
for the show. Sorry. Also, I have to apologize in advance
if I trail off topic or go
on rumble for too long.
And then, first
of all, I highly recommend to
read Paul Allen's take on Windows 8
with a link. Interface changes
and Rafael Rivera's
post on the
Minecraft certification debacle and
optionally his own rant
or the person who wrote this in
on Google Plus on this topic.
And then it goes on and
unfortunately we can't read all of it but
he did include, thank you
writer, a TLDR
summary.
Smart idea when you send in a long
email. Include the too long, didn't read
portion. So
TLDR summary. You should really try it
for yourself before judging. Sometimes to
build something new you have to break something old and
people will hate you for it. All
of the hate on the internet for Windows 8 stems
from a few articles published by ignorant writers
to get more clicks for their websites.
Desktop experience is the same as for
Windows 7, only much more polished. Plus
you have Metro which is mostly
optional. Notch is
fighting some illusory
threats of software freedom on
commercial OS 2 in most unconventional
ways. Yes, Windows 8 will sell
worse than Windows 7 and everyone will
point and laugh. You're probably biased
Russian neighbor 13x
forever. So I'm wondering maybe
if I'm on the vlog article
for when the podcast, this episode goes up
maybe we can include that email. Perhaps.
On the forums. On the forums. Yeah, I would say
make a long post on the forums. But I
will tell you this. I did read the email in its entirety
off air. And it was, you know, the
TLDR does sum it up pretty good because even
though it was through kind of some fanboy
filter, I did sense a little bit
of that in there. There was
a good point that was raised that is essentially
don't knock it until you've tried it.
You know, many people are sitting here bashing
Windows 8 just because
they've seen some screenshots and
they don't like the fact that there's something
different. That they're presenting the start menu
and it's different. And the kind of,
again, I'm paraphrasing here and this is
the message I took from it was essentially
change is gonna happen.
Change is inevitable. Change has
to start from somewhere. If you like
the start menu, didn't the start menu
start somewhere, right? So
why is everybody hating on this
when many of them haven't tried it?
Granted, some have. But many haven't
and they're just looking at these screenshots going
oh, I hate this. I hate this because it
looks like an Xbox. And I
say this being guilty
of being someone who usually
crawls up Valve's ass at every
opportunity. But it wasn't Gabe Newell
but someone, there's the whole debacle with Notch
bitching about it. But someone at
Valve, not Gabe Newell
basically said we've messed around
with the Windows 8 kit and
he was like, personally he didn't want to design
software for it because he thought it was a big steaming turd.
So whenever someone from Valve says something
everyone like
Valve says Windows 8 is garbage
and then it just echoes through the whole
internet which is not really
what they said. Right.
The whole game of telephone happens. Yeah.
So, interesting. Now I will say
there was also a portion of the email that really
addressed the whole Windows certification thing
and the fact that I think people are reading
too much into it and it's not that Microsoft
wants a cut. That was a huge part of what
the Valve complaint was too.
But it's not that, just to be clear, it's not
that Microsoft wants a cut of it. It's
that Microsoft wants to certify it
and I'm assuming it's similar to
how they might certify
like I know because I've done
some of this development at work, like
it's harder to run macros
and even like access in Word if
you don't like certify your
content because of the
illegitimate stuff that's out there. So like
imagine expanding that bubble to include
software. That's kind of where it's going.
Isn't that kind of like the Nintendo
official seal of equality where they had to play
every game even if it was bad to make sure it was good enough?
They don't do that anymore because
of course the Wii is the biggest shovelware
console in like 10 years.
Well and also people got around
the Nintendo seal of equality. Like it worked for
a while but then when it was
because Atari
and Tengen as it was won that lawsuit
where they tried to stop that
from happening. They were able to keep
Tetris off the shelves because that was
a particular circumstance but they
were not able to keep those cartridges off shelves.
I can't remember if the lawsuit was Tengen
specifically or if it was one of the other companies like
Color Dreams or you know
one of them back in the day but Nintendo tried to stop it.
They lost so there was nothing they could do about it.
So I think at that point they kind of gave up.
But yeah Nintendo,
Nintendo put those locks into place because they were
trying to prevent another video game crash.
The other big big big thing they did on the NES
remember this. Yeah because a lot of the games on the 2600
weren't even designed on proper
development kits. They were trash. Yeah.
Well publishers could only put out three games a year.
If you paid for these development kits
or whatever you could only put out three games a year.
So that's why, well you had these publishers
start to put out, just invent
subsidiaries to get around it. That's where
Ultra Games came from. Ultra Games was
just Konami. That's all it was.
It was just Konami and it existed solely
to put out you know
more Konami games on the NES
like Metal Gear
and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
or Ultra Games. Yeah.
But it was Konami. So anyway
that was a
total tangent that that emailer was not
expecting at all whatsoever but there you go.
So at the end of the day let's go back
take a step back. What about
the course part
of the argument I think what I
took away from it was
don't knock it until you've tried it.
Alan is it fair?
That's fair. You haven't tried it so should you
be knocking it? Yeah.
Windows, well it's, I made a joke once
that Windows OS's are like the
Star Trek movies, the original ones that every other one
is a piece of shit and the other, every other one is really good.
Because
XP Professional I ran
for years because it was rock solid.
When Vista came out
they tried to drag
gamers over to Vista by saying if you want
DirectX 10 you have to use
Vista. I'm like DirectX
fine it's 9 for me I'll stay on
XP. And now 7 is so
fucking good I can't imagine why I'd want to leave
7. 7's great.
And the bummer
is like it's not like you can just like try
8 out and then go back. Oh yeah it's a total
I don't
think you can. No I don't think you can
down rev Windows. So
it's either all in or out.
Alright well thank you very much for the
email even if it was a little long.
Hopefully we covered the points
to your satisfaction and we you know
either way we still appreciate the
other perspective. It is the show
where every gamer has a voice. We
get to disagree sometimes.
Alright let's get into the FUs of the week.
Uh
Loki why don't you start us off tonight
with your FU. Uh an FU to
uh e-machine shop
for their fur I'm not working
nicely with uh Google Sketch
unfortunately. The wonderful
painstaking process of creating
the part of the
beat gear pad or whatever
um it came out nice
so they can't import it at all.
So and I tried recreating it
in their stupid cat editor
and it sucks.
So fuck that.
Um
you know despite all the stress I went
through in the past week I had a pretty good weekend
so I can't complain too much although I will
say FU to my voice.
And FU to the fact that I'm getting
old. That part kind of sucks
and uh yeah I did I didn't just
do rock the something keep in mind I didn't
just do Rocky on Friday.
I actually helped out with another performance
piece that um some of the gals
on cast asked me to do.
Uh just play a really quick walk on roll
in and I did it so I had to do that last night.
But it's part of that performance I'm
supposed to die on stage which means I have to take
a stage fall. Yeah
totally bruised my knee during doing that
yesterday. So that part sucks.
So FU to getting old where my
bones are old and frail and I can't
take falls like I used to be able to.
Wah.
Alan you're FUs of the week.
Um things are going pretty well for me. I got
a second day off this week. Um which I
wasn't expecting. So the
apartments all clean.
Uh I hate
I get paid
Friday. And you know sometimes when you're like
really really really broke waiting for that payday
to come up. I'm kind of like that now.
Sometimes you can avoid it
sometimes you can't.
Alright. There it is
the FUs of the week.
Two more stories and then Twitter topics
and the Skype line. So
Loki. Alright.
So there's going to be some price discounts
pretty soon for the Xbox 360.
Coming in the form of their holiday
bundles. They're actually going to have two bundles
out that um actually look pretty cool.
There's one that's going to be
the Connect 4 gig
um well actually I guess the Connect 4 gig
um bundle.
And they have a 250 gigabyte
just regular bundle. Um
for 250 you can get a
uh holiday bundle which is the
250 gigabyte Connect. And
those are usually 350 bucks.
And I guess the bundles have
different games packed in.
They've got DLC codes for everything from
Forza 4
um Connect Disneyland Adventures Fable 3
Halo Reach. And
also um they're going to have
I guess codes for a digital copy of
Skyrim. I actually saw that in one of them.
Um
let's see here. So
yeah you can get a 4 gig console for
250 or just a regular
um
system without a
Connect bundle in there. Um
for 250 and that comes with
Forza and Skyrim as a digital
copy. And then also they have
a 4 gig Connect
um bundle that's going to
have um
what was in there? Connect Adventures
and Connect Disneyland Adventures.
Well that's kind of stupid. Why would you
buy
the old one?
I don't know. For whatever reason I guess
I'm marking down the old bundles in case you know because it doesn't
seem very smart to have the old bundle
with less stuff in it for the same
for you know more than what it is
with more stuff in it. But
apparently they still have it at the same price.
So you can get the holiday bundle
without
Connect Disneyland Adventures. I guess if
you really hate Disney and you just
you know fuck it I'm not getting anything extra
um
you can do that. So those are three bundles
that are available. Um
I guess now. So you can check that out.
And then um
some older holiday bundles too. They've got
one with Halo Reach and
Fable 3. That was the old one.
But I guess that's not available anymore.
Cool.
No surprise there. Price drops in time
for the holidays. And for Wii U.
Maybe that it's yeah true competition
there and maybe to you know just encourage a few more
copies to move after Thanksgiving. Honestly though
I mean if you don't give a shit about
Connect which honestly
nowadays you probably shouldn't
give a shit about Connect Lisa's console
generation. The one with
Forza 4 and Skyrim is a pretty good deal.
I mean those are pretty awesome games.
Good tip.
Alright one more story
for you guys and this is about what could have
been uh Blizzard
had once planned a version of Diablo
for the Game Boy Color.
Can you even imagine that?
Ew. Right?
Like Starcraft on N64
you remember that? Now this
was uh in a statement from
well I shouldn't say a statement but it was more of an
interview of Blizzard biographer
David Craddock uh in
speaking with Shaq News.
It was called Diablo Junior.
It was intended as a single
player only prequel to the original
game. Taking a page from
Pokemon's book the team wanted to
release three cartridges
each packing a different hero in the
warrior rogue sorcerer vein
as well as items that players
would have to trade for in order to
collect.
Development was only with a
handful of staff. They started
working on Diablo Junior after the
release of Diablo 2.
It could have been the Game Boy Color or the
Game Boy Advance or both
I guess just due to the timing of all of
this. Um
Diablo Junior was ultimately put out to
pasture because of the steep production costs
associated with developing handheld
games. Uh
I guess there is a book coming out
or a project called Stay Awhile
and Listen. It's an unauthorized
history of Blizzard based
on the testimony of 80X
employees. This
gonna be good.
Wow I didn't know somebody was working on
something like that. That sounds like it's gonna be amazing.
Uh apparently there
was also another Diablo 2 expansion
that never saw the light of day.
Uh there was um uh
it was gonna have guild halls for multiplayer
clan meetings and two other character
classes that also came out of that.
Weren't there also a bunch of
around the time Warcraft 2
between Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3 there was gonna be a bunch of
orc based side story
games? I remember seeing
clips of that yeah. And the animation was
very, they kinda look like the Zelda CD
Phillips CDI games. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Same style.
They did they did. I wanna know what
happened to Starcraft Ghost. I hope we
get the low down on that. Yeah.
Ooh.
I like this. The uh unauthorized
look. Or they're really awesome franchises
from the 90's they haven't touched.
Like Lost Vikings.
Or Blackthorn. Or Rock and Roll
Racing.
Didn't they also do the shake, rattle, and
roll? Was that Blizzard? I don't know.
They got more franchise.
Snake, rattle, and roll. Who did that?
Is there
is more out there than wow
and Diablo
Blizzard.
Or they could come up with something new. I know
that's a uh
whatever. Whatever Titan is.
Whatever Titan is supposed to be completely unique
IP. Oh I'm an idiot. Snake, rattle, and roll
was just straight up rare.
Why did I think that was Blizzard?
Am I really that
dumb? I guess
so.
Whatever. Shut up.
Alright let's go to the
Skype line at
1877 game OLR
where our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio. The Skype line is
open right now.
And while we're waiting for
some calls to come in we will do some
tweets. Tigerclaw
sent in a few tweets tonight. See
in here I thought it was a slow news week and yet
we've got more stories coming in thanks to
Twitter so I appreciate that. Tigerclaw
on Twitter with a story EA apparently
accidentally gave away thousands of
free games. Yeah.
How the hell did this happen?
They had a code that was
I think it was for reviewers or something like that
for Origin where it gave people
$20 off. Yeah it said it was a thanks
for completing a survey and it allowed them to
download a free game from Origin
but the code could be used by
anybody. It was an unlimited use
code. That's the
problem. I'm reading it here on the story. This code
is not secured. Someone made EA lose money
they're gonna have to commit seppuku in a conference
room. Oh my gosh. Alright.
Apparently it ended up on Reddit.
Alright let's go to the phones. We got somebody
waiting. Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's Shane. Hey Shane. How you doing?
I'm good. How about you guys?
I'm good. What's on your mind?
So I want to talk about
a little game called Mass Effect.
I have never heard of this game.
Why don't you tell us about it?
Okay anyway before
the new multiplayer
stuff came out and the mega DLC
stuff got announced
Mike, I think it's Gamble
posted something about how the upcoming
DLC is kind of like
the shape of things to come
and I'm wondering
if this DLC
is kind of
pointing at a more
massive multiplayer
Mass Effect game.
Because now with the introduction of the
Volus class. Here we go.
Mass Effect MMO. Hold on.
I'm justifying it.
Alright. With the Volus
class apparently it's
pretty much just a support class
like I mean you can still
kill things and be really awesome
but it's primarily for
support so if you've got a support class
your vanguards can take
hits like really well
and everybody else can do you know shooty
things why not something in the
vein of like a PSO style game where
you have centralized hubs you can
still do like
massive story missions but
it's just all
like the multiplayer in Mass Effect 3.
Okay. So
okay sorry. Run this by me
again. How is this going to impact the single player
side of it though with the expansion?
It doesn't. They were saying that
the stuff that's coming out
is kind of like the shape of things to come
for the series. So you're talking more
the DLC that came out this past week
and not so much the Omega DLC?
Correct. Oh okay. I don't know why but I was
saying when you started this whole thing I thought you meant the Omega DLC
and I'm like I don't see where that's going.
Okay but yeah I get it with the Volus
support class and all that. Allen?
Yeah I made a comment
to Rob earlier that
even if the Mass Effect
MMO never happens
pretty much
as limited of a model as
it is the Mass Effect 3 multiplayer
might be the closest that we ever get simply
because if you have a favorite race
with the exception of the Elcor you can pretty much be
everything now.
And who knows if the Elcor and the
Hanar don't show up sometime
down the line. I could see
something happen. Also
a Volus. I have one
if you want to. We can do a match
together after the show if you want to see how they play.
Would be terrible
support for a Vanguard because
I couldn't
stay close enough to you. They can't
hop over cover so they have to actually
run around the map. That's
kind of adorable in a
really weird way. So yeah if a Vanguard
biotic charges and fucks
off I'm going to have to run to your ass to refresh your shields
and that's not going to work. And that's all I
do as my Vanguard. I just fly around.
But you with my Sentinel
worked out alright actually. Yeah we did.
We duoed what? Wave 4? Wave 5?
Yeah now my Sentinel was only level 4 so that was
pretty good. Yeah it was collectors too right?
Yeah it was.
Which are super fun. They're bastards.
Commander
Shepherd just joined our chat room and said
Hi I'm Commander Shepherd and this is my favorite
Mass Effect podcast on the Citadel.
If only.
You jerk. Alright.
It'll happen eventually. Is there anything
non, well actually
let me ask you this question because
whenever people bring up Mass Effect
podcasts in chat Black Wolf
likes to chime in and say there's not enough
content out there to substantiate a weekly
podcast. That's a lie now though.
It's totally a lie. That's a
valid answer because
every like
there is fan fiction
there's fan works
like art, music, there are
books that have been out, comics
that have been out, multiplayer updates
that come out. Always speculation
going on for the next games.
There's enough content there for
weekly episodes. For sure.
Well then you need to produce a pilot sir
and prove everybody wrong.
But how
am I supposed to do that and play Pokemon in
Mass Effect and wow. Alright.
And watch Once Upon a Time in
Walking Dead. You just gave me
an excellent opportunity to transition away
from Mass Effect for a minute because you've been
playing Pokemon Black 2, White 2
and I know that you are a
almost 30 year old
playing Pokemon
games. You even, one of the original
VoG articles is about your love of Pokemon
and how you know you're a little
old for it. So how
are the new games and why do you still love
this series? I'll never
not love this series. They're just really
fun RPGs and
the Pokemon for the most
part are adorable and who doesn't want to
collect adorable things?
That
game was really fun. I played it.
They're good.
They contract good programmers. They really are
good.
No, there's just, I don't
know. It's just fun. In fact
I'm going to see my
friends up near Kansas City this
weekend and we're going to have a Pokemon
tournament. I was just informed and I was like
oh heck yes and they're my age too
and they're all excited.
Alright. I love this comment
from Frisbee in the chat room talking
about Shane's Mass Effect podcast I'm
assuming. Frisbee says
there's fan fiction, fan art,
fan wank, fan
dango, etc.
There are Skyrim podcasts that are
still going just because of all the mods
that you can talk about. Alright, alright,
alright. BlackWolf says
five weeks in a row.
Five weeks in a row. You got to have
a show that's got five episodes and then
What if I make five episodes
in one night and then spread them out over five
weeks? Some people do that.
You don't say that's what
you're doing in advance, dummy.
That was hypothetical. Why would I
cheat like that?
Alright. As I write this down.
What else
was I going to ask you because you brought up, oh yes,
with Pokemon I know you play in a lot of WoW.
How's pet battles going for you?
I have stopped pet battling because
I'm trying to level things and get gear
but it's like
a terrible addiction
and I'm trying to cut myself off cold
turkey at the moment and I still think about it
every so often and when somebody posts that they
got a new pet I'm like I wonder how that
would be in battle but I'm
just not doing anything with it.
Before we let you go for the night
is there any message you want to give to Horde
tanks out there that might be listening?
That's what I was going to say anyway.
Glad you brought that up.
So if you're a Horde tank
preferably a paladin or a warrior
and you would like a
fun laid back raid group that
wants to do content
while it's current, please
please please
server transfer to Proudmoore
and get a hold of somebody in
the guild Malevolence
and we'll find you a home and we won't
make fun of you much, I promise.
Alright.
That's it.
Anything else before I let you go?
Probably not.
Oh, except I was very sad because
Alan you talked about
Kayden and Shepard fanfic I hadn't
read yet and I don't know where to find it.
I think I can
dig it up.
And now I don't have any
fix saved to a folder on my hard drive
I just know what time my user wrote it.
I don't have any fix
but I definitely have fun awesome pictures
I found that aren't porn.
So I have to make that distinction before
it gets a little out of hand.
As long as no genitalia
is showing it's not porn.
Oh, there isn't. No. There's none
whatsoever. I think that would be weird anyway
to have. Alright. I'm ending
this conversation before it gets awkward. Bye.
I'll keep it awkward. Bye.
1877
GameOLR. Our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
I think there was another Twitter topic.
Do you have any last minute stories Loki
while I bring this one up? No.
I had the EA one but
somebody took it.
Somebody took it. Well we got another call coming in
so hooray for that. Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio
who's this? Hey hey it's Rama. Hey Rama
how you doing?
Ow. My feet.
Ooh you're calling in to talk about New York
Comic Con I bet. More or less
I was actually calling in to kind of
agree with the whole pirating thing because
even in my fandom we have to deal
with it. We call the people
that bootleg the anime and so forth
we call them spoiled entitlement
bitches. Ooh.
And just because
they're spoiled and entitled? They
feel that because
it comes out in Japan they can download
the fan subs and watch all the episodes
and decide not to buy it
when it comes released here because they
feel that I already have it why should I
go out and buy it?
Okay I can feel that
because I was about to say when you started your thought
I was like uh oh cause I was kinda
like that for a while cause like
and I've admitted to this in the show in the past
I have downloaded games that were
released in Japan only because
I feel if the game companies
aren't gonna bother I've also done it with games
that were only put out in Europe before they were
announced for the America because my thought
is if the game companies are not going to
put the effort into putting the game
out here I'm not gonna pay those
import fees and mod my systems
and all this stuff or whatever just to
uh play the game
you know so uh I
you know at least could cut the cost
out of it and play the game
anyway now to be fair
uh I did this with Dance Dance Revolution
games that came out of Japan but when they released
I mean I'm guilty of doing that too
and when I released the or
when they released the American versions of
DDR I bought every single one of them
so did I so you know to be fair
so it's a little different than your scenario
because you're saying they watch it and
then when they release it in America the
Americanized version or I mean I guess
not really the Americanized version but the
you know whatever they end up putting out here they
fuck off but also on the same token
they do it because they can
and let's say
the series just comes out in the
US and the DVDs are like
40 bucks for an entire box
set people will go and buy
that flight on a box set rip
the episodes and put them online
they'll even put the full disc
online and people will find them
and download them because they can
well
and we that's the same thing with games
right some pirates do it because they can
yeah and it's like I said if
Halo 4 comes out at $19.99
it'll still be pirate because
they want to save that $20 and
that same person that doesn't
want to drop $19.99 on a game
will go buy a spindle of blanks
to spread to make copies
to give to the French
what's this comment you just made in chat Alan
that's somewhat on topic with all this
oh I was just saying
back in the early late late 90s
early 2000s I used to order fan subs
from anime all the time
I don't know if that's what he's talking about
specifically Sailor Moon
yeah partially
and it's become where the companies
will contact the fan servers and ask them
not to continue with this
a lot of them will be like sure no problem
some of them are like you know what
fuck you we're going to continue to fan sub
because we do a better job than you can
yeah well a lot of times when
a fan sub got a cease and desist
that was great news for the community
because the only reason why the company was doing that is because
we bought the rights to this
show it's coming out next year and then the community
would be happy because yay they were finally
getting it
Alan to also go with that
same thing happened when Full Metal Alchemist came out
since Square Enix
pretty much helped put it out in Japan
when Funimation picked it up
Square Enix told them you got to translate this
pretty much word for word
you can't mishap anything here or there
they're working on setting up the C&D
so all the fan sub are selling them oh they can't
do this, they're like sure
we'll lay off, we'll step back
some of those fan subbers will go behind
their backs and continue
fan subbing the series under a different title
and the C&D goes to them and so on
and so forth and so forth
well Rama
I don't want to burn all the time talking about piracy
well no it's fine
it's a good conversation but I want to hear about a New York
Comic Con because I hear Travis was there too
and Critical Myth I think was there too
I didn't see Critical Myth
but I did front it to the
one and only Travis Donovan
did you? was that the first time you met him?
yes, he freaked the fuck out
when I walked up to him with my big old
afro
hahahaha
amazing
so what did you do and see in New York Comic Con?
what was there to do?
I mostly went for the cosplays
the exhibition hall was ginormous
there was a few indie games there
but big games that were there
was the Capcom booth showing off
Darkstalkers Resurrection
and then there was the Halo 4 booth
and then further down there was Square Enix's
new
Tomb Raider game
oh wow I didn't realize they were going to be there
that's cool
and unfortunately I wasn't able to check out any of these games
because Comic Con decided to give
just me, press, and the rest of my staffers
no press access at all
don't
and the lines were like 3 and 4 hours long
I couldn't even get up in there in time
to try out the Wii U
aww that sucks
sorry to hear it
it is what it is I'll just try to get over to Nintendo World later this week
well since I know you're all about the cosplay
which I know the listeners can hear more about
on Anime Jam Session
Tuesday nights on VOG
what was some of the good cosplay you saw?
believe it or not
I see some pretty good
My Little Pony cosplays
oh god
Comic Con is just comics, manga
pop culture
everything all together
that's what it's come down to
I did see a couple of good
Master Chief cosplayers running around
and the most popular one was Scott Pilgrim
oh nice
yes
very cool
Black Wolf in Chat says Rama's met two VOG people
for the first time in the span of a month
because you met Bobby last month huh?
yeah when I finally got to the hotel
and rested up
he shows up in his awesome car and we head on over to Waffle House
and chilled
as long as I'm still your favorite
oh you know that
oh and then Travis is going to make you take that back on his show later on
is that always the case you know?
PAX East is coming up
you know one thing we didn't bring up on tonight's show
I just realized
but we should probably address
well here's the thing we can talk about it
PAX East badges went on sale
and then we can mention
oh but they're already gone
don't get me started on that
I am so pissed and aggravated about that whole situation
why? didn't you get a ticket?
yeah my brother got me a ticket
and when I got home I got Jovi's ticket
I got her a Friday, Saturday, Sunday badge
that was the only way
but the people behind PAX
let people buy as many badges as they want
and then they went directly to eBay
that's why the three day ticket sold out in 24 hours
oh lame
that's pretty bad
I mean if you want to go
I'm telling you
you're better off getting a Friday, Saturday, Sunday
because I don't know about you
I don't think you want to go on eBay
and try to drop three bills
on a three day badge
yeah that's not good
it really couldn't have happened
on a worse week for me
I didn't buy a badge
I am crossing my fingers and toes
that our existence can justify at least one media pass
exactly
I will be more than happy
to interview developers
and have vog articles and coverage on the shows
and YouTubes and all that stuff
just hopefully that'll work out
because otherwise I ain't going
but this was just like
I spent a disgusting amount of money
on Rocky Horror, just ask Allen
although it might be a little bit of a stressful point
but I spent a lot of money on that shit
so I didn't have money for badges
Rob, I understand Rocky Horror
that's your fandom, that's your baby
that's your pride and joy
I can't say anything about that
because if it was something of a hobby of mine like that
I would have done the same thing
I spent a lot of money on vog too
and these podcasts
every podcaster on this network
spent a lot of money on what they do
but we're not saying that in a
pity us
we are begging for money
we just say it in a
it's our hobby, it's our passion, it's what we do
we do it for what we love
go back to PAX East real quick
before I move along
they're not even putting the media passes
registration up until February
that is so weird
I know
so weird, but alright
it is what it is, it ain't my con
it's a good con, when the con gets here
everybody that gets to go will have a good time
BlizzCon ain't any better with the way they do it
look, the main
the most important part is the fact that
I secured two rooms
for everybody so we have a place
to stay, that was the most important thing
and we got hotel space from
Thursday to Sunday
you're the bomb, if I'm able to get a media badge
I'm gonna be like, Rama
and in that case
when you come down, me and Jov
we'll head on over to the airport and pick you up
oh, you're the bestest
we try
alright, I should let you go so we can go wrap the show
alright, take care bro, thanks, bye
bye
see, Rama's got my back
cause I'm his favorite, we already established this
take that Bobby, just kidding
Bobby's gonna be at PAX too
I know he's going, so
who knows, that's kinda cool
because since PAX Prime
is the same weekend as DragonCon
at least we get to have a little bit of PAX in our lives
I mean, I shouldn't say that PAX East
is less than PAX Prime
I like the timing of PAX Prime
with the exception of the fact that it's the same weekend as DragonCon
I like the timing of PAX Prime
a little more than PAX East
but I know we'll have a good time at PAX East
if I get to go
anyhow, I think that's gonna do it
I think that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight
cause those are some long calls
but thank you guys so much
to those that called in
if for whatever reason you weren't able to get through tonight
do send us an email
cause we're always short on emails
mailbag at orangelaundry.com
one more Twitter topic here I want to read about
and it has to do with Wing Commander
so it's worth mentioning
weren't you a fan of Wing Commander back in the day, Alan?
I know I was
well get this, and this is another tweet from Tiger Claw
Chris Roberts announced a new game called Star Citizen
didn't we talk about those earlier?
did we?
I forgot about it if we did
it was in chat, I don't think we talked about it on the show
I think it was on Bobby's show
at the end, but it wasn't on our show
anyhow
oh well, then I'm saying it twice, it's Wing Commander, deal
um
Star Citizen from Chris Roberts is happening
it's a Kickstarter
it's a crowdfunded game
but you know
it's already raised
$455,000
with the crowd funding, that's crazy
so
it's probably going to make at least a million
so you can look for the return of Wing Commander
even though it's not called Wing Commander
but it's from the same guy
and obviously it has a spaceship based name
so it's going to be the next evolution
of that series
hopefully it will turn out better than the movie
you know, I almost backed that Obsidian one
I realized that the game's not coming out until 2014
so I was like, fuck that
that is a long way away
not gonna wait
alright
that wraps up, if you have no other
stories for us, Alan, I don't know if you have anything
I don't have any links or anything
but I have something quick
for those who are in my
age group who remember a show called
Siffle and Ollie on MTV
yes!
they're back, and they're on the Machinima
channel reviewing fake
video games, and it's like they never left
I don't
because I think this happened a couple weeks ago
when the first one showed up, and I don't remember if we
brought it up on the show or what
but yes, it is hilarious
because in the mid and late 90s, you know, MTV
did stop showing a lot of music
videos
for original content, but back in the mid and late
90s, that content was actually good
because there was
liquid television
and all this really weird indie shit
that kind of honestly paved the way for
a lot of the shows on Adult Swim
where you're like, do I need to be
smoking weed to be watching this shit?
what the hell is this?
Siffle and Ollie was one of those shows
and yeah, they're back
Liam, the guy who
invented them and wrote them and does the voices
was on the Nerdist podcast
and he was talking, Chris Hardwick
was like, I wish the Nerdist channel
had snagged him up
Siffle and Ollie are on Machinima
Nice. They're good for lulz
Let's see, episode 1 has
92,000 views, not too bad
Not too bad
Alright, well thank you very much
That's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio
Thank you guys who tuned in and support
Orange Lounge Radio tonight, whether it be through the podcast
or on Stitcher
or wherever, and if you're
tuning in live, a big thank you
for sticking through all the upsies
and downsies of the stream, it looks like we've been okay
for the past hour, people stopped complaining
in part B, so I guess it was just for
30 minutes there or so, it was a little rough
but thank you guys for sticking with it, we really appreciate
you guys, you troopers
If you like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio
remember we don't ask for your money to do this shit
all we ask is help spread the word
about Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two
or leave us a nice review on something like iTunes
or a recommendation on Stitcher or TuneIn
or any other site, wherever you heard
of this show, there are plenty of other people
looking for something like
this, so word of mouth is great
Let's
go around and get everybody's final thought
Alan, as always, thank you for pinch hitting his host
tonight, especially on such short notice, really
appreciate it, glad we could have you on
even if you do live here, and you know
you usually get picked on anyway, but
you're always great to have on. Do you have a final
thought for listeners tonight? No
Bye
I'm tired, I'm on a nap, but you can't nap at 9 o'clock
that's called going to bed
and then you're like a senior citizen
You wanna go to IHOP and get a senior citizen
special, one piece of bacon and a pancake?
I guess an under sedation person
after Rocky on Friday
was asking Jessica where
the big after party was, like
Denny's, you know, we're gonna get coffee and chicken strips
and it's like, remember when we were all 23?
That's not happening
Actually, actually
you know what's funny, I got invited
to go to Mel's by one of the cast members
and I was like, I'm sorry
I gotta go home
It felt bad
Our whole lives are ahead of us
Let's be until 4
Oh, you kids
Alright, let's see
Loki, your final thought tonight
I don't know
Hopefully play some Borderlands 2
this week
My final thought is, hopefully
I'll play something besides WoW and Mass Effect
this week, not that those are bad games
Also, my other
final thought is, it is nice to finally
be honored with the Golden Lotus
Damn you dailies
Alright
Thank you guys so much for listening to our show
We really appreciate you guys
Let's all hope Jamie feels better and she'll be back next week
That would be fantastic
And we hope all you guys will come back next week as well
Be safe, don't be a dick
online, treat each other with respect
Have a wonderful week
Good night
Welcome to OLR Studios
To join us for a live show
Tune into VoGnetwork.com
Sunday nights
at 6pm Pacific
9pm Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VoGnetwork
But you know they were all still true
See you next week
Thanks for watching!
