Orange Lounge Radio
Digital Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, one beta ends as another one begins as Valve releases family sharing as the Steam Music Beta begins.
News from South Park and Stick of Truth continues with outrage from policy makers and gamers alike over censorship in much of the world.
We'll take your comments on these events on the show wherever Gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live with episode number 542 of our show for this March the 2nd of 2014.
My name is Rob Roberts and over the next few hours we'll be talking about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm happy.
You're happy? Good. That's good. If you're happy and you know what, clap your hands.
May I have a little more please?
Yes. Just as long as you're going to be okay to drive.
This is me.
We decided to crack open a bottle of wine here in the studio so you know, that's how things go.
That's how we roll here at OLR. But drink responsibly kids.
Yes.
It's a three hour show so we've got a lot of time.
I just made the heart fingers at Rob.
Alright, and joining us via the Skype line, say hello everybody to Loki Oler. How you doing Loki?
I'm doing good.
Good, good. What's new?
Not much.
Yeah?
Just put in a cat door today.
Put in a what?
A cat door.
A cat door. Oh, you're being quite homely while you're around. Being the man of the house.
Yeah, I guess. So, yeah. Because the cat was annoying me and kept whining at the door.
And sure enough, I put the door in, she didn't give a shit. She's like not even bothering with the door anymore.
So you should have made the cat door so the cat can go out but the cat can't get back in.
Actually, funny you should say that, there's actually an option on there to do that.
Or you can have her come in only. You can lock it one way so it's kind of funny.
Awesome. Well, there you go. Well, I do want to say hi to everybody.
And I try to do this once in a while every few months or so but sort of reintroduce ourselves.
So if it is your first time listening to this show, welcome.
And just a quick reintroduction, my name is Rob, that's Jamie.
And joining us on the Skype line tonight is Loki, or Matt.
And he's on the Skype line because him and Mrs. Loki just had a baby about, where are we at now?
Over a month ago now at this point, right? Or just about a month ago?
It's like six weeks.
Wow, time flies. But he's still on baby leave.
Usually we're all in the same studio but obviously we want Loki to take time while the wife is healing and all that stuff.
So usually though we're all in the same room and about ten years ago we all met at a local arcade playing a music-based video game.
Dance Dance Revolution, Beatmania, those types of things.
We would meet up once a week or so at the arcade just like you would with a fighting game community or racing game community.
And afterwards we go to the diner across the street, sit around the table, and just talk about gaming because we're all gaming nerds.
So here we are 12 years later, we're doing that same thing virtually.
And thanks to the internet we have the world's biggest diner table via our Skype line, our Twitter, and the chat room.
Live.vognetwork.com.
Because after all we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
We are live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern every Sunday right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com.
By the way Rob, since someone complained.
Sup bitches.
Someone complained that you weren't using your usual tagline.
It's not really my usual, I've done it twice.
Well you said a couple weeks ago it was going to be your new tagline.
Okay now it's my, okay, sup bitches.
Stop disappointing the people out there.
Rob, you know what?
Stop being a false icon.
I reject that statement.
Thank you guys so much.
Whether you're listening to us on the podcast feed or via Stitcher or whatever, or listening to us live.
We're up against, you know, the Oscars as being a live Sunday night show.
We typically seem to go up against like every big American thing.
You know, every award show, every Super Bowl, sports-a-thon thing seems to be on a Sunday night.
But you guys are loyal listeners, you're here with us.
So hoping we can include you guys as much as possible as we go through tonight's show.
Let's talk about our kickoff topic real quick.
Since the Oscars are going on after all, I mean I'm going to acknowledge that it's a big movie night.
Although I'm going to be honest, I didn't see a single one of the movies nominated.
I saw maybe like three movies last year.
What was nominated?
I've just become that.
I don't know, everybody's talking about Gravity and 12 Years a Slave is the other one.
And American Hustle, which I should have seen because I do love Jennifer Lawrence.
She's perfect.
I am pissed off though that Saving Mr. Banks didn't show up.
Because it was really good.
I don't even know what that is.
Is that the Disney one?
That was the Disney one.
Okay, I didn't see that.
Tom Hanks should have freaking won everything for being Walt Disney, sorry.
I used to watch the Oscars every year, then I got this show.
Oh well, it's fine. I prefer doing this.
So the Oscars are the Oscars.
But it does beg the question, since we are a video game show, this is usually the time of year where we talk about video game movies.
And the question I want to ask everybody is, you know, and this goes to our chat room as well over at live.vognetwork.com.
What's it going to take, or is it ever going to happen, where a movie based on a video game can actually be a contender for an Oscar?
Because let's be real, most of the video game movies they've put out have been stinkers.
There's only been a few good ones, passable ones.
The original Mortal Kombat I think most people agree, it wasn't bad.
Resident Evil, depending on what you're into, seems like most people.
And they're not quite game canon anyway.
Yeah, they're really not.
First Silent Hill, I really like that.
I didn't even mind the second one.
It wasn't really for everybody.
But let's be real, that game was never going to get, it's not really an Oscar flick, it's a popcorn flick.
But we do see that the caliber of writing in some games these days is really, really good.
Of course, I would be a bad fan boy if I didn't throw out the fact that Mass Effect has some really great writing.
If we kind of overlook that ending thing with number three, I mean they did go back and fix it and then the Citadel DLC.
Clituring some of the characterizations.
Yeah, so we'll overlook the imperfections and say, you know, overall Mass Effect had some great writing.
And who goes to bed in their armor, really?
A lot of people loving Dragon Age as well.
Not to put all the focus on BioWare, because certainly tons of people are really enjoying The Last of Us.
Even Beyond Two Souls, you know, is kind of like a playable type of game.
Or is it a playable type of movie that is a game.
So my question is, do we think we'll ever see the type of movie that actually gets nominated for Oscars?
I'm not talking about just necessarily like special effects Oscars, that's one thing.
I'm talking about like writing, heaven forbid acting, or even a picture nomination.
Could we ever get that type of caliber movie out of a video game?
Or are movies based on video games forever pigeonholed into, well they're gonna suck.
I think it would really just take having the right director behind it, and having the right people in it.
And I think that would turn a lot of it around.
Because I mean, if you actually, going back to the Silent Hill one.
Despite, you know, it being really following more of the game formula with the movie.
The acting in it was really freaking top notch.
It really was good. I mean look who was in it.
Had some of the best, you know, actors, especially, what's her face, that played the big bad lady.
Not that played Dahlia, but played Alice Krieg the bored queen.
Oh my god I love her. She is perfectly creepy.
I wanted all of those performances to be nominated because they were really good.
Well I think they got nominated in like science fiction awards and things that are a little more niche.
So we can't say that the movie was completely ignored.
But obviously there were a lot of people that didn't like the movie.
Well I understand. Some of it was a little cheesy.
The little girl was a little bit cheesy.
Silent Hill! Silent Hill!
Okay that part was...
It had its imperfections.
But the rest of it was awesome.
Loki, what do you think?
The only chance I think that they have is like, you know, maybe if that Minecraft movie comes out later on.
Because it's being done by like, was it the guys that did the Lego movie?
I think that could win like the best animated movie or something.
But I don't know.
A lot of the people that bring on video game properties, they don't really take it seriously.
So I just, I don't know if you would really see like Oscar winning performances out of that stuff.
Let's go over to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com and some of the responses.
First we have some other people naming movies that really weren't bad that were based on video games.
AkumaJP says, the first Tomb Raider movie, which actually might have gotten...
Somebody would have to look that up, but I think it might have gotten Oscar nods,
but in like the special effects type of categories.
Like, you know, Angelina Jolie wasn't nominated.
Neither was her leg.
Dungeonbuster says, Prince of Persia wasn't too bad either.
I forgot about that one. I think that's the problem.
Raginator brings up Final Fantasy VII Advent Children.
And some other comments on this topic.
A good video game movie doesn't take the source material as gospel.
They need to tweak it to work as an actual movie.
And we do see, I mean it's not like there isn't movies based on other material.
They have a whole category at the Oscars for that.
Because they have the best screenplay original and best screenplay based on some type of source.
And almost always it's a book.
Either a memoir or a fiction book or what have you.
Once in a while it might even be like a newspaper article.
You know, there might be some other type of inspiration.
But it's not like there isn't a category where a, putting my fanboy hat on, Mass Effect movie couldn't fit into.
But the question is, are we ever going to see something of that caliber? I don't know.
Brad from Pod Culture suggests Bioshock would be a great candidate, I think, for that type of movie.
Even though I'm not into fandom, I think that of all of them, Assassin's Creed II would actually make a good story.
Because it would be historical fiction having to deal with some of the most fucked up politics ever in Renaissance Europe.
Speaking of fandoms, I've always been surprised you're not really into Bioshock.
Like I know you downloaded games, checked them out, but I'm kind of surprised.
I haven't had time to, I started Infinite, remember, right before I started.
And I know you're a big fan of like art direction in games.
And like when I think of games with like A plus art direction, Bioshock Infinite's like up there.
I have the game. I've started playing it.
It's just, you know, with me working at, you know, Locat.
I understand.
I haven't been able to...
I understand.
Degenerate Johnny in chat is placing his bets.
Degenerate Johnny says, the first video game movie that will win an Oscar will be the Warcraft movie because Blizzard never settles less than the best.
I could definitely see Warcraft, I mean, depending on where they're going with it.
I could see Warcraft be one of those special effects, those types of contenders.
Will the writing be good?
There's a lot riding on that movie, isn't there?
We'll see. We will sure see.
I would actually see a movie based off of Assassin's Creed 2.
Just because seeing those Medicis killing each other and busy being Pope, that would be awesome.
Ragenator brings up, if you keep Ue Bull the fuck away from the movies.
You know, I kind of feel like he's a joke that died out several years ago.
I mean, isn't, like, has he been allowed to make a movie?
Loki, you've followed him more than any of us.
Not that you should be proud of that, but has he made any movies lately?
I think he has some new movie coming out soon, but he hasn't really made a whole ton of stuff lately.
I think he's been trying to do his own properties, and he even made, like, was it Tunnel Rats that he wanted to spin off into a game?
I think that happened, but no one cared.
He should make Showgirls 2, honestly.
No. You do not want him touching our beloved Showgirls.
I think he's doing another, remember, the last thing he did was try to kickstart another Postal movie.
He went to Kickstarter?
Yeah, he went to Kickstarter.
People gave that man money?
No, I don't think it, it failed, so he didn't.
What a shock. What a shock.
Didn't he do, now, there was a Dungeon Siege movie with Burt Reynolds in it, am I correct?
There was several Dungeon Siege movies.
Wait, no, I'm sorry, I'm not thinking Dungeon Siege.
There was several, what was the vampire one that he used to do a lot of?
Blood Rain. Several Blood Rain movies.
They were all terrible.
I think we're all kind of over him, and certainly he's the guy that needs to stop giving video game movies a bad name because he's ruining it for all of us.
They had a Blood Rain movie that was a spaghetti western with zombies in it.
What the hell?
I'm sorry, last good zombie movie was that one that I still have of yours?
28 Days Later, although those weren't really zombies?
No, Wild Zero.
Oh, okay.
I need to give that back to you.
Anyway, so we'll see, so some of the chatters predicting Warcraft, my fandom predicts Mass Effect if they could ever make a movie out of that.
Any predictions on what video game would make great source material for an Academy Award winning movie?
I would have a really hard time watching a Mass Effect movie because you know they put some dude, I can't, my head cannon doesn't accept a male Shepard.
I really think they could convince people better that FemShep works than male Shep.
I stan male Shep obviously because of some of the choices I made in the game, but I would accept FemShep in the movie.
Heck yeah.
Especially if they got somebody like, I don't know why but I just keep thinking, I think this is a really easy choice so I apologize to the FemShep fans out there, but for some reason I really picture Scarlett Johansson.
Just because she kicks so much ass as Black Widow.
Yeah, I can see that.
She'd have to, I think, work out a bit more.
Sure.
I mean seriously, you know I actually installed a mod for my Mass Effect 3 that's called the Buff FemShep mod.
That actually makes her look less way fish and more like a career soldier.
It's actually really cool.
As far as like a game, I could see, if you were going to do something animated, I would say Journey.
Oooh.
Have you ever seen any of those different animations where there's no dialogue, it's all set to music?
Oooh.
Or for example like the interstellar 5555.
So you're kind of almost going with a short film almost.
You know what's funny is I was going to make a joke here because Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com suggests Gone Home as a movie and I was going to joke, oh that would be a short film wouldn't it?
Because the game wasn't really that long.
But, you know, actually that's the type of medium that really could work.
It's not like, it's unheard of.
Mortal Kombat now exists in short films on YouTube, the little episodic things they're doing.
But I think that Journey would make like a really neat art film.
You know, I mean it's an art game if you want to be...
And Blackwolf does remind us, Journey's soundtrack already ran a Grammy.
So, it's already on its way to that.
Anyway, alright, we could sit here and fan wank about movies and video games and all this for a very long time.
But we want to get into the gaming news, but we can't get there until we talk about...
Wank Rob, wank as far as the eye can see.
We can't get there to gaming news until we talk about our frame of references and that's why we always do at the top of the show.
How was your gaming week and what were the video games that you were playing this week?
Dark Sakura.
This is actually the first time I've been influenced by a fanfic.
But I started playing Dragon Age 2 again so I could play a mage.
I love your shirt.
Actually, my shirt, since, thank you for...
My shirt actually says Realm Maintenance.
It's actually another podcast that's out there and the host of Realm Maintenance, Ro, was kind enough to give me this shirt at BlizzCon.
So, shout out to Ro and his fantastic podcast, Realm Maintenance, which is great in the Warcraft podcast community.
I really wish we had something like it in the general gaming community. Anyhow, sorry, go ahead.
Well, I did start Dragon Age 2 again, except I'm not too happy with how my Hawk looks.
So I'm going to redo her because I have a crap ton of mods.
And unfortunately, some of the mods that I put in made Aveline's face turn black.
So I ended up installing this mod that makes Aveline look like the default Hawk, except blonde or something.
So I was like, okay, whatever, I can deal with Aveline being pretty.
But I started Dragon Age 2 again, playing some more Mass Effect 3, just because I want to...
I put my retagon game on hold for the longest time, so now I'm just trying to finish it.
And we just cured the genophage.
Ooh, I had cries again because...
Crying.
Still playing Animal Crossing because what the fuck else?
Because those animals need Aaron's Run stat.
Hey, I have no more Ed, so it's glorious.
That dresser ain't going to run its way over to whatever's house by itself.
I'm like, hey, can you give this to Eric?
Eric walks right by.
Sure?
My townsfolk are stupid.
So yeah, I played something else. I'm trying to remember what it was.
Oh yeah, I did actually play Govellius on iOS, and it sucks. So I deleted it.
I also did play the candy... what was the original?
Candy swipe?
Candy swipe? It's not fun.
I mean, no offense to the guy, because it's not that the game isn't fun, it's that the music sucks.
Get better music for it, and I'll play it more often.
That poor guy probably did it all himself on a Casio keyboard.
It sounds like something, just, no, I could do better.
Even if you hire me, I will do better.
But I still bought the game, I still supported it, and I'm still telling people not to buy Candy Suck.
I mean, Candy Crush or whatever the fuck they stupid shits call it.
And I've had some wine, so I feel great.
I played something else, but...
If Dark Soccer and I are a bit all over the place tonight, you'll know who to thank.
It took me drinking half a bottle last night to be slightly tipsy.
You can ask Becky, because she was there.
Oh yeah, I played Final Fantasy XIV.
And thank you to everybody who helped me finish Braeflop.
I mean, Braeflox is whatever the crap is called.
But I still think it's funny to call it Braeflop, even though that's the best dungeon so far.
Because you're outside, and there's crap going on.
And you get to shoot fireflies. That's kind of cool.
So yeah, I had a really good time playing Final Fantasy XIV, and I will get to play much more of it, and back to other games.
Alright.
So, stuff and things.
I almost felt like I was going to throw up watching Dan play Forza.
That good, huh? Is that the new one on Xbox One or one of the other ones?
No, it's not Forza. It was some other racing sim he has on his triple screen.
What was that one? It's like an actual rally racing sim.
Dirt?
No, it's got some sort of interesting European sounding name, and whatever.
One of them.
Some game, some game.
Probably Toca?
No, it was two words, but I forget.
Anyway, Dan's doing his big sim racing thing again.
They had it running all day, so I got really tired of hearing...
You know, so I was like, I'm going to hide in the back room.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I didn't play a ton of stuff, because, you know, time and everything,
but I did manage to play a few things.
Sadly, not a lot of it I can really talk about, just because one of...
Well, I can mention that I played Chroma, because I got into the alpha for that.
I just can't mention what I thought about it.
I mean, other than it was good, I guess.
I played a little bit of South Park, the Stick of Truth.
My God, is that game amazing.
It is just fantastic.
The humor in it is spot on, and it literally looks like you're watching the show.
It's just awesome.
Wait, hold on, because a lot of people are kind of worried,
because there's, you know, tight embargoes on South Park,
and I guess the reviews aren't going to pop up until right when the game comes out,
but knowing, you know, that you have your connections and things,
not piracy, we're talking about other connections that Loki has,
you sometimes get things early, so you've actually had a chance to play it?
Yeah, just a little bit, like 30 minutes.
Oh, because one of the big questions out there is that the rumor is the game is really short.
Like seven to eight hours.
I don't know about that.
Okay, well, I'm just throwing it out there, for better or worse.
The rumor is that the game is only like seven to eight hours,
which for an RPG is really short.
But, I mean, if it can deliver the funny for seven to eight hours,
I still, I like, I don't know, I kind of,
like the South Park movie is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen in my entire life,
so if this game can deliver that for seven to eight hours,
I do kind of think it's worth the $60, honestly, but we'll see, we'll see.
It's pretty funny, there's a part in the very beginning of the game where you go to Cartman's house,
and then you're standing there, and you're walking through the living room,
and his mom's there, oh, you're a friend.
And so, one of the options is to talk to her,
and you try to talk to her, and Cartman's like,
she's not part of the game.
And so I just thought that was hilarious.
Where they have like, you know, you can take a shit in your toilet
and pick up the shit so you can throw it at people.
You know, it's just, I don't know, it's just really South Park humor.
Classy.
Yeah.
And then I think I'm pretty sure from what I read in the beta stuff
that it's okay to talk about,
the latest beta was for Elder Scrolls Online.
I played a few minutes of that.
I wasn't a big fan of the game,
well, I mean, when it first was down,
so I was like, oh my god, this game looks awesome.
And every little bit of news that I heard after that,
it's just been kind of going downhill.
And I played it, and it didn't change my mind.
I mean, it looks like an Elder Scrolls game,
but it's just kind of, I don't know,
missing something, like charm, I guess.
But I mean, it's a beta still,
so obviously the opening cutscene stuff's gone,
and they don't have that there.
They have a little text thing explaining what the cutscene was going to look like.
And the combat's kind of okay.
I was a little pissed off that it didn't support controllers,
because that's what I normally play stuff on,
and so I had to do kind of keyboard, mouse,
and it worked all right.
But it's just, I don't know, I would definitely not pay for it.
But I don't know, people will be excited about it, I guess.
Coming out in a couple months.
We've been talking about that game pretty extensively over on Hoard House,
where we talk about a lot of the multiplayer and online games,
and I have to admit, I wasn't even drinking on the show this weekend.
I kind of became a little unhinged at the whole Elder Scrolls thing,
because I'm just really shocked that they're going to charge a monthly fee for it,
and every sign points to it's not going to work for them,
and they're going to reverse on that mighty quick.
I mean, we might be wrong, but we'll see, we'll see.
The initial buzz doesn't look too great.
Yeah, I don't know. It just seems very basic to me.
But, like I said, I didn't give it that much time.
But I was short on time, I was like, okay, well, I can play more Elder Scrolls,
or I could play South Park.
I'll play South Park.
There you go.
All right.
That's pretty much it.
That's it.
Well, my gaming week.
I've got to admit, I didn't play a lot of new stuff,
because I'm still trucking along in Final Fantasy XIV.
But, again, I've been focusing on a game that I kind of went back to
after a little while away.
I've been talking about the past couple weeks on the show Diablo III
on the PlayStation 3, which I was playing,
and I was talking about how it kind of controls weird,
but, gosh, it makes me really curious to go back and check out the PC version.
Well, like Clockwork, the PC version got a huge patch this last week,
the 2.0 patch, because they've got that expansion coming
that they want to get sold copies of
and convince people they need to go to level 70
and play as a Crusader and so forth.
So there's a huge patch that went out for Diablo this weekend.
It added clans into the game.
But most importantly, it changed the loot system completely.
And now the loot you get, the vast majority of it,
like 90% of it is something your class can actually use,
with the minority being stuff that you might want to put in your stash
to give to other characters.
And the other huge change they made was the difficulty settings.
They completely eliminated the fact that there are four difficulty levels.
There was, what, Normal and Hell and Inferno.
I don't remember what they were all called.
But there was the four different difficulty levels.
They eliminated that completely.
And now all of the characters scale to your level,
and you choose, do you want it to be Normal, where it's kind of easy?
Do you want it to be Hard, where it's a little more difficult,
but you get increased experience and gold drops?
Do you want it to be Terror, where it's even hard?
And so on.
So they changed it so that you have a little more tweak
over how difficult the game is, as opposed to,
you've got this track, this track, this track, and this track.
And I've got to tell you, when I first read that,
I was a little bit like, oh, level scaling?
I don't know.
That doesn't work so well in Final Fantasy.
But it really does work in Diablo III.
Because Normal, yeah, you can kind of steamroll it.
And even Hard, if you have the right gear, is not really...
I've been playing mostly in Hard, and it's really not that hard.
But as you get into other difficulties, I imagine things get a lot more difficult,
especially as you bring more players in the mix.
So it really does feel like you have way more control
over how difficult the game is, as opposed to,
you've got these four vanilla tracks.
So I think in some regards, that has really changed the game.
And most people I know that have gone back and played the game say,
wow, Diablo III is really fun.
And it's not like they didn't go back and add really a lot of story,
or they didn't really change the game in that regard.
It's just they made a few key design changes
that have really flipped the game upside down for some people in a good way.
The Auction House is still there, but that will be eliminated in about two weeks, I think.
And it's really a footnote now.
You kind of have to really search for it to find it.
Because obviously they want to make it so you can just strip it out really easy
and you're not even going to be able to notice.
I couldn't even find the Real Money Auction House.
I think that's already gone.
Or that is so well hidden, I couldn't even find that.
So, yeah, if you were not wanting to play Diablo III
because of some of the Auction House fuckery and all that,
it's different now.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says,
Does it have BBF mode or Bobby Black Wolf Forever mode?
So we sometimes call it.
Yes and no.
I mean, no, there's no super easy mode.
But if you play on normal and you're just staying on top of your gear drops
and replacing it, you will not have a problem.
I really can't see that you're going to die an awful lot.
And if you die, oh well.
You run back to your corpse and you come back without penalty.
It's hardcore mode where you have to worry about that.
Because in hardcore mode is the whole die once, die forever.
I always kind of preferred the way Path of Exile handled that,
where if you die in hardcore mode,
your character is bumped down to the normal bracket
and you can't play hardcore again on that character.
I kind of like that a little better.
It doesn't make the loss feel as severe,
but the stakes are high when you decide to be a hardcore player.
And it's so funny, because I actually did start a hardcore barbarian this week
and I did not think I would like playing a barbarian,
but they're actually a lot of fun.
But anyway, when you start a hardcore character,
you basically have to sign a waiver, so to speak, with your mouse.
It's like, this character will be gone forever if you die.
Customer support will not bring these back for any reason.
You have to accept this before you play.
So it's pretty awesome.
Anyway, I'm sure a lot of people got their free copy of Diablo 3
with the whole blood pact that Blizzard did with World of Warcraft some time ago.
And even if you didn't, it's pretty cheap now, I think,
because they have that expansion.
They're going to try to make their money on the expansion.
And they really...
When you go to select a character,
Crusader is just one of the options right there.
You can pick just a witch doctor or barbarian
or something that's in the game normally.
But of course, if you try to click OK, it'll say,
oh, Crusader is only available in Reaper of Souls.
Give us your credit card now.
You know, that whole type of thing.
But yeah, Diablo 3, it's changed for the better.
And if you had the game already,
you didn't have to pay a monthly fee for it or anything.
So reinstall it and check it out and see what you missed out on.
Or not so much what you missed out on,
but see what's new because it is worth checking out again.
That oddly enough reminded me of what the other thing was, by the way.
League of Legends.
Oh, that's right. You started randomly getting into that, huh?
I installed it just to see what it's like, but I haven't tried it yet.
Well, that's nothing. You didn't play it then.
Just saying.
It doesn't count.
It's on my computer.
Next. Well, big deal.
I got a lot of stuff on my computer I've never touched either.
You want to look at my Steam library?
All right.
After I get through going through mine.
Well, as we get into the news a little later on tonight,
we can go through each other's.
Ooh.
All right.
Some housekeeping first before we get there.
As a reminder, there will be no show on March 16th.
Or I should say no live show.
I need to talk to Dark Soccer and Loki because I want to put something together
that may be pre, you know, done in advance or whatever.
So we'll try to do that.
That way you podcast folks don't have to go a week with no show.
But we will not be here live on March 16th.
That is because the studio is moving.
Because I am moving.
Much more space.
They're growing legs and they're walking.
Well, there's going to be space.
And with space means we can consider the webcam.
That's all I'm going to say.
That's all I'm going to say.
I'm not going to promise nothing.
So.
I'll be wearing a sheet.
We can put you in a box.
I'm going to become the Berka Avenger.
We can put you in a box.
I'll be cosplaying her every week.
So no show, no live show on March 16th.
And of course you can follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And one other important piece of housekeeping.
For the past couple weeks we've been talking about a fun little free game,
a parody game that's available over at VoG network dot com.
It is Flappy VoG.
And Flappy VoG.
Flappy VoG did get its second character pack tonight.
It is character pack two, the final.
And the sole star of character pack two is Loki.
So if you've.
And I got to say though, Loki's lines are pretty hilarious.
I won't spoil it here.
But well done sir.
I laughed.
I laughed a lot.
I played it for a little bit and I'm already getting tired of hearing my voice.
Yeah.
So you can check that out over at Flappy dot VoG network dot com.
But as we talked about earlier on the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Part of joke.
Part of parody.
Part of satire is that you got to know when to walk away.
And the joke's already starting to get a little stale.
Loki doing it has breathed some life into it.
But after this it is for sure done.
We're not going to really talk about it anymore.
You got that song stuck in my head now.
What song?
The Gambler.
I'm a joker.
I'm a smoker.
You got to know when to hold it.
Alright.
Walk away.
Are you going to serenade us with some karaoke revolution tonight?
No.
Some Sing Star?
No.
You're already singing the Joker when I was talking about The Gambler.
I have Sing Star Abba and Sing Star Queen.
I need to borrow by the way Sing Star Abba.
In hell.
Alright.
Bitch.
Let's see if I bring you anyone.
Let's get to.
Although I think it was already here.
Let's get to some gaming news.
Loki will start us off while Dark Soccer and I fight over my copy of Sing Star Abba.
Loki.
Well, with the phasing out of a lot of the Wii stuff, they are now pulling the plug on
online play for the Wii and the DS.
Because hey!
They have a Wii U and a 3DS that they want you to buy.
So if you want to play online with people, you can buy a new system.
And that is happening May 20th.
And of course, that shuts down such things as just online play.
Also, some of the stuff that will not be affected.
Of course, anything that involves you paying them money.
So the DSi shop or the Wii.
What was it?
The Wii shop.
Those are staying open.
Of course, the browsers and Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, etc.
That's all going to still work.
But remember, they took away the weather and news channel.
Well, now they are taking away online as well.
That does kind of suck.
I love to spin the globe and the weather channel and check out what the weather is going to
be like in Antarctica.
I mean, I guess I could do that online.
It's cold.
Yeah, it is kind of disappointing that they have removed online for their games.
Especially when you consider that a lot of other systems out there, their games are still
alive and kicking.
Some of the thought might have been that this was due to the fact that they are releasing
their servers through GameFly or GameSpy.
And because of that, and I think that they went under new ownership that the fees are
a lot higher.
So now they're just kind of cutting their losses and hopefully trying to drive people
to play stuff on the Wii U.
Also, considering I think one of the more popular games on there was Mario Kart Wii,
and it literally shuts down 10 days before Mario Kart 8 comes out.
So that could be something.
Hmm.
A little bit aptly timed there.
By the way, in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, VX JasonXV is in chat and talks about how he
likes to spin the globe and the Weather Channel and comes across Cockburn Town.
There's a place called Cockburn Town.
I had no idea.
There's a Cockburn Town.
Probably.
I knew there was a Fuck Austria.
I knew about that.
Is it Fucking or Fuck?
One of the two.
I think it's Fucking or something, Austria.
But I did not know there was a Cockburn Town, but apparently, yes, it is the capital of
the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Who knew?
Fun.
Go visit Cockburn Town, everybody.
There's also stuff called Cockaleaky Soup, which I just think is funny.
It's basically Chicken and Leek Soup, but it's called Cockaleaky.
No comment.
Hello all of our friends in Scotland.
And it's not like you can't do this on theweatherchannel.com or maps.google or whatever, but I don't
know.
There was something very therapeutic.
Just roll with me here.
Surely I can't be the only one.
I know Jason just admitted to doing this too.
There was something very therapeutic to that little music in the Wii Weather Channel, the
doo doo doo.
Little ambient Philip Glass shit that they would play in the background.
I love Philip Glass.
He would just like spin the globe, spin the globe, spin the globe, spin the globe.
And then like, Ooh, what's the weather going to be like here?
Stop.
No way.
He's fucking Austria.
All right.
Anyway, but, but, but, but, but there's also hell and there's um, the crap else I was thinking
of.
Um, there's a cool California.
Yeah.
There's weed California.
That's right.
They, they make a killing off shirts.
Yes, they do merchandise.
I went to weed and all I got was this shirt.
All right.
So what do you mean to derail what you were saying?
Was there anything?
No, no, that, that's pretty much it.
I mean, it's just kind of sucks that they're, you know, shutting down the online, but they've
already kind of written that console off and to be honest, there's not really any games
coming out for it anymore.
There's some of these really small third party guys.
They're still releasing things, but no major companies supporting that system anymore.
Ironically, same with the Wii U, but you know, Hey, uh, I don't know.
It's, I don't, if they're thinking that turning off online is going to get people to, you
know, force them into buying a Wii U, then I don't think that's going to happen.
I think if anything, it's just a kind of save some money.
I'm not, I know there's a lot of people that want to shout conspiracy theory and all this
stuff.
I'm not necessarily convinced that's the case.
I kind of think that was already the case when Nintendo started releasing these consoles
because the last two skews of the Wii didn't even have online in it.
Right.
The Wii U friendly mini Wiis or whatever that didn't, that was just the Wii mini and it
didn't even sell that well.
They, they released that very limited and that was it.
Um, I still think the Wii has online.
It's just that doesn't have backwards compatibility at the GameCube anymore.
I think the reality is people aren't playing these games online anymore because they've
all moved on to either Wii U or let's be real PlayStation and Xbox games.
You know, I don't, I just, and I think anybody that's still playing these games probably
is playing them in the same room or whatever.
You know, what's going to sadly happen with a lot of this stuff and I think this might
be the case is, you know, um, there are pretty capable Wii emulators out there that have
online, I think support or for multiplayer or something.
That might be the option is that they do it that way.
Some sort of tunneling.
Um, I had mentioned before like, uh, for the Xbox and Xbox 360, I think PSP and GameCube,
they have options there called tunneling programs and basically it tricks the system into thinking
that it's doing like a system linker land game, but instead it's going over the internet.
And so you kind of peer with other people that way, but it connects via land.
See they, cause they have that with the GameCube, although it wasn't a feature that a lot of
people use, like for example, with Double Dash, but you know, the Wii never had that.
There was no land games on the Wii.
Right.
Um, well, and that's, that's the only bummer of this to me.
I mean, I can accept the fact that really nobody's playing these games online anymore,
so it's time for them to come down.
And if I really wanted to play Mario Kart Wii online, then I probably should have been
doing that the past three years.
I'm sure Nintendo is looking at reports and there's, there's so few people that are playing
these games online, it's not cost effective to keep the servers going.
I get that.
But the part of me that loves classic games, as we talk about a lot here on Orange Launch
Radio, classic gaming, the part of me that loves classic games is a little bit disappointed
that nobody will ever be able to play a game of Mario Kart, I mean, after May, will be
able to play a game of Mario Kart Wii over the internet, at least through any type of
official means.
I mean, you're going to have to hack a system like you're talking about or, or do emulators
or some type of, you know, underground things in order to do that.
That's, that's the only part of it that's a little bit disappointing to me.
I mean, I'll get over that, but that's the only bummer is that, you know, in 10, 15 years
when we want to look back on gaming's history, the way we look back fondly on a lot of our
NES games and, and, you know, Genesis games, Atari games of the past, we're not going to
be able to do that completely with these internet enabled games.
But, I mean, this is, this is a complaint that isn't limited in Nintendo.
It's something, I mean, obviously EA pulls servers down all the time and so on and so
on.
So.
Yeah.
So, uh, yeah, I guess Nintendo's just following the trend in that regard, but, uh, yeah, I
mean, there are some games though on the DS that, you know, haven't really seen any type
of re-imagining.
I know Bobby was talking a lot about clubhouse games tonight.
Um, Allen had brought up, was it Pokemon puzzle league or was it, no, that was a Nintendo
64 game, that puzzle planet puzzle league or same type of thing, but it was on the DS,
you know, those types of games don't really exist on the 3DS, at least yet.
Ooh, Loki, here's a tinfoil hat thought.
Tell me what you think.
Aren't DS games supposed to be coming to the Wii U virtual console?
That is true.
Do you see where I'm going with this?
Do you think they will have online enabled?
Uh, if, uh, probably, um, if, you know, I don't know, probably, um, but once again with
the DS though, although they don't have a tunneling program available, anything that
can play, you can play locally, should be able to connect over, um, the internet if
someone finishes the tunneling program for that.
But yeah, I see what you're saying is that, you know, maybe they're going to add, uh,
you know, multi- online multiplayer to DS games.
I would like to hope that that's going to be something that they do, although they tend
to go the lazy route with a lot of these things and not add features like that.
They just kind of put the bare minimum, okay, games on, you know, virtual console.
That's it.
Still, it's, it's one of those questions you got to wonder about, and Bobby Blackwolf
and Chad says, I don't think they'll have online enabled because they're shutting off
the servers, but what if, what if they decide to release Metroid Prime Hunters?
I really think they should bring back online for something like that.
Like I, I, you can't sell an emulated copy of the game without really giving you the
full experience, right?
Because, you know, it will have been at that point, what, a good five, six, seven years
since that game originally first came out by the time they released this on virtual
console.
I don't know, just throwing it out there, throwing it out there.
Tigerclaw wants to say, don't worry, Mario Kart 7 has race courses from Mario Kart Wii.
Then soon, Mario Kart 8 will have race courses from the Wii and 3DS version.
Nintendo likes to recycle the old tracks in each iteration.
That is a true point, Tigerclaw, but it is selections, and of course, your favorite track
never seems to make the cut, now does it?
Maybe it does, but for a lot of people, they always go, well, they should have had this
track in the game.
Of course, it would be very interesting if they decide to do DLC.
I mean, think about it, couldn't Mario Kart 8 feasibly have every Mario Kart course ever
made?
They could just do it through DLC?
They won't do that, because they're remaking all the tracks.
Like even they have one from the Game Boy Advance or whatever, and it looks completely
different now, because they've completely changed it up.
So I don't think they're going to go back and remake all the tracks.
The problem, they may have like a DLC pack, but that's it.
Maybe that's even just more characters, they might not even go the route of making more
courses.
Alright, well I'm going to move on to another story here that has to do with Nintendo and
some of the things that they should or they shouldn't be doing.
This is a comment that really spread around the internet this week from Seth Fisher, who's
a big hedge fund manager in Asia.
So he's of the investor sort, and investors haven't been making a lot of great comments
about Nintendo lately, but this one is one of the ones that takes the cake.
Because they say Nintendo has a huge library of casual games, and so they should get to
smartphone and tablet-based gaming, right?
So we've heard this one before, right?
But here's the quote.
Quote, Nintendo needs to embrace this thematic change in consumer demand, behavior, and expectations
to stay relevant.
It is readily apparent that the standard elasticity of demand principle no longer applies in the
consumer entertainment market when access requires the purchase of a physical project.
As the holder of what is arguably the largest library of casual games, Nintendo is well
placed to make an immediate entry into mobile.
Okay, well, that's fine, but then this led into talk about, well, you know, because you
see in Candy Crush Saga, they get billions of dollars, what was it, $1.9 billion in revenue
or whatever it was they made.
What if we just had it where you could pay 99 cents to make Mario jump a little higher?
And like my head exploded hearing that, especially with all this talk of Donkey Kong Country
this week and how insanely difficult it is on the Wii U.
I mean, that's part of the experience.
I mean, Nintendo makes A plus platformers and for a reason and suddenly changing that
formula where, oh, Mario can jump just a little bit higher for 99 cents is really gonna, that's
shitty.
That's somebody who does not get it.
Yeah, right.
Who's not, who does not get the point of having a game.
People like this tend to loop video games.
See, there's a key in here.
He just wants to exploit a market and not make a good product.
Well, the problem is these folks that are tunnel visioned here, which I understand the
goal is to make money.
That's what investment is.
He wants your company to make money.
I get that.
But when we get really tunnel visioned, we, we start to think that, oh, Mario, Candy Crush,
the same thing.
No, not even close.
I mean, for better or worse, at least Nintendo has got way better clout amongst gamers and
there's a certain expectation from a Nintendo product than there is, you know, King.
You have something that's only looking on the money making aspect of it.
You're going to eventually get too many jaded consumers who aren't going to put their investment
in the product.
They want something that's going to be fun, that is a game to enjoy, then they're going
to spend the money on it.
You know, how many of these different clones out there that are just, you know, revenue
monsters really get as successful as some of these little single ones do and then people
forget about it.
Move on to the next one.
I think another thing these investors tend to forget is that Candy Crush Saga is a flash
in the fucking pan.
It's a flash in the pan, just like Farmville and you notice how quickly Zynga went up and
now they fell.
I mean, they're not out of business per se, but Zynga has come down from their peak.
We know that the same, the bubble is going to burst on Candy Crush Saga as well.
In fact, I would argue it's already beginning to burst because of all that negative publicity
they got.
We'll get into that a little later in the show, but my point is that bubble is going
to burst.
Now maybe for an investor, that's not such a bad thing because it's like you're trying
to ride the waves of the ocean.
You try to catch a company, right?
It's going to go up and then you sell, sell, sell, sell, sell right before it's going to
go down.
You get onto the next big flash in the pan.
That's how, you know, a lot of the stock market works, but that's not what we expect.
Nintendo is not a flash in the pan.
I really don't, even if you're the biggest Nintendo critic in the world and you hate
the Wii U, you've got to admit, Nintendo is not a flash in the pan.
There's a certain expectation.
There's a certain expectation you have out of Nintendo and I think that's why people
are disappointed in the Wii U.
Loki, any thoughts before we move on?
This is why, you know, companies tend not to listen to, you know, each investor because
you put money down in the company and all of a sudden you think that you run it.
I mean, it's just, I don't know.
I think it's, it's a dumb idea.
They already own the handheld console market.
I don't think that they need to really change what they're doing.
All right.
Fair enough.
Let's move on to something else besides Nintendo.
Dark Soccer.
What do you have for us?
Well, um, the, uh, we've brought this up before about Steam, uh, starting their, uh, family
op, the Steam Family Sharing and, uh, well, it's now out of beta.
It's official.
You can do the Steam Family Sharing.
So basically, it lets for, uh, anyone who, you know, is family or trusted friend or something
like that, that has, uh, access to the different games, um, be it PC, be it Mac or Linux, um,
via Steam, they can share their libraries with each other, um, and so they can basically
share their progress over the Steam Cloud, which, I mean, like for me and Dan, we have
a few overlapping games.
This would actually be great because then we can, you know, share our games with each
other, um, instead of each of us both having to buy five different versions of Strider
like we did, and I haven't played it yet, um, but it's pretty neat.
I mean, they've got all the details on it on their website, and I'm thinking that he
and I should give it a try this week.
Something really fascinating about this feature that I find, and maybe this is just my own
experiences, but it's, it's horrifically underused, like, I, I, I've been in the beta for a while,
and I was even telling friends of mine, like, yeah, you want to check out that game?
Because I, I'll get the Steam thing set up on your computer at some point, but they never,
we never do it.
Like, they never really want to play it that bad enough, and even Alan and I are still
buying, like, two copies of the same game, maybe not as bad as we used to, but, like,
you know, he has access to my Steam library.
I don't think he really uses it, like, and not, you know, I'm just saying, I think it's
an underused feature right now.
It's really weird because I think there was that perception out there that, oh, people
are gonna share their library with 10 different people, and, you know, that's why Steam has
to lock them out, but, like, that, at least in my experience, that isn't happening.
I have, like, offered up my library, and no, I'm not gonna give it to any random listener,
but trusted friends of mine that kind of don't seem to care.
It's because we all have 200-some games that we haven't played yet.
And maybe that's, maybe that's really it, Loki.
I wouldn't doubt that that's an issue.
Well, I'm, I'm just gonna enable mine for Dan anyway, you know, because he, I've had
some games that I've told him to check out, and he just said, oh, well, I don't want to
buy it, so now you can check him out.
Yeah, and, and, and Alan and I really need to set a rule, quote-unquote, that we don't
buy two of the same game anymore with this.
Unless you've got multiplayer and you both want to play together.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Something like that the case, or whatever, but, you know.
Yeah.
But, I mean, it's, it's still, regardless of how utilized it's gonna be, I still think
it's a good, it's a good thing to have.
It gives more value to individual purchases, and it will make, um, honestly, I think it
might alleviate the need to have so many consistent sales, at least for big titles.
It make it, uh, you get, you get more value out of the game, so the bigger titles will
sell while they're still closer to full price.
All right.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask the chatters about this in a minute, but I'll move on, because
I know we have more Steam news, and I want to come back and ask the chatters a question.
So let's go to Loki.
So I'm surprised that this wasn't a thing in the first place, but apparently there was
a big elaborate process in order to, you know, put your titles on sale if you were someone
selling a game on Steam.
Well now they have some sort of modifications to that with the new Steam Work tools that
allows you to configure discounts for custom sale periods, or opt-in to take part in an
upcoming week-long sale.
And you can also configure when the discounts will start, or if they start at a specific
time, or how long to run, and that kind of thing.
That seems like something that should have been there in the first place, but now I like
the idea of it because now it gets people, you know, on Steam checking it, you know,
all the time instead of just waiting for, you know, a holiday sale or something.
Yeah, I kind of thought this was already a thing, like, I kind of didn't realize that
publishers didn't really have control over that, although it does seem like every sale
that we see on Steam is very timed.
Like there's always the week sale, the weekend sale, the holiday sales, you know, and so
on and so on.
There's not really, like, random sales, and that's what you're going to start seeing now,
right?
I guess, yeah.
So, I don't know, that was just kind of interesting.
Hold on, before you get to the next Steam story, I've got one thing here I want to ask
our folks, and I'm actually going to make this a live poll, because, you know, I love
my live polls.
So, we're going to ask the audience over at live.vognetwork.com a question right now,
and that question is quite simple.
Have you used Steam Family Sharing?
And I try to really limit the number of answers here because I want a clear picture.
Yes, I use it regularly.
I used it once.
Or nope.
Answer now, live listeners, you've got to be logged in over at live.vognetwork.com and
it'll show up at the bottom of the screen.
I'm only going to leave this open for a couple minutes, so hurry up and vote over at live.vognetwork.com.
Loki, back to you.
Alright, and then the other thing is, finally, the Steam music is going into beta, and so
they've, I guess, put out the first round of invites, and I guess for a limited time
you'll be able to stream some MP3s, I guess, currently only MP3s, and then later they're
going to add more formats, and I guess users can purchase game soundtracks or other things
like that.
So that's kind of neat.
I guess you're going to start selling music as well, and then allow you to, you know,
I don't know.
For me, I don't think this would be a big, like, something I would want to use just because,
you know, I'm playing on PC, I can just play music in the background.
But I guess with this being tied in, you know, it would like maybe shut off the music in
the game or something to that effect.
I don't know.
I just don't know what the advantage would be going this route versus, you know, just
playing music on my computer.
Is it something maybe for the Steam Box?
Like kind of like a long-term vision type of thing?
Well, it is something that's limited to SteamOS and big picture mode, but I don't know.
Apparently they're going to have an interface also that's going to be for just the regular
desktop version, but right now it's just for those two versions, so.
I don't know.
Once again, you know, not a feature I even really use on consoles either, so.
I don't know.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I guess it's just, you know, it allows them to sell more things.
Jason in our chat has a perspective.
Our buddy VXJ6V says, Steam music exists for one reason.
Valve needed a player in SteamOS.
Steam music as it stands is kind of bunk, in my opinion.
I guess that makes sense.
Yeah, I mean, when these Steam Boxes come out, my assumption is they need to be able
to play media as a part of it, right?
Because a lot of people razz the fact that the PS4 won't play an audio CD, I think.
So.
Anyhow.
All right, we'll do one more story and then we'll go to the results of the poll here.
So we've been talking about Steam.
Let's talk about sharing of a different nature because some big news came out this week about
Twitch TV and how they're going to integrate with the Xbox One.
Now, a lot of folks have been anticipating when this is going to happen, when this is
going to happen, and some folks thinking that Microsoft may wait until E3, but it looks
like we are going to get it a little bit sooner.
We're going to get Twitch streaming on the Xbox One on March 11th, and this is kind of
timed a little bit key because that is when Titanfall is supposed to come out.
So make no mistake.
I'm sure the rush was, hey, if we can get this enabled in time for Titanfall, that'll
be a lot of free publicity for that game through the Xbox One Twitch integration.
So they are working on that.
Now, the nice thing about Twitch on the Xbox One versus the PlayStation 4, on the PlayStation
4, those cameras are still impossible to find.
Let me tell you.
I don't know what the hell's going on there.
I thought after the Japanese launch it might get easier, but no, it seems like they stopped
making them or something.
But with the Xbox One, that ain't going to be an issue because everybody's got a camera
in their house.
Also, it seems like they've kind of taken the Twitch integration to the next level than
what you see on PlayStation 4 because you're going to have that chat room on the side that
looks a little more like it does on Twitch TV where you have the emote icons, the different
colors by people's names.
I don't know if this is to maybe enable some of the subscription things where subscribed
users get their own emote icons or what, but there's that.
The CEO of Twitch, Emmet Shear, told the Associated Press, it is a complete integration.
It's exciting because we've never had the ability to broadcast from a console like this
with such a deep level of integration.
The concept of being able to join a broadcaster's party is really cool, and it's another step
in the direction of interacting more closely with broadcasters.
No word yet if PlayStation 4's version will be patched or updated to try and compete with
this a little bit.
We will see.
There will also be, and this is kind of a big deal, they're also going to be able to
archive the streams on the Xbox One, which is something you can do with Twitch on the
PC.
For whatever reason, PlayStation 4 streaming will not archive broadcasts right now, and
when pressed for comments, Sony wouldn't make a comment on if this is going to change.
I sort of think they're going to have to be pressured into it, but my thought was, I thought
that was all on Twitch's side, but maybe there's something where Sony's providing some of the
oomph?
I really don't know.
To start streaming to Twitch, apparently all you have to do is say Xbox broadcast, which
I'm sure will open up the Xbox Ones to all sorts of trolling, but we'll see.
So there you go.
I know you don't own an Xbox One Loki, but let's say hypothetically you did.
Would you be excited about this Twitch sharing?
Would you be using this, or?
I don't know if I'd be using it.
Even if I had a PlayStation 4, I don't know if I'd be using it.
Maybe.
I don't know.
This is a good time.
I've done a limited streaming on the PlayStation 4.
It works really well.
Like streaming Final Fantasy XIV from my PlayStation 4 is better than the PC, but that just might
be the fact that my PC's five years old as well.
I guess if someone really wants to watch me play games, I mean, sure, why not?
Alright, well before we get to the next story, let's get to the results of the live poll.
We asked our live listeners, have you used Steam Family Sharing?
That was the question, and the three options were, yes, I use it regularly.
I used it once, or nope.
Get this, guys.
Eighty-two percent, no.
Never used it.
Fourteen percent, I used it once.
And only single digits, probably like one or two people saying, yes, I use it regularly.
Fascinating.
So there you go.
Interesting.
So much hype for such a feature that people really don't seem to be using at all.
Very interesting.
Just pointing that out.
Anyhow, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
Well this was actually a big rumor going that Blockbuster had been licensed out, that Dish
Network licensed Blockbuster brand to Crash Entertainment.
This has actually been determined to be incorrect.
The story actually came out, it was a few days ago, and then it was updated to say that
Dish said, no, we haven't done this.
Dish Network and Blockbuster have not entered any sort of licensing agreement.
This is for Blockbuster in the UK, by the way.
And that Crash Entertainment said that it had a claim that it licensed Blockbuster,
and then it looked like it was actually not true either.
However, they said they wanted to open ten new Blockbuster stores in 2014.
It was on their website, and it has been removed from their website.
So no Blockbuster, sorry.
So Blockbuster was going to be a thing, and now it's not a thing anymore.
Yeah.
Subtle would interest some people, you know, in case you wanted to get a, you know...
Aren't there still stores here and there?
No?
No, God, yeah.
I guess I was thinking the one that I used to see over on, I know this is going to be
lost on non-local people, but there was one over on Greenback and Hazel for the longest
time.
No, not anymore.
It's not there anymore, huh?
Yeah, it's closed.
Wow.
That one that was near my house is gone too.
And I mean, we had a friend who was a manager at one, and yeah, they're gone.
Interesting.
I didn't realize they were all gone.
I mean, it makes sense, sadly.
Yeah, that ship sank.
My first minimum wage job was at a video store, not Blockbuster, but a local chain, which
is Blockbuster and Hollywood put that chain under that I used to work for.
And then, you know, now it's kind of interesting that Hollywood went under and now Blockbuster
went under.
So it's just, that's how technology can really change the commerce in our world.
So interesting.
Alrighty, we have some more stories for you guys, but first we're going to travel around
the world and check out some release dates and see what's coming out in a game store
near you.
And, Logie?
Not a whole ton this week.
It's pretty much just South Park, The Stick of Truth on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Zoo Tycoon, I think, is getting a disc release this week on Xbox One, and they have an XCOM
Enemy Unknown Complete Edition coming out on PC, kind of a re-release for that.
That is it.
Alright, let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases there.
PlayStation 4 is still laying on their launch lineup.
There's no new games, really, until mid-March, so we've got a few weeks before we start seeing
more on the PlayStation 4, but as a reminder, it is out in Japan, so they are eating up
their launch content right now.
On the PlayStation 3, however, a little different because we do have some releases, a lot of
price reductions, actually.
Injustice price reduction, Lord of the Rings, War in the North, F.E.A.R. 3, Biohazard 6,
which of course is Resident Evil 6, lots and lots of price reductions, but we do have some
new games.
Yaeiba, Ninja Gaiden Z, regular, special Ninja, and special Zombie is all coming out.
I do not believe this is the same as, like, this isn't canon Ninja Gaiden series, is it?
It looks like the art...
It's a spinoff.
It's like, um, it's done by the guy that did Resident Evil.
Because it looks very cel-shaded manga style, so it's not like a part of the main Ninja
Gaiden series, it's like a spinoff, cartoony, ultra-violent, it looks like blood everywhere
from these pictures, and there's one picture where, I'm assuming this is Ryu or some type
of relative, it's basically holding a decapitated cyborg head, yet there's red blood everywhere
anyway.
Anyway.
Hey Rob, it's oil, it's machine oil.
Oh, of course, of course, of course.
Sure.
For those of you guys that like to slash Zombie's Ninja Gaiden style, there you go, that is
in Japan this week on March the 6th.
Over on the Xbox 360, same thing, Yaeiba, Ninja Gaiden Z seems to be the big release
this week, but Biohazard 6 also getting a price reduction there if you missed that for
whatever reason.
On the PlayStation Vita, Luminous Electronic Symphony gets a price reduction, that of course
was one of the launch titles.
There's some new SKU coming out, the new slim model welcome box, I'm not sure what all that
entails.
I'm assuming it must have some different pack-in games, but that is something that is coming
out in Japan, or that's like a PlayStation Plus, it looks like it comes with God Eater
2, Terraria looks like it's in there, I'm trying to look for this really tiny box art,
some type of baseball, one of the baseball simulators, it's just basically, you know,
do they have PlayStation Plus in Japan, like we have it here, where they give all the free
games?
Yeah, I think they have it in Japan.
I bet that's part of it, but anyhow, if you've been sitting on a Vita and you're waiting
for some extra games, there you go.
Waiting for it to hatch?
I guess.
Sitting on a Vita?
You need there to be tons of games out.
There you go.
Soul Sacrifice Delta also out this week in Japan, and let me check out the other handheld
real quick, that would be the 3DS, the 3DS gets Doraemon, Shindobita no Damaekyuu Pekkon
no, or excuse me, Pekkoto 5 Nin no Tankinatai comes out this week, cause you know, you love
your Doraemon, right?
Doraemon!
Doraemon is that, if you didn't know, is that-
It's the little cat with no ears.
Yeah, that blue cat you sometimes see.
So Doraemon is so cute.
So he gets a new game there on the 3DS this week.
Also Anpanman Toa- What?
I want this.
I do not know what this is.
It's Anpanman.
No, you don't get it.
It's Anpanman.
Oh, excuse me.
I don't get it.
Please.
I have a special love of Anpanman.
Anpaneducate me, lady.
It's a superhero made out of Anpan, which is a delicious, yeasty bread filled with red
bean paste.
I have a stuffed Anpanman in my art studio room.
Okay, so what the hell is this game then?
I don't see screenshots.
He's a superhero.
He's holding a pencil.
Does he draw?
I don't know what this one is.
I don't care cause it's Anpanman and I want it, but I don't have a Japanese 3DS.
And the 3DS is region lonk to womp womp.
Yeah.
No, I love Anpanman.
He's so cute.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Those are your Japanese releases.
So I guess Dark Saga is going to try to convince Akuma JP to come over.
Let me see your 3DS.
I like a 3DS and some Anpanman.
To be perfectly honest, we actually have a good place in Sacramento that makes fantastic
Anpan.
And then they also make little chocolate choco-pan in the shape of Anpanman's face, which I
think is even more hilarious because they should actually make the Anpan in the shape
of Anpanman's face, but nevermind.
Meanwhile in the UK, Dark Sagra.
Oh yeah, some stuff.
On the 5th, we have Dead Nation Apocalypse Edition for PS4.
And then on the 7th is Atelier, Escha, and Loggie.
South Park, The Stick of Truth on Damned Near Everything Else, and The Dead Rising Collection
on Xbox 360.
And that's it.
All right.
All right, just a few more stories for you guys before we get to the classic game of
the week.
Logie.
So, real quick, King, the company behind Candy Crush Saga, they've withdrawn their trademark
application for candy in the US.
They do have Saga, though.
That is all.
They suck.
So in other words, that bad publicity with the whole candy swipe thing really did them
in?
Because I kind of think that's what it was, but...
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, is this a good thing or a bad thing?
I think it's kind of a loaded question.
I don't see how you could say it's a bad thing, but humor me here.
Is this a good thing or a bad thing that they lost that trademark over candy?
I think it's a no one gives a shit anymore because they suck.
I guess that's fair enough.
The king is dead.
Long live the king?
No, no, wait, that's not how it works.
No, no, long live the queen.
Why wouldn't you dare?
No.
No.
They just need to go away.
Okay.
Fair enough.
All right.
Moving on.
One more story for you guys.
Actually, it's a couple of stories because it's updates.
We've been talking about Nintendo systems a little bit tonight, and there are some updates
to consider when it comes to the Wii U and the 3DS.
A new update for the Wii U went out this week.
It's version 4.0.3.
Not a whole lot of features, but they do say overall system stability, minor adjustments
to enhance the user experience.
That's it.
No word on was it maybe trying to patch out some type of exploit.
I can't remember if we had an exploit article on the Wii U recently.
I feel like we did or what they're really trying to do with this, but that is out now.
Check that out, I guess.
Otherwise, on the 3DS, same deal.
Improvements to overall system stability and those same adjustments, so it's very curious
what they could really be trying to do there unless they're prepping for something coming
in the future, maybe to deliver these virtual console games or who knows, but a lot going
on behind the scenes.
Of course, the last big upgrade we got on the 3DS bridged the gap between the two, so
maybe these firmware updates are to really fix all this with the homogenization of the
Nintendo network IDs, and then Miiverse came to the 3DS in the last patch as well, so these
seem to be tweaks to probably get the two to play nicely.
It sounds likely.
Although I didn't notice a problem, but you know, I'm sure somebody figured out a way
to do that.
There's always problems.
People can fix that.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, it is about that time where we go down a trip of memory lane, and there was a time
back in the day you didn't get firmware upgrades to your system.
When things broke, you blew on the cartridge and prayed.
That was a firmware update.
It's the classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey,
you kids, you totally ignored this flipping game, now go play it.
Put down your freaking Call of Duty games and go play a real classic.
Dark Soccer is the classic game of the week.
The game is Rad Racer, which came out in Japan as Highway Star, and it was done by Square
for the Famicom in 1987.
And you drive a Ferrari 328 or an F1 racing machine through a different race course.
And the music for this game was done by Uematsu, so tune up a little bit.
It's just not familiar also to people who've been struck by anything else.
It's not familiar?
Anyway.
I did not realize those two tied together.
Really?
The 20XD6 thing when he does the anime thing, and he picks the Rad Racer theme as his ending
song for his little Strong Bad anime.
It's been so long.
20XD6.
Oh my gosh.
Hey, Stickley Man, what are you doing?
Hey, Strong Bad, I want to be the guy.
No.
Anyway, so basically, you just go through driving the game, kind of pole position-like.
You can get side swipes, you can crash into stuff, and you can actually crash by hitting
other cars too at higher levels.
And you also can have your time run out.
So basically, it's just still going through, just trying to get from one end of the course
to the other.
And in Japan, it had a 3D mode that you could use the 3D glasses that came out over there.
And also, Square had used that same type of 3D technology with 3D World Runner.
And so, the F1 car, by the way, is supposed to look like the Lotus 99T Formula 1 car,
but everyone plays the Ferrari, I mean, hello.
So yeah, this was, I mean, pretty much one of the most popular racing games by the time
it came out.
There's been other ones that's been out since.
It was also designed by Sakaguchi, I'm just saying, yeah.
It was also, you know, with...
I didn't realize how much ties to Final Fantasy this game had, but I guess it makes sense.
Yep.
Well, let's see, like I said, this was one of the few titles that used the Famicom 3D
system that had the glasses.
And this was actually the game that, at the time, the Square owner, who was Masafumi Miyamoto,
used to demonstrate how the 3D programming that was done by Nasser Gabelli, who was the
programmer for the game.
And there was a North American exclusive sequel, Rad Racer 2, that had...
It wasn't really as good as the first Rad Racer, I mean, there's really only one Rad
Racer.
Which, I actually like the Japanese name better, because Highway Star, you know, there was
the song Highway Star, and anyway.
This was ranked number 8 on Nintendo Power's Top 30 poll.
It's just one of the better racing games that's been out.
Like I said, Rad Racer 2, it came out in 1990, it was kind of crap.
It played a lot the same, but it really was not as good.
It had like a different preview indicator and a turbo boost, no, not good.
So yeah, now the 3D that came out in this game, as I mentioned in another one, it was
used by 3D Worldrunner, but 3D Worldrunner was not as great of a sale as a seller, and
so this is actually what led up to Final Fantasy coming out, done by, you know, again, we had
Sakaguchi and Uematsu behind this.
So it was their final attempt, right?
There was a scene also from this movie that showed up in The Wizard, and that was a scene
where Lucas uses the Power Glove to play through the first stage of the game.
Did you ever actually get to play these games with the 3D glasses?
Because I don't know how many of you got to actually experience these games with 3D glasses,
but I actually, a friend of mine had Rad Racer with the 3D glasses, so I remember playing
it, and I gotta say, the 3D in Rad Racer actually wasn't very good.
I mean, the game, it kind of doesn't lend itself very well to 3D, which I know sounds
weird because it's a racing game, but you already kind of have that perspective.
Now, 3D Worldrunner, on the other hand, which hopefully you'll cover in another week, because
that was a pretty fun game, the 3D in that game was much better, I thought.
That's just, that's my personal opinion.
Well, just a little bit more about this too.
And I like what the article says, that using the Power Glove to play the game was actually
considered a feat because of how unreliable the Power Glove was.
And Rad Racer is Uematsu's 11th work in video game music composition, and that song was
used with vocals for Stinkoman, which was the anime parody that Strong Bad did for Homestar
Runner.
It was a Strong Bad email.
And then there was actually a song released by a group called Workdrugs, a selectropop
group called Rad Racer, and it has footage from Rad Racer 2 used in it.
So there we go, Rad Racer.
You know, I'll thank Dan for this one because I had forgotten about it.
Not forgotten about it, but just like, I thought I had done it, and every time he suggested
it, I was like, oh, I've done Rad Racer, I've done Rad Racer.
No, I haven't done Rad Racer, now I have, so he can hush.
There it is.
It is rad, it's so rad.
Your classic video game of the week, Rad Racer.
But the 3D, totally overrated in this game, that was one thing that, no, it sounds a lot
cooler than it really was in execution, just saying.
Hey, Stinkoman, I hear you're the guy, but I want to be the guy too.
Uh, okay.
No way, you're just a kid.
How old is Strong Bad, aren't those things like 10 years old now at this point?
Something like that.
So sad.
I can't believe I still, actually I'll tell you how I remember it because I just watched
it before.
Which I'm not, I'm not knocking, that shit was hilarious and like, you know, to find
the internet a few years ago, but it's kind of sad.
I was raised by a cup of coffee.
Remember the Homestar Runner game that was out on, like it was on the Wii and I think
PC?
Yeah.
It's the same company that brought us The Walking Dead years later.
Yeah.
Funny, funny, funny.
All right, anyhow, we are going to take a break guys, when we come back there is plenty
more show to come, including your live phone calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR or a username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
Also some more stories coming up in part B, including some surprise layoffs.
That's never any fun news to talk about, but you know, we got to talk about that because
it was, it was a real shocker.
In better news, we'll talk about, how about a big media expansion for a free to play game?
I think that's a little bit happier news.
We'll talk about that when Orange Auditorino comes back right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on March the 2nd of 2014 with the 542nd
episode of our program and lots of fun stuff in part A. We had a really kind of Nintendo
heavy first half of the show, but it seemed like they had a lot of news going on and some
updates on Steam as well with a fun live poll and so forth.
If you're just joining us because you gave up on that award show that's on TV, maybe
you're pissed off that Miyazaki did not win best animated film as some people on my Facebook
friends list seemed to be, but I kind of, kind of, usually those Disney movies tend
to win everything, right?
Frozen won of course and no surprise there, but you know, sure there's a lot of nerds
little pissed off that Miyazaki didn't win, although I do want to see his movie.
I don't get out to see a lot of movies, but all the stuff they put out of his is really
good.
So I want to go out and see that.
So we'll see.
Anyway, we are going to get into some rapid fire news and of course your calls a little
later in the program as well as your emails to our new mailbag over at participate at
orangelawnsradio.com.
We'll get to the very first email in our new mailbag in just a little bit and joining us
over the Skyfline, Loki.
Sorry.
It's okay.
Background noise.
If you guys hear random background noise, that's what's going on.
Loki won't be on Skype forever.
He will come back to the studio soon, probably around the time we move, but obviously baby
and family take priority.
So we are having him, having him work from home and he's going to work with some rapid
fire news right now.
Yes, I am.
So March PlayStation Plus, they have some more free stuff, of course, for instant game
collection, including Tomb Raider.
So that's pretty cool.
And then a lot of other PlayStation Network games included with that.
Thomas Was Alone, Lone Survivor, The Director's Cut, and that's on PlayStation 3.
Vita is getting Unit 13 and Monster Hunter Freedom Unite.
And then also, I guess, they're operating some sales, I guess, on Hotline, Miami Escape
Plan, Flower, Killzone, Mercenary Tales, Mozilla, Dragon's Crown, and Ni No Kuni, as well as
other things.
No PlayStation 4 stuff, though.
I am sorry, Dead Nation Apocalypse Edition is going to be PlayStation 4.
I almost missed that there.
Yay, two zombie games back to back.
There you go, yeah.
Atlus has confirmed four new Persona games for North America.
So that's kind of cool.
They're going to be getting, let's see, I wonder if those are the same ones that they
announced not too long ago.
Persona Q Shadow Labyrinth for 3DS, which is supposed to be Fall 2014.
Persona 4 Arena Ultimax, which is going to be, I guess, a re-release of Persona 4 Arena
that's enhanced, that's going to be coming out in 2014 as well, towards the end of the
year.
2015, they've got Persona 4 Dancing All Night, which I guess is a music game.
And Persona 5, which would be coming sometime into PlayStation 3 in 2015.
Also not to be left out, Xbox, the games with gold, are going to be getting two games
for the month of March, starting off with Civ Revolution.
So that's going to be pretty cool, and Dungeon Defenders, which is the Xbox Live Arcade game.
Civilization Revolution is going to be free through March 16th, and of course, Dungeon
Defenders is going to be after that for the remainder of the month.
So Rob, Civ Rev, is that a good one to start off with, because I actually haven't played
any Civ games at all.
I think Civ Rev is a great one to start out with.
I know some people had its issues with it because of the way it translates to controller
play, but to me, Civilization Revolution has a lot in common with the very, very first
Civilization game, which is still one of my favorites.
I think a dumbed down, using my quoting fingers, a dumbed down Civilization game is not necessarily
a bad thing.
It kind of gets you, you know, kind of into the series and what it's all about.
And if you like it, then you can step up and play, you know, Civ 4, Civ 5, or one of the
newer ones, which Civ 5 is still great.
If you didn't grab it during that Sid Meier Humble Bundle, though, I don't know what to
tell you, because that was your chance and you blew it, if you didn't get the Sid Meier
Bundle.
I did not.
Well, you blew it.
That's alright.
It'll be on sale.
The only one I wanted to play was Civ 5, out of the whole bunch.
So I didn't really feel the need to spend more than $10 on it.
I understand, I understand.
And last but not least, you had another game getting Zombie DLC, but this one's a little
strange.
Warehouse and Logistics Simulator.
It's a sim game.
It's getting Zombie DLC.
And that's just kind of silly.
Wait, that's a real game.
There's a game called Warehouse and Logistics Simulator?
I've never heard of this.
Yes, there is.
These are some of the games that are more popular on Steam.
You may not realize it, like Farming Sim and stuff like that, just because it's kind of
strange.
Or what about the Euro Truck Driver Simulator 2 or that crazy shit.
And this is not the only game that I know that's in the Simulator series that's actually
gotten Zombie DLC.
If I remember correctly, I want to see one of the Train Sim games.
Either it was a mod or DLC that did get Zombie DLC or something for it.
It was kind of silly.
But yeah, it has you driving through a warehouse in a forklift trying to escape zombies.
I don't know, it's just strange.
But I guess you mow down the undead, they say they can get bombs, mines, and other weapons
to help you clear out the zombies.
Hey, you gotta know your audience, or at least maybe that might get a few more people to
try Warehouse and Logistics Simulator, which, that's gotta be a pretty niche audience right
there.
Over at our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, Hitstun says Euro Truck 2 is great, Honk!
Is that a...
I'll have to check out the game at some point.
And SSJ100Matt referring, I think, to the background noise, SSJ100Matt wants to know
what's for dinner, and did you bring enough for the class, Loki?
That was my wife cooking dinner, so I don't know.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, I got some news for you guys, moving on.
This was a little bit controversial last week, some talk about Metal Gear Solid V Ground
Zeroes, which again, was supposed to be kind of like that, I don't want to call it like
the starter chapter, but I guess that's really what it is, it was supposed to be a short
kind of Metal Gear Solid game, very short Metal Gear Solid game, that was gonna kind
of tide us over until Phantom Pain was released, and it was only supposed to be a couple hours.
Well, they were gonna release the game for $40, however, the physical PlayStation 4 and
Xbox One versions had their price cut this week, down to $30, and in a statement the
company said they wanted to, quote, provide as many people as possible an opportunity
to play the game.
In other words, you guys weren't having that shit.
It's really fascinating how the internet kind of turned the price of that game around, that's
pretty awesome there, so, well, I mean, I don't know, I say it's awesome, but maybe,
you know, if the game is to make a profit for Konami, maybe it's not so awesome, I don't
know.
But we'll see, a lot of people seem to be happy with the news nonetheless.
The 3DS over at Nintendo is gonna be having a promotion that will allow you a free download
of Pokemon X or Y.
That's right, when you get a new Nintendo 3DS or 3DS XL or even a 2DS system, as well
as one of six select games to a club Nintendo account, you get a free download code for
Pokemon X or Y.
This is only between March 1st and 31st, and the eligible games are Mario Kart 7, Super
Mario 3D Land, Animal Crossing, if you want to experience Ed in your town, just like Dark
Soccer did.
I would not wish that on anyone.
Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D, Lego City Undercover, and Yoshi's New Island.
If you get one of those six games and a new 3DS, you tie them to your club Nintendo account,
Nintendo's gonna give you a download code for Pokemon X or Y, and you gotta use it by
May 31st, 2014.
I guess, who isn't a fan of free games, but my thought is, I thought everybody who wanted
Pokemon X or Y, they fucking got their 3DS by now so they could experience this.
I guess maybe there's some holdouts, and if you were one of the holdouts, congrats.
Free game for you.
So there you go, that promotion throughout March.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, turkey.
And lastly, from me, new Tony Hawk game.
When was the last time you heard about us talking about a new Tony Hawk game?
It's been a little while.
Isn't he like 50?
Probably, hey, you're never too old to skate, I don't know, I gotta know.
Well they just have the HD one came out.
Yeah, I thought there was like one not that long ago, but wasn't the beginning of the
end when they put out that like $100 skateboard thing, because they thought since Guitar
Hero worked and people bought that peripheral, people would buy the, yeah, it didn't quite
work out for him.
Well, Tony Hawk is returning, but get this, it's a mobile phone game, womp womp.
Tony Hawk talking to Bloomberg said, we're working on a game for mobile devices this
year.
We've never gone exclusively in that direction, so I'm excited because with the amount of
time people are spending on their phones and their tablets playing games, we've never had
our own game in that space.
I'm excited to provide one finally.
Well, that ought to get all two of you who care about that, a Tony Hawk game on your
mobile phone.
Look, I'm not shading the Tony Hawk series.
They were great games, but they're just, they're going to suck on a mobile phone.
Let's just keep it real.
It's going to suck.
Sorry.
Not in the fun kind of way.
That's right.
Well, how about some different gaming news?
How about it?
Well, there's something coming out about a potential Minecraft movie done by the Lego
movie producer, and I don't know how I feel about that, but Notch basically said that
there was a talk going on about it.
They're working with Warner Brothers about a potential Minecraft movie, so whatever.
Also, Retro Studios is saying that the Wii U is a powerhouse and is confirming that they're
developing a game for it, but they haven't really said what exactly, but they're able
to use, they're learning new HD techniques like pixel shading and stuff and things and
that they loved working with Donkey Kong.
So maybe that will be cool.
Now I want to say that the reason why you're on the fence with the whole Minecraft movie
thing is because you probably haven't gone to see the Lego movie yet, which is a travesty.
At some point I'll get out.
I kind of don't care about the Lego movie.
Weren't we supposed to have a friend date?
We were, and it just didn't happen because, you know, move and busyness and stuff.
Aww, hi kitty.
Sorry.
Simbio came out.
You got distracted by cats?
Kitty.
Fair enough.
I just heard meh, meh, meh, meh.
And then the Konami code works in Bravely Default.
It's basically supposed to work once you've completed the game, but there's a clip about
what happens.
It's online somewhere, so that's kind of cool.
And for those who don't know, I'm not going to tell you because you should fucking know
this.
I'm kidding.
It's up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.
On the main menu.
No, you should know that.
Don't tell them that.
Unless you're playing Parodius, then you do it backwards.
Okay.
Or if you're playing, which one was it where you had to use the L, R on top of the Super
Nintendo controller, it blew up your ship?
Was that Gradius III maybe?
Maybe Gradius III?
Yeah.
Yeah, something like that.
Alright.
Well, if that's it for our rapid fire news, then we shall take a trip over to Facebook
and Google Plus, so when you slam those words together, you get FUGL.
It's the FUGL question of the week, everybody.
We ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities, and we get answers, your
answers over on those various sites, and we're going to start off tonight with some of the
answers from Google Plus to our question, and I got to say, things got a little weird
on Google Plus this week, and I'm seeing people answer who I never see answer, and some of
it was getting a little heated, which I'm kind of not okay with, so just remember, everybody,
treat each other with respect over on Google Plus, and now for some reason I can't get
the post to come up.
That's not good.
That's a little embarrassing when we're doing live radio.
Where is it?
There it is.
Phew.
Yeah, see, just to put it out there, we have 16 responses on Google Plus, and I think that's
more than we have on Facebook.
That's not normal.
Something happened there.
This is not expected behavior.
This is not expected behavior.
I don't know what's up with that, but regardless, strangers were jumping in there telling each
other that opinions were wrong and stuff, and I'm not okay with that.
This is where every gamer has a voice.
Let them be heard.
Act Def starts us off with a haiku.
Well, I'll read his full response since he took the time to give a haiku as well.
Oh, I didn't even read the damn question.
Sorry, guys.
How do you feel about the news that Nintendo is pulling online support for DS and Wii games
in a couple months?
Will you misplay Mario Kart Wii online, or do you think it's best that these servers
come down to make way for the future?
An Act Def over on Google Plus said, well, with these games getting old, it was so little
people playing them, it was only a matter of time for the servers to be shut down, specifically
since Nintendo probably wants to save money rather than lose it right now.
It's sad, but I think it's time to move on, people, and here's the haiku.
Servers are shut down.
New games are coming soon now.
Nintendo needs cash.
Jake F. replied on Google Plus, and he's a little mad about this situation.
He's upset.
Sounds a little upset.
Jake says, I have no purpose for playing Smash Brothers now.
Thanks a ton, Nintendo.
Nintendo, I support you.
I swim against the current for you.
I get made fun of because of you.
I'm among the few to fend you in front of the masses of PlayStation and Microsoft fanboys,
and this is what I get?
Guess it really is time for a PlayStation 3.
Okay, overdramatization added by me, but it is Oscar night, everybody, for your consideration.
Did you never learn to read?
I'm thinking Jake was playing Smash Bros.
We ask, who's still playing online?
Well, Jake is apparently playing Smash Bros. online.
He's a little heated, so there you go.
He might jump ship over to PlayStation 3.
Redertainment says, online foreign to Big N.
I don't care about Big N's shut down plans.
Yet another haiku answer.
I'm loving this, you guys, loving it.
Let's see, some other answers here.
Matt D. replied and said, it stinks, but they need the server space for their other newer
games.
Maintaining the old ones along with the new ones would cost a ton of money.
Zordrac Shadowfang, and I'm sure that's his real name, said, it's the price of online
servers to handle multiplayer.
Eventually, they get shut down.
At least these games otherwise still work offline in both single player and local multiplayer.
And lastly, AJ Twist replies and said, eh, it's more proof than Nintendo doesn't understand
online.
But maybe something good will come of this?
We'll see.
There's some of the answers over from Google Plus.
I was not going to read answers from people that were like, you know, thank you for your
insightful commentary and just kind of weird stuff.
So I wonder how that happened.
Is that because Google Plus like automatically tags things so it went out to a more public
audience?
I don't even know.
Whatevers.
Moving on to some of our answers over on Facebook at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We had quite a few answers.
I'm only going to read a handful of these, so I apologize in advance, but I encourage
you to check out all the answers at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Monty Boggs says, I won't miss them, but it does seem like convenient timing considering
Mario Kart 8 comes out a week or so after that.
Something we had brought up on the show earlier.
Our friend Wicked from the Nerdgasm Network says, the fact that Nintendo is ending their
online services for Wii and DS isn't surprising.
Most games and services tend to sever servers after some years, especially when the newest
iteration releases.
What is surprising is the sudden urgency that's being done.
On May 20th, the 3DS will have been out for three years and the Wii U only a year and
a half.
I know that seems like a decent grace period, but if the sales numbers are correct, I doubt
the Wii's 101 million owners have all upgraded, given the Wii U's almost 6 million sold.
I'm not saying they should keep the Wii servers on forever, but I think they should keep them
up a little bit longer, at least until the chasm-like gap has closed up a bit more.
But you know what's interesting about it, I mean it's not that I disagree with what
we could say in here, but, and it's kind of a question we ask ourselves in general,
are these gaming companies under any liability to keep these servers up a certain time?
They're really not.
I don't think so.
We're at their mercy.
Which, as a consumer, kind of sucks.
That isn't unexpected.
It's not, but I mean at what point do we say, god damn it, this is what I paid for and it
ought to work.
This is what I paid for eight years ago, and it ought to work.
No?
No.
This mixing board we bought eight years ago, and if it broke tomorrow, I'm not just going
to be like, oh well, you know, well Radio Shack took it offline.
Well we didn't get it at Radio Shack, we ordered it from the manufacturer.
You know what I mean!
Yeah, I know.
Anyway.
Uh, let's see, and uh, let's see, our power in A says, this move was inevitable, I think,
and telling of what's to come for Nintendo.
Dropping the Wi-Fi connection for the DS and Wii really is the sign that Nintendo is moving
forward and will soon discontinue manufacturing and support for those two systems.
Who knows?
Maybe this means Nintendo is at least thinking of their next console system?
Well, Rene, they're definitely thinking about it.
They plan that stuff years and years in advance.
There's probably already early prototypes.
That's how long these things take to develop, honestly.
We had those rumors a couple weeks ago, for better or for worse, about the more homogenized
Nintendo experience, but again, it's weird to me that they're dropping DS when they're
just gonna bring it out again over on the virtual consoles.
Little weird.
Little weird.
Uh, lastly, Giove Dea says, it's not expected, and as long as I can still play the DLC content
without Wi-Fi, I'm okay, mainly because I haven't used it, even with owning the games.
At least with the DS, there's still the option of local play, right?
Yep, that is true, and that's gonna have to suffice for those of you guys that decide
to spend the money on the games.
Alright, that's gonna do it for now for the FUCL Question of the Week.
And please read all the responses, because they're really good, over at Facebook.com
slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get back into some gaming news with Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about, eh, Zynga.
They had a lawsuit, or I guess, a fraud lawsuit, which unfortunately was dismissed, and because
of this, now the plaintiffs plan to change their complaint.
Basically, the original complaint, which was 110 pages long, failed to offer relevant basic
factual details, which I'd say is kind of an important part of any sort of lawsuit.
They're also saying that because of that, they're going to, I guess, resubmit with some
further evidence and that kind of stuff.
My thing this has to do with, I want to say, they were talking about maybe their initial
stock offering and stuff like that.
Don't know if it's necessarily, you know, nothing to do with, of course, their cloning
of games or anything like that, but maybe some insider trading.
I don't know.
Sounds all very complicated, if I don't like Zynga.
It is a little bit.
Well, I think the IPO fraud thing is, basically, long story short, they said the company was
worth more than it really was.
And again, that kind of goes back to the whole flash in the pan thing, is that Zynga was
riding a huge high when they went for the IPO and the bubble burst, and maybe some people
believe that they kind of should have seen that coming.
Well, look at it this way.
They're trying to do, it's almost like King is following Zynga's game plan almost.
They had a flash in the pan game come out, and now they have all these games with Saga
at the end.
They're kind of using Saga as almost their vill, if you will.
And that's the thing with any of these companies, especially nowadays, that yeah, at one time
it may be worth X amount of dollars, but it doesn't mean that these games are making that
kind of money indefinitely.
It's just, people eventually move on to the next big thing.
Or even the next just popular thing.
We experience a very fickle market.
Indeed.
It's very casual, no one's really dedicated.
Alright, well, speaking of it being a fickle market, this was very surprising.
Some layoffs occurring at Sony Santa Monica.
These are the guys that develop God of War, and obviously there's going to be another
God of War game in the pipeline.
That's not a surprise.
So it's a little weird to me, especially when PlayStation is kind of riding a high right
now, that there are layoffs at the studio.
And I want to say, didn't they just have some PR layoffs and things like that a while ago?
So this is really weird that this struggle is happening, I guess, at Sony Santa Monica.
But yes, Sony did put out a statement, a nice little PC statement that said, Sony Computer
Entertainment America can confirm that we have completed a reduction in workforce at
Santa Monica Studio.
This is the result of a cycle of resource realignment against priority growth areas
within SCEWWS.
We do not take these decisions lightly, however, sometimes it is necessary to make changes
to better serve the future projects of the studio.
We have offered outplacement services and severance packages to ease transition for
those impacted.
So I get the sense from this, and the rumors are definitely out there, that Sony was working
on something that got canceled.
And this is a result of that.
And if you want to further believe rumors, again, huge salt lick of salt.
But some rumors that are out there is that it was a project that was very similar to
Destiny and didn't look like it was going to compete well with it, I guess, at the end
of the day.
I don't really know how else to easily put that.
But again, rumor, huge rumor, take it with a grain of salt.
But regardless, it is really odd to see such a big studio that produces titles like God
of War going through these reductions.
And even more so when you consider it's coming a week after we just heard about a similar
thing from a studio we didn't expect, Irrational Games, right?
So this begs the question, what the hell is going on?
Loki, any thoughts?
What the hell is going on?
I don't know.
Well, Irrational, we know what the situation was, is that they just wanted to go a different
direction.
Sony, Santa Monica, maybe they just have a, I don't know, there's downsizing, maybe they
have another team that's going to be working on God of War, I don't really know.
Well, still sad to hear, and I doubt we have anybody who worked for them that was impacted
listening to the show, but just in case we do, and this goes for Irrational or any studio
that we report in, our thoughts are with you guys.
And it does sound like a lot of people were after those guys at Irrational, so it seems
like there are jobs available somewhere, I just hope you can find them in a place that
works for you and your family, and best of luck.
Sorry to hear about that, it's no fun.
That's poopy.
So what if the game was similar to Destiny, you know what, we've had similar games coexist
for a long time and it works out.
Anyway, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Well there's some other news that, it could be bad news for some people, it could be decent
news for others, but you know how we were talking about how there was the regulation
going about those multiple little transactions that happen in games?
Now there are meetings going on with representatives from the UK, France, Belgium, Denmark, and
other EU members to go about creating rules for about apps that ask for how much and when
these apps can ask for payment information.
They've also got representatives from multiple different developers including Nintendo, Electronic
Arts, Google, a few others, basically trying to make sure that these games are not misleading
or exploit the market.
So we'll see how that goes.
I wonder if we would ever have anything like that here.
But it's basically going to be a, you know, this is coming right after the UK group, which
is the Office of Fair Trading, was basically saying, you know, hey, get it in order or
we're going to enforce it.
So don't know how it's going to happen.
We'll see, won't we?
We will.
Or they will, I don't know.
And of course, if they have to change something for Europe, it's going to impact everybody
else.
Well, not necessarily, but it probably will.
We'll see.
We might actually see them proactively working in the U.S. market to, you know, let's get
it done now before we get it forced on us.
All right, moving on, Loki.
So South Park, the Stick of Truth, unfortunately was censored in certain countries.
They basically said that there's five versions of the game, one for North America, South
America, Europe, Germany, Australia, and Russia.
The North America, South America one is completely uncensored on every platform, the Australia
one is censored on all platforms, or the Australia one is censored on all platforms, European
one and Russian ones are censored on console only, and the German one is censored on the
console for anal probing, et cetera.
And so, but the way they got about it is kind of, if you remember the South Park episodes
where they were showing, supposed to be showing the image of Mohammed, and it was just kind
of like, you know, this thing with a text box saying, you know, we would have shown
an image of Mohammed, but oh, well, so they have a, they have this image that pops up
as well.
You lose again Europe, this scene where you try to disable the force field around Randy,
but instead accidentally force the probing machine next to him to probe his ass with
a violent force is not meant for your eyes.
Randy, in obvious rectal pain, urges you to proceed onward.
Wow.
So they explain all this stuff in there, but yeah, I mean, unfortunately it's just stuff
that they have to do to get around, you know, certain laws for decency and stuff, but yeah,
I mean, if it's that much of a bother for you, and you do live in those countries, remember
the PlayStation 3 is region free, so import away.
Ooh, that's a good thought, that you could just, if you want to get around censorship,
just import from another country.
Do you think there would be a lot of people that actually do that, now that they know
that that's out there?
Probably not.
Interesting.
I know if it was my country, I would, but then again, importing games can be expensive.
All right, moving on, we were talking about free-to-play games a minute ago, and one of
my favorites that came along last year, which a lot of people were talking about, is Path
of Exile.
Path of Exile is a Diablo-esque style game that came out from Grinding Gear Games, and
apparently it's been doing very well for itself.
They've held very strong to the standard that they're going to do ethical free-to-play,
meaning that they don't sell experience boosts, they don't sell weapon upgrades, they sell
like flashy things, like pets and cosmetic stuff only, and apparently it's been working
out for them.
This developer who is based in New Zealand, they have over 5 million registered players,
hundreds of thousands playing at any given time, and they just announced this week an
expansion, the Sacrifice of Vaal, I hope I'm pronouncing that right, V-A-A-L, Vaal, is
coming out next week, free!
PVP content, a new race of dark magic wielders, and you can charge up super-powered weapons
by killing monsters, but no change to the monetization property, excuse me, no change
to the monetization policy, and lead designer Chris Wilson says we don't want to compromise
the game, we want to make a really good game that people love to play.
So it seems like it's working out for them.
They do kind of mention that we could make more money if we were to do more of the pay-to-win
model, but people apparently are into the cosmetic stuff, they like to show off, and
it's because people view this as a bit of a hobby.
And they, in the Path of Exile store, they sell a big blue scorpion for $110, and they've
actually sold a few hundred of those.
You got the money, hey.
Yeah, if you got the money and you want to support the game enough, I mean, in a way,
it's kind of like, you know, people give thousands of dollars to these Kickstarter projects for
games, I think, just for an opportunity to be involved and so forth, so if people have
that type of money to give to something they really believe in.
How many of us bought charity pets for a while?
Yeah, well, because that was charity.
Well, yeah, but still, I mean, it's the investing money into something you would support, right?
Right.
There's people who buy the pets for a while just because, hey pet, not just the charity
pets.
And to be fair, I mean, $110, I mean, that sounds like a lot of money, and it is, don't
get me wrong, but it's also, what, two copies of a new video game?
That's the price of two regular video games, and Path of Exile is a game that some people
are getting hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours out of, so is that really
that much money?
Maybe not.
A game like World of Warcraft, I mean, over a year's time for a $12 subscription fee,
shit, you've paid $144, so is $110 scorpion really that crazy?
Maybe not.
Anyway, so yeah, if you're into Path of Exile, check that out for the new expansion that's
coming out this week.
I know I will be checking that out, too.
I hope the game doesn't crush under that, all those people wanting to check it out.
We'll see.
All right, Loki, you've got one more story for us before we get to the mailbag.
Yeah, real quick, Apple TV, we've been saying, hey, you know, if Apple adds games to Apple
TV, that could be a killer device.
Well, another one of these rumors coming out saying, you know, reliable industry sources
say that Apple TV will be getting game support in an update likely to come in March or earlier.
Well, I'm going to say at this point it's going to be March because, you know, we're
in March.
But they're saying that apparently developers are working on Bluetooth controller options
and, you know, they're saying that could, you know, work directly with Apple TV rather
than relying on another iOS device as an intermediary.
And basically saying that, you know, game support could be backwards compatible with
current generation Apple TV, although, you know, they would expect that, you know, you
would want maybe iCloud support because the Apple TVs don't really have much storage space.
It'd be interesting if they did that.
I don't know.
I thought the Apple TVs weren't that powerful.
So maybe if they release a new version.
Well, but they've got to be about as powerful as Sanuya, let's be real, right?
That's true, but I would think that maybe they're going to maybe release a new version
or something because, you know, if you want to show off like, you know, HD gaming or something
like that, I would think that maybe like a new version of Apple TV or something for maybe
200 bucks would be interesting.
It does seem about that time of year where Tim Cook ought to get up on the stage and
talk about what's happening over at Apple.
I know, you know, because we usually have the iPhone thing and that's later in the year
or God, then they started kind of flipping the script and it was earlier in the year
for a little bit, but iPads were usually early in the year.
Like I do feel like, hmm, it's been a good four or five months since we've had a big
Apple pump and circumstance, you know, and Apple TV would be a thing that you'd think
they would update.
Although, I would be very curious, like, what else is Apple working on?
There's been buzz for a very long time, you know, because it seems, correct me if I'm
wrong, but it seems like ever since Tim Cook took over, we haven't really seen new per
se.
I mean, we've seen improvements to existing things like iPhone and iPad and so forth,
but there's been rumblings forever now that, oh, Apple's going to get into television and
Apple's going to get into this or that.
And we haven't seen that yet.
And I think a lot of us are really waiting for like, what's Apple's next card to play?
Well, I think, yeah, they're trying to get into new spaces, basically, instead of, you
know, trying to put out something else.
I would be very skeptical that they would put out a TV, just because TV technology is
changing so much and, you know, the price point of a TV that was, you know, would have
some sort of Apple integration on it.
I just, I would think that they would go like the Apple TV route because it would be cheaper
and just, you know, plug that into a normal, you know, TV.
Why would you want, you know, the super high-res TV that I guess you would only get content
from Apple with for it.
But I don't think they would go that route.
But like, I know one of the things that people have been saying for a while now is, you know,
a watch that they have, you know, their wonderful, you know, office with the curved glass windows
and stuff that maybe they're going to, hey, that's Josh's lunch.
Somebody's watch is going off right now.
Yeah.
You know, they have that office with the curved glass and everything that they're supposed
to be using some sort of like curved glass technology or curved display for like a watch
type thing.
So I wonder if that's, you know, a possibility.
That's like straight up Dick Tracy right there.
Remember, God, I'm probably dating myself.
Remember like Dick Tracy?
I mean, the originals were like from the 1930s.
I'm not that old y'all, but I know they had a resurgence in the 90s and that movie came
out with Warren Beatty and he used to have like the little like TV on a watch where he
would talk to people and like, I could fucking see Apple doing that, like FaceTime on the
fucking watch.
Like it would be here for real.
But I don't know.
For me, I don't like watches.
I don't know.
I used to wear them as a kid, but I don't really wear them anymore.
I just don't know.
Like maybe they would do that as your phone or something because I mean, everyone really
has like, most people have a smartphone now.
So it would be just kind of weird to have like, oh, this is just an iPod, you know,
but it's a watch.
I don't know.
Watches are the domain of hipsters now.
Well.
It's a dangerous combination.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
I feel like we've heard this rumor out of Apple before, but we'll see, you know, sometimes
where there's smoke, there's fire, but it could just be a big poot too.
We'll see what happens next time Tim Cook takes the stage.
If they plan something around E3, watch yourself, but otherwise probably no big deal.
Didn't they actually do a press conference during E3 one time?
I seem to remember like, like not at E3, just coincidentally, it was like the same time.
Like I seem to remember Apple was doing a huge press conference, like the exact same
time as somebody else.
Anyway, random tangent.
Speaking of random tangents, why don't we open up our brand new email bag over at participate
at orange lounge radio.com where you guys email us every week, your thoughts, your comments,
your questions here on the show.
And most thankfully this week over in the new email address, no spam, glorious, glorious.
So sorry to those.
You guys are still trying to use the old email address, but we had to take drastic measures.
So again, if you want to email the show, participate at orange on traded.com is the place to do
so.
Let's get to it.
Dark soccer.
Who has the honor of being our very first email or in the new mail bag?
That would be AZHP.
Hey, all our crew is HP here.
Rob was wondering last week while people are so interested in Twitch plays Pokemon and
also be among the fact that there were so many knockoffs, I'd like to give an explanation
for the first question and explanation for why other games don't work.
First I think the reason that people are interested in Twitch plays Pokemon is because the community
is creating a narrative for all the things good and bad that happen when a normal person
plays Pokemon.
There isn't much dramatic tension.
You're going to level up.
You're going to fight.
You're going to use your best attacks.
And if you don't win, you'll level up some more.
With TPP, every time you fight a gym leader, you don't know if Pidgeot is going to use
sand attack seven times in a row or if Lapras will sing repeatedly before killing the enemy
in one attack.
When you're trying to catch Zapdos, you don't worry about whether or not you're going to
accidentally toss your master ball or use it on the Pokemon you weren't intending to
catch or just straight up running away from Zapdos immediately after finding him.
All these things are possibilities in TPP.
Add to the fact that you can really feel like you're contributing by coming up with plans
and rallying people behind them, you've got a recipe for a fairly interesting time.
That's a good point.
The people who have tried to start up different types of games with the same principle don't
understand the reason why Twitch plays Pokemon is actually engaging to watch.
There are several criteria a game must meet in order to be playable via chat with delay.
Game must not be turn based with little to no timing involved.
Game must not reset your progress when you die.
Game must not have an option to exit to main menu or soft reset.
You can see that there are very few games that don't meet criteria two, much less all
three.
For instance, Bioshock doesn't reset your progress when you die, but you can pause and
quit the game and controlling Bioshock with a 30 second delay would be incredibly difficult.
For those reasons, I can think of no other game besides Pokemon that is interesting when
played via crowdsourcing.
Additionally, there is such a deep love of Pokemon and there is so much variety to the
strategies in Pokemon that nearly everyone can have an opinion on what should be done
in the game.
I hope I was able to shed some light on Twitch plays Pokemon.
As of this writing, February 27th Thursday, Twitch is on the road to the Elite Four, but
it seems like they're going to be stuck in Victory Road for a while due to the one way
ledges and boulder puzzles which bar their way along with the high level random encounters
and trainers.
I wonder where they'll be when you guys read this email.
Love Always, AZHP, OLR's premier gold star recipient.
Well, there you go and now you get the honor of being the first emailer to participate,
but a lot of what you say makes sense and certainly the fact that Pokemon will not throw
you all the way back to the beginning when you lose or whatever is a key component.
But yeah, I still worry that this is the type of thing where it's like it's lightning
in the bottle.
It's a flash in the pan.
Don't take that too offensively.
I'm just saying that I kind of don't think this is going to have the longevity people
think it does because there's going to be so many knockoffs and things like that.
And you do outline what makes this work versus Mario Brothers and so forth.
There's no denying that.
But I would even suggest if you were to take other RPGs, which would be prime candidates
based on the criteria you've outlined there, it's not going to work forever.
And once you get too many of them, it's going to dilute a lot.
Now what this does bring to the table, because I don't want to make this sound negative because
it's not, because obviously people have noticed and developers have noticed and other gamers
and the people who make games have noticed.
And I think what you're going to see as a result of this is you're going to see more
interactivity within games.
We're already starting to see that a little bit as we got into last week with Tomb Raider
and there's another new one out there that does this too, but that people will be able
to interact with the Twitch streams in different ways.
And I think that is the door that Twitch Plays Pokemon is opening.
But I don't really see Twitch Plays Pokemon as something we're going to be talking about
six months from now.
Funny enough, I think it's coming up again later in the show because we want to give
an update on where it's at.
And don't get me wrong, fascinating experiment.
Crazy how probably more people have watched Twitch Plays Pokemon than some second tier
basic cable channel.
Probably more people were watching Twitch Plays Pokemon than were watching G4.
Let's be, you know, so that, let's not underestimate what has happened there, but it's all happened
very quickly too at a count of two weeks and things like this tend to go as fast as they
come.
But if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
Hey.
I'm sorry, I've got a cough drop.
That's okay.
I got a glass of wine.
Yeah, well I had some.
Let's mix them.
Just kidding.
It's gross.
I just specifically want to take a moment here and now to give thanks to you guys.
Specifically I wanted to thank Rob Roberts, Gimmitt, Captain Spike, and Exifer for giving
me advice and strength I didn't think I had.
It is with their help that I was finally able to come out to my family and therefore the
rest of the world.
The support I've received from everyone is amazing despite all my fears and I've yet
to encounter a single negative reaction to it.
I feel closer to my family now than I've ever felt before with my mom, dad, brothers, and
sister all sending me messages and calling me just to tell me how proud they are.
I wish I hadn't been afraid to tell them in the first place.
I could honestly say that the way I feel now is probably the happiest I've ever felt in
my entire life.
I needed this release and I have a word of advice to anyone who still isn't out.
If you feel that your family and friends will accept you no matter what your sexuality is
then just tell them.
The support and love that you can get in return is just so worth it.
Again, thank you so very much with love, Asfer.
I don't know what to say.
It's great.
It's fantastic.
I'm very, very happy to hear it.
I'm happy to hear that you had that and that you had that, you know, welcomeness in your
family and so forth and that everything went really good for you and congratulations on
that big step.
I know that has nothing to do with video gaming but I really don't give a shit because as
long as we're going to continue to have talks about, you know, everything from why do we
need a gay gamer convention, which I've talked to death about before on the show, to not
to get too political here but I have to.
This is my life we're talking about here.
We have to talk about when people want to pass laws where people are going to be able
to refuse you service just because of, you know, what you are.
Like that shit is like obviously we're cockulous and thank God, you know, somebody came to
our senses and said, you know, maybe this is a bad idea.
Did you see the restaurants that were putting up signs that says we reserve the right to
refuse service to Arizona legislators?
Right?
How does it feel?
How does it feel?
But there's also something that one of the things that really, really, really, really
bothers me that some people have the perception of gays and lesbians and so forth is that
it's a choice.
Being a legislator is a choice.
Being gay, not a choice.
I am happy to tell you firsthand, I did not, I am a gay man and I did not wake up one day
and go, you know what, I think I'll be gay.
I think, I think from here on out, I'm going to be gay.
It's not how it works people.
And whoever's telling you is, doesn't know what they're talking about.
Ask them when they decided to be straight.
Right?
Anyhow, I could go on a whole nother tangent here because there's been a lot of chatter
this week about when are we ever going to have a AAA video game with a gay lead character
and one big developer decided to come out and say, eh, probably never, to, to all this
other stuff.
And you know, the continued, whenever I see gamer X, there's a great story that's run
on them.
There's always that first comment, well, I'm going to have straight gamer con.
You know what?
Every time you say that, it's like, you sound exactly like the people who ask about white
history month.
It's, it's, it's, you know, it's, that's what it is.
It's people not wanting their own ableist and march and marginalizing behavior brought
out to the forefront.
You know, when you get thrown in a trash can because you're straight, when you get threatened
with violence because you're straight, when you get called straight because you're bad
at a video game, we'll have a conversation.
Until then, knock it off.
Don't even get me started on the people who say, well, that's not a sexuality at all.
You know?
Yeah.
I, people just need to stop putting labels on other people.
I don't care who fucks who or who can't fuck anybody else or what people do with their
bits as long as I don't have to know about it.
I don't care.
No one else should care.
It's no one's business.
At the end of the day, isn't love better than hate?
At the end of the day, tacos are better.
I do love tacos.
Okay then.
All right.
Anyway, I didn't mean to just, just to, I went on a crazy ass tangent from Oscar's email.
Congratulations my friend.
This, this drinks for you.
I already drink on mine or I would, okay.
This comes from my good friend Catastrophic Monkey, who I chat with every so often.
Not as much as I would like to since we were time zones apart and I have a job now.
Farewell mailbag hello participation also and he gives me a link.
I hope it gets a year of release and that the second one comes out too.
This is Shin Megami Tensei coming to iOS and it's actually, you know, old school Atlas
Joy.
It's going to be out on the 18th set in Tokyo and you know what, I may just actually get
this game because hey, Shin Megami Tensei and I've been meaning to play it so why not?
It's going to be $7.99 and it'll be about 40 to 60 hours to beat so maybe I'll eventually
finish it this year.
Thank you Moggy for sending me the mail.
Hey OLR or Hi OLR I should say.
It's Raginator.
I just have a question regarding PC gaming seeing as I'm still reasonably new to the
PC gaming scene.
I know that typically people would do their gaming on a desktop if only because with desktops
you can upgrade the PC's innards to boost performance.
However since I'm doing my gaming on a laptop that isn't a possibility as far as I know
outside of upgrading the hard drive or RAM so my question is twofold.
Is it possible to tweak a laptop settings to boost its performance even if the increase
is only marginal?
By the way yes.
There are different graphical accelerators and if you've got an Nvidia capable type of
card built in they actually do release an optimization thing for Nvidia.
Actually AMD has one too.
It's got Raptor built in which some people have kind of the mixed feelings on and I'm
going to be honest I've gotten some better settings using different things but it will
give you a good benchmark.
Like I used it for Diablo 3 and Final Fantasy 14 and the games do run really well using
the AMD because I have an AMD graphics card and it works well but you can always tweak
it and get something a little better maybe.
Just be careful if you're on a laptop because laptop cooling is crap.
And I would say before you ever really push something to its limits like that please read
up on it because it's not always, and I want to put this big disclaimer that if your computer
sets on fire because you pushed your graphics card too much to limit your fault not ours.
You're probably Loki.
Yes you're probably Loki.
It is probably me because hey I did everything to help that laptop stay cool and you know
I had it a while though.
You had it a while.
Well it was used so it was old and it was infamous for overheating but I did like all
sorts of cooling mods to it increasing the airflow in it, overclocking the fan, put new
thermal paste on there but Titanfall was enough to kill it so I don't know it's just
you got to be careful.
The newer laptops you have better cooling but if you're really looking for like you
know like customizing a laptop or something like that they actually do have places you
can buy customized laptops.
There's like websites that will actually do that.
Very rare though especially for laptops.
Did our emailer say if they were on a laptop or not?
Well I haven't finished the email.
Oh sorry.
But he did by the way say it was Reaganator and the second question by the way was what
are those changes which we've already started answering.
As a side note this is what I have an Acer Aspire V5 571 Windows 7 home premium 64-bit
4 gigabyte RAM and Intel Pentium CPU 967 at 1.3 gigahertz.
Wow that's old.
That is old.
Yeah and I know we've chatted on the show before Reaganator and I know you have to game
on a budget and so forth so I can't exactly just sit here and be all like well go get
a new graphics card.
I understand why you really want to push the limits of what you have but the reality is
technology upgrades fast.
That's why we you know our consoles upgrade that's why PCs are going up.
If you want to stay on the cutting edge of technology you're going to have to I hate
to say this try to squeeze in your already probably stressed budget a little bit.
How you're going to maybe upgrade your video card to support as opposed to maybe stretching
what you got.
And that's in a laptop.
That would be damn difficult.
Yeah and a laptop that's going to be really hard.
If you were working with a desktop I would say in a desktop now here's the good news
you might be able to find something really good second hand like on eBay or something
like that.
I mean I know you're taking your chances and so forth but hear me out here you have a lot
of people that are in a financial situation where they can buy the pick of the litter
the new newest thing the hot new thing to play the hot new game and they're going to
sell off their old cards which really aren't that old that maybe you can benefit from.
That's something that might be more appealing to somebody that's that's working on a really
extreme budget but pushing what you have.
Do you really want to take that risk that you're going to overheat your system and really
screw it up because then you're going to really be in a pickle.
So I would say if you're at that point where you're saying should I overclock to squeeze
out just a little more performance I'm going to I'm going to actually say no.
Don't do it.
And if you're looking for like a custom laptop look for was it a cleavo.
It's this company they do custom laptops and I think they're in Europe but they may have
them also in the U.S. as well.
Yeah I think they actually do have one in the U.S. a pro star but those would be the
ones that you can literally cut.
They customize everything and so that's very unusual usually you know when you're like
shopping like Dell or something like that you're going to be very limited to a certain
skew and you know what you can upgrade and downgrade and that kind of stuff.
Also everyone in chat seems to be telling you new egg.
I have a better suggestion and that's if you have a fries take it to fries have them price
match new egg and you save shipping.
There's a little app I'm going to advertise an app right now it's called shop savvy.
It will you scan the barcode of any any product and it will pull up online and in store retailers
with all of their prices the URLs to the items so that you can take it up to anyone who price
matches say this is the item have them search for it and go OK yeah we can give you that
that deal.
That's how I got when I bought my my mass fix for you remember.
That's how I had a price match Amazon because I found it for 36 bucks brand new instead
of you know 50 something dollars.
And M.M.2K in our chat room brings up a good point that when you when you shop with new
egg or fries which now some of our chatters are like oh yeah fries M.M.2K says a better
chance is building an eBay quote unquote rig a lot cheaper and the risk is not that high.
That's a that's a really good point.
I can I can support that and the dungeon buster points out you know what Amazon also has a
few good hardware deals from time to time surprisingly.
So those comments from our chat room over at live dot vog network dot com again to the
email or rage nator don't feel like I mean when you see the price of new cards you're
going to be like two hundred dollars you know there's going to be some expensive stuff out
there but don't feel like you have to go the tip of the iceberg.
Go to the models that are a year a year and a half old you might be able to find something
like 50 50 70 bucks who knows maybe even cheaper if you can really find somebody who's on loading
a bunch of offloading a bunch of stuff and it's going to be better than what you have
now.
And you know what check check Craigslist anyway.
You know I actually like I was a fool might be giving it away for free.
You take chances but I was just you know randomly hunting in to see because I want a MacBook
Pro and someone was selling like one from a year ago for five hundred fifty bucks.
I mean it's already gone but you know it was like that's a good price.
You know you know a lot of people clear them out for maybe nine hundred to a thousand.
You know I'm just using that as an example but you can always find people selling off
their old graphics cards.
Well good luck to you buddy.
Was that it for emails.
Oh there's one more.
One more.
Wow you guys are filling up the mailbag this week at participate at orangesonsradio.com.
Hello.
Hi.
With the implementation of the new email address I thought I'd ask about spam.
Have you ever had spam.
Do you like it.
Do you cook with spam.
Do you have any good recipes involving spam.
Spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam.
Stay black for entertainment.
This message was brought to you in part by money Python.
And my answer to that.
I don't like spam.
I think Jamie put it best.
Spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam.
All right.
Anyhow.
Participate at orangesonsradio.com but please keep the spam.
Unless you're.
It's like a theme song for our mailbox.
Unless you're in Hawaii where it's like part of the culture then spam is okay.
All right.
That was a great.
We should change the mail address every week.
We get great email segments when we do that.
Not that they're all bad but that was a particularly great segment this week.
All right.
Anyhow.
Let's move on.
It's the FUs of the week time.
Oh now we're going to spam the airwaves with some angst.
Get ready for it.
FU to gaming sites taking secondhand knowledge from somebody that heard something else on
some social media site.
It's not a story.
Well said.
My FU of the week goes to the stress that comes with moving.
Although I'm sure everything will be okay.
It's just one of those like oh my god I have to put everything in a box.
But it'll be worth it.
It'll so be worth it.
Can't wait.
All right.
There it is.
The FUs of the week everybody.
Moving on.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1877 game OLR or username on Skype orange
lounge radio.
But first Loki.
Yeah.
So as we were talking about a little bit before Twitch plays Pokemon has concluded.
Pokemon Red.
They after like I guess two weeks they finally defeated the end of the game there and now
they've moved on to Pokemon Crystal.
So it's not over.
It still goes.
So is there like a helix fossil and crystal I mean because it's going to be sad that doesn't
move along there.
Yeah I don't remember that one at all.
I watched a little bit of the feed today just to see like you know how they're doing and
you know game over.
It was no they were just they were running in and out of a house but now it's game over.
No they're on crystal now.
Oh I meant I thought you were talking about the other one.
No no no no no.
I saw all the victory screenshots and so forth.
But my favorite thing to come out of this Twitch plays Pokemon thing honestly it's so
funny that last week I was so ignorant to a lot of this stuff that we was bringing up
but I read up on some of it.
And I got to say like the fanfic and the culture that have come out of Twitch plays Pokemon
is pretty hilarious.
And if anything is going to keep it going it's going to be that.
But like seriously there's like comics about bird Jesus.
Thank you.
You're right.
It is kind of Tumblr's fault.
My people Tumblr you guys are weird but I say that with love and Lord Helix and yes
and what was that Evie is the false prophet or something like that like it was all this
crazy shit.
It's hilarious.
Anyways so some of the stats coming out from that.
It ran for 16 days 7 hours 45 minutes and 30 seconds.
It at its max it had 121,000 people watching.
There was over 122 million commands issued in chat.
More than 9 million onlookers and 36 million views and they were saying total minutes watched
more than 1 billion.
That's ridiculous.
Oh my gosh.
Hey.
Great.
Great for them though.
That's Twitch TV's just sitting there counting the cash from all the ads and the subscriptions
on that although then again that's a bandwidth bill I'm not sure I'd want to have to pay
for.
They should do that with like a TV show or something where they pick the outcome that
way.
Well somebody in chat earlier and I apologize I don't know who said this but I just remember
reading the comments somebody had said I wish I would watch the Twitch plays Pokemon
channel on TV before I'd watch G4 again something to that effect and I was like kind
of surprised somebody doesn't try to make like a TV show or something out of this but
I mean we live in this age where the internet is making us rethink TV.
It is Twitch plays Pokemon is a TV show.
It's just not on what you used to think of as TV just like you rent movies now not by
going to a blockbuster like you used to.
Just interesting.
So Jason says I don't think Twitch plays Pokemon had a subscription feature.
Actually they do but they make very clear in there about that it's it they're not going
to give you special treatment that it's just for you know you support what they're doing
and want to help them out.
You know again hey if you've got a little extra money and like what we're doing help
us you know help motivate me to do the next Pokemon game and program that before the next
thing.
Tiger Claw in chat says we need a Twitch plays OLR.
Hey funny enough go check this out if you haven't already Jason works very hard on posting
the shows up to YouTube every week and they run a week behind just because we want everybody
to download through the traditional means but for the archive folks if you go look at
episode 541 on YouTube Jason did a hilarious intro that does incorporate the Twitch plays
Pokemon thing into it so Tiger Claw go check that out it's funny.
So there you go.
One more story for you guys then I think we'll open up Skype at 1877 game OLR username orange
lounge radio but before we get there a rare game goes for over three thousand dollars
on eBay and what game are we talking about it is actually an Ultima game yes Ultima as
in that classic PC series but it was a rare side story which I have to admit I've never
heard of this and I always thought I kind of knew my up and up on the Ultima games but
Ultima Escape from Mount Drash it was originally on the Commodore VIC-20 from Sierra Online
the company produced no more than five thousand copies the first time it ever showed up since
the eighties was in 2000 and Peter O was a collector in 2004 that bought one for three
thousand six hundred and five dollars he actually is the one who sold this recent one he was
selling the copy it was the VIC-20 cassette in a plastic case the instruction cards in
the original box and he lost five hundred bucks on the deal because three thousand fifty
dollars is what it sold for so unfortunately the value went down incomplete copies meaning
they didn't have the case or the card or things like that they sometimes go for like six hundred
seventy five dollars or more so a very rare collector's item there Escape from Mount Drash
again I had no idea this was the thing but this was back in the day when Lord British was like
programming those games by himself so this must have been something where it was like contracted
out to Sierra or maybe it was it even maybe unauthorized I don't know I kind of want to look
this up real quick are there any classic classic games Jamie that you would pay a lot of money for
like maybe not on this scale but let's let's say you had that type of budget dark soccer is there
anything you would pay a shit ton of money for like that probably get well it's not worth that
much but I'd get panorama cotton you know it's a $600 game hmm which actually I think what it is
is that they literally made like 500 copies of that game so it's super rare not there's not
really a whole too many you know I might you know I might want to buy a copy of Emerald Dragon maybe
that's a pretty good game I got more information on what this game is all about the Ultima escape
from Mount Drash here's the deal it wasn't rich written by Richard Garriott but it was by his
friend Keith Zabala we I probably mispronounced that I apologize to Keith for butchering his last
name but he wrote this game in 83 now Sierra had just put out Ultima 2 and so what they did they
stuck the Ultima prefix on this game hoping it would sell better we've heard of this stuff
happening before right one instance that comes to mind is that Konami was a team silent was working
on a game called the room and Konami was like let's just call it Silent Hill 4 so they kind of
you know had to put it into the Silent Hill canon so you know this happens a little bit in gaming
sometimes you get side stories that get the the series name stuck on it there so it's a very old
old version of that happening all righty we are gonna open up the skype line guys it's time to
call us and I have your say on tonight's topics 1-877-GAME-OLR our username on skype orange lounge
radio the skype line is open right now give us a call while we wait for some calls to come in
Loki I'll check with you you have any last-minute stories while I load up Twitter I'm just watching
I don't really have any last-minute stories but I'm just watching my cat cuz I like I said install
the cat door in the garage door here and she does not know how to go through it she thinks it's a
window she's kind of like getting all frustrated like why aren't you letting me out she hasn't
understand the concept huh she doesn't understand the concept no she doesn't understand the concept
yet she doesn't know what it is all right well we are gonna go to the phones and let's go to it
right now hi you're on orange launch radio who's this dude with the fastest internet in the entire
chat room Rama hey Rama you are very good at getting into the show when you want to what's
up buddy not much I'm wondering to see if I actually have to work tomorrow because the big
and sudden snowstorm that's coming through do you guys have another freaking epic snowstorm coming
your way yes yes here's the funny part that I just said I said on my Facebook earlier today now
the fact that frozen has won an Oscar the amount of snow has dropped about 60% swear to God nice
you know what I think Rama you just need to let it go let it go Rob you know what fuck it all I
just want to remind you Rama I've been drinking a little bit here and there so crazy tonight
want me to do a shot for you buddy hell yeah I do do you got something sitting right there you can
take a shot at what am I saying of course you have something right there you can take a shot
of oh my gosh oh I'm trying to get a picture of it but our skype lines ring it off the hook I
can't like the webcam keeps cutting out there damn it I missed it you got to do another screenshot
let me taking a shot of sake and I'll send it to you would you feel better about all right fair
enough fair enough what's on your mind I just called talking about the whole new way upgrading
your older machines and so because this is something I do on occasion and even now yes it's
harder to upgrade a laptop for gaming but a desktop it's not that hard I mean not for nothing my last
major upgrade was about three years ago I dropped out 300 bucks on a new video card motherboard and
processor and it wasn't bad because you can get a pretty good video card for like 50 bucks
mm-hmm really expensive ones are for people who really just want to eat sleep drink game that
really technical aspect of it right and like it like I said about almost a month ago one of my
hard drives crashed I went out and bought a new three terabyte drive micro center had it for 109
walked over to Best Buy instant price match done nice that wasn't bad it's just you kind of know
where to look and yes even though Amazon does so computer parts just be careful I've been seeing
people selling like 80 and 120 gig hard drives for like 99 bucks and stuff like that not like
you get a lot of that reseller shit on Amazon so you got to be careful that when you're buying
from Amazon you're buying from actual Amazon well I mean sometimes the resellers are okay but do
your research a little bit because you get a lot of that make sure if you want it to be you know
still like sealed and all that get it from actual Amazon like if I really want to get a PlayStation
4 camera not to like throw it back to a topic from a while ago but I am I could get one on Amazon
but it's gonna be through a reseller for like seriously they're charging like a hundred and
eighty bucks for a camera that's supposed to be $50 buck and what's interesting is that like last
week I went I finally got myself um a DualShock 3 Amazon had of a 39 price matching at Best Buy but
on the next ad down a third-party reseller was selling it for $35 nice so do your research a
little bit people mm-hmm we're in an age of an economic crisis we have to save and pay people
we can that's right yeah well anything else on your mind tonight buddy ah no that's it brother
all right well thanks so much as always for the call and anime jam session Tuesdays here on the
Voice of Geeks Network and Rama also a playable character in flappy vog yes check all that out
all right take care of my friend too all right bye all right one eight seven seven game OLR
our username on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give our show a call and I gotta say
though the skype lines ringing off the hook tonight it's gonna be it's gonna be tough for
some of you to get through but we do have another call coming in so let's get to it hi on orange
lounge radio who's this this is Bobby hey Bobby it's our friend Bobby bachoff how you doing buddy
I'm doing good what's on your mind oh I called in because you guys completely glossed over the
important part of a story earlier oh we never do that come on completely glossed over and I
spent 20 minutes on my show talking about it's because everyone listened to you it's only a
three-hour show Bobby yeah yeah we might have glossed over it because it was something that
you went and it went into more death we try we try not to Jack your style too often here at our
show Bobby but please what do you what do you want to what do you want to go back and refocus on but
but it is king.com losing the candy trademark is that a good thing or a bad thing it's misdirection
they got rid of it because they don't need it anymore they got that candy crusher trademark
from 2004 so they don't need the candy trademark so they can do the good PR thing and have podcasts
say oh this is a good thing King is the evil K is backing off and they're not they're just using
a different more effective weapon to bludgeon their enemies with so so you don't think this
this like they're gonna let the candy swipe thing go without a fight despite all of the negative
press it's caused them because my thought was that they were okay so maybe they're relying on
this other trademark but maybe they're not just is this another one of the ones that they got from
Europe no this was one they got from a US company hmm because I know part of the weird thing about
trademark law here is that if you don't in try to defend it you'll lose it so maybe I don't know
maybe they're trying to default to something that they don't have to be as aggressive and defending
I mean I I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt even though I might be a little foolish in
doing so but yeah I mean that that could be it but I mean it is it was harder for them to take
on candy swipe with a candy trademark that they're just getting right but the 2004 trademark yeah
they can definitely use that to bludgeon their enemies with and even in and you know spoiler
alert and you know behind-the-scenes stuff I actually can see all our show role because I
run the website so I can see everything you can the finalized one though I don't see the finalized
one but I see where you guys put all of it put all the stories and even the article that you guys
used as a link has a statement from King stating we're getting rid of the candy trademark cuz we
don't need it anymore cuz we got the candy crusher trademark mm-hmm so they've even come out and
said oh yeah we're not stopping what we're doing we just have a better way of doing it
Jason in our chat room says I dislike black wolves tack on this I didn't even take on this
because they have the right to defend their trademark the exception is of course that their
game 2012 came out after someone else's 2010 as far as them defending their own game I don't have
a problem with it I I don't have a problem with it either when people are making puzzle games
involving candy that like literally step on the toes of what candy crush saga is trying to do
like with a very similar name but you know we all heard the story about banner saga a couple
weeks like that that was that was fuckery right there like there was no reason well I mean there
was reason for it but it was it was a ridiculous reason none of us agreed with that and I think if
a developer wants to make a game that happens to be about candy that otherwise has nothing to do
with like let's say Milton Bradley wants to put out candy land for the Xbox one using connect for
you know four and five year olds to play dancing like crazy in front of the connector whatever I
think they should be allowed to do that yeah and and that but I mean and even Jason says you know
if they use whatever 2004 game take out st. candy swipe that's that that's exactly what they did
that's exactly how they got him to take down his game is that he was fighting their candy
trademark so they bought candy crusher waved that around and there was nothing he could do about it
now they're like oh well we don't need the candy trademark let's abandon it everybody will say this
is a good thing and we'll just use candy crusher to do what we wanted to do initially because it
predates all these other games that predated us well well fair enough thank you thank you for
reminding us why this company is still evil yes and just to be fair we didn't exactly tell
everyone it's safe to install candy crush saga again no no and when you were discussing this on
your show that's when we were opening the wine sorry yeah but it is safe to install the unity
web player and go to flappy dot vog network comm yeah because Firefox had an update I this happened
to me yesterday and it's like this did it when I tried to load up the unity player it actually had
like this big warning saying this pull of this plug-in is vulnerable so we've disabled it that
happened to hmm so just upgrade it and it'll be fine yes we are not trying to read the contents
of your computer and what porn sites you may or may not be visiting and all that because I God
no I don't want to see that all right Bobby quickly please plug your show for our audience
I have a hard time believing there's anybody out there listening to this that doesn't know of your
show but just in case give us a quick plug and then we'll let you go it's Bobby Black Wolf show
I named it after myself so Jay Leno because he's unemployed right now he doesn't take take over
the show it's 8 p.m. Eastern 5 p.m. Pacific right here before olr and I even run long into olr
time and they graciously allow me to do that and I do fog and and and flappy fog which is over now
jokes over I'm gonna move on now the joke is over step away from the joke but but at least experience
character pack to a couple times before you get away from it completely all right that's right
all right Bobby the man take care buddy good as always to hear from you take care all right bye
bye all right one eight seven seven game olr is the place to give us a call or our username on
Skype orange lounge radio all one word and we're there's a lot of calls coming through tonight I'm
gonna try to get to them all so I keep keep trying guys sorry if you're not getting through right
away but it's it's a race of sorts and the buffer that we have similar to what twitch plays Pokemon
has that whole like 45 second buffer makes it a very challenging type of game so once again the
phones are open and let's see I could try to go to could try to go to the Twitter's just take a
topic but I think nope we got a call coming in let's get to it hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this oops sorry try again hi you're on orange launch radio who's this gamer girl hey
gamer girl what's on your mind my friend um nothing much just uh plan some lightning returns
some lightning returns you know we haven't talked a lot about lightning returns here on the show
what's up how is lightning returns it's really frustrating at first but I learned that you could
actually um if you don't complete the game like you're supposed to you can actually replay it
oh right because isn't it isn't the whole little twist in lightning returns that like you have 13
days to do it but if you screw up and you don't get things done you can start back from the
beginning but it's like it's like a new game plus type of thing or something yeah yeah you first you
start out with like six days on the clock and then with each I think it's called a seed that
you add to the tree and heaven it adds more time to the clock mm-hmm like the more more days the
clock and I'm already on day four and I just started playing yesterday nice so yeah it's kind
of like is it kind of like um Zelda Majora's Mask where it's like you know 72 hours remain and all
that kind of that yeah looming doom is there a big is there a big angry face moon in the
sky that's about to hit the earth not really but it's a movie much um you pretty much it's it's
like the same thing exactly because you have only a certain amount of days like I said and it gets
really frustrating at first if you don't know how to do it so for those of you who want to buy the
game or if you don't have it yet I highly suggest getting the strategy guide because you're gonna
need it you're gonna need it how do you how do you feel about lightning returns compared to other
games in the final fantasy 13 series like because I see fifth dream in our chat room over at live
dot vog network comm says I'm not sure how I feel about lightning returns at this point where are
you at in comparison to the original 13 because I feel so weird saying that the original Final
Fantasy 13 and then 13 to how is it for you the only thing I don't like is the fighting system
because you only have a certain amount of button presses before you can't you have to wait before
your um I don't know what it's called but before it regenerates right and as with the original
Final Fantasy 13 the first ones you could just press buttons and there's no there's no penalty
for it and also there's a penalty system if you run away from your enemies unless you're playing
on easy but if you're playing on like normal then you have a penalty system so that's kind of
frustrating I'm like oh well I guess there's gotta be that's that's the challenge in the game if they
just handed it to you that wouldn't be much of a game there so yeah fifth dream says you lose an
hour if you run so interesting um what else you've been playing lately anything else you want to
share with us um minecraft I'm playing a lot of minecraft have you been playing on the vog network
server um I don't know what the server is for that one because I mean I'm playing on ps3 so
I don't know if you guys are playing it that way oh no we're not on ps3 we're on PC so yeah the
piece ps3 one doesn't let you connect to PC servers fingers crossed that maybe the ps4 one
will but I don't I don't know for sure if it will or not we don't know much about the ps4 version
so mad about ps4 so bad why so mad because one of my favorite games is not gonna be on ps3 so I
have to buy a ps4 which is I believe it's Kingdom the next Kingdom Hearts oh yes well it's taken but
no you're right to be expected anyway yeah it's gonna happen if it's equals are gonna go to the
next system that's that's what happens but just think of it even prettier Disney characters true
so I'm gonna end up getting it anyways I just have to wait for a price drop which I'm gonna
be waiting for a while cuz I just got a Wii U oh how you liking the Wii U I like it um as far as
like having to be able to watch TV and then game at the same time I think that's really cool do you
ever use that TV integrated things you can chat along with big events like probably they probably
got one going for the Oscars right now um it's not really they don't talk about it at all but it's
I do use the chat feature because that's how dark dark Tetsuya and I keep in touch oh okay you know
little Wii U video yeah all right well gamer girl thanks so much for sharing your thoughts on
lightning returns a game I haven't gotten around to yet appreciate it and good luck I hope you're
able to beat the clock thanks all right take care bye bye all right we are gonna try to take a
couple more calls we finished we finished news and stories and things a little bit early tonight so
we still have some time to take a few more calls so 187 do you have a last-minute story please go
ahead try to get it in quick before oh no too late too late we got another call coming in Loki
you can you can do your story after this call we do have another call on the line hi on orange
radio who's this he could have totally done his story and I would have waited well hi Shane how
are you I'm fine all right well then Shane would you please sit there patiently Loki yes so real
quick an interceptor you know the guys that did the rise of triad reboot they've acquired apogee
software who owns 3d realms apogee apogee whatever you know I don't care you grammar
me all you want I just don't so what do you think this means for the future of well do they still
does 3d realm still have like the doom and doom 4 and all that or um well 3d realms had Duke
but they sold that IP so hmm I don't know they have any more all right well anyway back to the
phone thank you for waiting so patiently Shane what's on your mind tonight you're welcome first
of all just a message to Rama have fun with this new storm it's supposed to get below negative 20
here tonight it's already negative 14 right now like it's really fun it's negative 14 where you
are mm-hmm gross I can't even imagine I was bitching about it being 30 so no I love you
California I left you said you're okay with it what because we got snow so you know I love snow
it's um yeah it's kind of like Christmas except everybody already took down their lights cuz
they're dumb what I was going to talk about I called in to talk about that I have now stepped
into the year I think it's like 2001 and I'm finally playing Kingdom Hearts for the first
time for real wait you've never played Kingdom Hearts before I played it when it first came out
for like half a second and I hated the camera like I thought it was the worst thing ever so I quit
playing and now I'm going through the ps3 version and I still kind of hate the camera but it's not
as bad as it was but man that games not a lot of fun sometimes I'll just say they did fix it up on
the PlayStation 3 version I seem to recall so it's is it a little better than what you remember yeah
the camera is a little better than what I remember but I still the game is not grabbing me yet I
don't know how long it's supposed to take before it does cuz first of all David Boreanaz can't act
worth a crap so he needs to not be in any of the other games I hope but that's perfect for squall
because squalls kind of I'm squall I mean let's see even your impression of what squall should
be is far better than what David Boreanaz is putting out in that game maybe Jamie should
release like her own voice thing that people could patch into the game yeah that's fine I
would I would use that for that's cool can you give us another squall line Jamie I have a gun
blade there you go way more interesting how far are you in the game just out of curiosity I just
beat the Wonderland world okay which that boss sucked yeah I literally for three hours last
night yeah that guy is kind of a jerk yeah I remember that boss it's like the big it's the
big guy like you go back into that room with the eat me drink me stuff and it's like a huge like
weird I'm automation chairs and stuff right yeah and then like I was trying to kill him and I was
like maybe I could use some fire on him oh wait that turns his batons on fire and it just kills
me quicker yeah it was so frustrating but now I'm on the Coliseum world so I'm hoping it gets a
little better well it's I I am gonna say this I kind of think Kingdom Hearts 2 is a better game
but I still love Kingdom Hearts the Tron level will piss you off at first just doing the light
cycle part would piss you off yeah I just want to play Tron legacy but I know that's in the 3ds
one is the 3ds one not in any of the ones that I have access to right now so kind of sad about
that that's okay well welcome to 2001 Shane thank you and you're playing it oh my god I'm about to
graduate high school that's amazing you're playing an MMO from 2001 as well aren't you
I actually yeah I am right now playing Final Fantasy 11 because I absolutely love this game
and all the changes they've made to it it's fantastic not 14 mind you 11 11 yes now I am
a dancer in it it's the best you have been trying and trying and trying to convince it you're
trying to use those powers of yours to make me come back and play Final Fantasy 11 so far I'm
resisting though I'm no no no you have started to give in because he said maybe after the move
I said maybe just to shut you up that's all I needed you're a year too late I I was back in
it for like a month you know I was free to play maybe I was in it for like a month earlier too
but I Shane is convinced that it's it's all of a sudden so much better than that okay quickly
Shane you may not be able to a hundred percent convince me but convince Jamie convinced the
listenerships well no I have to pick and choose my targets I'm already two operating systems since
the last time I touched that game and I swore I would never go back and I'm a stubborn bitch
all right but you got to try for me Shane what why why is Final Fantasy 11 cool now because you
don't have to play with anybody you've got this system that's not unlike Guild Wars where you have
these NPCs that come fight with you and you make a mini party and I seriously in the past two hours
gained like eight levels and that's eight higher levels I went from 42 to I'm just below 50 and if
you've ever played Final Fantasy 11 before you know that's not an easy feat yeah I think after
like three years I got to like maybe level 54 on one of my classes yeah so it's just it's so
accessible that's what's nice about it and you apparently don't really even have to buy gear
until you get into the 90s because they raised the level cap to 99 they did they did put higher
textures out for Final Fantasy 11 at some point right did they I thought they did I don't think
they did yeah I don't think they did I'm I don't want to play it if the textures were much nicer
and it looks I just registry edit it that's what I did it looks way better than normal we'll see
but again after I move it's already playing Final Fantasy 11 once chroma comes out anyway so that's
kind of true I want that game so bad I'm very jealous oh Loki I want you to tell me more but
he can want to see it make like a private YouTube all right we should probably talk about this
offline but for now Shane anything else before I let you go nope it's just really cold all right
well I put a jacket on mm-hmm I have a hoodie okay bye Shane bye one eight seven seven game
olr if you want to give us a call or our username on Skype orange lounge radio I'm gonna try to
squeeze in one more call because I've seen one more caller coming through I want to make sure
I at least get the one another call and then I'll probably shut it off for tonight cuz I usually do
about three calls but I have done six but that's because our show was running a little short the
news went by quick tonight so um did you have any other last-minute stories you cooked up
Logie I still get to get to Twitter now all right oh here's that call we're gonna go to it and take
this call and then this will be the last one for tonight hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this hey guys Jason hey Jason how you doing unlike everybody else and the polar vortex and snow of
doom I made it home you made it home it's good to hear from you in your Colorado studio as opposed
to here in the studio with us well to almost I was actually at a con this weekend so I'm actually
I'm actually at a hotel and I'm hoping the internet holds up for the call but close enough to home I'm
actually you know driving distance with reasonably so nice and you I will have you know that in your
chair which was Loki's chair at one point but and he'll be back at some point but tonight hosting
the show you know last week was my copy of bravely default tonight tonight is Jamie's glass of wine
all right you didn't call us to talk about booze though at least I don't think so what's on your
mind Jason I kind of just wanted to point out something when I was doing the video yesterday
a friend of mine called me towards the end of the show last week so I missed the discussion on this
topic I am NOT and this will probably shock quite a few people but I'm not so sure that the whole
Netflix Comcast thing is a net neutrality concern because there were follow-ups that happened over
the course of this week so obviously you know additions since we first since you guys first
talked about it on the show I'm I'm a Comcast subscriber I use Netflix regularly I never saw
these problems and people have been talking about them being problems for the last I don't know year
and a half and worsening over that period of time and there was an article that came out this week
that even people people that use Netflix on their desktop see these problems people that use a
connected device more specifically in Apple TV like I do never saw these problems whatsoever and
this article pointed out that Netflix sends for whatever reason they send Apple TV streams via
a different pipe the short version of this story is that everybody on the internet has you know it
always boils down to one big backbone if people want to look at what I'm talking about real quick
go to internet health report calm and you'll see a grid of all of the major cross-network providers
in the United States specifically and there's only one two three four five six seven eight nine ten
of them if you are talking one network to another you switch across one of these networks these
people do you know they don't do gigabytes they don't do terabytes they do petabytes of traffic
a day wow that's a lot of bytes well it's not exabytes or yada bytes so we're getting there
eventually but it's it's one of those things where like Comcast was painted as the villain
because a lot of people like I I I I derive I say bad things about Comcast from time to time too
for you know better for worse for I think also in general Jason I think people aren't happy about
the large market share they're about to have because I think we sort of see competition as
a little bit of a good thing and there's also been a lot of talk lately about is the internet
a utility and we saw a case you know many years ago when what was it Bell or whatever was taking
over so much of the country when it came to the phone utility the government actually split them
up yeah and so we're starting to kind of ask that question shouldn't the internet be considered a
utility at this point I I'm actually one of those people it's kind of like I I think it is I think
we live in a society that necessitates the internet and I don't like I don't disagree with
any of this I don't like the state of broadband in America the fact that we do have one cable choice
one DSL choice at best and in like 60% of the country less than that you know by no means am
I saying that's a bad thing I'm just I'm just basically I basically just wanted to make the
point that Netflix did this for a specific business purpose to better their service for
people because the route that they have to take to get to Comcast subscribers for one medium
desktops was terrible and they chose not to leverage the other links that they do have except
for one source of video like I said the fact that Apple TV's never exhibit exhibited these problems
like desktop viewing did so there's there's a lot more to this story than just Comcast constraining
and fucking over Netflix you know maybe maybe Netflix made the right decision they didn't want
to oversaturate other links but there's a lot more to it this is a this is a really big story
that just doesn't distill into well Comcast fucked up again so let's let's deride them for the next
five minutes and then move on but that's basically all I wanted to get out as soon as I heard it
editing the video you're just saying that there's more to this and a lot of people are kind of
jumping to conclusions and I think that's fair because in the gaming world especially I mean I
know this is a little more tech you know it's a little higher a little higher on the bubble
than than than gaming but we tend to in this industry jump to conclusions all the time I'm
guilty of it we're all guilty of it we sometimes jump to conclusions so you're just saying you know
what look look beneath the service there's a little more to it yeah there's this is a big
incredibly complicated thing not only to the u.s. but the wider internet at large and it's
fascinating when you die when you dive into it you just have to find the medium to be able to do so
all right fair enough you might want to link that in our chat room that website you just gave to
because bonds double-06 says anyone got the site I don't have it I'm assuming that's the one you
gave out I don't know but check in on that on chat if you will hey Jason I'm gonna let you go so we
can wrap up the show but miss you buddy hope to see you soon oh somebody else was asking what what
con are you at it was it was anime land wasabi there it is obviously started on Friday I got in
here day before and I'm out of here first thing in the morning life returns to normal all over
again did you do any music mixing at the show no I was just attending with friends nothing nothing
particularly exciting this time around that's fun too Oh mostly because I didn't know if I was gonna
be back in town in time for it so you know but I did I made it it was it was exciting all right
glad to hear you had a good time all right buddy we will talk to you soon take care and I got you
do for the YouTube take care buddy yeah all right Jason everybody here on the phones and I think
that is gonna do I was six calls that was plenty enough I really want to thank everybody though
for taking the time to call in tonight and if for whatever reason you didn't get through maybe
there's somebody else calling who I didn't see their name sorry that you were not able to get
through but please send us an email to participate at orange laundry calm or you can send us a tweet
twitter.com slash o LR I'm gonna quickly go through some tweets here so we can wrap up the
show because we're after nine o'clock but I do want to at least get a couple of these tweets
out of the way cuz I know dark soccer wants to go home and get all rested up for work tomorrow
and Loki wants to tend to the fam oh yeah I do got work but you know what come on Twitter's I
more just wanted to wear my shoes the bottoms of my feet my arches were sore uh-huh from wearing
my snow boots mm-hmm and actually wearing my tennis shoes is making it feel a bit better okay
I'm gonna my it won't come up on my iPad so I'm oh wait wait wait wait wait just in the nick of
time there it is all right so I'm gonna quickly go through some of these um act F senses tweet
my little pony fighting is magic tribute edition is released by fans note this is not done by
main six the original devs and this is the whole thing where they you know they had to end up
changing it and the creator of my little pony was gonna help him out anyway no surprise that
the internet kind of did its thing and put it out anyway despite the legal wishes and so forth
especially in a rabid fan community like my little pony but hope it's fun but I would I would still
be looking forward to you know what's the new game gonna be that comes out of this what comes
out of the ashes with that so it's like it reminds me of that you know that chrono trigger re remake
that square shut down in and up on the internet anyway act F also says ultra Street Fighter 4
will add addition select so you can choose which version of your character to use notice that's
edition EDI TIO and not like one plus one is two so you can actually choose do I want to play
regular championship or so forth because there's so many Street Fighter fours at this point sheesh
all right some other tweets we got s2100 Matt tweeting us in a recent homebrew coding competition
someone remade Castlevania in zx spectrum graphics that's awesome you know though the original
Castlevania was actually on Commodore 64 it might have been was it vampire hunter that they released
it because wasn't that the original arcade it was vampire sex or msx so the fact is on zx spectrum
not a total reach but still very cool I love the D makes did you see flappy bird on the Commodore
64 no hilarious and of course I love love love and bring this up again super hexagon on Commodore
64 awesome there was a couple other tweets earlier in the week Eric RPG had sent us a tweet about
about a game that's being made that's inspired by f-zero I'm gonna see if I can bring up this link
real quick here it's a racing and shoot-em-up hybrid that's being made and it's got f-zero
influences and let's see it is a top-down racer with f-zero influences it's called the next
Penelope inspired by Ridge Racer type for kind of interesting you can check that out at indie
games calm if you want to see more information on that game and Flacco Jones also sent us a tweet
saying this might be interesting for your show and oh yeah I remember reading this link this let me
read the headline for you from AV Club point one five percent of mobile game players account for
half of all in-game revenue in other I don't know this stupid website has an ad on it but anyway so
I can't read much more than that headline but yeah point one five percent is generating half
of the revenue for these games I'm actually not surprised by that whatsoever there's just there's
some people that pump all this money into games you kind of go like is that what you're gonna
spend your money on but you know what it's up it's up to somebody how they want to spend the
money last but not least tech 2030 wants to give a shout-out to a Kickstarter project called koe
koe I hope I didn't mispronounce that but it's a it's an introduction to the Japanese language oh
well shit this is a game I probably need to play sounds like it's in the shell of a Japanese RPG
but it actually teaches you the Japanese language sign me up that's similar to Final Fantasy and
Pokemon hold on I'm trying to see it's actually out of the UK as well it's being raised in pounds
but if you have zero experience with the Japanese language or you are well versed and looking for
god damn it it is koe by the way because it says there if you are well versed and looking for a
supplement for your studies or just want to play a JRPG for old times sakes this is for you well
shit sign me up maybe I'll actually pronounce some of the games correctly in future weeks you're
getting better I'm getting better I think I think Akuma JP was complimenting me as well which is a
very nice compliment at least maybe I'm sounding like a kindergartener at this point remember
you a oh I owe you just kidding how about this Baca all right you can search for that over on
kickstarter if you want to see if yourself koe or it seems like somebody in chat just linked that so
there you go all right that is gonna do it for another episode of orange Australia that's it for
tweets that's it for emails that's it for phone calls thank you guys so much for participating
with the show tonight lots of great participation tonight but we are gonna wrap it up and say good
night before we get ever get around to everybody's final thoughts I want to give another thank you
thank you for downloading and supporting the show and if you like what you hear here at orange
launch later remember we're not asking for your money we're just asking for your word of mouth
tell a friend or two or five about the show and help spread the word about orange lounge radio
would really appreciate it it goes a long way to help grow our family and get more people here
on very tough nights like when we're going up against the Oscars and if you don't have a lot
of friends to tell we really appreciate or if you do have a lot of friends to tell we still
appreciate five star reviews on websites like iTunes and stitcher go a long long long long way
so we really appreciate those as well it is that time though where we go around and get everybody's
final thought Loki we miss you we hope to see you back in studio soon but I understand over
Skype tonight your final thought my final thought is I think I won my Oscar pool oh really yeah I
got everything I think I don't remember a couple of them but I got as far as I remember everything
correct except for animated short which was a tiebreaker question on our list so I think
it may have won well at least that'll be some good news at work tomorrow right exactly yeah
all right dark soccer your final thought tonight I think I need to take some Benadryl because my
lip is swelling in a very odd way I hope you're not I hope you're not allergic to the wine no I'm
not allergic to the wine but um I ate some things tonight that I haven't eaten in a long time oh and
one of them might have had peppers in it oh so hey Alan do we have Benadryl oh you have some okay
phew all right and my final thought is um I don't really have a lot so I'm just gonna say stay
healthy stay healthy and stay stay cool everybody because you guys are great for listening to this
entire show and you're all just really cool so that's it guys we're gonna wrap up and say good
night thank you for listening to Orange Lounge Radio we'll see you again next week good night
you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR
Studios to join us for a live show tune in to vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific
9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
