DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki Tonight, December 30th, 2012, one console
ends production.
Could adult movies really soon be on the Wii U?
Can we look back at the best and worst of 2012?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 487 for this December the 30th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about
video games, video gaming, gaming culture, gamer lifestyle, gamer lols, gamer, we haven't
thought of it yet, with my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura.
Hi.
How are you DarkSakura?
Caffeinated.
Or Jamie Summers, depending on how people want to call you.
Or awesome.
Or awesome, Miss Awesome, Queen of Awesome.
Yes, that's right.
You excited for New Year's Eve?
I guess.
Big plans?
No.
Okay, Dan's gonna have the relatives over and my plan is to be playing Mass Effect from
the New Year rolls in and drinking, which are my two resolutions.
I was just gonna say, you made a Facebook post the other day with your New Year's resolutions.
My New Year's resolutions, actually I had four things.
I think it was to drink more, to play more Mass Effect, to play more WoW, which actually
I have been slacking, and to do more art.
Usually you don't see people resolve to play more video games, you see people resolve to
play less.
I need to play more video games.
I've been slacking.
You need to play more variety of video games.
I need to play more games that I've actually bought on Steam.
There you go.
I just bought Limbo, because it's on sale and it looks really neat.
Who doesn't love a sale?
I've been getting really kind of artsy fartsy games and then I went out and bought Dr. Robotnik's
Mean Bean Machine.
Why not?
So, more on that later.
You mean Kirby's Avalanche?
No, puyo puyo.
Also, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm doing alright.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What's new with you?
Not much.
I mean, just watching a video of Grand Theft Auto.
Even when you're not playing it, you're thinking about it.
It's cool.
Yeah, I am.
I noticed that you brought pizza with you to the show tonight.
The last OLR of 2012, by the way.
Actually the last live VoG network show of 2012.
Not the last VoG show of 2012, because we do have taped programming tomorrow, but the
last live show of 2012 tonight.
So you brought pizza and you said it's Pepperoni 4.0?
They call it, it's Round Table's Pepperoni 4.0.
It's not very good, because they're like, oh hey, we're gonna put a bunch of pepperoni
on there.
Yeah, I thought it'd be a lot of pepperoni, but it's just like, really the thing that
ruins it is their primo pepperoni.
It's the one that's like, it looks like salami, and it kind of tastes like salami.
Maybe it is salami.
It's not salami, but it tastes sort of, it's either saltier and spicier, and it just kind
of tastes off.
The rest of them taste pretty good.
But they have like these, I don't know, it's almost like the full currency of pepperonis.
They have the salami shaped pepperonis, they have the smaller, regular sized pepperonis,
they have the pepperonis you would find at like, was it Papa Murphy's or whatever, or
uh...
Honestly, Loki, I look at that and I go, I want a veggie.
And then they have tiny pepperonis that are like, the size of, I don't know what.
It's just super tiny.
We're always joined by the fourth guest on our show, the chat room at live.vognetwork.com,
where we do tape live every Sunday night, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
But not tonight, he was off.
He plays in the drum line for the Atlanta Falcons, and they had the late game today.
So he was off tonight.
But we do have the chatters with us tonight.
Frisbee starts us off tonight on Loki's Pizza, saying it's pep for Roni.
Alright.
Well, we do have another guest with us tonight live in studio, a makeup visit, if you will.
Say hello, everybody, to the VOG leaderboard, undoubtable winner for the whole damn year.
I don't know, the month's not over yet, a lot can happen in a couple days, but for the
whole year, I'm sure.
Say hello, everybody, to Flaco Jones.
Hi, everybody.
Hi, Flaco.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
Yeah?
What's new?
Tiger Claw has more points.
If you just take points for the whole year, I'm pretty sure he's got the most points.
Oh, really?
Oh, then maybe.
But a number of times on the leaderboard, then yes, that's me.
Bobby has to figure all that shit out in the next couple days.
I don't envy him for that, but nevertheless, a great showing on the VOG network leaderboards
this year.
So thanks for playing.
Thank you.
I'm the winner.
Yes.
So you get to come on the show tonight and just glow.
That's my prize.
A winner is you.
Congratulations.
Well, maybe we'll get like Tiger Claw to call in or somebody else to call in at the end
of the show and do a little gloating.
I want to hear from Immortal King too, because he's been neck and neck with you the past
couple months.
Yeah.
He's got a point head start right at the beginning.
Well, he's he figured out how to play the system.
That's right.
So good for him.
He gets he gets I should give him a special piece of loot for that or something just to
give him enough points to beat you like a bank, like a piggy bank banked all these podcast
points from last month.
Exactly.
That'd be a great trophy.
Well, welcome back to the show.
For those that don't know, here's the deal.
Flaco Jones joined us for a show earlier this year.
I want to say it was around June, right?
It was in May.
It was in May.
Yeah.
Close enough.
Back in May.
And we were doing the show and we got to the classic game of the week, which is always
right at the end of part A. Right.
And that's right when the power went out.
Oh, right in the middle of me talking.
That is a killer for the show, because what happens is then then we lose the recorded
archive.
And so there was no podcast that week.
So it ended up being a live only show.
And we kept saying after that, we got to get Flaco back.
We got to get Flaco back.
Flaco's back.
Yeah, I'm back.
Well, the problem was I moved in June.
I moved away from Sacramento.
So I live like an hour away now.
So that was what made it so hard to get back.
You drove an hour all the way just to be here tonight.
Well, I had really good traffic, so I actually drove like 45 minutes.
Maybe you sped a little bit.
A little bit.
But nobody got me.
All right.
So I want to talk to you a little bit about like you and the types of games you play and
all that stuff.
What kind of video games are you into?
What kind of gamer are you?
Console gamer?
PC gamer?
MMO player?
I'm a console gamer.
I mean, I do play some stuff on PC and I do like WoW a lot, but I still consider myself
mainly a console gamer.
Those are the games I prefer and I tend to like games that have a really good story.
Gameplay still got to be good, but if the story is good enough, if it's really, really
good, I can kind of sometimes forego some gameplay elements and I just go for story
games because I went to film school to be a screenwriter and so I'm all sucked up in
the story and I love games like Bioshock and I love RPGs because they always have really
good, really deep story.
So you must be really into Walking Dead these days because that's a game that's got to go.
I finally, we'll get into gaming weeks later, but I finally got exposed to Walking Dead
this past week and very well written game.
Yeah, yeah.
I was waiting on that.
I bought that one just a couple weeks ago.
I was waiting until it all had come out and I heard they did a good job.
I want to make sure they did a good job before I bought it because that started coming out
I think in April or something and I wasn't willing to just buy that now and then hope
that the rest would come out and still be good or anything like that.
So I waited until the whole thing came out and I bought the season pass even though the
season's over, but they still gave it the $5 off, you know, one of the games.
Well, there was a great sale on Xbox this week where all the, you know, they were given
away episode one for free and then all the episodes like two days ago, two through five
were only 200 points each.
So you can get the whole thing for like 10 bucks.
So I was like, yoink, thank you.
I'll be taking care of that.
So I had to play $20.
I have to play episodes two through five still at some point, but you know, that's all right.
Telltale has done a lot of great stuff the past couple of years.
I mean, they're only game that was kind of, and was Jurassic park, but a lot of the, I
mean, even then, I mean, I haven't played it, so I'm really going off of what I hear
on the internet, but even then Jurassic park has its people that are like, it's not as
bad as you guys make it out to be.
Thanks, Rob.
Now that song is stuck in my head again.
Jurassic park is frightened.
Yeah.
Or the actual theme song, Jurassic park, the weird Al one or whatever.
All right.
Um, let's see what else you used to work in the video game industry, right?
Yeah.
I was a video game tester.
You were the tester.
I was the tester.
Oh, wait, no, not, not actually didn't know.
I did.
I did a play test for Sony as well.
They had us come in and do a play test for, Oh gosh, I can't remember the game now.
It was like maybe one of the Jack and Daxter games, like a multiplayer play test and that's
kind of what got me into it.
They put a Craigslist, Craigslist posting was like, come and do this play test.
We'll pay you 80 bucks and you get to just play the game multiplayer and it was more
of like a focus group testing thing.
And I did that and I was like, that was really fun.
So I started looking up a video game testing job opportunities and I found Konami and I
went and interviewed and I thought I did a horrible interview and I went home and they
called me back and said, you got the job.
Well seeing how Konami has been doing the past couple of years.
No, but this was just a while ago.
This is when Konami was doing a lot of really quality stuff, right?
Well, they were still, I mean, they still had metal gear stuff, but the stuff I, you
know, you were there during the period of a lot of, and this is all common knowledge
at this point.
I don't think there's any secrets anymore.
You were in the office that is since closed, right?
Redwood Shores, I believe.
But you were out of there before that happened, right?
Just before they moved to LA, but everyone knew they were leaving.
But like, you know, you were there when Shane was there and like Mel B was there and a lot
of the people that did the Xbox DDR, uh, series, the ultra mix that did a lot of the step programming
and testing and so forth for that.
But you were really involved with the DDR stuff.
No, I didn't do DDR stuff.
I did.
I did a lot of karaoke revolution and Frogger was the first game I worked on.
It was like the Frogger DS game and there was like a Frogger, screw you, screw you for
all of that.
You should have told him this sucks.
Don't put it on.
Just let it die.
Let it die.
You know, I prefer to work on those games other than what they started cranking out
while I was there, which were really crappy licensed games where they would get licensed
off of Saturday morning cartoons and do that.
And I was like the head man for some reason because I took it with such a gosh, such enthusiasm.
I became the winks club guy.
It was a very small game, so they only needed like one or two people to work on it at a
time.
So I was the, the expert in all things winks and I, I took it and I was like, I'm going
to roll with this.
I watched, I watched the first season of the show and I was writing up bugs about continuity
problems.
It's like, Oh no, she wouldn't say that before she went on her first date with sky because
you know what though?
Here's the thing.
As much as I want to sit here and make fun of you.
How ironic is it now though that like my little pony is the coolest show on TV.
So like you were like hipster, you're watching little girl TV shows before it was cool and
you weren't even smoking weed.
Right?
Yeah.
Except my little pony still isn't cool.
It was only cool in the eighties.
You can address those cards and letters to dark soccer.
I have kids now and I was watching Nickelodeon the other day and the winks club is on Nickelodeon
now and it's all computer and it looks weird and the voices are all different.
There was a British chick on that show and now she's not British.
She's just another purple haired girl.
And now they have another winks game.
I'm there.
Is it another Konami winks game?
No, it's not Konami anymore.
It's d three.
Oh, Konami lost the license.
Sorry guys.
Ironically though, ironically though, the guy that was my Konami rep at the time who
was selling the winks game is now working for d three selling the winks game.
This is hilarious.
Oh God.
That's, that's even worse than like Flaco is like Flaco just kind of got assigned to
it yet.
This guy has like been following it, right?
Well for him, he said it was, it was all right cause he's all, we've sold these in the past.
He's all I know.
I know about this franchise cause I had to sell it before.
So Konami made a lot of winks games.
I assume they were selling.
That's kind of like one of the guys I worked under over there.
He was like, you know, it's kind of a, that's, that's where the industry, or at least where
Konami was going was like, why put a bunch of money into a new IP that might not sell
if you can just buy a license and the parents are going to walk in, dig well, toys or us
and buy that game for their kid.
Cause like, Oh my kid watches that show.
I'll just buy it.
And they don't even care about the game.
That's a lot of what kind of goes on in the industry.
Heck yeah.
I mean it's for better or for worse.
I mean, yeah.
You know, the walking dead again, terrific game that happens to be based on a license.
It worked in that scenario, although I want to say, isn't there like a first person shooter
game as well, but it's like, there's one activisions put one out, but let me say it's not out yet.
The bar, not very high for that one.
And I'm worried that people are going to get confused.
The walking dead game from tell tales based on the comic.
The first procedure is going to be based on the show, which is based on the comic.
So it's like, it kind of dilutes itself a little bit.
So let me ask you something, Jim, does, do songs like this give you PTSD?
That was, I feel worse.
Of course.
Well, you know, I didn't hear that.
I didn't hear that.
I didn't catch the beginning when I was watching Nickelodeon, but I feel worse for the people
that worked at E3 and I had to work right next to the Winx booth because that song played
on a loop all the time.
At least when I did E3, I had to do, I got to showcase Pro Evolution, whatever it's called
soccer, a manly soccer, winning 11, 11 at the time, but I think they were dropping the
winning 11 title cause it sounded really stupid with 11 behind it.
But yeah, that song played on a loop like crazy change in chat, uh, saying, Jim, remember
when we worked on the PS2 PC one, that wasn't so bad to play.
No, I have that game.
I still have that.
I got, uh, are you going to show your kids someday?
I will.
You know, I, I have it on, I have a little emulator on my phone and I have the Game Boy
version on that and I've showed my kids that, that version.
And uh, even my son doesn't, doesn't mind it.
He likes it.
You press, if you press and hold the X button, Bloom charges up her flame attack and it shoots
out and it's like a pretty animation.
So my son likes that.
But yeah, I have the PC version.
I think I tried to show it to a bunch of friends and they were like, this is horrible.
But the PC version actually, out of all the games we played, that was the best one at
all the winks games.
It was the most like a game.
And then later on they just started making mini game collections with that were horrible.
Hmm.
Yeah, really bad.
But the first couple of games, they actually tried to make real games and then like, Oh,
we don't need to do that.
Let's, let's save even more money.
Just make mini games.
All right.
I guess some of our live was that you, you carry a curse with you apparently Flaco because
you know you shut off the power that one time.
Apparently some of our live listeners are getting dropped right now.
I don't know what's up.
But that hasn't happened for a while.
It hasn't happened ever since we got the new router at home.
So turn off your porn horns, everybody.
Um, it's cause I brought two mobile devices.
Well, also I want to point out, we're showing, I'm showing that the feed is still going and
we haven't had, usually if we have a big drop, I see it, it goes disconnect, dah, dah, dah,
dah.
And like, but we're, we're okay for right now.
So we'll see.
All right.
Um, anyhow.
Oh, now there it goes.
There's the reconnect.
Good times.
Live radio.
What can you do?
We are going to press forward best we can.
So no one ever gets to hear me tell my story, but no, you only have it on the podcast.
No, that's good.
Damn you.
Konami.
I think they're the ones shutting me down.
Like, Oh, he's talking about the wings.
Turn it off.
Turn it off.
Do you think they're DDoSing us right now?
Yes.
All right.
Let me tell the chatters to calm down and twist your panties, everybody.
The world is fine.
All right.
Anyhow, barring a power outage, which you never know might happen.
All right.
Um, so you did the testing stuff for a while.
You did the wing, she and Frogger.
You didn't do DDR, but okay.
You did some of this cool stuff, a little metal gear, but you, you don't do game industry
stuff anymore.
Right?
No, no.
I got, I got out of that and when I graduated film school and, but instead of running to
Hollywood and doing that, I, I met a girl and I moved to Sacramento and, and I got an
awesome job at a school up here and I'm doing TV stuff, which is, which is great.
And it's so much better than the, Oh my gosh, I hope I survive plan that I thought I was
going to have college.
Like, let's go to Hollywood and try not to get killed and make movies.
And in this whole very interesting, it's a small world type of thing.
You married extra verse sister from Hoard House.
Extra from Hoard House.
I married.
So he's my brother-in-law, the guy who comes on here and talks about, you know, all sorts
of nasty stuff.
That's awesome though.
Bleached assholes.
Yes.
There we go.
Who doesn't do any of that, like in real life around like, especially like family
Oh no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Never.
Never.
That's why he gets it out.
He has Tourette's, but it only takes place when he's doing a podcast.
Well, that's not, that's not true.
Usually when he's hanging out with friends too, but, uh, or when he's at a theme park
on a roller coaster.
Yeah.
So, so the game testing stuff for you was just kind of like a bridge from one thing
to another, right?
It was a college job really.
I was not the kind of guy who could go to school and not work because I had to pay for
my rent and everything.
I didn't have a ton of financial aid.
So I had to have a full time job.
So it was crazy.
Cause I lived in, well, it's kind of confusing to say this to people who don't know, but
I lived in Concord and I worked in Redwood city and I went to school in San Francisco
side on Thursdays, especially I do this like triangle of doom where I took, where I took
Bart to Caltrain and went all the way down to Redwood city.
It was like hours on, on commuting just to go back and forth.
I wouldn't, I'd leave the house at like six in the morning and get home at, at 11 o'clock
at night.
I had to do that to make ends meet.
It sounds like Konami worked out a lot better for you than like Burger King, which some
people have to do, right?
Oh, I used to move TVs for the good guys and that was horrible.
I hurt my back a couple of times and Konami paid better and I just got to sit on my butt
and play video games.
Gotcha.
All right.
Well, people do what they got to do.
Let me ask this, what, what kind of like, are there any like really funny stories about
like what might've happened, like going into your favorite game, like, like crazy testing
behind the scenes story, like, you know, not safe for work type things.
Gosh, I don't want to like throw anybody in the bus.
Don't say their name.
Some people, you know, if, unless it was Shane, that might all mean say his name.
We would, we would, it was, it was a nice, relaxed like workplace.
It wasn't, I heard Sony was like a, was like a sweat shop, but I don't know, I didn't really
work there, but I heard it was like a sweat shop and it wasn't fun, but we would go out
on lunch and we'd get some drinks and we'd come back and it's like, oh, it's post-lunch
nap time and look at all these DDR pads make wonderful blankets and you know, just stuff
like that.
But you know, I'm drinking with my boss, I guess that sounds bad.
So they're drinking then like, well, it's not bad if I drink on the job kind of or at
lunch break.
So yeah, we would come back and, but we, we always got our work done.
That's all that matters, right?
And some jobs allow you to drink technically on the job, like especially if you are the
type of person that entertains clients.
Yeah.
Well, I assume it wasn't like a prostitute.
I just assume because my superiors do it, that it wasn't against Konami's rules, so
I was going to be blissfully, you know, technically we're all temps anyway, so.
Were there any girls?
There were a couple of girls.
Yeah, yeah.
That's good.
Some of them I still, I still, I still know like Facebook friends with and Twitter friends
and whatnot.
Was it kind of a fraternity environment?
That's what I hear about some testing things.
I mean, even though it was, there were girls too, you know, they're, they're, they're just
some of the bros too.
Right.
Yeah.
I guess a little bit.
It wasn't, I don't think it was too crazy there.
Like, I don't know, maybe I hung out with the wrong crowd, but you know, I had friends
who were girls, friends who were gay, and it didn't seem like it was too much of like
a frat house.
Well, I don't mean necessarily like, I didn't know if it was like that company you talked
about a couple of weeks ago where they had strippers at their holiday party.
It wasn't like that.
That's a holiday party.
That's for the best.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, it was definitely like a fun like place to work, but it wasn't a total, like,
I mean, yeah, it was, it was a lot of guys there, but it wasn't like, it wasn't like
that Adam Sandler mama's boy movie.
We weren't all like that.
I just want to say you told me a story one time and I don't remember if it was on the
show or not on the show.
Maybe this was even you about some guy who came to work with no pants on or something.
Oh, that was not me.
So I don't know.
We did have a guy who come to work and I had a friend who worked there and he noticed this
and he had to tell me, he's like, we had a guy who came to work.
He wore like just a white undershirt basically for a shirt.
My friend would tap me on the shoulder.
He's like, I hate it when he wears that shirt cause all I can stare at are his big, dark
Asian nipples.
I wish you would put a darker shirt on cause I hate staring at his big, dark Asian nipples.
So yeah, but I don't know about anyone who came to work without any pants on.
See, once again, I was probably not hanging out with the right crowd.
Shane is yelling out in chat who it was, but since I don't want to, I got to be careful.
Are you in the chat room?
Okay.
Yeah, I am now.
I guess I wasn't.
Okay.
Oh, he was the one.
See, I missed that one.
I must not have been there.
I got laid off for a couple months too.
Shane that told me that story.
Oops.
All right.
You have a question from the chatters and then we'll get into our gaming weeks and all
that.
Tiger Claw asks, during your time as a tester, did the company make you do some testing that
was out of the ordinary?
I'm not sure how to take that question.
You know what, one thing that they asked me to do that was kind of cool actually was I
got to take a, a dev kit home because we had to test Metal Gear online and they wanted
to test it with different people's different service providers and stuff like that.
And so it was a big deal.
I signed a bunch of paperwork.
Maybe I shouldn't talk about it, but whatever.
I signed a bunch of paperwork and take the system home and actually got to test Metal
Gear 3 online from home and that was really fun and like no one's supposed to be there.
Of course, my roommate was right there.
He's like, Oh, this is awesome.
Like quiet.
Yeah.
Exactly.
We get on a conference call and we would all talk and then we were playing with the Japanese
play testers too.
And they were like just murdering us cause they'd already gotten to test the game.
We were just testing online functionality really.
They'd already tested it over in Japan.
We didn't get the triple A titles in Redwood City.
Usually it was those like Metal Gear stuff that was done in Japan.
That's not so secretive.
That's not that bad.
At the time they, you know, people want to know everything about a game like that and
yeah, you gotta be careful.
I don't remember ever being like told to test something like in some weird way.
I don't know.
But yeah, it was just, just taking it home.
That was kind of cool.
But it was, I didn't expect to ever have to be able to do testing at home.
Raginator says paternity testing would be testing is out of the ordinary.
He's not on the Maury show.
Raginator.
Yeah.
I didn't have to do any of that.
I'm trying to think cause the only one story that always sticks out with me is just because
the game was so terrible was that 25 to life and how like, you know, bad that game was
or whatever.
And you were telling me, Oh my gosh, that's right.
Crime life.
I think it was crime life.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, that was a game.
I didn't test it, but in the downtime when I didn't get laid off the next time there
was downtime, they, they kind of have you just test games that are already out and really
buggy or they just, they just have old builds of and so to keep our skills, you know, kind
of tight.
And they would, they, so crime life was a game where if it was, it was a grand theft
out of rip off I guess, but you could throw like every box into this one room and then
trigger a cut scene and the guys are like, they get stuck trying to walk through like
a million boxes.
So we, we bug that game and that game was so bad.
Like I don't think it was ever released.
I think it was just released in Europe.
Uh, no, it came out of an Xbox Xbox, but yeah, it was very, I don't know anything about that
game.
I just know it was terrible.
You know, despite all these, you know, extreme stories we're telling and so forth, you seem
very like positive and happy about the whole experience.
Would you say that, you know, you had a good experience and doing that whole thing and
yeah, that was one of my favorite jobs I've ever had.
Like the favorite, my favorite, I guess odd job that I've ever had.
Like we like that I had to go through to get myself through college.
It was the bad and I worked there for like two years because a lot of people are always
like, Oh, game testing.
You have to, you have to play the same game for eight hours a day and it's not all the
glamour you think.
Well, I think like game testing wire, like, you know, it's like a similar, not really
a first job or, but a very early job, not like something like I wouldn't go right now.
Hey, I'm going to become a game tester to pay my way through my mortgage and stuff.
That's not going to happen.
It's just stupid.
However, my friend pays his bills by being a video game, a strategy guide writer.
Hey, yeah, whatever it is.
They wrote the one for Mass Effect three.
He says he can't play that game anymore.
So yeah, there's a lot, there's a lot of like playing the same game, but it's just how you
deal with that.
And if you just have fun with it, like I, like I said, I had fun with the winks.
I was put on this game that you had a positive attitude about, like I get to be lead tester
even if it's the winks.
I don't care.
Yeah.
If you don't have a positive attitude, then yeah, that job could be horrible because you
could just be like, Oh, I'm playing Frogger and this is something I had to do in Frogger
that was kind of annoying.
And maybe this goes back to that question Tigerclaw had was they're like, we're, we
have all this time to test still now use the jump on every tile in the game.
So every square, like every tiny little piece that you could jump on, just jump on it and
see if you don't fall through the world.
And it was so annoying because it wasn't just stuff you would normally go through.
It was like, Oh, now use this cheat code to fly over the water and make sure that you
die in the water.
It's like, but over there I can't get there anyway.
What's the point?
So it was like, why am I?
So that, that got annoying after a while.
I was like, okay, I think we've tested this game enough.
Please get me out Frogger Frogger Frogger as hell.
And that was the first game I was on.
So it was like, is this what this job is going to be?
But that's a good little life lesson is that, uh, you know, if you have a positive attitude,
you can achieve anything.
That's right.
Leaving your dream.
The more you know.
All right.
Well, thank you for giving us a little bit of the 10 year old behind the scenes dirt.
We appreciate it.
Yeah.
But, um, so now you're, now you're doing other stuff.
You're doing stuff that's a little more with the film stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Education and you know, video telecourses, ITV classes, things like that.
It's, it's pretty fun.
And I know your wife is a teacher too, so you kind of, you know, you're, you're like
a whole little teaching.
We all work in like education and her, uh, her oldest brother does as well.
He's a teacher.
Her parents were teachers.
It's a very education based family.
So when I got to work at a school, I'm like, oh, this is cool.
Yeah.
I get to hear all their war stories and now I have some of my own though.
I'm not a teacher, but still I, I interact with faculty and students and stuff.
It's pretty cool.
Very cool.
Very cool.
You know, stay a while and comment on the news with us and when we get into the second
half of the show tonight, we're going to talk a lot about the best and worst of the year.
So you'll definitely be talking along with us there.
And at the end of the show tonight, we're going to let you finally make up the segment
that was forever lost with your classic game of the week because Jamie wasn't here that
week.
So we let you do the classic game of the week.
So she has her own game this week, but we're going to let you do your makeup at the end.
So you, your teacher, you're familiar, or you're not a teacher yourself, you're in education.
You're familiar with makeup work.
Yeah.
This is like your makeup assignment.
So I still have my notes.
There you go.
Well done.
So I got made fun of last time I brought a binder, like notebook style line paper instead
of a computer.
You're ready to go.
You're more prepared than any of us.
I love it.
All right.
I'm going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Act Def says teaching is cool if you have the patience.
Yeah.
You know, it's funny.
I'm kind of a teacher too, but I'm a corporate trainer.
It's technically my title.
So, you know, a little different.
Okay.
We've got another question for Flaco, so why not?
Another question, did you ever find a bug in a game you tested that was never fixed
upon release?
I actually have an answer for this and it was a Winx game.
And this is like, it was, hurry up and go download it, Tiger Claw.
Yeah.
Game Boy Advance game.
And it was towards the end of the game and it's a really horrible bug and it was very
hard to reproduce.
It took me, I did try to reproduce like a hundred times and I got it like, first I was
getting like one time at every 50 I'd get it.
And then I got it to like one out of a hundred.
Then I tested it a hundred more times after they said they fixed it and it didn't happen
anymore.
And it was a game breaking bug where if you saved your game and then you walked into a
certain part of a wall, you'd walk through the wall and it would break the game and you
would never be able to, since you saved your game, you wouldn't be able to restart it.
You would pretty much a game killing game at the end.
You have to start all the way over from the beginning.
And they sound, they thought they'd fixed it, but then a customer service got a call
about it, you know, when after the aim and release and this little girl was trying to
play the game and it happened to her and she was stuck.
And I was like, the customer service person came and asked like, is there any way out
of this?
And I was like, there isn't.
That is a, that is a game killing bug and I thought so bad little girl, but it must
have been like an insane chance cause it's very rare they have you test like a test something
like a hundred times, but that it was such a big bug that I tried to do it and if I couldn't
get it to happen one out of a hundred, then they're like, okay, then we'll, we'll release
it.
You tried, but because you didn't try hard enough, some little girl's winks dreams were
shattered.
I need to try 500 times.
She threw that game boy advance at the TV, at the dog, and the lives were altered.
If you restarted from that save point, it would still, you would still be bugged and
you couldn't complete the game cause a door wouldn't open for you cause you could just
walk right through it and then it wouldn't trigger the rest of the level.
It's not the first game to have some of that.
Zelda or some shit had that too.
Remember they had to put out that fix on the Wii, the Zelda patch channel.
Bubble Bubble.
Yeah.
No boss on level 30 and Bubble Bubble, you know, there's, there's worse things that have
happened.
The card fighters ones.
All right.
Uh, we're going to get into the news and all that good stuff.
We just wanted to say there was no show last week.
Sorry about it, but you know, it was the holidays.
I think a lot of your favorite podcast didn't end up doing a show.
We had a lot of stuff going on.
So, um, also, uh, we hope you guys had a safe holiday and um, also a happy new year and
all that good stuff.
Cause we, we won't be doing another show until it is 2013 so we want to wish you all a happy
new year and a safe new year.
Remember guys, if you're going to drink and drive plan in advance, what is going to be
your way to get home safely?
Do not drink and drive.
Get somebody sober, stay at, get a hotel, get a taxi, whatever you got to do.
All right.
Um, let's get into how our gaming weeks were.
I know I had a very busy gaming week, but let's start with a dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I played Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine.
Kicking it old school.
Yeah.
And then I realized, wait, why the crap am I trying to play this with the keyboard when
I could just hook up the nomad and play it on the Genesis?
So anyway, that was a one thing that I tried to play and I did play some more of that stupid
fairy solitaire game because it's stupid and addicting and stupid.
Did I say stupid?
Cause it's really stupid.
Um, and uh, oh yeah, I did play some Mass Effect.
Actually, I played a lot of Mass Effect and I played, um, wow, like for about 15 minutes
and um, I bought some games.
I got Limbo and I got closure.
I think I got closure though before last week, which is a neat game that uses light to create
your platforms or whatever the light shines on is what actually exists.
If there's no light on it, it doesn't exist.
So if you step back outside your spotlight, you'll fall through the ground and you can
either fall into another level or you can fall to your death.
That's part of it.
I bought Assassin's Creed 2, which is the only game in that series that I ever really,
you know, care about because it's set in Renaissance Italy and just, I don't know.
I kind of want to gank a de Medici.
You know, wouldn't that be fun?
Do you know who the de Medicis were?
You shook your head.
The de Medicis hired Michelangelo to design defenses for the house.
Not Michelangelo, Leonardo, one of those two.
And I remember one of them used to like mumble to himself in like one of the de Medicis diaries
and a bunch of them were popes and they also were persecuted during the bonfire of the
vanities.
Wow.
I'm picturing Ninja Turtles, but I know you're not talking about that.
Fifth Dream in our chat room says, Dark Sakura, is it taking you this long to beat Mass Effect
or do you play it over and over?
I play it over and over.
I'm on my sixth play through right now.
And my big thing now is that I got FlyCam to work.
I finally bothered working on FlyCam.
So now I've been going around getting compromising screen captures of my character shooting things
and lasers and stuff.
And I finally figured out now how to get FlyCam to work in the cinematics.
So that's going to be even better.
Lots of fun screens.
And sort of speaking of video games, Mass Effect dot tumbler dot com.
Picking up some steam.
There you go.
Speaking of steam, more stuff needs to go on sale.
The end.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I bought a lot of things.
Ironically, though, nothing from steam.
I mean, it is on steam, but it's not from steam.
So that that's weird thing.
It's like because steam had a bunch of stuff on sale.
But you know who also had stuff on sale?
Amazon.
Amazon had a ton of shit on sale and they had a ton of bundles on sale for really cheap.
Like I picked up one with Bioshock one and two and Duke Nukem Forever and Borderlands
Game of the Year edition, even though I already have it.
So obviously I'm going to be giving away games at some point soon.
There's also another THQ bundle that they had that had like seven games in it for like
seven bucks.
It's like, fuck, I can't pass that up.
That's awesome.
And then then I bought something else because I've been talking about it for a long time
now.
I'm just like, you know, for that price, I can't I can't pass that up.
So I bought and actually played a good 13 hours of Final Fantasy 11.
And it's definitely different from when I was playing it before.
I didn't know what the fuck was going on.
And there's it's a seriously it's a ghost town there.
And here's the funniest part, I actually tweeted about this because I was trying to get a few
other people to buy.
It was down to five bucks for everything like the game and all of the expansions.
Five dollars.
Well, they're ramping up.
They just announced the release of the next expansion is like the end of March or something.
So they're probably just trying to get a lot of people that will want to buy the expansion
full price.
That game.
I mean, we're probably getting to we're getting the predictions, I know, for 2013 later on.
But that game is going free to play this year.
There's our next year.
There's no way.
It's dead.
I mean, it's just there's no one there.
Like I was literally I'm soloing myself as a white mage right now.
I'm up to level 17 solo because you get so much more experience now, not even necessarily
just from the book burning the book burning.
I didn't really do that that much because there's no one like, you know how you would
say you were saying go do the book burning with parties up.
There's no one there.
There's no one there.
They're all gone in Guskin mines and Guskin mines.
There's no one there.
All like rank 99 or like level 99 stuff.
So there's no one to book burn with.
And you know, so I kind of did it a little bit through through one of the tombs or whatever
right next to Ron for.
But it's a little delayed reaction from dark Tetsuya in our chat room.
Wait, what?
Loki went back to Final Fantasy 11.
Yeah, I don't know if it's going to I mean, I don't know if I'm actually going to pay
for it.
But I'm playing for the 30 days at the very least, because, you know, I got it for 10
bucks.
And so I'm going to check it out.
It's just I kind of want to have it because I do think it's going to go free to play and
I just want to be ready for when that happens.
Fifth Dream in chat.
Got it on your recommendation.
Yeah.
So you weren't alone.
Yeah.
So good.
And but seriously, there's like no one around.
I mean, there's I was doing just checks of different places like the dunes.
There's like 19 people there.
Maybe nobody levels there anymore.
No one.
That's that's just not just there.
There's no one place where people are like.
I was like, OK.
I was like, OK, there's probably people there.
Nope.
There's like 10 people there.
And we're like, you know, there's just it's just a ghost town.
What I usually do, I go in or that time, that month or two that I was on it, you zone in
the Guskin mines, see if there's anybody fighting right at the very start.
Like once you run past the initial like cave and just do a say, please invite to what they
don't call it raid.
What do they call it?
Alliance or something.
Please invite to alliance or whatever party.
Can I have it?
You know, the whole auto translating.
And they'll just invite you right into the party.
So it goes.
So even if there's only 10 people in there, if they're all doing the leveling thing, just
so I'm also not high enough level to do that because I'm only level 17 right now.
Do it.
Seventeen's a great level for that.
Yeah, maybe.
Oh, trust me.
Trust me.
People start doing it at 12.
All right.
Well, I don't know.
It's just all new to me.
So right now I'm just soloing and I'm just going to probably try to get the 20 so I can
get my subclass thing going again and do all that stuff.
And I don't know.
By that time, it'll be the end of January and then they'll quit because I don't want
to pay 13 bucks a month for it.
But it's interesting and like I said, it's very different.
Like, I don't know what's going on anymore.
Playing it on the computer now versus what you had like five years ago, I'm sure is a
big shock to me.
Well, yeah, I can max out everything and I play on a controller.
So, you know, I do that.
I mean, I have my macros still, but since I'm playing on my laptop, you know, I just
use my macros on my keyboard and I play everything else on my Xbox 360 controller.
I used to have all of my macros done through my top two triggers.
Yeah, it's just I could do that, too, but I just don't want to.
I mean, I just it's a lot easier for me just to, you know, take my hand off the controller
and do, you know, control one, control two or whatever.
So I've just been doing that.
And I don't know, I've noticed like some new character, like new things like floating around
like there's all these pixies.
I don't know where the hell those are, but I pick fights with them and kill them.
Although it's weird, though, because I was resting one time and one of them healed me.
They come by and they heal you and they randomly raise you like if you're dead.
Oh, well, I've been just pissing them off and trying to kill them way to go.
Fuck you. Fuck you.
I agree with acidic vampire.
It's boring and it's a chore.
I was just read his comment.
A city vampire says I went to went back to fantasy eleven a few months ago, but stopped.
It did get boring and it was more of a chore than entertaining.
Yeah, that's what I'm kind of thinking, too, because there's not anyone on there.
But like I said, you know, just want to get the software and get it downloaded and
check it out just for a little bit, just because I was curious.
Ten bucks. I mean, that's less than a month of actually paying for it.
And five bucks, if you got lucky, that's even better.
But, you know, it's all the expansion so far.
You know, the new one will probably come out.
But I figure and I started a new character, too, because I could have done it on my
old account. Of course, I wouldn't have gotten a free month on my free month.
So, you know, I started a whole new one and.
I don't know, it's all right, it's just I wish there was someone to play with.
And there's really no one around.
I mean, it's just empty.
I'd love to come play, but if I hadn't burned myself out on it.
No, seriously, it's just it's very, very empty.
And I know you can get like what AI characters or whatever to help you out.
I'm not really sure how that works.
And I don't either. I think something like I said, I don't really know what's going
on in the game at all.
And I was like trying to remember what I'm supposed to be doing as far.
I mean, I know we're the kind of level and stuff before, but I was trying to remember
like what I'm supposed to be doing as far as like, you know, I know there's some
Sindori quests and stuff that you can do and just I don't know it.
I'm enjoying it somewhat.
It's just kind of good to like just play it and like let my mind just kind of go
because it's there's really no.
But there's like literally no one around.
Like I was just running around and I run across a couple of people and that's it.
And like even buying stuff from like the auction houses, stuff you need, it's just
not there because there's no one there.
Out of curiosity, is this getting you jazzed for Final Fantasy 14?
Nope.
No, I thought I'd try.
Not at all.
I mean, I saw a video of it looks nice, but it's just no, I'd rather honestly, when
Final Fantasy 14 comes out, I'd rather wait for this to go free play and play this
instead because this seems like it'd be more more interesting.
I mean, a 14 looks all right, but I'm sure it's not going to run that great on my
laptop.
I mean, it'll run all right on my laptop, but it's just not going to be, you know, as
smooth and I don't know how many people are going to be playing it.
It looks nice though.
I mean, it's just, I like 11.
I don't know.
It's 11 that I dedicate a lot, a lot of time to.
Okay.
So anyways, enough with 11, but other things I've been playing, I actually played
Borderlands 2 and went back to that.
So I've been playing co-op with my coworker.
So we've been playing through that and that it's actually pretty awesome.
So we got a little bit through the storyline.
Finally met up with, um, Oh, who the fuck is it?
Uh, the little girl that's crazy.
I don't remember her name anyways.
Um,
a tiny Tina.
That's the one.
So I met up with tiny Tina and she's just crazy, but I love the, just the humor in
the game is hilarious, you know, where she's like, you know, I need you to collect
my badonkadonks, which are these giant missiles.
And so then she straps, you know, these stuffed dolls to it.
Okay.
Put the damsels on the train track, you know?
And so she, and then she's like, okay, signal me when, when you want me to fire
these or whatever.
And she's like, I got tired of waiting.
So I fired it anyways, and it blows up the train track.
And then she's just like, Oh, it's just the humor.
The dialogue in the game is just awesome.
So, um, so that's pretty cool.
And we're just playing through that a little bit.
And what else did I play this week?
Um, modern warfare three, a little bit more of that still.
Um, I got this device called a Moga, which is from a company called PowerA.
They were actually giving them away for like one day as part of like the secret
Santa promotion thing.
And so basically what a Moga is, it's this Bluetooth controller for an Android phone.
And what's kind of cool about it though, is it has this little like slot that, or
this little clasp that you can kind of, um, adjust to fit your phone and you play
like a handheld gaming pad.
I mean, it looks kind of similar to like a Xbox 360 controller crossed with a
classic controller because they've got the analog placements of the Xbox 360.
There's no D pad, although the left analog kind of has this diamond thing on it
where it kind of does it eight way.
Um, or it has it where you can kind of do it almost like a direction on it.
Um, to make it a little bit easier.
And then of course, you know, the X, Y, A, B buttons and two shoulder buttons.
Um, and what's kind of cool is it came with some games with it.
It came with modern combat four, which I haven't been able to download yet because
my phone, it's the way they have it partitioned.
I've got like, you know, 16 gigs on it, but two gigs of it is dedicated to apps.
And there's no easy way to download something into that open, like that kind
of virtual SD card that's in there.
Um, so I've been unable to download that, but I was able to download
Sonic CD for it and it plays awesome.
I mean, it's just, it works great.
And so they've comes with that comes a Pac-Man Pac-Man Pac-Man.
So, but it works good with the controller.
So, uh, I am glad to see that this does work with Grand Theft Auto Vice City,
which is just really CHD version of that.
So, and I hear that's not selling as well as they had hoped.
Well, I don't know if that's probably help.
I mean, and this thing normally, I mean, if you, if I even get for free,
it would have cost me 50 bucks, but I think it's worth it.
And if you have a tablet or whatever, it will work wirelessly with your
tablet because it's Bluetooth, which is kind of awesome.
So, uh, you know, if you're looking for a controller, that might
not be a bad one to pick up.
Um, and it's, it's pretty small to you fits in your pocket.
So I had that and, uh, what else did I apply this week?
I don't know.
I have a lot of games.
Like I said, I bought stuff on steam sales and stuff.
We've got like, he's, I'm hopefully going to give away for some games
that I already have, uh, or games.
I just don't want to play.
And, um, so we'll figure out a way to do that soon.
And yeah, sounds good.
All right.
Well, I want to move on with our gaming weeks, but I want to say hello to
somebody else who's joining us in studio.
Who's kind of been walking in and out, which he's allowed to
do because it's his place too.
Everybody say hello to Alan.
Hello.
How are you doing Alan?
Good.
I'm sorry.
I was sick last week and closed down the OLR studio with my Ebola.
But you're feeling much better now, right?
Yes.
I had a head cold for six days.
I don't recommend it.
How did you, how did you finally cure yourself of the Ebola super yucky barf?
You just wait six days until your immune system gets rid of it.
There's really nothing I can do.
I bought this, um, spray for my nose that felt like acid.
That wasn't fun.
It worked.
I could breathe afterwards.
Cause I think it burned out my skull, but did you, do you blame
Obamacare for making you sick?
I'm just kidding.
Don't answer that.
All right.
Let's I blame coworkers.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
Uh, let's, uh, talk about your gaming week.
So you were sick.
So that's a great chance for you to play lots of games.
Nothing like being sick on Christmas.
What did you play?
I was, I only played three games really the last couple of weeks.
Wow.
Um, this is more a discussion for Horde house, but I have no problems
at all with this expansion pandaria, but the magic has been gone for me
since like this summer, so I haven't been playing it nearly as much as I should.
But I got played some wow.
I played some Mass Effect two and I played some walking dead.
So Mass Effect two.
Okay.
We've heard a lot about Mass Effect on the show, but you do like this
mod thing, right with high res textures.
Well, I'm on my third character.
She is my female paragon, which is kind of like a good guy.
Cause my first woman that I played was a renegade, which is more kind of an asshole.
So it's my third career and yeah, I have all these high res textures
for Mass Effect two that the community has made and they look awesome.
But the only problem is, is that when you load them up, it takes it literally,
I have to start it up and walk away and it takes the game 15 minutes to load.
So I, if I want to play Mass Effect two, I got to give at least an hour
to 90 minutes time, because if I'm going to let the game load for 20 minutes,
I can't just do a mission and sign off.
It's a waste of time.
You have way too much patience.
Well, I can all tab and look at Chrome or mess with my phone or tumbler tumbler.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about walking dead.
That's again, we haven't talked a lot about on this show, but you,
uh, checked it out this week.
What'd you think?
I don't want to steal your thunder, but it was nice.
Um, I was spoiled because I am on tumblr a lot.
When episode five came out within a day, all of the animated gifts and
YouTube clips and just discussions were going on my dash about what
happens in the ending of, um, uh, chapter five.
So I was like, Oh, that ending look, I'm not going to say anything about it, but
I was like, I guess I should say that now that I know how it ends and how everyone
is losing their shit over how it ends in a good way.
So I just, and then also I saw you playing it and the fact it was 10 bucks on XBLA,
right, and it was 12 bucks for the season pass on steam and like steam, of course,
is having it's we hate you and we want you to be poor sale.
So, um, that's a good name for it.
So, um, despite the fact that, you know, you had the ending already ruined for
you of episode five, how did you enjoy playing through episode one?
It was good.
I'm trying to juggle between being a perfectionist and wanting to play it with
a FAQ open, just so I can see all the different ways I could control the story
in later chapters, which I know is cheating, but I don't have that count.
I have that kind of time.
I don't care.
Um, and also just wanting to be a contrarian because I wanted to do stuff
that was opposite of what you were doing so that I can say, Oh, well, if you do
this, then this is what happens instead.
Cause like you have an iPhone and I have an Android cause I'm different like that.
So yeah, I was like, I wanted, I'm trying to juggle between having things be as
good as possible for my character, but also wanting to do like backwards.
Ass backwards stuff.
Doesn't that sound like somebody you want to date guys?
Somebody that does intentionally the opposite of everything that you do.
Just in video games and he has an Android and I have an iPhone.
Yeah, clearly he's smarter than you.
Hey, fuck off.
All right.
So anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to steal your thunder, but if I'm going to mimic
everything you do when you play, I should just sit behind you and watch you play
myself.
I'm going to have different people live than you do.
And I'm going to do.
Yeah.
All right.
That's fair.
That's fair.
But you do recommend it.
Yeah.
Anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Tiny tower.
Sucks.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
Uh, we'll move on.
So you're going to come back for part B and talk about game of the
year and all that with us, right?
Yes.
Okay.
We'll see you then.
Uh, for now, Flaco, how was your gaming week?
I had a, I had a very busy gaming week because I had the week off of work and
I'm not playing wow right now because wow eats up a lot of time.
I love it, but I just wanted to really focus on console stuff this week.
So I played more Nino Cooney demo.
I just play cause my son likes to watch it cause it's a cartoon.
And, and then I liked playing it too.
And so it gives me an excuse.
I played the, I finished the walking dead after Christmas.
I took, I took Christmas off of playing it, uh, because, uh, Exeter was in town
and he didn't want to see how it was ended.
So I waited and I waited.
And as soon as he left, I finished playing it.
So, and it was great.
It was a great game.
And I feel so bad that Alan got spoiled on the ending because I think that really
helps not knowing what's going to happen.
It's a, I think I know what happens, but I'm really trying to keep my
spells self spoiler free and I'm just kind of trying to forget.
I heard that and just taking the game at face value, but I'm still really
enjoying episode one so far personally.
I thought I knew what happened and luckily I was wrong.
Oh, okay, cool.
So yeah, I thought I heard a spoiler.
Like I thought, and I was like, I thought I read something for two sec.
I saw some words.
I'm like, ah, the words erased from my memory.
And then I just, you know, kept playing and I was like, oh good.
What I thought was going to happen.
Didn't happen just cause I read a few words and started making assumptions.
So, so just real quick about, you know, the game, would this be something
that would be all right for someone that doesn't follow the series?
Cause I honestly, I've never watched nothing to do with a TV show.
No, you don't have to read the comic book either.
It doesn't matter as long as you know, the basic concept.
I mean, they pretty much explain everything for you anyway, because it
takes place and I guess at the start of the whole thing anyway, and you're
in someone else's shoes, so everything's getting explained to you as if you were
brand new, so you get the rules of the series and the comic, like it's
really easy to jump into it.
I don't read the comics.
I just watched the show.
So I don't even watch the show and I was able to get into it.
I mean, it has a, it has an ambiguous opening, but like a lot
of TV shows and movies do so.
The show and I believe the comic opens the same way.
Like nobody, I don't think, because like I said, didn't read the comic,
but I don't think anyone knows how the whole thing started.
Everybody gets kind of thrown into it.
So they started the same way.
Um, now obviously trying to be very, uh, careful not to spoil anything.
Cause we have like act-deaf and Chad is like, no spoilers, please.
No, we're not, we're not going to spoil.
We're not assholes, don't worry.
But, um, uh, I have heard a lot of people say like through the Twitters
and so forth, that the walking dead has one of the best endings in a video
game ever, would you sign up, would you sign ever, but it was really good.
I mean, because you're so emotionally invested in the whole game, then when,
you know, when you get to the end, it just feels like all the other choices
you made are all like important.
And that's, that's like a really cool thing.
I find that fascinating, like in the wake of everything, everybody complained
about with Mass Effect 3 this year, because like Mass Effect 3 was kind
of the opposite of that word, but he bitched about the ending unless the
first time you played through the ending was with the extended cut.
Well, okay.
But, but I didn't have that.
And before that was in there and so forth, you know, as much as I loved Mass Effect
3, the ending, and I still defend the ending to an extent, like I think
people blow it way out of proportion.
I think it's a fine ending, especially after the extended cut.
But one of the biggest bitches even I had with it when I first did it was that it
really seemed like a lot of the stuff you were working with, with the galaxy rating
and things like that, didn't really end up doing shit when all was said and done.
Like it didn't really play into it.
And that's where a lot of people got upset with it.
So it's kind of funny the way you talk about the walking dead.
It really sounds like a lot, like you do get that reward.
And maybe, yeah, I mean, it's hard to say because this was probably all in
development long before Mass Effect 3 came out, but maybe Telltale kind of
saw the reaction to Mass Effect 3's ending and made sure we're not going to do that.
Yeah.
And it's in the details because the actual, the actual ending you get,
everybody gets the same ending.
There's not alternate endings to this game.
Everybody gets the same one, but it's in the details leading up to that final
screen that everybody sees that's different.
And the final, like one of the, one of the last kind of confrontations in the
game, very heavy on past choices, all the way back to episode one and two and
things like that.
So fascinating.
I mean, it's really cool.
And I want to just blow through the whole series.
You'll get to that part.
You're like, why did I do that?
Or why didn't I do this?
And it's, it's really cool.
It's just, they're really just details and it's story stuff, but I think that's
what makes it so good because you're so invested in this so that when that
happens, but the actual literal ending is the same for everybody.
All right.
Like did that, like whatever happens, you know, at the end is the end.
Uh, what else for your gaming week?
Oh, so for Christmas, my wife got me a PlayStation move, so I was playing a lot
of games with that.
I immediately got portal two in motion and what else did I get?
Oh, I got the little big motion pack.
We just got booted from chat cause there's too many people connected guys.
So we're not in chat.
Did you try to join chat Alan?
That was a no, no.
Okay.
So we had five people join chat and now none of us can be in.
Now none of us can be in so fast.
We'll be at it.
Oh, I will.
I'll be back in chat.
Okay.
As soon as I get my phone up.
So we're going to try to get a plan B here in a minute.
Alan broke the rule.
He's yelling at me from the other room that I didn't know the role I was in.
I would have just not been in chat.
I didn't have to be in chat.
All right, so we're going to try to get back in chat as soon as we can guys.
It's going to be a little bit though, so just bear with us.
Uh, but anyhow, let's just move forward.
So, um, what else for your gaming week?
Okay, so yeah, so I got, so my wife gave me the PlayStation move because I've
been, I'm always bugging her, uh, her oldest brother and her sister-in-law to
borrow theirs, but they are, their kids use it.
They played just dance and like, but I want to use it cause I want to play, you
know, I played heavy rain when I borrowed theirs and, but then I heard the portal
two, uh, in motion pack came out and like, I want that so bad.
So my wife just got me one.
So now I can play it.
I downloaded the portal two in motion.
That was really cool.
I only played like a couple levels.
I played the tutorial and some of the levels after that.
It was really fun.
A little big planet with move is awesome.
Uh, the move levels specifically are really good.
And I played some, gosh, what is it called?
It's like Cooper.
Those had just lame move mini games, but, um, yeah, I'm excited.
It works pretty well.
And I played the Epic Mickey two demo, which I didn't like because, well, first
I played it before I got a motion controller and I thought they were going
to fix it where you didn't have to have motion control and they did, but you
have to use the right analog stick to kind of aim, you know, where you paint
stuff.
And so I hated that.
So when I got the move, I'm like, oh, let me try it again with that.
And it was better with the move, but I still don't like the game.
And what else is my gaming week?
Oh, and then I bought journey because I finished walking dead and I'm like,
ah, I want to play one more game of the year candidate.
And I want something short.
And I had played the journey demo, uh, when it came out, don't stop believing.
Yes.
And I actually wasn't that impressed by the demo, but everyone kept saying, well,
it's better when you get further into the game or whatever.
So, but I just kept putting it off, like I'll get it.
What's on sale.
Well, it went on sale for PlayStation's winter sale.
And so I got it and luckily I didn't have to play the first level again.
It actually saved my progress from when I played the demo.
So I get to jump right into the game and immediately it gets better.
And it is a short game, but I loved it.
And the ending is just Epic.
Like parts of that remind me of, you know,
Corona trigger when you're walking up the mountain and the wind blows,
you have to hide behind the trees.
So you don't get blown off the mountain.
There's stuff in journey.
That's like that.
I'm like, oh, that's so cool.
So it doesn't blow you entirely off the mountain, but it's,
there's some really cool stuff in journey.
It was reminding me of other games and there's like a kind of a platforming
level that's my favorite level and journey where you just have to climb
this tower and I'd love it.
And it was, it was a lot better.
Like I played a couple levels by myself cause I think it's supposed to be
online and there's people like there,
but I think whoever I was with was way ahead of me and it was really lame.
Like I can't keep up with this guy.
Uh, but the second time I kind of started again at that because once you beat
it, you can start anywhere in the game.
So I started at that level again,
which is pretty close to the end and I played it through the end again and I
had a partner the whole time and I even got a trophy for playing the majority of
the game with a one person the whole time.
Oh wow. Nice.
Yeah. So I just, there's me and this other person.
I think we're both kind of the same skill level.
Maybe I maybe it was their first time.
I don't know, but it was kind of cool.
That's awesome. Yeah.
Uh, I just want to, just a quick note for the live listeners.
I did manage to get back into chat on my mobile because what I did is I did over
4g so I have a different IP now.
So I am in on mobile, so I will be able to read a chat comment.
Some people are still talking about a walking dead in chat right now and uh,
let's see.
Fantasm chat says journey and a point and click adventure game of the years.
That's if you believe everything you read on the internet and seeing the TV shows
and stuff. Yeah,
it seems like those are the two that are kind of taken a lot of their awards.
So they were both awesome. Yeah. That's what I'll say. It's great. Yeah.
I love journey. And I, I, like I said,
I was a little skeptical cause I played the demo and I wasn't super impressed.
I'm like, really? I'm going to play this for, you know,
three hours and love it. Well, I loved it.
It's a short little three hour game and I love,
so you can't always base your impressions of a game off the demo.
No Bobby heard that. I had to work that in there. Come on. All right.
Uh, anything else you want to share about your gaming week? Um,
I think that's basically, Oh, you know what? Uh, on my anniversary,
my wife got her hair done and while she was doing that,
I played linked to the past on my phone and I'm the last study.
I've played it before, but I haven't played in a long time and I'm not,
I'm in Gannon's like final dungeon. So good choice.
I'm excited to finish that again for the first time in a long time. Okay.
I have to ask this.
Do you get as pissed off as I do when you're fighting the worm thing and it
knocks you off the platform 57 times in a row.
Yes. I hate that. I hate anytime. Anything that knocks you off a platform.
The first time I ever played that guy, it took me two hours. Oh my gosh.
Because I kept getting interrupted by my brothers and every time fall.
Luckily I just had the knowledge of doing it before. So this time I was like,
okay, I remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The first time it was terrible.
So this time I was like, Oh yeah,
I can beat this guy down cause I know exactly what to do and I know what spells
are abilities to use for each boss. So it's kind of cool.
But that was it for my gaming week. Little old school game. You throw it in there.
No. All right. Let me talk about my gaming week.
Cause some of the games we've already discussed a little bit.
I did finally get a chance to check out a walking dead episode one at least. Um,
let me just say this.
It was good enough where I downloaded episodes two through five right after.
I thought it was great. I don't even watch the show.
I don't watch a lot of TV shows. And you know, again,
I find that there's a lot of people that are like, Oh,
I don't want to play the games cause I don't want to spoil myself for the show.
So just to be clear, games based off comics show based off books,
right? Or something else. So is there based off the, well,
it's based off the comic book universe.
So it doesn't even spoil the comics cause it's a completely different thing.
Yeah. So just they, they go different directions and the characters are there.
Most of them are different and so forth. So yeah, you got all that going on.
So just don't let that, um, ruin it for you. Um,
some other games I played this week, um,
I played a couple of racing games actually. Uh,
the game rental service sent me a couple of racing games and I checked out need
for speed. Most wanted that. Yeah. What do you think?
Well, he's using his driving rig,
the one he set up for that's going to make any racing game better for GT five.
Yeah. He's been pretty into it. He likes it. Yeah.
It's interesting cause this is a criterion game and the last big thing I know
they did in the racing world was burnout paradise.
So it's like somebody got burnout in my needs for speed. Now you don't have like
the Epic crashes and all that,
but it is like the whole cop chases back in there and so forth.
But it's more like open world. Um, I like it. It's, it's fun.
It's, you know, kind of,
I like the open world element of it and the, um,
places you can go and do the races and so forth. But, um, I gotta say,
I played another racing game this week that's a little better.
So it's been taking my attention away from need for speed. Most wanted.
And that is sugar rush. No, I wish, uh, no force of horizon.
I've been playing quite a bit of, and it's great. At first,
I thought I was going to hate it cause I started playing it and I'm like,
what the hell is this? Like Coachella festival in the middle of Colorado,
uh, rich spoiled white kids, racing daddy's car and wrecking it.
Like what the hell at hipster bands all over the place. What the hell is this?
But actually it's they, they, the way they put it together is pretty good. Um,
I don't like that you can't customize the protagonist at all, but whatever. Um,
that's really a minor bitch. It's not really about that.
It's about the racing and the racing element is really good. Uh,
I like the fact that they have it set up with a very flexible difficulty.
You can play this in like racing game for dummy mode and it's great.
Having all the computer easy.
You can have the thing like do the braking for you and there's guidelines,
all this stuff. Or if you want it to be a little harder,
you can turn whatever you want on and off.
You can turn the rewind feature off.
You can scale the difficulty of the opponents. You can turn off the line,
the guideline and GPS thing.
You can turn all that stuff and you get more credits as a reward because of it.
But like the game experience isn't ruined if you use the handicap or whatsoever.
So the way they've implemented the scaling difficulty is really good.
So I have to give kudos for that.
And as much as I joke about the hipster soundtrack,
it actually is a pretty good soundtrack. So I give props for that as well.
Although my one minor,
minor bitch is that I hate that the game will not remember what radio station
I've been listening to. I don't want to switch to the other one, but anyway,
that's a really minor bitch. Uh, online support. Pretty good.
Did some races with act theft and Bobby the other night.
And we're all in the little VOG club on Forza horizon, which by the way,
if you have the game request membership to the VOG club, V O G,
very easy to find. And I'm an officer now so I can promote people or whatever.
So if you want to do that and race with us, it's, it's, it's, it's, I've been,
I've been meaning to use my racing.
I have a Microsoft racing wheel with the pedals and everything and I have not,
I've not used it for anything. I got it like a long time ago.
I did not get my ass kicked in online mode as bad as I thought I would. I,
we played at least seven or eight races. Yes.
I came in last place in a couple of them, but I'm new. I'm allowed to,
I came in third place on one of them.
Have you painted your car yet?
Uh, yes. All I've done is paint it, but I've seen the decal thing.
Bobby has a VOG car with like the whole VOG logo with the glowing G.
He emulated that logo very well in Forza horizon.
And the cool thing is you can actually go into the shop and you can search for
VOG and you can download that for your car if you have the screenprints of that
to put in my portfolio as the use of the logo. No, that's fine.
That's fine. Talk to Bobby about it. I don't know how to do that. So, uh,
there you go. And, um,
actdeft wants to clarify in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. Bobby and I,
actdeft are leaders of the VOG club in Forza so you can ask any of us. So yeah,
well I think you just ask for membership and whatever officer happens to see it,
we'll approve it. So that's all. Um, but um, yeah,
even though the whole thing is like Colorado,
they're able to do some very varied environments. Like there's a little city,
there's some really beautiful,
like there's a cliffside race that was just like where you're going through
tunnels and stuff that I was just like, Oh man, this is beautiful. Look at. So,
um, and yeah, I had a great time with online mode and I love the scaling
difficulty. It's, it's a great racing game.
It's one of my favorite racing games I played in a very long time. Uh,
this is probably the first game I've got from the rental service where I'm like,
yeah, I want, I want to keep this one. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to,
I'm going to keep it. So yes,
highly recommend for as a horizon if you're into racing games,
not like the other fours of games at all. That's very important to say.
It's arcade more style. And I say that's great. I don't know if this is true.
I heard a lot of the people that used to be with bizarre, you know, that made,
um, the old, uh, fours of games, right? And then they made, um, uh,
blur was the game that shut down that office unfortunately, which was a tragedy.
But anyway, I hear a lot of them were involved with this anyway.
But I don't know if that's true or not, but I believe it.
I would absolutely believe it. So it's, um, yeah, it's, it's, it's great.
I'm, I'm loving it. So, uh, now,
now that I've said a lot of good things about it,
I do need to express one of my kind of complaints.
That's a big exclamation point. And it's not so much about the game itself,
but it's more about the model and the game industry is in a very interesting
place right now.
And a lot of people are saying that one of the reasons why the PlayStation Vita
is really struggling right now is not just the fact that it's the lack of games,
but the fact that you have these like $40 games on the platform when you can get
mobile games for 99 cents or a dollar and so forth. But as we all know,
the way mobile games sustain themselves is that they try to sell all these extra
things and the add ons, the enhancements to try and, you know, get you to like,
like tiny tower Alan was talking about earlier.
If you want to get the tower bucks so you can get a nice emulator,
you can earn those very slowly in game,
or you can buy them for real, real money.
The reason why I bring that up for is it has a couple of features in it that I
think are a little bit shady for real money.
And some of that is that you can buy car credits that you can use to basically
replace the in game currency to buy the cars instantaneously. Um,
you can buy a cheat map or whatever that shows you all the discount, uh,
that you, you, one little perk in the game is that as you break certain
billboards, you increase the level of your discount you get at the upgrade shop.
Well,
you can buy a map for real money that shows you where all 100 of those discount
billboards are. So it's like kind of makes game easier.
Or it didn't just go on game facts or something like that and just do the same
thing for free.
It's all those like in game cheats you can buy and so forth and what have you.
I understand the having different cars as DLC.
I understand that having the horizon rally as DLC, but some of this other stuff,
it's not that it ruins the game cause you don't have to do it.
I just think it's a little bit tacky,
especially when it's press right trigger to get it, you know,
and then pops at the menu and buy.
It's just like quit shoving that shit in my face because it's really tacky to
ask me to pay 60 bucks for a game or whatever and then do this stuff on top of
it. Now again, I'm just saying I did enjoy the game overall and I didn't pay 60
bucks for it. I rented it. So maybe in some ways I did,
I did get it for free and I deserve to have all the stuff shut in my face.
But if I do decide to take the plunge and spend the 40, 50, 60 bucks to get it,
I just wish the game would stop trying to nickel and dime me after that.
It's like as a developer, I really think you need to choose which road are you
going to go down? Are you going to charge 60 bucks for a fully featured game?
Are you going to charge 99 cents for a half ass feature game and try to sell me
the $50 worth of features? That's my big question about it.
So just saying that's my one little bitch about the thing.
Act Efton chat says, Rob, it's people from bizarre and Codemasters.
That makes a lot of sense actually. So there you go. All right. By the way,
Jamie, uh, I did also get in the car shop, the decal shop.
Somebody made a car made with N seven sticker on it.
It looks like the Normandy. It's adorable.
Okay. I have to play this now. I thought you might say that. All right. Uh,
that's it for my gaming week. Uh, I'll leave it at that.
I felt like I played like a lot of games in my downtime and was able to play
some. Wow.
Yeah.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at
vog network.com. Use the passphrase group.
So now that we're like an hour into the show,
maybe we should get into some news. Uh, let me throw out some housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash O L R. If you want to visit us on Twitter,
also facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. If you want to, uh,
add us on Facebook as well. We are also on Google plus at, uh,
Google plus search orange lounge radio.
There's also a little mini URL that tiger Claude made some time back.
It's like G plus dot T O slash orange on radio or something like that.
I don't know. Anyway, uh, let's get into some actual news.
Loki wants to start us off.
So there was, um, a lot of drama with the game war Z, uh,
you know, it was released on steam and it wasn't very good because it wasn't
finished yet.
And there was a bunch of this stuff that they had in the product description
talking about, you know,
the features of the game and not a lot of that was true.
And then it got to the point where it was so bad that valve actually kicked it
off steam until, you know, the publisher, or I should say the developer,
fixes all the problems and issues with it. Um,
so the kind of go along with that now they're having the actual name of the game
being suspended and the trademark is kind of gone because of the movie world war
Z, which is going to be coming out in 2013 with the zombie typhoon,
you know, really weird trailer for that. But, um, yeah, so there, of course,
you know, the war Z is a little too close to the world war Z and unfortunately
the war Z filed their trademark request a little after world war Z.
And so because of that, it's most likely going to go to, you know, paramount.
Yeah. So now it's going to be called something else.
I thought when I heard about that game that I was like,
wasn't there that movie as well? Like I actually did look out for years.
I kind of did think there was a, uh, a link between them. So I have to admit,
uh, oops, I might not be helping, uh, the game's case here,
but I kind of did think they were related at first before I read up a little
more on the game. I finally did figure it out. Yeah.
And unfortunately the game of me looks kind of like a rip off of the daisy. Um,
if I remember correctly, I think this is actually,
it's another game that has a similar title, like war something.
And it's kind of like a zombie mode of that or a zombie mod of that.
But, um, yeah, it kind of sucks.
Another MMO trying to compete in that same franchise.
Is this the same game that has all that fuckery behind it where the steam thing
was misleading and all that? Yes.
That was where the guy like use, you know,
called his own fans that were abusing the game or whatever,
a dirty word and all this stuff. And just like they're just on a kind of on a,
you know, claiming there's multiple maps.
There's only one claiming that the maps are like 1500 kilometers or whatever.
It's not even close. I'm going to holla back to a 2011 reference,
but it's like if that ocean marketing guy were running a game company,
like that's just what I have pictured in my mind of like this.
When I read about this guy and his antics with the game is I'm like, Oh my God,
it's like that ocean marketing crap all over. Yeah. It's just, it's not,
not boding well.
And unfortunately I don't think the game will be able to recover from it because
by the time that all this stuff is fixed and the final version of the game is
done, I mean, you probably have the standalone Daisy client, so no,
no one really cares. Right. I mean, some people cared cause they,
they bought the game, but unfortunately it's pretty terrible cause you know,
they never, they never said, Oh, Hey, this is like an alpha, you know,
they were releasing as a paid game. It just, it's really weird.
Uh, all righty. Well, um,
let's move on to something completely different that happened this week. You know,
this is a really slow news week.
Some of the stories you're going to hear tonight are actually from the week we
didn't have a show cause this past week,
if we were to, unless we're talking about steam sales,
in which case there was plenty of news on that. Well, we'll get to that. But um,
this was a big story that actually happened this week just a couple of days ago.
And you know, it's the end of an era of sorts. Um, PlayStation two,
no more. It's done. At least in Japan,
the PlayStation two has ceased shipping to Japanese retailers.
Once the current stock of PlayStation two is off the Japanese shelves,
it is gone. You know, it's the PlayStation two.
The console is literally about 13 years old. You know,
it's probably one of the longest lasting consoles out of any of them.
It's had a good life, you know,
but there's a lot of people this week that are like, Ooh, no more PS two.
But I mean, come on guys. There's plenty of them out there. I think the only cast,
I think the only reason this is actually sad is because not all the PlayStation
threes are backwards compatible. So what if I need,
what if my PlayStation two breaks and I need to get a new PlayStation two store?
I guess that's what you're going to have to do, right? I don't know eBay now.
And they don't say anything about the U S either,
but I don't think these are exactly easy to find in the U S as it is.
No, they don't. I don't. I mean, they still may sell some new PlayStation twos,
but I know that they're pretty much done with the games.
Damn you. Konami and pro Evo. So putting it on PS two, I mean,
that's really a final fantasy chains of anduin or whatever it's called. That's,
that's, remember we talked about that. That's the last PS two game is on.
Well, you know, that's nice Japanese,
although it would be interesting to see if they release it over here.
I don't think they did with, uh, wings of a goddess,
which was the last one that they had out.
I don't know if that came out over here. Maybe it did. I just don't remember.
It was a couple of years ago, but, um,
I it's had a good run. Yeah, I know. What can you, what else can you say? Like,
yeah. Oh wow. It's over. This is more just one of those damn.
I'm getting old moments because I look at this going,
I remember when this thing first came out and now they're no more. Right.
Jamie, I'm rolling my eyes as hard as I can. It may be audible.
Why? Because I'm surprised it lasted as long as it did.
I was actually surprised they were still making PS two games for a while after
the PS three came out. I mean, yeah, I expected like maybe a year,
but how long has the PS three been out now? What, two years, three years,
something like that. Why? It's been more than that.
I'm just, I'm so completely not surprised. It's time for, you know,
but they're prepping for a next gen system and phasing out the,
it's almost exactly how it happened with the first PlayStation. Well, yeah,
it's just, there's no game sink coming out in PS two anymore. It doesn't matter.
The people who are going to have one have one, right?
I have a first model Japanese PlayStation two works just fine.
Don't need a new one.
I'm going to our chatters who are clarifying some of the Final Fantasy 11 issues.
A Shane Alinko says they already said no more Final Fantasy 11 PlayStation two
expansions in the U S Raginator says wings of the goddess did come out here,
but there won't be any more here in the U S which makes sense. So who cares?
It's just Final Fantasy 11 anyway. God damn.
There's a lot of newer games you can be playing.
I don't even know. Well,
and the other thing too is I don't even know if that,
couldn't they do it digitally? I mean,
I know they don't really have anything in sort of in place for PlayStation two,
but I mean, if you think about it, you could probably just download it.
Cause I know they have those three kind of micro expansions.
Those never really came out as a disc version,
but they could do something like that. Yeah. You could download it to the hard drive.
I don't know.
Damn. There's so many job classes I was not aware of. I was like, well dude,
what's all this? This is a scholar. I don't know. I'm smart guy.
That's really gonna fight off a goblin.
They're black mages and white mages. They're like gray mages,
but their thing is that they, they're a great sub job because they can,
you can do the, um, I forget what the skills call,
but it's basically you enhance your black magic and weaken your white magic or
vice versa. They're like a ying yang mage type of thing. So yeah, cool.
And now you know, and now I know and dancers are great for soloing in the,
in, in, in the end, most say, well, let's, let's,
let's get to level 20 first because shit,
I got to go do all that stuff solo now cause I'm not gonna be able to go back to
play Ragnarok online now. Cause retro is fun. Hey,
that's why I picked the Ragnarok server.
So it'd be easy for me to remember which one it was. Cause I had a Ragnarok.
Okay, cool. Yeah. Cause Bismarck's gone.
So I don't even know where the hell my character would be anyways,
even if I re did my old Bard black mage servers.
Yeah. Uh, Flaco, you have fond memories of the PlayStation too.
Yeah. And actually my wife and I were thinking about buying a slim a couple of
years ago. So we went to fries and you get, I had one, but I mean I have one,
but it was kinda, it's kinda flaky. It doesn't have a great video connection.
It doesn't play. Sometimes it cuts out in the middle of playing a game.
So it's dying and we, uh, she wanted to play Kingdom Hearts too.
And so I was like, well, we're at, we're at fries. Let's just see. What is it?
Like 20 bucks. It's still a hundred dollars two years ago at least.
Oh wow. I'm not paying a hundred dollars for a PlayStation two.
I saw one at the thrift store for 50.
It's honestly because these older devices, they don't price protect them.
So they're not going to drop the price cause they're losing money.
Cause when they bought them, there was no margin in it anyway.
So they're not going to eat, you know, 50 bucks on a console.
They're just going to let it sit there until someone's dumb enough to buy it for
that. I mean, that's why you gotta go secondhand.
Yeah. I mean, well I had a used one. That was my whole point. I was like,
but so we just hooked up the old one and it worked.
My wife beat Kingdom Hearts two again and all was good.
Well, I'm looking at Amazon and you know, they're,
they're a little scarce to find. I mean,
they're all from the secondhand sellers and uh,
$149 new or 130 new, but $50 used or 43 99 used.
So yeah, well mine held up. So that was good. But yeah, I was, I just didn't,
I had no idea it would be a hundred dollars.
I was thinking maybe 50 would be cool. I thought I was stupidly thinking,
you know, it should be 20 bucks cause who plays that anymore?
They need to amp up the backwards compatibility.
I wish they would just fricking do as much software backwards compatibility as
they can do. I mean, I realize not everything can be.
They're just going to sell them now. Ah, bastards. That's all they're doing.
Well, download games, right?
Maybe that they could sell some more VITAs by doing that. But all right, uh,
let's move on with some other news. Dark Sakura.
Well, as I was saying earlier, there are steam sales. Yay.
And I mean there's a crap load of sales. Um, there's daily sales,
flash sales, prolonged discounts.
You can basically see a game go on sale every 12 hours. Um,
not really joking at all.
They're doing like bundle sales like into like 75% off whole game series and
stuff and you can get steam alerts. And now, um, it's like,
uh, in fact I just had, um,
the steam site open just a moment ago, but they had, um,
hold on, say something, Rob.
I was just to say,
I wanted to check in with everybody on their steam casualties.
What have you given into on this sale so far?
I picked up, um,
limbo and closure and um, I picked up,
uh, what the crap game was that? Oh, Assassin's Creed two. Like I was saying,
um, Skyrim isn't on a good enough sale yet for me to justify it.
The Bioshock, um, franchise is on sale for 10 bucks.
Check Skyrim again.
It was the daily today or yesterday and that's as low as it's going to get.
And the Bioshock franchise, I'm not going to pay 30 bucks.
Bioshock franchise. Go Amazon. It's five bucks there.
Let's still play it through. Yeah, I hear far cry three.
You can get a better deal on some of the zombies game of the year edition is two
49 and seriously, if you haven't played that by now, then where,
what rock have you been under? Mass Effect two right now is five bucks.
Mm hmm. I, uh,
I bought Gianna sister's twisted dreams cause I wanted it anyway.
The Valve collection is 50 bucks.
That surprisingly is the only game I bought except I will say, uh,
Alan trying to get the achievement for getting the gift meta thing or getting
the meta, doing all little meta achievements for the holiday sale.
He gave me a gift of a little dollar 50.
I didn't know they had achievements for sale.
They do anything to get you to buy.
This is another game I'm actually kind of interested in.
It's another two 50 game. It's called the tiny bang story.
One of the indie games. It's,
it's got some looks like it's some neat puzzle elements in it too. Um,
but back on the mate, like critical mass postal, uh,
beat hazard. Uh, let's see,
I'm just trying to get the entire Indies super mega pack 30 games is 70 bucks,
which for all of that. Yeah. Um,
I will probably inevitably get dark souls again when it goes on like super sale.
The far cry franchise is 50 bucks. Not bad market. The Ninja eight bucks,
the Witcher eight, but which are two eight bucks. Flaco,
have you given in any of the sales yet?
I have not, but I already have a lot of those games.
I have limbo and I love Bioshock. I have those and, and uh,
and I got the humble bundle things. So I was like,
I don't need more games that I'm not going to play because I still need to hook a
computer up to my TV in the front room because I haven't had that since I
moved. Hey, instead of five, eight bucks, get that. Cause if five's great,
I don't really like the sub games, but other people can play them. I,
you know this about me, here's, here's, here's something.
If you want to get SIV five and some other games they have on Amazon.
See cause I've been doing Amazon because they've everything steam codes and you
can just redeem it over on steam and they're a little bit cheaper. Yeah.
Shop around for the best bargain. The two K mega pack, which is, um,
I think seven or nine games includes Bioshock to Bioshock borderlands game of
the year edition, SIV city, Rome, Duke Nukem forever, complete pack mafia twos,
SIV five game of the year edition,
SIV for the complete edition and the stronghold collection for 30 bucks.
I don't think I would even accept money to take Duke Nukem forever. Uh,
act deaf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
Loki check your profile and see the badges. That's,
that's where the holiday sale meta achievements and all that crap is.
Or don't, don't get suckered into that stuff. No. All right.
I was a little disappointed that they didn't have the little mini games this
year where it's like the little achievements within the games that were tied to
the holiday. Like they haven't done things like that since last year.
And I liked that. So like I remember last year they had the whole,
get the pieces of coal and then like you could trade up the coal and get the
games. I think that was so much better. But I guess, you know,
beggars can't be choosers. It's awesome. They're doing what they are as it is.
So, all right. Um, let's move on with some more news. Uh,
Loki, I think you're next. All right.
So let's talk a little bit about this thing called Disney infinity that we're
just hearing about for the first time. What is this Disney infinity?
But there's rumors.
It's apparently a new gaming initiative that's going to have something to do
with, uh,
this thing called toy box that is going to have Disney and Pixar characters
interacting in games across multiple platforms. And,
and it's also going to be like, you know, sort of like Skylanders.
And apparently they're going to tell us more about it in, um,
January. And also I guess it's going to be a sandbox game.
They're saying it's going to be similar to the toy box mode in toy story three.
Um, yeah, it's very interesting.
I wish we had more information about it as if like, you know,
we had some sort of document or something that, Oh,
what the hell is this that's in my lap here from like weeks ago that is under a
pile of cords and stuff. It's a document about Disney infinity. That's so weird.
So weird.
Let's see here.
Introducing a new game platform takes you to an infinite game possibilities and
beyond.
Imagine bringing together your favorite Disney and Disney Pixar heroes stories
and locations as toys to create your own unique customized environments,
adventures, and stories just the way you want them.
Now you can with Disney infinity, the possibilities are infinite,
but it sounds like the game itself may not be like, you know,
we know it's inspired by Skylanders,
the whole like real life figures and this whole thing,
but it's not that the game itself may not necessarily be Skylanders because
Skylanders is apparently very Diablo. Yeah.
I think it is going to be kind of more like the toy box mode because they're
talking about, okay, so some of the stuff that they're going to, you know,
be tying in with, it's mainly gonna be a lot of movie tie-ins and stuff.
So for example, since this game is supposed to be coming out around June,
you're going to have like the first few things, the monsters,
university Pixar's or cars.
I say they're doing cars, 3d or something like that. The lone ranger,
the Incredibles. I think that's also getting like a 3d treatment as well.
Toy story, parts of the Caribbean.
And they're saying the different types of things like they're going to have
gadgets, buildings, vehicles, environments, et cetera.
Basically the way they have it work is each character's got a character coins
and like a place at pieces and they kind of put,
they get put down on this reader and then when you put them on the reader,
it unlocks game content, but they are actual figures.
They're not there. They're their actual figures.
Actual reader is actually kind of the same shape as the infinity logo or the in
that they have in the infinity logo. It's like this weird like, yeah,
it's this weird, like uneven hexagon thing, um, that they've got there.
At least that's in the little, um, little thing. And yeah,
it's a apparently, yeah, it says open world, innovative game design,
triple a quality game, uh,
complete line of interactive game pieces supporting all platforms,
supports all T, uh, TWDC events. Um,
so yeah. Um, we, it looks like it'd be interesting. I mean,
more interesting as Skylars, that's for sure, but whatever.
Cause it's Disney and you know,
you know people are going to fucking eat this shit up and it's because, um,
it's, I mean, look at just like the crap that people come.
I'm a little worried about Flaco. Not only is he a Disney addict,
like the rest of us, but he has kids and he can justify, Oh, it's for the kids.
I know if my kids, if my kids want Skylanders, I'll be like, no,
but if you want something similar, you can get Disney. I'll be fine with that.
You know? So yeah, I mean, uh, it'll be interesting, but yeah.
Will you find an excuse to go to Disneyland just because they have a limited
edition character that you can only get like in the park?
Cause you know that shit's going to happen. I'll go anyway. I don't care.
Well anyways,
you'll be hearing it from the rest of the game blogs in January because they're
all sort of embargo or some bullshit, but you know what?
No fucking embargoes on this train
because no one shares information with us. All right. Fair enough.
It's just Disney infinity. It's not Fort Knox. We all know what's coming.
There it is. All right. Uh, anyhow, let's talk about,
let's go from Disney to talking about pornography, shall we?
Yay. Well, that's an easy segue. I'm suddenly reminded of this, this, uh,
GIF I saw of the wicked queen from snow white and she's,
she's holding this open box and she has the scowl on her face and the little
capture says, who put a dick in this box? That was awesome. Yeah, that's great.
Anyway. Uh, let's talk about porn. Uh,
porn found on a three DS and was traded into GameStop.
Oh boy. Yes. Uh, let's see.
This is actually a report from the daily mail. Uh, they got this,
I guess a refurbished Nintendo three DS had nine pornographic images on it and
was, uh, yet traded into GameStop. Oh wait, does this,
does this link to a local news story? It does.
I got to do that cause it looks like it's channel nine news here in the States.
Oh, I gotta find this. Where? Yes.
We get to hear sensationalist local news. I love sensations.
Let's hear sensationalist local news. Tell the story.
Who can take a small problem and just blow it way out of proportion.
Local news. We need a bumper for local news that just distorts everything.
All right, here we go. Local news on porn.
I don't want to hear zip ties.
I love zip ties. Tell me more blowing zip ties out of proportion.
Dude, did they have like a shop that's dedicated to zip ties?
Because that's fucking awesome. I want to know more zip ties.
Your long zip ties, your small zip ties, your colored zip ties.
You know what? What the hell? It's, it's apparently that's the city.
It's a store called a to Z and it has everything from
zip ties.
People who like work with a lot of chords and people who want to murder people.
All right. Local news time. Shut up.
New tonight,
a father from Lakewood had to return one gift that was given his son.
He says it traumatized his family.
The five year old boy found pornographic pictures on the refurbished game device
he got for Christmas. Nine news reporter,
Megan Fitzgerald joins us from the GameStop where the item was purchased.
Megan, the company says it's trying to make it right. Adele,
that's what they're saying. But the dad just does it. Wait, the reporter,
the, the lady's name is Adele. Is that, did I,
she's that fired their name. Did I hear that correctly?
Is the news lady's name Adele? You know, people are named Adele by the way.
Let's go outside the GameStop and watch this guy. Oh, watch.
See how that's possible since you can't just erase these images from his son's
brain, but the store behind me. But he's tried.
If the family, a brand new upgraded Nintendo 3d ass,
they also threw in some games in there,
but the dad says there's really no way to make this right.
He just wants to let other families know. So it doesn't happen to their kids.
When you're a kid, hands down the best.
That's the name of the electric buzzsaw, by the way,
trying to get into the kid's brain. I'm kidding. It's a toy tank.
Part about Christmas is jumping out of bed.
It's really exhilarating and seeing all the toys.
Especially when you're five.
And especially when you've been waiting all year round for that special toy.
I get a 3d. Yeah, you got a 3d. Yes, that's right. And these are some,
these are the pictures that we took this morning. There's Brayden,
but Wednesday morning, that excitement turned to horror.
He ended a 3d S to Brighton and Brian said, dad,
I don't think he should be looking at these pictures.
I don't think we should be looking at these pictures. It's just a DS.
It's not a 3d S. It's just exactly like a DS. You are five.
You shouldn't be looking at those pictures because don't you read the warning
that you're not supposed to play it when you're under seven or you're going to
go cross. Did you hear that? I said, dad,
this DS has porn on it.
And I handed him the DS and he just got up and are they all crying?
Hold on. Hold on. First world problems. First world problems. Hold on.
And the kid is crying. How does the kid know what porn is?
How does the first thing he said was this has porn on it and doesn't know what
porn is.
Because I would think that a five year old isn't probably going to know what
that stuff is and all those people are being silly expert, AKA a mom.
Does, does your son know what porn is?
Um, this whole thing really? I'm,
I'm allegedly in my opinion, this themes,
things seems like it's being set up for a lawsuit.
Yeah. Look good on camera guys. Make sure you're crying. And,
and they told the kid what to say. Cause yeah, yeah.
There's poured on the DS daddy. Hmm.
I'm asking Becky even fifth dream in chat.
Why does a five year old know what porn means to the phone? Oh, I lost it.
I, I just called everybody.
Really?
It was hard for Mark Giles as two young sons to see pornographic images on their
toy. Now look,
I get if somebody is like super religious or whatever and is offended by the
side of porn and so forth and just does and the fact that like a kid saw it,
because you know, as much as we're, we're laughing to have a good time with it,
it is fucked up that a kid, you know,
that didn't want to be subjected to it got subjected to it. But I'm sorry,
this is way over the top for me. But you know what? So here's not angry.
You know, it's even worse about it.
Hate the spoiled part of the story here that we're probably gonna get to here.
I think he said it was from Santa Claus.
Okay.
That was a gift from Santa Claus. There's another one.
I can't be mature about it. I can't be there. There's another one.
There was another one that I saw too that wasn't necessarily this,
but it was one of those where you buy stuff from Walmart as a returned item and
in the box instead of a 3ds it was rocks.
That's great. Okay. So I asked Becky for the sake of the show,
does Julian know what porn is? And I did at the end.
And she says no in big bold letters with four exclamation points and then
lol. But it was even harder for him.
And then I said, um, we know what was going on. And she said, weird.
So that's coming from a mom with a five year old just saying, all right, let me,
let me let these sensationalist local news courtesy of nine news finish up here
who tried so hard to make Christmas special about nine minutes,
nine images of a sexual activity on his
toy that he got from Santa that Santa got from GameStop.
So GameStop tried to make it right.
They told Giles the images were from a previous owner and they weren't caught
before the refurbished device was sold.
But you can't unsee this. He's five years old.
Now maybe when he's 18 or 20 and maybe he won't know anything about the kids are
hugging right now in the little,
they're showing a picture of the kids has no freaking clue what's going on,
comforting each other about this horrific imagery.
He's not going to forget about it tomorrow.
And the company wouldn't go on camera,
but the corporate office sent us the following statement.
It says GameStop is currently researching the situation.
We have a rigorous quality control process in place to ensure that existing
content is removed from all devices before they are resold out of millions of
transactions each year. One's like this happened very rarely.
Our number one priority is to make this right for our customers.
Degenerate Johnny in our chat room says ROFL Santa shops at the evil G
and an employee at the GameStop behind us told Giles that they're going to do
their own investigation to try and find out how this happened to Dell so that
they can make sure it doesn't happen again.
I'm kind of curious, Megan, is this type of a bulk eraser?
It would seem like that you would erase everything on every unit.
You would think so, Adele.
In fact the father was saying that there was a SIM card that easily could have
just been removed that would have, uh, erased all of these images.
But unfortunately that wasn't the case.
Of course we weren't going to show those images because they were very
graphic. But again, the company is saying that they,
they try and catch things like this,
but this one obviously slipped through the cracks obviously. All right,
Megan distro. Thanks Megan.
Really? Really? They're going to launch an investigation to it. Like, Oh,
some dickhead forgot to like erase this thing is with the way that GameStop
functions. Probably half that store is fired because they'll know seriously.
You're right. Probably because they fire their employees.
They make up shit to fire their employees over. I'm not lying.
I don't think that, I don't think that that story to get fired. Cause anything,
any systems that they take back for refers to get sent away to this is,
there's a reason why there's a reason why they're called evil G Loki.
They fire people for the tiniest of little reasons. I know people personally,
why do you think my husband quit?
Act deft in our chat room says they could have had the porn,
but they're rolling in the deep. All right, forget it. Look, I, it is a,
it is a crappy situation. I think that is way over the top.
The way everybody's reacting. It's like, okay, you know,
it's obvious what happened. It is wrong. GameStop should say, Hey, whoops,
we didn't erase this one. You know, but at the same time, I kind of wonder like,
how did,
did the parents not think to look first before handing the system to their five
year old? I mean,
he says I went to go take the picture and I handed it to the five year old.
How did, I'm trying to think like in having used the DS,
how did he not see the pictures first then? So I don't get,
you're the parents in the room.
My kid would not know what porn is when he's five.
And I don't think you even know what he was looking at. What's that?
Exactly. I think that's what happened. That's why mine have happened.
And then he decided, Oh, I'm going to get a case going.
So this is what you say to the reporters kids,
because I feel like the kids know what he saw in my opinion, in my opinion.
This is what I think as I honestly think that it's parents thinking other people
are doing their due diligence for them. Honestly, they say, Oh,
it's coming in. We believe that, you know, we're not going to check.
We wouldn't think about this. You know, if they were,
if it was something that they were truly worried about,
then they would have gone through it to begin with.
And let's be honest, this is a 3DS camera, man. I'm luck.
He's lucky to even know what's going on there because that camera is such a
piece of shit that like, you'd be like, what is that? That there,
I don't even know what's going on, man.
Those two blobs are really close to each other. I mean, it's just, who knows?
I just remember hearing from my little brothers,
mommy and daddy are wrestling again.
Or, or, or even better, you know, if they did shoot it very well, you know,
it's like, Oh my God,
it's like my eyes are literally being raped by the penis coming out and taking
3d. All right. Look, a tiger call in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
GameStop needs to double check their stuff.
I don't think any of us are doubting that, but you know, and I'm not,
I'm not exactly like giving them a break, but it's like,
I see how this happened. Christmas rush. Someone got lazy.
It slipped through. Doesn't make it right. But that's what happened clearly.
Or sometimes if you use, um, a mass, um, formatter for a card,
I've seen it happen where even for, um, camera and phone Sims, they'll,
they won't do shot better. Yeah.
What about the guy that returned that in the first place? I mean, don't you,
I mean, honestly, if it was me returning something, I wouldn't be like, Hey,
I'm gonna pull my porn on there and leave it on there. You know,
it's just like, you know, when I sold my 3ds on eBay,
I erased all the porn that I had on there.
Not anything that I actually photographed, but like you can download, you know,
stuff that actually goes on your card that has, you know,
picture sets and stuff like that.
People shot with professional 3d cameras that aren't shit like the, you know,
3ds cameras.
I think this is a good point that shadow next gen says in our chat room, uh,
Walmart does a worse job than GameStop.
It's probably very true. Uh, you know,
a company that doesn't specialize in game, you know,
they have a game department, but they don't specialize in games.
It's probably far more likely to make that mistake. Uh,
act deft closing up the story saying that kid should feel privileged.
He had 3d porn. He just didn't realize it yet. I do all the time.
He's observing the future. Speaking of Nintendo porn,
a good segue for me to mention this, a porn app coming to the Wii U sugar DVD.
They offer unlimited adult TV streaming on the PlayStation three iPad,
Xbox three 60 and so forth.
They've announced that they're bringing their app to the Wii U unlimited
streaming porn straight to the game console, seven 95 a month.
And you're probably thinking, wait a minute, how did they do this?
Like I don't know this porn app on the PS three and so forth.
It's launched through the web browser.
So in other words, that's not much of an app.
It's a website that you pay for to just get it formatted.
It's like, oh, things in app to be fair.
It it's probably looking at the user agent and stuff like that and formatting
to their site. Cause I actually have the sugar DVD app on. Uh,
it was course you do. No, no, no, no. Hold on. Hold on. Let, let me be clear.
Let me be clear. I don't pay for porn. Okay. So, okay.
So I had the app on, it came, you know,
it's part of the repository for the boxy. Um, and so they have it, you know,
and of course I downloaded all the porn apps and seen, you know, I was like,
ah, got paid for this. Fuck that. Delete. But, um, you know, they had it.
And so, yeah, a lot of it's thing with the boxy,
the way the boxy works is it's just, you know, websites, uh,
formatted for those devices. So yeah, I mean,
I could see that they would do that. Um, and of course, Nintendo go, oh,
we don't officially do this. By the way,
the internet Explorer browser on the three 60 sucks for viewing porn.
Just saying porn reviews by Loki. You're on,
you got to know which browser is good because it doesn't support flash.
Who the fuck doesn't support flash nowadays? All right, uh,
let's go to dark Sakura. We're already,
we're almost to two hours for party alone.
Let's try to run through the rest of the work until 1130 tomorrow. Right. Um,
to work on new year's Eve. That sucks. Yeah, but my boss won't be there.
No, that's money. Yeah, money. That's, that's the thing. Money. Um, so anyway,
well we've been talking and talking about this and I knew it was going to
happen and I'm so happy steam for Linux beta is out. Yes.
And I happen to be running Linux. I'm going to test it out.
Um, basically all you have to do is, um,
if you don't already have a steam account,
you can install and register and you're in so anyone can be there.
There's 39 games on there right now. Um, killing floor, um,
the book of unwritten tales and amnesia are there
and I'm actually trying to see if, uh,
I can get into the site there to see what else is on.
But I mean still, you know, it's a start.
I think that's actually really cool and I like Linux.
I may, uh, not have to keep using a PC anymore.
So yeah, if you're interested in it, just play and you know,
what's great is that steam big picture thing.
It really does kind of just make it look like an Xbox is great. Hmm. 3d deck.
How could you talk about that? I'm traumatized.
I'm going to see boobs.
I could say the sea bomb.
Did you notice also when he said when they found that I called everybody I could
think of. Yeah. The news,
your lawyer is no games.
But I did make sure to transfer the pictures before we gave it back. Stop.
All right,
let's travel around the world and check out what's coming out to a GameStop near
you.
Boobies 3d. Not a damn thing. Nothing in the U S this week.
Nothing in the U S nothing for people to spend their gift certificates on.
Huh? Steam sale.
That's the savior of gamers. That's all you get this week. Nothing new.
It's just all steam stuff until, um, till the eighth,
uh, going to Japan and checking out the releases there.
Xbox three 60 nothing. PlayStation three,
nothing. PlayStation Vita. Nothing.
The games don't start really coming in again until January 17th.
It looks like actually, uh, looking at the Wii U nothing.
God doesn't look like there's hardly anything coming out.
Yeah, exactly. Uh, uh, yeah,
it looks like it is totally dry in Japan as well.
So enjoy the games you have right now. I do notice though,
there is on PlayStation two Neopets, the darkest fairy. Oh,
that's a Europe game. It's a Europe game.
That snuck my way onto the Japanese releases. All right. How about,
how about Europe?
Nothing until the 11th, but one of them's a Wii U game. Rob.
What's that? Ninja Gaiden three. Okay. Ninja Gaiden three.
Why did I even say it wrong? I don't know. I don't know. I was thinking of porn.
Yeah.
Three cock.
We were at target just a couple of days before Christmas and uh,
they had like 12 we use there. That's just the one up in Yuba city.
A tower of fries. Yeah, they're everywhere. And yeah,
they don't ship any to us.
It's everywhere. 1200 on back order with Nintendo.
They ship us 12. You know, it would have fuck them. You know,
it would have sold them Africa, Tokyo jungle.
All right. I need, I still need to play that. Uh,
Loki myself have some stories and we're going to go to the last game of the
week. Loki. Uh, see here.
So this is kind of interesting. You know,
there was that documentary about Minecraft called the story of Mojang and is a
two player productions.
They decided to go ahead and beat the Russian upload at the pirate bay
themselves. So they, um, uploaded the pirate bay. Um,
people can download it for free. They kind of, you know, said, Hey, listen,
you know, we wanted to be,
we wanted to come here first because we knew the movie would eventually end up
here. And the best thing to do that seems to be opening a dialogue,
torrents and piracy are way of life and it probably won't be going away anytime
soon. And there are many people that want to punish you for that,
but we have more realistic outlook on things. And they basically said, you know,
if you download it, you know,
we're just three guys trying to make a living on what we're doing.
We love the world of video games and we love making it real.
If you buy the movie, you support those efforts.
The reason we kickstarted this movie in the first place was that we didn't have
enough money to make it ourselves.
Even then we still put a lot of our own money into it.
So they're just hoping that, you know, people do buy it.
You know, I did play Minecraft.
Fantastic. And you know, it's ironically enough,
I did not play Minecraft this week. Really? Well, I, I actually,
I think I went in for a little bit cause I was fixed last week.
I was fixing the servers cause I had screwed up the permissions by not installing
the permissions client. So I kept changing the config file. I was wondering,
why the fuck is nothing changing then? Oh, I forgot to reinstall it.
That's funny. You know, so I was trying to do that install flans mod,
but flans mod may not be coming.
I really wanted it to happen cause that's planes, cars and guns.
But so I can shoot one of those scary gray guys with the bow and arrow in the
face. Yeah, you can do that now.
But I'm talking about actually guns like AK47s.
I, my, my little girl, cause I failed to skin for her, um,
is making herself, um, a prairie dog town to live in.
I'm surprised you didn't find like a shepherd model for your Minecraft
character. I'm going to make one. I'm Zangief.
Mine's just like some whatever girl one is, but I'm making a shepherd for mine.
I did manage to update what I have. I'm doing the vog-minecraft.com.
Actually has, it has a WordPress thing installed on it.
I haven't bothered to update yet. I'm like starting so many projects.
I have another project that may be 2013 that I'm not really going to talk about
right now, but hopefully it'll be interesting. But, uh,
the website is another thing I want to update.
So eventually I'll get around to that. But yeah. Um, let me ask,
let me go back to the story about leaking your own damn film onto the pirate
bay. Let me ask our film guy.
Obviously piracy is a bit of a problem in Hollywood, right? Yes. Um,
especially when you talk about other countries, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah.
It's a much bigger over there.
You can go to another country and just get any movie you want. Really.
You can probably go to the theater and see a movie that was pirated. Probably.
Yeah. Uh, what do you think about uploading your own movie to the pirate bay?
I don't think it's a bad idea for a movie like this because what other exposure
are they going to get?
Maybe a lot of documentaries sign Netflix deals and I don't know how that works.
I don't know how the money transaction works,
but if these guys put it up on the pirate bay and they put like, like Loki said,
a message on there saying, Hey, please give us money. People might donate to that.
The guilt thing. What is it? It's not even really a guilt thing.
It's more of like, you know, Hey, you know,
they're actually coming out and saying, Hey,
it's almost like you if they did the pay what you want model,
which actually probably would have been a better way to do it. But you know,
once again, people are always going to pirate stuff.
They did some similar with McPixel was a game that got put onto the pirate bay
and he actually,
he uploaded it to the pirate bay and basically said, okay, you know,
we're going to do this. You know, you pay me what you want for it.
I think it's worth $5, but you know, you tell me what you,
what you think it's worth and you pay me that or nothing. And so I,
from what I remember, I think he made actually quite a bit of money from that.
Um, you know, it turned out very well and I think that's kind of the way it seems
like, you know,
a lot of these pay what you want things like the humble bundles and stuff do
really well and they get probably a lot more money than they would have if they
try to sell everything individually. Um,
act depth in our chat room at live.vog network.com says it's not guilt.
It's supporting something you like. Fair enough. And, and I haven't watched it,
but the trailer looked really good for it. I mean,
it looked like a pretty awesome documentary. It's nice.
I still need to watch the indie game movie from the humble bundle that I have.
I wanted to watch that anyway. So, Hmm. All right, well, uh,
let me get one more story here for you guys and we'll get to the classic game of
the week. But, um, you know, the Wii U game tank tank tank,
which actually is based on an arcade game,
which is funny that you're so excited about it because the games were getting
shit reviews left and right. Like people do not like it.
I don't care about the Wii U when I care about the arcade one,
which is awesome.
But you know,
I guess trying to sell an arcade game for 60 bucks like that,
like something you're used to playing a quarter for and getting your,
or maybe a little quarter. Yeah. This day and age,
four quarters for to get your five minute throw and then you're done with it.
You know, trying to get somebody to pay 60 bucks. That might be asking a lot. Um,
and I guess in Japan it hasn't been selling well.
Here's kind of an interesting thing that Namco is doing. This is only Japan,
but who knows?
It could happen here because I don't think it's selling that any better here.
Tank tank tank is now free to play in a way.
It's kind of a different type of model.
You download the upgradeable demo in the Japanese Nintendo eShop.
So what you can do if you're in Japan, you download this demo,
you get the basic action game for free. It has multiplayer.
You can do the city map free for all team battle giant monster,
but if you download the free version, you can only play it three times a day.
That restriction is removed.
If you purchase any download content for the game,
if you want to get more parts of this upgradeable demo,
you have to get these offered download contents in the game.
This is very iPhone. The way this is working out here,
like the, all it is the whole playing it three times daily.
That's your little three energy pills. And if you want more energy pills,
go buy them on the store or whatever. Like this is just,
this is literally the iPhone pricing model on a launch
title for the game. Now in the Nintendo Wii U shop. Very interesting.
I'm a little cautious with Namco doing it because remember Ridge Racer on the
Vita and how wonderful that was, you know?
Well, you kind of hope that maybe they learned something from that whole
experience.
I certainly hope so because God, that was,
that was a fucking mess. Um, but Tang Tang Tank's pretty awesome.
But yeah, looking at,
I can see why the reviews haven't been that good on it because it seemed like
the game was very limited as what they, what they're offering.
Cause I mean in an arcade game it would be, it makes sense that, okay,
you get like maybe an hour of entertainment out of it if you're really playing a
lot of money into it. But you know, this is a console game,
so you've got to have a lot more to it.
Otherwise you're going to get really bored. Um, so I don't know.
It's, which reminds me, I need to really go back and play a, that was it,
uh, say a gun game. Uh,
what was that called? I don't remember now.
Say good gun game. Yeah.
There is a Sega gun game that I was really raving about a while back. It's an old,
uh, it's not, not super old. It's not one of the virtual games. It's uh,
God, I can't fucking remember now. It's just a really wacky game. Um,
all right, well maybe somebody in chat will read your mind. Um,
but I think this makes a very interesting sort of compliment to the last story
you talked about. I mean they may not be putting tank tank tank up on the pirate
bay, but essentially they're putting it on a place where they're saying, Hey,
download it for free and let's see what happens because I bet you a lot more
people now will play tank tank tank go squad.
It was the game I was thinking of pretty cool. It's, but see,
that game has a lot of replay. I mean it's a very short game,
but you unlock weapons and the weapons increase the difficulty.
And so it was fun. Let's go back to my point though, is that, you know,
way more people are going to play this game than probably would have before.
Right? Yeah, because now it's free and so are basically checking out and there's
going to be maybe a handful of people like, Oh yeah, this is kind of fun.
And I probably wouldn't have bought this, but you know what?
And even though the three times,
I understand why they're limiting the gameplay cause they're giving you quite a
bit of the game and that seems kind of lame even though it is a demo and stuff.
But I understand why they're doing that. But at the same time, it's,
it's kind of cool that they are offering that.
So a lot more people can actually check out the game.
A fifth dream in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says these days wait three
months to buy a game and you can spend the same amount to get the add ons.
They're like $60 worth of costumes and DOA five worth.
That's how much they cost. So not worth that.
I did that for, um, puzzle bobble on iPhone.
It just saying,
and also the three times a day is way better than when they limit it to like 30
plays done. You know, that type of thing. Rayman legends.
Haven't forbid if they did that to the Nino Cooney demo. I mean,
Flaco would have worn it out by now.
I already have worn it out.
All right, so there you go. Tank tank tank going free to play in Japan.
Who knows? Keep an eye on the news that that could happen here.
Especially if they have success with it in Japan. We'll see. All right,
let's travel back to a time when you know what? There was no free to play.
You, you paid the 50, 60 bucks for this game and either you liked it or F you.
Yay. I'm in chat. Oh, did, did the G line get lifted? Yeah.
That's been an hour. We should be able to safely reconnect to chat.
All right. Someone tell, no, we can't all five do it. No, I mean,
that's all right. I'll just be on my phone. My phone. Fine.
The classic name of the week is Jairus.
You mean I have a YouTube of it. I know, but I always have to,
it's so freaking cool.
I love this game.
You know, play to cut and you can be minor Rob one. Exactly.
So Jairus is a shoot him up game that if you've
played, um, Tempest,
you may find the game play style very familiar because you go in a circle.
It was the last game that Yoshiki Okamoto did for Konami. Um,
the first one being time pilot and, um,
he was fired after the game was released and he went to doing Capcom where he
gave us, Oh,
just a couple of little obscure titles like 1942 and street fighter,
you know? So, um, this one basically you're moving around in a circle,
hence I guess Jairus and shooting things as they come from the background to
the foreground. Like I said,
I'm again comparing it to Tempest because I think that Tempest was, uh,
definitely inspired by that. So, um,
and also, like I said, that it actually, um,
does play an arrangement of Takata and Fuegan D minor,
which I'm sure the Vanessa Mae fans in chat recognize that one from her version
of it, if not, you know, actually paying attention to classical music, you know?
So, um, it was, uh,
actually using stereo sound and, um,
in the bonus material that's for the Konami arcade classic,
they said that they used it by, um, using different, um, audio circuits.
The game was, uh,
used a multi-core processor that had two Z80 microprocessors,
a 6809 microprocessor and an 8039 microprocessor.
For the sound, it used an AY3-8910 PSG sound chip and a DAC.
For those who are into the technical side of it.
So again, it's a cylinder,
you shoot stuff when they come at you, you've got, you know,
swirly things that come at you. Um, if, uh,
you don't get the enemies in time,
the enemies that you have are satellites,
asteroids and laser beam generators,
and they just show up and some of them disappear if you don't shoot them first.
So, uh, for, uh, other things you have with the asteroids,
they actually fly out from the center, um, relatively, you know,
regularly and you still have to shoot them. Then you actually get, um,
a, uh,
you have to like make it to different planets as you're going through the
different stages. So you'll, um, like at first it says two warps to Neptune's,
you have to go through a warp and each warp is your stage. And then, um,
after you land on the planet,
you get a bonus round where you have to shoot different ships for bonus points,
kind of like, um, Galaga or Galaxian.
And you basically go through Saturn, Jupiter, Mars, and finally Earth,
where you've got three warps to get to each planet. Stage one,
and every 10th stage afterwards,
the enemies will not fire on you when you enter the screen.
Guess what the video just said? What? One warp to Uranus.
So as far as its arcade release, um,
it had an upright and cocktail cabinets, cocktail machines are the best I swear.
It, um, saved the high scores in RAM. Um,
but there was a mod kit that was released on August 22nd, um,
2003 that would save the top five scores after the machine was powered off.
So you could actually save the score machine.
That would be a great name for a video game blog. Three warps to Uranus.
I'm sorry. Patent pending.
Jairus was, um,
if we ever,
if we ever go our separate ways and have to make new podcasts,
my next podcast can be called three warps to Uranus.
Jairus was ported to different early systems.
There was a version on Atari, 2650, 200, which I think I've got that one.
The, um, Atari eight bit, the Commodore 64 Rob and the clique of vision.
Can we hear the awesome Commodore 64 SID chip version of Takata?
I guess as long as we can go back to the old one.
Yes.
Wait. Oh, that wasn't the full thing. Hold on. Look at that. Oh man.
The Commodore 64 version of this is so good. Why is the light flickering?
Is that concerning?
This is the version I play. It's like nonstop. I love this game.
Okay. Sorry. Play the remix. Remember that showed up in, um,
beat mania. I can do that. I was going to do that during the break. Okay.
We'll just do it in break. That means everyone's still listening to the break.
Okay. Um,
there wasn't a support version that was basically a very faithful arcade
reproduction. Um, it actually has some changes,
but the really faithful version came up with the economy arcade classics for
PlayStation and the economy collector series at arcade advance for Game Boy
advance. There are different bootleg versions. There's one called Venus.
Um, there is a one called Enu that was done by Italian hackers,
which I guess it had more scooters, more Vespas,
and people going chow.
They are working on trying to, uh, restore versions on main.
So, um, there's actually,
and this is what pisses me off about how awesome everything came out on the
Famicom desk system. Uh,
Jairus was one of the games that was a Famicom desk and it had a neat looking
logo, had the Konami logo over the top and it had spaceship and earth and
everything.
And then ultra games brought out a version that was kind of, but,
um,
I think it was, but I thought it was pretty good for an NPS.
I'm talking about logo Rob. Oh,
but what happened though with it is it updated the graphics. Um,
the music in the arcade version was from the arcade version was slightly
remixed. There were additional tracks. Um,
you start off with three warp synapse instead of two warps.
You get a super phaser attack instead of with the normal gun. Sorry.
You have extra enemies, boss fights, bonus stages,
an ending to the game and in the nest version it says something about the
universe being at peace. Um, in the Famicom desk system,
you get a full ending sequence. How's that? Um,
you've got 39 looping stages instead of the 24 and um,
on the nest version you actually play through the entire solar system,
including the sun and Pluto. The Konami code will work for extra lives.
However you have to enter it in reverse. So a, b, a, b, right, left, right, left,
down, down, up, up instead of the, you know what happens? A bit of trivia.
If you do the regular Konami code in Proteus, it kills you. Yeah,
I think it does. If you do it in reverse, then you do it gyro style.
I think it does that in, um, um, Gradius four, I think.
Yeah. Um,
that version of the game is also included in the Majesco, um, TV game, Konami,
uh, collector series, not the, um, Game Boy advanced ones.
So as far as other modern versions come out, like I said, there were, um,
the Game Boy advanced version, the PlayStation one. Um,
you can get it on, um, Xbox live arcade.
It's a tiger, tiger con chat. It says they should remake gyrus,
like same gameplay style, but HD graphics. I'm like, it's on Xbox.
You might've missed it.
So is for anyone who's interested in other games that I've covered,
our type is available that way. And it's really fun. Um, also,
um,
there's a clone of the game that exists as a mini game in Grand Theft Auto,
San Andreas. And like we've mentioned earlier, dance dance revolution,
ultra mix two, there is a gyrus, a remix,
and it's also available on in,
in game room for Xbox 360 and windows based PCs. So there you go.
Gyrus, there it is folks by the person who gave us street fighter.
I do have a, like a sort Konami side story based on that.
Oh, it was just, um, we,
we have our little weekly meetings and they talk about upcoming games that we're
going to come into the test and one of them was time pirate and we're like time
pirate. What's that? We never heard of that game before. And, uh,
so then the next week the correction came in like, Oh, it was time pilot.
But of course we get these notes from Japan.
The moment you said that I was like, time pilot guy,
you had a room full of gamers. All of us were like, time pirate. Oh,
that sounds cool. Yeah. But it's the same. Yeah. It's the same guy.
That's why as soon as you mentioned that I was like, Oh,
that totally reminds me of that story where we all were stupid for,
I always keep forgetting that it's the same,
the same person did the 1942 and Street Fighter. So, I mean,
that's sort of the big tie in, you know, as a whole series of, you know,
classic games right there.
I like finding the awesome people that installed so much of my childhood. Yeah.
That is pretty cool.
I spent a lot of time on a gyrus when I was much younger and not paying for
school. Paid with my sanity maybe.
All right. There it is. Your classic game of the week. Gyrus, uh,
don't go anywhere guys. We've got more of orange launch radio to come. Uh,
part B is going to be a little different this week.
We're going to do rapid fire news and then we're going to, uh,
not do any more news after that. We're going to do some discussions.
We're going to do top game of the week, disappointing game. I'm sorry.
Top game of the week. Top game of 2012, disappointing game of 2012.
Fugu question of the week, mailbag, lots of stuff coming up after the break and,
and no 3d cock. Well,
we don't want to traumatize any of the younger listeners even though this is not
a show for kids. Turn off the radio. If you're a five year old, you're listening.
Um, also tonight,
listless last listless of the year with our 2013 predictions in gaming.
Oh boy.
We'll be right back after this with more of orange lounge radio.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live with our last show of the
year, episode 487 for this December the 30th of 2012 and we're going to get into
some of our favorite games of the year and things we weren't so thrilled with
this year as is customary to do on a year end special.
It's our totally cliche year end special coming up a little later,
but first we're going to travel around and get some rapid fire news.
The last news of the year that we're going to talk about. Loki.
All right,
so let's talk a little bit about tomb Raider and like any other game that's
coming out, they have to shoehorn multiplayer in there.
So that's what they did.
They confirm that it will have multiplayer and cool.
I'm trying to remain optimistic about it.
Multiplayer worked out very well for mass effect three.
I saw assassin creed threes multiplayer, uh, over the Christmas holiday. Um,
when we were watching somebody else play it, it looked interesting. I was like,
oh, that looks kind of fun to play. So multiplayer is not all bad. Yeah.
Um, of course there is the humble indie bundle seven that was out.
Now of course, like they do with most of the humble indie bundles,
they add stuff to it. So now if you pay over the average,
you get dungeon defenders, um, plus the DLC legends of grim rock,
the basement collection, offspring fling and cave story plus,
which is not bad. And yeah, I had to pick it up. Cave story is awesome. Yeah.
So yeah, but it was also in a prior humble bundle, but that's all right.
That's all right. It's this is a case. Oh yeah. I don't know.
Keeps her plus it was it. Yeah. Yes it was. Which one was it then?
They had that two years ago I think. Yes it was. It wasn't six.
It was four or five had it. Really? Yep. Really?
Cause I've bought all of them since like,
probably you better check your steam library again.
You probably have cave story you just forgot.
Problem of steam sales is I forgot I own this seriously.
I just bought another copy. No, I don't have it. So
I know that mine also gives me like a little indicator to say if I've already
bought a game. If I can get like a separate code, I'll just give you mine. Oh no.
You bought the humble bundle, right? Yeah.
Thankfully they're all separate so I can get rid of this.
Like there was one I bought. Oh I got yet another copy.
I swear to God I'm like handling the bundle for,
I'm swimming in copies of Metro 2033. It's like I have like four of them.
It's ridiculous. Um, but anyways, uh, so yeah,
humble bundle. It's awesome. She definitely pick it up and you know,
they've got the indie game, the movie in there,
shank and all that fun stuff and case or plus if you haven't played it,
like I haven't played it yet. Um,
there's going to be a lot of indie game playing in 2013.
That one also came with super me, boy, shank and bitcher runner.
Quiet, be quiet. Really? Cause I swear I got that one. Maybe I did.
Oh, I'll look it up while I'm doing so. Anyways, um, and the last but not least,
the first piece of DLC is going to be coming out to call of duty.
Black ops is came from a leaked sign from, I'm,
what can I assume probably like a game stop or something like that.
It's called call of duty black ops two revolution.
It's gonna include five maps, one of which is a zombie maps. They have hydro.
Um, looks like a dam downhill, which is a ski resort.
Uh, grind, which I can't really see in this picture at all.
They had a better, better picture when those on here. Um,
let's see. Oh, here we go. Okay. So, um,
grind, which appears to be like a, um,
a skate park or something, which is kind of cool. A mirage,
which looks like a maybe like an Asian environment.
They got a lot of pagodas in the background and die rise,
which is a zombie map on a high rise.
Plus they also give you this bonus peacekeeper, a sub machine gun,
apparently coming out on the 29th of January.
And it's supposed to be exclusive, I think for the Xbox three 60 for awhile,
which makes sense. They've been doing that in the last few call of duty games.
Um, I'm kind of excited about it.
I'm looking forward to some new maps cause we're kinda,
we played out the ones on a black ops.
Although I'm also looking forward to the rest of my coworkers fucking getting
that game so I can play with more than just one other person cause it's kind of
annoying. We're all in modern warfare three and yeah,
I had to kick their ass on Friday and so I won the year. Um,
so yeah, that's it.
All right, well I have a few news stories for you too.
And uh, one of them is another retro collection coming to iOS and uh, you know,
iPads and iPhones and all that good stuff. And uh, very interesting.
It's an info com collection. Uh, you may not remember that name,
but they did all the classic text adventure games back in the day.
Like Zork, Zork two, Zork three. Uh,
I believe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy was one of their games too.
It's not in this, it's not in this bundle though. I thought it was on there.
Yeah. And Chanter's in there. Infidel. I remember that one. Uh,
planet fall witness. Yep. Wish bringer.
So anyhow we're spouting off all these names of games that are in the info com
bundle, uh, 27 classic adventure games, but it is $10.
Like a lot of these collections, you can get the core app for free.
The free one will come with Zork one. So you get that for free.
You can be eaten by a grew to your heart's content. Uh,
after that you can get five packs of games for three bucks a piece or you just
get everything for 10 bucks. You can also,
for I think a dollar by these things called Invisi clues.
They're the hint booklets for the games.
I have not checked out this collection myself,
but I'm told that they have like compasses and some additional features that you
didn't have back when it was just text on a Apple two E or a Commodore system,
you know, when they didn't have anything besides that. But you know,
it's fun for like five minutes and then you realize, boy, games got a lot,
you know, better. All right. Uh,
Nintendo powers.
Last issue ranked the top 285 Nintendo games of all time.
285 and you might ask why such a weird number? Well,
that's because there were 285 issues made of Nintendo power.
So that goes all the way from 285 superstar Wars on the super Nintendo.
Not a bad choice, although maybe should be a little higher all the way to number
one. What is,
what does Nintendo power believe was the best Nintendo game ever made?
Thoughts don't look regular Nintendo or super Nintendo, any Nintendo platform,
but it had to be on a Nintendo platform.
Best game ever made on a Nintendo platform. Super Mario Brothers. Uh,
that was number, the original Mario brothers was number 16.
Linked to the past. Linked to the past was number two. Super Mario world.
If that was number two, then I'm going to say Ocarina was number one.
Oh, Ocarina time was number one. The number one ever rated game.
Uh, the, if it's so funny, if you look at the top 10, okay.
Top 10, 10 resident evil four on the game cube,
nine Zelda Wind Waker, eight super Metroid.
It should have been one, seven Mario, three, six mega man,
two, five Mario world, four final fantasy,
three or six, three super Mario galaxy,
two Zelda linked to the past, one Zelda Ocarina of time,
Zelda Rina of time, Zelda Rina, where's Mario? Her name is Zelda Rina.
Eleven is skyward sword. 12 is the original legend of Zelda.
If you look at the top 16,
they are all Mario and Zelda games with the exception of eight super
Metroid, six mega man, two, four, five, Nancy three.
And get this at number 13, this surprised me. Elite beat agents.
Where's secret of mana? Secret of mana. Good question.
Secret of 88. Fuck them.
Yeah. I was going to say, what about earth? All right.
This is the last one I'm looking at. Oh, I didn't really V, V, V, V, V, V.
Was on the list at number 99. That's pretty good. Uh, all right.
I'm looking up earthbound. Uh, let's see.
Oh, earth, earthworm Jim at number 200.
Let's see earthbound one 56. Secret of mana. Beat it out.
Between maniac mansion and final fantasy five advance.
This I'll just games released in the U S right. Well, look,
let's just say there's a reason that they pulled the plug on that magazine and
that list will demonstrate it. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Kidding. God,
stop getting angry. All right. Cut a bitch. All right. Uh,
one other thing for you guys, did you know that not only is the Wii U region
locked, but the game pads are region locked as well.
Here's the thing. If you actually try to bring like a, uh,
another regions, we, you, uh, pad and hook it up or whatever,
when it tries to do the console updates,
it'll actually tell you the update cannot be completed with an overseas Wii U
game pad. I don't know why the fuck anyone would ever need this.
Like why would you be using some other regions game pad for when they
inevitably do fun colors in Japan that we don't have?
But then you'll have your own when you buy the unit, you'll have your own.
How many spice colored game cube pads do I have?
I think this is a little ridiculous to get angry over.
Let's get angry over the fact that the Wii U itself is not region locked.
That's where we should be focused on. It is region locked. I know. Right.
That's what we should be focused on. It is not. Huh? You said it's not bad.
It is regional. Well, let's be mad. Let's just be mad. Let's just be mad at Rob.
Anyhow. Uh, yeah. I mean, if, if whatever, okay.
And then the people are saying, well,
what if someday the games do support two game pads and you have a friend from
Europe over
fucking get over it. God, then you just fucking get over it. That's what you do.
You suck it up and you get over it.
Then you don't play that game. Yeah, exactly. You write an angry, you,
you know what? You write another angry article on the internet.
That's what you do. You go and post it to your three ones.
Dark Sakura. What do you have for us? Last stories of the year. Okay. Well,
Super Mario brothers three is going to be on the 3DS virtual console in Japan.
It's coming out in the new year and uh,
we don't really know when it's going to come out over here, but it's 500 yen.
Yay. What?
I heard an intake of breath as if you were going to add something to my comment
before I move on to the story about dirt bikes.
I just wanted to mention something to Rob and the reason why that, you know,
we should probably discount this list. The guardian legend is not on it.
What? This is why your magazine went bankrupt. I'm sorry.
Burn the infidels. Hashtag, hashtag. Sorry. Not sorry.
The guardian legends not on it. Neither is excite trucks. So you know what?
Fuck that. The best racing game and I think launch.
Two 86, two 87. Go, go figure. We sports resort.
Sharp stick eyeball.
So guess what's coming to battlefield three since I just mentioned a second ago,
dirt bikes, but no Camaro's. They are going to be adding offered dirt, uh,
dirt bikes, mechanized and mechanized horses to battlefield three for the fifth
mini expansion and game and new maps and capture the flag will be out.
Then there will be lightweight double a vehicles and new trooper drops that will
poop troops all over. And last but not least,
there's a trailer for a game that people are losing their shit about lightning
returns.
That's what Rob sounds like on the toilet when he loses his shit.
You're disgusting. You were the one who lost your shit.
So final fantasy 13, lightning returns. Um,
basically it looks kind of like assassin's creed kind of a style play with, um,
final fantasy people in it. Okay, I'm done.
All right. And that's what I said when I saw, you know, lightning returns.
I'm like, I don't even care. I'll buy it. I'm not even gonna try and lie.
Of course. Rob's our consumer horn. I have the other two. All right.
Uh, that's it for news. Uh,
but we do have some other things we want to talk about, uh,
before the show is over,
we want to get to 2012 in review and this is where I would use your usually play
like a bumper or something. I don't really have any bumper or music.
So actually when in doubt, just play dancer.
For some reason, you know, it was probably in my head. It would have been fun.
The level music from super Mario 64.
All right, whatever. Top game of 2012.
It's time to figure out what our top games of the year are. Now.
Here's the thing.
The question that we are really asking is what is your
top game of 2012? Because we don't want to get into that hole. You're wrong.
You pick the wrong game in it. Nope.
There's no right or wrong answer to what your or my top game of 2012
is. Can't be wrong. They're just stupid. Exactly. Exactly. Uh, so we'll, um,
uh, get to this in the frugal question of the week in a minute as well,
but we want to talk about what was your top game of 2012 and why
we're going to start with the person who, uh,
is going to be the most completely obvious with this.
Let's start with dark Sakura Mass Effect three. Duh. And why?
Garris.
Of course. And is there anything else you really, I mean,
you just started getting this year apart from that. Well,
I started playing Mass Effect three, what two months after it came out,
after I'd beaten the other two. Um, the,
there's a lot going on it that I like apart from just the stories and the
character development and the fact that you basically are building your head
cannon can be real in the game.
But the other thing that I like is modding the hell out of my shepherd and
tweaking the game and figuring out how I can push boundaries in it.
And I think I finally figured out how to get all the high res, um,
textures to work in Mass Effect three.
So that's going to be for my seventh playthrough. And it's, it's really like,
I made an albino shepherd. I made a blue shepherd.
It's the modding is so much fun for me.
I will spend three hours working on getting my character to look right before I
even do a mission. So it's, it's like having a girl,
shut up. It's like having the Sims and then actually having a good game.
So fair enough. And, and Garris,
Shakerion, Shakerion. It's Shakerion Sunday.
I posted a picture on mass effecting.tumblr.com.
When's, when's, when's, is Shenko Saturday or what's, I guess so.
Shenko's every other day. No. Um, but, but, but it said Shakerion,
deal with it. All right. Uh, let's,
let's do some of the ones that are going to be a little less obvious. Um,
let's go to our guest Flaco Jones and then we're going to do Alan as well.
Flaco Jones. Uh, for best game. Yeah. Your favorite. What's your,
your personal top game of 2012? I kinda, you know,
I had to make a decision cause I played two really great games this week,
but I'm going to stick with the walking dead just because I just love the story
and I love how everything you do in the game comes back and, and it made,
it all mattered. So it was a great game and it, you know,
not terribly long and a pretty good deal.
Like I know you guys are saying you got for 10 bucks.
I got it for 20 and I still feel like that was a great deal because it's about
two to three hours a chapter and you got five chapters. So that can 10,
15 hours for 20 bucks. I think it's pretty good. 10 bucks. Even better.
Fair enough. Uh, Alan is back with us in studio.
How are you doing? Good. So what would be your pick for game of the year? Well,
I almost had to recuse myself from this entire segment because I went through
the Wikipedia list of all the games that came out in 20. It came out in 2012.
I've played three of them all year.
So doesn't mean that Mass Effect was the only thing I played,
but all the games that I put hours on this year were from last year, 2010, 2009.
So I had three things to choose from. Black Mesa source.
It's my best because it came out finally after eight years.
So it proved all the haters wrong.
Half Life got some love and it's just a huge testament of what a fan communities
are capable of. It was flawlessly professionally done.
And when I say the mod community, I mean Skyrim, uh,
any community that has, uh,
or any game that has a community that people that will put out content like
this. Black Mesa is one of the pinnacle achievements of everything.
Minecraft, any game with a big enough fandom that lets you add stuff to it.
So, um, yeah, it plays awesome. Um,
Half Life hasn't had a game come out for it since oh,
seven with Half Life two episode two more time has passed between Half Life
two and now than the original Half Life one got at SQL Half Life two. So yeah,
it's my favorite franchise and they got some love. So that's my pick.
Good answer. That's um, not what I was expecting you to pick,
but now that you kind of said it, I'm like, oh yeah, that makes sense.
There's a lot of sense.
Three games to pick from and I had to do,
I have to do the worst of 2012 from that too.
All right, we can, we'll, we'll manage somehow. We'll manage. All right. Uh,
remember there's no right or wrong answer. All right. Um,
you've watched me play a ton of games and surely you can form an opinion out of
that.
Eh, it doesn't count if I don't play it.
Use your own criteria. The rest of the internet does. All right. Uh, Loki,
what is your top game of 2012?
Uh, cause also I didn't play that many games. Um,
during 2012 that came out in 2012, you know, it was like a handful of games.
I'd have to say probably Borderlands two and then just because it's, you know,
it's everything you liked from Borderlands one plus better writing, more guns.
And it's just, it's fun. It's like everything you loved before,
amped up to 11. It's, it's great. It was a great game. Great, you know,
shooting lots of, I love the writing in it. It's, I don't know,
I'm really enjoying him and enjoying the fact that I'm going back and playing it
some more because I kind of stopped playing it for a while. One, you know,
I got busy with Minecraft and everything.
Um, that leaves me, huh? Um,
I didn't really want to be predictable this year. Um,
but I reserved the right to change this because I still have a one or two games
I need to finish playing.
So I reserved the right to come back on a future episode and say,
I changed my mind,
but I think it's going to take a lot to sway me from choosing mass effect three
as my game of the year.
And a lot of that has to do with the fact that I got into the series this year.
So I kind of feel like I explored the whole trilogy this year.
So admittedly a little bit of that spilling over into mass effect three. Um,
but it's not really just what Jamie mentioned because what's funny about what
she's talking about is that's not what interests me at all in the game. Uh,
and I think that's a testament to the game itself.
I think the staying power of mass effect three is the multiplayer.
And I'm going to admit when I first reviewed the game here on OLR, I said,
I won't give it my game of the year because some of the things in multiplayer
tick me off. However,
I think they've come a long way in correcting some of that,
meaning that they have supported the multiplayer very well
since the day it came out and with many free maps and free
expansions and so forth, uh,
the expansions to the multiplayer have done a phenomenal job at keeping it
interesting.
And it's one of the few online communities where I actually really enjoy playing
the game online. It's an Xbox experience I've really enjoyed. Uh,
and you know, uh, had some great time playing with friends, the game as well.
There really isn't a game I've had a better value on this year with the
exception of maybe World of Warcraft,
Mr. Pandaria for the record. I really like multiplayer as well. And you know,
I thought I would hate it and I ended up really liking it.
I also like finding regular maps in the game that are actually the multiplayer
maps later on. So all that ending bullshit aside, it's,
it's not enough to really tarnish what I still feel was an amazing video game.
However, uh, there was a lot of great shit this year and you know,
journey really,
I was really almost wanting to name that just so that we could all have a
different one. But then I go back and I go, but I,
all the time I spent on Mass Effect three, I can't, I can't. Walking Dead,
however, I might take the crown.
If anything's going to snatch the crown,
wait till I finish Walking Dead episode five. Cause that might snatch it.
So we'll see. Cause you know, when, when the writing is good,
it's like really, really good.
And like Walking Dead has a lot of what I love about Mass Effect just in a
totally different type of universe.
But the whole like decision making that kind of comes back later on, it's just,
yeah, there's a lot of that there too. So I reserve the right to change my answer.
It's just the internet. It's not that serious.
Speaking of not that serious, let's go to the flip side.
What was your most disappointing game of 2012?
Maybe you could say the worst game, but I would say more like,
what was just such a huge disappointment that you're just really sad.
What was your most disappointing game of 2012? Um,
I guess we'll go in the same order. So Dark Soccer, I'll start with you again.
Um, Street Fighter X Tekken. Ooh.
It was piss in a bucket.
What about it? Just was it, it didn't play well, the whole Mega Man thing.
It just felt like a giant insult to the people who were fans of the series.
I can't help but think of the DLC being on disc.
That's what I'm always going to think of.
It's just a combination of a less than stellar
game combined with really poor business decision.
My, the fiscally responsible part of my brain just goes, no, can't do it.
And keep in mind, I didn't buy it. I borrowed it and I gave it back.
So it was pretty bad. Uh, who went next? I think Flaco.
What would you say was your most disappointing game of 2012? Well,
I didn't play it, so I guess that's why you can say it's not the worst game.
But I was very disappointed that I heard so many bad things about the Silent
Hill HD remake. That was pretty bad. Yeah. See,
I've never heard anything good about it. And it's just,
I was very disappointed cause I was very, I was very much looking forward to it.
I was going to buy it right away. But you know,
I guess luckily target didn't have it when it came out.
And then I heard more and more about it and I was like, you know what,
I'm not going to buy it. It sounds like it's a waste of money.
There's also that crap with them not doing the upgrade. The, yeah,
for the, that was for two right in the two and three collection. They didn't,
yeah, they didn't upgrade the graphics like we have,
or they didn't do the fog or something and wires are going off into the distance
and you can tell them having done a patch for other versions,
but not the Xbox one I think. Oh, I don't know about that. I just know,
see that's this thing.
There's so many bad so much bad news about that game and so many bugs and to
release a game with that many bugs, it's just like, it's just too much.
They needed their best tester back. That's the problem.
You laughed and everything went to hell. How did this get through?
I just feel like this guy back, I almost wonder if they took the viewpoint of,
you know, we already tested this game. It's fine.
We're just going to up residence to get out. It was a total disaster.
It sounded like, I don't know anybody who bought it and liked it. Um,
who'd be next? Oh, Alan. Alan's next. Alan,
what would you say was your most disappointing game of 2012?
Mass Effect Infiltrator for iOS and Android.
Yeah, that was kind of.
Cause I got my first smartphone ever finally in September and then I figured
out that the data pad,
which is like the sort of your characters in your party email you and it's
really neat. You can, um, you know, update your galactic readiness,
which is a mechanic and Mass Effect three through this app.
It's not available for the Android.
So only iPhone users get to do the little cute email character mini game.
So I was like, all right, I'll get the other Mass Effect, um, mobile game.
Infiltrator and you play a Cerberus dude and there's also ways that it ties into
the, your three main campaign. It's awful.
It's an amazing testament to how good graphics can be on smartphones nowadays,
but you play with your thumbs and it's really awful and it's not fun at all.
And it was like eight bucks that I wish I had back because I could buy lunch
with that.
It's not that good on iOS either.
Was it really eight bucks on, on sale for eight bucks?
I want to say it was 12 originally and I've heard it's no better on the iPad.
And I think, didn't you want to install it off your iPad?
Yeah, I did. It takes up a gig and it was just a wasted gig. No tan,
no tactile control or tangible controls makes it a bitch.
What's the IK though? I don't know. Cause I don't have one.
I thought that it worked with the IK, but I could be right. It might,
I don't know. Yeah, but that's all. Um,
I'm trying to remember what the other game was that came out this year that I
played Mass Effect Mass Effect three. Yeah. All right. Fair enough.
Uh, Loki, then I guess we go to you.
What was your most disappointing game that came out this year?
Lollipop chainsaw. Oh, it was terrible. Uh huh. It just,
it wasn't a fun game to play and it wasn't,
I mean it's just kind of like, Oh, it's Suda 51.
It's going to be so really crazy and edgy and stuff.
And they tried that with Shadows of the Damned and it was just not very good game.
Really? I liked Shadows of the Damned. Eh, it was all right,
but I liked what I saw of it. It's just, it wasn't,
it wasn't to the level of what I wanted. So I don't know.
Uh, I'll drop a whopper on this segment.
I'm going to say the most disappointing game of the year was Diablo three.
You know what? Yeah.
And I don't really know how to put it into words.
It's not that I necessarily like hate, I mean, here's the thing. It's,
this is very much not Diablo three was not the worst game of the year.
I would say the worst game of the year would be something like,
I was going to say Sonic four episode one,
but it only came out on the windows platform this year.
But that would still probably be the worst game of the year.
I would probably go with HD collection just based on what I've seen and so
forth. But I would say honestly,
Diablo three was the most disappointing game of the year.
Just some of the craptacular decisions Blizzard made towards with the whole
real money auction house was,
was just such a bad grab and the PVP getting removed out of it at the end.
It just, it just wasn't a lot of fun to play.
Like somehow the fun got sucked out over the 10 years between Diablo two and
Diablo three.
And I think a lot of that was Blizzard really not listening to their fan
community.
So I think they're really going to have to go back and answer to that a bit.
So when you got torchlight two,
didn't you think that the pickup and go within the first 20 minutes of torchlight
two was way more fun than Diablo three,
but Diablo three was how many years in the making?
I enjoyed torchlight two in the one hour I played it more than I did Diablo
three. And that says enough right there. I think you're absolutely right.
Torchlight two is a better game than Diablo three in my opinion.
So that's that. Uh,
looking at some of the comments in chat room at, uh, live.vognetwork.com.
Fantas says, no way. Diablo three should win game of the year. Sorry.
That's my personal answer.
I think it went poop of the year act. Acidic vampire says,
disappointing doesn't mean bad. I think that's a very important point. And yes,
I agree with you on that. Uh, tiger class says, Oh yeah,
Blizzard canceled the Diablo three PVP mode. Um, they, they didn't cancel.
Well, fifth dream fills it in there. They didn't cancel it.
They just postponed it there. They basically,
they realized it was, I mean,
that said to me that they weren't as far along with it as they let on.
And that now that they're actually building it, they're like, shit,
this doesn't really work out very well.
Or it's like it's throwing everything off balance. Like I, I,
I think they're pulling it out of their ass as they go.
And for a game that was 10 years in development, that's very alarming.
And at this point, is it going to come in an expansion? Probably.
That sounds ridiculous. I mean, they, they can't do that though.
They have to kind of patch it in because at this point,
wasn't that promised when they sold the game?
I didn't pay for it.
I never got my, I never got my dance studio, but I think there's a big,
there's a big difference between a Warcraft dance studio and PVP,
which has its very passionate fans, you know, even in, wow,
we don't talk a lot about PVP on a courthouse cause not a lot of it play it,
but there is definitely like, like one thing I learned this,
what we haven't talked about a lot about it during the show,
but we have been depth.
We've been dipping our big toe in the water when it comes to game streaming,
we're finally getting up with the current times.
We've kind of relaunched our Twitch TV channel and we did a couple of games
streams this week. We had mass effect three last week when there was no show. Uh,
we did some multiplayer to show that off and Shane and I were doing some
Warcraft this week while I was looking at some of the other Twitch channels and
kind of what people are streaming on their world of Warcraft.
Lots of PVPers lots of that is arena rated battlegrounds.
I mean, if you're wondering like who's doing rated battlegrounds,
just load up Twitch.
And I imagine any of the competing websites like you stream and so forth,
same story. There's a lot of that scene going on there.
So it definitely has their passionate fans. So, all right.
Uh, there we go. So let's get to the frugal question of the week.
Cause that was everybody, right? I didn't miss anybody. Just making sure.
We asked a very similar question in our frugal question of the week. Uh,
every week we ask our Facebook and our Google plus communities smash it
together. You get frugal a question and we asked them one of the same questions.
We just asked you guys. Holy fucking shit.
We got 25 responses on Facebook. Yep. I can't read all of these.
There were about eight after the first minute you posted it.
Yeah, I know. And I looked before the show, there was eight and I'm like, okay,
eight. I can manage that. Now there are 25. I,
I am overwhelmed by you guys being so awesome and replying,
but there's no way I can read all those answers. Oh my God.
There's five on Google plus two. There's five people on Google plus Rob.
If I have to read 10 emails, you have to read 48 little short responses.
All right. There's five Google employees that listen to the show. All right.
I'm going to, I'm going to really run through these. I apologize in advance.
I'm going to really trim your answers to get everybody's answers out there. Okay.
Um,
act depth says dust and Alicia and tail is the game of the year.
Dust combines RPG,
Metroidvania and beat them up style game play to make a real fun game to play.
And can you imagine this game was made by only one person?
That's quite the feat. I didn't know. I was not as huge into,
into dust and Alicia. No, nevermind.
I'm getting that game confused with from dust. Very different. Sorry. Sorry.
Yes. That is an awesome game that it was supposed to be an X-Box live indie.
I have not played that yet.
And it actually was so good that it became an X-Box live arcade game.
Okay. All right. So I will, I will make it a point to check that out later.
I thought when I first read it, I was like, Oh,
he's talking about that from dust game that I played once. And I was like, nah,
I'm not, I'm not into this. You know,
it's kind of trying to be populous or whatever.
Uh, Rob says my 2012 pick is the iPad version of pinball arcade.
It has the most tables and they're all from actual tables.
The iPad is the right size for the portrait orientation. Good, good,
very good pick. Uh, Nick M replied. He gave two answers,
big budget,
halo four citing three 43 is ability to pick up the franchise from bungee and
made the most polished halo today.
I got to say halo four was pretty rock fucking solid compared to some of the
previous halo efforts. I really agree with what Nick's saying there. Uh,
smaller studio walking dead, citing the emotional connection, uh,
red entertainment says three very good games. I've played this year,
mass effect three dragon age origins, assassin's creed three.
Remember it's this year. What, what you you've played. Uh,
when I think of a game that I've played throughout the year,
got a lot of enjoyment out of and shared with multiple people ticket to ride on
the iPad. You know the old, the board game, the trains. All right.
Uh, Justin M replied and said, dope upon kingdom for the wheat.
It was released a while ago,
but me and my partner started playing it obsessively this year. Uh, good,
not so clean because we make it dirty. Monopoly esque fun.
Now I'm kind of curious. What's a good, not so clean. Cause we make it dirty.
What's a like insensitive jokes or what's that all about there? All right.
Uh, let's see, let's get to some of the answers from Facebook. You ready?
Here we go. Degenerate Johnny. I'm positive.
I'm not alone when I say mass effect three. Why Garris?
Just that big curiosity. Are you degenerate Johnny? Like,
all right. Uh, DJ Rama S said, final fantasy theater rhythm.
It was a unique music rhythm game.
Rob himself said assassin's creed three.
They did a good job in reinventing a system that's not broken,
but feels fresh and new with the reasons you liked past games.
That's very interesting because a lot of people are giving assassin's creed
three shit. Um, I haven't played enough of it to say, see, see it either way.
But then again, Rob, here I am saying mass effect.
Three's my game of the year and there's a lot of people to give that series some
shit. So you know what? I am, I am sympathizing with you.
Uh, Eric S replied Tricoro. Do you guys even know what Tricoro is?
I've heard of it. Nope. I've heard of it. Do you know what it is?
No, it's 2DX BeatMania 2DX. I think number 20.
I just, that's why I knew what it was. Cause I was like,
it's one of the Bimani games.
Eric S says Tricoro because it's beat mania. Uh,
Cram said mass effect three. I think the flaws were exaggerated.
By the way, mass effect podcast.
Don't give me that look. We're working on it.
Look forward to more exciting things in 2013 from OLR studios. All right. Uh,
Haseo Sumuragawa says Borderlands 2.
Handsome Jack is the most lovable bad guy ever.
Can't help to giggle when his echoes pop up. That or Arkham city.
Cause Catwoman is a bad-ass.
Actually in the border, even though I didn't play Borderlands 2,
that would be Dan's game of the year to say, I have to say Mad Moxie's awesome.
Uh, Name and Lights says on console, Forza Horizon on PC,
Missipandaria. Uh,
Gamer Girl said a mud called Oasis taking it back to
the muds. That's awesome. You know what a mud is? Flocka, you got to confuse me.
It's you log into the terminal,
like speaking of text adventures like Zork and all that shit.
Imagine if you were playing a text adventure MMO.
That's kind of what a mud is. You go into like a terminal.
I don't think I've heard of that before. Yeah.
It's like they used to be much bigger like 10 years ago, but there's still,
there's still a scene for it. That's the ready player one.
Oh, okay. All right. Uh,
Gamer Girl says I love this game because my first time playing,
been playing since it came online a few days ago. Love it.
Dark Tetsuya says I'm going to change it up and say DDR2 for the Wii because of a
great song list. Flaming Toilet. God,
I love that username says Journey. Thanks to the communication limits,
there's finally a multiplayer game that doesn't make me hate people. True story.
I was talking to, um, if you listen to Horde House,
you've probably heard of Sunshine. He does,
he does the podcast with Spike Game Boy and he was talking to me,
he'll probably talk about this on his show.
He was talking about his play through on Journey.
He finally played it through the first time and he said he had a companion that
he had through most of the game too. And at the very end,
the companion drew a heart in the snow. Oh,
Oh, and it's like if you have all the fields at that same moment as well,
it's just like, I'm going to like,
that's like Les Mis level crying right there at the end. All right. Yeah.
I was always like really chatty in my thing. I would just be constantly like,
I would just be mashing and like, we got to go fast here.
So I'm just going to be like, follow me. I know where to go.
Watch out for the big stone dragon things.
Uh, dark Tetsuya in chat says, wait, OLR studios.
I thought you guys were a vog now. No, we are vog.
We're vog is the network that many of the OLR studios shows play on,
such as orange, Andreo and Horde house.
But if you look at the way movies are made,
sometimes the movie maker is not the same as the distributor.
Go research it on Wikipedia. All right. Meanwhile,
Veronica S replies and says Pokemon white version two because it's addictive.
Another Pokemon addict. That's all right though.
I know a lot of lot of pokey addicts. Ronnie B replied and said,
far cry three. It motivated me to enjoy gaming again.
That's a pretty big endorsement there. The environment is alive.
The AI acts responsibly, engaging and overall a great game.
It's on Steam sale right now. Uh,
Ferdinand F replied and said lone survivor. I haven't heard of that one,
but he says it scratched the silent Hill itch. I didn't realize I still had.
I will have to kind of earmark that we like survival horror. So, uh,
Burr replied and said, going by the number of hours poured into it.
Borderlands two, same great gameplay refined into perfection.
And some of the most memorable and funniest lines of the year, hands down,
honorable mention to assassins, Craig, assassins, Craig, Creed, not Craig,
assassins, Creed three, uh,
taking one of my favorite periods in history and adding new gameplay elements to
great effect. Osofer replied and said,
mass effect three keeps coming back long after it's been released only to play
through it again and explore new paths in the story or another ending to enjoy.
Uh, multiplayer endorsing that as well. Uh, more answers.
Raginator says Diablo two. I know it's a 12 year old title,
but he just got it this year.
Console wise is two way tie between magic 2013 and super stardust HD.
Those are two games on PlayStation three.
I love the most and put the most time into a acidic vampire said mass effect
three,
a fantastic finale to a trilogy with the best characters ever written for a
video game series. It's a pretty big endorsement. Uh,
Luliana says mass effect three. It's just that awesome.
Even if I'd played more while our hours spent, uh,
I really wish we got to do more with Rex, but still Emmy three,
Dave Falcon said it's Duke Nukem forever. What,
what are no wrong answer.
There's no wrong answer because I spent a good portion of 2012 playing it and
deus X human revolution because my fiance got me hooked on it. Oh, okay.
I see you played it cause the fiance, you had to for the fiance. That's all right.
P S happy new year. My gaming friends. Well, happy new year to you as well.
Gino L said the walking dead.
It handled some pretty taboo concepts gracefully and changed the way I think
about games. Change the way I think about games.
That's pretty heavy right there. That's now I'm like super interested.
Uh, Shane, uh, from hoard house replied and said mass effect three.
What a fucking shock. Hey,
most personally impactful game series I've ever played runners up persona for
golden and DJ max technica tune. Uh, SSJ 100. Matt said,
I'm going to say NHL 13 while this is no surprise for me,
given I buy NHL games every year without fail this year is special with the
current labor dispute and the possibility of there not being any hockey this
year. NHL hockey. I have to look elsewhere for my hockey fix. Well,
I do play and pick up hockey games in real life and go to minor league and
college hockey. NHL 13 is the only way,
only way to pay and watch my favorite players and teams play.
That's a depressing answer. It is sad that that's like the only way to get
hockey if you're in the NHL. Like I totally get it.
And like I think that's like an awesome answer in many ways,
especially if you're a hockey fan, but it's just like,
it really puts it into perspective. Like they, they,
they need to fucking figure it out.
We have gone over the fiscal cliff and hockey is what has happened here.
And this just happened like six years ago. They canceled their season. Yeah.
I think it was that long ago. Shame, shame baseball.
Never recovered from that shit. Well, I know they have now they have now,
but they took forever. But when the next bargaining agreement came by,
they signed it and they got it done right away. They didn't drag this out.
And the hockey is doing this now for the second time in less than 10 years.
Wow. A code man replied and said the walking dead.
I've never felt so emotionally attached to a game in a long while.
And this one definitely hooks you last but not least. Alpha Kananagram,
Hatsune Miku project diva F even though the scratch feature is meh.
Good. No wrong answers. I know, but I'm as in, I'm not surprised. Oh, okay.
Good music rhythm game with neat bonuses. There you go.
I liked the variety of answers there. That was great. Um, it wasn't all,
I mean, of course there was some mass effects, walking dead journeys,
the things you're going to expect to see.
But I really liked hearing about some of those other ones too. Uh, really,
really neat. So thank you guys for answering.
And I went ahead and read just about every year,
every answer that actually had a game in it. I read those answers.
So there you go. Thank you, Facebook. Thank you, Google.
Thank you to everybody who's participated. Uh,
was that a new segment for this year or did we debut that last year this year?
So thank you for, um, catching onto our new segment this year. We appreciate it.
All right. Uh, that means it's time to go to the mail bag. Oh yes.
Revenge will be mine. Here we go to the mail bag mail bag at orange
lounge, radio.com. You guys sent a lot of fucking email this week.
Yeah, but some of them aren't very big. Okay.
So dark soccer is going to read your emails. Uh, but if she skipped some,
don't be hurt because seriously,
there were like 10 emails in there where I look, don't be butthurt.
All it does is make you stink. All right. Dark soccer. Read some emails.
This comes from Grimsley because it's a person I haven't seen before.
I'm reading it because I'm nice. Hey guys, love the show.
I was wondering what the name of the background song used in one of your
segments. It starts out like Bela Lugosi's dead. If that helps.
Hope to hear from you soon. Happy holidays. What do we have?
That sounds like Bela Lugosi's dead.
Honestly, cause I could only think of the chorus of
Bela Lugosi's dead.
So I went and YouTubed it and the beginning sounds an awful lot like this.
Oh yeah, that's true.
It's the boogal song. La Bossa Nova de Fabienne from Beatmania.
It was in the hip hop mix in the U S I think it's from, um,
some of the Japanese mixes too. Anyway,
what I did for this listener and for anybody who's asking questions like what
song are you using on orange lounge radio?
I made a post in the vog network forums at vognetwork.com.
Click on forums, click on orange lounge radio and there's a topic. Yeah. Well,
you know, we get more people over there. There's a topic.
What music do you use on orange lounge radio?
And I gave you all the songs and links to the YouTubes so you can, you know,
do it.
How about for our listeners who, uh,
aren't as in tune with the goth music scene, play a little Bela Lugosi's dead.
I was just about to do that except you were like two steps ahead of me.
Was that the entire email? Yeah, pretty much.
I wouldn't mind reading the rest of the emails to Bela Lugosi's dead. Hey,
and if anyone ever watched, um, you know, early two thousands SNL goth talk.
Hi Asriel, the prince of dark and sorrow and he works with me at the sit up.
All right, here's, here's the nine minute mix of Bauhaus,
Bela Lugosi's dead. See that.
So I thought it has to be the fugal song.
Uh, Bauhaus named after my favorite art school that got shut down by the Nazis
but reopened.
But then like all the way towards the end of the song is when it gets into the
more familiar part.
But honestly,
we would not have certain styles of furniture today if not for the Bauhaus
movement. Just saying,
don't ever ask an art student to go off on stuff like that. Anyway, um,
this one comes from spazzinator. Hi gang.
It's your raging neighborhood spazzinator.
The strange thing happened that interrupted my plans to get a cat this weekend
and let's take a minute. Just sit right there.
I'll tell you how I became the catless raginator in Buffalo. Oh,
he's doing it as a, as a
fresh prince. Yeah, but I'm not going to wrap it.
You're moving with your auntie and uncle Garris on the Normandy.
It's a parody. I get it. Yeah. I'm not reading it. Sorry. Can I wrap it?
I just closed it.
All right. I rage nator, I will do your email justice.
Give me a moment to set it up. Okay. I'm going to go ahead to the next one.
This is from nasty canasta and I'm sorry I don't speak any Spanish other than
Fuego. Um, so I'm going to try to pronounce this right.
Is Ola y buenos burritos.
Ola y buenos burritos.
I would like to bring your attention to your attention.
A game announcement that flew under the radar, the binding of Isaac remake.
Only touch on major points announced so far produced and developed by Nicholas
releasing at the end of 2013. Currently confirmed for PC, PS3 and Vita.
Nicholas is in talks with Nintendo and Microsoft have come and to have the game
on Wii U, 3DS and 360.
The remake will support a new pixelated look similar to that of the GBA.
All content will from the base Isaac game and the wrath of the lamb expansion
will be included plus another batch of new content about as big as wrath of the
lamb is in the remake. Local co-op confirmed no online co-op is that would
extend development time.
Danny Baranowski returns to compose new and remixed tracks, new player,
playable character, new ending,
and new final level that seems likely to appear after the game's shale level.
Anyone interested in finding out more in depth remake details can go to Edward
McMillan's Tumblr at EDMUNDM.com and the binding of Isaac's subreddit on Reddit.
I have also attached a mock up screenshots made by Edmund himself.
Happy burritos nasty canasta. And um, yeah,
I can't really link these to everybody, but thank you for the reminder though.
Because I remember reporting on this before cause we were kind of joking like
LOL remake of a game that's not that old, but uh, yeah, I was interested in it.
So by the way, uh, Ragenator's email,
the problem is at the end of it,
he turns it into a Rick roll thing and uh,
I'm still a little upset about the time he tried to Rick roll the show.
So we are sending rage.
I will not be doing that email justice and we will be sending that email to the
round files. So here you go, Ragenator. Here goes your email.
The vog network.com.
Okay. This is from raw steel UT. Hey guys,
now that we're all done with Christmas and getting our new year's resolutions
ready and shit,
what are you guys looking forward to in the next year in gaming?
Any cool games? Maybe some cool, but ultimately useless gimmick thoughts. Ahoy.
Um, I'm playing more mass effect.
Hold that thought because we have a list list coming up that is tackling this
exact topic. You read our minds.
Holy shit. Off topic.
One of my friends has a copy of the live action Rurouni Kenshin movie.
Gonna watch it. Okay. Next up. I told you I was reading them all.
Do your orange Jones radio. First off,
I would like to apologize for any grammar mistakes I may make as I have been
very tired. I love the whole covering my ass in the beginning thing.
If you cover your ass in the beginning, that's fine. All right.
I wanted to send a personal thank you to all of you for helping me with an issue
I've had problems with dealing with for a long time now. A while back I asked,
what was the best way to come out to friends and family regarding sexual
orientation? You all gave me great help with it.
The one thing I learned from OLR is to be yourself. Tonight.
I finally told my youngest sister that I have been bisexual for a good while.
Now, 10 years,
she asked if I had a girlfriend and I said that I had,
but things didn't go well. She said, well, you know,
you could have told me and I wouldn't have cared one way or another because
you're my sister. I said, well,
I was afraid because of our beliefs about quote that sort of thing. She's,
she said, are you crazy? You're my sister and I care about you and love you.
So I just wanted to let you guys know that thanks to you all,
I finally got the courage to come out because of you all just to tell my sister
how I felt. Thanks again. Sincerely, gamer girl.
I think in many ways like, and I think we get asked this question a lot,
like you've been doing this show for how long you've been doing this show for 10
and a half years.
What motivates you to spend every Sunday to give up your entire Sunday night and
you don't go out to the clubs anymore and you go stay inside and you do this
internet radio show, like what do you get from that? Why do you do that?
And like in many ways,
that email that she just read like just justifies everything. Yeah.
So thank you.
Totally. And major congrats to you too.
And absolutely. I'm making it about us,
but congratulations to you and I know that you and I have talked about other
things too, so just keep your chin up. Not you and me, Rob,
but me and her. I got it. Hey guys,
Sterling here. A couple of weeks ago,
you guys were talking about Konami's VRC6 sound chip for the Famicom,
but did you know there was a step above that?
The VRC7 to the NES sound capability to a whole new level placing literally
on par with the Genesis slash mega drive. However,
only one game uses amazing chip being the Japanese exclusive RPG, uh,
LaGrange point. There's okay. He linked to YouTube on it for how it sounds.
Rob, if you would actually pull that up for me, I would greatly appreciate it.
I will. Sorry. I was yelling at Ramen check as Ramen said,
who the fuck goes clubbing on Sunday nights? We used to go,
it's not around anymore, so we wouldn't, but the, the, the,
and don't make fun of us, but we had the goth club, the rage, the,
it was the rage and they changed their name. What was it called? Asylum. No,
remember we went to the rage for my bachelorette party. Yeah, I know.
But that was like, and after all the vodka shots,
the jello shots and watching Barbarella. I've been asked,
when was the last time you went to asylum? And I'm like, I don't know.
When did I start OLR? So anyway, I'm sorry.
Uh, which one am I pulling up? Oh, this one. Yeah. From, um, Sherlock. Okay.
Got it. Okay. Yes. I want to do a play this. Okay.
So let's listen to a little bit of it. I'm going to fast forward a little bit
here. That's a Nintendo game.
That sounds very unlike most Nintendo games you're used to hearing.
I probably picked like a really boring part, but
it looks like fantasy star. Sounds pretty.
I also wanted to tell you about a mainstream game I've been playing from a
series, which I never thought would be playable for blind people.
That being resident evil six.
This game is what I like to call accidentally accessible,
meaning that some of its features tend to help blind people without meaning to
chief among these is the PDA system,
which points you in the right direction.
You need to go as long as you have the button for it held down while you walk.
I'm already most of the way through chapter two of Leon's campaign and I'm
through the trickiest section as far as accessibility goes.
That being the bell puzzle. Anyway, enough of my rambling.
I hope you guys are having an awesome holiday season and keep up the awesome
job as always. RIP Shermy,
Sherlock, my baby.
Yes. That has been the sad part of my year.
You guys have made the holidays even more awesome.
Sorry. I was thinking about my kitty. Looking forward, not back.
I know it's tough. Um, this comes from, um, Robert M.
First here's hoping, uh, is that a Chiron beta cheer on beta prime was on your
holiday rotation. Secondly,
if any of you have any experience with doing this,
does anyone there or in chat know how well an Xbox 360 controller works on Mac
OS still a leopard or later? Finally, does Minecraft support said controller?
I wouldn't know about the Mac side of it,
but I can use the controller in Minecraft at all in Minecraft.
I use the controller all the time in Minecraft. Oh yeah.
I use keyboard when I play. Yeah, I believe that. I, in fact,
if you play on our server, uh,
or you just have access to the VOG network forums, uh, for PC,
at least I have an expatter profile that you can use for the Xbox 360 controller
that works perfectly and it works almost almost identical as the 360 version,
but not quite. I'm fairly certain there are drivers available for Mac OS.
And I know, uh, probably doesn't help this email or,
but the PlayStation three controller actually works with Mac OS.
Okay. And now I was told to stop reading this on the air immediately.
This part of the email, no, I'm not going to go any further. Um,
it actually is for me and I'm forwarding it to my personal email.
So you'll hear from me there. Sounds kinky.
Shut up, Rob. It was actually really nice. All right.
I was just sort of trying. How does he know what you're wearing today? I'm just,
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. All right.
When do I ever wear something that isn't black?
So you're saying they're black.
Yes.
Next email.
I love tooling you guys. Seriously. All right. Two emails left.
Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Now that it's cold on the East coast, I need another form of exercise. Well,
I, we can't help you with that. Um, so I set up TDR in my unheated workshop.
I was totally getting back into it and I noticed that my score sucked.
I've played a few times since then and the left arrow works about 25% of the
time. So Loki, do I buy, build or hang myself from frustration.
I've researched a lot online and it's hard to find a good pad since they're not
made anymore.
Even the metal pads you can find on eBay and Amazon get so-so reviews and should
I stockpile new pads since dance games are dead? What would you recommend?
Keep in mind that I'm budget conscious.
Good day citizens from your loyal turtle in Philly. Serious turtle.
Well, depends on how much you're going to actually play. Cause um, you know,
I remember I've looked into great detail for as pads go,
but um, yeah, you're right. A lot of them,
they're pretty terrible,
but there are mods you can do on some of them to make them not so bad.
Like some of the, uh, I'm trying to think what, what pads there,
but most of them even on the eBay and stuff are really overpriced for what they
are. So, um, your best bet is just, uh,
I mean you can make something. I've made a few different types of pads.
The last one I did was the
um,
Riptide pad I think. And that one cost me,
I think $300 for two.
So that's not too bad. And um, if you only need one, it's even cheaper.
Um, and it wasn't too bad. It just, it didn't ground it right.
But now we're just going to remake the whole thing anyways. Cause I have,
you know, some sheet metal sitting in my garage will shed. Um,
I don't know. I, I'd go with the home built pad if you, if you can do that.
Otherwise, um, you know, the metal pads are all right,
but just make sure if you do get one, make,
it's like a really thick pad cause I bought some metal pads are about an inch
thick and they bent like it was really bad.
So just read reviews and you know,
ask on like some of the music game form,
especially people are using pads a lot. And I'd say as far as being, um, you know,
music games aren't done. I mean, music console games are kind of dying,
but if you want, you know, to do the PC, you know,
simulator scene and that kind of stuff,
you're going to have a lot more options available to you and that's probably not
going to go away anytime soon. So that'd be the way to go.
Alrighty.
All right. And the last email then if we're ready. Hey, OLR crew,
AZHP here with an option or two on the news stories last week about online
services for games like Neverwinter Nights being shut down.
Whereas Star Wars Battlefront for PS2 is still running.
My quote friend who worked at GameSpy told me that when developers stopped
paying their fees for their services to stay up,
GameSpy would just not shut them down. Um,
because getting a massive uprising of players getting butthurt that their
online games were getting shut down was more trouble to deal with than just
leaving the service up. My guess is that Gloo Mobile,
the company that bought GameSpy from IGN is realizing they've made a poor
investment on GameSpy.
They paid about 45 million in stock for GameSpy and the employees are jumping
ship because they don't like the new direction Gloo is taking them,
found out about this practice and is trying to write some developers out for
games they've stopped paying for. And those developers are, surprise,
not willing to pay for 10 year old games and are just letting them get shut
down. Just my little insight into the world of video game business,
you're truly AZHP.
I don't think it was that they were giving up on them.
It's just that they're raising the rates so much that it's just not cost,
you know, effective for them. I mean,
I think that's really what it comes down to.
I found that part fascinating that they'd rather keep them running than have to
deal with the internet rage. That says a lot right there.
That was it.
I'm eating.
No help. We have dead air.
Okay, Rob,
jeez, you have to shove your face with stuff and have me fill in the time.
Garris, Garris, Garris, Garris, Garris, Garris.
I will keep saying Garris until Rob finishes chewing.
How about FUs? Okay.
My FU goes to AAA
um, because of, um, claim issues from my car accident.
I may not be in a bad spot,
but somebody else who was involved in the accident, um, was
for things that were proven on record to have been caused by the accident.
So I'm going to take it up with them and they may be losing a customer.
Loki.
Um,
I guess FU to the fact that there's no one on Final Fantasy 11.
It's kind of lonely. I mean,
I like the fact that now I can actually camp the notorious monsters if I want to
and be able to attack them.
Leaping Lizzie's all yours.
No, seriously. Like I ran across them away.
Here's a notorious monster and we'll fight it. And I did and I killed it.
And I didn't actually get the drop, but, um, I was like, yeah,
that's kind of cool.
Yeah, I noticed quite a few. Um, so it's neat. Um,
and then of course, you know, uh, FU,
the fact that I've got some big projects I want to work on and
I've been just like brain fried lately and I just haven't been able to
concentrate on them. But some major stuff hopefully,
hopefully I'll actually work on this year. I really need to focus on it.
All right.
Uh,
my FU of the week goes to my cohost for not knowing how to fill dead air when
I'm eating. Uh,
We didn't know you were getting food. Jeez, Rob. This is Rob.
And FU to Dark Sakura for furthering berating me during my FU segment.
Uh, and just FU to the fact that vacation is blown by.
I have to go back to work on Wednesday. I know I have to go to work tomorrow.
No, it sucks to be here. Why if I have a whole week off? Oh my gosh. But you know,
no, in all seriousness, it's been a great mental break. So I'm like, I'm,
I'm actually at this point where I'm like, I'm re I'm,
I'm looking forward to going back to work and taking care of all these projects
I've got going on. That'll change a day later. FU to myself for me. No,
I do like my job though. I feel it's, you know,
who doesn't like a break from their day job though,
to go do whatever they want for a while. It's, it's a good mental rest,
but I'm ready for 2013 to be a kick ass year.
By the way, can I throw in a happy birthday to a celebrity? No. Yes.
Michelle Nichols turned 80 today. She is a flawless goddess. She, she is,
she is pretty damn flawless. I have to, she's one of,
she's actually one of my,
I would say the only flaw I could think of possibly for her was that she
participated in season two of euros, but otherwise,
otherwise she did a fan dance at 50.
Yeah. All right. Uh, yeah.
If you go vitamin water for making me pee like three times in two hours,
I'm not a pregnant woman. I swear
you're just getting old like the rest of us. It's vitamin water's fault about me.
Your half birthday just recently passed too. Cause mine day I'm like, Oh,
I'm almost 35. Yay. All right. Fun to be old. Yeah. All right.
Let us get to one more segment before we get
to the other classic game of the week.
I'll explain in a minute and our Twitter topics and so forth.
It is a segment we like to call listless.
Okay.
All right. The way listless works,
we are going to put together the ultimate list.
This is a very scientific process. Y'all the ultimate list.
We're not going to have the theme music all night tonight.
The ultimate list to discuss the top three of a topic and that topic tonight is
your 2013 predictions. Ooh. Okay.
So here's the way listless works.
We're going to go around the room and the folks participating tonight are myself,
Dark Sakura, Loki, Flacco, and Allen. We have a five man listless tonight.
You have a four man and one woman listless.
We have a five person. There's a woman man. So there you go.
You know what? My man, my boobs dominate. All right, fine, fine.
We have four men in a nag. Bitch, please. I will cut you.
All right. Doing tonight's listless. Ah, you know, I love you. All right.
We're doing tonight's listless.
We're each going to go around and put three items on the list.
Then we will go around and it's a really tough thing.
We're going to take one answer off the list,
but there's a twist in tonight's listless. This is,
this is a listless twist for 2013. So.
Twistless?
It's twistless. Here's the deal, because there's so many people tonight.
If somebody gets two of their answers taken from the list,
their third answer automatically becomes immune and cannot be taken from the
list. That's the twist. Immunity idol for an answer.
So if you get two of your answers taken off the list,
your other one cannot be eliminated.
May I suggest that we play the, uh, the whole tribunal song,
you know, while we're doing the eliminations,
that might be kind of funny there.
I'll see what we can do. All right. Um, so, uh, all right.
So that's the twist this, this, uh, this year with listless 2.0. So anyway, uh,
in all seriousness, let's go around and start forming the list.
The chatters will then vote and they will get to put together the ultimate list
by the way, and I will throw this out there.
There actually is another upgrade coming to listless in 2013. Uh,
not just the upgrade I previously mentioned,
but we are going to have a way that podcast listeners can participate in this
segment next year. So stay tuned.
We are going to do one segment where the podcasters get to participate as well.
Uh, in 2013. So expect this segment to come back. All right. Anyhow,
it is your predictions in gaming for 2013.
This can be as serious or as silly as you want. Chatters,
we may look to you for some answers as some good ones get duplicated.
So serious or silly as you want your 2013 predictions.
We might,
I predict that I will get through a sentence without coughing or something.
All right, let's, uh, let's go around dark Sakura.
What is your number three answer for your 2013 prediction?
Reggie Fils-Aime will actually reveal that he's Donkey Kong. Just shaved.
And why do you believe this will happen?
Look at the man's face. He's got gorilla face.
And like not Damon Auburn, Jamie Hewlett gorillas. I mean, he,
he looks like a monkey.
All right. Wow. I don't know. I don't know. That's, uh,
I don't know. I don't know. That one might get eliminated right off. We'll see.
All right. Let's see though. Uh, moving around the list. Loki,
what is your number three answer for 2013 prediction?
Final Fantasy 11 will go free to play.
And why do you feel that's destined to happen this year?
Because there's very few servers right now and they're
hardly anyone on them. And honestly, if they went free to play,
I think they would get a lot more revenue.
All right. And I understand the, you know,
they have Final Fantasy 14 over there and they want kind of people to go to
that, but why wouldn't you want to keep your old service available? I guess it,
maybe, maybe not the cut into your new one. I don't know. As hard as that.
All right. Uh, Flaco Jones, what is your number three answer?
Uh,
PlayStation and Vita versions of first party Sony games are actually going to be
made by the same developers. Oh,
instead of like the whole like license thing, like, well,
just like the whole, like, uh, uh, yeah, like uncharted,
naughty dog doesn't do the Vita version or a little big planet.
Meaty medical doesn't do the Vita version.
Just stop pawning it off on one of your other developers.
That makes a lot of sense. Actually. I am like totally okay with that. All right.
Um, moving on. Uh, let's go to Alan,
if we can with his number three answer. Where did he go? He's over there.
Hello.
The devil may cry reboot will flop and bury the franchise for good.
The only good thing it will bring is really hot fan art of new Dante and Chris
Redfield. So there you go. The number three answer from Allen,
devil may cry reboot flops and the only good thing it brings is a fanfic.
All right. Uh, my number three answer, what did I do my list here? Oh,
my number three answer is that there will be a Vita price drop before the
one year anniversary, which is in a couple of months. And I honestly,
I don't think they have any choice at this point.
And I would almost go so far as to say the three G one gets eliminated totally.
Cause why? But, uh,
I'm just going to say a price drop for the Vita.
And I don't think that's just wishful thinking because you're not getting a Vita
till the price drop. Right? I mean, I already missed the, the, the, the posts,
the black Friday deal, which is 180. So unless it's lower than 180, yeah,
I'm not buying it. It won't just be the three DS that gets that.
All right, let's go to dark Sakura with her number two answer.
Mass effect fans will get all butthurt because, um,
the rumor about the DLC, uh, proving indoctrination theory is true.
So, um, DLC indoctrination is true. Yeah.
And of course, you know, all the fans will get butthurt.
I'll probably be a bit butthurt for those that are not in tapped into the fandom
briefly described what the indoctrination theory is without spoiling the ending.
Uh, not much basically. Okay.
There's this thing where there's like a kind of mind control in the game for
people who've been around Reaper technology a lot.
And the Reapers are the big bad guys. And, um,
basically they can kind of make you do whatever they want you to and think
whatever they want you to think. So maybe the whole ending was hallucinated.
Fair enough. All right. Uh,
let's move on to Loki. Your number two answer.
Bandit two will flop and the only good thing you'll get from it is fanfic.
Well, didn't I just hear that?
And because of the Wii U and you think you had trouble with niche games on the
Wii, you haven't seen anything yet. All right. So, uh,
Flaco Jones, what is your number two answer?
The next generation Xbox, the lube, uh,
will be a hundred dollars if you sign up for a two year cell phone style
commitment and pay a higher tier of Xbox lives, say like 15 bucks a month.
That answer.
I hate that answer because it is so probably true. Like, Oh my God,
I, Oh, I hate you for saying that because like I could see that happening X.
So you're basically saying Xbox lube goes the way the iPhone.
It's just 99 99 with a two year commitment to Xbox live. Yeah.
But then even X, yeah, platinum. Exactly what I was thinking. Oh, you Dick.
All right. Alan, your number two answer.
Watchdogs and Bioshock infinite will destroy everyone else's asshole as far as
gaming the year lists.
The only beat the two games that everyone loses their mind over.
What about, what about bungees destiny?
That was the other one I was thinking of.
That's supposed to be a real like asshole blower. I guess if I'm used to use,
that's not coming up this year. Salacious pop turn or 2013.
You don't think so? No. All right. It's not even close.
You think it's either pushing it back. They're pushing it back to the next,
next 2014. All right. Uh, going to who's left me.
My number two answer, my number two answer for 2013 prediction is, uh,
final fantasy 14 reborn. Not bad.
You know what? That one's not fair. Why? I can't say why.
Well, it's a, it's a prediction. Final Fantasy 14 reborn.
Turns out to not be that bad. And it's the first time they've ever, uh,
reversed course on an MMO and it works. We'll see. All right.
Uh, so, so far we have Reggie reveals he's actually donkey Kong.
Final fantasy 11 goes free to play Vita ports made by the same developers.
Devil may cry. Reboot flops.
Vita price drop before the one year anniversary indoctrination DLC ending,
but hurts mass effect fans. Bayonetta two will flop, but yay fanfic.
The Xbox lube is a hundred dollars with a commitment.
Watchdogs and bio shocks blows up game of the year lists and other things.
Final fantasy 14 reborn. Not bad gift. All right,
so now we get down to the number one answers.
Dark sahara compile will rise from the ashes,
not as compile heart and bring us a new guard at game.
As in guard at guy den was the guardian legend.
One of these years, I'd like you to be right. All right. Uh, Loki,
your number one answer that we is going to flop.
And the reason I say that is because they haven't,
they're not going to have any good games coming out and I'm not talking about
Pikmin. Yeah. Some people like Pikmin, but Pikmin does not fucking sell systems.
Okay. I'm talking about like Mario, Zelda, not until fourth quarter,
2013 and so basically you're going to have a big nine month dead period,
at least more than nine months where it's just going to dip down to nothing
because it's not selling like hotcakes now they're on. I mean,
don't get me wrong. They've got lots of systems out there right now. Um,
or at least there's, you know, we don't know how many systems they have out there,
but they're not,
they're not selling out and that's not good to not be selling out right now.
And then granted, I know their supplies a little better,
but it's not that much better. You just popped in my head. Hmm. Flippity,
floppy. We use on its way. Flocko Jones,
your number one prediction for 2013 a skyward sword will be ported to the Wii U
replacing the innovative motion control with innovative touch control.
When you're talking about motion control,
they're just going to do motion control with the game pad.
It'll be the exact fucking thing again.
Skyward have to use the screen skyward sword to the Wii U with touch control.
It's new control skyward sword. Yes. All right. Fair enough. Alan,
your number one answer.
BioWare will continue to support mass effect free multiplayer with DLC and
weekend events through at least June.
I would like that to be true.
All right. From a true fan boy,
I was still getting my regular updates through June. All right.
All right. And my number one answer,
the last one for the list before we do the elimination rounds,
no PlayStation four this year.
I think everybody's expecting it to happen. I don't think it will.
That's a very serious reply. I think the new X-Box will happen.
I don't think Sony Sony needs to recover on the Vita right now.
I don't think they're under any pressure to get the PlayStation four out.
Try to learn from the Wii U and the X-Box launches.
I think it's the smart thing to wait if you're Sony, but we'll see.
I say no PlayStation four in 2013. All right.
So there it is 15 things on the damn list right now.
Reggie is donkey Kong. Final Fantasy 11 goes free to play Vita ports made by the
same developers as PS three devil may cry. Reboot flops.
Beat a price drop before the one year anniversary DLC indoctrination ending,
but hurts mass effect fans Bayonetta two flops, but fanfic.
The X-Box lube is a hundred dollars with the commitment watchdogs and bio shot
game of the year list final fantasy reborn. Not bad.
JPG compile will rise from the ashes with a new guard at game.
Wii U will flop skyward sword goes to Wii U with touch control mass effect
multiplayer through June and no PlayStation four.
Now we get to the very tough part of the round.
All right. That's actually not the music I would have used.
Some of these YouTube's are labeled very strangely.
Let's do this theme song here. Let's try this for the vote off.
Much better.
All right, so here we are at tribal council.
Will you tell me about how Russell wronged you and how you're going to vote his
ass out tonight? All right, for real. Here we go.
Going around and eliminating items that are not worthy of the list.
Remember if two of a person's items get eliminated,
the third answer becomes immune. So dark soccer,
which of these is not worthy of the list?
Um, sorry, Alan.
I'm going to take out the devil may cry reboot because there is such a huge fan
base that it will make its money back just from fan base alone.
But the fanfic, dark soccer, the fanfic.
Yeah, the fanfic will happen regardless.
People will still buy the game. I bought orphan Rob.
It doesn't take a miss Clio to predict. I bought orphan. All right.
Hey, you played a demo yet? Fair enough. Huh? Uh, I've seen it.
I haven't played it myself. Dante's pretty hot. Don't get me wrong. All right.
Uh, who is next? Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list? Um,
I'm going to have to say,
uh, compile it. It's just, it's not, it's not going to happen.
We've got to be real here. All right. Compile rising from the ashes.
It just ain't happening. It's a wonderful pipe dream, but it's just,
it's not going to happen. All right. Fair enough. Uh,
then we will go to a Flaco. Which of these is not worthy of the list?
I can't decide cause they're all going to happen. Um,
I guess I'll just have to give dark soccer immunity and say indoctrination.
You're going to take indoctrination off the list.
You're going to give Reggie is actually a shaved donkey Kong immunity because I'm
a little,
there's something about that answer that worries me a little bit.
I don't want to go there. Other people agree with me, but uh,
I think he looks like a gorilla. I know.
I really want to just get that answer off the list.
I don't want to give an immunity. So Flaco, I'm going to really change my answer.
Thank you. So you're changing your answer. Reggie. All right. That's a good,
that's a good mass effect. All right. So that gets immunity.
So mass effect gets immunity. There we go. I should have added that, you know,
what was it? Um, who was it that they always have during those? Uh,
Oh, it's a water.
It was going to be holding like a human head the next, uh,
Nintendo conference thing that they do because he's always holding,
something weird, like a banana or some weird shit.
Universe of difference between a banana and a head, maybe a shrunken head. Yeah,
but it's weird though. He's just like putting it out into the crowd. Think of it.
Think of it this way. Flaco, uh,
mass effect fans getting butt hurt by something. That's a given that will
happen. So, you know, I don't, I don't know if you should eliminate it. All right.
Anyhow, let's go. It has immunity. Yeah, it has immunity. All right. Uh,
let's go to Alan. Alan, which of these is not worthy of the list?
So generally whenever I eliminate something, the chat room hates me.
So I'm really going to try and keep the more controversial ones up and get rid of
the more normal ones.
I'm going to take off final fantasy 14 reborn isn't bad.
Maybe perhaps have some bias. I don't know.
You think it will be bad. All right. That's fair. That's fair. All right. Uh,
what? I was gonna say some bias of the person who said that statement.
All right. Uh, then that leaves me.
So which of Alan's answers should I get rid of? No. Uh, all right.
So my turn to figure out which of these is not worthy of list. Um,
um, oh, did you not get rid of them? I did. You did. Okay. Uh,
I'm going to get rid of, um,
I don't know. Uh, it's all going to happen. They're all going to happen.
They really are. Um, okay.
I'm going to get rid of Vita ports are made by the same developers.
Cause that's not going to happen. That's never going to happen. That's true.
It would happen if they actually wanted to save the Vita.
Yeah. They really wanted to save the Vita maybe, but no,
that's not what's going to happen. All right.
So here's the ones you can actually vote on.
We have final fantasy 11 goes free to play Vita price drop before the one year
anniversary DLC indoctrination ending, but hurts mass effect fans.
I kind of butchered the grammar there. Sorry. Bayonetta two will flop,
but fanfic. The Xbox lube is a hundred dollars with commitment.
Watchdogs and bio shear trample game of the year list.
We you will flop skyward sword goes to Wii U with touch control mass effect
multiplayer through June, which I, that's the one I really should got rid of.
Oh well. And uh, no PlayStation four. So there it is.
You guys can place your vote now.
Send you private message to Rob Roberts in the chat room with your number one
and your number two answers for which of those you think will be the case.
And we will tally up the results and get to that at the end of the show.
All right. Thanks for playing guys.
Here's your immunity idol for playing. All right. For life.
It's your immunity idol for life, for life.
She's the only one that got an immunity. Yeah.
She's the only one that got an immunity this time. I think,
I think I should have a queen hat or chocolate.
Okay. Alan, sit on Jamie's head. All right.
All right. Uh, what does that leave for the segments here? Oh, we've got,
we got to do this.
We have to do a very anticipated moment here in 2012 because remember when the
power went out during the last show that Flaco Jones was on,
his segment got cut and he never got to do it.
And literally he was in the middle of segment talking about it like this.
And then he's like sad because the dark.
All right, so we are going to allow Flaco Jones tonight. Yes,
we're going to do two of these segments this week.
We're going to allow him to do his makeup classic game of the week tonight.
So making up for the show that was lost in May Flaco Jones,
what is your classic game of the week?
My classic game of last May is Chrono Cross.
Yay. Good pick. Really good opening theme.
Amazing. I have to find actually a Chrono Cross video.
One song in there that I really liked. The girls do something in the stars.
Yeah. Yeah. That's. And it was an S word. And I was like, stole? Yeah.
Is that the ending title theme? I don't remember.
I just know that it's a piece I really liked from that game.
My wife got me the soundtrack last Christmas.
Well, here you go. So you can all enjoy.
Yay. Which was the best part of the game. Oh, come on.
One of the best parts of the many best parts of the game. If that makes sense.
All right. May by square in 1999 for Japan, 2000 for North America.
It's technically the third game in the Chrono series,
followed by Chrono Trigger 95 and the Japanese only text based game,
Radical Dreamers 1996.
It's set 20 years after the events in Chrono Trigger.
The game focuses on Surge, this kid who stumbles into an alternate dimension
where he died 10 years earlier and created a schism in the timeline
that was saved by your party in Chrono Trigger.
He teams up with a mysterious thief named Kid on a mission to stop
a demi human named Links who is trying to use
Surge's displacement in time for his own evil purposes.
So as you play through the game, like one of the coolest parts
is you get to have a lot of people in your party.
Now, it's only like the typical three person party,
but you can recruit up to 45 people and swap them in and out
pretty much however you please.
And they all have different, you know, base powers and things like that.
But the only way to obtain all 45 of those characters is to play
through the game three times.
And I beat this game five times, so I've gotten all the characters.
A lot of them have their own unique little dialog quirks to do this.
They coded a script generator to change the standard dialog
for all these special characters so they wouldn't have to rewrite
and translate for all the different ones.
Another way that the Chrono Cross makes having so many playable characters work
is that it's a grind free RPG so you don't have to go grind all your characters.
Every recruit levels up after killing a boss
or fighting other key battles where you're rewarded with a star.
So every time you get a star, your whole party bumps up a level.
And that's kind of that's just another thing I love about the game.
I love that it's not your typical grindy JRPG.
You play through the game, boss to boss, and your party will always level.
You don't sit there and grind little rabbits in the field.
See, they also built the battle system from the ground up.
It doesn't use magic points because as you attack, you use stamina points.
And with each successful attack,
you gain access to higher tiered elements on your elemental grid.
Each element is tied to a color that affects the field of battle.
And those are tied to like basic elements, you know, like fire and water,
nature, earth and something else.
Let's see, based on how you manipulate the field, you can do more damage.
And that's kind of received some flack for the game
because it is easy in that sense, along with the whole grind free aspect of it.
The combat system is pretty easy to figure out.
And once you do and you can just manipulate the field,
you can own stuff like super fast in this game.
Let's see, it received extremely well by critics.
It had a perfect 10 on GameSpot, 36 out of 40 on Famitsu and 97 on IGN.
The game shipped over a million and a half copies
and was rereleased as a greatest hits version.
It does have plenty of detractors, with the most common complaint
being it isn't Chrono Trigger 2.
The game's creators never intended it to be a true sequel to Chrono Trigger
as they wanted to build a new game from the ground up for this new platform.
You know, the PlayStation one that were not new at that point,
but new compared to Chrono Trigger.
They wanted they didn't want to just have another game
that looked like Chrono Trigger playing on the the PlayStation.
Well, plus, there was such a difference between Final Fantasy six and seven.
You know, Chrono made a very similar kind of jump.
And you know, in the game, I think also pissed off a lot of fans
because as you play the game, you realize some characters from Chrono Trigger died.
So you're like, oh, so that means there probably can never be a true
Chrono Trigger 2 because this person's dead.
But, you know, it's time travel.
So you never know. Chrono Trigger could come back maybe someday.
They could do whatever they want.
They could do whatever they want.
It's time travel and it's magic and who cares?
It's still a great game. Let's see.
Oh, yeah. OK. And then this is what I was going to end on was the music is the best.
Nobody can really complain about that.
It's my favorite part of the game.
And I got the soundtrack.
Like I said, the highlights are time scar.
And I love magical dreamers.
I love the end credits song.
And yeah, just the kind of game you can just sit and listen to the music to.
If you you can just leave it on that menu screen and just let it go.
And that's just time scar over and over and over.
Attract mode. Yeah.
On Chrono Trigger, I used to let it sit in zeal
and just play that music over and over again.
And Charlotte's music.
Yeah. Oh, Charlotte seems my favorite.
Yeah. I love that.
They kept just that awesome.
This musical style was it kept the same style, at least.
And she plays a big role in Chrono Cross.
You know, I never got that far into it.
Oh, you know what, though?
But I've got another it's another critique of the game that it's almost like they
didn't they could have changed one little thing about a certain character in Chrono
Cross, and I think it would have made a huge difference
to maybe fans of Chrono Trigger and Charlotte.
But I guess you got to play it.
I'm not going to spoil it, even though this game is like 12 years old or whatever.
All right. Well, there it is.
Your classic game of the May classic game in the May Chrono Cross.
Thank you for that.
I'm glad you finally got to give give the game.
It's due here. I love this game.
I know we all love the game.
We're going to open up the Skype line.
We don't have a whole lot of time for calls tonight because we're running very long.
It's damn near a four hour show tonight.
So one eight seven seven game O.L.R.
or is your name on Skype is Orange Laundry.
All one word. If you want to give us a call
and we will take some of your calls, we will do the listless results here shortly.
I just want to give it one more minute for votes
because we have a massive tie going on right now.
So I just want to see if that tie will get broken.
But it doesn't look likely at this point.
So we'll see.
I'm also going to do tweets real quick here at Twitter dot com slash O.L.R..
But I need my iPad for that.
So, Loki, do you have any last minute story?
Probably not, huh? No, I do.
Oh, OK. I have one.
Oh, Rob, see, this is kind of this is kind of sad, actually.
You may remember the last few years.
We haven't had a new NBA game, NBA elite.
Well, NBA, NBA, NBA game like NBA live or NBA elite or whatever you can call it.
So NBA Live 10, the last NBA game released by EA
is going to have its online support shut down January 11th.
So if you're still playing NBA live, you're done.
But go act really angry on the Internet, because apparently that works.
It worked with GameSpy.
You never know. All right. We have a call on the line. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Hello, it's Shane.
Hey, Shane, how you doing? I'm good.
Did you like the Konami stories that Jim was telling us earlier?
There are so many other ones that are really funny that he missed.
Like the fact there was the one guy
when we were doing karaoke revolution that couldn't sing at all.
And nobody could be in the same room with him while he tested
because we would all laugh too hard.
So we'd have to go other places like me and one of the guys had to go
in the storage closet because we wanted to laugh so hard at it.
I forgot about that.
There was a guy that was so bad at karaoke revolution.
It sent you back in the closet. Yes. All right. Amazing.
All right. What did you really call in to talk about tonight?
One, you did not pick the right number one for your list list
as I gave you a better number one that is probably more likely to happen
than anything on the list list. What would what would that answer be?
Verbatim, I put your number one will be Shane will find a game
he loves and gets Rob and Jamie to fall madly in love with it as well.
Only if it's more mass effect.
That's what you say now until I find something he's trying with persona
and I'm like, no, no, not yet.
I will not try yet until I beat it, but it will happen. Whatever.
It's really, really good.
Not worked with Skylanders.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not going to try to get you into Skylanders.
I promise. All right.
I don't want to be into Skylanders. All right.
You know what I was really going to say is and something
I think we talked about before
is that when I was doing my own, like, what games did I love this year?
My top five, four of them were Vita games,
which seemed a little ridiculous to me.
So just because the system kind of sucks
doesn't mean that the games are awful, too.
Let me guess that must be luminous persona.
Mm hmm. Gravity Rush.
Nope. What else? I didn't beat the game yet.
So sound shapes.
Oh, yes. Sound shapes really good.
And what? Um, and D.J. Maxx. Oh, OK.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Those are all still really great games.
Yeah. And PlayStation Plus makes it easier because I got four games
from PlayStation Plus now on there, too, that I can play and love.
This is the part of the year where all the websites
are doing their best and worst to 2012.
And like Yahoo, I don't know why I read Yahoo, but I do.
They have their worst of 2012 in tech.
And the Vita inevitably made the list.
And there's a lot of websites where the Vita made the worst in tech list.
But yet, yet we have the golden rule of gaming.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
If the games are so good on the Vita, why is the Vita flopping?
The price sucks.
And as you know, Flacco Jones says the the first party games
that should be made by their actual devs are not.
And so they're not as good with the exceptional big planet.
I think that game is fun on Vita.
I really like it on Vita.
Yeah, a little bit of Vita.
But God, I'm tired from that, isn't it?
They were still involved in some capacity.
And I think that was important.
Uncharted feels like a bad cell phone knockoff of Uncharted.
Yeah, it's terrible.
Yeah, that was a big that was almost on my disappointing list,
but I didn't really play enough of it to really say that.
You don't need to just play like five minutes
and then try to do one of the stupid rubbings or aiming in that game
or climbing with the touch screen.
That's terrible, too.
We were talking about this earlier.
What would you say was your most disappointing of 2012?
My game's Guild Wars, too.
I just it was not as good as I was expecting
with all the time and effort they put into it.
I would even throw in Mr. Pandaria.
I have way too many issues with this game, this expansion.
I will also say, oh, God, what else did I tell you?
I told you uncharted because I thought that was really bad.
Both uncharted, uncharted three.
Or was that last year?
I don't know. It wasn't good either.
Uncharted three was last year.
OK, well, it's terribleness bled over into this year, too.
And you know what?
And this is going to be terrible coming from me,
but I'm slightly disappointed with the latest Pokemon game
because it didn't hold my interest.
I haven't even beaten it yet.
Wow. Pokemon.
I kind of can't believe that you would say that.
I know I only have five badges and there are like too many other games
I'd rather play than Pokemon right now, which is very depressing to me.
Somebody put Pokemon White 2 as their game of the year.
Well, that's their wrong opinion.
That's cool. How did I know you were going to say something like that?
All right. Because I'm a jerk.
Well, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
Um, no, I don't think so.
I was trying to think of another funny
Konami story before I got off the Skype.
But I oh, one of the times where we went drinking at lunch,
somebody in the room I sat in,
they drank too much.
So they got sent home early.
And then as a sign of solidarity, I left early, too.
As a sign of solidarity.
It also was on a Friday, so it wasn't that bad of an idea.
All right. All right.
That's it. I'm going to let you go.
You can tell more stories when you come to California and guest on the show again.
OK. All right. Bye bye.
We can probably fit in one more call.
One eight seven seven game or username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Were you doing with last minute stories?
Loki, are you good?
I'm good. All right.
Reading some of the tweets at Twitter dot com slash O.L.R.
SGA 100.
Matt tweeted us saying I won't be listening tonight
because I will be seeing The Hobbit for my birthday.
Happy birthday, by the way.
Well, and I'm kidding.
But I will be birthday.
I hope you like 10 minutes of dwarves singing.
No, I'm just kidding. I haven't seen it yet.
I'm not going to hate.
But I would like to wish you all a happy new year.
Well, happy new year to you, too.
And happy birthday. Let's see.
Act Def tweeted us wanting us to know that Austin Wintory of the Journey
soundtrack fame released all his music on Bandcamp for Pay What You Want.
Austin Wintory dot Bandcamp dot com.
That's pretty awesome and great soundtrack for Journey, by the way.
Oh, also, I did want to say there is another game that is up
on the top of my list is Street Fighter across Mega Man.
Oh, yeah, the the fan one.
But the music. Mm hmm.
You can also get the soundtrack as a pay what you want. Nice.
And I have the whole thing
burned it off for my husband and put it in his stocking. Very cool.
All right. Well, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's the one and only Rama.
Hey, Rama. Rama, I was thinking of you.
Oh, I was thinking of you, too.
Because we need to, like, get online and watch Dirty Pair.
That, too. Do you know how much frickin' anime I have sitting on my shelf
I've bought over the years and get to watch?
I just finished the first season of Sailor Moon.
What does that tell you?
Really? I've watched like the whole run of it three times now.
In Japanese. Just imagine how many people are going to be watching it
right before the premiere of new series.
I need to be on anime jam session, dude.
It's going to happen.
Episode 100 is coming soon, and we got some shit in store, you know?
Nice. Mm hmm. Very cool.
Well, what to what do we owe this phone call tonight?
Oh, the whole Shame Stop debacle.
Oh, you talk about the porn thing?
I'm sorry. I have to laugh when Shame Stop says they have
standards and practices on their refurbished machine consoles.
I'm sorry. How can you call it refurbished
when I walk in and sell it and 10 minutes later,
someone comes in and buys what I just sold you.
That's not refurbished.
Standards and practices is the firing department, let's be real.
Standards and practices.
Q and reset the whole nine yards.
I mean, they don't really care.
I mean, I sold them ideas fat with a broken L button.
They didn't give it to him.
I should have sold them my broken iPhone,
but I ended up giving that to my dad because he'll try to fix it knowing him.
All they're going to do is turn it on.
See the power's up. That's it. Done.
Wow. Easy enough.
Exactly. And this is why I do not.
I try not to shop there unless I truly had to.
Last time I went there, I bought NCIS for my 3DS.
Come to find out if I waited an extra day,
I could have gotten it from Nintendo World for the same price.
Yikes. What's been your favorite in gaming this year?
Well, like I said, it was Final Fantasy Theater rhythm,
but it was a toss up between that and Mario Kart 7,
because, you know, I love my Mario Kart.
Mario Kart's good times.
Yes, especially when we were playing during the breaks.
You have to bring that back.
Especially on it.
I almost said it on a jam session.
You probably play it on there, too, but to automate conventions.
I'm sure there's lots of breakouts of various DS titles and so forth.
Yeah, I mostly see it Mario Kart or Tetris.
Right now, the big thing is Pokemon.
That's what everyone is doing.
So very cool.
What about disappointing games this year?
Is there anything you want to call out as disappointing?
Oh, well, I didn't play a lot of games this year,
but I don't think there was anything disappointing.
But if I have to, I have to join the bandwagon and say Assassin's Creed 3.
Why that?
Because there were some people that said Assassin's Creed 3 was the best.
So why do you put it as most disappointing?
From my understanding, not just ending, but the gameplay mechanics.
Some people say it was really horrible.
Gotcha.
All right, well, we're going to let you go.
But good luck with your show in 2013.
Good luck with Anime Jam Session.
I look forward to episode 100.
And when you guys inevitably go live at some point, right?
That's, well, I might as well say, well, that's part of what we're working on for 100
because of all the extra equipment I've been buying over the last couple of weeks to get things going.
Nice.
So it sounds like we'll be chatting in the coming weeks.
Oh, you got that right.
All righty.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good, have a safe new year.
You too.
And stay fabulous.
And don't get too drunk.
I will.
Stay black.
You got that right.
All right.
Bye, buddy.
Bye.
All right.
All right.
An interview with the producer Brad Foxhoven, former producer in IGN.
Nintendo surprisingly gave its blessing to the project.
But, you know, because obviously they didn't like Super Mario Brothers at first.
But they thought with John Woo it would be better.
But I guess they couldn't do it.
And a lot of it had to do with Samus' backstory that they wanted to explore, making a movie about her.
But Nintendo, I guess, wanted to be the ones to answer those questions, not have it answered in a movie.
Let's go to one more call.
Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
It's Tiger Claw.
Hey, Tiger Claw.
And it's video.
Just like, remember I said, I remember I said a couple of weeks ago that I wanted to get more video calls.
And we even have the cam, which we need to get on the show.
But maybe in 2013.
Well, how you do, Tiger Claw?
Oh, I'm doing fine.
Earlier in the show, you guys mentioned about the VOG Network Leaderboard and stuff and how I'm still in the top on there.
That's right.
He's number one for the year, if you look at like overall score, I believe.
Is he really?
I think so.
I worry on Bobby Black Wolf telling me all that stuff.
But no, I wanted you to call in and talk some shit.
And here you are.
This is great.
So are you here to trash talk Flaco Jones a little bit?
I just want to know is how has he managed to get first place?
Because I don't know where he's getting all those extra points.
He's doing it because he gets a lot of people somehow to reply to his comments.
I do a lot of comments.
He does so many comments.
He gets people to like him and reply to him.
And I think that's how he's doing it.
That's how I do it.
But he may have to change up his strategy in 2013 because there is going to be some not so much changes, but just, you know, we've been promising we're going to change up the game a little bit.
And so the game will be evolving in 2013.
So the game has changed.
That's right.
The game has changed.
It sure it definitely did.
But anyways, for anyone out there that wants to try to get their hands at the leaderboard, all you have to do is one simple thing is to basically go to the website every single day.
That is all.
Check in all the check in all the shows.
Check in all the shows every day, because there will be a day where you'll get a you'll get a loot for actually visiting the site every day.
Don't go giving away all the game secret and all that stuff.
And it's a good thing you're revamping the game.
It's a good thing.
The game's shifting a little bit.
We've already said all the strategies tonight.
Yeah.
And also, please like people's comments.
And here's another thing is if someone writes a comment saying that it was a good show, whatever you should like it, there's something positive about your show.
I think it deserves a like, I think.
I think any replies with lots of good substance are worthy of a like comment.
I like and reply.
Tyler Claus last.
That was a really good show.
I like this call that won't get you anything, but it might in 2013.
So stay tuned.
New ways to play.
And hopefully in the future, which I know you guys are planning, maybe you'll get loot for posting in forums or something like that.
I could you never know.
We don't want to encourage post touring, but we do want to encourage participation.
So there's a you never know.
You never know what might happen with that.
But since you kind of brought up the whole vog thing and all that I did at some point since it is the last live show of the year and so forth.
There were a lot of changes this year, obviously, that, you know, they could have gone many different ways.
And you guys really kind of embraced this whole vog idea, which in many ways was fucking insane to be doing.
But so many of you guys have just embraced it.
And like you and Flaco both just kind of, you know, running with the game.
And not just you guys, you know, like Act Deaf, Immortal King, all those guys you see, they're just hopping the leaderboards and everybody has been participating.
It's just been so fun.
And we can't wait to just kind of like continue on that for 2013.
And I really want to thank everybody that's kind of jumped on board with vog in the hosting community as well.
Brad from Pod Culture, John from Critical Myth, Brian from British Invaders, Travis and Jess from Understation Live.
Rama from Anime Jam Session, Syl from Girls Gone Wow, myself twice.
But I really want to thank just everybody who's really jumped on board with all the other shows.
And we're hoping to expand the lineup even more in 2013.
And just everybody has been really excited about this.
We want to do more video.
There's so much more we want to do.
And we're just hoping we can get the resources to do it.
Speaking of the live video stuff, you've been recently broadcasting some live gameplay.
That's the thing.
It's a new thing we want to do.
It's a great way to promote and so forth.
Yeah.
And if I remember, Rob, didn't you get XCOM?
I don't know if you got it for PC or something.
I did play it on PlayStation 3.
I played it the week we didn't have a show.
I didn't play really a lot of it because I kind of decided it was something I wasn't like super into.
I'm just I'm so bad at tactical games.
I don't know.
I just also just kind of made me want the old ones again.
I was like, I don't want all this newfangled stuff.
Just give me the old XCOM game.
Next time you play it, you should name all the soldiers after people, you know, and then at some point when they die, you start feeling bad about it.
Dark soccer.
I just got shot in the face by an alien.
What am I going to do?
What am I going to do?
Die of dysentery.
It is kind of the new version of somebody dying of dysentery.
I'm getting a look.
This is this is why it's too bad.
We don't have the video yet, but soon.
Hey, two words.
What?
Bite me.
All right.
Tigerclaw, I should probably let you go so we can wrap up everything.
But I do want to thank you for your support with VoG and everything this year.
And do you have anything else you want to get out before we wrap up the show?
Well, I would like to wish you all a happy new year.
Same to you.
And just hoping for bigger and better things for VoG network in 2013.
It's already awesome.
No, yes, of course.
Bigger, bigger and better is always good.
Yes, we are.
We were striving for more in 2013.
All right, guys.
So I guess I'll see you later.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good have a safe new year.
All right.
You too.
All right.
Bye bye.
Bye.
That's a great way to close out the show, I think tonight.
Sorry to those of you that didn't get through.
I do see the Skypline still lighting up.
Please consider sending an email.
Give Dark Sakura tons of shit to read next week.
Mailbag at orangesloungeradio.com.
He's killing you and then making you work.
Before I know first I got an alien to shoot you in the face.
All right, Rob, you're being a hoe bag.
I am being a hoe bag.
All right.
Before we wrap up the show, we have to reveal who won this list.
All right, here it is.
The top four as voted on you, the listeners.
This is a crazy situation, but we have a top four tonight because
we have a three way tie for second place.
So here it is.
The three answers you voted in second place tonight.
Final Fantasy 11 goes free to play.
Lots of fans of free stuff.
Uh, a Vita price drop before the one year anniversary.
Again, fans of cheap things.
All right.
What happened?
And, uh, I don't know what this says about cheap, but also
tying for second place tonight.
The Xbox lube is a hundred dollars with a commitment and the platinum live program.
So there it is.
They're all money related things, but the number one answer for 2013
predictions as voted by you, the listeners of Orange Lounge Radio.
No PlayStation four.
There it is.
It is done.
Sign it, seal it, deliver it.
Tell Sony, wait and make it better.
Don't rush it.
Don't pull a Vita.
Don't pull a Vita.
All right.
Games, games, game developers, developers, developers.
Wait a minute.
Wrong show.
Sorry.
All right.
That is really going to wrap it up for us tonight.
Um, but not before we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Uh, I want to thank Alan for being on the show tonight.
He's in the other room.
If he runs in here by chance, I'll let him say something, but Flaco, I'm
so happy you made it through a full show and not just that, but probably
might be our longest show of the year.
I know, right?
Well, we had to make up for not being here last week, but thank you.
I know you have to stay up late and you've got kids and you had
drove an hour to get here.
So at least I don't have to work tomorrow.
There you go.
So seriously, thank you for being here.
Um, and, uh, come back again when you can.
I'll try.
I'll try.
I love being here.
And thanks for being so enthusiastic about the network.
Like for real, like it means a lot.
Like you, you, I think I live on the website.
That's what we want people to do.
So you got to get great talking to everybody.
I need little Flaco's Flaco clones.
Actually, we have some other people to do too.
Obviously we just talked to tiger claw.
He's, he's pretty good about that too.
So, um, anyway, in all seriousness, have a great new year.
Do you have any final thoughts or listeners tonight?
Uh, watch community when it comes back.
It's my favorite show.
Your shirt is great, by the way.
The eight bit style.
I know that it's, it's from their web.
That's from the, the NBC website because it's a, it's an episode of
community, they're all in an eight bit game.
They need the journey to the center of Hawthorne, but they need
to just shop Chevy chase out.
Well, he already left the show, so that's the best thing.
Watch this season.
Cause you realize at the end, he's going to leave the show.
The worst part of the show is going to be gone.
Of course.
It's probably going to cancel too, but all right.
It's the last season's running by the way.
Oh, it wasn't planned last season.
No, it was this, the office and parks and rec, I think are the last season.
No, not yet.
So I've been official, it's over, but it's not official.
Yeah.
30 rock is the one that's on his last season, but yeah, they're, they're
running, they're going to run their Christmas show in like March or
something.
It's, it's going to be bad, but I still love it.
Uh, why is the civic vampire saying yay, community Annie's boobs, Annie's
boobs, hashtag, hashtag Annie's boobs.
I thought he was talking about your wife and I was going to be a little
defensive for you because you left chat.
Annie's boobs is the name of a monkey on community.
Don't talk about his wife's boobs like that.
All right.
Anyhow, got to watch the show.
Got to watch the show.
Boobs are monkeys.
What?
You guys are all lost because you need to watch this.
No, I don't watch lost.
If Reggie looks like a monkey, then he looks like boobs.
We're bringing that back.
Loki.
Your final thought tonight?
Uh, my final thought is I'm going to be busy in 2013.
Busy bebs.
Dark soccer.
Your final thought tonight?
Monkeys.
My final thought tonight is, um, you know, as I always say, help us
spread the word about our show, about VOG.
Word of mouth is all we got.
So tell a friend about what you heard here.
Thank you to everybody who has helped make this year a success.
Thank you to everybody who supported us through big changes.
Thank you to everybody who's continued to support us, uh, supported other
projects, supported other indie shows, even if it's like not even a VOG show.
If it's just like an indie show, thank you for supporting podcasting.
Cause some people try to say podcasting is dead.
And to that, I say, hell no.
As long as there is a microphone and a computer, nobody told me that.
I know I didn't get the memo.
So, uh, we'll be back to do it all again next year.
Episode 500 next year, you guys.
And maybe this by slim margins, although it's too likely, but
maybe win the podcast awards.
Oh yeah.
That's coming up soon too, but we didn't buy a ticket to the ceremony.
So I'm probably not going to win.
All right.
It's good to be nominated.
Yeah.
It's it's, it's great to be nominated.
It feels really good.
I'm in it to win it.
So buying a ticket gets you like how many more podcast award points to get there?
I'm not going to shade the whole thing.
It isn't, you know, it is what it is.
All right.
I, as long as an indie podcast wins, I will be happy and I'm
pretty sure one is going to win.
All right.
I'm in it to win it.
All right.
That's it.
We're done.
We're out.
Good night.
Have a wonderful week.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
