Orange Lounge Radio
Digital Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, December 9th, 2012, the Wii U is set to get a Google App, Nintendo blocks mature content during the day in one region, and could Idolmaster finally see a localized release?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with episode number 485 of our show for this December 9th, 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and gaming lulls with my co-hosts. Say hello first up to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Latke
How are you doing?
Latke
A lot of latkes
Yeah, we still have some left. I can make more.
Yum, yum, yum. DarkSakura was in the kitchen before the show tonight, and no, that's not a sexist joke. She was
I volunteered
Yes, she was cooking up some latkes for the holiday season, because it is Hanukkah.
Yup, it's the second night of Hanukkah.
Even though I am not Jewish myself, who am I to turn down food?
Right, and I give everybody Hanukkah presents.
And I say Mazel Tov! It was delicious.
I knew that Rob loves coffee, so I gave him and Allen a bunch of coffee.
Allen loves coffee too, that's important.
Well, I was like, what would they both like, so I got them crap tons of Keurig stuff.
Good times.
And I got, um, our other person in the room, um, gift cards.
Who I should introduce.
Including a Burger King gift card.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Yes, and thank you for that.
You're welcome.
I'm Jew by proxy, so.
Yeah, and I give everyone Hanukkah cards.
That's true.
You, you, okay, DarkSakura converted to Judaism, you know.
Yeah.
Uh, Loki married a Jew. Well, I don't, what's my connection? I have friends that are Jewish.
The last girl I ever knew was Jewish.
You know John.
There you go, John. I lived with John.
He's kind, he's not really Jewish.
I know he's not.
No, that's why I call him kind of Jewie.
You know.
I actually, and I really, I really do mean it, you know, I like all sorts of people that I've met in my life.
And you like their food.
I've met, like, I don't think I've ever met a Jewish person I didn't like really truly like.
Honestly, so.
Well, you know, we're also about to-
Now everybody's going to be like, oh, that's a challenge.
Let me introduce you to the worst person I know.
You know what?
We're now about two weeks away from the Alpacalypse.
Oh, yes. The whole Mayan calendar.
No, the Alpacalypse. When the wooly, long-necked creatures of the world will come and trample us all.
Is that a Weird Al song?
No.
Oh.
It should be.
Instead of-
I thought that was his album, was Alpacalypse.
Well, yeah, but no, it was Alpocalypse.
But no, there's a thing like where they're showing pictures of Alpacas and they're saying so many days to the Alpacalypse.
I've been laughing, so I want to have an Alpaca party.
You know, all I have to say is that how many times have they predicted the end of the world and it didn't happen?
So this is just one more to put in there.
I know.
When NASA has to come out and say, stop being depressed, the world is not going to end.
Your move next, world.
Anyhow, how are you, Techmaster Loki, in non-Armageddon news?
Good.
I've been constantly entering stuff on that steamgifts.com and obviously not winning anything.
Wait, what is this?
Steamgifts.com is basically a site you sign up for.
What happens is people give away steam codes on there.
So you enter raffles.
And so every time that someone puts a code up there, you get 5% of the points that that code's worth.
So each dollar, say it's a $5 code, it's, you know, 5 points.
You would get 1 point in your account.
So, like, I went in there earlier and I had 180-some.
And so I kept, you know, enter to win, enter to win all these things.
And then you come back a few days later, oh, he got more points.
And so you just keep entering stuff in there and you can, you know, put your own stuff up there if you want.
And then that'll give you contributing dollars in which you can go to certain ones they have locked out.
Okay, you have to have contributed $5 worth of steam codes to enter this drawing.
And it's a little easier to win because it's going to be more exclusive.
So you just do that.
But since it's free, I figured why not?
And you might win something, or in this case, not.
You might win spam, email, filling your box.
We always have the ever-present fourth guest on our show at the chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Because we do tape live, as we have for the past, coming up on 11 years every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
That's vognetwork.com.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, each and every single Sunday night.
And actdeft in our chat room tonight says steamgifts.com, where nobody ever wins anything.
Well, somebody does. It's just, it's very rare.
But better chances in the lottery.
Actdeft does follow that up with, I only won one game in like a thousand entries.
Well, that was, that was one game.
Still better odds in the lottery.
Better than Loki's done out of that, apparently.
Haven't aired a thousand times yet, but.
Rob, I want to promote something.
What? Sure.
I told you about it earlier. My new Tumblr.
Sure. Why not?
Just because I want, I want people to give me suggestions.
My Tumblr is massaffecting.tumblr.com.
And I'm doing this series called Lowell Effect, where I'm doing just all captions on Mass Effect screencaps.
And I want people to participate.
If you think of a good one, make it and send it to me, and I will post it.
Do you think maybe everybody's burned out on that by now?
No. No. No.
Cause you talk about it every week.
Cause that's the, that's what I'm getting on Twitter right now.
No.
Is I need to shut up about the series.
No.
Because I'm ruining it by talking about it so much.
No.
Why not?
No.
Garris.
All right.
Again, live.vognetwork.com.
Let's get into the kickoff topic tonight before we get into our gaming weeks and so forth.
What I wanted to talk about tonight was the VGAs.
Which, of course, happened on Friday night.
And I don't think any of us watched.
Well, that's not true, Jamie.
You saw bits and pieces of it, it sounds like.
Yeah, I was, okay.
I saw this gifset go, I wasn't gonna watch it all.
And then I saw this gifset go up on my Tumblr feed.
That was all, like, broshep and femshep playing multiplayer with Garris.
And I was like, okay, that's funny.
And so I found that the whole VGAs were streamed.
So I went looking through the stream to try to find it.
And I ended up watching bits and pieces of it.
Like, the Halo 4 thing was pretty funny.
And then I found the Mass Effect thing and I stopped caring about everything else.
I did watch the Claptrap one. It was pretty funny.
It was the little blips for, you know, best character of the year.
The Claptrap one was funny, I must admit.
But, no.
Shepherd was robbed, both of them.
I'm not gonna try to talk about or evaluate a show I didn't watch.
But just listening to Bobby, because he is before us, you know, every night, every Sunday night at VOG Network.
He was kind of talking about that it did seem like this year there was more stuff about the games.
There was less of the skits and kind of the, I guess for lack of a better term, dick and fart jokes.
And it did seem to be a little more about the games.
And certainly it's interesting that Walking Dead won.
I mean, you know, I'm not saying anything bad about the game.
I haven't played it, so I know no good or bad.
But I know a lot of people really love it.
And it has nothing to do with the OMG Zombies part of it, but just I guess the storytelling in the game is so good.
And you had another game that was kind of similar in some ways, Journey.
Which is one of those kind of very difficult to explain to somebody why it's so good.
But it's that whole, like, emotional connection.
So it's like, and Journey probably won, what, the second most awards besides Walking Dead.
So Emotion really seemed to connect with the audience this year.
The big bro games, like, what would be the bro games?
Halo 4, Call of Duty, Assassin's Creed, to some extent even Mass Effect, Jamie.
None of those games really got the same type of recognition this year.
Best RPG, hello!
That could be somewhat of a, I mean, I don't know, what does it mean?
I mean, at the end of the day, what do the VGAs really mean anyway?
But I guess you could say it is some of the critics and respected people in the industry coming together to make this decision.
So, you know, it's a little more than one site because it's kind of a collective.
Does the choice of the awards this year and the way it's all presented mean that they're taking this more seriously?
Any thoughts? No?
I'm yelling at Dan in chat room. Dan is in chat.
I just think that they need to have Samuel Jackson hosted each year because he's pretty funny.
Well, they've been doing that.
Well, he's only hosted four times out of ten years, so, you know.
But it's like the last four years, hasn't it?
In the best four years.
I did like him replacing Cortana and yelling at the people. I'm like,
Cortana should have yelled at them. That was awesome.
And then I was like, oh, wait, Garrus.
Who ended up beating Jennifer Hale for the voice?
I don't know. I didn't care.
I know. It looked from, oh, somebody from Walking Dead.
Yeah.
Again, I can't evaluate a game I have not played, so I have nothing good nor bad, but I hear a lot of good things.
And I will play it before the end of the year.
Mark Meer wasn't nominated, was he?
He wasn't even nominated, no.
Yeah, because he wasn't all that great.
But...
Okay, I will...
He's fine.
You know what? He got better the more he did it.
Like practice.
But Jennifer Hale...
She was dead on from the start.
It's not even just femshep. I'm just talking about her as an actress and all the crap she's done.
She's great.
And her Carol Danvers makes me a little, you know, warm.
There you go. Thank you.
The chatters filling in the gap there.
It was Clementine from the Walking Dead, Melissa Hutchinson.
And I understand...
Yeah, she's not bad.
I don't even...
Again, I haven't played the game, but I recognize that name as one that people talk a lot about on Twitter.
So I can clearly see that, okay, you know.
And I say, you know what, Dark Sakura?
Let Clementine have her moment in the sun.
Mass Effect, they're on their third game.
And it's had its recognition in the past.
Let Clementine have her moment.
I do have to say that I love that...
And not just as a Garrus fangirl.
But I do like that Garrus was up there, you know, playing multiplayer with them during the little thing.
Oh, the little skit.
It was hilarious.
I was like, yeah.
So...
Alright.
If it had to be anybody, it must be Garrus.
And just so you know, the best human male voice was Damian Clark from Borderlands 2 or Handsome Jack.
That's awesome.
Yeah, that's the little bits and pieces I've heard.
Yeah, yeah.
Doesn't the male award seem to go to villains more often than heroes?
Oh my god, Mark Hamill, thank you.
Win the award for the Joker last year.
Mark Hamill's awesome.
But that was also the last time he's voicing the Joker ever.
Unless you give him more money.
I doubt it.
Well, you think about people having to do a voice like that that's so different from their regular voice.
It's gonna actually take a physical toll on someone.
They're gonna have to do another Arkham game at some point, though.
So it'll be interesting to see how they frame it, you know?
Alright.
Anything else on the VGAs anyone wishes to comment on?
You need to watch that clip, it was hilarious.
I'll take a look at some point.
Or Lands 2.
And if anybody wants to see it, it's on my tumblr, mass effecting dot tumblr dot com.
Plug, plug, cheap plug.
Well no, the reason is because Viacom blocked it on YouTube.
Gunstar in our chat room, who could that be?
That's Dan.
No doubt commenting on the awards I was just talking about says,
evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Well put.
Although, my hubby is awesome because he said Garrus does sound like a boss though.
His voice actor is kind of a goofy looking guy and if you ever watched the episode of Buffy he was in,
his awesome voice does not suit his face.
It is kind of nice when your significant other will make a concession towards your fandom, isn't it?
Yes.
If he, you know.
Has Nelly ever made any concessions towards your fandoms, Loki?
No, we had a discussion today about like,
I'm like, so what exactly, you know, what do you think?
I'm like, I don't know, garbage.
It's like, my point exactly.
And then in the case of Alan and I, we really do like a lot of the same stuff.
I mean, he's way more into Half-Life than I am, but I don't like dislike it at all.
When I played it, it was, you know, the little bits I have played, I've enjoyed.
I just haven't sat down and played the whole thing, so we don't really have that same conflict.
I'm sure there's something, there's something I'm not thinking of.
He's, you know what, my Rocky Horror thing and my cult movie thing,
he's been a good sport about coming out to see those and support that, so.
It's always nice when your significant other will buy into fandoms and so forth.
Alright, I guess let's get into our gaming weeks
and the types of games we have been playing this week.
Raginator in chat says,
What are the odds of Mass Effect and Garrus winning every award if Dark Sakura hosted an award show?
Shut up, don't judge me.
Don't judge me.
This is why we don't host one.
Don't judge me.
We should do a fun year-end show again this year though, but anyway.
Mass Effect all the things.
No, no.
And pumpkin.
No. I don't even, will Mass Effect 3 win our game of the year? Question mark, question mark.
It may not. I still have some games I need to play.
Mass Effect all the things.
Alright, Dark Sakura, tell us about your gaming week as if I need to ask.
I played Mass Effect 3.
And Faerie Solitaire.
God, that game is awful. I love it.
But for the past three weeks in a row, you've talked about your Faerie Solitaire.
You keep saying it's awful, but it's clearly not.
It's stupidly addicting. It's like playing on, remember back in the day when Neopets was big?
Now that was awful.
Yeah, but you remember the stupid card games on Neopets?
Yeah.
And they were like kind of addicting?
Is Neopets still around? They have to be still around.
I'll check. I wonder if I still have my damn account.
Didn't they sell Neopets shit at Claire's for some time?
Yes, they did.
Oh my god. Did you ever walk into a Claire's just to buy Neopets stuff? Be honest.
Someone that we both know has.
Who hosts another show.
Oh, okay, okay. Interesting.
I'm a witness to this.
You know what? I can't judge. I can't judge.
I can judge.
People have bought World of Warcraft cards. I can't judge.
Someone bought a Mass Effect 2 deck of cards.
And, wow.
You?
Yes.
And, wow. Lo and behold, the Joker card was Joker.
Everybody has their thing.
No, I have not turned into a My Little Pony fan because there is nothing that is awesome as the old one.
The old one kicked ass. The new one is stupid.
Alright, so.
I'm judging you all.
Anything else for your week besides Mass Effect and Harry Solitaire?
I watched Dan play, I'm sorry, Sega Racing Classic.
And he put it in karaoke mode and started singing Let's Fry Sky High.
I saw the pictures on his Facebook, and maybe I shouldn't be talking about your husband's Facebook on my radio show, but oops.
Of somebody, either a friend of the family or somebody in your family, sitting in the little cart playing Daytona USA.
What was that all about?
Sega. That was Dan's cousin's daughter.
Okay. Well, I mean, you didn't have to tell me who. I'm just like, what was the whole?
It's Sophie. She's cute.
What was the whole occasion?
I don't know. I wasn't there.
Oh.
I was hanging with Becky that night.
I assumed you were. My bad.
I was out on a booze buying spree.
Lots of Bailey's and Hypnotic and Kahlua and Sake.
And then Becky dyed my hair, and then we made fun of people.
It looked like a nice setup.
Actually, Becky dyed my hair and played Mass Effect 2.
Which Xbox Mass Effect 2.
It is not that bad. Don't listen to her.
It's fine.
The film grain is awful.
That's the problem.
Yeah, but she turned it off and either, like, either her TV's contrast is up too high or the textures are just really bad.
Don't listen to her. It's fine.
All right, Loki.
Girl.
Tell us about a different game.
I played Far Cry 3 this week. Actually, a little bit more in the campaign.
And it's fantastic.
I was hunting dingos last night.
There will be no baby eating in my watch.
And let's see. What else did I do?
I played a bit of Minecraft this week.
I've been working on getting the VoG network arena, the mob arena, done.
And it is working right now.
The classes are still kind of a work in progress.
I'm still balancing things because it's fucking hard, okay?
Even with just a few people, we've only managed to get to wave 20 out of 100.
And I had to scale down.
The first boss is a chicken.
It's actually a pretty retarded chicken because it fires fireballs.
But I'd say about 95% of the fireballs it actually fires hit itself.
And so if you just, like, stand back for a while, it'll eventually kill itself.
Which is kind of funny, but before it had way too much health.
Because you can set the health to different levels.
And I had it set to psycho health because it's a chicken, you know, whatever.
It doesn't have a lot of health.
I didn't realize, though, the way it calculates it.
It's like the minimum health is like 100 or something.
And then it's, you know, time plus, you know, what was it?
The number of players plus one times 40 for psychos.
So this thing had like 16,000 hearts of health.
So we were literally beating it with a stick for, I'd say, 20 minutes.
And it still wasn't dead.
And it was just like, okay, I think this is a little too powerful.
So I had to tweak all that stuff.
But we have a bunch of cool classes in there.
My friend wanted me to make a pimp class, so I made a pimp class.
So you have a pimp stick that you can beat things with.
You have your variety of hoes that you can use that have different abilities.
You know, because the game has hoes in it.
And what else?
There's a wolf master that you have wolves that attack things.
And I have a miner class.
And there's a class that's, you know, like a golem class that you can build iron golems with.
Although, no wait, I had that class, but then the iron golems did no damage to anything.
So I had to remove that.
Ninjas, you know, lots of fun stuff.
But it gets hard.
I mean, it's just, it's insanely hard.
But it's kind of fun.
So I'm still balancing that stuff.
Probably working on that a little bit this week.
But some good times, though, so far.
And hitstunninchat at live.vognetwork.com wants to know,
are we getting world edit back?
Yeah, sorry, I've been messing with the permissions stuff.
Yeah, you will have world edit back soon.
As soon as I fix that.
Because I took everything out to figure out why the mob arena wasn't working.
And in the process I kind of removed some of the permissions thing.
I may put it back in the permissions bucket the way I had it before.
Because B permissions is kind of weird.
So I'll eventually fix that again.
Alright.
And then Call of Duty.
Just Modern Warfare 3 and Black Ops 2, a little bit of each.
Mostly Modern Warfare 3.
Because we were supposed to be getting copies to do LAN stuff with.
But those never came from Activision.
And at this point I don't think they are coming.
So I'm not buying copies for everybody.
So fuck that.
So I'll play it with my friend.
And I think that's all I've played this week.
Wait, no, there's one other thing.
What the hell did I play this week?
There's one other game I played.
Nah, it's probably not important.
My gaming week, as I've talked about before on the show.
I did pre-order the Mass Effect trilogy on PlayStation.
And it came...
Whatever. You'd buy it too if you...
Actually, no. With the reasons that... I'll let you finish.
Well, here's the thing.
I got the game and it's fine.
But it was a little... I'm doing my playthrough again.
I haven't done a complete playthrough of the Mass Effect series.
I know I've talked about the game a lot.
And it's because I really enjoy the multiplayer.
It's kind of what's been keeping me afloat.
This is the first time I've really sat down to replay the entire series.
So I'm doing it this time as Renegade.
It's the first time I did it at Paragon.
And already I'm just seeing such differences in the story.
But I'm playing through the first game.
I'm playing it on PlayStation.
And if you guys didn't know, this is the first time
the original Mass Effect has been on the PlayStation 3.
This is the first time. And what? The game's five years old.
Because Microsoft had an exclusive on it for however many years.
So they're just now bringing it out.
So with all this time to release it and get it right,
you'd think it would be bug-free.
But unfortunately that wasn't the case.
I've been running into quite a few bugs that are not fun.
Well, they're not game-breaking.
So I can't complain too much.
But characters facing the wrong way in dialogue scenes.
Just weird.
Complete parts skipping.
But when I load my game in place...
So they're facing the wrong direction?
I have to ask you a question!
Yeah, facing the complete wrong way.
I only had one thing ever like that happen on the PC version
for Mass Effect 3.
And that's when you're talking to Liara and Glyph is in the room.
And if Shepard looks at Glyph,
then she doesn't look back at Liara at all.
But that's only for that one conversation.
Now, Shane's been telling me though that he's been playing the trilogy
because they got it too and that he's fine.
They haven't seen any of the problems I've been complaining about.
So, I don't know.
Maybe it's because I was downloading the Ni No Kuni demo
in the background while I was playing Mass Effect.
So...
Which, by the way, I didn't get to that demo yet.
Sorry, don't ask me because I haven't played it yet.
But yeah, I played a little bit of that.
Besides the bugs, the game itself is still great,
but I would still say the best version is either going to be 360 or PC
depending on if you're a console or PC.
Actually, for the first game, the PC is the superior version.
It really is.
Because they made the hacking thing is much better
and just the Mako stuff is not as frustrating.
No, no, no. First game, all the Medi-Gel.
Not the Medi-Gel, the Omni-Gel all the time.
Or whatever that stuff was.
Let's see, other games I've been playing.
I got from my rental service, Silent Hill Book of Memories on the PSP.
So, I was checking that out a little bit.
I haven't really gotten much further than the original demo,
so I can't really say anything in addition to the demo I've already played.
So...
But I don't hate it.
But it isn't really Silent Hill either.
Somebody slapped Silent Hill on a dungeon crawler game.
That's what it is.
Oh, I was going to say, yeah. See, that was the thing.
I was like, oh, maybe I'll try this and stuff.
And then I looked at the back of the box and it had the screenshots.
I'm like, what is a top-down third-person game?
Nope.
I like Alan's comment.
Mass Effect 3 still has the exorcism neck bug, which is hilarious.
Trainer gets it a lot.
Yeah, it's like they're looking completely over their shoulder.
I get it the most with Javik.
Let me put it this way.
When I played the series on 360, I don't remember ever seeing a bug
until the Omega DLC.
Omega DLC was the first time I saw bugs in the 360 version.
So just put it out there.
Oh, by the way, just in case you're curious,
the PlayStation 3 version of Mass Effect 1 is based off the 360 version,
not the PC version.
The hacking game is the whole button-pushing thing,
not the arrow through the circular lock thing that the PC has.
So...
Interesting.
We've talked enough about that game here on this program,
so I'm just putting it out there,
that I do have the trilogy on PlayStation,
and it's just called Being a Fan and Buying All the Things.
You know what?
What?
The problem is, okay, you know I started off playing it on 360
and it hurt my hand.
I'm not going to go get another version of a game I've already got on PC
when I love my PC version and I can make my Shepard blue.
Just saying.
I was curious about some of the differences,
and especially multiplayer on 3, I wanted to have on the PlayStation controller.
Research for the show, Rob.
Yes, research for the show.
And it's not like I'm going to get a free copy, so might as well.
Might as well.
All right, that's it for our gaming week.
So we'll get into gaming news after I mention housekeeping,
twitter.com slash o-l-r, and of course our Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And Dark Soccer's yelling from the kitchen,
I'll have to make another pector and break.
I grabbed one earlier.
They're so good.
They're not good for you.
Why do we keep eating them?
Potatoes and potassium.
Then Alan's going to get home and be like,
you spoiled dinner.
I'm going to make him a whole big thing of them, okay?
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki.
All right, so there is another game that's receiving a nomination for Grammy.
That wonderful game would be Journey.
And the soundtrack of the game is, I guess,
nominated for best score soundtrack for visual media.
And I guess the nominees so far, Journey,
The Adventures of Tin Tin, The Artist,
Dark Knight Rises, and let's see,
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and Hugo.
So that would be pretty cool if it won.
I mean, the soundtrack in the game was pretty awesome.
And you may remember, of course, Civ IV won that award, I guess,
was that last year?
Yeah, it was last year.
Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalists.
That was an interesting scenario.
I mean, that song's great.
Love Baba Yetu.
I mean, who doesn't?
And that's not just my Civ IV fandom coming into play.
I really do love that song.
But that was a weird situation because even though, yes,
it was the song from the video game,
it wasn't until he put it on his album,
because he had that whole album that he did,
and then that was nominated for the award from the album.
So that's why Civ IV came out in, what, 2008, question mark?
No, earlier than that.
God, Civ IV was probably like 06 or 07.
10 was Civ IV, the console version, so I don't know.
Yeah, no, it was a ways before that.
I want to say Civ IV was what they were pimping at my first or second E3.
So it was a while ago that Civ IV came out.
And, yeah, so it took a little while.
And I'm not belittling that achievement by any means.
That's an amazing thing, the amazing piece of work by Christopher Ten,
and so happy that he got acknowledged for that.
But this is interesting because now this is music that was made for the game,
released on the game soundtrack,
an entire body of work dedicated to the game getting nominated for the Grammy.
And certainly that's, you know, it's like we dipped our toe in with Baba Yetu,
and now we're starting to put the whole foot in by nominating a game soundtrack.
And in reality, this is almost as good as it gets.
I mean, video game soundtrack songs are not going to really get nominated
for song of the year unless you have something on the caliber of the Titanic song,
was the only, like, the last soundtrack song I can think of that got nominated
for a song of the year Grammy.
So, I mean, we're long, long away from that.
But being up there with all those films, that's an awesome achievement.
So now the question, is he going to win?
I don't know.
I know. It's hard to say. We're not really in the music industry,
so certainly it's got to be getting him a little more exposure, though,
than the competition.
But at the same time, the artist won the Grammy, didn't it?
Or the artist, excuse me, the artist won the Oscar, didn't it?
So it's, you know.
I don't know.
I don't know if that really ties in.
Just because it won the Oscar doesn't mean, you know, I'm going to win for music.
That's very true. You never know what will happen.
It's a different body of voters, and you never know.
There might be some people like us that kind of look at it and go,
yeah, video games should be getting more recognition,
or there'll be people that react quite the opposite.
It just really depends on who's voting on those.
So, Black Wolf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
it won't win.
It's flat out, it won't win.
But this is what we wanted.
I don't know if not winning is what we wanted,
but yes, I don't think that's what he's trying to say.
I think he's trying to say the acknowledgement next to the film scores
is what we wanted.
And yes, I think to some extent that is what we want.
Could they possibly have a separate category for game soundtracks someday?
Could they be getting confused with Journey the game and Journey the band?
Dude, I love Journey.
They should totally get nominated for best soundtrack score.
Probably not.
I don't think Journey's been nominated for a Grammy since 82.
That's why they need to score the next Tron movie.
All right.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
Don't stop light speeding.
This one's about a comment from Gabe Newell on living room PCs,
which I want to preface this story.
You were showing me before the show, Loki, this big screen mode in Steam,
which I got to be honest, I haven't played a lot with,
but you were showing it to me.
And in a nutshell, it does turn your Steam environment
into a Xbox-style UI that takes up your full monitor space.
It doesn't look like Windows anymore.
It looks nice, I think.
Yeah, I like the ability that it basically,
since it is catered towards using a joystick, which is fine,
that you can sort your games based on joystick support,
whether the games have it or not, which is kind of cool.
The thing I wish they would add,
and maybe this is something that they can add later on,
is those games that do not support joysticks,
maybe have it where you can have some sort of in-Steam client app
or something like that, where you can set up almost like an X-PAD-er type thing,
where you can assign keys to the joystick buttons,
and then that way you can have a profile for each thing.
Because a lot of these games, and actually it's funny,
because Arma 2 is one that supports the joystick,
and I thought that was one that didn't support the Xbox game pad.
I was like, huh, that already does, so sweet.
And it's not like a wireless keyboard to use as a controller
for a game console is unheard of.
I mean, Final Fantasy XI?
Yeah. But see, the thing is, as I was looking at it,
I'm like, you know, that would not be that...
It wouldn't be that weird to actually...
You know, this whole...
Everyone's kind of talking about Doom and Gloom
with the next console cycle and stuff.
Not that it's ever gonna happen, but if it went the way where,
oh, we're gonna lock all this stuff down,
you're not gonna be able to sell used games and stuff like that,
would playing on PC be that bad?
No, I don't think it would be that bad, actually.
If it's all going through Steam,
it seems very convenient for me.
And honestly, the vast majority of the games I have on Steam
I have not played yet.
And it just keeps adding to the list, but I keep getting things for it.
But I have quite a collection that it would be kind of cool to have
a gaming PC hooked up to my TV to play stuff like that.
Well, that is where Gabe Newell thinks things are going,
meaning that those types of living room PCs
are going to be big competition for the next-gen gaming cycle.
This is in an interview with Kotaku at the VGAs,
because, you know, Gary Newell was there.
Was that what she called him? Gary Newell? Something like that.
Kind of messed up. There's a clip somewhere,
one of the interviewees called him the wrong name.
You're Gabe from Penny Arcade, right?
Gabe Do-Well.
She apologized for it.
Cousin of Dudley Do-Right.
She apologized for it on Twitter.
And I gotta say, you know, live TV sucks sometimes, especially, you know.
It can be a lot of pressure, so I shouldn't give her too hard of a time,
but obviously she's going to get yelled at for that mistake.
But anyway, Gabe Newell doing his thing on the red carpet at the VGAs,
talking to Kotaku, talking about that the big picture interface
ended up being stronger than expected.
Next, they want Steam Linux out of beta.
They want big picture on that operating system.
This gives Valve flexibility in developing their own hardware.
That's true.
He says he expects companies to start selling PC packages for living rooms next year.
They already are. I mean, look at Alienware.
I mean, it's vastly expensive, but you-
Look at Ouya.
Ouya is a bare-ass bones type of living room PC.
But it's that same setup as you would see with big picture mode.
In fact, the interface looks kind of similar,
although I do like big picture a little bit.
But from what I've seen, we obviously don't know what the Ouya looks like,
although we're not that far away.
I mean, and that Ouya thing, man, is smaller than this box right here,
my four-pack of Red Bulls.
Gabe Newell said in the interview,
quote, I think in general that most customers and most developers
are going to find that the PC is a better environment for them
because they won't have to split the world into thinking about,
why are my friends in the living room,
why are my video sources in the living room different from everyone else?
So in a sense, we hopefully are going to unify those environments.
Hmm.
I don't know.
The unification thing is interesting.
I think in a way that's what the consoles kind of want to be,
that all-in-one device, and you do see that, like,
360 tries to talk to Windows Media and all that sharing.
And even the PlayStation 3, you can kind of stream things off your PC and so forth.
It's not exactly intuitive on either one how to do it.
I think if a lot of that was built a little more into the interfaces,
you'd see a lot more of that.
I think they make it too many clicks to get to a lot of that stuff within the consoles.
I think it's interesting.
I think it definitely lends something to the fact of,
if they sold a little gaming PC in a box that looked like a console,
hooked up to your TV like a console, ran like a console,
why would I need a console?
Price point, because I think console prices,
it's going to be hard to build a gaming PC for $400
that can run all of these games and look nice.
I mean, granted, you can build a $400 gaming PC,
but it's not going to run a lot of these games in higher ultra and stuff.
And if you're streaming to your TV via HDMI,
I mean, you're talking like a really large resolution,
I mean, 1080p.
So it's going to be a little hard to make them look that nice
and run on that big of a resolution.
That's the only thing.
That's why consoles kind of,
I mean, granted, a lot of the games get stripped down a bit,
but that's the thing with PCs and like hell,
I spent $1,700 on my PC a few years ago,
and it was just like this high-end thing.
It ran Crysis pretty awesome.
And then now it's just junk.
It's just like I can't even upgrade it without replacing everything.
There's nothing I can salvage from it except for the case,
maybe the heat sinks, but everything else is just, it's so old.
Well, I find the part where he talks about how Linux,
the steam on Linux has to get better
so that they can kind of develop a box that supports Linux and so forth.
That strikes me as interesting
because why do video game consoles usually work the way they do?
Because they're dedicated gaming consoles.
They don't have all this excess fat for all the other things that a PC does.
But the interesting thing about Linux is that, as I understand it,
part of the reason people are such fans of Linux
is that it's a lean operating system,
and it doesn't have all the fat that Windows has with it.
That's what I'm running on my netbook.
Would that be a fair statement about Linux?
I'd say so.
You've got the control that Windows lacks.
So they want to use a better operating system, essentially,
to do a dedicated thing, which makes sense,
but could it be as powerful as a dedicated gaming console?
I don't know. You make a good point.
Do you expect that a little set-top box is going to do this 1080p?
It probably won't.
Granted, a lot of the games on Steam, aside from the big console,
the big triple-A games, like the indie games,
a lot of the indie games don't require a lot of processing power,
I think, that you would need on some of these higher-end games.
But there are those higher-end games that they're also on Steam,
and a lot of those are the ones that support the controllers.
So it's going to be hard.
Granted, a lot of this stuff is going to come down in cost,
and you could probably build something a little bit cheaper,
but I think it's going to be difficult for them to come up with something
that you can fit in a box small enough.
I mean, because you also have to worry about heat and everything,
fitting it into a console-sized box.
It's going to be a lot of engineering to get it right.
Akuma JP in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
What's wrong with being a chubby?
There is nothing wrong with being a little fluffy.
You'll notice in that whole thing I just talked about,
I didn't say I was going to throw out my Windows PC.
No, I mean, there's still things that I'll want one of those for.
Well, I just want to take a quick look real quick.
The Alienware one, remember, they have their console thing?
I was just, you know, an idea.
So it's the X51 mini gaming desktop,
and the base price, because it's from Dell,
the base price you can pay for that is $699.
So $700 for this.
$699 U.S., $699 U.S.
And here's what you get for $699.
It's a Core i3, which, I mean, that's not going to run some high-end stuff there.
You get 6GB of RAM, you know, a 1TB hard drive,
Geforce 640 GT, which is a pretty good graphics card.
It's not the top, top, top of the line.
But, you know, the Core i3 is really going to hurt it, I think.
I don't know, it just seems quite expensive to build something with that form factor.
Obviously, you don't need to pay Alienware to do it.
You can build your own smaller PCs for probably a lot cheaper than that.
You know what computer I'm hooking up to my TV as soon as I can?
A Commodore 64. And I gotta say, tangent time,
to Alan's credit, he told me that he was trying to get me a Commodore 64 for Christmas,
but it's probably not going to come through.
Because he tried to do an eBay auction, and it's outside of his price range or whatever.
But I was like, damn, that would have been awesome!
Dude, you just need to go down to the Danaios or something like that.
I don't think I don't look every time I go to see if one's up there.
You have to make sure it works.
I actually do go by the thrift stores and keep an eye open, too.
Well, my parents supposedly still have our old one, and my dad's kept it all these years,
and it might still work, so I said I want them to find it.
I don't even know when I'm going to play on it, that's the thing.
I just fucking want one, okay?
There's plenty of Commodore 64 games I could play.
I'll play Donkey Kong the way I remember it.
I didn't go to the arcades or have Nintendo that age.
I played Donkey Kong on Commodore 64.
Cliquavision.
There you go.
There you go.
Gunstar in chat says, the Commodore 64, it's really neato.
What kind of chip you got in there, a Dorito?
Yeah, Weird Al.
I did tell him, and this is advice for anybody that might be looking for this retro-tastic machine,
don't forget that there's also the Commodore 64C, which is totally fine.
It's smaller and has white keys.
It's like PS Mini and PS2 or whatever.
Same type of thing.
And then there was the Commodore 128, which had 64 mode.
128s are totally fine.
Just throwing it out there.
Everybody get robbed of a Commodore 64.
Gunstar reminds us the C64 version of Donkey Kong was rad.
It was because it had the Pie Factory level.
Yes.
Which is really supposed to be a cement factory or something, but it's pies.
It was the Pie Factory.
I know what you mean.
But I will say that looks-wise, the Cliquavision version was really good.
For a Cliquavision.
Hey, the Cliquavision of Mouse Trap was the best one ever.
Alright, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
More news.
Ugh, Rob.
Less Cliquavision.
Something more current.
How about Nintendo being butthead?
So, you know what you can't do, at least according to Nintendo of Europe?
You cannot access 18 related content at certain times of the day.
In fact, you get a little message that says,
You can't do this.
Meh.
It actually, one of the NeoGaf users actually had the issue and contacted
Nintendo of Italy's customer support and got this message.
Dear customer, we would like to let you know that Nintendo has always aimed
to offer gameplay experiences suited to all age groups.
Observing carefully the relevant regulations regarding content
access that are present in the various European countries.
We have thus decided to restrict the access to content which is unsuitable
to minors, Peggy, to the 11 p.m. to 3 a.m. time window.
I feel like in that same voice you should be saying,
For English, press one.
Para español, marque numero dos.
That was your very polite little operator noise there.
Except this is like Nintendo of Europe, so maybe I should have affected
a really bad British accent.
Dear customer, we would like to thank you that...
No. Sorry.
Now that makes me think of that South Park episode with the Worcestershire sauce.
You know when I called it water shower sauce?
So, it's like, you've got to be up all night to download anything.
Meh.
It's like, ugh, whatever Nintendo.
I don't know if they've done this crap here though.
Have they?
No. Yeah.
So, I guess Nintendo really doesn't like Europe.
Unless they want to give them RPGs that we want.
I don't think it's because Nintendo doesn't like Europe, Jamie.
I think it's some type of...
They don't like Italy.
My gut would say it's a law thing, but I'm like, I don't think there is a law.
Is it a culture thing?
It's a cover your ass type of thing, which is all Nintendo ever does.
You know, and I think they would have tried to do it here too,
except I think Reggie probably put his foot down or shoved up someone's ass
and said no.
It's weird because I want to come out and say this isn't bad.
Hold on, I'm doing a search.
But it is bad because I should be able to get what I want.
It's not bad if it only comes on when you have parental controls on.
Then that's a great idea.
This would be a great idea for parental controls.
Although, honestly, why would you want your kids using the shop unattended anyway?
Well, they can let kids drink wine, but they can't see boobs or blood.
But you don't have boobs in video game.
In fact, in Europe's culture, boobs are a little less...
Yeah, because America is freaking backwards.
Well, exactly.
So violence is much more of a thing over there.
So maybe that's the difference because we're so desensitized
through a lot of the movies like Saw and all that shit,
which is taboo over there.
Maybe that's the difference.
You know what? I think everyone needs to get over it.
Well, here's my thing.
I wonder if this was kind of a shock for the third parties that are involved in this
because if you think about it, why am I going to put my game on your marketplace
if you're going to limit the sale to only four hours out of a 24-hour day?
Brilliant question.
SSJ 100, Matt.
In all reality, yes.
I would love to know what the third parties have to say about it.
Who, by the way, sent me a Hanukkah card. SSJ 100, Matt.
My first one of the year.
Oh, go ahead. Sorry.
I was going to say, he actually says parental controls are hard for parents,
especially stupid ones.
But, I mean, they shouldn't...
They have this stuff in place.
They don't need to do this time thing as well.
And that doesn't stop anybody.
That's about as effective as an age gate, okay?
On a video. That's all it is.
Oh, I can't...
You know, a person that knows about Assassin's Creed 3...
First off, you'd have to be...
No offense, but I think you're going to have to be a complete idiot
to go download this game to your console instead of going to buy it retail.
I don't know why you'd do that unless, I guess, you're under the age or something like that.
And your parents really don't want to buy it for you.
Although, in which case, I say go to eBay.
So, I don't understand why you would want to download it to your console in the first place.
And then, on top of that...
I mean, fuck.
This person that knows about, you know, these games
is probably most likely going to be able to read most of the blogs out there on the internet
and go, hey, well, all I do is download this at 11 p.m.
And they download it at 11 p.m.
Kids shouldn't be using this parent's credit card on the store at any hour of the day.
And you know whose problem that is?
Their parents.
And that's whose problem it should always be.
Their parents.
I mean, here's the thing. They may not be using their card.
They may be buying, you know, a prepaid card at a store, you know, and putting it in that way.
All right.
So, there's ways around everything.
But once again, there's ways around everything.
So, why limit it?
Okay, and I know the comment about parental controls being hard earlier was said in jest or a joke or whatever.
But seriously, when you first turn on the Wii U, the first time you're going through the initial setup,
there is a question.
Do you wish to enable parental controls? Yes or no?
So, all the parent has to do is be there when their $400 machine is turned on for the first time.
And I'm pretty sure if this is like any other Nintendo console or device that comes with it.
$300, excuse me.
Like, four, like, thick fucking manuals that probably tell you how to set up, you know, parental controls if you really wanted to.
And if your kids aren't getting some sort of prepaid card, where the fuck are they getting the money to buy this?
Let's just say it's maybe like, I don't know, it's just stupid.
It's basically saying, oh, well, you know, we made this hardcore console that's really only available for, you know, children is what we've marketed this console to.
I mean, they're like, oh, yeah, we want this console for the grownups.
This is going to have hardcore games.
Oh, but sorry, you're not going to be able to play those hardcore games because this console is really just for children.
Breakman in our chat says censorship is a fucking bitch-ass whore slut.
You know what it is?
Correct.
It's just that these violent game trailers and games on the internet are very disturbing to elderly people who, thankfully, do not stay up past 11.
Although...
If they all just magically fall asleep right before 11.
Although, that's why, that's why, though, that it only goes till 3.
Because a lot of them do wake up quite early in the morning, so it's that 11 to 3 period that most elderly people are asleep.
That's why they're hiding this.
It's not because of the kids.
It's the elderly people.
VX JasonXV in chat wants to throw out a theory, and it's a good one, so let me throw it out there.
Nintendo is classified as a media service.
TV.
And now they have TV with VII.
TV.
And now they have to abide by TV laws, which restricts content into those hours in some countries.
Not a bad thought.
Is this because Nintendo is not treating itself as a game device anymore?
Because remember, they make their own fucking rules.
It's not an X-Gen system, it's a Nintendo-Gen system.
And this is now a television.
I don't think so, because look at the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
I'd say they have as many, if not more, streaming content on there than Nintendo.
It's just, why would you restrict the rules, you know, to one console and not the others?
I just, I think this is just something Nintendo is doing on their own.
I don't think this is anything that they're forcing them to do, because why aren't they forcing the other guys to do the same thing?
It's the Nintendo ass hattery, it's what they do.
I don't know if it's ass hattery, but it's very throwing the baby out with the bathwater, which we've seen Nintendo do so many times before, like friend codes.
Friend codes was set up to protect, you know, kids, and we all had to suffer for it.
It's the same dumb decision that screwed that up that's screwing this up.
Thank God it didn't happen here.
Although at the same time, do you really need to download ZombiU online, like just go to the store and buy it or get it on Amazon?
Seriously, just wait, or yeah, I mean Amazon, there's a perfect way, I mean you can do that.
A lot of, I just, I don't know, I don't think, what would be the point of downloading this stuff to your console?
I just, I don't know, for that type of stuff, unless you're like, you know, Steam, I understand, because a lot of times I buy stuff on sale,
and so, okay, that makes sense, I want to download this, and it's only available digitally, because a lot of PC games aren't available at the market.
But, a console game, I just don't see why I would need to, unless I'm getting some really great discount on it, why I would...
I'll throw this out there, for what it's worth, you don't have to pay tax on them right now.
I mean, technically you do, you have to report that to the state and your taxes at the end of the year, but let's be real, who's doing that?
So, you get them tax free.
That's not that much of a savings.
And you get the 10% kickback from Nintendo if you have a Wii Deluxe, or Wii U Deluxe, which most people probably do, that have the Wii U right now.
I just, I don't think that would be much of a motivator for me.
Just saying, that is something.
And you get it right now, well, an hour from now when it finishes downloading.
I'm probably more than that.
Faster than Amazon.
Alright, let's move on with some more news, Loki.
Alright, so the Wii U has sold 425,000 units in the U.S. after being out there for a week.
So, compare that to some of the other systems, I believe, the Xbox 360 and PS3, and the original...
Well, the original Wii, I want to say, sold only 300,000 units during that same time period.
The original Wii, I think they say in that same article, is 475.
475?
Well, yeah, it sold 475 in its first week, but I'm talking about actually now.
Like, I think it sold only, I think it was 300,000 units or something like that.
It was still pretty high.
And of course, the Xbox 360, I think it was three quarters of a million, and I want to say the PS3 was like five or something like that.
So, I guess that's pretty good.
Here's my thing, though.
And this is unlike, you know, the Wii.
So, you remember with the Wii, the whole reason was shortages on this stuff.
Last I checked, I went to the store, like, I went to Walmart one day, and I was like,
you know what, I'm just gonna go walk down Electronics Island, see what they've got as far,
let's see if they have any Wii U's, just see if they've finally gotten stock.
And there was a stack of ten Wii U's.
No, it wasn't like, oh, people are clamoring to get this stuff.
It was just sitting there, no one gave a shit.
And same with, like, you go on, like, GameStop, and you can do a search of their inventories and stuff like that.
And I'd say about the majority, well, all of them had some stock on them, and some of them had quite a bit of stock on them.
So, I know that they were doing more to replenish them, but I'm thinking that the demand on this isn't as high as they had hoped.
I mean, yeah, $425,000 sounds awesome, but is that gonna dip off really fast, because they're just sitting there now?
I don't know. I don't know. I think it's still too soon to tell.
I think we need to see what the entire holiday season looks like, and we need to see what the Fury looks like after the holidays.
Like, was it just a holiday thing, or is it still in demand in January and February?
But you know what it's gonna take to keep that demand going? Games!
And we've got... Pikmin?
In March.
Wii U games? Let me refresh my memory right here.
Wii U games, we've got, um...
30 Great Games? What's that game with the bear?
Family Party, 30 Great Games, Arcade, or Obstacle Arcade.
Tell me you've seen the Miiverse stuff for the 30 Great Games stuff.
Oh my god. Miiverse is becoming more and more like one of the most genius things to happen in gaming ever.
And I'm not giving Nintendo all that credit. It's an idiot savant type of genius.
It's unintended genius.
Where, like, Miiverse is amazing.
Have you seen the stuff on Miiverse for some of these, like, shovelware games that show up?
Alright, I gotta get the Wii U. You've gotta see this.
Loki, you'll laugh your ass off at some of the stuff that people are posting in Miiverse on these games.
But anyway.
But I was gonna see, like, right now I'm looking just to see what's in this area.
You know, as far as, like, availability.
And let's see here. The first one, low stock, in stock, in stock, in stock, low stock, in stock, in stock, in stock.
And that's the, you know, first eight stores that they have there.
In stock, in stock, in stock, low stock, in stock, low stock, low stock.
So, it looks like, you know, within, you know, 20 miles of us, they are stocked at every single GameStop.
And I think that's the same thing, you know, happening at, you know, Walmarts, Targets, probably everywhere.
So, that begs the question, I mean, I understand this may be a hot holiday item.
But, I don't think it's as, I don't think it's as in demand as they want it, they want everyone to believe it is.
And don't get me wrong, they have some pretty good games at launch, but they don't really have anything coming out.
Like, the first Wii U game I can think of is in March.
Rayman Legends is the, not March, February 26th is Rayman Legends, is the first big game to come out next.
Cool, that's like a whole month and a half, almost two and a half months of nothing for the Wii U.
I mean, that's kind of bad. That's not a good, you know, that's quite a drought of games.
Okay, I'm going to give this to you while I read the next story. I'm just going to give this to you.
Just scroll through and look at some of the posts on this game. Use the joystick on the left.
You can just scroll going up and down, because there's some funny shit on there.
Alright, moving on to the next story, which is about other things coming to the Wii U that I could hand the tablet to Loki during the show and have him take a look at.
Wii U Panorama View is coming in the spring.
This is something that will let you view panoramic videos on your gamepad by actually moving the device around so you don't necessarily use the joysticks to spin around.
You can actually pick up the device and move it around like one of those early Wii U demos.
That will be in the spring for both North America and Europe. That will be an eShop release.
There is a free preview demo that will be going on the eShop that will have some scenes that will come in advance of the actual release.
Now, I have no idea how these pictures are taken or where they come from. I'm assuming there's a particular format standard out there, because I know I've seen panoramic pictures online before.
Interesting. I don't know if it's particularly useful, but okay. Google Maps.
What's on his head?
Oh, that was from Nintendo Direct.
So basically it's just your average forum with all sorts of memes in here.
But that is Nintendo moderated and endorsed on the console. If you press pause and hit Miiverse, that is what you'll see.
Yeah, that's cool that they're only removing offensive stuff, but not a lot of memes are offensive.
Do you see a lot of the stuff with the jokes about shovels?
Yeah, I understand the Nintendo seal of crap. I understand that, but I hardly call this genius. I just call this your standard forum.
Are you not entertained?
No, I'm not entertained. I mean, I just don't know.
This is just in everybody. Loki is not amused.
I mean, they have Barry Potter and Batman that says, I have no family. I don't know. I don't think this is that great.
Maybe it was better the first couple days. Some of it's wearing off.
Alright, look. Moving on.
It's kind of funny, I guess.
Anyhow, PanoramaView was originally unveiled at E3, but they announced that it is coming in the spring, obviously.
Also coming, Google Maps for Wii U. The Street View functionality with Google Maps will work with the gamepad just like PanoramaView.
Because those Google cars take the panorama screenshots all the time.
That app will be in the eShop in late January. It will be free until the end of March.
Google Maps will be coming to the U.S. eShop in the first quarter.
So notice how it's not going to be forever that that thing is going to be free.
But I think that's kind of cool that Google Maps is coming. I mean, I don't know the particular usefulness of it.
I better buy a Wii U so I can get Google Maps.
What's with the flying penis rocket ship?
That's Miiverse. Somebody tried to get away with drawing a penis on Miiverse and they drew it as a rocket ship.
Hey, this isn't uncomfortable.
Yeah, I thought you played with the Wii U thing before.
Not with your little thing here. I'm not going to say anything about your little thing.
Let's move on. Dark Soccer, it's actually your turn. You'll have to put the tablet down for a minute.
Take your evil away from me, Rob.
So, next, people have been going off about this.
And, you know what? I was going to be super skeptical of it until I actually did look at the logo.
Needless to say, I'm talking about the Phantom Pain, which basically is a trailer of a guy that they had at the VGAs.
The guy has a hook arm and he's like, you're just waking up, and then a hundred feet soldier. We're getting killed out here.
And if you look at the guy walking around, he's got a gray mullet and a shaggy beard when you can sort of see his face, but most of his face is covered up in bandages.
And he's missing a hand, he's got a hook arm, and it's being put out by this Moby Dick Studios.
Which, I mean, I can't really think of anything how Moby Dick itself, you know, could be an illusion towards it.
Because, I mean, it's just a big revenge story, so maybe there's some revenge subplot? I don't know.
But the company is supposed to be some Swedish company, and the CEO is Joakim Mogren, but the J-O-A-K-I-M is an anagram for Kojima.
People are thinking this is actually a trailer for Metal Gear Solid 5.
Now, as I posted much earlier in the chat room, is that if you look at the logo, there are little chunks missing out of the text.
And if you use the same typeface and align it to these little markings that are coming out of the text, it perfectly fits the shape of Metal Gear Solid 5.
And I will relink the photo in the chat room for those who are curious.
But, I mean, and I mean, I'm even looking, it has to be, of course, in the same typeface, but it is a perfect match.
It's sort of like they posted it there and then used the Pathfinder tool in InDesign or something, for anyone who knows what that is.
But, um, I guess I see it now. I didn't see it at first until I looked at the logo.
It makes sense that, you know, it's time for another Metal Gear Solid. I know they always say the other one's gonna be the last one, but come on.
They'll take that until it stops making money.
I don't know. I don't know if it's Metal Gear Solid. I think it's New Bionic Commando.
And, spoiler!
What?
His wife is his claw.
No.
Spoiler!
Just look at the picture that I linked in the chat room, guys.
That was the plotline in the first Bionic Commando game that they made for you.
How does that work? The more time on spoilers is up on the game. I'm never gonna play that game. I wanna know.
How does that work? How is his wife the claw?
She's the AI that's in there. Like, it's her AI. Or her.
So she's GLaDOS.
You can marry-
Yeah, it's like GLaDOS.
You can marry AI.
No, the AI can be turned-
Well, they dumped her personality in there.
The Supreme Court is gonna decide next year if I get to get married or not, but you can marry your AI.
To quote Rob, put her in a CD. I don't care.
They had all those tubes, and they're like, we need to fill the tubes with something.
So they just threw his wife in a wood chipper, shoved her in the tubes for the Bionic Commando.
I mean, that's-
You shouldn't put your wife in a wood chipper. That's wrong.
She'll say she can't, but put her in there anyway.
Well, he didn't put her in a- I don't know.
Why would you put your wife in a wood chipper? That's really rude.
Maybe he's just really into self-gratification, and so, you know, he thought his wife is the claw.
That's wrong.
Men.
Because the claw touches him in ways that-
The claw.
His hand can't.
It decides who will go and who will stay. Ah.
Can we please, please get to release dates?
I guess.
Although I'm not expecting to hear an awful lot, but let's see. Release dates.
Alright, so this week we've got the game of the year, The Walking Dead.
The whole, basically, season one on PS3 and Xbox 360.
007 Legends on the Wii U.
I mean, that's pretty awesome, right? Cool.
Wheel of Fortune on the Wii U.
Wheel of Fortune on the Wii U, like with Vanna White and shit?
Yeah. Awesome.
Yeah, it's the game-
60 bucks?
It's the game that they, yeah, it's like 40, I think.
It's the game that they put out on the Wii and Xbox 360 earlier.
I like Wheel of Fortune. I'm real good at it.
Well, there you go. And Jeopardy. Jeopardy on the Wii U.
I'm not as good as Jeopardy. That's for smart people.
Not anymore, really. Have you ever watched Jeopardy lately?
I can only watch Celebrity Jeopardy.
And then-
Damn you, Trebek!
Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed on the Vita.
Oh, I was like, isn't that on every platform?
No, not the Vita and 3DS. 3DS got delayed a little further.
That's it, and I hate to say it, I think that's it for the rest of the year.
Well, we'll check in again next week and see what shovel week they were able to put together in a week.
Alright, meanwhile in Japan, there's still some things trickling through. Not a lot, but some things.
On the Xbox 360 in Japan this week, Battlefield 3 gets a price reduction in the Premium Edition coming out December 13th.
Along with, I believe this is a new game, Port Royale 3.
I don't recognize this as a series here. Maybe Loki-
It came out on Xbox 360 and PS3 back in August, I think.
It's like a Pirates game.
Yeah, it's a Pirates simulation game.
But not Sid Meier's Pirates.
No, it's Calypso, I want to say, puts that out.
Russell in Japan, but-
I think over here it's Calypso.
They're the guys that put out Tropico, so it's a trading sim.
You can be a pirate or trader.
Much busier week on the PlayStation 3, Battlefield 3 also there as well, and Port Royale 3.
Ninja Gaiden Sigma also gets a price reduction along with Mobile Suit Gundam Extreme Versus.
But as far as new games go, Sango Kushi 12 comes out in regular and Premium Editions from Koei.
This is 12. What is this? Is this Nobunaga, like, a new version of it?
It very well could be.
No, that's Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
I just recognized one of the kanji.
It's a big release this week too, so that wouldn't surprise me at all.
Whenever you see Sangoku, Three Kingdoms.
You run a country, build facilities, develop skills. The skills can be military-based, politics-based, or fundamental.
Or artistic dance.
No, you cannot have artistic dance.
Also, price reduction for Sangoku Basara 3 Utage.
So lots of price reductions this week, just in time for Christmas.
On the Vita this week in Japan, Jikuyu Powerful Pro Yakuyu 2012 Petai Ban.
That's the Konami Baseball series on the Vita this week.
On the PSP this week, yes, the PSP.
7th Dragon 2020 gets a price reduction.
And then we have Arcana Famiglia Festa Regalo comes out this week.
I have no idea what that is on the PSP.
But it has free shipping.
Depending where you order it from, yes.
These guys are dressed up like it all in little suits.
They're little chibi suit characters, but this one has an eye patch, so you know he's rough.
Oh, he's badass.
He is.
I have no idea.
That guy looks like a chibi Kratos, and that guy looks like a chibi Cloud, doesn't he?
Yeah, then who's the dude with the eye patch?
I don't know.
Chibi Snake?
Could be.
Shining Hearts also on the PSP gets a price reduction this week.
Going to the Wii U.
Sangokushi 12 comes out on the Wii U this week in Japan as well.
And lastly, checking the 3DS.
Biohazard Mercenaries 3D gets a price reduction.
And Inazuma 11 Go 2 Chrono Stone Nepuyu and Ramay come out this week from level 5.
And Rob will hyperventilate now.
Yes, I will.
Oh, Puyo Puyo gets a price reduction.
Puyo Puyo.
No one cur.
I care.
Okay, one cur.
That does it for Japanese release dates.
In Europe, not a damn thing.
The end.
Seriously, not a damn thing.
The game will be out the entire week.
A different version for every system that has ever existed all week.
I'm serious.
Not a damn thing.
Just crickets?
Just crickets.
Nothing until the 17th.
Alright.
Which is not this week.
Let's do a couple more stories before the Classic Game of the Week, then.
Alright.
So, Motorola has failed to ban the Xbox in both the US and Germany.
And apparently, I guess, a judge has ruled that Google's Motorola can't ban the sales of the Xbox 360
over a patent dispute.
And, of course, no one had any comment on it and the case moves on.
So, that's good and kind of what we thought would happen.
I don't think they would ban the sale over that, but.
Yeah, can you imagine if they just suddenly pulled the Xbox 360 off of Shells?
They're just gonna, you know, go through the courts right now and I'm sure at the end
that they're gonna settle or have to pay some sort of royalties or something.
Somebody's going to.
So, we'll see.
Going to a game that once could have been, but it's not gonna be, Guitar Hero 7.
Guitar Hero 7, at one point, it was gonna happen.
It was in development, but Activision canned it in 2011.
This is all coming from an anonymous source via Kotaku, so take it with a huge grain of salt.
But, it certainly sounds plausible.
Guitar Hero 7 was going back to the roots, meaning it was only gonna use a guitar.
So, it was gonna lose the drums, the mic, and all that other stuff.
Rock Band kind of had the lock on that, so it was gonna go back to just guitar.
But, the guitar was gonna go through some changes.
A full six strings and an extra button in the neck.
However, the guitar apparently was expensive.
It was a disaster. Unresponsive.
So, that was not gonna be happening.
Vicarious Visions was the team that was developing it.
They were gonna do this thing where the music video would actually change for each song.
So, they were trying to separate themselves from Rock Band, which I applaud.
But, I don't know. I guess maybe this music video thing wasn't really working out.
But, maybe that would have been the theme, was making music videos like MTV.
Apparently, the songs were not that great either.
It was all the worst hits from the 1990s.
In other words, stuff like Closing Time and Sex and Candy.
Closing Time.
Remember, that's the old outro for this show.
I know, but to tell you something else about that.
In magazine class, last time we did it, not this semester, but last year.
At the end of every class, we would play that song right before we had our meeting.
That's what that song makes me think of.
And yes, some good conversation in chat.
VX Jason XV is like, why the jump to 7?
I knew there was Guitar Hero 4.
And Oren G points out Guitar Hero 5, Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock.
So, there were other games in between.
That's not even counting the spinoff games.
Like, there was Band Hero.
Was that the Taylor Swift one was Band Hero?
What was the family hero?
Who gives a crap about Taylor Swift?
I'm just saying.
It was Band Hero and then...
I don't know if they had anything else other than Band Hero.
We all stopped paying attention after Guitar Hero 3, okay?
I'm just saying.
Not to mention all the band-specific ones.
Van Halen, Aerosmith, Metallica.
Guitar Hero 7 was cancelled in the middle of its two-year development cycle.
It could have been out by now.
It could have been.
Kind of wish they'd have a new DJ hero.
Right?
You know, I picked up DJ Hero for 20 bucks.
It's awesome. Seriously, the soundtrack is still awesome.
That's a game that could have won it for the soundtrack.
I need to go back and play that game again.
There's some really good mixes in that game.
It's awfully sad.
Well, remember a time when we didn't have seven versions of a particular game?
Yes, we did.
Well, unless it was Mega Man.
No, unless it was Street Fighter 2.
Oh yeah, there is that.
There is that.
Is this game before or after Street Fighter 2?
As we get into the classic game of the week,
where Dark Soccer is going to go into the vault
and find a game that is older or about the same age as Street Fighter 2.
Contemporary.
And say, hey, you should be playing this game this week, dammit.
Yeah, dammit.
And this is another one that Dan picked out,
because I couldn't think of anything.
Sunset Riders.
This is a good pick.
Did you ever play it?
I did.
Sunset Riders.
Actually, I have played it.
The only place that had one was in an arcade,
which was a tilt arcade in Dothan, Alabama,
and then it was gone.
But Sunset Riders is a side-scrolling game,
and you basically run around and shoot guys with your guns,
and you jump from back to back of stampeding cattle and ride horses.
And it's like, I like how the article says it's a fanciful Wild West.
Old West.
In the co-op version, you could either do a two or four player,
and you could get hookers and boos, Rob.
That's always the best, isn't it? Hookers and boos.
So the game was supposed to be set, like I said, in the American Old West,
and it's four bounty hunters who are out to get the rewards
of the most wanted outlaws in the West.
And in between each stage, it shows you a wanted poster of whoever it is
and your reward and wanted dead or alive.
You know, that type of thing.
So you play as Steve and Billy,
and their guns are peacemakers, which are faster.
And then you have Bob and Cormano,
which I don't even know if that's a real name,
but I was laughing because he's wearing a pink poncho.
And they both use shotguns, so they have wider shots.
And in the two player mode,
you actually can choose the character you want to control
before you start the game.
But in four player, each person is assigned to a character,
kind of like how Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was.
Just like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
which is clearly the engine this game is using, just saying.
This is definitely, they're trying to make lightning strike twice after that
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles arcade game.
It's clearly the same hardware, which is fine.
But this game has hookers.
See, look, he goes in the room and there's a hooker.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles had April O'Neil.
She wasn't a hooker.
She did have clean stuff.
Some of the pictures I've seen she is.
Clearly you haven't been on Tumblr.
Anyway, any, whatever.
Dirty Men.
Everyone can be a hooker on Tumblr.
Dirty Men.
Okay.
Especially Hawkeye.
Yeah, well, the Hawkeye initiative is awesome.
So, anyway, you can jump from different floors,
which use the joystick and jump, you know, the usual thing.
You can shoot downwards diagonally or vertically while crouching.
And, I mean, it's basic, you know, run and gun controls for a game like this.
You have badge shaped power-ups that you get by beating these guys carrying sacks.
The silver badge gives you a second gun,
so you can shoot in two directions at the same time.
And the gold badge lets you fire continuously when you hold down the shoot button.
And you can use both power-ups together.
There's eight stages and you basically have to reach the end of each stage
and beat the bad guy and get your money.
Yee-haw.
Although when I saw the first boss, I was asking Dan today,
is he not wearing any pants?
Because it looked like he wasn't wearing pants.
I think it was just the perspective in the game.
And Dan said that the only people not wearing pants were the hookers.
And the cowgirl, which he just shot.
And those chickens.
And the chickens.
And the stampede and cattle.
They're not wearing pants either.
Wasn't that a scene in the Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter?
I don't know if I know. I haven't seen it.
So you get your power-ups, like I said, if you have rapid fire, dual fire,
and you also get a monetary award.
Or a turkey worth $500.
I've never seen a turkey worth $500.
I'm sure that has to be...
You're not doing enough shopping at Whole Foods.
Whole Paycheck.
So the stages are, you have Simon Greedwell, Hawkeye Hank Hatfield,
Dark Horse, which just makes me think of Bad Horse in Dr. Horrible.
The Smith Brothers, El Greco, wouldn't that mean the Greek?
Bob, is it like Greco, Spanish for Greek?
Sure.
Okay.
Chief Scalpem.
Oh, Scalpem, which is...
Oh, insensitive.
Paco Loco.
And Sir Richard Rose, a British man who's shooting from the balcony behind two lions.
There were...
I'm trying to find my favorite part, which is...
Oh yeah, the stuff about the SNES version.
Okay, I'm going to get back into that.
There were two major ports.
There was the Mega Drive version, which was the Sega Genesis,
where it actually...
Two of the characters in the Genesis version were given surnames when they didn't have one.
It was Billy Cool and Cormano Wild.
So they were cool and wild, apparently.
And only four of the bosses were there, so the four chapters were divided into two stages.
And the bosses in this version were Greedwell, Paco Loco, Scalpem, and Richard Rose.
And the bounties were different. They were increased depending on who it was.
And the Genesis one had what looks like a two-player versus mode, where you could fight each other in a gunfight.
The SNES version had fewer changes.
You could still play only up to two players at a time, but it had all eight stages with their bosses.
And all the power-ups were the same, but there were some different...
I would say...
Censoring done.
The whore that... I'm just going to call her a whore. I don't care.
She's supposed to be, I guess, like a bar girl, but she's totally done like an old West call girl.
She kisses the player in stage one and the saloon dancers in stage four.
They're dressed more conservatively.
The hunter dogs were taken out of the SNES version, but they were in the Genesis version.
And the Native American enemies were removed and replaced with regular outlaws, leaving only Chief Scalpem, who was renamed to Chief Wigwam.
Yeah, because that's just as good.
And the dynamite-tossing female bandits were taken out as well, but they were still in the Genesis version.
So, yeah, sunset riders.
Which I also think is funny, because you know how when you're reading the articles they have a C also?
I love that it lists Wild West CAW boys of Moomasa.
That's just wonderful.
I like the stage where you're going along the train and shooting the bandits.
Yee-haw!
You know, you say that, and then you mention Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and now I'm thinking, yee-haw, Ninja Cowboy.
Well, in chat they were talking about Gunsmoke, the NES game. You know, kind of like the other Western shooter game.
Yeah.
See, Dan kept correcting me and saying Call Girl, and I'm like, it's a whore.
She's a whore.
She is a whore.
My mom says, a whore.
She walks the night. She is a tramp.
There it is, your Classic Game of the Week. Sunset Riders.
And no, I'm not doing Mass Effect for Classic Game. It's not old enough yet.
It's getting there.
I'll Classic Game you.
I don't know. It feels like it's that old.
Fine. Next week, Mass Effect.
No. Games have to be at least ten years old. Alright.
And yes, Fifth Dream, my mom really actually does say it that way.
Who-er.
Who-er?
My mom, well, my granddaddy said it that way.
My granddaddy was from Bridgeport, Connecticut, and my mom's a Southern girl.
So it translated to Who-er.
Alright, enough whore talk. More talk about the Classic Game of the Week.
We need more whores!
Sunset Riders.
Whores need love too, only they charge for it.
We've got plenty more show to come.
We're gonna talk some Microsoft, Cloud Gaming, Idol Master.
Yes, Idol Master.
And whores.
Maybe some whores.
Maybe some whores will call us at 1-877-GAMO-LR or our Skype line, OrangeLoungeRadio.
That is our name on Skype.
We will be taking calls after the break.
When we come back with more of OrangeLoungeRadio, stay tuned.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio Live on this Sunday evening, December the 9th of 2012, with the 485th episode of our show.
We're about to get into rapid-fire news.
Myself and Loki here in the studio and DarkSakura in the kitchen.
She volunteered. She's in there. She's making more latkes.
Alan, you are not prepared for the mountain of latkes that are gonna be here when you get home.
I hope you like potatoes.
And matzah.
And matzah.
They're good, though. Not gonna lie.
All right. Anyhow, while she finishes those up, we will get into some rapid-fire news.
I gotta talk about this real quick, though.
Loki, do you play a lot of fighting games, Loki?
You don't talk a lot about fighting games. Do you play a lot?
No, not really.
Not really? Did you ever play Capcom vs. SNK 2?
That was…
I think so.
Well, you know why you probably would have played it?
Is that that was the big fighting game they had at Golf Land back when we all were playing DDR.
I've played it on my MAME cabinet, so…
Okay.
Well, during the break, we were playing just some random music from games.
That's what we usually do for the live break.
So we can, like, get water, use the restroom, and do all that live.
The pod…
Make… Make latkes, like DarkSakura's doing.
And what have you.
And you guys during the podcast don't get that, but we play some music.
And while the Capcom vs. SNK 2 song was playing, somebody in chat said…
Where was this?
S2100Matt said,
There isn't an HD remix of Capcom vs. SNK 2 coming out anytime soon, huh?
And it made me think, no there's not.
And that made me sad that there is no…
Oh my god, that's a lot.
DarkSakura, you are making me so fat.
So?
I am fat because of you.
Look at your life, look at your choices.
Anyway, no HD version of it.
For me to sit on my fat ass and eat latkes and play Capcom vs. SNK 2 HD.
That is just not happening.
No.
That makes me sad.
Yeah.
I guess it's all the rights issues, but it is frustrating.
You see, like, DarkStalkers and Street Fighter 3.
Well, they're probably right now, they're working with, you know, Namco and that stuff.
So maybe they just, you know, because right now I think SNK is being distributed through Atlas.
Because the last game that they had was King of Fighters.
King of Fighters, yeah.
So, I mean, I would imagine that Atlas would work with them.
After all, I don't know if you guys know, it's Persona 4 Arena, best fighting game.
Which is very unusual.
I mean, you would think that that might go to, like, Street Fighter X Tekken or something like that.
Or even, I don't know if it's too late, but PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale or something like that.
But definitely going a little bit more niche with who's winning these things.
Very interesting.
Well, sometimes the Oscars don't always go to the big budget movies.
In fact, they often don't.
They go to the niche stuff.
Maybe the VGA is taking a nod from that.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Let's see.
Chatters are complaining that they are not getting latkes.
Come over.
Tell them to make your own damn latkes.
Dark Soccer is yelling from the kitchen, make your own damn latkes.
Dark Soccer is going to set off the smoke alarm.
Watch.
It's over.
No, it's over here.
Yeah, good idea.
The last thing we need.
I can say that's one thing that hasn't happened in 11 years of Orange Launch Radio is that we've had to evacuate.
I've set up the smoke alarm before when drinking bacon late at night.
But then we had the smoke alarm defense system, whereas the giant fan aimed at the smoke alarm.
We've had the power go out.
We've passed out drunk during the show.
We've never had to evacuate.
That is.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
We did.
We lost the soundboard.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into some rapid fire news.
Some quick news stories for you guys.
Loki starting us off.
So Minecraft's getting another update as they tend to do.
Of course, we know the big update, the Redstone updates coming in January.
But until then, they're going to get some smaller updates.
One point four six is going to be the next one.
And some of the things you can expect for one point four six that are actually available right now in Snapshot 12 W forty nine a include fireworks.
Yes, it's only, I don't know, five months late, but fireworks are getting added in.
You can actually craft different colored fireworks, fireworks that sparkle, fireworks that go higher, lower and even fireworks that are shaped like creepers.
And then also there's supposed to be some a book that you can use to enchant items and of course, other bug fixes and stuff.
But one point four six is supposed to be released sometime before Christmas.
So next week or so.
You know who I found out today plays Minecraft, my nine year old cousin.
I thought it was interesting. You can join the VOG network.
I think it's not. I don't trust that. We seriously had a moment.
We had we had someone join this week and they're like, is this seriously?
No one on here all the time. Like, I'm on here.
And his mom was telling me, do you know how many viruses we've gotten on our computer?
Because he keeps trying to find a free version of Minecraft. There is no such thing as a new version of Minecraft.
There are all virus. I had I had we had to kind of explain that because it's like, yeah, you have to log in with your account.
There's you can play in cracked servers is the only way he can get around that.
Well, it's not even I said you can do the free version that doesn't have all the I mean, he's nine.
He's not going to miss all that stuff. Although he was asking me, he's like, have you ever built a nether portal?
I'm like, no. A nine year old just kicked my ass at a video game.
You didn't have to because we did it all for you. There's like 50 of them.
Yeah, I know. All right. So Last of Us was revealed to be coming out May seven.
This is coming from the trailer that played during the VGA. So, yay.
Another game. And last but not least, in the realm of I don't give a shit about this,
but we're going to report it anyways, because originally it had something to do with gaming, but now it's so far away from gaming.
G4 or what used to be G4 is now becoming the Esquire channel.
Wow. I could really care less about that. In fact, I do care about as little about that as possible.
But apparently it is a network that is going to be aimed at the metro sexual male.
That has to be a joke by the writer. I don't think they actually are targeting the metro sexual male,
although that would be kind of funny if they were. They're saying that the channel will feature some gaming oriented material.
And of course, subjects also is fashion, cooking and travel.
Vomit is what I say. I don't know. I hope this I hope this crashes and burns pretty fast.
And honestly, I think it will. Dark soccer. Do you think metro sexual is hot?
Whatever that's supposed to mean anyway. Huh? Metro sexual. I know.
And I'm like, huh? I need to know that I like it authentic.
I want to know where they can be running reruns of Queer Eye for the straight guy, because that's, you know, pretty metro sexual right there.
They should reboot it. Actually, what was we watched?
What was it? We watched the pilot episode of that. And it's like, whoa, this is weird.
The British version was really good. Different people on here. OK.
Alan's a big fan of the Nerdist and Chris Hardwick and all that. Yeah.
So, like, he likes to listen to podcasts that aren't mine. So that's fine.
He listens to mine, too. But he likes to listen to he's probably listening now.
In fact, he likes to listen to the Nerdist with Chris Hardwick.
And I guess they've been doing a lot of because I guess somebody involved with that show is involved with Attack of the Show right now after Kevin Pereira left and all that.
And I guess they say that this network is supposed to be brovo is what they're calling brovo instead of Bravo.
It's brovo. So I'm like the real dude bros of Orange County.
What exactly does that mean? What is the real duper would be pretty?
It actually would be a fucking awesome show, dude.
Dude, dude, dude, sir, for dudes.
Fist bump, Loki fist bump.
Moving on.
An update to the humble bundle. Do you ever fist bump people? Dark soccer all the time.
The humble THQ bundle has added, you know, sometimes the bundles kind of add some deals later on in the life.
The humble THQ bundle is no different. It got the Red Faction Armageddon DLC called Path of War.
Titan Quest was also added to the bundle.
Titan Quest was a Diablo style RPG created by Iron Lore Studios back when they existed.
The humble THQ bundle. By the way, you don't have to rebuy the bundle to get those games.
Just log back into the humble bundle site or use your reuse your code, whatever.
You'll get the games to two million dollars earned in twenty four hours, six days to go.
Actually, no, that was three days left, about three point seven million made.
So it's probably up to about four million by now. The average price of the bundle, five dollars and fifty eight cents.
And as the article here points out, four and a half shares of THQ stock.
Same price. Amazing.
I didn't know this was a thing, but more import games apparently still coming to the PlayStation Store in the form of PlayStation one classics.
And Gung Ho Online America getting these old Japanese only games and repackaging them for the PlayStation one import store.
I think it's a great idea. I don't know if I'd play any of these games, but Zanuck cross Zanuck.
Kendo rage sequel, Makaruna Makeno 2, Vehicle Cavalier, which was a vehicle combat game with mechs.
Art Kami and Suguro Kuren.
That was a board game about Dakota trucks in Japan and Loop Salad, which was a match three puzzle game and finger flashing, which was basically a rock, paper, scissors action game.
Not naked fingers. No finger flashing like that.
I just flashed one of my fingers at Dark Sakura was the one that I retorted only to be polite.
Streets of Rage apparently at one point had a remake. I don't know what kind of like stage this concept was in.
This could even be a fan thing for all we know. No, I don't think so. It was confirmed by the studio.
Oh, Sean Noonan was the tweeter that said seems one of my previous projects is leaked.
So it actually kind of shows. It looked pretty bad ass. Yeah. You look in this video here. It does look kind of neat.
It's a little more open world than side scroller, but it has that very neon look to it.
And you can, you know, watch the guys beating each other up there in the video.
Ubisoft level designer Sean Noonan. That was the guy that leaked it through Twitter.
It was reportedly in development. I'm sorry. He confirmed the leak through Twitter.
He didn't leak it himself. Reportedly was in development at Ruffian Games.
There was supposed to be destructible environments, takedowns, street gangs.
But canceled. Not happening.
Guess it just wasn't good enough. Some things are not meant to be.
All right. That does it for my rapid fire news. Well, now, did you ever have a TI calculator?
I sure did. In AP calculus. I sure did. Well, I didn't take calculus.
I had one just so I could play pole position and then make it say rude things.
I was on my way to take calculus and I was in pre calc. Unfortunately, I spent too much time programming on my calculator.
I was trying to make a Final Fantasy fighting game, but. And now we have Dissidia.
You should see how they quit. Well, now they've made a portal on a TI 85 calculator.
You can actually play kind of a weird version of Portal where.
I guess it's like the the flash one where it's just sort of from the side.
I couldn't really tell the video is not playing on my. Yeah, it was it was from the side.
And, you know, you could shoot portals out in like eight directions.
And they actually had puzzles and a little bit of a story that goes along.
So it's pretty cool. That's pretty cool.
Also, on Wii U, Rayman's Legend comes out in the UK on March 1st and in North America on February 26th.
So for people who are interested in that and have to say it's still looking good.
And then that's going to be available for people hither and yon.
And then Gianna Sister's Twisted Dreams will be on Xbox Live Arcade next spring.
They will be seeing it. It was one of the green light titles and I have it.
It's pretty. I haven't really gotten a chance to play much of it, but we shall be seeing it on Xbox.
There you go. Well, that's cool that it made its way to Xbox. Yeah.
Not bad for Kickstarter, huh? Yeah. It's a fantastic game that I have yet to play.
I have it. I have it. I bought it because I backed the Kickstarter, but I haven't played it yet.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, cereal, as in breakfast, cereal.
Let's go to the foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our fan communities at Facebook and Google+.
You smoosh it together. That's foogle.
This week I was kind of a goober and I forgot to post the question in a timely manner.
So as soon as I joined chat, they were like, Rob, you have not posted the foogle question of the week.
So one of our chatters, Raginator, just said, here, I'm going to give you a question totally free of charge.
I was like, OK. And so Raginator is asking the foogle question this week.
What is one thing that you learned in quotes from video games over the years?
I thought it was I thought it was a good question.
And you know, it's the show where every gamer has a voice.
So if one of you wants to ask the question tonight, go for it.
I think it was a great idea. So let's see what the listeners said.
Let's start tonight on Google+. We had a couple answers on Google+.
Redertainment says, before Assassin's Creed, I didn't know Leonardo da Vinci was gay.
Now I know. And knowing is half the battle. I didn't. Is that true?
Or is that just a like stereotype? I think it's a it's a speculation.
I see. But then again, you know, that type thing was punishable by death back then.
Unfortunate act. Deaf has an answer. English.
Well, I learned the language when I was little, but video games helped me master it.
Quite probably the reason I have a B.A. in translation to never thought of that.
But what a great way to learn a language playing a video game.
Although then again, some translations may not be the best way to learn English.
I mean, some of the ones back in the day were pretty bad.
But I think that's a really neat, you know, way to learn a language.
Think about like an MMO when you have to really surround yourself with the language.
It's immersion. Of course, you get a lot of net speak, too.
That kind of screws it up. Like people typing U for Y O U.
That's I hate it. Appreciate music.
Act F goes on to say I love music and video games helped appreciate all help me appreciate all kinds of music during my early years and especially during my teens.
Without that, probably I wouldn't be doing. I love that music, which is a segment from on Vogue Network dot com.
Today, I've learned lots of trivial things, too, but those two are the most important.
Good answers over there on Google Plus. Let's try Facebook. Quite a few answers on Facebook.
They're all pretty short, so I'll try to read as many of these as I can.
Raginator answered his own question. I've learned that, quote, herbs, quote, are good for your health.
And I think those in Washington state would be inclined to agree.
I see the joke there. I mean, really, though, there were a lot of speaking of early RPGs.
It was always the herb that would suddenly make you feel better and just make you forget all the pain.
We used to say when you mix the brown, the red herb and the green herb and you got the brown pile, we would just call it the brown pile or crap.
Or you mix the green herb and the pink herb and suddenly you want to watch a lot of My Little Pony.
Nothing will make me want to watch a lot of My Little Pony, Rob.
Brandon H on Facebook said, Don't try to text in the middle of a race.
I don't know if that means Mario Kart or like an actual race, but, you know, just don't text and drive kids.
Doesn't even work in games.
Katsuhiko J replied and said, Save your game, save often. Ain't that the truth?
Surely you've lost progress in Mass Effect due to lack of saving. Yes, DarkSakura?
No, actually, because I save often.
All right. You learned that lesson, huh?
I also have multiple saves at the same place. I have different colors of skin and hair and different hairstyles and eye colors on my Shepard.
Nerd.
Gamer Girl replied and said, Keep calm and keep playing because nothing in a game is as bad as real life.
At least, unlike life, in a game, there are do-overs and extra lives.
What a nice, simple, good answer to the question, right?
Don't throw your controllers. Don't get mad. It's not real life.
And you get three lives, unlike real life.
So don't kill yourself with a PlayStation 3 controller. Out of rage.
Degenerate Johnny replies and said, I've learned that Sir Isaac Newton is the deadliest son of a bitch in space.
Yes. Yes.
What is that from? I didn't get the reference.
Mass Effect 2.
Where?
Okay. When you get to the Citadel, right?
Yeah.
And there's the military guys standing out there talking to the other two across from the help desk before you go into C-Sec?
Yeah.
And he goes, What is the first law of physics? An object in motion tends to stay in motion, sir.
I did not pay you for half an answer. Give me the whole thing.
You know, that type of thing. It's like, until acted upon about an outside object, sir.
Do you know if you shoot this missile through, you know, blah, blah, it will always hit something.
You're just going off on it.
That means that Sir Isaac Newton is the deadliest motherfucker in the galaxy.
I don't even remember that. Is that just background dialogue?
No. You stop and you activate them to listen to it.
I just forgot.
Broseidon. I wonder if he'll have a show on Brovo.
Broseidon answers and says, Don't ever think you're better than the game because the game decides if you're going to win,
or if it might just freeze and glitch and make your past 36 hours pointless.
You need to see the rule earlier, Broseidon, that says save now, save often.
Jovidea says, I've learned that when trying to perform operations on the Wii and Trauma Center,
it is oftentimes easier to operate while drunk. This makes me question real doctors.
Yes, because Trauma Center is real life. Your real doctors draw a pentagram shape in order to invoke the magic.
Her. Burr replied and said, I learned you only live once. Yolo.
Wait, that can't be right. You missed the one on the three lives. Hello.
Cram replied and said, Save often. Having to replay several hours can leave a game unfinished for a long time.
Loco Poco replied and said, I've learned that flashing your breasts to your opponent is the best kind of fatality to finish them off.
Learned from Black Orchid and Killer Instinct.
Is that a good life lesson, Dark Sakura? Do you flash your breasts at opponents to kill them off?
I flash them at Dan to get him to shut up.
Close enough.
Silent Tom replies and says, I've learned over the years that the princess is always in another castle.
And if you chop down enough grass, you're bound to find money.
Those are both good life lessons, wouldn't you say?
A sale of Sumer Gawa replies and says, if the camera focuses on it, it's important.
Here it is. Your answer. So in that alive, the breasts are important.
Facebook dot com slash Orange Lounge Radio and you can find our community on Google Plus at Orange Lounge Radio.
I did learn something, by the way.
That was a good question, Raginator. Good job.
I learned something last night, Rob.
My hacked Mass Effect 3 will now work in multiplayer.
As long as I don't hit the button.
Oh, you. All right. Let's move on with some more news.
So there has been a listing on LinkedIn.
There one ads for, I guess, a Microsoft's interactive entertainment business studio Soho.
They're seeking a television producer to develop and deliver a number of new TV products.
Basically, it says Soho Productions is pushing the boundaries of Kinect and Xbox Live and would like to bring a new line of interactive television experiences to the world.
Working with leading global entertainment partners, we're creating experiences that are not bound by the traditional definitions of television or gaming.
Experiences where watching and participating are inseparable and will delight and enrich the lives of people everywhere.
So this kind of goes back to a few different rumors.
One, that this might be something that's incorporated into the next Xbox system and also to that whole set top box thing that they're going to be putting out.
To me, it sounds like they're kind of building on the whole, you know, Kinect TV stuff.
You know, like what they did with Sesame Street and not Geo, that they're going to be doing some other types of interactive TV things.
Maybe bringing back 1 versus 100 or something like that might be kind of cool.
So that's what it sounds like to me or maybe it's just something else.
But hopefully it's not implemented really stupid like, now you can vote on this, you know, thing or something.
Do you like Xbox or not?
You know, I think you're doing something similar for the Spike VGA.
It's where they had it where you can stream it and interact with TV and stuff.
They were doing it for the political debates on Xbox Live.
Yeah, so maybe they're going to be kind of doing something like that.
It seems like the way that they would go, but they're trying to maybe new content, which would be cool.
I'm all for new content, especially if it's not any additional cost to me.
Well, I think we've known for a while that they're toying with the idea of doing like a Microsoft channel type of thing on Xbox.
Or at least, you know, I don't know, more of that interactive kind of television style content.
Although it does seem weird that why would they close inside Xbox only to develop that kind of stuff?
That's the weird part.
I don't know.
But I do think definitely something is in the works there.
Is that something that interests you, Loki?
Like I said, if it's at no additional cost to me, because I don't really have, I don't pay for cable TV right now.
But I do pay for Xbox Live Gold, so it'd be nice if that was included with it.
I'd probably watch some stuff on there.
Alright, going to a service called PlayCast.
PlayCast is an Israel-based company, and they're a cloud gaming service.
You can think similar to OnLive.
PlayCast is live in Portugal, France, and South Korea, which is weird because they're Israel-based, but they're in these other countries.
But they are supposed to be launching the service in the United States early next year.
It's a cloud service.
It streams through set-top boxes, tablets, smartphones, and PCs, anything that can run Android 4.0 and higher.
You do a subscription package that's tailored to a user.
Kind of interesting.
So like, in the service in France right now, there's a package that's more tailored to casual gamers, and then one that's tailored at the more hardcore.
So it's kind of like you would, I guess since we're talking about TVs and channels, you'd be buying, like Comcast, right?
When you sign up for their service, you can get like the sports channel package, or the, you know, entertainment channel package, or whatever, movie channels.
So kind of taking that idea to cloud gaming service.
Interesting. Interesting.
PlayCast is aiming towards what they call the mid-core market, a group that enjoys gaming but isn't going online in their favorite shooter every day.
So maybe not the type of people that listen to this show, but people that still enjoy gaming.
Apparently, if you use multiple devices, so like let's say you play on your TV through a PC, and then you can now use your phone or tablet as a controller.
PlayCast will instantly recognize the activity when you sign in with the auxiliary device.
You can create your own skins with the tablet or what have you, and customize the look and layout of the interface.
No word on exactly when this launches in the U.S. Of course, nothing on subscription prices, but it should be noted that PlayCast does have deals with Activision, Warner Brothers, Telltale, THQ, Codemasters, and these other countries.
They are also trying to get indies on board.
Consumer Electronics Show may bring us more information when that occurs January 8th through the 11th in Vegas.
Interesting.
I don't know, I'm not super big on these cloud gaming things, and I'm more of the type of gamer where it's like, I'll just buy the games I want to play.
But I can see the idea of, you know, go after the audience that maybe isn't as hardcore as I am.
I just don't want to put stuff that I'm paying for in somebody else's hands.
Yeah. It depends on the price though. If it were super cheap, it might be awesome. But I kind of doubt it's going to be that cheap.
Dark Sakura.
Well here is a big rumor. Now, have you ever heard of Idolmaster?
Yes I have.
Well, there is a...
I've been reading Japanese release dates for how long on this show? Yes, I've heard of Idolmaster.
Rob, it's called leading into a story. Hello.
Okay, my bad.
Well anyway, Namco Bandai registered two different trademarks in Europe. One of them is the Idolmaster and the other is Shiny Festa.
Which is one of the titles of a recent Idolmaster spinoff that's on the PSP.
So maybe we'll be getting Idolmaster. I mean, that looks like they're going to Europe first.
But I honestly think that if they did it there, they'd do it here. Don't you think?
And really what this is, the Idolmaster games, you basically manage a pop star's career. Sort of like a Tamagotchi game.
Shiny Festa is just a rhythm game that sort of follows after Project D.Va.
Do you have to clean up their poop too? Like Tamagotchi? No.
You have not taken a bath. Go bathe.
Okay.
Bathe is slower.
Rub.
And hence.
Anyway. So yeah, it could get localized.
Alrighty, well we'll see. I mean, I don't know. Trademark may just be preventing another company from coming in and releasing their own game called Idolmaster.
But I don't know. You would think there'd be an audience for it here. It's not going to be a huge thing like it is over there.
But there's certainly enough people that are into the Japanese culture alone that would want to check it out just because it's been so big over there.
It could be a cult game, I think is what they'd call it.
Who knows? I mean, we've seen other things happen. You know, games like that gain popularity.
I mean, would we have had Elite Beat agents otherwise?
That'd be neat. I don't know. Not my thing.
So this is kind of funny. We were talking a little bit about Killer Instinct and boob flashing, so that's awesome.
But this may stop another Killer Instinct game coming out.
Apparently Microsoft at least tried to renew the trademark of Killer Instinct, but it's been rejected by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the basis of likelihood of confusion.
Apparently this has to do with a short-lived Fox show called Killer Instinct from 1995.
Because I know everybody that you talk about Killer Instinct thinks of the Fox show and not, I don't know, the fighting game series.
I've never heard of that show.
Somebody at the Trademark Office did.
Yeah, a really obscure person that probably, you know, that's my favorite show!
Same person probably also has episodes of Silk Stockings on tape.
Hey, Silk Stockings was awesome.
That was some good skinimax right there.
Anyways, and David Duchovny, you rock on.
Anyways, so basically said that, you know, they're probably going to be trying to, I guess, maybe appeal that or something.
I don't know.
Right now they said this happens to a lot of trademark applications and by no means is the final say on the application.
It just means that Microsoft has to provide more evidence to overcome their objection.
I would say, you know, ask the average person on three.
So, Killer Instinct, is that an arcade game or a show from 1995?
I'm going to be like, what?
I'm looking at some clips of Killer Instinct here on, I'm thinking this is the intro to the show or whatever, here on good old YouTube.
But yeah, this is the movie for dialogue.
Who doesn't star?
Marguerite Moreau.
I don't...
That's a lot of nothing.
I miss her too.
That's totally...
What? They're making a game based...
They don't even talk.
They're making a game based on my favorite show from 1995.
That's fantastic.
2005, actually.
Just so you know.
It said 1995.
No, it's 2005, that one that I'm looking at there.
It's 2005.
Oh really?
Yeah.
It's wrong.
But anyway, the game was 95, wasn't it?
Maybe.
Yeah, it was because I was in college in Alabama.
Anyway.
Kicking people's asses.
Anyway, it's not that they make games based off of shows.
Like CSI has games.
Survivor has games that aren't very good.
Wheel of Fortune, you just said, has a game coming out next week.
So surely Killer Instinct, a canceled show from 8 years ago.
It was 2005.
My mistake, not 1995.
Surely a canceled series from 7 years ago might have a game at some point.
So therefore...
I know.
Considering that it ran a whole, what, 13 episodes?
Wow.
People would totally...
No, I'm sorry.
Not even 13 episodes because 4 of those episodes were unaired.
So, uh...
According to GameGuru, sounds like your typical canceled Fox show.
Yes.
So 9 episodes.
Yeah, people are gonna totally confuse it for that piece of shit.
I'm sure, you know.
We would get a Wonder Falls video game before we would get a Killer Instinct video game based off the show.
I'm pretty sure this will be appealing.
Oh my god.
You know what this sounds like?
This sounds like a really crappy ripoff of Law and Order SVU.
It probably is.
They're part of the, get this, the Deviant Crimes Unit.
The DCU.
Yeah.
The DCU.
Totally not a ripoff of the SVU.
Well, it just goes to show that, you know, intellectual property laws in this country are kind of borked.
I mean, just...
I mean, technically, by the same logic, this show shouldn't have existed in the first place because of the game.
We were talking about Gunsmoke earlier.
That game was actually called Gun.Smoke because of the TV show.
But come on, everybody called it Gunsmoke.
And, you know, if you're talking in the context of a game, you know the game.
And if you're talking about television, classic TV, you know the show.
Like, you just, you just know.
Anyway.
Chief McBride was in it. He's awesome.
Who?
Chief McBride.
Oh.
The guy from Pushing Daisies.
Oh, I didn't know that.
It was like her mentor or whatever.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I didn't know that.
Oddly enough, some Mega Man news this week.
In light of the 25th anniversary, a couple things, believe it or not.
An 8-bit fan game had a little preview this week.
The Mega Man 25th anniversary.
This is a Canadian-based group, Team Reverbot.
But it's kind of a Voltron of various, you know, people here.
You have Julian Spillane from DHX Media or Silicon Knights.
Jason Kanam from Drinkbox Studios.
Ori Falconer and Daniel Ochoa from Vast Studios.
And Tim McLennan from Gameloft.
And then an independent artist, Jeff Kanam.
So this is, you know, again, it's kind of your basic NES throwback.
But with, like, all new bosses.
And I can play a little preview here.
You know, it's not all that different from Mega Man 9 and 10.
Because people seem to love their retro Mega Mans.
But, like, see, that guy actually shoots acid.
Which is in line with the theme stage here.
They even have all new bosses, right?
Like, there's actually Sledge Man, Bio Man, Tarot Man.
Kendo Man, Amp Man, Neon Man, Comet Man, and Totem Man.
Are all the new little bosses there.
If this little clip of the boss select screen is to be believed.
Interesting.
Actually, one of my friends in Japan just was posting something from Cap Community related to Mega Man.
I think it might be this other thing, probably, that I'm about to mention.
The Street Fighter X Mega Man.
Actually, yes.
Yes, that's what it is.
This was also something that was announced.
This is a little more official.
That other one was more of a, like, indie whatever.
This is a little more official.
Sort of, though.
The interesting thing about this.
This project, the Street Fighter X Mega Man, has been going on for a while.
And you can find the guy's YouTube channel and find these old concept videos from, like, three years ago.
So this has been being worked on for quite some time.
At some point, Capcom caught wind of it.
Because now Capcom is going to be the ones that are sending it out through their Unity blog.
The Capcom Unity blog.
And they're going to make it a free download on December 17th, 2012.
You know, for all the shit that Capcom gets for pissing off their fanbase over the past year,
this is a very interesting kind of band-aid to try and make it right with the community.
Because, you know, they see this indie project's going on.
And for all practical purposes, they have every right to shut the damn thing down.
But they've learned from watching what happens to other stuff when that goes on,
that this is going to get out there to the internet anyway.
So let's embrace it, give the guy a little guidance, and then, you know, give it out as a goodwill thing for free,
and end up giving the guy some exposure.
And it looks kind of neat.
It kind of does the whole parody of, like, Mega Man 2 here in the intro, but...
You can see, like, Ryu's stage.
It even does these interesting things where, like, the bosses have, because they're Street Fighter characters,
have, like, super meters.
The bosses have, like, super meters.
And once they fill up, it'll do, like, this little zoom in, and they do their super attack.
It's kind of funny.
I was watching some of the old concept videos online, so...
It's really neat that it came to life.
I kind of wonder if the guy got any help officially from Capcom, or what.
I don't know.
Well, you can get it free on December 17th.
By the way, the super fan behind this, Sonic, is the name he uses online.
Xiao Zong Hui.
He's a pro-competitive gamer, additionally.
Very cool.
Yay, I love this music.
Filled, uh, end of game music.
You know, um, Brentlefloss did lyrics to it.
Of course.
Anyway.
Anyway.
I love looking at the little chibi Street Fighter characters done up in Mega Man style.
I think that's awesome.
So.
Alright.
Going back to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com,
GameGuru commented on that last story about Killer Instinct,
saying that the TV show came out right as Nintendo let that Killer Instinct trademark expire.
So, a small correction to me getting angry there a minute ago.
Good to know.
Dark Tetsuya in chat, talking on this Capcom Mega Man thing, says,
Yeah, the way Capcom handled that made me even more interested in checking it out.
I'm always down for more retro Mega Man.
Panaxium in chat says,
I'd play it if my reflexes weren't shit.
I'm getting old.
Yeah, you and me both.
Hopefully there's an easy mode.
Like Mega Man 2 style easy mode.
Alright, more news.
Dark Sakura.
News?
Oh, I'm sorry, we're to the mailbag.
Yeah!
Well, the news is, you all emailed us, and now we're gonna give you answers.
Fucking hell.
Mailbag at Orangelandrado.com.
Again, that's mailbag at Orangelandrado.com.
Dark Sakura's gonna dive in the mailbag head first, and pick out a few emails.
And, we were actually kind of, like, some weeks we get no emails whatsoever.
This week, we got a bunch.
All the emails.
All the emails.
So, Dark Sakura I think can only read some tonight, but she's gonna pick some and read them.
I'll go through them.
Goodie.
Surtur here.
What are the good games?
I don't know.
What are the good games?
Is that the whole sentence?
No.
Oh.
I like JRPGs.
I have Golden Sun, Dark Dawn, and Animal Crossing Wild World.
Which, I guess that isn't really a JRPG.
It's more of a kind of a sim, I guess.
What are other good games?
What do you think if the world ends with you?
Love the show.
I'm gonna guess he left out a sentence for the DS.
Because all those games he named are DS games, right?
I guess.
So, what are good DS games?
Dan likes Fire Emblem.
I mean, that's more of a strategy RPG.
Um, you know what game is surprisingly good?
Is the Cardhouse one.
The 30, the Clubhouse games.
That's what it is.
Clubhouse games is really good.
Maybe he's looking specifically for JRPGs.
I mean, you could play Final Fantasy III, Final Fantasy IV.
Yeah, the Final Fantasy IV, III, and IV remakes are really good on DS.
By the way, side story.
Did you hear about Final Fantasy IV is getting its iOS release like Final Fantasy III did?
Good.
Final Fantasy IV is gonna be coming out for what?
Android and iPad and iPhone and all that stuff?
Android, meh.
Hey, I'm just saying.
It's coming out for all those systems before the end of the year, I think.
At least in Japan.
Next email.
Howdy, OLR.
It's your favorite catastrophic magi.
Unfortunately, this week I come bearing sad news.
Unlike every other time I've emailed recently
where I bitch about release dates for certain games, or lack thereof.
I'm sure the name will mean little to you, but earlier today, Sir Patrick Moore
I know who that is, by the way
passed away at the age of 89.
He was best known as an astronomer and the host of the long-running BBC TV show, The Sky at Night.
How does this relate to gaming, though?
Well, to gamers in the early 90s, he was also known as the Games Master
from a TV show of the same name, doling out tips and cheats every week
as well as challenges to contestants.
And then he links a video to it going forward.
The Games Master was the gaming TV show in the UK
in my far from humble opinion
and has never been bested, let alone equaled.
Goodbye, Games Master.
Total goodbye.
I never saw it, so I don't have that emotional attachment
but I can imagine.
I knew who he was as an astronomer.
Imagine the day when Mark Summers passes away.
We are all going to have a cry.
We're all going to throw green slime at you.
You know what's funny about Mark Summers?
He was pathologically...
Yeah, OCD.
Yeah, as far as things...
He hated dirty anything.
Hey, it was a job.
By the way, going back to the DS email,
Meteos is like my favorite DS game.
It's a puzzler and it's great.
I have my plea appeal.
It's not a JRPG, sorry, but Meteos is great.
I'm just saying it's a great game.
Since he left out a sentence in that email,
I'm just going to make up what it said.
Way to assume, Rob.
Yes, that's what I do.
Next up, hello, OLR crew.
This is Rom...
I'm going to butcher this.
Romaditya from Indonesia.
I think that's actually right.
This email is probably rather personal
because we are fellow gamers.
I think that's all right for me to ask your blessings.
Yes, I just got married.
Congrats.
I write this email soon after the party is over.
It's December the 9th.
Wait a minute.
When the marriage and the celebration of the party is over,
don't email your favorite podcast.
Get to the baby makings.
Consummate.
I'm going to assume he meant after all of that.
I know that marriage is such a common thing,
but for me, it is special.
What I mean is how it will make my gaming life special.
As a blind person like me,
it is very difficult to enjoy video games.
An 8-bit, 16-bit era were the only great memories
I could remember.
It is fortunate that my wife is also a gamer.
Even though she cannot play modern games very well,
she has the ability to translate what's on the screen
to my imagination.
So she agrees to help me re-enjoy my childhood memories.
Well, we decided to snatch an Atari 2600,
sorry, NES, Genesis, and SNES.
We will start by playing the simple games
like Galaxian or Pac-Man
and continue to Super Mario Brothers.
The way I will play the game is like this.
She will explain to me what to do,
and I will play it with my game and the controller.
For example, go left, don't go right, et cetera.
That way, for instance, I can still play Galaxian and so on.
Our best collaboration was when we finished Contra
with 30 lives code.
Well, that's all for now.
I hope this little story can inspire other people,
even with disabilities,
that they can still enjoy video games.
PS, we'll send you real-time video of how I play games.
PPS, this is a little pic for my marriage party.
Oh, I'm going to look at it.
I tried to look at it.
It was blocked on Facebook.
Yeah, it's blocked. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
We would love to enjoy your photo.
I think that story is so cute, though.
It is.
I mean, it's just, that's great.
I love that story. I do.
You and Dan, you told me you guys kind of do something similar, too,
in your relationship.
You're not facing a disability on the severity of blindness.
I faced motion sickness.
Well, yeah, that's a thing.
And your ergonomic thing with your hand.
Well, this was before my hand.
Okay.
But we would play Resident Evil 2,
and I'd welcome through the game with the strategy guide.
I mean, because I couldn't watch the screen all the time.
I'd get a little motion sick.
But it's something we would do together.
Okay, so moving forward.
Alan and I level characters in Warcraft together.
At least we did.
We did his first character.
What about our paladins?
Our paladin pals?
You and I aren't in a relationship.
No, I'm just kidding.
Our paladin pals were fun.
They can be friends.
Shane and I have leveled, like, at least three characters together.
It's a fun friend thing to do, too.
I need someone to finish leveling.
We just set a time, and we'll do it.
Help me level my stupid troll.
God, anyway.
Wait, Loki, do you and Nellie do any bonding thing?
Oh, please.
Come on.
You play the game, and she mocks you.
I wonder if she's asking in the night.
She's like, I don't know, like, what are you doing?
I'm hunting dingos.
Did they eat your baby?
I don't know.
They try to attack you, and then you skin them.
For the record, the challenge is still out there.
I will still play Minecraft if someone buys it for me.
Just saying.
Oh, it is haunted.
I was going to say, Christmas is coming up, but actually,
your holiday is going on right now, so oops.
I don't really care.
I know.
Hey, gang.
I just thought I would drop a line and say hey.
Hey.
Hey.
I watched the VGAs last night, and I must say I was very impressed
with the Game of the Year winner.
I just finished The Walking Dead about two weeks ago.
I found myself finishing an episode, or sitting in my office and pondering
whether the decisions I made were the right ones.
And that's when you know you've played a great game.
So good work, Telltale, for beating the Call of Duty's Borderlands
and all the other big-name AAA games.
It goes to show what you, I guess that means what you can do.
If you take an old-school remedy and modernize it a tad,
it can be video game gold.
I also wanted to ask Loki, knowing that you're a big GTA fan,
I was wondering if you ever played Sleeping Dogs.
Yes, I have played Sleeping Dogs.
I just started playing after picking it up on the Steam Thanksgiving sale,
and I'm pretty blown away.
I didn't have a very high expectation when I started it,
yet I am having a blast playing it.
So check it out if you haven't, and if you have, what did you think?
I thought it was pretty fun, although I got bored of it pretty quick.
Moved on to other things.
Now everyone stop what you're doing, and it should be Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E,
not Y-O-U-R. I will correct everyone who does this.
Grammar lessons with dark soccer.
You know what? It's stupid.
You learn this when you're in second grade. I mean, jeez.
Just blame autocorrect.
No, I'm not blaming autocorrect. I'm blaming people being lazy.
Where was I?
And if you haven't yet, go play The Walking Dead.
Oh, one more thing, after I complete Dogs That Aren't Awake,
I'm going to pick up Far Cry 3.
I wasn't a fan of 2, though. I have it on PS3 and Steam.
Just didn't find it appealing, so if any of you have played 2 or 3,
your thoughts are 4 for 4.
Keep up the good work, Travis.
That's a low-key question as far as Far Cry goes.
I didn't play Far Cry.
Walking Dead, I'm making it a point.
I will play that before the end of the year.
I'm not going to name a game of the year until I've at least played that,
because that's what everybody really seems to be into.
I'm making it a point to play more Mass Effect 3.
That's a pretty dull point.
You know what?
Yeah, go ahead.
I have a butt bite it.
Yes, low-key.
Far Cry 3 is awesome.
What about 2?
2, I didn't play, because the same reason why I didn't like Dead Rising,
you have malaria in the game.
So you have to constantly give yourself medication bullshit like that.
I don't like that.
Dead Rising 2 sucked, because of that crap.
And then I got Dead Rising 2 off the record, and I'm like,
Oh, sweet.
I'm not going to worry about the stupid having to get medicine for a stupid girl.
Oh, but then guess what, Frank West, he has the problem,
and he needs to get the fucking Zombrex for himself.
I'm like, gone.
Get rid of this game, because it's absolute shit.
So no, I do not enjoy games that you have malaria in.
But Far Cry 3 is awesome, because you do not have malaria in that.
Malaria-free games are awesome.
Exactly.
I should call in sick to work with malaria.
Sorry, Mosquito bit me, even though they're in larval stage right now.
Hey, guys, I'm a new listener, and I've got to say that you guys have one awesome show.
Thank you.
Well, thanks.
I've only been listening for a few weeks,
and I already feel like you guys are close friends that I've known forever.
Yay.
I've had very similar problems, and in my life, I've been having headaches.
Stripes just passed away, I'm sorry.
Aw.
And he always laid in my lap while I played Minecraft and Xbox,
but the point is that you have a great way to make the show feel like a great chat with friends
and keep up the good work.
That was our goal.
Yes.
Mission accomplished.
Yeah, exactly.
Mission accomplished.
Thank you for validating exactly what we sent out to do.
We wanted this podcast to be exactly what dinner after playing DDR at the arcade for a night was,
which was just sitting around talking some smack, having a good time, being bros, right, Jamie?
Yeah, brofist.
Brofist.
Dude, bros.
You know, every time you say that, though, I think of John's wow character, bro dude.
And I almost made, like, girl chick just to be funny.
You should have.
I should have, but no one's ever on that server.
But anyhow, thank you for validating what we're trying to do.
Yes.
Appreciate it.
Thanks.
It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Michael Patcher opened his fried bologna hole again, saying that Activision should charge for playing multiplayer.
Fried bologna hole.
Is that what he called it?
Yeah.
Equating it to wow.
He completely missed the fact that while is always updating and adding new things to the game.
Do you think that anything resembling logic runs through his brain before he opens his fried bologna hole without comparing COD to other games?
Do you think they have a right or should charge for online play?
Fun fact.
I don't play either COD or wow as I hate them both.
Games do charge for online play.
Have you missed the online pass train?
Did you forget about that?
That was the thing.
What was he talking about?
Games charging for online play?
Apparently.
Read the first part of the email again.
Michael Patcher opened his fried bologna hole again, saying that Activision should charge for playing multiplayer.
Equating it to wow.
Well, I agree with that in one state.
Only one reason.
I think if they went throughout where, because a lot of people just buy it for the multiplayer.
In which case, if they sold it like killer, not killer instinct, but kill zone where they have the multiplayer version that you can buy for 15 bucks.
That portion of the game and that's all you get.
That might be worth it.
They could probably charge for multiplayer that way and sell maybe some more copies.
But as of right now, just because they're down by half a million copies, they sold over 7 million copies in the first month.
I don't say that's a failure of a game.
Yeah, okay, it's a little less than last year, but that is way better than 99% of the games sold right now.
I mean, they break their, the only reason they, I guess what, they didn't surpass the last year and the year before last records.
But come on, it's not gonna always increase.
8 million copies sold is just ridiculous.
You don't charge to play online when you're already charging to play online on the Xbox.
That's what Xbox Gold is.
I'm telling you, the minute I get double dipped for this shit, my Xbox is going for sale on eBay.
I'll even autograph it.
And hey, hey.
It's gone.
I don't want Xbox anymore if I start getting double dipped.
Hey, dipshit Michael Patcher, they already charge for playing Call of Duty Online.
There is a Hong Kong version, or Chinese or Hong Kong version of Call of Duty, Call of Duty Online, which is an MMO.
You charge to play online.
So, they've already done that.
Some comments from our chat room.
Raginator says, Patcher should just blow it out his fried bologna hole.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob, I think his mouth resembles more like Wanda's macaroni salad.
Oh, I see what you did there.
Alright, moving on.
Is that the right word?
Oh, no.
Is there more email?
No.
Yeah, there is, but there was more to that one.
Yes.
It says, good day citizens, serious turtle.
Oh.
And this is the last email that matters.
I'm kidding.
I'm sure achievements and trophies aren't such a big thing for you guys, but do you sort of wish Steam's achievements added up to an overall gamer score as with Xbox Live, the PlayStation Network, or even iOS slash Mac Game Center?
And that comes from Robert M.
It'd be okay, but it's not a deal breaker. I don't really care.
Like, are we talking like a unified achievement system?
That's kind of what the website Raptor tries to do a little bit. R.A.P.T.R. I think it's spelled.
That's kind of what they're trying to do with their site.
I mean, there's a little more to it than that, but they try to track all your gaming.
It didn't track my game progress in Grand Theft Auto 4.
Although I know it's retroactive, but like I played the fuck out of Grand Theft Auto 4 and it says I haven't played it at all.
Was that on 360 or?
Yes.
That's weird because it picks up all my Mass Effect activity and all that stuff.
Yeah, but stuff that you'd played before you joined Raptor or during?
Oh, I thought I picked up the befores. Not the hours. It doesn't pick up the hours from before.
Oh, it should have because I played the fuck out of that.
I'll tell you what, I hate the crap out of Origin.
I do too.
Which is why I always at least run my Mass Effect 3 through Steam so that it'll pop up through Steam and then Origin.
I'm not sure there's a way to really unify all that though, unfortunately.
Like, sorry to the emailer, but I think some people are trying to create online.
I've heard of a gaming social network, and I can't remember the name, that I think is aspiring to do something very similar as well.
So you have these different startups that are kind of competing to fill that void of, you know, your universal gaming badge.
But nobody's really cracked into the mainstream yet.
I mean, Raptor's probably the biggest one I can think of, but they're not a Twitter, they're not a Facebook yet.
They're still very, very niche, and I bet a lot of gamers still haven't heard of them.
Hitstun in chat says, Raptor's pretty nice, but there's plenty of stuff it doesn't track, like Minecraft with third-party launchers.
And it tries to make you use their shitty web browser, but the stats are nice.
So, there you have it.
Right, that's it.
That's it, mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com if you wish to send us emails in the future.
This is the part of the show where we get angsty.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here.
This is fucked up.
I actually can't really say anything about it.
So, it's a blanket F you to a situation that I really can't do much about right now.
That's it.
Loki.
I figured it would be so expensive.
I'm actually looking at this real quickly going through Newegg to see if I could create one of those Alienware PCs that they have for cheaper than obviously they offer them.
And yeah, you probably can.
But it's still expensive.
Um, F you to latkes.
Do you know how fat you've made me tonight?
No.
Do you know how many hours on the treadmill I won't spend burning this off?
No.
Rob, potassium.
I eat bananas.
Actually, potatoes have more potassium.
Really?
I'm gonna find it for you.
You gonna find me a study?
A scientific study?
Alright, let's do a couple more news stories and then we'll go to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But not just yet, we do have a couple more stories for you guys.
Loki.
Yes, because you know Hitman has had its share of really bad marketing ideas and well, there's yet another one.
Apparently they had a Facebook promotion where you can do a hire Hitman app for Facebook.
What it basically did was it allowed you to create these hits on different people and of course, you know, some of the reasons I guess.
Target identified by, and then there's a drop down box, reason for target elimination.
So like some of the target identified by things are her small tits or her muffin top or her hairy legs or her ginger hair and that kind of stuff.
Some ridiculous things.
Apparently people took offense to that.
Oh, you think?
Yeah.
Imagine that, Loki.
I can't possibly imagine how this could have possibly been offensive.
Putting a hit out on your friend because they have hairy legs and small tits.
I can't, I mean, the madness of it all.
And I guess they also had, like I said, not only when you fill that thing out, I guess if your friend receives the app or whatever,
it says they were going to not only receive these death threats, but they were going to witness their full on hits,
including I guess their friend going through the process, flash pictures of their profile or something like that before their eyes, before they were killed.
And then I guess when they are killed, it tells the reason why.
You know, because Bob thought that your tits were small and that you were cheating on your partner or some garbage like that.
And I guess, yeah, I guess people were kind of offended by that.
And of course, we're sorry for any offense caused by this.
Like, where was the common sense when this was going through the testing process?
Like, multiple people must have worked on this project.
Where was the, I don't know, validation by a human being?
Like, was that just skipped? What happened there? How out of touch was this marketing department for real?
Dark Sakura, imagine you woke up this week and imagine you go on Facebook and you check Facebook and you say,
hey, and you see a little thing that says Rob Roberts has put out a hit on you because you're a bitch and you smell.
How would you have responded to that?
I'm going to cut that hooker.
Cut that bitch.
Dark Sakura apparently approved the app, ladies and gentlemen.
No, I don't. No, I don't.
He would have been like...
I would cut a bitch though.
You would have written a ten page paragraph about what bullshit that was as your status update.
No, I wouldn't.
I just ask people to explain certain social conventions that I find baffling.
SSJ100Matt says, the fact that Square Enix dropped this so quickly tells me it was mostly behind their ad agency.
Yeah, I would think so.
Alan Alchemy in our chat room says, I'm guessing the team involved had zero women on it or the few women they had were shut out or ignored.
Now, to be fair...
You mean like DC Comics?
He's probably right, but just because I have to ask this because I want to know the full story.
Could I put a hit out on a man for having small tits and hairy legs?
I think you could. I don't know if they would have those options. Maybe they might, you know...
You do have rather small boobs, Rob.
Maybe they would sort them out because of, you know, by gender and they might have different things.
But, you know, a small penis.
Okay, right.
Maybe. I don't know.
Still not smart.
They probably...
Don't mishear me.
Because of his large penis.
But I'm just, you know...
I put out a hit on him because his penis is too large.
Do you know her? Her dick is so little. No.
Actually, I don't think it's even that necessarily it had zero women on it.
It had zero people that, like, actually are in the demographic they're trying to target.
I think that's the biggest problem with things like this.
Is it's like, you know, like, you can just imagine all these old fuddy duddies sitting in a room talking about, you know, what's cool and what's hip and what the youngsters are into.
I'm hip. I'm cool.
Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
And it's like, if you had shown this to anybody in that, like, you would have been told.
It's stupid.
It's dumb.
Quite. Rob, quite.
Alright. Moving on.
Well, good on them shutting it down as fast as they did.
But lesson learned.
Screen that shit before it goes live.
Just saying.
This is interesting.
Have you ever heard of a VRC6 cartridge back in the days?
NES.
VRC Memory Management Controller chip.
It was something that Konami had on Famicom cartridges.
It would add three extra sound channels allowing for richer audio.
Here's an example.
Here's what Castlevania 3 sounds like in the U.S. in the NES.
We all know that one, right?
But here's what it sounded like on the Famicom because of the three extra sound channels.
I love this version too.
Very different, huh?
You should hear how The Legend of Zelda sounds.
Did you know how many fucking games were dumbed down with the sound because of it?
This is really cool.
A chiptune artist named RussJet1.
We've had his stuff on the station before. I know this guy.
He has used the VR6 chip to remake the Mega Man 3 soundtrack.
Now, Mega Man 3 was already fucking awesome, right?
Okay, so here's an example.
Here's Magnet Man's original theme.
This is the original.
A good song. Remember that?
Here is RussJet1's VR6 version.
So it's a little bit remixed too.
He didn't just take the original and overlay it.
He just completely kind of redid it.
So that's really cool.
He actually played through Mega Man 3 with the audio silenced,
laid his tunes on top of the game footage,
and then when he gets to Wily's Castle, it even goes through.
So it's awesome, this whole little video that's out there.
Protoman's theme, everything is there.
So you can check that out at RussJet1.bandcamp.com,
where he distributes a lot of his stuff.
Very cool. Very cool.
Yeah, so, I mean, gosh, I want to go back and replay
all these old games on a Famicom emulator
just to hear how awesome the sounds were.
You really should hear the differences between
the different versions of The Legend of Zelda.
It really is kind of night and day.
Well, let me open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And while we wait for some calls,
let me see if I can bring that up here.
I think that you can find it.
I mean, it's really just the fact that
there was a little bit different instrumentalization
on the two different ones, so...
Let's see.
You should look for the...
The disc version.
Yeah, this is the disc version.
Hmm.
It's going through the title screen and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Well, some of this sounds normal.
Oh, yeah.
I guess we have to get to, like, the dungeon.
Let me fast forward a little bit.
But it's a lot richer.
Oh, yeah, you can even hear an extra little ding.
Let me see if we can get to the dungeon.
Here we go.
You hear the difference in the start?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You hear the difference in the start?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So it's mostly...
No, it's in the sound effects.
Oh, yeah, you can hear it in that.
But actually, if it had allowed to play through the intro,
it would have sounded different.
Let me go to the phones,
because we're getting some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Panaxium.
Hey, another video caller.
What's up, Panaxium?
Hey.
Hi, you can't see me, but I'm waving.
What's up?
Rob, you're a special, special person.
I know, I know.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I was actually calling to see if you guys had heard of Starbound.
Starbound.
Is this like...
This has to be like an Earthbound fan sequel, right?
Actually, no, it's the spiritual successor to Terraria.
Really?
Okay.
No, tell me about it.
Tell me more.
It's actually going to be very sci-fi.
So you're going to be able to visit other planets and stuff,
and each planet's going to have different ecosystems
and monsters and things like that.
So far, it looks like it's going to be really cool.
I love Terraria.
I don't know if you guys had a chance to try it.
I have tried it.
I prefer Minecraft, I've got to say.
Terraria really did not tell me what to do.
I tried to get into it and could not.
Yeah, but I went back and played it after I enjoyed Minecraft,
and I was like, all right, I see why people get into this,
because it's like if Minecraft were on the Super Nintendo,
this is what it would be.
And that was pretty cool.
Yeah, pretty much.
And the new ones, they have the graphics,
they have the variety of things you can get and do
and different races you can play as, and it seems really cool.
Is it by the same people who did the original Terraria?
Yeah, it's the same group.
They've expanded it, though.
There's more people working on it.
Oh, nice.
Well, I'm glad the first game worked out so well for them
that they can actually do a sequel.
That's got to be good.
And it actually led me to a question,
and I thought I'd kind of pass it along to you guys
to get your opinion.
Do you think that this will ever move from being an indie-type game
with Minecraft and Terraria towards being a big project?
Anything's possible in this day and age.
You see things like the Gianna Sisters game
started as a project greenlight thing,
and now it's an Xbox Live Arcade.
I suppose a lot of it is, what do the developers want?
What are they kind of willing to do?
Sometimes people don't really want to play by the rules
that systems like Xbox Live and so forth might set out.
I think we've all heard the stories before
about the patching on Xbox Live
and how it costs all this money
if you want to do a patch beyond the first one,
and it's really turned some people off.
They won't patch Fez because of it, right?
That's a whole big thing behind it.
Now, Nintendo's changing that up a little bit.
We reported on that a couple weeks ago.
We have yet to see the impact of that, if it works,
but Nintendo's really trying to woo the indies towards Wii U
by not charging a fee for any of that stuff,
so it could be very interesting to see where they'll end up.
I guess at the end of the day, it just depends.
Do they think they can create the gaming experience
they want on those systems?
I don't know.
I seem to remember Terraria made pretty good use of the keyboard,
so maybe they're worried about putting the controller into that environment.
I don't know.
It's a risk worth taking,
but they have to decide if financially it's one that they'll get the downloads from.
But if the community demands it, you never know what might happen.
Yeah, exactly.
Those cooperative collaboration games
where you're building and exploring together,
those are my kind of game. I always liked them,
so I'm hoping that they get more exposure and more games made in that style.
That's the type of stuff that seems to really do well on Xbox Live indie games, too,
is all the Minecraft clones.
You look at the top games,
half of them are Minecraft clones. It's crazy.
Yeah.
Well, that's what I had called about and just wanted to call in and say hi.
Well, hello, and thank you for alerting us to a game we ought to be keeping our eyes on.
Yeah, I'll go ahead and post the link to their website in the chat.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, thanks so much for the call, buddy. Take care.
Panaxium, everybody, on our Skype line.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I'm looking up Link to the Past right now.
Oh, wait. No, Link to the Past is the Super Nintendo one.
That would have been different.
What was the Adventures of Link?
It was the second game of Link.
Live Radio, boys and girls.
Here we go.
The Adventure of Link title.
Yeah.
Oh, wow. Even the little...
That does...
That sounds different, too.
See, I always knew the Famicom game sounded different.
I knew about this chip and all that stuff, you know, just keeping my finger on the gaming community pulse
as long as I have been.
You knew about this stuff.
I never really sat down and took the time to listen to some of this stuff.
That's awesome.
Pass order.
That's awesome.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's the one and only Rama.
Hey, Rama. What's up, buddy?
I just want you to know, for the first time in the history of calling this show,
you guys have derailed me from what I wanted to talk about.
Uh-oh.
What?
RushJet1.
After hearing that music, I went straight to the Googles.
It's pretty awesome, isn't it?
You have no idea, especially with the fact I have a lot of stuff to do tomorrow.
I'll be filling this up on my phone tonight.
He's good, too.
He's got a lot of stuff.
There's a track that I think we have in rotation on VoG, actually.
It was on the old Orange, because I went through the old OrangeLoungeRadio files
and we were putting together VoG's initial playlist.
Obviously, we want a mixture of geek stuff as well as the video game stuff in there.
But we actually had...
Oh, shit. Now that I'm talking about it, of course, I can't find it.
But we actually had in there a track that was called...
I think it was Konomized, was the name of the song.
I'm going to see if I can find it while we're talking here.
I'll play a little clip of it, but it was awesome.
By the way, Jason also suggested finding the Hyrule Castle Famicom version from Zelda 2.
Oh, I've heard that one. It is phenomenal.
Yeah. That's pretty amazing.
I don't even like Zelda 2 that much, but I love the music in it.
Actually, Zelda 2 is my favorite one, because believe it or not, that was the first Zelda game I ever played.
Wow.
The first one for me was the first one, but I just didn't like the side-scrolling aspect.
I mean, I'm not going to whine because it was hard, because the game was really freaking hard.
But it was just the style. It just didn't seem quite right.
And it also looked like Link was stabbing people with his cock.
The downward thrust.
Come on.
I was in puberty. I knew what those were.
Just a second.
So what else did you call in to talk about tonight? Just Rush Jett or...?
No, no. I was out earlier, so I missed half the show. I apologize. I apologize.
Shame on you. It's fine. It happens.
I just want two quick things. Did you hear about what's happening to G4?
The Esquire thing? Yeah.
You might have missed it when we were talking about it, but another podcast, The Nerdist with Chris Hardwick,
Alan informed me that they were talking about that it's actually like Brovo, is what the network's basically going to be.
And we were coming up with a joke, The Real Dude Bros of Orange County might be a show.
Sounds like Hipster Spike TV.
Yes. What do you think the Esquire channel will end up being?
I don't know. I don't think I want to know. It'll be funny nonetheless to see the end results.
Here's the other question. Do you care?
No, not really.
Here's that song, by the way, that's in rotation on VOG. I found it.
It's using a lot of the sound effects you hear from Konami cartridges and kind of their sound palettes, so it's pretty awesome.
Anyhow, that's Konamiized by Rush Jet, and I'm sure that's on his bandcamp site as well.
Good stuff, huh, Rama?
Oh yeah, and I found he has two albums on 8bitpeoples.com as well, so I'm definitely grabbing those.
There you go, there you go. Alright, well, anything else on your mind tonight before I let you go, buddy?
Yes. Have you heard of a convention called MagFest?
I've heard of it, but I'm not sure what it is.
Is this about Mag the Game on Sony or no?
No, it's a four-day gaming convention.
Oh, okay.
All types of video games. And I'm checking the guest list. They have some interesting people here.
Let's just say there's somebody here where we may have to ship Dark Soccer over to DC for it.
Uh-oh.
Who's gonna pay for the ticket?
I have my ways.
Okay, what's the talent that's gonna be there?
Well, a couple of names here we've heard on the show, like John St. John and Eric Ruth Games.
Yes, I definitely know John St. John, yep, yep.
And since you mentioned Castlevania earlier, Kinuyo Yamashita, a composer for Castlevania.
Ooh.
Wow.
Nice.
And, um, can I get a drumroll, please?
Yuzo Koshiro.
Nice!
Ooh.
I need to go. I'm a huge Yuzo Koshiro fan. That's awesome.
Well, we have one spot left in our room.
When is it?
First weekend of January.
Oh, that's like really soon. Oh my God.
I can't do anything that weekend, because that's when my coworker is already out, so I can't take the same time off.
Well, that's okay, because my crew, we're gonna take care of you guys at MAGFest, so we are in line for press.
Awesome. SSG100Matt says MAGFest is amazing. Brental Floss has been there the last few years.
Yes, and also they also call this con drink fest. I don't think I have to explain why.
Can't imagine why.
Well, there's a reason why they're walking around with styrofoam containers.
Hopefully I make it out there for PAX East. We'll see. I'm still trying. I have to wait for them to open up the media registration to see if, you know, we can make that work.
Well, my entire staff, we got our badges in advance, then we're gonna apply for press, and if we get pressed, then we'll just pass the badges on to somebody else or whoever.
There you go. There you go. Paying it forward.
Got that shit right.
Alright. Alright, buddy, I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls.
Take care, man.
Alright, take care, buddy. Have fun at MAGFest.
Will do.
Yep. Yeah, and I've basically been told that basically, yes, I am being forced at gunpoint to go to Dragon Con next year, so that's like a thing.
I've been told if you want to go to PAX, you better go to PAX East, because you ain't going to PAX Prime.
Alright. Yes, sir.
1877 GameOLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
So, yeah, if you're in the southeast part of the country, you might want to make plans on Dragon Con, because there's like a lot of vog stuff going on at Dragon Con next year.
That's all I can really say.
OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype, 1877 GameOLR.
Loki, I can go to you for last minute stories, but I can also do the Twitter topics.
I've got last minute stories if you want them.
Yeah, go for it.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas will be coming to the PlayStation Network probably next week.
It's dated for December 12th in Hong Kong, I believe. It's the English version there.
However, it has been also confirmed on the Drop, which is the PlayStation Blog's little bit where they talk about stuff that's coming out.
And next week, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas PS2 Classic.
So, fantastic that that's going to be coming out.
Also, there's been some Linux system requirements popping up on Steam for some games that haven't really been announced yet.
Serious Sam BFE's Linux requirements have been on there, and also some more of the, I guess, a few Greenlight games as well.
So, perhaps more evidence that they're really working towards that Steam version, or the Linux version of Steam for the Steam Box.
Be interesting. And then finally, the next Assassin's Creed is going to be in Brazil.
And this has been actually confirmed, I guess GameSpot says they verified the translation that the next chapter is supposed to be held in Brazil.
And this was coming from Ubisoft Brazil.
Imagine that.
Yes, that their next game is going to be there.
Obviously it'd be perfect for them to be working on it in some, you know, capacity.
That's it.
Going to some Twitter topics.
Oh, sorry. One last thing real quick.
Again, 1-877-GAMEO-LR or username on Skype.
As I mentioned on my Twitter this week, I am very disappointed to announce that Earth Defense Force 2017 Portable has been cancelled in the US.
At least the retail release of it.
Now, that doesn't rule out that they could be doing a digital only version, which would make sense.
Because the Vita not doing so great, and a game that's kind of niched like Earth Defense Force may not sell very well as far as releasing it retail.
DJ Max Technica just came out on Vita this week, and it's apparently easier to get on the digital store than it is to get a physical copy.
I don't, yeah. So, that might be why.
So, let's go to the phones, because you do have a call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator. And look, another video.
I like that the callers are actually listening to the request for more video.
What's up, buddy?
No, not too much.
I just have a couple of questions for you.
Sure.
First off, I know that ROMs are kind of a legal gray area.
But in terms of the emulators, assuming that you have, let's say, Final Fantasy XII for the PS2, you actually own the game.
Are you allowed to use an emulator to play the game?
You're right. It's a gray area. And I'm gonna say up front, I am not a lawyer, so do not take legal advice from me.
But my understanding is, you are entitled to make your own backup copy of a game that you own.
So, if you make your own backup copy, and you use an emulator to play that backup copy, I believe you're okay.
However, if you downloaded said copy from the internet, technically that's where you're in the legal gray area.
Are you gonna end up on Judge Judy and spend time behind bars because of it? Probably not. Probably not.
But are you being 100% legal? You're a law-abiding citizen by every step of the way? Probably not.
But I think ethically, if you wanna ask the ethical question, if you own the game, then yes.
You should be able to have the emulator and do whatever crazy things you wanna do with the hacking and the so forth.
You paid your money to support the developers and get the game and so forth. Have at you. Do what you want with it.
I think ethically, you're okay.
Yeah. I mean, I brought it up because I still have a lot of games on disk.
I got a way around. Luckily, the things back in August did not scale everything.
I still got my Final Fantasy trial and I've been dying to beat the game.
That is the GameStop collector's edition too. I can even tell because it's the same one I have.
The tin box? Yeah, I have that one too.
You can tell. That's what video allows me to do.
I've played it once.
It's a good game. It really is.
BlackWolf wanted to add to this conversation. He says it all depends on if you had to circumvent copy protection to make that ROM playable on the emulator.
That's a DMCA violation. But again, legally, yeah, but ethically, I think you're okay.
Yeah, I just kind of figured if there was something out there that a program did, well, it mimicked the hardware.
If I actually popped the disk into my computer's DVD drive, the original disk, basically turned my computer into a PS2,
I wasn't totally sure if it would be legal or not, so I don't want to get myself into trouble.
I think you'll be fine. Nobody listens to this show. That's the good news.
On the PlayStation 2, didn't you have that hard drive backup thing where you could load all the games to the drive and play them off the drive and it worked fine?
Yeah, it was...
No, not you. I'm sorry. That was Loki, not you, Reginator. Sorry.
Yeah, there was the HD loader that they had.
Yeah, the HD loader. And, you know, if it's games you own, that's fine.
But if you're renting games, dumping them and then shipping them back, that's ethically shame, shame, slap on the wrist.
Yeah.
So, anyway, sorry, Reginator.
Yeah, well, I don't see, at least with what you were just talking about, you know, even then, how many games are going to put onto that PS2 hard drive?
It was only a 60 gigabyte hard drive, or scratch it out, 40 gigabytes, and the average PS2 game was about, let's say, no more than 8 gigs, so...
That's where you hack things to get the 500 gig hard drive to work, which you can also do on the Wii.
Now, one thing I kind of touched on over the past month or two is that now that I don't have any consoles anymore, thanks to thieves, I've been getting into PC games.
And, you know, at least temporarily I've been using games for Windows Live in the marketplace, if only because I have a pre-existing account through Microsoft when I have my 360.
Sure.
Now, and I noticed that compared to, say, Xbox Live in their marketplace, there's hardly any, for lack of a better term, meaty games, like, let's say, the duels of playing Spockers games.
There's no Geometry Wars, no...
That's why it failed, sir.
That's why it unfortunately has failed.
And, unfortunately, what you see there is probably all that's gonna be there, because now it's all about the Windows 8 marketplace is where the future focus is gonna be.
I hate to be Debbie Downer, but I think games for Windows is sadly a thing of the past.
I could be wrong, you never know.
I mean, if people will buy it, maybe they'll still put it there, but I think they're moving on to this whole Windows 8 marketplace is the future.
Sucks for those of us that are always a generation or two behind, just because that's where we have to be, right?
Yeah, now, that being said, right now my computer has Windows 7 Home Premium installed, and now, would you recommend, based on what you know about Windows 8, would you recommend that upgrade to Windows 8 or stick with 7 Premium?
I haven't used it, so it's hard for me to say. I couldn't say, yes, you should upgrade, but I'm not using it myself.
I will tell you my hesitation is that I want to see how the compatibility looks with Windows 8 and kind of what the complaints are about it.
Also, if it's not broke, don't fix it.
Yeah. Most of my friends that are using it, this is kind of the bottom line that I've heard from people that are using it right now.
If you're on something before 7, then upgrade, but if you're on 7, eh, there's a few little perks, but it's not something you gotta get right now. It can wait.
Alright. Sounds good.
Alright, Rachel, I gotta let you go so we can wrap things up, but thank you so much for the call, and thank you for the video.
Sure, no problem.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, bye-bye.
Bye.
Alright, that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you to all our callers for calling it.
You know, now that we have the router and that the stream's not dropping, I think we need to get a studio cam back.
I think that might be something we need to do.
That way we can look at the listeners when they're calling.
Alright, um, that is not gonna do it just yet, because I need to get to the Twitter topics, but that is gonna do it for the Skype line.
If you didn't get through, email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Retertainment tweeted us earlier and said,
O-L-R, the Grammys ended with an award.
The Emmys ended with an award.
The Oscars ended an award.
The VGAs ended with Tenacious D.
What the fuck?
I'd say that's a good ending.
Unpopular opinion time.
I think Tenacious D is super overrated.
I don't think they're that good.
That's...
I caused Jamie to choke, yay!
No, the latke caused me to choke.
I know that's unpopular opinion, I'll get hate mail, I just...
For the record, when you reheat the latkes, do it on the stove.
Poor Jamie. Do you gonna be alright?
Do you water?
Okay.
I don't need an ambulance to interrupt episode of Orange Lounge Radio either.
We haven't had evacuation, we haven't had an ambulance.
She's putting the hack in Hanukkah.
Alright, let's see, Tigerclaw sent us a story lead here.
Bronies shut down their My Little Pony MMO, blaming copyright law.
You know what got shut down today, actually?
What?
Two of the largest indexers for Usenet.
Do people still use Usenet?
For any legitimate purpose whatsoever?
Yeah, yeah.
Hence why those sites are getting shut down.
It's legit.
I remember when Usenet was like, actually a...
It's legit. I mean, there's totally not pirated stuff on there.
But yeah, NZB Matrix and NZB...
Or Newsbin 2 got shut down.
Alright, so, back to the Brony story.
Some Brony developers were putting together My Little Pony online,
but a cease and desist came in from Hasbro,
but they pressed ahead.
They said, screw it, and they moved forward,
and they released the game's first episode a month ago.
However, Hasbro's lawyers sent down a shutdown demand to HLP online.
The team put out a statement, it's very carefully worded,
not blaming Hasbro through the shutdown.
Quote, Hasbro is not to be blamed here, they wrote.
As per US trademark law,
as soon as an infringement comes to light,
they are obligated to defend the trademark or they will lose it.
They had no choice in the matter, regardless of what they thought the project
or how it benefited them.
There was little we could do to work around it.
Discussions continued through the month, but it came down to one fact.
MLP online had to come to an end.
So it's that whole... You know, we've heard this a couple times this year.
I remember the whole gamer thing.
Remember when Reddit got su...
Not sued yet, but the cease and desist went to Reddit over the gamer thing,
where gamer.org had it, and then they said that Reddit had to stop using it.
I don't know if that's really been resolved yet,
but the guy was like, hey, I have a trademark and I have to protect it.
And a lot of people are like, why were you given that trademark in the first place?
Now, this is a little different because we can all understand
why Hasbro has a trademark on My Little Pony, but...
Rama in chat, I know one of our resident bronies says,
I'm surprised that Hasbro sent a C&D due to all the episodes floating around on YouTube.
Well, if Hasbro gets the magic button, those will all disappear real fast.
And the people just talking about it.
Are there Watch Me Get High and Watch My Little Pony videos on YouTube?
Like, reaction videos?
I'm sure there are.
Jeez.
Never choke on a lot, good people.
Tigerclaw tweets us to an article about times lists of the year, gadget of the year.
The Wii U, second place.
First place for gadget of the year?
Loki, you're gonna love this.
iPhone 5.
Times gadget of the year.
Those are tweets from Tigerclaw.
Lastly, from SSJ100, Matt.
People say Lego City Undercover is like Lego Grand Theft Auto,
but someone made a Lego version of the Grand Theft Auto 5 trailer,
and he links us to it. Have you seen this?
I saw it, yeah.
What'd you think?
It was kind of disappointing because it was the first trailer and not the second one,
because the second one would have been really cool.
But I mean, obviously that stop motion stuff takes a long time, so it's so cool.
But yeah.
But yes, Lego City Undercover, I swear to God, was at one time being worked on by Rockstar
because you see that first screenshot that they had?
Same fucking HUD, same, like, everything as Grand Theft Auto.
So I wouldn't be surprised at one time that that was the thing that Rockstar was working on with them,
but now it's, you know, Traveler Tales or whatever.
Whoever's putting it in, I think it's Traveler Tales.
When is that coming out?
I don't think they have it.
It's supposed to be launch window, so in the next three months?
Could be anything.
Fuck, I mean, seriously, was it Wii Fit U now is the first half of next year instead of launch window?
And the rest of us all March.
I mean, that, see, right there, that would have been probably the only, like, if I were to pick up a Wii U,
that would be the game I'd probably get, is that Lego City Undercover, because it actually looks pretty awesome.
But that's really the only game that's been kind of impressive to me, is just that one.
Sorry for the dead air, I was just catching up on chat there.
That is actually going to do it.
That was it for Twitter Topics.
You said you were done with Last Minute Stories, right?
I believe I am.
So that brings us to a close of another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Sad.
So, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts before we close up shop tonight.
And my final thought, I'll start tonight, my final thought is F you to Jelly Beans, they're addicting too.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
What, guys?
And Loki, your final thought tonight?
Check out the VoG Minecraft server if you haven't yet.
There's information in our forums on how to sign up, basically just say, hey, I want to sign up,
put your username on there, and I add you to the white list.
Because now we have, you know, Mob Arena, it's kind of fun just to battle monsters, and it's really fucking hard.
So, definitely worth trying it.
And just because I want to see more than, like, one person on there at a time, because it's pretty sad.
There's, like, it's a ghost town, so we need more people on there.
And I don't know how to get more people to come.
You need to plan a night.
I know, I know.
I'm here, and everybody converge this night.
And I will try to drop in if it's not like when we take the courthouse or something.
Well, I think if I get the mob, because I'm still working on the Mob Arena stuff,
I think once I get that done, or it's actually, you know, somewhat, they have some usable classes,
because we're still tweaking the classes, because some of them don't make any sense or don't work right.
So, once I'm done tweaking that and the waves and stuff like that,
because we had a problem at one time where it was just creepers spawning.
It was just tons of fucking creepers, and, like, literally you would see, you'd be watching the, you know,
up top, and I'd have, like, they have different waves.
They have one called a swarm wave, and all the creatures spawn one heart worth of health, but it's a ton of them.
So, all of a sudden we saw, like, 30 creepers just, like, poof, just spawned.
It was like, holy shit, there's a huge wave of creepers chasing after me.
So, it was kind of fun. But, yeah.
All right. Black Wolf says, we also need a Forza Horizon Knight.
I'll be down for that. That's on my queue for Game Rental games, so I need to send Silent Hill back,
because I'm probably not going to play much more of it.
I need to check out that game, because I need to use a game for my, uh, I have my steering wheel.
That would be fun to mess around with.
You know what game I have sitting here, waiting to play?
I haven't, I didn't get around to it for this week, but for next week, on the PS3.
XCOM, I have from the Rental guys waiting to play, so, excited to check that out.
I want the best PC game this year from, uh, I don't, I mean, I'm kind of surprised.
I was, um, spending, uh, Thanksgiving with, um, Spike from Game Buoy, if any of you listen to that show.
Which, if you don't, you should. They're a fun duo there.
But, uh, Spike was showing me XCOM on PC, and I played, like, a round of it,
and, uh, it was fun. So, I, I put the game in my Rental queue.
There you go. And now I have it.
Alright, um, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for listening to our show.
Thank you for supporting independent, you guys are already packing up,
and have one foot out the door, and I haven't even rolled credits yet.
I'm going to drive home. You're home already.
No, no. I have to get out.
My, um, my, uh, mouse died.
Oh, that sucks. Alright.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking it out.
If you like what you hear, please spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about Orange Launch Radio,
and, uh, help spread the word of independent podcasting.
You know, if you've listened to this episode and you've thought,
eh, it sucks, at least support other independent podcasters.
There's so many people out there that work hard to, uh, put this out there.
If you think it sucks, the more stars you give us,
it means the worse you think the show is.
Uh, yes, give us nice reviews on iTunes, please.
Uh, and, uh, you know, wherever you found this podcast.
Help us spread the word and, uh, yeah, that's all we ask.
Um, enjoy the world while it's still here, guys.
We'll see you next week to do it all again.
No, no, no. The apocalypse.
With another episode of Orange Launch Radio next week. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Launch Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
