Orange Lounge Radio
Riverhosts, DarkSakura, Skie and Loki
Tonight, December 16th, 2012, Wii Homebrew Channel is now running on the Wii U,
Microsoft lifts a ban on their Windows Store,
and one MMO announces they will end subscription fees.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio Live for this, our 486th episode, December 16th, 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games
and gaming culture and so forth with my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I am a happy, blissful person right now because I have Jojo's and coffee.
Now I made you explain this on Bobby Black Wolf's show so you gotta explain it here too.
What exactly are Jojo's for those that don't know?
They're like Oreos except they're the Trader Joe's brand so they're actually, they actually I think taste a little bit better than regular Oreos.
But these have like a candy cane filling in them so they are basically chocolate mint cookies.
Candy canes are great just saying.
They are and I put a picture I think of the box in the chat room but I can do it again.
I put one up on our site but I'll link a picture in the chat room.
Trader Joe's is like the best bachelor shopping store ever.
You know.
It's also.
I'm not like I'm not just for that audience obviously but you know it's it's a great place to shop.
Well I mean the thing that I like about it is that you can get really healthy good food for relatively inexpensive.
We actually spend less going to Trader Joe's than we do at the regular grocery store.
Now careful they're not paying us to endorse them so we don't go too far.
And I will tell you something if you happen to be someone who eats kosher actually is a good place to get kosher meat.
There you go.
And Hanukkah is all over right.
You've partied.
You partied it away.
Hanukkah ended at nightfall today.
OK.
Because it's eight days.
It started last Saturday.
Right.
I always forget like the sundown thing kind of.
Yeah.
I'm going.
This is the way that I tell people how to remember what days are for you know Jewish calendar.
In Genesis it says and the night and the day were the first day.
So night today.
Don't get all preachy.
I'm just saying that that's that that's why it's translated that way and that's how it helps me remember that it's at nightfall.
So say hello to tech master Loki.
Yeah.
Who will preach the gospel of hacking here on the show.
No I don't know.
I know but I would if I'm going to endorse anything I'm going to endorse the ultimate breakfast at Lumberjacks.
Yeah.
The ultimate breakfast is seen that thing.
The ultimate breakfast is fantastic.
It does live up to its name.
It is two pieces of French toast.
That's the side that comes on a separate plate.
The main plate is where the fun happens.
You get your choice of potatoes.
So I got country potatoes with you know cheese and you know green onions on it.
A half pound of ham four sausages four strips of bacon and eggs.
And it's welcome to America and America.
And what's great about the bacon.
You know most places I have to go.
Hey can you can you cook the bacon crispy.
This shit comes out.
It's perfect.
It is just like yes you can hear the snap of the bacon when you when you break it.
It's fantastic.
And it's so much food you can't eat it all at once.
I mean I eat a lot of food sometimes but that's like a meal for a few days.
And one of these days because I was looking at it and I thought about bringing it today.
But they have they have this burger that they take.
It's basically one of those burgers like they will take a picture of you when you order this burger because the burger is huge.
It's like the size of my laptop.
Was that the place that.
Well did you hear about the pizza burger thing.
Yeah I've seen that in like Japan or China or something like that.
Yeah.
So is it like the same thing like that big.
Yeah it's Lord it's giant.
It's a one pound burger.
And then you know all the other stuff.
It doesn't just have to be American dishes though because there's there's a faux place that Alan and I like to go to that's just up the street not that far.
And you know because they're they're open super late like till 1 a.m.
And it's such better late night food and like Denny's right.
But they do this thing called the faux king challenge where it's like this gigantic.
That's that place.
Oh that's right.
We have to go there on Christmas.
Yeah we do our little Christmas day.
Christmas day.
We always feel great.
Yes.
And I think the place is called like the faux king or so.
No that's not the name.
You eat your full king.
Yeah but it's it's the faux king challenge and it's like this gigantic ball bowl bowl of faux with like two pounds of meat and two pounds of noodles like it's insane.
Like we just we look at all the pictures in the wall of people who've ordered it and it's like oh my gosh.
You know what I think I should do the pho king challenge.
I don't think you can.
I think that's like two pounds of pork.
I don't know if you can.
You might you might have to.
I'm thinking about it.
Beg for forgiveness.
You know since they're bringing up epic mealtime and Chad did watch Epic Chef this week which is fantastic by the way.
I mean that needs to be like the Food Network.
It's kind of a cross between epic mealtime and like chopped which is great.
And then you know they present one of the ingredients is a suitcase of bacon because that's just you know the most unusual quantity of bacon ever a suitcase.
But one of the things about epic mealtime is they have a cookbook and the cookbook is actually in the quantities that they make it on the show.
So it's like OK.
This dish requires twenty five pounds of bacon and you know five pounds of beef and whatever.
It's fantastic.
Speaking of which my secret Santa got me four pounds of bacon and that's fantastic.
My secret Santa is my coworker and he knows that I love bacon.
Let's see Alan alchemy is in our chat room.
And I always say the fourth guest on our show is you guys live in our chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at vog network dot com the voice of geeks network six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern.
If you happen to be listening live participate with us in the chat room live dot vog network dot com where Alan alchemy says it's actually called full buck yet or something like that.
Yes thank you for just giving away where we lived to all the listeners because I just said it was right up the street.
No there's like 15 of them.
Yeah.
We see full boxing yet.
Does it.
It's not as funny as full king.
It's not.
It's not.
But I know I've seen the pictures on Facebook of the full king and you know obviously the play on words is why they call that the full king challenge and all that.
I think this the place is actually.
Yeah this is the same place as the one that's by American River College where I go to school people who don't do anything in my school.
But their food is amazing.
Seriously if you're ever up in this area go eat their foe.
It's fucking good.
All right.
We are going to get into our gaming weeks and all that fun stuff but I want to start off the show with a kickoff topic and I'm going to start off with kind of the whopper that's that's going on out there.
I kind of want to not get it out of the way but get it out of the way because I know there's a lot of you guys that want to talk about it maybe on the Skype line or what have you.
Obviously here in America we had a horrible horrible events that happened on Friday and just these this unimaginable tragedy that happened in a school in Connecticut and like I just like I can't wrap my fucking mind around how awful what happened is.
I mean it's just it is it is unexplainable like the madness behind what happened is truly unexplainable but that doesn't stop humanity from trying to explain it and trying to find a reason for it and trying to point fingers at things.
And I know we all saw this week how. Unfortunately the finger got pointed pretty quickly at video games.
In fact the finger for a short time was pointed at the wrong guy. The gunman's brother, a guy named Ryan Lonzo I believe was who went on this Facebook and said dude it's not me leave me alone.
Yeah right. So you know but that didn't stop hordes of people from because the media had already tried and convicted Ryan Lonzo.
They didn't stop people from going on his Facebook finding all these things he liked because you know people want to get inside the killer's mind they want to be inside the mind of what drives this person to madness and to do such terrible terrible things.
And so you know oh blame the video games. And so Ryan had liked a video game that we here at OLR ourselves like Mass Effect.
And what happens the Mass Effect page gets filled up with all this you've got blood on your hands you made a game that is responsible for this event happening and dah dah dah dah and all these these really really just jump to conclusions things and just hateful things.
And I understand that in times of tragedy we want to like wrap our heads around and find a reason like why and how could this happen and how can we prevent it from happening again and all this but that doesn't really excuse mob mentality.
No it doesn't. Which is what really happened in this case.
And it's kind of unfortunate because being a fan of Mass Effect as you know both Jamie and I are and you know obviously we've talked about it ad nauseum on this show.
But when I think about the most violent video games I know and things that have like horrific imagery does Mass Effect have some bad stuff.
Yeah, but is it the worst I've ever seen. Not by any stretch of that ending the original ending it drove them to actually have to share something with you that someone posted on Tumblr.
Sure go ahead. I reposted it on my Mass Effect Tumblr just saying no one plays Mass Effect and says whoa this is violence it's really inflaming my inner serial killer. No they play Mass Effect and then they cry.
Absolutely it's it's it's emotion you you make a lot of decisions about you know how what's what's the way to react here and and you can play the third one with no combat.
If you make bad decisions you will suffer for those decisions it's not just kill for no reason like other games like let's say Carmageddon or Postal or whatever and I'm not necessarily pointing the finger at those games and saying these games are the reason that this happened.
They also like Grand Theft Auto.
No.
But he liked Grand Theft Auto and the funny physics cars which I happen to love as well.
The falsely accused killer or the real one?
I don't know somebody. Everybody loves Grand Theft Auto.
But see the thing is I don't personally don't really care about what he was thinking. I don't care. I don't think that way. I don't want to think that way. I don't want to understand that kind of thought.
What I want is for people who have those mental issues to get treatment instead of you know hospitals losing their funding and putting crazies back on the street.
There is an angry mob that has grown out of this horrific event. There is an angry mob and they're coming for anything that they can relate to what caused this horrific crime. Do we need to talk about it? Absolutely.
What caused it? Bullets coming out of a gun.
Well yes but I mean there's obviously you know what what drove him to it and so forth. There's no easy answer.
This is the problem is that I don't think necessarily we'll ever be able to explain what drives a person to do something like that because the rest of us are rational people and we don't think irrationally like this person did in this scenario.
Like that's a good thing that we're not capable of getting inside that man's head. Right? Like we shouldn't be able to know that because that's a dark dark dark place.
Well if I can reference one other thing. Sure. There is an article written that's on the Huffington Post it's been floating around about a woman who has a child who has they don't know what exactly is wrong with him but it causes him to lie and lash out and do very violent things.
You know things that they're saying that he has in common with the the gunman. You know and but they said that they can't do anything for him until he does something that gets him convicted.
You know you can there's no public mental health to take care of that kind of thing. They don't treat them until they've committed a crime.
Well there's a lot of there's a lot of politics that's going to come out of this and it's going to be around mental health and health care in general it's going to be around gun control.
It's going to be around you know access to getting into schools and all of this stuff and I don't really want to get into the politic part of it right now.
But what I do want to get into is I want to get into the fact that you guys better be ready because gamers are going to get blamed for this whether you want to be or not.
And if you don't believe me why don't I play a clip from you from one of the major news networks that a lot of people watch on the day of the shooting. This clip from Fox News.
We learned that he's 24 years old the shooter at the mall shooting near Portland, Oregon.
I want to point out Ryan was 24 years old Adam was 20 so this was still during that whole time where yes the media was perpetuating false information.
But again we're looking for that reason we need to point our finger at something to blame.
Oregon earlier this week was 22 years old.
I mean these are young guys doc and you mentioned earlier that sort of how people lose themselves in certain online activities gaming what have you and I don't know what the background was of these guys but it doesn't seem totally coincidental that they're both in their young 20s and young men.
I don't think it's coincidental at all.
I think we've got to look at these forces that empower people to get some knowledge through the Internet and so forth.
But there are a lot of dehumanizing forces that come with that reality TV is no friend of preventing such things.
Facebook is no friend of preventing such things.
I have to say and I think we're at a time again and we mentioned this earlier we've now pushed the red line of the unthinkable into kindergarten classrooms.
So if you're a 20 year old male and you play online games look out and you like Facebook look out.
It's basically old people just saying things we don't understand they're causing the problems in this world.
Damn that rock music in those comic books and and the television and the skateboarding and and those all those things that the children like I mean that's basically what it sounds like to me.
And then we call it Fox News.
In the same breath today I was listening to a.m. talk radio and in this on the car ride home from the city today and in the same breath that legislators are talking about gun control.
They're talking about and maybe we need to look at the violent movies and the violent video games as well.
So if you don't think that they're coming after gamers to try and blame this for what happened this unthinkable horrific tragedy.
Wake up. What can we do about it.
I think what we need to do is show the world that there's a lot of rationally thinking professional people that happen to play video games.
Yeah and watch movies responsibly because we're responsible people.
Rob 20 years it's going to be something else. They're going to point the finger at something else.
It doesn't matter though you can speak rationally I want but these people that are coming up with these laws and stuff like that that are trying to you know we need to censor games because it's causing people to be violent.
Those people are irrational as well so you can't argue with them because they're not rationally thinking anyways.
The whole the whole point is that and I'm really really trying not to get political.
I know you're showing great restraint but they need to start looking into the people themselves who do this not just you know.
And also I'm very irritated that they're trying to bring up that this guy had some form of autism which I know for I know plenty of people who are high functioning autistic who have zero.
But he did is the act of a sociopath or Asperger's like how quick were they to try and say that this guy had that and I don't know if we really know that or not.
I'm going to tell you how many people do I know that have a form of I'm going to tell you one thing about Asperger's right now.
It doesn't affect your emotion it doesn't affect your ability to think as a rational human being or feel sympathy or feel anything for another person.
What it does is it sort of makes you look at things more causatively with a little bit more logic instead of the initial emotional response that most people have.
For example you know there would be how one person would look at this and then say oh the poor parents oh let's blame someone.
A person with Asperger's would more likely be like what caused this where can we get to the root of the problem how can we make sure this doesn't happen again.
That's the difference instead of you know and I know like I said I know plenty of people but the thing that they need to really look at is that this person had something that went wrong in his head that made him snap.
And a look at it too there's a little bit more in that the part with one of the people he killed was his mother.
What was going on between him and his mother.
What was going on at home.
What was the situation that formed this person that led them to that because a person is not just what they play a person is a collection of all the experiences that has made them who they are.
Perhaps he had some sort of form of autism perhaps he had some sort of you know behavioral disorder.
There are times where sociopaths who grow up become very very good liars and they can pretend to be like everybody else.
They can you know maybe look like they have a dissociative disorder when instead they really don't have that same emotional connect to other people.
They don't feel that way to other people.
They don't care and no amount of therapy is ever going to change the brain of a social sociopath.
They need to be taken off the street.
It's a tough situation. This is a question that's not going to be answered for a long time.
The point and why I wanted to bring this up however is that I'm just I don't because I'm a gamer and this person who did the unthinkable is I guess being paid as a gamer although we don't even really know if he was or not yet.
I do not appreciate being put in the same bucket as this guy. Do you?
I'm a professional person with a professional job who's done the same thing for like 11 years and you know has run this podcast for 10 years and so forth and you know I have I'm a I'm a mature when appropriate individual that happens to enjoy video games.
Does that make me a bad person?
So if they if they decide that like the minute these legislators and so forth decide to loop in games as to what causes people to go bonkers I'm saying enough and I plan to fight it.
Same here. And I hope you all will fight it too. That's why I wanted to bring this up tonight. We need to fight this image.
But the whole point. Don't come at it with an emotional need your reaction to it. Come to this with logic and rationality. Have your facts ready.
You know talk to the ECA the Electronic Consumers Association. The ECA is probably one of the single best resources for information statistical information that's going to combat anything that faux news or anybody can throw at you.
And by the way don't just write off Fox News. There are people out there who believe everything that comes off of them. My mother is one of them.
Well and it's not even like almost every news station. I think NPR was the only one who didn't peg this the 20 the wrong person in the beginning.
It's not just like I just happen to have that clip because I stole it from game politics. Thanks. But it's not specific to that particular news network.
I mean no matter where your political leanings are how you feel about certain stations or what have you misinformation was everywhere this week including Facebook including Twitter and all of that stuff.
So as we try to find a reason for the unthinkable. Anyhow I don't mean to stray too far from what is supposed to be a light hearted escape topic.
We do play video games. Yes I am a gamer. Games are what I play to escape the world for a little bit just like a lot of you guys watch movies or TV shows or role play or draw paint read comics whatever it is.
A lot of these things are ways to you know break break out of the quote unquote real world for a little while when all this crazy crap is going on.
And seriously look at history. You know back in was it the fifteen hundreds. Are you familiar with the term called the bonfire the vanities. I remember the movie the bonfire the vanities were when the religious groups were going around saying that the modern stream of art in the early Renaissance was responsible for debauchery.
And I mean come on we're dealing with the Dometicis who were half popes and half killing off their relatives who were saying that all of this opulence and grandeur was a result of the artists and the music at the time.
So they were going out and burning paintings. Well is this much different than you know what happened then. Instead of that they're looking for another scapegoat and they're banning things and preventing them from being released.
We had the same thing with the records being played backwards in the 70s and 80s. I mean this is history. Why don't we fucking learn.
Totally. Why don't we just look at our history and finally fucking learn something pork chop in our chat room at live dot vog network dot com says soon they'll be T-shirts saying games don't kill people.
You know funny enough the ECA was giving out shirts at E3 or packs or one of those expos and it has a picture of the various controllers and it says contrary to popular belief these things do not make me a killer.
Love that shirt. I have mine. I need to fix the shoulder that shirt. I've repaired that shirt like twice case or Sarah in the chat room at live dot vog network dot com says I do wonder about the impact on a person who solely plays violent video games for a disproportionate number of hours a day specifically high consumers with social disorders.
And you know what you said the key word social disorder. Well and the fact that you know you solely play violent video games for a disproportionate that that implies that that person doesn't know when to put the controller down and needs like like a teenager a young adult or a child.
That's where the parents need to step in and watch what their kids are playing and make sure it's not a disproportionate amount. You know that's that's I think where somebody else has to step in and say you know enough turn off the TV.
And I know I've brought this up before. There was an episode of Penn and Teller bullshit where they took a seven year old and then a former I think he was a former Marine and you know the kid loved playing you know first person shooters.
He was really good at it and the Marine was a player too took him out to a fiery range and had him shoot off three rounds of a semi automatic gun. The kid busted out in tears and said he never wanted to look at a gun again.
And that's that would be me right there. I don't like guns. I don't want to touch a gun. Well I'll I'll do the carnival. That's that's our late light guns. Duck Hunt is about as long as I'm going to get.
I like target shooting. It doesn't mean that I want to turn it on a person. I like point blank. Well for example a friend of mine more like an acquaintance was doing an inspection at a home and a homeless guy came in and charged her and she shot him and she got away and he probably would have attacked her.
You know but even after that she was sitting in her car hyperventilating for having wounded somebody, you know, having a gun doesn't make you a killer being a killer makes you a killer.
I want to move on and get into back into video games. It was a topic that had to be brought up though so thank you guys for sitting through it really appreciate it. If you have some, you know, put together thoughts on it you want to email us mailbag at orange entre.com, we will take phone calls later in the show if you are brave enough to bring it up live here on the show.
But we do have a lot of video gaming topics want to get to, I want to close with you guys the listeners with some final comments here in our chat room case or Sarah with another good line here. I think it's like a buffet.
Nobody should only consume one thing all the time.
That is a good thought. And this is a great picture. Um, let me get what was that the what is the contrary to popular opinion these do not make me a killer. Well, except maybe the remote that shit's dangerous.
That's not, it's kind of like the shirt but yeah, yeah, I'm going to give a mortal king the last word on this because I think this quote is great.
I remember a saying from my teacher. If we don't learn from history. We are doomed to repeat it, whoever learns anyway.
You know, that's a great line, it just people need to put it into practice. Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of stuff we have been playing around the gaming world this week, dark soccer what video games you've been playing.
I played Mass Effect for eight hours yesterday. What was that line about, nobody should consume one thing all the time. I was sitting in my pajamas with a headache and not feeling well all day so I sat back and played all the Mass Effect I wanted and it was glorious.
Glorious and most of it actually wasn't combat just saying, I will tell you though if I had to consume one thing all the time it would probably be these Joe with the candy cane, you would be so anemic and just and fat.
What's what's that character from Adventure Time the princess, the glob princess. Yes. Yeah, we'll have to get you a little crown.
So I did play some well, long enough to talk to a few of our guildies in both guilds.
And I tried, I was looking up and down for one of our wired Xbox controllers, because I really really really really want to play Sonic Generations, and still haven't been able to find the wired ones.
So, oh and jackpot.
Good times jackpot.
Loki.
How you doing, good, I quiet through that topic.
I don't blame you. I don't blame you. All right, well how was your gaming week. Um, it was all right I played a little bit of Far Cry three.
Some modern warfare three, no black ops to this week, at least I don't think we did we were going back to. Now here's the funny thing is our network at work has been kind of crap, we get disconnected like all the time we're playing Grand Theft Auto, you know, it was just a problem
where like someone would probably get disconnected during their game, our games, and it was just, it was a pain in the ass so that's why we kind of switched off of it to system link games because actually for a while there we had an issue where we couldn't even connect to live at all, because of the firewall we had.
Well, for some reason like on Wednesday.
I noticed when we were playing black ops to system like that, you know, it says what are not settings are in the bottom right hand corner and usually it's strict you always would get the, you know, when you log in live, you know, or do a network test or something like that
you know you're, you're not settings are too strict that you may be limited to what games you connect to and that kind of stuff. But for some reason, it said open. I was like, wait, that's odd, you know why, why is it doing that why does it say open it's supposed to be strict, that's really strange.
So I didn't think much of it. And then the next day, played, you know, some, I think we played black ops two again, and it said opening and I was like, that's odd. I wonder what's going on here. So I'm like, hey, you want to try playing Grand Theft Auto.
And so we we played some Grand Theft Auto, no disconnects and played Grand Theft Auto again later that day, no disconnects. I left it on from my morning to lunch, a good three hours, nothing disconnected.
I played during lunch, nothing. And then finally, I said, you know what, I'm gonna see how long this actually lasts. I'm gonna leave it on from 3pm to when I get in the work the next day.
So 14 hours, no disconnects. I'm like, what the fuck is going on? This is this is like unheard of. So we've been playing Grand Theft Auto, I'm probably gonna go back to it now, assuming the network stays the way it is, which I'm I am so excited about that because I've missed Grand Theft Auto so much.
So we're gonna hopefully be getting into more episodes from literary city deathmatch again because I need to get back up in the rank charts. I fell down the 120 because I haven't played in a while.
So I need to get back up there. You need to break 60 again. And it's ironically, though, we played so much of the non ranked deathmatch that I'm number five in the world.
So that was kind of fun. You're number five in the world? Yeah, but I mean, it's not ranked deathmatch. So OK, it just means I've we've played it so much that we've earned so much money that we're number five in the world.
And actually, my co-workers are like in the top 20. But yeah, in ranked deathmatch, though, in Balladegate, Tony, I was up to like in the 60s out of the 200,000 people playing.
So that's pretty good. And then what else did I play? I played a little bit more Minecraft. I've been fixing some of the stuff. I've been actually trying to go around the just updated Spoutcraft, which is a different client you can use.
It's basically it allows you to add some other plugins to your bucket server to allow for new objects, like actually new 3D things in there.
So you can add guns and planes and stuff like that other than you shoot the Slenderman. You can make the Slenderman appear, but you can make those happen.
Although those are part of Flan's mod, which he's supposed to be working on. He's out of or done with school right now. So now he's going to be updating his mod for one point four five, which should be done by Christmas, he says.
So I'm hoping to add that in there. And plus, that client runs a little bit better.
You know, if you don't want to bother with putting mods on like like some of the different shaders and stuff, then it works a little bit better for you.
And I tried as all right. I am going to update my laptop, though, actually, because this laptop, they have a core i7 model.
And what I'm doing is I'm going to actually pop the i5 chip out of it and put a i7 in there that I know will run and also going to double the RAM in there.
So I have eight gigs of RAM because that's all I can really update on it and also going to reset the the heat sink on it because it gets really hot.
And it's just because the thermal paste is crap. So I'm going to put some Arctic Silver MX4 on there and hope for the best because I've done all the cooling mods I can on this thing, other than like throwing a bunch of copper inside there.
And who knows, I may end up doing that, too. So that's I think that's all I played this week. Yeah, that was it.
Believe it or not, I played some new games this week. A couple of them.
No.
I know, right? I did not touch Mass Effect at all this week. I know, shock and awe, right? Not even multiplayer on part three.
I did play on the PlayStation Vita. I played DJ Max Technica Tune, right? A lot of you music game fans been excited about this one.
It's out on the Vita. You can download it in the shop. So I just did the download version because I guess the physical versions, you can get them through Amazon soon or you could have pre-ordered them.
I don't know. I didn't get on that bandwagon. I was like, fuck it. I'll just do the download.
Once I learned about the whole thing where you can back up all the files to the PlayStation 3 or the PC so I don't have to keep downloading them every time, I was like, I'll just download it.
Even though I only have a gig card in there, I'll figure it out. So yeah, DJ Max Technica Tune. Pretty good use of the Vita because it's a touch game, right?
Very similar to Elite Beat Agents, except there's no stylus. You kind of use your finger. The bar goes along the bottom and then it comes back along the top.
So it's kind of like, imagine like a race track and as the little bar goes around the race track, you have to touch the little dots in tune with the music.
But sometimes you drag them. Sometimes there are multiple taps in the same place, even though the bar might still be moving.
So you have to like, you might have to do little taps that are kind of disjointed a little bit. So it makes it weird to hold.
And then special to this version because it is the PlayStation Vita, they do the back tapping.
Good news about the back tapping, it's not in a specific place. You just have to tap the back because that would be like impossible because the back tap is really hard sometimes to hold the controller and do it that way.
But you can just kind of tap anywhere. So you can do the back taps in that mode, although actually the back tap is only in one particular mode.
There's like an easy mode, which I think is the pop mixing. And then the more medium mode is the advanced or the star mixing. I might have those transposed.
The star mixing is one of them. And then the club mixing is the like kind of non stops where you do like four or five songs back to back.
And the song list, you know, I haven't really been following the DJ Max series. I didn't really play. I mean, I saw a few of them on the PlayStation Portable.
I played the arcade version of DJ Max a couple times. Like I remember the song Flee, but that's not in the game. It's more of a new song list.
It's a pretty diverse song list, obviously very heavy on the K-pop. No, there's no Gangnam style. But since, you know, a lot of people are into K-pop right now, thanks to that song.
And I know a lot of you guys that were music game fans were probably into this style of music before. There's a lot of that style of music here that won't disappoint.
Like five songs from the band Step, who's like this Korean girl pop group. Very bright, very vibrant, lots of bright background videos, music videos that are very, very bright, especially because this is kind of a girl band.
And you know, those types of videos tend to be very, you know, bright and poppy and happy. There's lots of visuals in there that kind of can entrance you.
And sometimes the background videos can be a little bit distracting from the notes. Not too terribly, but I did find in a couple places I was like, oh, that was a bad thing for the background video to do because it kind of makes it look like a new note.
But let's see. Yeah, I enjoyed it. It's tough because it's a $45 download. And you know, in this day and age, you're spoiled by 99 cent iPhone games and so forth. So the value is really tough to justify.
But, you know, there's like 60 some odd songs in the game and I keep unlocking stuff and I've been having fun with it. You know, as a music game fan, there hasn't really been a music game I've been into in a long time.
You know, BeatMania 2DX kind of like stopped and I hadn't imported those games in the longest time anyway. So it hasn't been a whole lot for me to get really excited about lately.
So DJ Max is a nice little, this is a music game that doesn't feel like the same old shit I've been playing for a long time. It's not falling notes, hitting the bar at the bottom like it's something a little different.
It's something that could really only be done on the Vita as well as it is. I think it's a worthy purchase if you're a music game fan and a Vita owner.
But again, that $45 price tag, it's a tough pill to swallow when you sit it next to iPhone. This is why a lot of people are saying the iPhone and the iPad and iOS is really hurting PlayStation, Vita and 3DS.
Because, you know, those games are this much money and, you know, we can download decent games for 99 cents on iOS.
But there you go.
So Shane's yelling at me because the band is Cara, not Step. Step is their song that I keep thinking of and yells at me saying this review fails. Well...
Well, technically there is a band named Steps, isn't there?
I think there was, but...
Then they did some stuff for DDR, Euromix, I want to say.
But I'm not giving it a bad review. I'm just saying the price tag is a tough pill to swallow next to 99 cent, $1.99 iPad, iOS games. That's the reality.
So I may not be as in touch with the music games as I used to be, but, you know, if I'm having a hard time swallowing a lot of this stuff, what do you think about the general public who really has to be able to buy this game in order for it to be very successful?
Just saying.
So I played DJ Max Technica, which I did enjoy overall.
Also, I spent about an hour today, not enough time to really get my head around it, but I did play a little bit of Zombie You, which is on the Wii U.
Basically, it's Demon's Souls, but with zombies. I mean, for real. Like, the marking from Demon's Souls is there.
When you die, you got to go chase down your body, except now your body is another zombie. That whole thing is there. A lot of heavy influence from that series.
But I got to say, they do the Wii U peripheral and all that stuff very well.
Like, just the way they integrate the second screen. Like, a little scanner device that you use to kind of scan the room around you and also be an illuminating light.
When you have a sniper rifle, you can use it to zoom in on zombies and so forth. Just kind of neat the way they integrate the Wii U controller.
They almost do it better than Nintendo Land, which is a little weird.
The problem with Zombie You is it's not going to be for everybody. It's a mature title. It's zombies. Not everybody is into the zombie scary stuff.
But if you're willing to sit down and spend some time with it, it's a good launch title.
It's a really solid launch title that really shows off the system almost better than some of the first party games do, I got to say.
I haven't spent enough time with it. I still need to touch the multiplayer mode.
I hear there's a lot of Nintendo Network influence. Like, you find your friends zombies are out there in the world or whatever.
But just to give you an example, you will be out in the world doing your thing and then if you get bitten by a zombie, you're dead.
You're reborn as another survivor, basically. Another survivor is discovered and you show up in the safe house.
If you want to go get your stuff, you have to go find your old self and kill yourself, basically, and steal the bag.
I like that. It's neat. But it was seen before in Demon's Souls. But maybe Ubisoft is kind of banking on maybe a lot of people didn't play that.
I don't know. There's lots of Zelda knockoffs out there in the world. Why not a Demon's Souls knockoff? It was a good game.
Also, that same insane high level of difficulty. But I do have to hand it to the developer's team.
As much as I say, oh, it's Demon's Souls with zombies, the way they integrate the Wii U device is great.
So, I mean, it is a game that you can really say can only be done on the Wii U. So, they did a good job of that.
I didn't realize as well that Zombie was an old-ass game from Ubisoft, like, way back in the day on the NES.
That's why this game is called Zombie U. It's a spiritual successor to that game. Kind of neat.
I also forgot to mention in my game week, since it's not really gaming, but I finished my Koopa papercraft.
Oh, yeah, I saw that on Twitter.
Yeah, it's now standing at my desk.
Yeah? What possessed you to do that project?
Well, originally it was because it was going to have it for Josh's first birthday party. I was going to have that as a centerpiece or something.
I just didn't finish it because the design that I was working off of, the way they had it come together, I mean, it made sense if you were doing a 3D model.
Because the pieces clipped into each other. But in the real world, you can't just phase an object through something else.
You know, you need to actually have it attached to one surface to the other.
So I had to tweak the model and make it work. And it was a little bit more difficult and time consuming.
But now it's done! And it looks somewhat good. I don't know, it looks neat.
People are like, what's that?
It did look neat. I saw the pictures on Twitter. It looked pretty awesome.
Yeah, it's pretty big.
Alright, that's going to do it. Oh, one other thing I will mention, just in a very candid way, since you talked about pinball.
I played a theater of magic machine yesterday. For real. Not one of the download services or whatever.
I played a real theater of magic machine at a gay bar in San Francisco.
Theater of magic is awesome.
Alan and I went to the city yesterday because his friends are having a house party.
Which one? Does it want to know?
I don't know. Should I say it on the show? Oh, whatever. It's Pilsner Inn, which is over, it's like Castro and Sanchez, I think.
Oh, then I don't know that one.
I'm sorry, Market and Sanchez.
This place was awesome because it's all decorated with penguins. You know I love penguins.
And there's all these penguin decorations in there. And then they have a theater of magic pinball machine in the back.
Theater of magic is great.
This is like a bar that was made for me. And the guy gave me a free soda.
Aww.
Because I wasn't drinking. I was designated driver, so they give the free sodas.
Oh, that's cool. Keep you alert.
Even though we were walking, I actually wasn't really driving that night, but it worked. It worked out.
So, yes, I played theater of magic as well. It was hard.
It's not, I mean, it depends on how they have the rules set on it, but I mean, it's not that easy of a machine.
It was a five ball for the credits, but I swear that ball in there was weighted because it just flew down the table. It was crazy.
Oh, Alan's correcting me. It was Church and Market.
That was close.
I want to see the penguins now.
I don't know myself. Oh, I took a picture. I put it on Facebook.
I'll show you on my phone here in a minute.
Alright, but we have to get into housekeeping and then the real gaming news.
Housekeeping, join us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Speaking of Facebook, you can also follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
We are also on Google Plus, and that's the place where you can always answer the foogle question of the week, which we'll get to in part B.
If you haven't answered it yet, now would be a great time. We'll get into that a little later.
Meanwhile, let's get into video gaming news, starting off with Loki.
Yeah, so let's talk a little bit about Steam and some of the updates they're doing.
They've got some new, well, they have the new wallet enabled, the Steam wallet, which will allow you to kind of tie with different community stuff.
Mainly, it's right now being used with Team Fortress 2, and it allows you to buy and sell items, I guess, using your Steam wallet funds.
So you can make some custom hats or something like that and sell them for fake money and then buy more custom hats.
It's all hat economy. But they've got that right now, and I'm assuming it's going to expand to other things later on.
So that'd be kind of cool. And then to kind of tie in with more of the community stuff, they're also launching game guides as part of the community beta.
And it's basically like game facts, sort of. People can create facts or guides or whatever, and then you'll see them on the different games.
You just click guides and you see all the user-made guides. So that's pretty cool. It's always good that they're adding more features.
Why do you think they want to put game facts into Steam?
Well, I think what they're trying to do is try to have it all encompassing, because if you think about it, if they're trying to go for this big picture mode and stuff like that,
they want you to stay in client rather than, oh, I've got to leave this client to go look up how to beat this boss or something like that.
They just want you to stay in the Steam client as much as possible, I think is the reason why they're doing that.
I guess that's pretty cool, because too many times when I've been playing a game and if I need the assistance of a guide or whatever,
I have to have that next to me, the iPad sitting next to me or a book even or whatever.
And they're not the only ones that have done that kind of stuff. I mean, look at IGN.
IGN, they're the same kind of thing. They have these wikis and guides now for different games, and it's all the same reasons.
Before with IGN, it was like, okay, get some game news and information and stuff, but, oh, I need to look up how to beat this boss or how to finish this level or something like that.
And before, you'd have to either go to the forums and hopefully there's a post about it there,
or you'd go to a Game Facts or something like that and go look it up, and once again, you're leaving their website.
They don't want you to leave their website. They want you to stay and soak in as much advertisement as possible.
Well, I mean, I guess it's also kind of like a valuable way to stay relevant, too, because so many people are after those types of guides.
It's a good way to kind of give visibility to your site and so forth. I mean, I guess it's just kind of how they're staying relevant in this day and age.
Alan in chat says, make Steam a one-stop-shop for all aspects of fandom. Buy the game, play the game, multiplayer matching service, mods, DLC, FAQs, chat and IM, friends lists, in-game overlay, alt-tab lists.
It's true. It seems to be what they're going for.
And fan fiction.
Soon fan fiction and Slash.
No, no, no.
There is no Slash pizza within Steam yet. Who knows? Shopping. Non-game stuff coming soon, maybe. Who knows?
Going to the Wii U, another place where apparently you can do a lot of things. You can go into Miiverse without interrupting the game.
That second screen there allows you to do a lot. But more stuff about the Ys in the Wii U. A lot of news that explains the Ys.
First off, why is there no online multiplayer in Nintendo Land? You know, a lot of people picked up Nintendo Land and maybe they don't have, you know, brothers and sisters or people that they live with to play the Nintendo Land games with.
So they have to wait for a party to come around to play a third of the pack-in games with Nintendo Land.
So why did they do it that way? Well, producer Katsuya Eguchi in an interview with Famitsu Magazine said, quote, Nintendo Land's multiplayer attractions work because of the communication shared between the people playing them.
They were set up from the start to be something people in the same room could enjoy. So in other words, they were ignoring the internet from the very beginning when it came to Nintendo Land.
And who was surprised?
Also apparently Metroid Blast was originally supposed to be a Star Fox themed mini-game. Did you notice that there was no Star Fox game in the Nintendo Land?
Well, Metroid was originally going to be Star Fox. Quote, generally it was easy to match the gameplay from the prototypes with one series or another.
For example, a game with air and ground battles works well with Metroid. There was a time when Metroid Blast was going to be a Star Fox title, but the prototype featured this vehicle that hovered around like a helicopter and we figured that'd never be a good match for an Arwing.
Interesting reason why they chose that. I mean, the Metroid thing works fine, but it's interesting to hear that like, oh, it was totally this other series before.
Also interesting to hear, kind of confirmation in a way, that all they did was take all those prototypes. What series can we shove this into?
What series can we shove into this? We got a chase game. Slap Mario into it.
I'm not surprised.
We got a race game. Slap F-Zero on it. We got a ninja star throwing game. We don't have that property yet, so just let it be ninja star throwing game.
No, it was a property that they had, I think.
Was it?
It was based off of some scare shit that no one even knows about.
It should have been Hogan's Alley.
It shouldn't have been Hogan's Alley. It should have been, what was it, the Konami title.
Yeah, but Nintendo's not Konami. Legend of the Mystical Ninja?
Yeah.
Go, Amon?
Yeah, sure.
Also, a follow-up to something we talked about last week. Why does Europe block the Wii U content late at night, the mature-rated 18-plus content late at night?
Well, Nintendo Europe came out with an explanation this week. Blame it on Germany.
Must be made available only at night.
And it was re-emphasized this is not the rule in the US. At least not yet. Refer to our discussion earlier in the show if you think that we may not be headed in that direction.
But anyway, it's nice to have at least a little explanation as to why.
But that does kind of have to suck if you live in a country where that stuff's not banned, but that's just the way it works sometimes overseas and even here to some extent. Because of state laws.
Don't buy the content digitally, then.
Unless it's DLC, in which case you're kind of stuck, but don't buy those games digitally. Go to the store.
All the more reason you should just go to the store where it's convenient and then you know what? Hey, I'm not playing Assassin's Creed 3 anymore on the Wii U.
Maybe I want to pick up the next Assassin's Creed game that comes out. Maybe I can trade in my old game, get some credit towards a new game.
Oh, can't do that with my digital copy.
Alright, let's move on with some more news. DarkSakura.
Mass Effect! Mass Effect all the things. All the mass effecting.
Actually, this is about Mass Effect 4, but I have an update to it before I tell the story.
This is coming from a story that was teased on Gamer Syndrome.
And Eurogamer, bless them, they actually heard from an EA representative saying that it wasn't Gamble, it was some other BioWare team member.
And so they went back and contacted Gamer Syndrome and said the source was actually unreliable.
However, I'm going to talk about it anyway because it's Mass Effect.
So the rumor, is what I'm going to put this as, is going that Mass Effect 4 is supposed to have information out next year and launch in late 2014 to mid 2015.
And they don't have an exact date on it.
They're saying that basically they haven't decided if it's a sequel or prequel, but that there is supposed to be one more batch of Mass Effect 3 DLC coming out.
Which, honestly, if it's that rumor going around that it supports the indoctrination thing, I'm going to flip a table.
But they were also talking about other scrapped ideas that they wanted in Mass Effect 3, like going to Palaven or, you know, different changes in the final battle.
And that they wanted multiplayer in Mass Effect 2, but it wasn't going to happen.
So, we'll see what happens.
I mean, it sounds like it's not far-fetched.
I think a lot of it is just theorizing though, you know, like it's so far away. They could change so much.
They probably talked to like some guy who was in the meeting when they were bringing up stuff for a timeline.
Although I do think it's funny that they used the brochure picture of him looking horrified.
I'm really happy to hear though that Shepard won't come back for Mass Effect 4 because it's just going to make Shane bitch and complain and cry.
I have my own head cannon.
It's okay, Shane. We can live in our own head cannons.
I think, well, here's the thing, and this is what I told Shane and what I say openly is that, you know, it's okay to start a new trilogy.
Because now that there's been so many games, it's going to be so hard to, in the fourth game, have all those choices for the first three games play out in the fourth game.
And you saw what happens when your choices do not play out into the way it all ends or ties up, right?
With that first ending to Mass Effect.
So, I think BioWare wants to just start a new slate.
It's new.
It's fine that they do that.
Because the first Mass Effect trilogy was so great, the second one will be too.
Did you hear, you know about the people doing the happy ending mod for Mass Effect 3?
Well, I finally watched one that involved Garrus as the love interest.
And you could, and actually, I told you I went back and hacked my game to get Kelly in my game.
They use that series of animations from when Kelly is hugging Shepard.
And so, Garrus' face does all this weird, like, his plates over his eyebrows move so funny.
It's absolutely hilarious. I'm like, he looks like a sad puppy.
So, just saying, it's funny.
As long as Mass Effect trilogies don't go the way of Star Wars trilogies, we'll all be fine.
Just throwing it out there.
It already can't because the ending of Star Wars 6, or whatever you want to call it,
the ending was, like, the best ending ever.
And the ending of Mass Effect 3, well, some people weren't so thrilled about it.
Anyhow, Loki!
So, we talked a little bit about how there was already some of the old homebrew stuff for the Wii
that was enabled with the Wii Channel on the Wii U.
But, the one thing that wasn't working yet was the homebrew channel.
However, now that's not the case.
The homebrew channel does work now because they've released a brand new version that will work with,
well, the original Wii, and also the brand new Wii Channel on the Wii U.
So, that's kind of interesting.
And, basically, that allows you to do some of the stuff that you could do before using the homebrew channel,
including, I think, run stuff off of hard drives, like, ISOs and stuff like that.
But, also, other homebrew stuff is available.
I'm not sure if there's any sort of limitations on what you can run on, you know, the homebrew channel
if they've got some stuff locked out for the, you know, the Wii U,
because I know there was some limitations before.
Oh, I guess one of the things that, I guess, won't work is BootMe.
But, they haven't really figured out.
They may just make a new release with BootMe support later on.
But, I don't think that was necessarily something that required for, like, you know, some of the ISO loading.
I don't know, they never did ISO loading off of the homebrew channel, so I really don't know.
But, yeah, homebrew channel 1.2 is now available.
Or, I guess, the HackMe installer 1.2 with the homebrew channel version 1.1.2.
So, that you can download off of HackMe.com.
So, Nintendo will patch this out in the next little update they do to do, because TV,
I would think TV has got to be out next week, because they announced that for December, right?
And, they're going to want to get it out before the holidays, because they're going to send,
I mean, although, yes, Nintendo's based in Japan, and it might not be the exact time off that it is here, you know?
I don't know if they can. I mean, they can keep patching.
They patch it by blocking the title ID, but then they change the title ID number for it, and then it works again.
So, I don't really know if they can block it, or if they're even going to try, because it's, you know, Wii stuff.
Do you think they'll try to get this through the main menu, as opposed to having to go into Wii and all that stuff?
Try to get Wii U homebrew channel? Is that probably a goal?
Well, originally with the homebrew channel, the way they got through it was with the GameCube emulation stuff.
So, it's possible they could do that. If they find some way to exploit it, they could possibly do, like, a Wii U homebrew channel.
Does that mean Wii U homebrew channel doesn't work on newer Wiis that don't have GameCube emulation, or is that no longer a factor?
I don't think it's a factor.
I thought the first homebrew came through Twilight Princess was some type of hack through that game.
Yeah, but that was a loader that, they ran certain, like, Dole files, or whatever, the Dolphin files.
So, I don't think, I mean, because you can run those, and you can run, there's some other type of file format that you can run as well.
So, I don't think it's necessarily going to be blocked in those that don't have that emulation anymore, because it's still, it still may load those file formats.
It just may not, you know, it just doesn't have the physical stuff to do GameCube stuff. I don't know.
So, but hypothetically, if homebrew channel's working, instead of waiting an hour for the Pikmin to move all my crap from the Wii to the Wii U,
because I have all my games backed up to hard drive on the Wii, if I get homebrew channel running, I can just run them off homebrew channel now, right?
Maybe.
Off HD loader or whatever it is, right?
You may, maybe I'll do that. I'm not really sure, because, like I said, I don't know if they have any limitations.
I didn't know, I don't know what exactly they need as far as iOS exploits, because I remember before when you're updating that stuff,
you'd have to have certain IOSes loaded in, and certain modded IOSes when they do, you know, a new update or something like that.
You'd have to patch those in order to get things to work, and since I never, see, I never really needed to do off of a hard drive,
because I had a physical mod chip in there, and so, you know, why bother doing that? You can just burn a disk.
But, I just, I don't know what you needed to do that, so I'm not sure if they can run stuff off of hard drives anymore.
You know, honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if they have some sort of way to emulate the drive, like the X key, which has worked fantastically.
I don't know, because they're supposed to be doing a 3 key, which is supposed to be the PS3, and then they may have something like that for the Wii U or something,
because obviously those disks are kind of proprietary, but wasn't the Dreamcast supposed to be proprietary as well, and you can just burn the CDRs?
Yep. There was like garbage data that you'd have to sift through, but other than that.
So, I mean, you know, it may be proprietary, so maybe they'll just have some sort of drive emulator that runs to a USB drive or something,
or they'll find a way to load games onto the hard drive. I'm sure, I mean, come on, this has only been out for like a month now, so it's still very early,
and the fact that they have the homebrew channel running kind of shows that Nintendo just didn't give a shit, because they didn't really do that much to patch it out.
They could have blocked the exploit to do it, but they just didn't.
Alright, well, moving on to another story. This is about an MMO that, you know, like a lot of MMOs, it struggled a little bit,
but it managed to make a name for itself, and now it's gonna maybe get even bigger, because they're making a big change.
The Secret World, I don't know how many of you guys have checked out The Secret World, it's kind of one of the MMOs that's a little more like modern,
it's not really like a swords and sorcery type of MMO, it's more set in the modern sci-fi world.
The Secret World is going to be going what they call buy-to-play, not free-to-play, because it's not going to be completely free.
Think of the Guild Wars and Guild Wars 2 model, you buy the game, and now you can play it online.
I like that model, to be honest.
I think it's a great model, too. Obviously I like it, too.
But, there still will be some different tiers. There's going to be free, member, and grandmaster.
When you buy the game, you can play indefinitely, no additional fees, you can also opt to get a monthly membership that will get you some bonuses.
If you already have the grandmaster packages and you maintain your lifetime membership or whatever this is, you get additional bonuses.
XP bonuses, bonus points in-game, special monthly gift, 10% discount in the in-game store.
If you're a grandmaster, you get another 10% off in-game purchases, et cetera, et cetera.
So, definitely this model is going to lure a lot of people into checking this game out who might have written it off at first,
because, you know, who wants to pay 15 bucks a month for yet another MMO, or what have you.
There's an announcement trailer that came out for the game. The announcement trailer is called Pay Once, Play Forever.
Here's my thing, though. Not to, like, doubt Funcom or whatever, but Play Forever? Isn't that a little misleading?
Play Forever for seven years or so. Maybe.
It just makes me glad I didn't buy my lifetime membership for Star Trek Online, because, like, the very next year, free to play.
Right. Well, at least Star Trek Online is still going.
Even if they ruined it.
Come on, Final Fantasy XI. Come on. This game came out way after you did.
Come on. You've made your money already, right? Come on. Free to play.
Come on.
You have to wait and see what happens with XIV.
XIV is going to try and be subscription-based, too, so we'll see.
But anyway.
Well, it's still working, though.
I don't know what would happen if Final Fantasy XI comes by to play.
I don't know.
But back to Forever. I mean, how many games have we seen?
I like Immortal Talking Play till you're sick of us.
Well, how many games have we seen that just kind of shut down out of the blue?
Like, you know, City Heroes, I believe, just pulled the plug where they're about to.
It's right around right now that it was supposed to be ending.
That's because it was awful anyway.
Don't tell Alan you said that.
I tried to play it. I thought it was awful.
Matrix Online. What was that Richard Garriott game, the sci-fi shooter game?
Damn it. Terra something? What the hell was it called?
Terra...
I don't know. It was only around for like two years, and then they pulled the plug on it, which sucked.
I was going to say Terra Nova, but that was a show that got cancelled.
No, that was a show. Somebody in chat will say it because I can't remember.
That's a colony in Mass Effect.
Was it Rift? It wasn't...
No, Rift is still kicking, and Rift has a subscription, too, and it's doing pretty well.
I mean, it's one of those rare games that's doing very well.
A lot of the kids that are too cool for World of Warcraft go to play Rift.
At least that's the impression I get from internet forums.
So, Tabula Rasa, thank you Dungeon Buster. That was the name of it.
It's on the tip of my tongue. Tabula Rasa, thank you Dungeon Buster.
Rob, does that mean that you had a clean slate when you were trying to think of it?
That's what Tabula Rasa means.
Yes, I get it. I get it.
Yeah, well...
Fuck drumming.
Why are you yelling at chatters?
Bobby said, fuck Mass Effect, and I said, fuck drumming.
That was very random. That was Tourette's.
No, I was responding to our chatters because I pay attention to the chat room.
Oh, okay.
Let's see. Tigerclaw in chat says,
It sucks being inside an MMO and you're doing missions solo and unable to get help because nobody responds to your requests.
Kay Serocera says,
I love it, but monthly fee was something that almost made me stop playing because I can't MMO and keep my job.
Technus says,
Well, as long as they don't screw up their free-to-play model like the old Republic, they should be okay.
ImmortalKing in chat says,
Play till you're sick of us.
There you go.
Dungeon Buster, kind of giving some other background on Tabula Rasa.
Tabula Rasa went through a crazy development shift.
It started off like this weird fantasy sci-fi stuff, then it went completely extreme.
There you go, the secret world going by to play.
And I gotta be honest, it's incentive for me personally to want to check it out again.
I mean, are they still charging 60 for it? I don't think they are.
It was on sale for like 30 at one point, so I'll have to see.
Especially with the Steam sale coming up.
Steam sales coming, brace yourselves.
Where's our picture?
I'm not ready.
Where's our picture of who's that guy? Is that Viggo Mortensen from one of those Game of Thrones or one of those shows?
Brace yourselves.
Steam sales coming.
Lord.
Alright, Dark Soccer, you got another story for us.
You've broken my brain, Rob.
How about, well, here's a game I think that we're all a fan of it.
Ghosts and Goblins, right?
Yeah, I like Ghosts and Goblins.
I'm aware of it.
No taste.
Anyway, there is a spiritual successor that actually has been put out by a Spanish developer called Loco Melito, I think.
They did a game called Matilda Castilla, which is pretty much like playing Ghosts and Goblins.
Except it's not Ghosts and Goblins and it's free.
So you can actually, it's got influences like from Shinobi, a few other things, and they're Karnov Trojan, different things that are thrown in.
But it's basically just as masochistic as playing the Ghosts and Goblins series, or Makaimura.
So I watched the trailer and actually I kind of think I won it.
So you can actually get the game on the game's site.
Just go to Locomalito.com and you can get it for free.
And of course you're a Ghosts and Goblins fan, so this doesn't surprise me at all.
This is something you might want.
Do you think you would still be able to tolerate the nauseatingly difficult difficulty of these games?
Good lord.
Good lord. Well, we were actually, Dan was showing me a version of it that I want to say it was the Sharp version.
Did they do a version of that for the Sharp computer?
We were watching the Super Graphics version, which I told Dan right then and there I wanted a Super Graphics.
Where it has all the animation and everything and it does the charge and all that.
I was like, I want a Super Graphics just to play Ghosts and Goblins.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Figure out some games that are coming to a console near you, or even PC maybe. Loki?
There's not a whole lot this week. It's pretty much just Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed for the Vita.
Which clearly must have been delayed from the rest of it.
Yeah, and even the 3DS version's not coming out until next year.
Weird.
Yeah, it's kind of disappointing. That is literally it.
Well, the holiday games have to be out by now.
Yeah, the next few weeks are going to be nothing.
Alright, there's some stuff going on in Japan. It's a little different in Japan, so there's some games still coming out this week.
Call of Duty Black Ops 2 on the Xbox 360 Dubbed Edition makes its way out on December 20th.
Do you know who publishes it in Japan? Call of Duty Black Ops 2?
Somebody.
It's not Activision. In Japan. It's not who you'd expect.
Take Two?
Square Enix.
Square Enix.
That actually doesn't surprise me. Square Enix does a lot of localization.
Well, yeah, that and now that they have the Eidos part of it too.
We've seen some very different games coming out of that company, so I just thought it was interesting.
But anyway, also Shin-Hokuto Musou. That's a regular and treasure box edition.
And there's all these Xbox Live cards coming out around this too.
I believe this is a Fist of the North Star game.
Is it Hokuto no Ken?
It's a reimagination of Hokuto Musou.
It's probably Fist of the North Star 2.
Yeah, I can tell by the logo.
It's Fist of the North Star Ken's Rage 2.
Yeah, that's exactly what it is. That is exactly what it is based off the little YouTube trailer.
Oh yeah, totally.
Totally. You can see from the screenshots, that's what it is.
Extra Blood?
Yes.
That's coming out over here in February.
Oh, okay. There you go.
That game also coming out on the PlayStation 3 as well on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Final Fantasy 25th Anniversary Ultimate Box. Remember that box with like everything Final Fantasy in it?
That's out in Japan this week.
Catherine gets a price reduction. Call of Duty dubbed edition is on the PlayStation 3 as well.
There's a whole PlayStation 3 console around Shin-Hokuto Musou.
So obviously the Fist of the North Star stuff is big over there.
Much bigger than I give it credit for.
Also in regular and luxury limited editions this week, Sengoku Hime 3, Tenka o Kirisaku Hikari Tokage comes out.
This is not a series I recognize. It looks a little tactical with anime chicks.
That could have been like every Japanese game ever.
But anyway, that is also out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Going to the PlayStation Vita, AKB1 149 Renai Sosenkyou comes out from Bandai Namco this week.
Also in regular and limited box editions.
Let's see, looking at the...
That was the Vita. Let me look at the Wii U now that that is out in Japan.
Sports Connection and the Family Party or Simple Series for Wii U Volume 1.
I'm sure that is their equivalent of, what the hell is that called over here, 30 party games?
Yeah, it's a family party.
The most hilarious Miiverse board you will find on the entire system.
That's the one I made you read last week, remember? Good times.
On the Nintendo 3DS this week, Tongari Bushi to Mahonomachi comes out.
As well as Osare de Koi Konyo to Asobo Umihen comes out as well.
I have no idea what any of these games are.
Osare de Koi...
Osare de Koi Koi...
It's a puppy game.
Oh, it's puppies.
It's a puppy.
Oh, it's adorable. Puppies wearing sunglasses.
The moment I saw Koi, I was like, that means puppy.
I'm sure it's shovelware, let's be real.
I think it's like playing games with puppies.
It's adorable.
It had Asobi in the title, didn't it?
Who doesn't want to play games with puppies?
It's like playing games with puppies.
Who doesn't want to play games with puppies?
Best title for a game ever, playing games with puppies.
I like playing games with puppies.
I would say they should localize that and put that out here, but let's be real, those puppy and kitty games are a dime a dozen.
Would you buy a game that was called playing games with puppies?
If it had a Corgi on the cover, maybe.
Hell yeah.
Alright, let's do a couple more news stories in the classic game of the week. Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about kind of what we talked about last week with some servers going down for Sniper Elite and Neverwinter Nights.
And of course, there was a whole thing with Gamespy.
Why are they taking this stuff down?
Because they're saying that, oh, I guess it's just the company's rebellion is taking it down because they just don't want to continue with it.
Well, that's not true.
Glue Mobile, since they were the ones that bought Gamespy, apparently they've upped the rates.
And they've basically said, and not even really in a polite manner, they've basically said, well, they decided to discontinue service with us because they're not paying their fees.
But what they forgot to mention is we raised our fees quite a bit more than what they were before.
So that's why these games are no longer on their sites because Glue is trying to charge too much for the middleware that they're using.
Ouch.
Well, they gotta be careful because they're not the only company out there that does this stuff.
So if you're gonna be assholes about it, I hear Steam's pretty good.
Alright, well, one more story for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week.
And this is about a game called Oculus Rift, which is...
It's a peripheral.
Oh, okay.
Did I do my games?
You don't have anything in... Oh, you didn't do your releases, did you?
No, I didn't.
Oh, my bad.
I've been waiting, and I was like, jeez, Rob.
Well, we were too busy being occupied with cute puppy games.
Well, then do your release dates.
Okay.
In the UK, on December 17th is Street Fighter X Mega Man on PC.
December 18th is Escape Vector with a K.
December 19th is Escape Vector with a K on the 3DS.
And the 21st, Fuel Overdose and Vectropolis.
There, Rob.
I wonder if Fuel Overdose is like a sequel to Fuel.
That would've been awesome.
Huh.
I don't think it is.
I doubt it.
Oculus Rift is a virtual reality headset.
This group in Irvine that's a startup called Sinful Robot,
they are looking at this device to do, quote,
the world's first series of fully immersive erotic encounters.
Oh, right.
Hell, yes.
Apparently, they're posting for different 3D artists and animators.
I guess, of course, news about this hit Reddit,
and Sinful Robot actually got the thread and said,
thanks to the device, quote,
we can finally make an erotic adventure game that will actually be exciting.
Oh, right.
It'll be in 3D.
That's right.
Virtual reality.
Those tits will be in 3D and it's just anywhere you look.
Titties, titties, titties, titties.
All around you.
Dark Sakura just looked down.
I wish it was a TV show.
All right.
Wanna sell systems?
Just add porn.
Just add porn.
That's the secret.
All right.
Let's go to a time,
let's go to a time when games were a little simpler.
Much simpler.
Erotic games were bubble bath babes.
That was your erotic game.
Per Custer's Revenge.
Acidic Vampire in Chat says,
how about fucking someone in real life?
You can't beat that.
They will try.
Some people can't do that.
You know what?
That's why there's toys.
All right.
Moving on to the classic game of the week,
Dark Sakura.
Going into the vault,
picking out a game that she thinks,
hey, you kids should play this game.
And because it's episode 486,
you remembered to pick a PC game, right?
Oops.
Oops.
It's all right.
That's okay, I picked something
that I brought up a bajillion times before
but actually never covered.
Then what is the classic game of the week?
Panorama Cotton.
Yay.
Panorama Cotton is,
I'm sure other people have heard of cotton
since I've brought up the cotton series
a bunch of times.
The original cotton series are like
side-scrolling shooters.
This one actually plays closer to Space Harrier.
And it was put out on the Genesis slash Mega Drive
in 1994 only in Japan by success.
And on top of that,
it's supremely rare.
They did like 600 copies of the damn game.
You really...
Now, I have actually seen a copy
and have actually held a copy
because a friend of mine owns a copy of this.
However, she lives in...
You're special.
Yes.
However, she lives in Nagoya right now, so...
So cotton is...
Well, it's just a very interesting little game.
I mean, you basically fly around
with the cameras behind you and you shoot stuff.
And then you have the crazy little witch named Cotton.
So if you want to go into the story about this,
Cotton runs into this little fairy's...
Her fairy partner is Silk,
but she runs into one named Nit,
who tells her that the queen is starting to make...
Say things that don't make sense.
So she goes off to see what happens
and doesn't come back.
So Silk and Nit start pulling this willow,
which is this candy stuff that Cotton is super addicted to,
and she eats it and then she throws up and it's hilarious.
But Cotton sees the burnt piece of willow
and eats it anyway,
and then says that she's really pissed off
that people have, you know, burned the willow.
So now she's going after to save the day
all for purely selfish reasons.
So, I mean, you basically...
You're flying around on your little broom shooting stuff
and you're getting these little balls
that give you power-ups and points.
And it's just super cute.
Like, the part that Rob's looking at right now,
you're flying over a rainbow stream
in the middle of a desert,
and it's just super cute.
You know, the game that was one of the very first games
I ever brought up for Classic Game
was Panorama Cotton.
It was the direct-style sequel to Panorama Cotton,
which you can't get in the U.S.
But it is super fun.
Just go play it.
It's like Space Harrier but, like, totally cute.
And if you have $300 to $500, you can own your own copy.
Words can't express the giant lady boner you have for this series.
I love cotton.
I mean, it's just so on crack.
And, I mean, seriously, if I could afford this cartridge,
I would so buy it.
I would have it in a second.
I will tell people that are looking to emulate it,
there are some Genesis emulators that will not run this game
because it was fairly complicated, like I said,
and they do marry many copies.
However, you can find ROM dumps of it
and I think that Gens is the emulator that I used to use to play it.
So, good luck.
Oh, by the way, I think there are repro cartridges of this
that you can order that will work on U.S. Genesis.
Well, then there you go.
I'll see if I can find it.
Your Classic Game of the Week, Panorama Cotton for the Genesis.
Good luck finding a copy,
but it sounds like you can at least do emulators.
I'm checking eBay real quick.
You kids can experience it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, wave.
All right, we're going to take a break.
When we come back, though, there is plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio to come.
Your emails, the Fugu question of the week, your calls,
some more stories like the Grammy-nominated Journey Composer.
You won't believe what game series he's doing next.
We're going to talk about that, as well as some rapid-fire news.
What?
118 bucks right now.
That's less than you said earlier.
With the buy it now.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, stay tuned, everybody.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this December the 16th of 2012
with the 486th episode of our show.
That's right, 486.
Since Dark Sakura neglected to do the PC connection,
I'll ask Loki, what's a favorite game of yours, you remember,
from the 486 days on the PC?
What was a game that you remember loving on the 486?
I would say even on the 486, I was still playing Castle Wolfenstein.
Yeah.
I don't think I had a 486. I had a 386.
My friend had a 486, and he had played Doom.
I'd say also maybe Command & Conquer Red Alert, the first one.
What else did we play?
Well, no, I did have a 486, actually.
My first computer was a 386 SX16,
and then the next computer was a 486, I think 100 or something,
was the speed of those things.
And then after that was finally the Pentium,
but I had the 486 for a while.
That was probably my Civilization I days.
Loved Civ I.
I was a Sid Meier fanboy in general,
because like Covert Action, Railroad,
Tycoon Deluxe, I loved all those games.
Colonization, all of them.
Dark Soccer, did you have PC games that you played back then?
You've kind of always been more console, haven't you?
Yeah, I've always been more console.
Until now.
Well, yeah.
But on my friends, I actually was really into Doom.
I was really into Hexen, really into Hexen.
Oh, yeah, Hexen was badass.
And Descent, because I told you about my friend's rig,
where he had it set up with a chair to play Descent.
Crap, that was another game.
Oh, my friend and I would actually go through Phantasmagoria,
which I think I've reviewed Phantasmagoria on the show before.
Oh, I'm sure, I'm sure.
Seven CDs full of awesomeness.
And what was the other game?
Probably Gabriel Knight.
No, I wasn't really into Gabriel Knight.
Jazz Jackrabbit.
Jill of the Jungle.
Good job.
Jill of the Jungle. Good times.
No, just Jazz Jackrabbit.
I remember when Commander Keen 4 came out,
everybody lost their shit because it was like Commander Keen Mario style.
Like, the first Commander Keen was not so,
but, like, Commander Keen 4 was like, oh, my God, it's like Mario.
All that stuff was awesome.
Speaking of those games, you know, not to give free commercials to a website,
but you know what, they're doing a pretty awesome thing.
GOG.com, if you visit the site that sells, like, the old games.
I don't know if it's still going on, maybe the chatters can check,
but they were giving away Duke Nukem 3D Atomic Edition.
It's over.
Oh, it's over?
Yeah, it's over.
Did you say Hanukkah Edition?
No, Atomic Edition.
I was like, what?
They were giving it away for Hanukkah, apparently,
because it was about those same days, but.
It was, um, I want to say it was only through the 18th, maybe?
Or maybe it's done.
I can't remember if it was, let's see here.
But, um, they have a lot of old games that I remember from that era that are,
because I was actually looking into Populous the other day,
because somebody brought up Peter Molyneux,
and I was thinking about the other games he'd done,
like Black and White and stuff, and I was like,
oh, Populous was an awesome game.
I remember my other big game.
What's that?
Loom.
Oh, yes.
Good stuff.
I freaking loved Loom.
I played through that game so many times.
And you remember when it came out on Steam?
Guess who had it?
Actually, I had bought a PC copy CD before,
and then it came out on Steam.
Yeah, Loom's a great choice. Good stuff.
All right.
Yeah, I think it's over.
It looks like ActDeft is confirming Duke Nukem was free till Thursday,
and Porkchop says the offer is over.
It was pretty cool, though.
That is all from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
I did pick it up, though.
You know, that was the first LAN game I ever played was Duke Nukem 3D.
I used to call into a BBS to play, actually, I think it was Doom 2.
You would call the BBS and you could do, like, games,
and then they'd want to charge you for each minute on the first 30 or something.
Duke Nukem 3D was a game that I played a lot on on my Pentium, I think.
I used to work Mobicon for a couple of years,
and we had a big setup with Duke Nukem 3D.
You could also do your voice macros,
so we could put in your face, your ass, what's the difference,
and all of the ones that we liked.
I know I've told this story on OLR before,
but it's been a while, and since it's 486, I'll tell it again.
When I was living in a college dorm, I went to California State University, Chico,
and I lived in the dorms there. Oh, God.
But one of the cool things about being in the dorms
was my best friend in the dorms lived next door to me,
and he was also kind of a computer nerd, and I was too.
It's like you're living in these tiny little rooms, right?
But everybody had their own phone line,
so we would use the phone lines to connect Duke Nukem,
and so I'd be playing in my room, he'd be playing in his room,
we'd have the doors open, yelling at each other on like a Friday night or whatever,
and all the other guys would be like, what the fuck are those nerds up to?
And so they'd walk into the room, and they'd be like, oh,
and so what they'd do, they'd go into one room,
and then they'd see where we're at and then come in the other room
and tell one of us like, oh, you got to go get him, he's over there or whatever.
So those were some fun nights.
Actually, as much of a nerd as I was and picked on for that,
I was very popular because I had the only Super Nintendo with Mario Kart,
and those guys always wanted to come over and play Mario Kart.
See, that's why my dorm room was popular.
Our dorms were more set up like as small different apartments,
it wasn't like the dorm building, it was just a set of buildings,
and I had my roommate's boyfriend left his PlayStation over,
so I had a PlayStation and a Super Nintendo,
and a VCR where I could record Runin' Warriors,
because I was totally freaking into that show when I was first in college,
and Sailor Moon.
So they would come over to my room to watch all the anime,
because also my friend, who was the same one that built the descent chair,
would just copy me all kinds of fun stuff,
and we would do our own personal dub to Uratsukidoji,
the Legend of the Overfiend, technical porn.
Oh yes, yes, I know Uratsukidoji.
And then play Toshinden all night. It was epic.
BlackWolf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
I was popular because of Mario Kart 64.
See, I didn't get a Nintendo 64 right away,
but the people that lived right above me did,
and they got one right, because it was like the holidays that year
that I was a freshman in the dorms that that system came out.
They got one right away,
and you better believe they were the popular kids when they got that.
I mean, even I was up there as much as possible playing,
I guess it was Mario 64, because Mario Kart wasn't a release title.
Maybe it was a year after. I can't remember now.
It's been a while, because I thought they had Mario Kart,
but maybe that was like the next semester or something like that.
I can't remember. My memory's fading.
But yeah, they definitely had a Nintendo 64 upstairs,
and at the time it was like,
dude, the graphics in this are so good.
And then I got a PlayStation like the next year,
and I missed an unhealthy amount of class
thanks to Final Fantasy VII and Super Puzzle Fighter II.
Fuck that game, seriously.
All right. Yeah, Black Wolf says the N64 came out at Christmas,
but Mario Kart didn't come out until right around spring break,
so it was kind of close. They got the system at Christmas,
and then I remembered, like, I thought I played Mario Kart up there.
They must have got it the second semester before the end of the year.
Good times. All right.
Let's move on and get back into some gaming news with some rapid-fire news.
Loki.
All right. So, Minecraft, of course, has sold a lot of copies,
and five million of those now are the Pocket Edition,
and, of course, the franchise is now up to 17.5 million copies,
and I'm sure a lot of those are the Xbox Live Arcade version as well.
And right now they are up to, I guess, the next update's going to be 0.51.
Wait, I thought Pocket Edition was specifically the phones.
They consider Xbox Live Pocket Edition?
No, I'm saying the total sales are 17.5.
Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
So I bet a bunch of that is the Xbox Live Arcade version.
No. So, anyways, the phone version or iOS version or whatever,
Pocket Edition's going to be receiving an update soon that's 0.51,
and I guess that's going to include online multiplayer.
So right now you can play, but it has to be on local Wi-Fi
and not through the Internet.
So that would be kind of cool that you can be able to play worlds
through the Pocket Edition.
It's probably a good thing, though, that it doesn't work with our current servers
because, I don't know, that might be bad.
One of the things I forgot to mention was at my game week,
they had a thing this week they were giving away.
It's this company PowerA, and they have these controllers called MOGAs.
Basically it's a Bluetooth controller that you can snap your phone into
and play games on.
And they were giving away with, what was it, Modern Combat 4,
that new Gameloft game.
I don't know, it looks cool, but the thing I'm hoping to be able to use with it
is because they had the Pocket Edition worked with the PlayStation,
Mobile Suite stuff, and the Xperia Play.
So it would be nice to be able to control that kind of like you can on the 360
with the Bluetooth controller.
I hope that's the case.
Anyways, Retro City Rampage, a game that's pretty awesome
on the Vita and PlayStation Network.
It's supposed to be coming out on the Xbox Live Arcade and WiiWare services,
and it's been a while since this was released.
It originally came out in the beginning of October,
and that was also on PC as well.
And now it's actually in certification for Xbox Live Arcade and WiiWare.
So probably in the next few weeks, I'd say by the end of the year,
you're going to see a release for this, which is pretty awesome.
So definitely worth checking out if you've got those systems.
And last but not least, I don't know if I should be scared about this.
Thankfully, it's not for quite a few years.
But the Angry Birds movie is moving forward.
Now they've got some people attached to it,
including I guess the producer, John Cohen, has signed on.
He's the guy that did Despicable Me.
And also David Massell, who did, I guess, producing on Iron Man.
And I don't know.
The movie's not supposed to be out until summer of 2016,
which hopefully Angry Birds is still a thing by then,
because these franchises sometimes kind of disappear in a few years.
You know, I wish I could say I cared about the Angry Birds movie,
but I don't.
I have no fucking clue what the hell it would be about.
Could be a bunch of birds exploding on impact.
I especially give no shits about the Angry Birds movie
now that they've confirmed Tron 3.
So you know what?
Totally.
That's the only gaming movie I need in my life.
Well, let me put it this way.
There's probably going to be a plethora of fantastic movies coming out,
especially gaming-related.
I mean, Tron 3, for one, is going to be fantastic.
Sort of gaming, but not quite.
Ender's Game next year.
Yeah, but that's more known for the book.
But it's Ender's Game. It's awesome.
So it'll be cool.
And I hope that God, by 2016, Ready Player One Bear fucking be a movie,
because they've already sold the movie rights to it.
It better be a fucking movie by then.
As much as Bobby doesn't want me to keep bringing this up on the network,
Mass Effect is going to be a movie from Legendary Pictures.
But here's the thing.
Here's what will make it worth it,
because all the fanboys and fangirls are going to rage,
because it's not going to be done right.
You know they're going to fuck up that movie,
because let's say if they cast a man to play Shepard in the Mass Effect movie,
there's going to be all these people that are like,
Fem Shepard, get the fuck out.
This movie isn't canon. Fuck it.
Which, to some extent, as much as I enjoy Mass Effect
when I play as male Shepard, so I can have my gay time with Caden,
if they did a movie around Fem Shep, I would not complain.
I really think they do need to do the movie as Fem Shep.
I'm trying to think of the worst person they could cast for Shepard in that movie.
Oh, The Rock?
No, no, no.
You've got to be thinking worse than that.
Freddie Prinze Jr., how about that?
That's because he's Vega.
Yeah, I wouldn't want him playing Vega, though.
No, but I honestly would love to see them just do a CG movie
and have the same voice.
Because honestly, to quote a mutual friend of mine in Becky's,
Mass Effect is the best movie I've ever played.
Rob Schneider as...
Alright, enough of that Angry Birds.
But seriously though, I don't understand how there's no story to the game.
That's like making Tetris the movie, it doesn't make any sense.
At least when you try to do Super Mario Bros. movie,
there's a general plot.
Angry Birds is like, these pigs are bad, and they blow up.
It's a puzzle game, you can't make a fucking movie out of a puzzle game.
I understand that you think that you can because you want to have money,
but there's just...
I don't know.
What about, what would be a reasonable actress,
like one that would not cost millions of dollars that could be fem-shep?
I think the girl with the dragon tattoo.
What's her name? Numi Rapace or something like that?
I don't know.
Could be it.
Because, you know, I don't know.
Then there's that part that's like, oh, Scarlett Johansson.
But I don't know, I can't see it.
Honestly, no, no, no, no, no.
The one who played Maria Hill, because there's actually a Photoshop thing out there,
where they put her in the armor and everything as female Shepard,
and she looked the part.
She was perfect.
Wendy Williams as.
Hold on, let me look up who she was.
And I'm talking about the Avengers movie.
Alright, moving on.
I'm gonna try to find out who it was that played her.
Some folks in chat talking about Nathan Fillion as the Uncharted.
That's what Black Wolf said.
Nathan Fillion needs to do the Uncharted movie first.
Nathan Fillion as Garrus.
No, I'm kidding.
Anyhow.
Okay.
Coby Smulders.
Black Wolf says, how about Jennifer Hale as fem-shep?
Here's the thing.
She's a voice actress.
She's not like, there's a big difference between,
I mean, she's a great voice actress,
but I don't know what her experience is with like stage and movie acting.
If she's got the chops, then sure.
Why not?
But I'm all for heavy.
I think she's also a little, I hate to say it,
she's kind of old for the part.
I think.
Well, Shepard is supposed to be 32.
Not in the first game.
If you look in, if you look in the timeline for the first game, she's 30.
Oh, I thought she was 28 in the first game.
She's supposed to be 32 by Mass Effect 3.
They totally need to do a heavy rain movie with, you know,
voice acting and intact, you know.
Jason!
Jason!
I can see them doing a heavy rain movie.
Now the guy who does Garris' voice acting is totally goofy looking.
Like I brought him up from the episode Buffy.
However, they should, you know, have a general actor and have him do the voice.
And then I will be happy.
All right, moving on.
Let's get away from movie talk.
Let's talk about retro games.
Penn and Teller is sovereign.
Stop.
Stop.
All right.
Getting into retro games.
Capcom Arcade Cabinet is something that's rumored for the 3DS and the Wii U eShop.
No idea what the hell that is.
It's probably just repackaging the same old stuff to try and sell it over again,
just like they're doing on the iOS and, you know.
There was a Capcom arcade collection on PlayStation Portable, right,
that had a bunch of stuff.
So it's probably just a rehashing of this.
So I would say that would be great as long as it has Magic Sword,
but we already did have that Magic Sword reimagining, which was pretty awesome.
So I say, Capcom Arcade Cabinet, I want Quiz and Dragons in all its 1992 trivia glory.
Thank you very much.
Quiz and Dragons for Capcom Arcade Cabinet, please.
Xbox Live is getting some new apps.
SkyDrive, CNET, Maxim, Karaoke.
They actually just added them this week.
That's pretty cool.
They're not out in every countries, but they're out in the U.S. at least,
and I think Canada got Maxim and CNET.
No, Canada just got CNET.
And Karaoke and SkyDrive are going out worldwide,
except Japan and United Arab Emirates for Karaoke.
I imagine that Japan's going to get a different version of the Karaoke app.
The Karaoke app is interesting because, I don't know if you guys have heard about this,
but the Karaoke app is not where you pay for the app.
You pay for a rental, I think it's like 10 bucks for a 24 hour period,
or maybe it was like 3 bucks for 2 hours.
Don't quote me on that, but it was like, you can pay to rent it,
but then it's like all the songs for that period of time.
So that's interesting.
You can turn your living room into one of those Karaoke studios
and have all those songs at your fingertips.
It's an interesting way to do it.
I'd be interested to check it out next time I have a party.
People love Karaoke.
SkyDrive, by the way, there's old Orange Launch Radio episodes on SkyDrive.
There used to be information on the Orange Launch Radio forums,
but those are kind of sunsetted now that we have the VOG Network forums.
Maybe Dark Tetsuya can post the information on the VOG Network forums.
There is a SkyDrive login you can use.
It's just like an On Your Honor thing.
Please don't go in there and fuck it up,
because people worked very hard to put in the old episodes.
But there is a login you can use for the SkyDrive.
I'm just going to warn you, it was a very different show
back in the first 200 episodes.
But if you really want to hear what did Episode 1 sound like,
it's on the SkyDrive.
So you can hear that through your 360 now.
You can't even get VOG through your 360,
but you can get old-ass OLR episodes thanks to the SkyDrive app.
Pretty cool.
And the Maxim and CNET are just, you know...
You can't download VOG episodes using Internet Explorer through the...?
You can't use the live radio player in Internet Explorer,
which is weird, I don't know why.
Because it's Internet Explorer?
Well, I don't get it.
I thought the audio was protected,
but I went to the website where our player...
Bobby might know more of the technical end of it,
but I went to the website where the player that's on our website comes from,
and the test MP3 works okay.
I think it has something to do with the streaming MP3s.
Like, remember for a long time, Google Chrome wouldn't play VOG Network
when we first launched because of security things?
I think it's something similar to that.
I don't know if you can play the MP3s on demand on the show pages.
I haven't tried that.
But honestly, if you're going to go to all that trouble,
just turn on your PC and download the shows.
Come on.
All right.
Also, coming to the Wii U,
Unepic is a game that's coming to the Wii U.
It's a 2D platformer that features RPG elements,
bosses, pets, potions, and so forth.
They're calling it a Metroidvania-style game,
which always, you know, I like those types of game.
No idea what the release date is, but they're saying soon.
But that could be anything.
But that's a really neat-looking game for the Wii U, I gotta say.
So I'm all about that.
Yes, please.
We will see when that comes out to the Wii U at some point.
Dark Sakura.
Well, in other gaming news,
we have some stuff coming out of Imani style about a new DDR game.
Well, not really new because it was supposed to be out in February this year.
It was announced originally as Dance Dance Revolution GREE.
And now we have Dance Wars that basically has,
it's a follow-up from the Dance Dance Revolution S&S Plus that came out on smartphones,
but now has multiplayer functionality and uses social networking.
And no word about a US release,
but they said there was an international intent to release.
And then OEA.
They have rebranded their Play for Free brand into Origin Free to Play.
Yeah, but still, Origin sucks.
No one cur to play.
And then, a game that fights bullies.
Rubber Kid.
Basically, it's a Kickstarter that's supposed to be raising money to fight bullying,
and they're hoping to get $750 to basically do a tie-in book, comic, cyber-bullying edition,
that will get people into the dialogue about bullying
and teach kids ways to protect themselves.
So that's it.
Alright.
Let's get into the foogle question of the week,
because every week we ask a question on Facebook and Google.
You slam them together, you get foogle.
Foogle.
This week in the foogle question of the week kind of ties into something we were asking about earlier on the show,
or talking about earlier anyway.
When a company launches an online multiplayer game,
how long do you believe they are obligated to support that online multiplayer game?
Are you bothered when support is pulled after only two years?
Yay.
Are there any old games you can't play online anymore that you wish you could?
What do you think we could do to convince companies to support that game online?
AgDef says, well, for consoles, they should be set up as long as the console's life cycle.
For example, at least until the next console is launched, or a year or two later after it launches.
As for PCs, that's more complicated,
but I would think that if a lot of people are playing the game as multiplayer,
they should keep the servers up, or at least give the players an alternative or something.
That's from Google+.
Surtur says, at least three years or post two sequel versions of the game.
I think is what he meant to say.
Retertainment says, it's not about length, it's about usage.
If people are still actively playing the game, the company who made the game should still support it.
The cost of the support also factors in the decision.
However, in the cases of big companies like EA and Activision,
the question of supporting a product should not be brought up.
That's kind of an interesting way to word it.
Is that because they can't be trusted to support it long enough because they crank out the sequels so fast?
I'm left to kind of infer that from what's being said.
Well, I think in the case of EA, they should be supporting it because you have to pay that stupid online pass.
That's true. I didn't even include that in the question.
But yeah, the online pass kind of...
I'd be pissed off if a game I had to pay an online pass for, let me say I bought it used,
and then it shuts down three years later.
Fuck that. No, I paid an online pass.
This is supposed to be to support your server or whatever.
You're going to shut it down immediately.
I thought there was one game so far they've shut down that had an online pass.
But we haven't had any since then, right?
But I bet that's coming.
Brace yourselves.
Well, even look at some of the games like Saints Row the Third or whatever that lock System Link behind an online pass.
Yeah, I remember that.
It's like, what? System Link behind an online pass? You guys are assholes.
I'm going to some of the answers from Facebook at facebook.com slash orange launch radio.
Tigerclaw says, I noticed only a small handful of games had their online multiplayer pulled.
But games like Battlefront II still have online, and I see a lot of people playing the games online multiplayer on the PlayStation 2 version.
So some games never get their support pulled, it seems.
I mean, for a PlayStation 2 game to still have online support, that's pretty...
I would have thought Final Fantasy XI was the only one left.
Raginator says, there's no one catch-all blanket answer, honestly.
The best I can offer as an answer is to say that so long as the gaming community has at least a moderate amount of support for the game as far as multiplayer is concerned,
then the devs publisher should support the game by keeping it up.
Yeah, I know, moderate is purely subjective.
And then he adds as an afterthought, I'll add this to my answer.
Alternatively, online multiplayer should only come down if Loki refuses to wear the tingle costume.
Yet another listener working that joke into the show.
All the games are coming down tomorrow, thanks to that answer, Raginator.
When you can't play Halo 4 online tomorrow, blame Raginator.
JG2000 responds and says, I believe a company is only obligated to support online multiplayer until the next incarnation of the game is released.
If a new version isn't released, it should stay online for a minimum of two years.
The percentage of people on these games that are die-hard dedicated is far less than the people willing to move on to a new game or the next installment of a game.
I speak from personal experience, of course.
I gotta admit, he's naming some pretty tight windows there.
I mean, until the next incarnation of the game.
I mean, if you're EA, that's every year, basically, right?
For the sports games, that means it would only be a year.
But I do get what he's saying is that most people move on.
But this online pass thing is gonna have an interesting element to it, and not everybody.
Some people buy those games used.
You buy the previous year because it's cheap, and it's pretty much the same thing.
Or say you don't like a version of the game when it comes out and it sucks or something like that.
Like has happened with some of the basketball games.
Like NBA Live, you know, say you buy NBA Live 10, I think that was the last one.
And you didn't like it.
Or you didn't want to buy the next one because it never came out in the last two years.
Black Wolf telling us that game with the online pass that shut down.
It was EA Sports MMA was the game.
He's linking to a story that talks about those shutdowns.
So the online pass adds an interesting element.
And I'm seeing a common theme in these answers, which is kind of the logical answer.
They should only keep them up as long as people are using them, which makes sense.
But even for those, let's say there's 20 die-hard fans that still play it.
And it's not considered to be enough.
Does the plug get pulled on those 20 people who now have paid an additional $10 in the form of an online pass to be there?
We have to pull the plug?
I mean, it's a tricky line to walk, I think.
Anyway, let's read some more answers. Let's see if we still have a consensus going on.
Burr says, I feel like games shouldn't be dependent on a central provider or matchmaking service unless they're an MMO or some other always-on experience.
Well, let me throw this out there.
Would you consider the new SimCity or Diablo 3 an always-online experience?
I just had to throw that out there.
It's stupid to me that a shooter, for instance, would be unplayable online just because there's no other option for hosting a game.
In the case of an MMO, though, they should only feel obligated to run it as long as they're turning a profit.
Unfortunately, in the case of City of Heroes, that apparently wasn't enough.
Shame on NCSoft for simply shutting it down instead of handing it off to someone else if the profit wasn't enough for them.
Or what about just throwing this out there?
What about opening it up to the public domain?
That's what Phantasy Star Blue Burst did, right?
Dr. Sakurai, you follow that more than I did.
When Blue Burst closed, didn't they just release everything you needed to do to your own private server?
Yeah.
I thought that was a classy way to do it.
And they let you actually pull off your character data off their server.
That's awesome. That's classy.
Cram says, I think it should depend on how many people are still playing and how many iterations of the game, in the case of a yearly release game like sports games and shooters, are active at the same time.
If nobody's playing or you're coming onto three or four iterations, it's time to cut the support.
Codeman says, from a business aspect, if people aren't playing, why spend the money to keep the servers up?
But I do believe if you are going to make multiplayer game, and that is a portion that will never be removed, don't remove online play.
Because that person paid money for it, so you should support it for life.
Rob himself says, if it's to pay, if it's pay to play per month, they should support that online multiplayer game.
If they don't, it should be 100% free unless it's totally crap. Then burn it with fire.
Well, here's my question. Does pay to play online mean a monthly fee or does it mean online pass?
And lastly, Mike B says, probably until there is only one person playing it online by themselves, then shut it down.
So it does seem to be there's a general consensus amongst the listeners of the answer of, you know, when the people disappear, then so should the game.
Although nobody's really naming what that threshold is. Is that 2% of the initial base? Is that 10%? Is it a certain time frame?
You know, where is the point that you pull the plug? Does that mean the next time we have one of these stories about server shutdowns, it's just going to be, oh well, no biggie.
We knew this was coming. This is what we've come to accept. It's interesting to me.
But I like the way Sega did it. I got to say, I think that's a model for how it should be done.
Is that if companies are going to shut down the online support, then open it up for people who are fans of the game to let it live on if they want. Right?
I think so. I still wish that, you know, all of these MMOs will just go the path that Sega did like we discussed.
Alright, let's move on with some other news. We'll get to the mailbag, the FUs of the week, and phone calls in just a little bit. First off, more news. Loki.
Alright, so there's going to be a few companies dropped from the Nasdaq 100. And you may think, oh, THQ. No, it's actually not THQ.
It is some bigger companies, including Electronic Arts. Electronic Arts is going to be dropped off there as well as RIM.
And also Netflix is being removed as well. So kind of interesting that those are being dropped there. And I guess, of course, they're adding Facebook as well.
Honestly, what does that mean? No fucking clue because I don't do finances.
Well, usually if they are, I think the Nasdaq 100 is what, the top 100? Yeah. So these, you know, and especially in the case like Facebook, I don't think it's still caught up to where it debuted.
So it hasn't really met investor expectations. And, you know, these other gaming companies have had kind of a rough year.
This will all go into effect, I guess, on the 24th.
But Netflix had a really shitty year investor wise because, I mean, they're gaining ground again for it. But remember the whole Quickster debacle? That was this year, right?
It was earlier this year. That fucked them royally. And a lot of people pinned the CEOs handling of it, honestly.
And, you know, they've been making some smart decisions since then, the whole Arrested Development, and they've been doing a lot right.
But the way they handled that whole Quickster thing, their stock plummeted. And that probably almost single handedly was what.
I'm very happy to see that they finally have added It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. I thought that was always there.
No, no, no, no. They just added it, I think. I think they added it back. But, yeah, I mean, they're doing better, I guess.
I am kind of disappointed, though, that they don't have the game rental service because that would be pretty cool.
Well, if you don't know the name Austin Wintory, then you have a very short term memory because we just talked about him last week.
He got nominated for a Grammy for doing Journey, the soundtrack. Of course, it's the first full album to be nominated for a Grammy that's from a video game.
Well, what is the next project that Austin Wintory will be working on? It's gonna be Leisure Suit Larry.
Yes, and I wasn't sure if this was parody or what, but no. Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards is the next game that he's slated to score.
In an interview with Polygon, he said, quote, That's my era as a gamer growing up. This was like a fantasy to work on a game like that.
You know what? Some artists want to do something radically different when they go from project to project.
And I can't think of something more different than an artistic piece that you could hang on the wall like a painting, like Journey, and then going to Leisure Suit Larry.
Which hopefully will be better than the last round of those games, which were so bad.
Well, Leisure Suit Larry is just a remake of the first one, so it's gonna be good.
Not necessarily.
Oh, come on. It's gonna be good.
Remakes are not always better.
I had fun with some of the other ones, but yeah, like the last game that they put out was crap, but the one before that wasn't...
It was bad, but it wasn't super terrible. It was fun. They had some interesting things on there, like the mini games were kind of funny.
But yeah, it'll be awesome to be able to score like porn music with an orchestra.
Fantastic.
Alright, moving on. Dark Sakura.
Moving forward, we do have some information coming out of Microsoft. They're finally lifting the Windows Store issue ban with the age 18 rated games.
Basically, that includes Dishonored, Mass Effect 3, Assassin's Creed 3, within the Windows Store.
So, they were going to not sell the PEGI 18 titles, but then they rethought it and said they want to expand their commitment to Windows Store games.
So, it was originally in there that said their app must not contain adult content and metadata must be appropriate for everyone, but now they're just saying, eh, just let them decide.
You know, it was kind of ridiculous that they removed the whole Microsoft Excel off there because its metadata was fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, Excel.
You know, and some people that may be a selling point, but yeah.
Well, back in the day, there was like, what, the hidden gate to hell in Excel back on Windows 3.1?
That's just a standard...
What?
Yeah, it was programmed into Excel. It was either Excel or Word, but I think it was Excel. There was like just a little small bit of data that, you know, you could walk around this little temple.
It was like a temple to something that was hidden in early versions of Excel that was just like a developer Easter egg.
I'll find it. Hold on.
All right. No, I believe you. I just never heard of that. How funny. Moving on.
All right. Well...
One of them was a flight sim.
Wouldn't that be fun? Well, Machinima.com has reduced their staff by 10% and, you know, this is kind of odd because I thought the company was doing pretty well.
I mean, they got a lot of ties and exclusives and stuff, and they started just doing like, you know, a lot of affiliate channels and stuff like that.
Of course, the editor-in-chief, Rob Smith, said that, I guess, 23 people in the company's 200 staff were let go across programming and production.
I guess editorial. And this is Growing Pains. Machinima has grown a lot in a short amount of time.
We had to look at the business and we're focusing. It has hit the editorial group, but we're still doing editorial coverage in a slightly different way.
So it's just, I guess, they maybe hired too many people for what they need.
Badly managed.
I guess, yeah, whatever. So 10%, I mean, yeah, it sucks that, you know, but when you hear like 10% normally, it's like hundreds of jobs at 20s. Not so bad.
I mean, it's not great, but, you know.
Tigerclaw in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, Machinima is shady. You heard about the stuff about the contracts.
Oh, yeah, that was in the news some time ago. People rebelling out of the blood packs, basically. They were signing with Machinima. Own you forever.
I don't know why you would partner with Machinima anyways, like for like a YouTube channel doesn't make any sense why you do that.
The popularity, you know, people get blinded by the fact that people want to pay you money for doing this kind of stuff.
And, you know, people just make rash decisions sometimes. And not even like, I shouldn't say that.
Like, I make it sound like everybody who's signing a deal with the company is making a bad decision. Maybe not necessarily, you know, but some people sometimes make decisions that they regret later.
Have you ever maybe had a job in your life where after you were there a couple months you're like, maybe I shouldn't have taken this job. Right?
Never.
Never, right? No, I would never say that. So, you know. Anyhow.
One more story before we get to the mailbag and that is about Capcom and Mega Man.
Now, we've got this whole Street Fighter across Mega Man thing happening tomorrow. Just a reminder, probably today for most of you listening to the podcast.
There's a ton more things we have in the works according to USA Senior Vice President Christian Svensson.
Only some of which will be shared December 17th. This is in regards to Mega Man, of course.
There's a whole year of things that will happen. You're only going to hear about what's happening fairly close to the start of the celebrations at first.
So could we be getting some bombshell news about Mega Man tomorrow?
None of which will be Mega Man Legends 3.
Or should I say Blue Bombshell?
So anyhow, could be a big day tomorrow. We'll see.
But at least there's that free Street Fighter Mega Man game that'll be cool.
That's cool.
I mean, even if it was fan community, but it's cool to Capcom and they linked up and made it happen.
I'll be downloading it. That's for sure.
Should we get to the mailbag?
Why don't we should?
Every week you guys email us mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura dives in the mailbag head first and picks out a few emails to share with us on the show.
It's only a three hour show. We can't read every single email, but we do read them.
And then I laugh at them.
No you don't. Well sometimes you do.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
I'm going to read the one that was written to you.
Alright.
Hi Rob. I visited the National Museum of Play in Rochester, New York yesterday. Their electronic gaming section was fairly extensive.
They had exhibits covering pinball to pong to current gen systems. They even have an arcade set up with about 20 cabinets.
I funneled a couple tokens into Tapper and Paperboy, but it just wasn't the same without the sticky floors and rude attendant.
I thought you would enjoy these pictures as you are the only other person I know of that has my level of nostalgia for the Commodore 64.
Yay! Commodore 64!
They had two C64s, one in a text based adventure section and another in a computer gaming area.
I hope this doesn't make you feel as old as it made me feel.
I think I'm going to have to dig mine out of the box in my mom's basement and fire up Ultima IV in way of the exploding fest.
You're a bastard for having one that still works. Just saying.
The other great thing was that they had a collection of Star Wars action figures, most of which I owned at some point, but my sister sold at a garage sale when I was shipped over to Operation Desert Storm.
I never saw any of the money. Damn her. Damn her to heck.
At least she didn't sell many of my comics.
So why is he a few busy planes? Stop.
Because this is where he's pissed off.
The museum was a lot of fun, not a destination, but if you or any of your listeners happen to be in upstate New York, it's worth a side trip.
Peace Lat Rat Y2K. Dishonored Edges out. Oh, ME3 and Halo 4 as my GOTY.
I'm going for the pictures right now. Let's see.
Pac-Man!
Oh, these pictures are gigantic. I'm trying to scale them down.
But look what Pac-Man is next to if I scroll over. Oh yeah, an old school Commodore 64.
Sitting in glass. In case of emergency, break glass.
Play Commodore 64. Oh, look at that. A Zork 2 box.
Good times. There's a floppy hanging on the wall. Good stuff.
Curse you for having a Commodore 64 that still works, though.
Next up? Yes, next up.
Hey, OLR crew. AZHP here. I didn't get a chance to comment on the FUGL question of the week last week, so I decided to give my answer via email.
Oh, sorry, you're late. Click. No.
As a refresher, last week's question was, and I'm paraphrasing, have video games ever taught you something?
Thank you for putting that in your email, because we all would have forgotten, honestly.
Do I ever pay attention to that?
The only one I paid attention to was, what do you want for holidays? And I'm like, Garris.
Anyway. My answer is, video games taught me how to gain self-confidence and make lifelong friends.
When I started playing DDR back in 1998, shut up. I never imagined that the confidence I gained from being good at DDR would lead to me breaking out of my shell and interacting with people who treated me-
Wait, why did you tell him to shut up for saying he played the game back in 98? That's when it came out.
I know, but it was like back in 98? I don't know.
14 years later, we are old as fuck.
Shut up, shut up, shut up.
Let me finish reading the email, Rob.
Who treated me as an equal despite my nerdy anti-social demeanor. I wouldn't be the person I am today without video games. I'm sure you guys and gal at OLR would tend to agree.
Thanks for letting me rant about how awesome video games are. You guys rock. Yours truly, AZHP. And seriously, thank you. Yeah, I get that too.
I think that's a great email.
I want to play drums.
I think that's a great email because, you know, this show was born of that same community and our three awkward selves got brought together to do this show for all you awkward listeners. No, I'm just kidding. We're all a little awkward in our own way.
Speak for yourself, awkward. No. Last email.
That's kind of an awkward statement you just made. I'm just saying.
Your face is awkward.
It's a little awkward in here right now.
Awkward is such a fun word, isn't it? Because it's like got W's and K's in it.
Talk about awkward. That was a weird thing to say.
This is not me, but does the word awkward just look awkward?
You know what other word has W's and K's in it?
Work.
But it only has one W.
Hi gang. It's your friendly neighborhood rage-inator. I just thought I'd email a quick question just in case I don't get to call in for whatever reason.
The subject of VOG's music stream was the topic of a short discussion yesterday, Saturday, just before USL.
I think a few of us have a question directly, I'm sorry, directed to Rob seeing as how he's in charge of the music stream.
Will the community have the ability to donate any legally purchased music, either bought already on disc or bought via iTunes or whatever and burned to disc?
And would be appropriate for, and I guess that would be what would be appropriate for the feed.
I know that mainstream stuff that one would typically hear on terrestrial radio wouldn't work for obvious reasons, but I can see how game OST's and whatnots would be doable.
I'll go ahead and say, I gave Rob like, how many DVDs worth of stuff?
I do try to pick and choose stuff because I want it to be like, upbeat. I don't want a lot of drab stuff.
But yeah, you can of course always make suggestions. Here's the thing though, remember, I have no problem with the music or whatever that you guys want to suggest.
We do have a suggestion thread for that. Keep in mind though, no major label stuff.
There's some weird Al stuff we snuck in there, but we're just trying to keep the focus on indie and geek things and also do remember we don't want game soundtracks to dominate.
I mean obviously game sound, gaming is part of geekery, but we want it to be a balance between stuff.
So just, you know, no Lady Gaga or you know what I mean. Try to keep it a couple steps below top 40.
For the example, I'm very disappointed with her Christmas single, just saying.
Also I will say this, speaking of Christmas single, I have been given a huge library of geeky holiday music.
I am not the type of person to turn on holiday music the day after Thanksgiving, however that shit drives me nuts.
But we will be turning on the holiday music at some point next week and we'll let it run for one week and then it's gone.
So enjoy it on the feed while you can because I'm taking out my whole, I cannot stand how the holiday music goes on for months and months.
You get one week of holiday music on vlog.
At my work? That's all anyone wants to listen to. And the only way I can really stand it after a while is if I just change it to Christmas jazz.
Because sometimes I get really pretty music with no lyrics.
Black Wolf in Chat says no mashups. Yes and no. I don't want to mash up with a top 40 song.
But there's a remix of the theme to Skyrim that's done like some type of, I don't remember what it's called, but it's like a remix of that.
I guess you might be able to call a mashup and that's okay. So as long as it's indie stuff that's mashed together, that's fine.
Alright, I see that one more email just dropped in the bag. You might want to refresh because this one's funny.
I already closed it.
You want me to open it back up? You want me to read it? You read it. Alright, I'll read it.
One more email because I re-opened the mailbag. I bet it's Exeterfer. No, it's not. It's Jim Salley actually. Oh, hi Jim Salley.
And I only saw it because I went back into the email bag to look at those Commodore 64 pictures.
And I saw this from Jim Salley.
Hey sexy host of OLR. You ever use vibrating controllers for naughty purposes? Like tickling someone's pussy?
Res?
And then he signs the email, cat, be nice for Santa this year, Jim Salley.
Dark Sakura, have you ever tickled someone's pussy with a controller?
Well, Shermy used to like sitting on the controller.
Good answer.
I miss my kitty. I need a cat in my life.
By the way, just to make an announcement, Sanrio let me pet her.
Yay.
I know, I know. They can't hear you, Alan. Alan just got home and he's talking about the cat.
I even got purr noises.
So, Loki, have you ever done anything naughty with a controller? Of course none of us have done anything naughty with a controller.
I've thrown the controller at the cat to get her to stop doing something that she was doing.
My husband's crushed one in his hands several times.
Like batting, like she likes to, you know, knock stuff off the Christmas tree and stuff, so I'll throw like something at her. Sometimes it's a controller.
Oh, I get it. Like tickling someone's pussy.
Dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, cat.
I get it because that's how it was signed. I get it. I get it.
Tickling someone's pussy cat. Um, no, I've never, I've never done that to the cat. The cats would not let me do that.
Alan would get very angry with me if I tried to do that.
Is Shermie one time really freaked out at the heartbeat thing in Silent Hill?
Because she was just sitting next to me while I was playing Silent Hill 3, so I put the controller on her back and she about jumped. It was hilarious.
Good times.
By the way, Rez.
Alright, that's it for the email bag, so let's get to the FUs of the week because we're so angry, Roz.
Here is justice. Here is punishment. This is fucked up.
I feed my hair for being in that weird in between haircuts kind of thing, but I've made a vow that I'm not going to cut my hair at least until my birthday.
Maybe a trim, but not like a for reals haircut. To see if I can stand growing out my hair for four months. That's it.
Uh, Loki.
I feed my brain for not wanting me to do, like, sell work right now. It's just like, no.
So I just can't work on this. I'm going to anyways. I don't know.
It's like I've been trying to, like, you know, get stuff done that have all these projects that are kind of in the works that I just quit wanting to go to another one.
So I'm starting to try to wrap a bunch of these up so I don't have a bunch of pending products. Any projects I'm working on.
So this is one of them. My Grand Theft Auto mods that I've been working on for two years.
Uh, I'm going to give a good old fashioned Orange Mountains Radio F.U. to traffic. Namely the traffic driving you to San Francisco yesterday.
Three hours and fifteen minutes for what was one hour and forty minutes today on the way home.
Do you know what the difference was between yesterday and today? Rain. Because nobody knows how to drive in the fucking rain.
It's California. So irritating. It's like, ooh, there's a car pulled over on the side of the road with the hazard lights on. Let's break. Go 70. Break. Go 70. Break.
I hate you.
So yeah, that was very irritating because, you know, if we got to the city a little earlier, we could try to find more gay bars with pinball machines. That's all I'm saying.
Alright, um, let's get into a couple more news stories and then Twitter topics and our Skype line. Loki!
Alright, so, um, let's see. Let's talk a little bit about, um, a series that I used to be into back when I watched anime but I don't anymore so that kind of sucks.
But did you know they're doing a Ghost in the Shell MMO?
Are they? That sounds cool.
That's fantastic. And I guess it's going to be a partnership between Nexon and Kodansha.
Is it based off of Stand Alone Complex?
It is Stand Alone Complex and I believe it's, was it Stand Alone Complex and Stand Alone Complex 2nd Gig. And also the Solid State Society.
So, um, pretty cool. They didn't really, um, give any details other than, you know, the series. The PlayStation game was the last Ghost in the Shell game I played and that was fantastic.
Running around the Fujikomas. Love it.
Do we really need another MMO though? There's too many.
No. But Ghost in the Shell is pretty awesome though.
Yeah, Ghost in the Shell is pretty cool.
Yeah, I actually liked the original Ghost in the Shell. I didn't really see any of the new series.
One more story for you guys tonight before we open up the Skype line at 1877 game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And this is an interesting follow up to one of the debates that was going on, I think two weeks ago on the show was when we got into this. Remember the THQ bundle?
And a lot of people were saying, oh, it jumped the shark and so on.
And, um, one of the big things that people were taking issue with was that this was one of the first bundles where the games didn't run on Linux.
So it was kind of like we were going in this direction where we were ignoring Linux and so on.
Well, it's interesting what's come out after that.
According to THQ President Jason Rubin in an interview with Polygon, he said that, you know, THQ's goal should be to bring entertainment to a wide audience.
Here's the quote.
The message I took away from a large number of tweets and comments around the THQ Humble Bundle sale is that there are vibrant communities of gamers using other operating systems besides the dominant ones.
And a company like THQ should not overlook them.
So they're kind of, in a way, which is pretty fascinating for one of the bigger companies to do, they're kind of coming out and admitting, you know what we learned through this?
Maybe we are neglecting Linux.
Maybe there was enough, you know, support being buzzed out there that, you know, and especially for a company that's really struggling right now.
And in some ways, you know, having an identity crisis of sorts and trying new things, you almost feel like they're kind of like, I, you know, yes, it's just one pull quote or whatever.
But I do still feel like he means it much more than a lot of other people would because THQ is in a desperate situation right now.
Do you think we could see Saints Row on Linux someday?
Yeah, probably not. But I thought the lesson he would learn is gamers hate everything.
Because really that's the lesson that needs to be learned.
It's not just, it's just people complaining, yeah, you gave me this great deal on these games, I fucking hate it because guess what, they don't run on Linux.
Well, you know what, then don't buy it. Just like the fucking Android ones.
Guess what, the Android games don't run on Linux either. But who cares? Don't buy it.
Another quote about the feedback, complicating the analysis in a positive way, gamers have tweeted inventive ideas to me, such as letting the community help in the porting to bring down costs.
THQ is committed to look at anything that makes sense. I'm sure we'll have more to announce shortly.
Community sourced porting. This is a desperate company right now, and I hate to say it, I know this sounds really like opportunistic and like I'm dancing on their grave of sorts, but like, what a great thing that's happening because of the fact that this company is struggling so bad.
I don't know, it's just me.
Here's an idea, don't fucking lock SystemLink behind online passes. I'm gonna get myself a little bit better.
Seriously.
Alright. Let us move on to the Skype line, 1877 game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. If you want to give us a call right now and talk about whatever's on your mind, anything we've talked about tonight or maybe something we haven't yet.
In the meantime, Loki, I don't know if you have any last minute news, I'm gonna pull up the Twitters here.
No I don't, because nothing's happening.
Yeah, it was kind of a slow news.
We had to stretch to fill the show tonight.
It was just like, uhhh, stuff.
Oh that's okay, I got stuff to do tomorrow.
Alright, well we still have the Skype line open and I am pulling up the Twitters.
I mean, Tigerclaw, one thing I want to mention, even though everyone's already noticed that's watched the Pacific Rim trailer, is that they have the voice of GLaDOS in there.
It's like, you know, hey, let's get the same voice actor as GLaDOS and then we'll just make it sound exactly like GLaDOS.
But that was a movie trailer, not a game trailer.
That was a movie trailer. It's still awesome though.
He tweeted that too, so I guess I can skip that one.
There you go.
Oh, we got a call coming in. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey guys, it's Porkchop, how's it going?
Hey, Porkchop, what's on your mind buddy?
Just patiently waiting to see when Street Fighter Mega Man is actually available for download. I've been refreshing the page about a hundred times now.
Are you staying up all night?
Not just because of that, I'm actually making my first game, it's a project for college.
And I have to go down for tomorrow, so I'm just a bit of an asteroid clone, but that's not going very well so I was hoping to get the game and just slack off.
Because I can tell by your accent you're probably not in the same country we are, and I know we've talked to you before.
What time is it where you're at?
It is now 4.27 in the AM, it's great. I can see pretty colors on the walls and everything.
Is this normal for you?

Is this normal for you that you're on the tour?
No, it's not. I'm actually just really behind on work and stuff, and tomorrow is the deadline, but I'd say we get an extension.
I'm not bothered, I got to listen to it all over, so I'm happy.
Aw, what a nice thing to say. Appreciate it.
Just to give you an idea, it's 8.30 here on the West Coast, which means it's 11.30 on the East Coast.
So best case scenario, the game will come out right after midnight on the East Coast, and that would be in about 30 minutes.
So that's your best case scenario, is that the game will come out in 30 minutes.
If it's not out in 30 minutes, I couldn't tell you when it's going to come out.
Maybe another 3 hours when it's midnight on the West Coast, or maybe they're going to wait until the work day starts tomorrow.
It might not really be out for you until tomorrow night, I hate to say it.
Either way, I'm going to be awake, I don't care. I'm just going to waste the whole day playing it. I'm really excited.
I guess you'll be having to get some energy drinks or whatever to stay up.
Yeah, I've just been drinking tea and eating lots of sugary things to kind of keep myself buzzed and try not to go to sleep, because I want to get this finished for tomorrow at the same time.
So what is it you're studying in school?
I'm actually doing game design. It's pretty basic at the minute, using a lot of Blender.
Basically the first thing is an Asteroids clone, so it's pretty cool that you learn in bits and pieces and hopefully get into the industry somehow.
And that's what you want to end up ultimately doing, is doing design in the industry?
Actually no, it's something I wouldn't mind doing, but it's not strictly restricted.
Reviews and some things are good like that. I don't mind typing stuff up. I'm good with words. Anything at all. I just love games. I want to be involved. That's it.
How do you feel when you hear about the difficult times the industry is having? Does it make you kind of go, uh oh, what am I setting up for?
Or do you just kind of go, well these sorts of things go with the territory? What do you kind of think as a student when you hear that stuff?
I suppose each company has their issues, especially EA and the whole Mass Effect thing happened way back as well.
It doesn't bother me because there's always going to be games made. Even indie gamers now are getting a really good push up there. Fez was pretty good when it was released. You had the likes of Journey.
This guy getting a Grammy for the album?
Yes, Grammy.
Yeah, so he's doing pretty well. The medium has always been pretty well respected and I think it's going to last for a long time.
They'll just hang on in there. Games are just going to be one of those things that just hang around like TV did.
You know, if the industry doesn't break through right away, it seems like there's a couple people in chat that might support you getting into your own podcast, Radio Wing or something.
Extefer in chat says, this guy should have his own show and Hitstun says that is an awesome accent.
The girls seem to like it sometimes, but there you go.
Well, apparently some of the guys like it too, so there you go.
I don't swing that way, but very flattered, thank you very much.
So, you want to get into either designing games or critiquing them or something?
Yeah, even podcasts wouldn't bother me either. I have a couple of friends who basically have worked and know a lot about the industry and stuff.
You never know, we could team up and something good could come of it.
Well, don't ever expect a podcast to pay the rent, that's all I'm going to tell you.
Of course not, no, I'm happy to do it for fun. You guys kind of inspired me with that as well.
You're like the first game in podcast that I found and I was like, yay!
Oh, well thank you very much, that's an amazing compliment.
No, we love it when people, you know, you might think like, we're very like, don't do your own podcast, we don't want the freaking competition, but that's not realistic.
Podcasting is kind of like, I don't know, it's kind of like ham radio in some ways. It's kind of meant for, I mean you don't have to be licensed to do a podcast, but it's meant to be very open and accessible and for anybody to do them.
And we're very supportive of other people and like when people say, I was inspired to podcast because of your show, that's like the best compliment ever, I think.
You know what they say, imitation is the finest form of clarity.
Don't forget that it does take a lot of time out of your schedule as well, so respect to yourselves for keeping the show going for 400 odd episodes and I'll listen in whenever I can, whenever I have lots of work to do at half four in the morning.
Well thank you very much, I appreciate it.
We're very thankful for you.
And that's what makes it worthwhile. That's why we've sat here for coming up on 11 years next year is that type of feedback where it's like, you know, you guys just kind of BSing really helps me get through the night and get through tough times.
Like even one person telling us that is like, wow, that's powerful. So it's a great compliment, so thank you so much.
All the way across the water as well.
Awesome. All right. Well, Porkchop, I should let you go just to see if there's anybody else who wants to call in and show off their accent as well, but best of luck on your project. A plus. I hope you get over your hurdle.
Thanks guys. Keep up the good work.
All right. Take care, buddy.
Good night. Bye.
Bye.
Always good to hear. I mean, we love the people here locally too, like in the US.
I want him to read the phone book to me.
Maybe we'll have, well, maybe I should call him and see if he'd be willing to do like new closing credits.
That would be awesome.
I should do that. Get some of our international friends to do closing credits.
We need more bumpers.
This week's closing credits will be read by Porkchop. And then one week it'll be, this week's closing credits is read by Cyl.
And then we'll have one week where this week's closing credits are read by Extifer.
Balls.
Or bleached assholes.
Or trout penises.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. All one word.
Going to some more tweets. Tiger Claw tweets us an article that we haven't discussed yet.
And I actually saw this before the show, but I don't know. It was just another like LOL Bobby Kotek story.
But since he shared it with us, I'll get into this.
Bobby Kotek kind of made a comment of sorts about the firing of Frank West and Vince Sampanella, who are now at EA.
He said that he fired them after learning that they were going to bail on their contracts to join EA.
Quote, you find out two executives are planning to break their contracts, keep the money you gave them, and steal 40 employees.
What do you do? You fire them.
That was in an interview with the New York Times.
Now there's all this lawsuit going on back and forth.
There was a settlement. The terms were never disclosed.
But it seems like everybody's happy, so I don't know.
But yes, now they're at EA.
I read another one. I didn't read it too closely, but there was one that was saying like,
Stop photoshopping my picture and giving me horns because it's really interrupting my dating life or some garbage like that.
It's like, whatever.
Let's see, some other tweets. We had Ratchet1785 send us a tweet that says,
Can't wait for the show. I was wondering if you could mention my indie podcast I just started, the Down for Maintenance podcast.
Don't worry about it if you can't. Oops, I guess I didn't name it.
I just love you guys. I literally had the balls to make one because of you guys. You're the inspiration.
Holy shit, that's like the second comment like that in a night. Thank you so much. That's amazing.
You didn't give the URL. Where do I find the Down for Maintenance podcast? I'll have to Google it or search for it in the iTunes stores.
But there you go. There's your shout out and I'll check it out soon. So, congrats.
Now, I'm wondering, there's a very similarly named Warcraft themed show, just throwing it out there.
The Realm Maintenance podcast, just throwing it out there.
So, the Down for Maintenance. I wonder if that's an MMO related show then.
You need to tell me more about it.
But there's your plug. Your early plug.
Let's see. Again, 1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype. OrangeLunchRadio.
I saw some calls coming in but I was mid-tweet, so sorry I didn't get them.
Let's see. SSJ100Matt sends a tweet.
I know you guys love your Disney, but what do you get when you mix Power Rangers and Mickey Mouse with friends?
I don't know. What do you get when you mix all that together?
Apparently, he links us to a story. Bondai's official YouTube channel. I thought we saw something like this previously.
But the news article stated this week, so maybe it was something else.
But anyway, a teaser is up on Bondai's official YouTube channel promoting the upcoming Chogatai King Mickey combiner set.
And this looks awesome here. I'm going to play a little YouTube here.
This is a long YouTube. Let's see if we can...
So yes, look at these little Mickey robots. And then they're going to come together to form that. That's kind of awesome actually.
That's a fun looking Gestalt.
Looks like a Mickey and a Daisy and a Donald.
Mickey meets Voltron. Dun dun dun.
Oh here, it's going through all the characters right now. That was Mickey. Minnie. There's Minnie.
Is that like Disney group sex?
They look like the vital nations or something. There's Donald. Alright, we got calls coming in. Let's try to take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Chugga Choo Choo. It's Jim Sally, Rob.
Hey, Jim Sally. How you doing, buddy?
I'm doing pretty good. I'm happy today. I'm spicy. I'm jolly. I'm jingly.
Ho ho ho.
Ho ho ho, bitches. I got hoes everywhere today.
Tasty hoes. Hey, speaking of hoes, man.
Speaking of hoes, man. I remember playing Leisure Suit Larry on my old 386. Remember when you got that first game and you found that prostitute and you take it to the back and you give it to her?
And you forgot to buy a condom and then your fucking shit falls off? That's fucking awesome, man. That's a life lesson I took. I still use today, man.
I think about Leisure Suit Larry and his shit falling off and I say, fuck man, I shouldn't put something on my shit.
He's not making that up either. That actually does happen in the first Leisure Suit Larry game. You know what I remember?
What?
I think it was the remake of the first, like the first remake of the first Leisure Suit Larry game because Sierra did one.
Like the VGA one or whatever? Like in the late early 90s?
Yeah, the VGA version. But you had to take a quiz to prove you were 18 or over.
That's right. Wasn't that the best? Oh my God. And that was before the internet, really.
Cause seriously, we were all 16 and you know, wanting to play and we were smart enough to figure out the questions. It was like playing Jeopardy or something and it's like, instead of like winning money or something, you win boobs!
Boobs? I don't even think you had, did they even show a boob in that game? I can't remember.
Did they even show us a boob in that game?
I think so.
You remember at the end, you have to give the girl the apple and she comes out of the hot tub. Oh my God. To this day, to this day, I can't have apples in a hot tub. I can't be in the same room as apples in a hot tub. I can't, man. I can't.
Well, I can, but it's not safe for children to see. Like you can't prove you know how. And that's because, you know, Leisure Suit Larry was a great game and it should be remade.
It was a game that taught me some life lessons that I needed to learn. And it's, it's, I think a game that should be mandatory for children to play.
But didn't you play the Leisure Suit Larry remake or whatever that was on the Xbox 360 like four years ago? It was terrible.
Oh, it was terrible. That was totally terrible. I could, every game since the, the first ones were terrible. But I do remember buying, I bought one where it was love for sale, I think, and he was on a cruise ship.
And he had the, and he came with a scratching Smith book and as you play the game, you can scratch and sniff shit. Like the lobster smelled horrible. The lobster fucking smelled horrible at the bar. Oh my God.
He's not making this up. Like all that shit is totally true. Like there was a scratch and sniff edition. Yeah.
Jim Sally doesn't lie, children. I'm always 100% serious.
What other classic PC games do you remember? Did you play a lot of other dirty games? There wasn't a lot. Leisure Suit Larry was kind of like the big one. There wasn't a lot of dirty ones.
I did play that strip poker a lot, man. You remember the CGA and strip poker? It's fucking old.
I do. We talked about that last week. We have it up on the tumbler, the Commodore 64 version.
Oh my God. I played that. So I didn't know, I didn't know boobs looked as good as they did until I got older. I thought they were all pixelated and squarier and stuff until I got older.
You know what I didn't talk about last week though, but that's totally true. There was a male version of those games too, where the person you were playing with was a man for, you know, all those women out there that, you know, or the, you know, 10% of guys that wanted to, you know, have that version.
Women love stud poker.
Did you ever play dark soccer? Did you ever play strip poker, the male version?
No.
Did you ever play the female version? That's fucking hot.
I played the we're drunk as hell. We don't know what version we're playing.
Oh, that's, that's, that's the beginning of a hot story.
Not really because nobody was pretty.
That's hot.
That's a little different when no one's pretty.
Oh girl, everyone's pretty when you're drunk.
No, not everyone is pretty when you're drunk.
Some of us still maintain our aesthetic sensibilities.
Hey, hey, you should grow that hair out, JB. Don't fucking kid yourself. Hey, look, normally Jim Salley is a pretty liberal guy with, and I love everybody, but fuck that shit. Girls are supposed to have long hair and boys are supposed to have short hair. Fuck that shit. Grow your hair out, girl. You deserve it.
Look so beautiful with your long hair. Put that shit in a ponytail. Put it in two ponytails. Fuck it. You deserve it. You know what I'm saying? Girl, grow that hair.
You're getting fashion advice, Jim Salley.
Rob, shut up, man. Cut your hair. It's too fucking long for you, Rob.
I have no hair left. I don't know if you've seen pictures of me.
I was just reaching back and realizing that my hair actually does not touch my shoulders remotely.
It used to be longer.
It used to be, and then I cut it all off because I was sick of it.
I just got my hair cut today, so.
My hair's too curly.
I got mine cut on Friday. What's left of it?
I always know what they're doing, Jamie. Grow that shit out. You deserve it.
She ran to the potty. This call made her throw up. No, I'm kidding.
Alright, Jim Salley, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show. Do you have any other final thoughts?
Well, before I go, I just want to say, you shouldn't throw your fucking controllers at your kitty cats. You should be nice to them.
Please fucking pet them and give them tuna and, you know, let them sleep with you in the bed and stuff. Be nice to your cat.
No, no, no, no, no. She's a fucking asshole, Casey. Seriously.
Come on.
You can be petting her just nicely. You pick her up, pet her, she'll lay in your lap, and then she'll wake up for no apparent reason, walk over, and just start being an asshole.
I'm gonna knock everything off the tree. I'm gonna go wake up the baby.
You're like, what the fuck? I was just giving you attention, I was being nice, and you're just a fucking asshole.
Our cat, we put the cat, like, on the bed, like, I'm not even, like, not in the bed, that's not happening, but we just put the cat on the bed to, like, try and pet the cat.
You know what she does? Jumps right off. Runs away. She's like, she's afraid of the comforter. Like, for real, our cat is afraid of the comforter.
Our cat used to sleep with us in bed, and she used to sleep on my head, because she, like, you know, laying by me, but, see, we tried that when we moved to the new house, and she just flips her shit.
She just goes in the bedroom, and she's just like, oh my god, I'm gonna get into everything. So, she'll get up on the, you know, she'll try to get up on top of the, you know, dresser to jump up onto the window.
But she can't do that, because the dresser's too high. So then she'll try climbing up the clothes, and then she'll go upside down on her back, rubbing along the floor, and she'll crawl on the bottom of the bed.
Upside down, crawling on the bottom of the bed, and she'll come bite your feet. Because she's an asshole, is why she'll do that.
Jim Salley just wants you to treat your pussy well, right?
And make sure you declaw your pussy.
No, don't declaw your pussy.
Declawing is the feline equivalent of ripping out someone's fingernails.
Alright, good.
I'm not Loki. Loki declawed this cat, I bet.
Alright, Jim Salley, I gotta let you go. Have a good one, buddy.
Okay, everyone, love your pussies tonight.
Alright, will do. Bye.
I'm choking.
I'm popcorn.
That call made me laugh very hard. It's always a good time when Jim Salley calls in.
Alright, Xtaphir is saying in the chatroom that I'm plugging other podcasts, but I haven't plugged Hoard House, which is the show that Xtaphir's on.
So there you go. A plug for Hoard House. The best Lil Hoard House in Azeroth, or a show we call Hoard House for short, is Wednesdays, premiering on the VoG network.
11am Pacific, 2pm Eastern is the premier, and then it's up on the podcast feed Wednesday nights at Hoardhouse.com.
Or, of course, VoGnetwork.com if you're reloading it obsessively throughout the week, then you'll see it posted on Wednesday nights.
Alright, I think that was it for tweets tonight, too. I think I got them all.
That's that. That's it for tweets. Nobody else is calling in.
I think that's it for the show. We're done a little early tonight, but you know what, it's a slower news week.
DarkSakura has an appointment in the morning she wants to keep, so we're gonna end it up early a little bit tonight.
So, that's it. Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts before we say goodnight.
Loki, why don't you start us off with your final thought?
People need to come play on the Minecraft server. Yes, I know that I can set up a day to have everybody come play, but seriously, there's like zero people in there, other than me.
I check the logs. I know there's like nobody playing.
And I'm sure partly what that problem was, because one day I left the server off because I was messing with something and forgot to turn it back on.
And the permissions were screwed up for a while there.
But they're all fixed now. They're pretty much fixed, and the mob arena works okay.
It's still really hard, even though I tried tweaking things to make it work better.
Apparently that classic bow plugin does not work, I come to find out.
But I made it so you can spam fireballs now, and that's kind of fun.
You still get your ass kicked though, even though you're throwing tons of fireballs at everything.
Those enemies are relentless, and they will just come for you.
Alright, and my final thought since I'm being yelled at and chatted about it.
You know what, I'm just going to say this. Support all indie podcasting. Support them all.
Indie podcasts rock, and a lot of people work very hard for very little money to make podcasts work.
And especially, may I call your attention to all the shows that are a part of the VoG network.
We have a great lineup of shows, including Pod Culture, Critical Myth, British Invaders, Anime Jokes.
JAM Session, Girls Gone Wow, Hoard House, and yes, Bobby Black Wolf.
And Thunder Station Live, don't forget them.
And Jamie Eats Rob Popcorn, the podcast.
You know, I don't remember, I don't think you've produced five episodes of that yet.
Alright, did I get your final thought, Dark Soccer? I don't think we have yet.
Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Candy Cane Jojo's.
Mojo Jojo's?
No, Jojo's.
So as I said, support indie podcasting. Thank you for downloading and supporting OLR.
We couldn't do this show without you guys.
I know it's been a crazy week. Thanks for sticking with us.
And hope we were able to entertain you for a couple hours tonight talking about video games.
We will be back next week to do it all over again.
I don't think we're taking any time off for the holidays.
I think we're maybe in two weeks if Alan and I end up going out of town.
But I don't know, we'll see.
So for now, we'll be back next week to do it all again.
Thanks for downloading OLR. Tell a friend or two or ten about the show.
Help us spread the word. That's all we got.
We'll be back for episode 487 next week. Until then, goodnight.
See you next week.
See you next week.
