Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, December 2nd, 2012, a new Wii console is unveiled, a classic console is reborn on iPhone and iPad, and could Sony be planning a break apart controller for the next Playstation?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this December 2nd, 2012, episode number 484.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about the latest and greatest in the gaming world and some other things too with my co-hosts. First off, say hello to the one and only Dark Soccer Hour, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Jamie Summers?
Doing alright.
Yeah? What's new with you? Hanukkah's coming up real quick, isn't it?
Yeah, I think it starts the 9th. Yeah, so I've got a...
Wait, are you going to be here next week if it starts the 9th? We better figure that out.
I need to find out if the temple is having something. Well, I'll verify the dates and...
I'm glad I thought to ask.
Well, no, because usually my temple does something for the first in whatever, you know, Shabbat is during Hanukkah.
Right.
So I'd have to find out. But I mean, I'm already getting out my little... I have this thing I got at Target of all places that's like little felt candles and you can put them up on this banner.
I'm already getting some of the decorations out of all places. The grocery outlet had six pointed blue Christmas ornaments.
So I was like, I'm going to use these.
Why not?
Yeah, so hooray.
All right. We'll also say hello to Tech Master Loki joining us here in studio.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
McDonald's again during the show. Is that like...
It's cheap.
It's like your standard thing now.
Well, it's cheap and I was over there running errands.
Oh, OK.
Not at McDonald's but in the plaza with McDonald's.
I need a Big Mac. Stat.
All right. What else is new with you?
Now I'm still trying to fix the Minecraft server, trying to get this one plug-in mob arena to work correctly.
And I fixed... There was an error in the config file. I fixed that. It's still not accepting any of the commands though.
So I have to look at the permissions again because I took the new permission program out and put the old one back in because I figured, OK, it was just this config file that was broken.
And so now I have to get that to work and if it doesn't work with this one and I have to try the new config or the new permissions file again.
It's just this one plug-in is just being a pain in the ass. So, I don't know.
Correct me if I'm wrong but I think I read something on the Twitters or something about Josh's first gaming experience or something like that or you're trying to breed him a little more as a gamer?
Not his first gaming experience, but no, he wanted to hit the buttons on the arcade cabinet. So we put it on. I turned it on and put Bubble Bubble on and he wants to hit the buttons.
He likes hitting the button to make the bubbles blow from the dinosaur.
That's how we started. Does anyone remember? Does anyone in the studio maybe remember like what turned them on to video games in the first place?
Like I know you have to have like a really young memory for most of us because I know most of us started in like the Coleco Atari era or whatever.
Does anybody remember? Like for me, I think like I don't remember a lot being a kid but I think the fact that I could control what was on the television like besides just the remote but like I could actually like make my own TV show of sorts was kind of what turned me on to gaming.
I don't remember what it was exactly.
For the record, Hanukkah starts on the 8th so I was right in general as far as daytime goes. But there's nothing going on so I'll be here.
Okay, phew, just checking.
I'll let my candle before I go.
Because if I needed a guest host, I like to know that stuff in advance.
I mean unless you just want to give me the night off, I don't know.
You can take a night off, just let me know.
Alright, also say hello to the ever-present fourth guest on our show, The Chatters. You can participate live with us at live.vognetwork.com.
We are live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern or thereabouts right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And I say thereabouts because sometimes his show runs a little long and that's okay because he's always kind enough to have us on at the end and we do this little like tease across.
So if you've never listened to Bobby's show before, you're missing a little kind of bonus segment with us for lack of a better term at the end of his show every week.
And it's a good show. Like the other 50 minutes of the show are great too. He's one guy talking about games.
I just like to give him a nice little plug there every now and then. And you can check out all the great shows that make up the lineup of The Voice of Geek Network at vognetwork.com.
Again, that's vognetwork.com. Other great shows, Pod Culture, Girls Gone Wow, lots of stuff and hopefully new stuff next year. Who knows? We'll see.
Also in the chat room, AcidicVampire in our chat room says, after you were introduced DarkSakura, AcidicVampire said,
Mrs. Vicarian, I don't know about this because thanks to the Omega DLC this week, you might be going for girls this time, right?
Well, she's dead, so I mean...
Don't spoil! Oh my gosh!
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Oh my God!
She's only in the DLC, I'll put it that way. So it's only a moment. And I just appreciate it. Clearly she has still some residual going on for Miss Aria.
Yeah, there is a little bit of tension going on there, isn't there?
My favorite line, I love it when you're feisty. Wink!
AcidicVampire has changed the line to Mrs. Candrose. There you go.
No, no, Vicarian.
You know what this is going to turn into? This is going to turn into a freaking TV series like they have with Grey's Anatomy or something like that.
Where it's going to be on a starship and it's just going to be drama and people sleeping with each other.
Because that's all that Mass Effect is really. That and a third person shooter.
Yeah, is that a problem?
Yeah, those shows suck.
I'd say it's more like The Walking Dead because I think there's a lot of people that weren't listening to Bobby tonight because The Walking Dead is on at the same time on the East Coast.
It has zombies in it. I mean, this is like drama.
Well, Mass Effect has aliens in it. Alright, look.
And grunt.
Moving on. I actually, I will say this. We're going to get into our gaming week soon enough. I will say this.
Just to make Loki happy with my fandom coming full circle, I did place my order, my $60 order for the Mass Effect trilogy on Playstation 3.
Which will be shipped the day the game is launched.
Well, now it's complete.
That means the only system I don't have it on now is Wii U.
But I'm going to, I'm holding off on that until they fix some of the DLC.
Which I do need to issue an errata.
You know, heaven forbid we ever misspeak on Orange Launch Radio and I say something wrong.
But I did last week. I said that none of the multiplayer DLC was available on Mass Effect 3 Wii U.
That is incorrect. It does include the first three multiplayer download packs.
But I believe it is missing this most recent one still.
It is still missing something that the other consoles have.
But it's still lame. The options that you're not allowed to carry over.
Yeah, well that's a whole other thing.
Which people will get to hear once a certain podcast is available.
Get careful. I'll have you taken out and back and roughed up too like a chatter who was trying to spoil it earlier.
But what was I going to say about all that?
I don't know if this is just rumor or fan wank or what.
But supposedly Mass Effect 3 Wii U is selling better than BioWare had anticipated.
So they are looking at, I mean I guess that kind of stuff is always a possibility.
We only thought we'd sell a copy and we sold two.
Who knows? Who knows?
Alright. Anyhow, let's move on. I want to do a kickoff topic real quick.
It's been very stormy here in Northern California over the past few days. It's just finally cleared up.
You call this a storm?
Well, for us yes. I do call it a storm. It is very much a storm for Northern California.
Because our part of the land is not built to handle the same types of weather as other parts.
But anyway.
This land is your land.
I'm just saying it's been flooding everywhere. I'm surprised you guys didn't drive through flooded streetways to get here.
But yeah, it's been pretty crazy. I don't know about you guys but on nights like these I like to stay in and play video games.
So like over this stormy season are there any games that you're looking forward to catching up on?
Things you're trying to play over the next month or so?
I know for me I have a huge backlog of games on Steam that I've really got to get through.
And that doesn't even count the Mass Effect trilogy.
But I've also got some games coming in from my rental service.
I'm going to give Forza a try because some of our VoG fans have been talking about it.
And whatever else they end up sending me.
So I don't know. Is there any catch up games?
Like things, Loki, you were talking about before the show.
Like I have all these games I haven't even touched.
Well yeah, it's because I just remembered to go through.
I'd actually had, I was adding all my Steam codes for the humble bundles I have and stuff.
Like past ones.
Like there's some that I haven't even redeemed yet.
And most of them I have not played yet.
And even the stuff from like the last Summer Sale or whatever.
Most of the games that I've bought there I have not played.
So I have a ton of games I could be playing.
And then on top of that, just the stuff that I did buy and played a little bit of on console.
That I still have to play more and more Minecraft.
So I got plenty of stuff to keep me busy.
Jim Sally in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Actually Rob, Walking Dead is on now on the East Coast and I'm skipping it for you.
I guess apparently it's on at 9.
Well thank you guys for skipping that show to come be with us.
That's why they invented DVR and Hulu and other ways to watch TV shows later on.
Even though I have yet to watch any Walking Dead.
I'm not hating on it.
I hardly watch any TV shows unless it's RuPaul's Drag Race.
Or Happy Endings actually.
I strangely like that show.
It's weird. Anyway.
Dark Sakura, anything that you're trying to catch up on?
Well I've been trying to get my newly purchased copy of Sonic Generations to download.
Because I've really wanted to play that game.
And I got it way cheap on Steam.
I love Steam.
I'm playing that stupid Faerie Solitaire game.
Because I want to beat it this year.
But other than that, I got another game that just looks so cool to me.
And it had been kind of on my radar for a little bit.
But I finally just broke down and bought it.
It's a game called Closure.
I haven't played it yet.
Where it's basically all black and white.
And it uses the light to create your area around you.
So basically wherever the light shines, it exists.
If the light isn't shining there, it doesn't exist.
Meaning you can create holes in the ground and drop down into other levels.
And it's a really neat application of physics.
So it's been on my radar for a little while and I've wanted to play it.
So I finally just downloaded it.
Other than that, I'm playing my usual.
There you go.
I touched WoW.
It liked it.
You pretty much just did your gaming week together with the question, didn't you?
Yeah, because a lot of it's combined.
I've downloaded the stuff, I've prepped it.
Now it just doesn't matter sitting down and playing it.
You were talking a little bit about Project Greenlight stuff before the show.
Is that something you've been participating with?
I'm looking to see what the new stuff coming in is and if it interests me or not.
I've watched the trailers for a few things and I was like, eh, crap.
It just hasn't interested me.
I've got like one thing.
Not every idea is something you're going to jump up and go woo at.
But there's some good things on there.
I've been poking around in there too.
But the other thing going on is that I want to hook up the Dreamcast.
And actually I've had this urge to play through Grandia 2 again.
So I'm thinking about playing it.
Or the SNES and playing through Earthbound.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was thinking about revisiting some classics too.
I don't know.
I thought it would be fun to get one of those little streaming things for the TV
and do a little streaming session of a game.
And that's something I've been talking about for forever.
And it's one of those new media things that we've completely missed the boat on.
You know what we should do?
We should actually play through Secret of Mana.
It would be fun.
O2 player?
Yeah.
Why not?
Why not?
I don't even know if I've beaten that game.
I think I got all the way to the end.
But I don't think I've ever actually beaten it.
I have beaten it.
Same thing with Secret of Evermore.
Go figure.
You and secrets, Rob.
Well I have a whole week off from Christmas to New Year.
And I was originally going to go to Vegas.
But that probably isn't happening.
So I'm going to have all this time and nothing to do.
So we'll see.
All right.
Since we got into our gaming weeks already, Loki, why don't you go next?
How was your gaming week?
This week I played Black Ops 2 a bit more.
We finally finished up playing all the multiplayer maps.
And now we're just kind of going back and playing whatever we want to play.
And I finished the single player campaign, which actually ended kind of short.
It was starting to get really good.
And then it's like, and done.
It's like that one that they were showing kind of in all the trailers and stuff where all the drones are attacking L.A. and that kind of thing.
That's the second to last mission of the game.
And so right after that, it's like, oh, we're going to attack where the source is coming from.
And game over.
It's like, okay, that was interesting.
And I guess there's multiple endings to the game.
But, dude, I don't even know, like, all the different things that you do in the game.
There's only like a, it must have been like three, maybe two second clip.
It's like something happens and then I guess that changes based on how you play the game.
So, woohoo, a five second clip that I, you know, affected by playing the game differently in different spots.
I don't know. It's just kind of weird.
I don't know if, I probably wouldn't go back and replay through all the campaign again.
But it was fun the first time.
It's just, I wish it was longer because it was actually pretty cool.
And it was getting really good and then just like, done.
We're done with that.
Also played Far Cry 3.
That game is fantastic.
And, you know, playing through the single player campaign of that.
Very cinematic.
You know, I love the detail in the jungle.
I mean, it's pretty awesome for like even a console game.
Reminds me a lot of like Just Cause 2.
Just, you know, the locale and everything.
And even the AI is kind of stupid sometimes.
Which is kind of fun.
So I like that.
And I also like how chaotic everything is with, you know, you'll be going up to attack somebody.
And all of a sudden they get eaten by a tiger or something.
It's just, you know, oh hey, there's a tiger there.
That's unusual.
But one of the fun things I like doing with it is, you know, you can hunt animals in the game.
And it's kind of an exploit, I guess.
But the animals can't attack you in a car.
So you just drive over the animal with the car.
Oh, we got to hunt a tiger because it's very dangerous.
Hit it with the car!
Peeta's calling and telling you to stop.
Peeta can bite my ass.
It's fantastic.
It's like, oh, you know, you're trying to kill me.
You know, I'm going to shoot at you.
Get you to run back towards me.
Hop in my car and hit you with the car.
Or, you know, the same thing with Komodo dragons.
Like, they'll just gang up on you and just boop, boop, back and forth.
And they're dead.
And they'll collect their skins.
Or even better is that you get these animals to chase after you.
They run back to, like, one of the outposts that you've taken over.
And your men kill them.
Or you can hang out at one of those outposts where, like, these animals are normally.
And they'll just keep spawning and your men will keep killing them and you just loot everything.
Even if one of the guys dies, you just loot him.
It's fantastic.
I just love manipulating all that stuff.
And it's a pretty interesting storyline.
I went through one of the first, like, kind of drug trip moments in the game.
That was interesting.
I really like the way they did it, though.
It was pretty cool.
And let's see what else.
A little bit of Minecraft.
Still trying to get this damn plug in the work.
And it's been pissing me off.
But just some reminder stuff.
We've got, you know, it's at vog-minecraft.com to check out.
Right now it's just a dynamic map.
But eventually, once I get everything working on the server, I'm going to actually...
I'm going to load that site and hope it doesn't break the show as it loads.
It shouldn't break the show.
It's not that bad.
Wow.
It looks like the map has even expanded more since the last time I checked.
It's possible.
We've been still trying to...
We've been running into some things that are not working because I'm loading in so many plugins.
Like certain...
I think it's a lot of the craft book stuff was just causing things to not work right.
Because they have different blocks that make the mine cart do different things.
And so some of them weren't stopping.
Or my whole roller coaster thing stopped working because all the blocks that made up the roller coaster were actually the reverse direction blocks in that plugin.
So that was kind of fun.
I haven't logged into Minecraft in forever.
I'm sorry, you guys.
Nah, no one has.
I see Hitstun talking about it in the VoG thread.
Yeah, he does.
He does.
But...
We need to set a night.
Yeah.
This is a Minecraft orgy night, but not like an actual orgy.
I wanted to do that, but eventually we'll get there.
Right now, like I said, I'm trying to set up this arena.
Because I know I've got everything in there and it's pretty awesome.
I just need to get that actual hit off the ground.
But yeah, you can go to VoG-Minecraft.com for the 3D map and you can actually poke around and see what people are building and stuff.
And you can actually see people when they're in-game.
And I think you can even chat with them too through that window, which is kind of neat.
I gotta ask you about this since you're a Minecraft fan and all the listeners as well.
Because I'm sure a lot of the listeners that we have would not have seen this, but it's really funny.
I actually found this on Reddit on the gamers community.
Have you ever heard of this app that they have on the iPhone called a grinder?
Have you ever heard of that?
It's kind of like a friend finder, but a lot of people use it for more than friends, if you know what I'm saying, right?
A lot of people do that.
Well, somebody set up this profile on there called Steve.
And they actually have a picture of Steve from Minecraft.
It says, no creepers, please.
Hello, my name is Steve. I like to go mining in caves and crafting things on my workbench.
My favorite food is cookies.
So somebody messages him out of the blue.
Hi, sexy. Lovely blue eyes. Like the sea.
And they send a picture.
Any other pictures for me there, sexy?
And Steve replies back, hello, sir. How are you?
Yes, I have many a picture for you.
And sends back a picture with the pig and the lamb, like from the game.
Like these are game screenshots.
Like you can't mistake this for a video game.
And the guy replies back, so very handsome indeed.
Do you live on a farm?
And Steve replies, I move around a lot.
I often have to quickly build shelter out of dirt and cobblestone before sunset.
And the guy replies back, so you're a handyman.
You must be quite fit too then.
Are you into older men?
Another picture perhaps.
And so another in-game picture comes back and says, you know, I can outrun skeletons and zombies.
And the guy like doesn't get it.
Wanna meet?
And so Steve replies, okay, have you got any redstone for a compass?
What are your X and Z coordinates?
And the guy goes, I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
And so the guy replies back with a picture of a compass.
Well, obviously the guy's trolling.
He's hella trolling, but it's funny that the guy's fallen for, poor guy.
I don't think he's falling for it. I mean, come on.
I don't see how anyone can be that stupid.
You never know. You never know.
Unless, you know, unless he's like.
This guy probably knows nothing about.
Unless he's like visually impaired or something like that.
And so his, you know, computer or whatever is reading back the text.
And he doesn't, doesn't realize that it's, you know, a picture of a, you know.
I have a question though.
Like, can you decide who, uh, uh, like what your character looks like?
Yes.
Okay, good.
You can completely draw.
Even though I don't own the camera.
Yes, I play as Zangief.
Let me link that in chat. There you go.
See if you want to see that for yourself there.
Yeah, so.
Okay, someone did the best thing on Tumblr.
They took Garris and Tali and put them in, um, a horse drawn carriage and then had, uh, Gordon Freeman decorating a tree.
You and your fandom need to stop derailing the show. Yes, Loki?
Well, one of the other things I saw an article about how to render like, you know, Minecraft worlds and stuff like that to like pretty awesome 3D images.
So probably do that too at some point.
Maybe on the website once, you know, like I said, once I get this stupid plug in the work.
Then it'll be all gravy, but it's just right now, it's just refusing to accept any of the commands I put into it.
It's just like, nope, no thanks, sorry, not going to do that.
Um, so I just have to figure out why.
It's something with the permissions now because I got the config file working correctly, I think.
So, I don't know, we'll figure it out eventually.
Um, and then also I played, uh, was it, uh, SkillRex?
Um, or Skrillex, I guess?
The, uh, Legend of Skrillex or whatever the hell that game was.
It's some like Skrillex game.
Oh yeah, I think that's a news item later.
Yeah, but it's pretty awesome.
It's, uh...
Really? Skrillex? Awesome?
Well, the game's awesome. I think it was kind of cool.
I mean, it's a little bit like Zelda and stuff, but it's done by the same guy that did the, um, Perfect Strangers game.
Oh, okay.
Does it have Belki in it?
That game was pretty fucking rad.
Yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Alright, I give it a pass then.
So, that was it.
Alright, uh, My Gaming Week. Not a lot of new stuff.
Uh, Warcraft got a big patch this week, so I was playing a lot of that because, you know, there's upgrades to go for and, uh, things from my other show, Horde House.
Um, I did play some more, uh, Wii U.
I played more Super Mario Brothers U, or what, a new Super Mario Brothers U.
Um, I haven't beat it yet, but I'm getting really close.
I think I'm on the last level before the castle level, so...
And then I hear once you beat it, like any Mario game, it's gonna have, you know, all new stuff.
And I know, I already know these exits have multiple levels and shit, so I'm having a good time with it.
It's, it's fun.
Uh, also on the Wii U, I did download something new.
Uh, I decided to kind of try out the process of a download title, and so I wanted to download one that looked interesting to me.
So I checked out Mighty Switch Force Hyper Drive Edition.
Uh, first I gotta say, though, again with the whole Nintendo LOL online part, not the most fun to try and download.
Well, I don't know. I guess it was a step above the Wii.
You go in, you fill out your information, you can at least use the little touch pad, which makes it faster, whatever.
And it will download in the background while you play other games, but if you turn your system off, the download stops.
Unless you go into download management and say, power off my system when the downloads are done.
Like, it's not really proactive about it, so I kind of learned that the hard way.
Alright, so whatever. I had to wait for the download.
Once the thing was finally done downloading, it took four minutes to install.
Like, what are you doing where you just downloaded the whole, now what are you doing for four minutes to install a game that's only half a gig?
Yeah, but the PS3 does the same thing.
It's not as bad, though. Like, PS3, 60 seconds tops for a download game.
Four minutes on the Wii U? I don't know.
Well, it must be that underclocked CPU that they rumored to have in that system.
Yeah, it was a little clunky, so I was not a fan of that.
But whatever, I mean, it's not the worst thing I've ever experienced.
And again, that's not a slam on the game, that's just, you know, I was trying to see what the Wii U download experience would be like.
And I was like, alright, well that's different.
But the game itself is fun. It's a pretty simple, well I shouldn't say simple because that makes it sound bad, but the premise is pretty simplistic.
It plays like a little platformer. I guess they had a version of this on the 3DS in the download shop, but I never played it.
Which lends itself fabulously to Loki's whole theory about all your DS games are going to come out on Wii U, just wait.
But what was cool about this is that, you know, you can either play with the action going on on the TV and like a little radar on your Wii U pad along with the lives and all that.
Or you can hit a button and have the whole game on the pad.
So I like those games where you kind of have the option to do one or the other.
But the game itself, you're trying to find these five prisoners in a level, and they're all anime babes.
You're trying to find these prisoners in a level and you have like jump, shoot, and switch.
And the switch will make blocks appear and disappear.
And it's either like one way or the other way. There's only like two configurations.
But then it gets more complicated where the blocks might actually be like launchers from like Sonic the Hedgehog that'll like make you fire in a certain direction.
And then you have to use these bomb enemies, put them in the launchers to explode blocks across the page.
You know, just kind of like a puzzle platformer.
But I like those type of games, so it's fun.
It looks like there's only about 20 levels, though.
But it's already getting, like you're really having to think like even as early as like stage four or five.
AlphaKnanagram wants to say about Mighty Switch Force in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
The thing is, Mighty Switch Force wasn't a DS-ish game.
It mainly just used the top screen so it could come out on the Vita.
And that's very true. You can play the whole game on the touchpad only.
So you can do the game all on one screen.
The second screen enhances it, and I use that term very loosely, with the whole radar.
Which is a neat thing, but it's not necessary to the game.
And I'm okay with that because I don't think the 3DS, or ex-
The Wii U.
I mean the same thing, I mean.
I don't think the Wii U should whore that second screen too much because you're not physically capable of seeing two screens at once.
Unless it's one of those Nintendo Land games where you hold the thing up to the TV and like the little ninja game or things like that.
Like there's some games that are built that way, but most of the gaming experiences aren't built like that.
So I'm okay with the second screen being like informational.
Glance down here occasionally.
A sub-screen that you don't have to hit the button to switch to.
Like I think that's an okay use of it.
AlphaKananagram also wants to point out that Mighty Flip Champs, which is kind of like a cousin series also by WayForward, did come out on the PSP.
Maybe it was a PS Mini.
Anyhow, I like the game. It's a $10 game.
That's where most of the Wii U downloads seem to be priced. It's around 10-15 bucks.
I thought it was-
I didn't sit there going, I wasted my money on this experiment.
I was like, oh this game is kind of fun and I would play this again.
It would be really awesome if I could like beam it to my 3DS and have it on the go, but I know that's asking a lot of Nintendo.
Anyway.
So that was pretty much it for my gaming week.
So before we get into the news, quickly some plugs.
Of course follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And you can also follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We are on Google Plus as well under Orange Lounge Radio.
And I want to plug our mailbag. You can always send us emails. We'll get to those in the second half of the show.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And again, please help us support all indie podcasts.
I always like to just plug all indie podcasts and the hard people.
You know, the hard working people behind producing these shows.
And especially the ones on the Voice of the Geeks Network.
Voggenetwork.com. Especially those shows.
Alright, let's get into some actual gaming news. Loki.
So holy crap, Nintendo announces another system.
But except it's only for Canadian. I know it's Canada.
Wii Mini. And what Wii Mini is is a really small version of the Wii that lacks a lot of things.
Including SD card support. Wi-Fi support. Or actually any internet connection support.
And yeah. It's basically just if you want to play games.
And that is it. Some games.
But it's pretty. It's pretty small. And I kind of like the way it looks.
I mean, it looks like it's got a top loader disk drive to it.
And it's red. Well at least it's black with red trim on it.
And the controllers that come with it are red.
It's going to be available December 7th for $99.99. I'm assuming that's Canadian.
And also not compatible with GameCube disks. But most of the Wii's nowadays are not.
So that's not a big surprise.
Yeah. So game system. Red nunchuck. Red Wiimote Plus.
And sensor bar. Power adapter. And composite cable. For $99.99.
Pretty cool looking.
Lots of people on there. I'm surprised you're speaking as nicely of this as you are.
Lots of people on the interwebs. Don't get it. Why this? You're pushing the Wii U.
What the hell is this about?
This is one of the price points down really low. And I think they figured a lot of people.
Let's be honest. Their online was kind of eh. I mean it was alright.
You can download virtual console games and stuff like that.
Well obviously you can't do that now. You can't download any DLC or any downloads whatsoever with this.
But I mean they had that kind of in place where not a lot of people were probably utilizing it.
Especially like grandpa and grandma are probably not downloading virtual console games.
They probably don't even know how to do that.
So this is more trying to get into I guess those places where people are looking for a cheap gaming system.
You know they haven't jumped into this. And maybe you get hooked on this and you'll buy something else.
Although it's kind of weird to see this coming out so late because there's really not a whole lot of Wii games coming out.
Like you know if this was something that they were introducing towards the end of the life cycle.
Not like literally at you know eleven fifty nine of the clock you know Wii.
I mean it's pretty much done here. But there's already a gigantic library out there.
I mean it's not there's like a lack of Wii software.
Yeah that's true. But I mean I don't think that they would want to try building up there.
It's kind of like what they did remember with the PSP. They had like a PSP version or whatever with no Wi-Fi and stuff.
And it was supposed to be really cheap. I just I don't know. It's kind of weird that they put that out.
But it's a little weird but I get it. I mean I do get it.
And I think the thing we have to remember is that if you're listening to this show chances are very strongly this console was not for you.
Like if you have if you're listening to this show and you haven't bought a Wii by now.
I don't think like Nintendo was going to win you over. And this really wasn't meant for you.
This is really just for people who want you know oh I've always wanted Wii Sports but oh it's only $99 now.
Maybe I'll get it now. Or you know a real cheap alternative to have in the kids room.
And the fact that it doesn't have internet actually is a great selling point for parents who might be trying to control you know very heavily what their kids are doing.
There's a lot of households that want to lock that down. Maybe not the type again that are listening to this show.
But I just think you know this is just for a different type of audience obviously and I think most people are figuring that out.
But it's weird that it's only coming out in Canada. Like is it a test market thing?
I think it's a test market because if you think about it they don't want to mass produce these things and have them not sell.
So these are just a mass producing for one market and then that way if it's a flop you're not stuck with millions of these or probably not millions but hundreds of thousands of them.
You're only stuck with you know a few thousands instead.
Also something to consider it's not completely unheard of for Nintendo to do this thing well after the other console has started.
Like I believe correct me if I'm wrong but those top loader NES's came out like right when the Super Nintendo's were already coming out.
And then I think the Super Nintendo got a remake as well when the 64's came out.
I don't remember if the 64's got a remake around GameCube but you still had like the Pokemon 64 and there were some other little remodels that came out you know relatively late in the life.
And then GameCube.
PS2 did the same thing and PS1 yeah.
Right right.
So I mean well those see even with Sony though that tends to happen kind of like mid-cycle.
Nintendo's always done it very late.
So this whole Wii mini it's not unheard of.
It's like the DSi XL you know.
It's weird that they're taking some of the features away but I guess if they want to get at that bargain basement price and you know maybe they're trying to see.
Maybe they think somebody who wants internet in their device ought to just get a Wii U.
ActDeft asks does the mini come with Wii Sports though?
No it comes with nothing.
Interesting.
So remember none of the systems sell with Wii Sports anymore.
They actually well I mean they have a bundle with one but they've got it being sold separately now for 20 bucks.
How easy though is it to get like a copy of Wii Sports at GameStop for probably like five bucks.
Yeah.
Or EB Canada or whatever they have up there you know.
So anyway.
Yeah I mean obviously it's not something I would pick up anytime soon.
It's neat but I kind of want to see someone hack this apart you know to add all those features back in.
Well I mean you know an SD card slot might be kind of nice.
But I mean if they had an SD card slot you could buy that and then.
What would you use the SD card slot for when there's no internet?
You use it for loading the homebrew channel and then all the x-rays that go along with it.
Okay there you go.
Alright VX Jason XV in our chat says the GameCube wasn't remodeled but there was the Panasonic Cube.
I think that was only in Japan and again that wasn't a late cycle thing that was actually really early on wasn't it.
Yeah Panasonic Cube was pretty early.
So that was I always kind of wanted one of those.
Not anymore.
Expensive for just a DVD player.
I remember seeing them in I think in Japantown in LA we would see them.
They were like $700 or something crazy like that.
So yeah I wasn't going to be getting one anytime soon.
Alright moving on to a story about something that's been kind of controversial and on a lot of blogs and so forth this week.
It is a new Humble Bundle but this one's got some people raising their eyebrows because it's the Humble THQ Bundle.
So it's no longer the Humble Indie Bundle it's now selling THQ games.
However there's still the charity you can split the money between THQ charity and the Humble Bundle website tip.
You can give all your money to one or the other you know you can adjust the sliders just like any of the previous packs.
It comes with the soundtracks for all the games as well.
Here's the other sticking point for a lot of people.
These games are only available on Windows Steam.
And in Canada. I'm kidding.
No don't start lies.
No no no.
But they're only available on Windows Steam because THQ has imported these games to Linux or things like that and I guess they don't have plans to.
And the Steam part means there is DRM and the Humble Bundle usually doesn't have DRM.
Usually you can get a Steam key to load the games in Steam which is what a lot of people do that's what I do.
But you can also once you've bought a bundle you have a key that works forever that you can go into the site and just download the game on a whim.
If I wanted to I could go to a friend's house download the game install it and you know it would never know.
I mean with the Humble Bundle being open and pay what you want you're not supposed to really do that but if you want to it's there.
But there's a lot of people that are I don't want to say they're saying that the Humble Bundle is selling out but I'm looking at a story on the Penny Arcade report that says it is a step backward.
I don't get it.
And it's not that like I have some I actually usually really respect in particular the Penny Arcade report and don't mishear me I'm not saying I don't respect him over this story.
I mean we always are welcome to having difference of opinion this is why we you know have the internet in the first place.
But I was I kind of had a little bit of a frown at this story because I was like this reads like gamer entitlement in a way to me.
And I was really disappointed.
Doesn't make any sense either because you would think that you know this is basically a way for the Humble Bundle guys to kind of get a little bit more traffic on their site.
And if anything it's still more money being thrown at Child's Play Charities something I would think that Penny Arcade would be kind of okay for you know hey it's more donations for Child's Play potentially.
I mean granted it's okay some THQ games not necessarily indie games but they're not calling it an indie bundle they're calling it the THQ bundle.
They never said you know on the site that we're only going to do indie games they just this is what they've been offering so far.
Don't buy it if you don't like it.
Again this is from the Penny Arcade report I'm going to read a little quote here quote.
Indies have been replaced by a single big name studio DRM is back and the variety of platforms supported has been shrunk.
This isn't a Humble Bundle it's a Steam Sale.
No it's not a Steam Sale you can't donate all your money to a Steam Sale to charity.
That's a huge difference a huge difference for a lot of people there.
You can't also pay what you want on a Steam Sale.
That's right you still have to pay some sort of price there on a Steam Sale.
I get the whole it stinks because they don't support all of the platforms.
That's the part I'm kind of with them at but at the same token I'm like well this is better than nothing at all.
And who said the Humble Bundle has to deliver something all the time.
I see the Humble Bundle quite frankly as gifts to the industry.
Pay what you want donate to charity lots of great games that's a freaking gift to the industry.
Why are we feeling entitled?
That's bad that's really bad and it just made it kind of disappointed me that websites like this that I'm like 99% of the time like I'm with your brother.
Went down this road Ars Technica another one that wrote a piece that was very critical of it and I read that side all the time.
I think it's a great site.
Good for page hits.
I guess that's true.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room says this isn't the EA Indie Bundle.
Ain't that the truth.
That was a thing easy.
You know making a joke there on something that was real very tongue in cheek there.
I honestly I think that actually even though it's DRM and only limited platform.
As an experiment it's a good idea because I mean it's a way for a company to.
I mean basically all these donations are tax write offs anyway whatever they don't make on whatever the retail price of the game is is going to count as a tax write off as a charitable donation.
But it's a way to encourage people to give to those who need it.
The story goes on to make a point about how the bundle will not help the people that actually made the games in this case.
Because a lot of the THQ employees have been laid off since the time this bundle came out.
Or I mean since the time these games originally came out.
And I'm kind of like alright I get that.
That sucks but A THQ is kind of desperate right now.
And for what I you know their stock is in the toilet that's no secret.
We've had a lot of grim stories about them lately.
My understanding is they went to the humble bundle with this idea.
And I think with desperate times call for desperate measures.
And you've got to do something radical to save your company.
Or there won't be any THQ games in the future.
And I kind of I applaud the fact that they're taking a risk.
And this is a risk around for everybody and I kind of wish more gaming companies would take risks.
And it seems to be paying off what three million dollars raised not necessarily all for THQ.
But you figure THQ even if they've got a half million of that.
Has making way more money than they probably were off these games at this point anyway.
And let's be honest I mean they have steam sales all the time.
Like you know Saints Row the Third is always being marked down to like ten bucks fifteen bucks or whatever.
That's kind of really what I wanted to buy it anyways.
I mean yeah cool donate money to everything.
But yeah I just wanted Saints Row the Third.
Six bucks is a pretty good price for Saints Row the Third.
And I get Red Faction Armageddon which was awesome.
And also you know Metro 2033.
And the other games.
And Darksiders.
I mean that's just icing on the cake for me.
So what?
I don't hate the fact that I got a good deal on those games.
And the hate on steam for having steam sales in I guess.
I mean I don't know why people were just hating on it at all.
I gave well over the average actually.
I give a bit over the average to get the pack just because I wanted to support it.
I kind of wanted to offset some of the negativity I saw on the internet.
And I donated the vast majority of it to charity.
I gave THQ a dollar and I gave a dollar for the tip.
You know because you should always give a dollar to something you support.
But I gave the rest to charity.
I gave it all to charity.
Well and I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
Also one more thing I want to read out of this story.
And again I don't mean to be picking on this but this is just one of those things that I don't get it.
Like I think this guy just had a moment of weakness or something or I don't know.
Again from the penny arcade report.
I'm going to be a hypocrite and buy a bundle.
Just because these are incredible games at a staggering low price.
But wouldn't it have been something if they were offered without DRM?
Or if they ran on Linux?
Or if the space was used to promote games that hadn't already sold millions of copies?
Yeah that would have been something.
But it is what it is.
Steam doesn't always put the games I want on sale.
Who's to say the humble bundle would have been something maybe I would have been interested in?
Maybe it would have been another humble android bundle.
Something I can't get any use out of.
You know?
It is what it is.
You buy some and you leave some on the table.
Like that speaks to me a little bit like every bundle should be catered to what I want.
Well that doesn't sound entitled at all.
By the way this is not the first time that Humble Bundle has done a bundle for one company.
There was the Humble Frozenbyte Bundle which I bought some time ago.
Granted I know. Big difference.
Frozenbyte is an indie company. Very different type of thing.
But I just wanted to put that out there.
It's not unheard of for the Humble Bundle to do a pack dedicated to one company.
I think it's a great deal and I would encourage our listeners to check it out and support it.
Humblebundle.com. One thing we will not do on this show is give away keys that we bought for 5 cents to the pack of games minus Saints Row the Third.
I find that shit to be incredibly tacky.
And if you're one of these podcasts that buys keys for I guess really it's a dollar.
I shouldn't say a quarter because you have to give a dollar minimum.
But if you're one of these podcasts that buys the keys for a dollar just to get your show some cheap promotion and give them away on your show.
I'm calling you out. That's fucked up. You're missing the point.
You're denying what potentially could be sales for charity.
Now it's another thing if you gave $20 or $10 or more and maybe you're including the Saints Row the Third thing.
Because then okay you're fronting that kind of money for somebody who may not have the money.
But think about it. If you buy it for a dollar and then give it away on your show to somebody who maybe hadn't heard of it yet.
Who could have potentially spent $20 on the bundle but now won't because you gave them a key that you bought at bargain basement prices.
You have robbed a charity of money for the sake of your own self-promotion. Don't do that.
It is different if you buy the whole thing and go I'm not going to play this crap. No I'm kidding.
Even then I mean I just I've seen. I'm giving them to Dan. There's a particular play.
I saw a show doing it out there and I'm not going to say who that bought five out why not five codes.
Well honestly I don't know the name of it because it was something I saw while I was Twitter bouncing.
So I don't even remember the name of it but I just kind of I gave it so much stink eye. I'm like oh that's frustrating.
Like stop it. All right. Let's see. Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Brad from Pod Culture says I always donate 100% to charity. I'm usually not a fan as of much as the gamers but they make a great perk for your donation.
I think he means like kind of like the games. So let's see.
Actdeft in chat says Darksiders is very well worth this bundle and you can give the Saints Row the third code to anyone you want.
So you know you know and I see friends kind of code so that's different.
Again friends now that's very very very different because friends aren't doing it for their own self-promotion.
So all right. Let's move on. I don't want to focus on the negative but you know when something makes me irritated I'm going to say something about it.
I am being a concerned parent right now as the show has been along for far too long. All right. Dark Sakura.
Well how about something having to do with an old idea from Sony coming back to bite them in the ass.
Well at least in theory. In 2008 they had patented a break apart PS3 controller and nothing happened with it.
And it's also not you know the huge space boomerang that was there at E3.
Well now they're revisiting the idea with a new patent that I mean it even has it down to the circuit boards and everything and two different versions of it with a regular PlayStation controller with little move bubbles on it which I don't get but OK.
And then also it has regular PlayStation handles like controller handles and then really long ones like extra grips.
I guess if you're doing move stuff with it so it almost seems to me like they're doing a two handed move controller.
You know if I was going to design a controller I'd just make a new negcon.
I do like the idea of there being a controller that kind of snaps apart and becomes the move. That's actually kind of rad.
It looks completely dumb.
If they build it right.
It was better designed.
Yeah I mean but Sony is not a stranger to going back and redesigning shit that gets received poorly. Remember the boomerang controller everybody.
At least that's what I said earlier it's not the space boomerang.
Yeah so at least it's not that what do you think Loki about a controller that can break apart and come together and all this looks dumb.
It looks dumb only because you know a lot of people aren't interested in the move it's not like oh we need to sell more of these move controllers.
I just I don't think the the thing that's keeping people out of the move is not the price point of their controllers.
It's that no one wants to play those games which is sad because it's a good controller.
It's a it's actually pretty good. To be honest it I think works better than the Kinect.
And that's that that's the tragic thing is that in a way the move is really the best motion thing out of all of them.
But nobody seems to care.
Yeah and there's even some games out there I can't remember the one there's some download title that just came out.
It's where you splashing paint with the controllers and like unfinished one.
That's it unfinished one. And I'm hearing raves about I haven't played it myself yet because I don't have a move although I hear I just found out like the other day you can do it with controllers.
So I need to check it out but I'm hearing raves about that game.
And in general the PlayStation Network in general like there's been a lot of great shit on that between Journey which you know is competing for Game of the Year for a reason in a lot of places.
And you know the unfinished swan and some of these other games like there's so much great shit on PlayStation that like is not getting noticed like Sony has a marketing problem big time.
And it's part of the reason why the move isn't really selling either. I think there is more to the move than the Kinect in many ways.
I mean granted the move isn't moving the Kinect has Dance Central which is you know always going to be a fave of mine.
But you know it doesn't it doesn't go much past the dancing games for me. But at least the move has some other interesting things.
So let's see Tiger Claw in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says here's the question what if you lose half of that break apart controller.
You wouldn't be able to play with it because the half that's the analog stick and the D pad is missing.
Well if you think about it what's the Wii U controller and the nunchuck. That was kind of a break away controller of sorts too.
And a lot of times that kind of stood in for your typical controller was the nunchuck and the Wii pad.
And if you lost the nunchuck then stupid you shouldn't have lost it. It was kind of that same thing.
Cram in our chat room says a boomerang controller would be perfect for all those rage induced controller throws.
That is true. The PlayStation was the first console to get well Demon Souls was the first game.
Let's see SSG100Matt says I like the boomerang. Some people some people liked it.
Well I'll see how much you like it when it comes around to hit you in the head.
I don't think it was an actual boomerang. I think the buttons cut out some of the arrow.
I bet you anything that if they had marketed that way then someone would have found a way to make it work.
Alright let's move on with some more news.
Alright so let's talk a little bit about Timesplitters. One of my favorite first person shooter series.
And really we need a new game. It's been like a long time. PlayStation 2 since Future Perfect.
So now Timesplitters 4 that's been in talks for a while. Back when Free Radical was doing it.
And then it was supposed to be being worked on by Crytek and stuff.
Well unfortunately the reason it hasn't kind of come out yet is because they haven't been able to find a publisher to actually put it out.
And it kind of sucks because Free Radical's last game Haze was kind of crap.
And I think Timesplitters 4 would actually be a really great game.
They say that it was in very early stages of development when Free Radical went into administration.
And they even had a small playable demo that was shown to several publishers.
But it didn't attract enough of any publishing deals.
And they're also saying that the marketing person. Or actually they're saying. Let's see here.
Secondly the marketing person would say something along the lines of I don't know how to sell this.
And then the unanimous opinion among all publishers were that they pitched Timesplitters 4.
Or I guess it's a game you can't market because it's too diverse a set of characters.
Yeah it is kind of hard to explain a game that features exploding monkeys and cats with wheels on them that you race.
But at the same time though look at Saints Row the Third. Perfect example.
Granted that is a little bit more linear but you've got you know a thing from this crazy Japanese cat character to hitting people with giant purple cocks.
So if they can market giant cocks all the time just saying I honestly think I think the game markets itself.
You just show this crazy shit and people like cats with wheels. Fuck yes. Sign me up.
Or I'm playing a game where I'm shooting people in duck costumes.
It's part of part of the reason we got behind President Cat all those years ago is it was something different crazy and seriously just put the game out.
It's going to be by understanding that everyone wants to play it really safe because you know new IPs kind of don't do well but take a risk.
You have to take risks to succeed. We just talked about. Here's how you do it.
You just you put out the HD version of you know the old PlayStation 2 games because you've got three of them.
You can do an HD trilogy which people are trying to get a petition going and actually has a lot of signatures on to get that to happen.
Then based on the response from that how well that sells then you go decide OK should we move forward with you know putting this out as you know times players for.
I think it would do well. I think I mean if they put out an HD version of these games I would buy an RP.
It's easy. I mean times where it seriously was a great game. It was one of those games that I actually bought one of the.
I forget what the hell they called it but like a multi tap but is basically you know maybe it was all these up you know the four player add on for the PS 2.
I bought that for time splitters too. And it was fantastic fun. So I just hope they do it.
Somebody put it out or hey you know what free radical I mean or X free radical because I think they're gone.
There's all I mean if they have the IP which I don't know who had owns IP right now but if they have the IP there's always Kickstarter and I guarantee that shit we get kick started no problem.
All right well speaking of bad management decisions Sega has been pulling some crazy shit on YouTube.
They are shutting down channels or I should say excuse me shutting down the videos which could lead to a channel shut down if it happens too many times.
Of any type of uploaded video of the Sega Saturn RPG shining force 3.
Now it's weird because you know it's not like shining force 3 is this brand it's not an episode of the walking dead that somebody's posting to YouTube.
You know it's something that's years old so the question is why now. Well there is a new PSP installment called shining arc that is coming out in Japan in February.
Okay so maybe they don't want people searching YouTube to get confused but doesn't that seem a little bit throwing the baby out with the bathwater to somebody.
Here's the other crazy thing. Not only were let's play videos thrown out walkthroughs random gameplay clip clips fans talking about shining force were shut down.
How is that even possible.
Well okay here's how it's possible because Sega is a YouTube partner. They get the little button that allows them to take down you know basically a content thing.
No questions asked the content provider has only 24 hours to appeal it that.
NBC has these buttons too and so forth and this is what led the internet to rage against Pippa and SOPA and all that stuff because it would have given the government one of these buttons.
And you know it would have been open season on not just YouTube. Now granted YouTube has the right to do whatever they want on their turf.
You can't claim this is a freedom of speech thing. There would be nothing stopping you from going to Vimeo or whatever unless Sega decides to crack down there too or whatever other site you want to do.
But this just seems like a crappy decision on Sega's part especially if this is something to do with shining arc.
A game that's not even going to come out in the US or you know so we think so far.
I mean so you're going to shut down all the fan channels of this niche game from many years ago to promote your new game. Why?
You're just going to ruffle the feathers of the people that will most likely be buying your game.
Why wouldn't you want some of the publicity out there and so forth?
AcidicVampire wants to know yeah OLR will this be bleeped on the downloaded podcast?
No because this podcast isn't a part of YouTube. It's part of VOG Network. We don't have an agreement with Sega.
And that is where the government does allow me to say what I want for the purposes of critique.
I wouldn't slander Shining Force or slander Sega or so what but I'm entitled to my opinion and my opinion is this is bullshit.
And you can't sue me for that. I'm entitled to my opinion. I'm saying it on my own show that I pay for with my own money for the network and so forth and all that.
That's freedom of speech.
And freedom of the press.
Exactly.
So there you go. No I know AcidicVampire was teasing but I did want to make that point. He says I was teasing.
Wise.
So.
Yeah a cram in the chat says too. Now Sega is going to shut down OLR for mentioning Shining Force.
Shining Force. Shining Force. Shining Force. Shining Force. Shining Force.
Oh and how about this. Fantasy Star. How about some Fantasy Star Rob.
I would play.
Oppa Oppa.
I would play some music from Shining Force but I can't because all the YouTubes have been shut down.
Do I happen to have any in my collection?
I've got soundtracks at home.
I might. You never know.
And there's also the soundcloud.
Look what I have. Look what I have.
Oh see.
Look what I have.
Look what I have.
Let's play it.
Alright everybody it's the totally illegal edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Play that with mailbag.
Play that with mailbag.
No because I think technically you're only allowed to use 30 seconds for the purposes of 15.
As I found out when doing the intro to another show, it's 10% of the song up to 30 seconds.
Well we'll cut it off at 23 seconds. There you go.
So that song sucked.
Just kidding. I don't really think that but I actually like Shining Force. That's the sad thing about it.
Totally illegal edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
I have like a bunch of the old Shining Force games.
AcidicVampire in chat says, I'm witnessing illegal behavior. Oh my.
Frisbee in chat says, Orange Pirate Radio.
There you go. Alright.
SSG100Matt says, No no no it's only Shining Force 3 guys. Shining Force 1 and 2 don't count.
Oh well.
Alright anyhow. That was Shining Force Medley by the way.
Let's move on to more news.
DarkSagra.
Well, for anyone who is a fan of The Walking Dead, as we know who was, you know, not listening to Bobby's show and was watching The Walking Dead.
Or reading books.
Um, The Walking Dead Assault is going to be on iOS and it will be an isometric strategy game.
Which, I mean, guarantees I won't be playing it because I hate those kinds of games.
However, it's a pretty neat looking game.
It's, you know, mostly looks black and white with a few blue elements.
And some blood splatter.
Oh, there's some green in here.
So yeah, it looks like it's mostly black and white with some overlay of various bright colors as effects.
But it's, I don't know, it looks kind of neat.
But it's supposed to be episodic like the Telltale series.
And it's going to follow a new cast.
And it's going to be based more on the comic.
Quit promoting the competition. Geez.
No, I'm just kidding.
Get it because the show is on?
I hear the game is very, very good.
That's on my list of things I need to finish this holiday season is The Walking Dead games.
Even though I've never watched the show.
But it doesn't matter because the games are based on the books.
It's the one common misconception people make.
Alright, let's move on and travel around the world and look at some games that are coming out very, very soon.
Yes, this week we've got Far Cry 3 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and on PC.
A few games coming out on the Wii, Rise of the Guardians.
Because it was a little bit delayed from the other launch.
Family Party, 30 Great Games Obstacle Arcade on the Wii, only for 30 bucks.
Scribblenauts Unlimited on PC, Rapalas Probe, Bass Fishing, 2012 on the Wii U.
Cavella's Dangerous Hunts, 2013 on the Wii U.
Marvel Avengers Battle for Earth on the Wii U.
Guardians of Middle Earth on PlayStation 3.
Fun little voucher there.
I like buying digital games in a package.
Resistance Collection on the PS3.
And what else here?
Oh, the Mass Effect trilogy on PS3 finally coming out.
Already preordered.
You are such a consumer whore.
You would have done it too.
You know what? No, I wouldn't have because I play on PC.
Whatever.
Also...
I hope the PlayStation 3 version has an extra scene with Garrus.
Just to make you mad.
And yeah, that's actually it for this week.
Almost to the end of games for this year because we only got a couple more weeks before.
It's all kind of crap coming out next, but that's it.
Alright, well let's go to Japan and check out the releases there.
It's a little bit of a different story. It's a busy week in Japan.
On the Xbox 360, Saints Row the Third, the full package.
I'm assuming that is like the version that has all the DLC and whatever is out in Japan this week.
On the PlayStation 3, a couple price reductions for Biohazard Revival Selection.
Resident Evil.
Devil May Cry HD Collection, probably because of the new one.
A new slim console that's Ryu Ga Gotoku 5 Emblem Edition.
Because Ryu Ga Gotoku 5 Yume Kanaishi Mono comes out this week from Sega.
And that is on the PlayStation 3.
And going to the Vita, nothing this week, but Spy Hunter coming out in Japan next week.
I didn't even know that was still a thing that was going on.
On the 3DS this week in Japan, Paper Mario Super Seal.
I'm hearing good things about that, by the way, here in the States.
That's one I haven't looked at, but yeah.
Pika Pika Nurse Monogatari 2.
Like, what is that? That has nothing to do, like, it's not Pikachu.
It's just Pika Pika...
I don't know what this is.
It's cute!
What is she doing? She's like measuring crack on that little scale.
Well, that seems like it's pretty self-explanatory.
I think it's a vet hospital game, actually, judging from the pets on the calendars.
I think it's like a pet hospital game.
Maybe.
She's a pet pharmacist.
And Slime Mori Mori Dragon Quest 3.
Taikaizoku to Shippuden on the Nintendo 3DS this week.
But it doesn't end there.
Know why?
Because the Wii U launches on December 8th.
That is before our next show.
Oh, stop it.
The Wii U is great.
And we'll be launching in Japan.
Of course, just like they did here with the black version and the white version.
There's also a set they're going to be launching over there.
The Monster Hunter 3G HD Premium set.
Because one of their huge launch games is Monster Hunter 3G HD version.
That is a game that is launching with the console over there.
Otherwise, other games launching in Japan this week for the Wii U.
Assassin's Creed 3.
Batman Arkham City Armored Edition.
FIFA 13 World Class Soccer.
Mass Effect 3 Special Edition.
Musou Orochi 2 Hyper.
New Super Mario Bros. U.
Nintendo Land.
Ninja Gaiden 3 Razor's Edge.
Tekken Tag Tournament 2.
And I think that's it.
Zombie U.
Rounding out the launch games over there in Japan.
That does it for Japanese release dates.
How about the UK Dark Sakura?
On the 4th, we have Battlefield 3 Aftermath.
On the 5th, Guardians of Middle Earth and The Critter Chronicles.
That's just a cute name.
On the 7th, we have Air Conflict Specific Carriers.
Mass Effect Trilogy Edition for PS3.
And Paper Mario Sticker Star.
The end.
The end, Rob.
Forever. No, I'm kidding.
No, we still have two more shows before that.
Damn it. Okay.
By the way, speaking of all that,
Hubbaloo and chat about the world ending on the 21st.
Did you know NASA has an official section on their website
dedicated to why that whole thing is a farce?
And like, the world is not even...
But I was reading this fascinating story on Google about how like,
like a lot of us kind of are treating it as a joke at this point.
Like, yeah, okay, the world's ending again.
Because we all went through this, what, just six months ago
when that wacko out of the East Bay was talking about, you know,
May whatever's Judgment Day, the rapture and all that.
But like, some people get seriously emotionally disturbed by this stuff.
And I mean, it makes sense.
Especially like, younger people really thinking like,
the world is gonna end and they get really like, depressed over it.
And like, you know, I don't mean to make light of it.
Like, it's actually really sad.
But it makes me just kind of think like, oh, we shouldn't,
shouldn't perpetuate that kind of crap.
Because some people really take it like, too far.
Like, they're just convinced.
Even though NASA has come out and said,
look, there is no meteor headed towards Earth.
If there was, you could see it in the sky by now.
It is not like, like, he's a black meteor.
You can't see black on black.
Even in Majora's Mask, people, you could see the thing getting bigger
as it was coming towards Hyrule.
That would be ironic if it was the meteor with the face on it.
Anyway, let's move on.
A couple more news stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So this is kind of cool.
You know, if you happen to invest in one of the Raspberry Pis,
the little pocket sized computer that's like, 35 bucks.
You're gonna have a new game that you may be able to run on pretty soon.
They're gonna be doing a Pi edition of Minecraft.
It's gonna be kind of similar to like, the Pocket edition.
Definitely scaled down to run on, you know, such a small computer.
With limited processing power.
But pretty awesome.
And it's gonna be free.
So, um, looking forward to that.
I actually kind of want to get one of these.
They have a huge waiting list.
Or at least they did have a huge waiting list.
You know, to be able to buy one.
And I just, at the time I'm like, what the hell am I gonna do with this?
But I still kind of want one.
Because it's kind of fun to, you know, mess with.
It's a $35 computer.
And now it plays Minecraft.
So that's even better.
Is Minecraft gonna be an Ouya thing?
Not to derail too much.
Speaking of cheap.
Well, here's the thing.
Minecraft is already on Android.
And granted, Ouya is gonna be supporting stuff through their marketplace.
But I would think that it would be able to run.
Depending on how they have the buttons mapped for the controllers.
If it runs like any of those Bluetooth gamepads.
I mean, if you remember, there was a version that was on the Xperia Play.
Which is an Android device.
And, you know, that ran with controller support.
So technically maybe the Pocket Edition would be supported.
I would hope that they would have their own version for it.
But I don't think it's gonna be something you see at launch.
I mean, it's gonna be something that they'd have to, like, adapt to it.
Or get, you know, some sort of, you know, not just have to see how popular it is.
And then decide to port it over.
But, you know, who's to say?
It might, you know, run other games that are not, you know, officially supported by Ouya.
And it just may run.
So, hopefully.
Alright, well, Dark Sakura, I don't think I've ever seen one of these in your vault.
But, uh, a Vectrex. Do you have one of these in the vault?
The Vectrex?
No.
No? You should get one. They're pretty neat.
Even though they were kind of a very, very niche thing.
And if you don't know what this is, vector gaming was really big in the 80s.
We almost had one.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What stopped you?
And they were like, wait, it's a Vectrex.
Well, uh, vector gaming was kind of all the rage for a while there.
Probably the most well-known vector game would probably be what?
Tempest?
Actually, Star Wars.
Yeah.
Remember, the original Star Wars was a vector game.
But vector games were also super big on the Atari systems, too.
That's true. That's true.
Well, a whole system came out dedicated to vector-based games.
I had one for a while.
Did you really? I remember that. I do.
And they were like little tabletop units.
Yeah.
Right? And they had a game built in.
Mindstorm was the built-in game, which was basically Asteroids, but like, you know, that type of thing.
But they did release other games to the Vectrex.
Well, the Vectrex is coming back of sorts.
It's a release called Vectrex Regeneration.
It is on the iOS platforms, meaning iPad and iPhone, of course.
It's free.
So if you want to check it out, it does come with Mindstorm for free.
And you can check it out.
And I got to say, I was checking it out a little bit before the show.
And it's a pretty, you know, for these retro collections, they didn't do a shitty job of it.
You know, because sometimes you see these retro collections, they're kind of hack jobs, like they're not very good.
But they actually, you know, put in little achievement systems.
They have a little cork board in there that you can have your little achievements on.
And they have the box arts, the original one that you can fully rotate and, you know, look at.
They did a pretty good job.
So, you know, hey, it's free. Why not check it out?
And you can play Mindstorm.
Now, of course, if you want more, 18 other titles from the Vectrex's collection are available for $6.99.
Not a bad deal.
That also comes with iCade support.
I find that interesting that they're paywalling that.
Almost got an iCade.
Yeah?
But still 100 bucks.
Like I said earlier, I still kind of want one.
I won't win two.
Even though it is 100 bucks, I do still kind of want one.
Because I just, can you imagine me just plopping it there on the table?
Do you know what we found, by the way?
We found a little, I think it's like a NES controller thing that hooks onto Android phones.
Oh, that's cool.
Or like a special type of controller attachment.
But it was kind of neat.
But it was much cheaper.
All 29 games ever released for the system will be added at some point as in-app purchases.
What is missing from the app?
Actual plastic screen covers.
Like you had on the, do you remember you had to take these little screen covers?
You know what was missing on my Vectrex?
Actual plastic screen covers.
Oh, yeah.
You didn't have those?
No.
I mean, you can play Mindstorm without one, but...
You can play all of them without them.
I mean, I'm sure that the games have like some sort of overlay.
Yeah.
Oh, no, no.
Yeah.
Of course.
Yeah.
In the app, obviously.
How hard is it with modern technology?
Just draw the plastic on top of it.
But it still looked kind of neat.
I like that.
So check that out.
Just search for Vectrex in the app store.
V-E-C-T-R-E-X.
A little shout-out for those guys at Rant Media Games who've made that.
All right.
Let's, hey, what a great lead-in to the Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the vault, so you know it won't be a Vectrex game.
But she's going to pick a game that she thinks, hey, you brats should be playing this game.
You better recognize.
How about you better recognize her?
Ooh, is it Tron?
Did you pick Tron as the Classic Game of the Week?
No, I didn't.
Oh.
Dan picks the game again.
Again?
Yeah, but I have a reason for this one.
All right.
What is the Classic Game of the Week?
The Golden Axe.
I have not done Golden Axe.
Wow.
I should have done Shining Force.
You really should have, but that's okay.
Yeah.
All right.
So Golden Axe is the Classic Game of the Week.
Oh, man, Rob, your contrast is like way crazy on your computer.
I'm sorry.
We've all had those.
Stop the stupid ads.
I know.
That's all right.
But Golden Axe is a game that was primarily developed by Makoto Uchida.
And it's a side-scrolling hack and slash video game.
Pow!
Done in 1989 for the, um, actually System 16B arcade hardware.
And, of course, it came out on the Genesis and Master System much later.
It's sort of a Conan the Barbarian type of game.
The high fantasy medieval world.
And you play as one of three characters who are getting revenge on Death Adder.
What a great name.
Of course, I always laugh at the later ones because we have Death Adder Jr.
That just makes me laugh.
Hi, I'm going to name you Death Adder Jr.
Um, so you...
Why not?
If I have a kid, I think Rob Roberts Jr. would be a great name.
Don't you?
I thought you had a different one in mind.
Yeah, but we can't get into it.
I know.
I'm not saying it.
Um, anyway, the first character you have is a dwarf that wields a battle axe called Gilius Thunderhead.
Which is just an awesome name.
And it's a golden axe.
Yes, but the actual golden axe is in the possession of Death Adder.
What?
Who tries to use it to kill you to death.
Um, there's also a male barbarian.
And, Rob, this is an even better name.
Um, the guy's name is Axe Battler.
Yeah, Axe Battler.
It just sounds to me like it would be, you know, um, something from like a re-dubbed anime.
That was like, sort of like, you know, Voltron or something.
Um, and then you, uh, have, he uses a broadsword by the way.
And he's trying to avenge the murder of his mother.
And Gilius is trying to avenge the death of his brother.
And then you have the redhead lady, uh, Tyrus Flare.
Who is an Amazon.
And her parents were killed by Death Adder.
Death Adder is a bastard.
He's just a dirty bitch.
Um, so anyway, they, uh, go to rescue everyone from Turtle Village.
Which actually turns out to be on a turtle.
And the turtle takes them across the sea.
And then they go to the castle in the back of a giant eagle.
And then they beat Death Adder to death.
You know, how ironic.
And it turns out his daddy, Deathbringer, is the real final boss in the Genesis version.
And then they get the golden axe and they're immortal like forever.
So, um, it's, you've got like different, um, capabilities with them.
For example, the dwarf is strongest on weapon but weakest on, um, spell power.
Where the, uh, Amazon is strongest on spell power but weakest on sword power.
And then the regular, you know, dude's like, look at my chest.
And he's all average.
Oh, I love the artwork for this because it looks like seriously something straight off of a D&D cover.
Um, but anyway, um, the, uh, the producer was super, you know, fond of the action movies.
Especially the Conan ones.
So that's why he, uh, you know, basically made the game in this theme.
And there's all kinds of other versions of it.
There was the Mega Drive slash Genesis version that was very faithful to the arcade version.
With an extra level of place you can kill Death Adder's daddy.
And we've got the, uh...
This is my favorite part, kicking the shit out of those little gnomes that had the potions.
Yeah.
Sorry.
And then, um...
There was, uh, the, uh, Sega CD one that was a Sega Classics arcade that had Redbook audio music and voiceovers.
Um, there was a virtual console version.
There was the Sega Smash Pack, the Genesis Collection, Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection.
Um, there's a version on PlayStation Plus for free.
Um, there were also PC versions that came out that had a 256 color palette in VGA mode.
And it could run it in EGA mode as well.
And a CGA and 2 color mode.
Which, why would you want to play it in 2 color?
You haven't lived until you've played Golden Axe in CGA.
Anyway.
But which color palette was it?
Was it the...
I'm pretty sure it was the CMYK.
Not the RGB, yeah.
Which is very funny since, um, monitors are built for RGB.
Actually, whoops, I'm sorry.
No, the other palette wasn't RGB, it was RGY.
Blue was only in the CMYK palette.
CMY.
No, it wasn't even CMY.
God, I can't get it right.
CMYK is for print only.
No, it was, it was, it was not, it was white.
Not black.
Yes.
Syma, Genta, uh, white and black.
And then the other one was...
The CMWK?
Uh, red, green, yellow, and black.
Yeah, that was it.
Okay.
Anyway.
Thank you for the history lesson.
Color theory.
Mr. Loki.
The ZX Spectrum, um, and the Commodore 64 versions also were rather limited.
Um, there, like I said, there were different things added.
The Master System version, um, retold the story from the perspective of the Axe Battler
who was called Tarek in that game.
And it's only one player.
Um, Golden Axe was also released by, um, Telnet for the PC Engine.
And it was, like, super resampled music, cut scenes, you name it.
It's a very, very freaking good version of that game.
Um.
Sorry for the, uh, cut fact that the music cut out, but I, I'm trying to find a YouTube
clip of Golden Axe CGA, because I found a YouTube clip of 39 DOS retro games in CGA.
Dude.
I saw the Deanna Jones.
I didn't even know they had DuckTales in CGA.
Dude, dude.
Oh, God, it was purple.
Well, I will continue while Rob's looking for that.
Um, there was also a handheld TV game of the arcade legend Sega Genesis Volume 1, and an
enhanced remake that came out on PS2 as part of the Sega Ages line, which we came close
to getting.
Was the skater die guy supposed to be Rodney Dangerfield?
Because I swear to God.
I swear to God it's Rodney Dangerfield.
No respect.
Alright, never mind.
Okay.
Sorry, I didn't mean to derail with another game, but it was an important question that
had to be asked.
I will give you, um.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You found it?
Here's the answer.
It is the, it is the red, green, yellow, black palette.
There is Golden Axe.
It doesn't look too terrible for what it is.
In all your studying.
Oh, that's not the actual audio.
That's just from the video.
But there is Golden Axe.
I was gonna say, that actually looks, that doesn't look that bad.
Yeah.
They did some pretty crazy shit with four colors back in the day.
Damn.
You should see strip poker CGA.
I have.
Oh, Lord.
Of course you have.
Well, here's a little factoid with my history with this game.
The second game I ever played on the Sega Saturn, Rob, was Golden Axe, the duel.
Wow.
You know, the first game I played was?
It's a crappy Gundam game that came out, my friend imported.
So, anyway.
There you go.
Best classic game.
Golden Axe.
Awesome.
Pow.
Sorry, now I'm looking up.
Oh my God.
Rob.
It's strip poker on the Commodore 64.
Oh my God, Rob.
You need to put that porn away.
Some of those strip poker games may have for shareware.
Oh my God.
Somebody should flag this video for being disgusting.
Hey, I see some bush.
Exactly.
Four colors.
I mean, serious.
Oh, the 80s.
I don't know why it's so funny.
Oh, I know exactly why it's so funny.
Rob, do you find pubes really funny?
Well, no, I'm laughing because it just happened to be at the moment I was looking at the video,
it said, my hand, because, you know, as in a poker reference, but then I'm like, her
hand looks like it's in her butt.
She's getting herself ready.
You shouldn't be calling it.
In fact, I will actually post that and see.
Alpha Kinanogram is demanding links.
There you go in the chat room.
There you go.
Strip poker.
Since we're on the illegal episode of Orange on the Radio.
Strip poker in all its Commodore 64 glory.
We'll share porn with the kids too.
Sorry, I'm also asking Rama to tumble this with a parental advisory.
Good Lord.
All right.
Here we go.
Moving on.
That's it for part A.
We need to take a break and clean up our act.
It's a very dirty illegal show tonight, but there's plenty more to come in part B.
We've got more Wii U to talk about.
We're going to talk about sales figures over Black Light Friday, Black Friday, and more
news on Ouya and some Nintendo rumors when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this December the 2nd of 2012 with the 484th episode of our podcast.
We're going to hit 500 early next year.
Can you believe it?
We need to plan something special, like for real this time.
Like even bigger than our 10th anniversary show, which was just like people visiting
from far away coming to see the show.
We need to plan something huge for our 500th episode.
I don't know what, but something that can be done on a very low budget.
We'll have to throw ourselves a party at Chuck E. Cheese.
That's about what can fit in the budget.
How will THQ bundle scene codes for everyone?
Resell keys to the bundle.
No, that's terrible.
That's awful.
How dare you even suggest that?
We'll figure something out.
OLR Kickstarter for OLR Con.
No, I don't know.
I guess it would be more appropriate to have the party at Roseville Golf Land.
Did you know that the other night, um, you know, Saturday night was kind of a blood day,
but there was a break in the storms and Alan and I were kind of going,
what should we do?
Should we even go do something?
What do you want to do?
And it was actually suggested, should we go to Roseville Golf Land?
And we were like, what would we do?
We're going to drive all the way out there and play what?
Like there's not that many great arcade games anymore.
I guess we could have driven to that bowling alley in Rockland.
That's got some stuff.
I like them, but
Blood strikes or whatever it's called.
At least the last time I was there, they had some interesting things, but whatever.
Uh, all right.
We'll figure something out.
Uh, yep.
But no breaks in the near future coming.
As far as we know, we're going to keep doing an episode every week on into 2013.
Assuming, of course, the world does not end in a couple of weeks,
although we all know it won't.
Come on.
The media needs something to report on.
All right, let's get into some rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk about something I mentioned during my gaming week,
which is Skrillex.
Skrillex?
Crest.
I swear, that's like a tongue twister for me.
It's basically kind of a combination of a bunch of different things.
Retro, like NES games.
Because the whole thing, the premise of it is that there's this piece of dust
that falls onto an NES cartridge,
and it's what happens when that dust corrupts everything in the game.
And so you're completing this, uh, link type character
that's kind of done in this, you know, sword and sorcery type art.
And you're fighting glitches that are in the game
and trying to save this sort of princess thing.
And it's pretty cool.
It's a free game.
You can check it out on their website.
Which, let's see here.
I don't remember the hell it is.
But, um, it's pretty cool.
It's done by, like I said, the guy that did the Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now game,
the Perfect Strangers one, Jason Oda.
He kind of specializes in Adver games.
And, yes, so check this out.
It's SkrillexQuest.com.
It's pretty easy to find that.
Another kind of indie game that's getting a really unasked for sequel,
uh, Barclay's Shut Up and Jam Gaiden
is getting the sequel entitled The Magical Realms of Tirnaa Nog,
Escape from Necron 7, Revenge of C'thulun,
and the official game of the movie,
chapter two of the Hoops Barclay saga,
or Barclay 2 for short.
It's being Kickstarted right now.
And to be honest, I mean, I remember seeing some of the stuff
for Barclay's Shut Up and Jam Gaiden,
and this looks nothing like it.
It just looks like kind of this weird cyberpunk game.
Um, and they're looking for $35,000 on Kickstarter,
and some of the bonuses include all sorts of weird things,
including a cyberdwarf body pillow,
and of course, you know, game downloads, soundtrack, and that kind of stuff.
So that's interesting.
And then last but not least, Dishonored doing pretty well in retail market.
Their sales have exceeded the expectations of Bethesda,
so I guess that means we're going to see another series of games,
or another franchise from Bethesda, which is fine.
I think it was a pretty awesome game.
Apparently, it sold 460,000 copies in North America during October.
And of course, the sales figures, I think, for November,
obviously haven't been released yet, because we just got into December.
So we'll have to see what it did, you know,
competing up against Assassin's Creed and...
Well, actually, I guess we saw a little bit of Assassin's Creed sales in there,
but, you know, more Assassin's Creed 3 sales in Halo 4 and Black Ops 2.
Yeah.
All right, well, moving on to a game I talked about last week,
Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed.
It's going to be a game that's going to get a patch on the Wii U.
The Wii U version of the game is borked right now.
You'll know that if you've tried to beat the boost challenge.
It is pretty much impossible to beat.
I guess if you're, like, superhuman, you can beat it.
But, yeah, some boost pads that are supposed to be there,
that are there in the other versions of the game, not there.
No wonder I couldn't beat it when I played it.
I was like, this is too hard.
And I thought maybe I needed to do more drifting to get those boosts,
but I guess there really was a bug.
So the patch has already been sent to Nintendo for review.
So I'm assuming that means it will be out very soon.
You just weren't snaking enough.
I guess not, which, technically, I don't know if that's something you can do.
I mean, you can't do it to the level.
You can do it in Mario Kart, but it's possible.
Also, speaking of Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed,
there is going to be DLC for the game at some point,
especially, we know, on 360 and PlayStation 3 versus the game.
But folks in the community were throwing out ideas for DLC,
and executive producer Steve Lysett with Sumo Digital,
who made the game, put out a challenge.
Quote, without any policing from the Sumo or Sega crew,
if you can all agree on three characters by the first of December
and prove there is sufficient interest of at least 1,000 unique people per character,
I will present the result to Sega, the fans delivered,
separate change.org petitions for the following characters
for these three current leaders.
Hatsune Miku, Project D.Va, that's a great choice.
Ryo Hazuki, from Shenmue, no surprise there.
Segata Sanshiro, the Sega Saturn mascot, if you weren't already aware.
No guarantees that those three characters will be included,
but those are some pretty bitchin' choices.
I hope that they do include Ryo, that they include him driving a forklift.
I hope when he takes somebody out, he'll be,
there's your game of Lucky Hit, asshole.
Moving on to some other...
I want to see, like, Echo the Dolphin or something like that.
Some ridiculous that just won't work, you know, or, I don't know.
Do they have ToeJam and Earl in there?
I don't think so.
There's still a lot of great Sega characters they could use.
But anyway, moving on to other Nintendo news about the Wii U.
In an interview with IGN, Satoru Iwata said,
you know what, we're not interested in emulating online services
like Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network.
Here we go again with that whole, we gotta be different.
The jokes write themselves.
Let me read the quote, then you make the joke.
We have not thought that offering the same features that already exist
within other online communities would be the best proposal
for very experienced game players.
Nintendo has paid a great deal of attention to the dynamic
of people playing video games together in the same room.
With Wii U, we thought about expanding this concept into separate rooms,
which are connected online.
Miiverse is a network community dedicated to video games
that represents a very unique game-dedicated social graph
that has never existed before.
All right, although I think about half that statement
as the typical blowing-smoke-up-my-ass stuff
that you get in the PR speak world,
you do have to admit Miiverse is something different.
It is not done on Xbox Live or PlayStation Network.
It is different.
I think you totally missed the whole underlying statement here
that they've totally put forth.
They want you to buy one for each member of your family.
That's why there's only one game pad for that console.
It's because each member of your family should own one
in their own separate rooms.
That's right, and they'll connect via the internet.
Don't you know that's why the Wii Mini exists?
The Canadian Wii Mini so that every kid's bedroom can have one.
But it can't be connected to each other because...
It doesn't matter. Shut up and go play Wii Sports.
Go to your room. Okay.
Why would I play a game that came out with the Wii?
It's not like it's Super Mario Brothers or something like that.
You know, a game that actually is awesome.
Shut up and go play Wii Fit.
I'm sorry. That game's terrible.
Wasn't there supposed to be a Wii Fit U?
Yeah, there is.
Where is it?
Launch Window. Remember, they still have six more years.
Excuse me.
Launch Window is such bullshit.
Launch Window should be that week that's coming out.
You know, if it launches on Sunday...
Hey, I understand that all games are not going to be free on Sunday.
Like a month. From launch to Christmas would have been Launch Window to me.
Launch Window is not fucking your fiscal year that the launch happens to take place in.
That's like calling a hole blown into your wall that's the entire site of your house.
That's the Launch Window for investors only.
The people that Nintendo's really trying to speak to.
That's like calling the wall missing in a dollhouse a window.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Miiverse is very unique. I think it's cool.
People can write and stuff directly from the gamepad.
However, if I had it, I wouldn't be able to draw on it.
I can't draw Jack's shit, only stick figures.
Yeah, I gotta admit, the whole Miiverse thing, as much as I do love it,
I think it's great and the community element and so forth,
it really reminds me how bad of a drawer I am.
I tried to draw one for one of the levels I beat in Mario and it's just, it's not, it's not good.
I'm not a good artist at all.
And the Wii U makes me feel insignificant.
You know, I think this is going to be very popular until it goes away,
a Pictochat where everyone just kind of like, I'm over it.
I can't believe internet Pictochat's not a thing, but I guess Nintendo can't please that.
That would be awesome.
Penises everywhere.
Think about the children.
One of the places Nintendo was getting slammed with the launch of the Wii U console
was that you can't really move your Nintendo network account.
Well, some clarity's come forth this week.
Through somebody who sent their bricked Wii U system into Nintendo,
Nintendo in turn sent them back a brand new console that was allowing them to sign in
to their previously made Nintendo network account.
So there's the answer.
If you want to move your Nintendo ID from one console to another,
just send it in to Nintendo. They'll do it for you.
That's cost effective.
I'm assuming, especially if they launch Wii U.
That's the way they do it with the Wii.
If they, when they launch Wii U's in other colors and other shapes and all this other stuff,
there'll be a way to do it in the future.
There'll be a, a move me channel or something.
It's just stupid.
It is a little ridiculous.
It's just like, hey, features that are helpful.
Ah, fuck that. We're different.
We, we don't want to emulate the guys that actually have functioning online services.
We're just gonna, we're gonna wing it.
It's our, we're gonna wing it.
We're gonna try to create something that's more like, you know, social and stuff.
Oh, patches?
Well, uh, uh, online connectivity?
Uh, well, um, yeah.
I don't know.
Alright, Bobby in our chat room by Black Wolf says,
I drew something that said I couldn't draw.
I got Yaz for it.
My stick figure flipped a table and a stick kitty told me to please be reasonable with the table.
I haven't seen that drawing yet.
I need to log on to Miiverse.
Alright, uh, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Uh, hold on.
Okay, there we go.
Well, uh-
Hold on to what?
Shush.
The new Super Mario Bros. 2 is getting Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. 3 levels
and they are available now.
They are through, uh, it looks like free Coin Rush content and is now available to download.
So, that's good for people who have that.
Yay for DLC, right?
After that, it's gonna be $250.
Then, um, for the Vita, there is going to be, um, a PlayStation Plus, uh, bundle.
So, it's gonna be $300 and, um, it will have the PlayStation Plus Instant Game collection
and it will be a black 3G Wi-Fi Vita, a year of Plus, and a voucher for download of Unit 13
and a 4GB memory card.
And last, uh, but not least, um, Stern is bringing out Avengers Pinball.
Yay.
Which, I mean, we all saw that coming anyway because Stern is basically the only releaser of pinball games now.
But, hey, it will, uh, hopefully be a good table.
I'll keep my fingers crossed.
Alright, let's go to the FUGL Question of the Week.
It's my vehicle.
Facebook plus Google. Slam them together and you get FUGL.
And, uh, we ask a question on our social network communities every week.
This week is the following.
What is on your gamer's Christmas list?
Or Hanukkah, Festivus, whatever it is you observe.
So, that's it. Pretty simple question with the holidays coming up.
We want to know what people are asking for from Santa Claus and Hanukkah Harry
and their Festivus poll and the moon or whatever it is.
So, starting off with some of the answers from Facebook.
We have a lot of answers tonight. I can't read them all.
I'm going to read some of the names I don't usually see in chat.
Uh, Dart Charger says,
While I wasn't quite willing to pull the trigger myself, I wouldn't mind if Santa put a Wii U under the tree.
I'm not going to buy a Wii U.
James S. replied and said,
I have my eye on PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale,
but other than that, I believe next year will be exponentially better.
Possibly even new consoles from Sony and Microsoft.
You know, we didn't get into it in tonight's news. We're not going to.
But, uh, the Microsoft rumors were taken off again about the new console.
Like, it even showed up on my Google News feed.
Uh, just more rumors about Microsoft launching in Holiday 2013.
And I almost kind of thought that was a given.
I don't know why it suddenly got a little...
It's just someone else saying the same thing again.
Investors picking up on it.
Oh, we think they're going to...
We're an analyst and we think that they're going to launch a new console, you know, next year.
Cool. You know, if I say that, no one fucking cares.
Here's the part that surprised me about that story.
The part that was news and interesting is that they may not unveil it at E3.
They may do their own event.
Which, it makes sense. Why not?
They can get away with it. Nintendo does it.
I mean, they do E3, but instead of Tokyo Game Show, they do their own thing.
Why shouldn't Microsoft do their own thing?
I actually think that's a great idea, actually, as long as it's before E3.
Because unveil the console before E3 and then make E3 about...
What, everybody? What? What?
The games.
Xbox Live. No.
Halo 5?
I would love that. I would love it if E3 could actually be about the game.
So, alright.
Oop, I guess the music was too loud in that previous segment.
Sorry, I thought it was at its usual volume. My bad.
Live radio, it's fun.
I heard myself. Alright.
Let's see.
Burr replied and said,
I'm terrible in that I've already bought everything I wanted for myself, like a Wii U and whatnot.
I would love a Steam sale on Borderlands 2 DLC or Mass Effect 3 DLC, however.
Yeah, I mean, that's the thing about growing up, is that you kind of end up buying yourself all the stuff you want.
Like, I bought myself a Wii U. That was kind of my early Christmas present to myself.
I'm not really expecting anything else from anyone.
You know, I wanted it. I bought it. Happy holidays.
Degenerate Johnny said,
To be honest, I've been pretty disappointed with this fall's lineup of games.
Therefore, my holiday list will consist of paid-off pre-orders of next year's games,
such as Dead Space 3, as well as BioShock Infinite.
Tiara from Geek-Life.com said,
I need the new Skyrim DLC, Dragonborn.
No, really. I need it. For reasons.
Let's see.
Critical Myth replied and said,
Assassin's Creed 3, PlayStation Vita with Assassin's Creed Liberation,
and a couple of memory cards. Mass Effect Trilogy. Those are the big ticket items.
And Dave Falcon said,
Assassin's Creed 3 for my fiance for Hanukkah.
Well, that's what you bought somebody else. We want to know what you wanted under your tree.
But I guess that works.
Let's see. Moving on to our Google Plus community.
Just a few comments here, so I'll read these.
ActDeft says, I want an HDTV to play games in HD.
I'm still rocking a 15-inch SDTV.
A 3DS, since it's turning out to be a solid console now.
Forza Horizon Season Pass.
King of Fighters XIII for 360.
It's free on PlayStation Plus, just saying.
Although I guess PlayStation Plus isn't free, but whatever.
Zone of the Enders HD.
Everything on my Steam wish list.
RAM for my PC.
You have a big list, ActDeft.
Oh well, lots of options, right?
Monster Bee wants the following for Christmas.
A PlayStation 3 controller charging station,
and a Steam gift card to help support my addiction in 2013.
What are you talking about 2013? That winter sale will still be going on in 2012.
And lastly, AJ Twist replied and said,
King of Fighters XIII on PlayStation 3,
a PlayStation 3 arcade stick,
and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV Turtles in Time on the Super Nintendo.
Good pick. Good pick.
All right, that does it for the FUGL Question of the Week.
DarkSakura, do you have any holiday gaming wishes?
Garris.
Oh yes, you even replied on Facebook. You want your Garris figure, right?
Yep.
Where's that from?
Play Arts.
Did you see the Mass Effect museum-style artwork that they were selling?
I didn't see very big pictures of it, but it's okay.
It looked nice. Me wanty.
Loki, anything on your holiday list?
I have really pretty much, you know, I bought the last console game I'm going to get,
so, uh, real thing, you know, if I'm going to get gifted something,
like a year to PlayStation Plus would be kind of cool,
because I don't really want to pay for that.
I don't even know if I would really use that.
Maybe a Raspberry Pi, but trying to explain that to anybody.
You know, it would be difficult for them to understand what the hell I was talking about.
You want pie? I thought you didn't like pie.
Yeah, that'd pretty much be it.
I was going to say, it's funny, our family, we kind of draw names, you know,
and just get one person, except for, you know, Josh gets gifts from everybody.
My wife, she's like, oh, I hope I get your name.
She's all, you know, instead of, you know, your mom or something like that,
because I don't know what to get them.
So, she got my name, and she's like, I'm not getting you anything.
Like, thanks.
Nice, nice, happy holidays.
Well, maybe it'll be a surprise if she does get you something.
Don't hold your breath.
No, I'm not holding my breath.
Um, on my, again, I pretty much bought everything I wanted,
but I wouldn't mind if I got, like, an iCade, or even, like,
like, one of these things I don't think I would ever buy myself,
but if it showed up, I'd be kind of happy, would be one of those Atari Flashback consoles.
I like retro shit.
I don't even think they sell those anymore.
They do at Toys R Us. I saw one the other day.
I figured they'd have old ass inventory.
They're not the old, they're like the 3, the Flashback 3s,
or whatever the newest ones are.
So, I like retro shit.
It amuses me.
Or a Ben Heck Xbox 360 laptop would be fucking awesome.
I want a working Commodore 64 to hook up to my TV,
which I don't even think you could do without some major converters,
but damn it, I would try it.
Oh, man.
Well, don't they have, like, an RF adapter?
Yeah, well, um...
They have the, well, it's UHF, right?
Yeah, there was, you could hook up...
Well, they have the UHF to RF. They used to have this.
You could hook up a Commodore 64 through RF adapter,
or something that was very similar to RCA plugs,
except for one video and two audio, there was two video and one audio.
So, like, you could, like, they didn't cross work,
but you could probably get a converter for those, too, somewhere.
Well, I think the Commodore 64 monitors were RGB, like, arcade monitors.
So, I have a converter board for that, you know, to play arcade games on your TV.
AlphaCananagram in our chat room says,
Rob, it's an Atari Flashback 4 with wireless controls now.
Oh, I had no idea. There you go. I want one.
Gimme, gimme, I want it all.
All right, let's move on with some more news, Loki.
So, you know, Zynga and Facebook have been pretty chummy for a while now,
but now they're just trying to read, you know,
set out new terms as far as their partnership goes.
Basically, what's gonna happen is they're gonna have some opportunities
to have Facebook, to have kind of official Facebook games,
and also, it'll also kind of tie in with Zynga will still, I guess,
use Facebook's payment system, but they're gonna kind of try to,
I guess, find a way to separate a little bit.
They're gonna allow, it's gonna allow each of the parties like Zynga
to promote game, their own games that they create,
and also, I guess, before they were required to use,
I guess, Facebook's monetization platform,
and now Facebook could, you know, make their own games
to compete with Farmville and stuff.
So, unfortunately, you know, the way I see this as,
you know, there's so many Farmville and those types of game clones,
it's just, I think Facebook came out with the official Facebook farming game.
I don't think anyone would give a shit.
I think it would be just like, you know, if EA came out with a farming game,
no one would care.
Insert my typical Facebook rant here.
I'm just, I'm so over Facebook.
You know, I was talking to somebody on my Facebook tonight
about why I enjoy Twitter more than Facebook,
and there was even a post I saw on Twitter that kind of talked about this,
and I really do like, I just, I, right now, as of late,
I enjoy Twitter more than Facebook,
because even though there are offensive things on Twitter,
don't get me wrong, like, people tend to offend a lot less on Twitter,
and I think it's, like, the character restriction kind of is, you know,
tighter there, so you have to really think before you post,
and, like, people aren't as forthright to just spew stuff all over,
and, I don't know, it's great.
I loves Twitter.
It's not perfect, but I, and there's no games, no games.
The only thing that shows up in my feed, promoted posts,
and luckily, they're pretty easy to scroll past.
Those are also on Facebook.
Oh, yeah. In fact, the Frugal Question of the Week,
I posted it tonight, and Facebook brings up this little pop-up,
would you like to promote this post for only $5,
which made me think, oh, nobody's going to see the Frugal Question of the Week this week,
which reminds me, listeners,
although I'm not always the best at getting the Frugal Question up,
like, with a lot of time before the show,
I usually have it up a good four or five hours before the show,
so, like, you know, about an hour before the show starts,
load Facebook, go directly to our page,
and you'll find the question. It's there.
Because I'm worried that Facebook probably isn't showing it to you
because of their algorithm.
I would love to see a social network that's, like,
the good parts of Facebook,
combined with the way Twitter works,
combined with, like, Tumblr.
Like, the thing I can't stand about Tumblr is that it's all, like,
you can't, like, comment on anything,
and you can't have a conversation on Tumblr.
I hate the way you have conversations on Tumblr.
There's a lot of good content out there. It's good for fandoms and all that,
but I just, I can't figure Tumblr out.
I know Dark Sakura has.
Tumblr's awesome.
Yeah.
Black Wolf says, really? There's Twitter drama every week.
Yeah, but in a Michael Jackson eating popcorn gif kind of way.
The good news is it usually doesn't involve me or my friends,
so I'm okay with it.
Twitter drama is when celebrities say shit, you know.
Anyway.
Moving on.
I don't want to talk all about social networking.
Everybody knows where they stand.
Sales figures coming in from the launch weekend of the Wii U for,
excuse me, launch week.
400,000 Wii U's sold in the first week.
Over that same period,
Nintendo sold 300,000 Wii consoles and 500,000 portable devices.
That's 1.2 million units sold in the US.
Also, it should be noted that the Xbox and Playstation sales figures came in,
and I apologize, I don't have it in front of me,
but it was around 700,000, 750,000 for the Xboxes,
and I want to say Sony was 700,000 when you combined both the Playstation 3 and the Vita,
which led a lot of people to say,
OMG, we use dead already.
We use dead already.
Xbox 360 is six-year-old consoles out selling the Wii U.
Wait a minute.
What is the internet forgetting, Loki?
They're forgetting that that's all that was available.
It sold out.
It's just they only made that many consoles available at the time.
You also have to figure if they sold any more of that,
well, actually the first week would have included Black Friday, I would assume.
So, you know, there's that kind of thrown there.
A lot of people are holding back their consoles until Black Friday.
But yes, there's not like Wii U sitting on the shelves.
Trust me, they're nowhere at all.
And how did the Xbox 360 sell in its first week?
I mean, those things were fucking diamonds to find when they originally came out.
Remember the Xbox 360 launch and how shitty it was?
Like, those things were really hard to find,
so I would bet their sales numbers were not so hot,
and a lot of that was because of supply and demand as well.
So, I think it's comparing apples to oranges a little bit.
Well, and also that's a little bit different, too,
because, you know, you're talking about a real generation jump there.
It's the first next-gen console.
Whereas the Wii U is kind of like, it's not really a next-gen console.
I mean, the graphics aren't like,
oh my god, this is like way different than what I'm seeing on the other consoles.
It's just...
It's Nintendo doing its thing.
Yeah.
So, it doesn't have the same impact, I guess.
So, yeah, you can't compare those sales numbers.
I would say look at it, you know,
how are the Wii U's selling six months from now?
That'll be telling.
Basically, it looks like this.
If all of a sudden, you know,
Wii's start getting a bunch in stock, like, right away,
then that's a problem, because then that means that they're sitting...
that there's no demand at the stores.
They are still showing up at the...
Speaking of Twitter, haha,
I just saw a picture of a bunch of them sitting at a Best Buy
that somebody took a picture of.
So, I mean, they are being replenished out there,
so don't think you won't have one for the holidays if you don't want one.
You can still find them.
Even if GameStop got rid of their call list or whatever the hell that was.
Don't go to GameStop.
Yeah, just don't go to GameStop.
Seriously, because I remember it was when I got the PSP.
I don't even know if you were with me or not.
I don't think you were.
But no, it was when I got the PSP,
I went to GameStop, and they're like,
oh, good luck finding one of those.
You'll never find a PSP.
Went to Best Buy.
They had a whole case of them sitting there.
So...
Yeah, I hate the attitude of a lot of people I've seen working there.
So if you didn't pre-order, you're never going to get that.
Yeah.
No, that's not true.
Try me, bitch.
Or the games.
I'm not going to get them on release day if I don't pre-order.
Amazon.com.
Pwned.
Like, be aware of what you're really competing with, people.
Anywhere else.
Moving on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we can move on to other news.
How about Steam's Greenlight?
There's a third batch of games being accepted.
And it actually looks a little bit like Primordia.
The other one is Walking Mars.
But Primordia is a post-apocalyptic sci-fi game
that Valve actually rejected after several indie titles were pulled in.
And then the other one was Walking Mars done by Tigerstyle.
It was an OS game and it made App of the Day back for Eurogamer.
Don't know if anyone remembers that.
I think I'm the only one here that follows Eurogamer.
I read a review of theirs today.
I couldn't understand why I didn't jive up with what the rest of the internet was saying.
But the now full games on the list is Black Space, DarkFoil and Holy Wars, Dawn of Fantasy,
Dragon's Lair, Eurotruck Simulator 2, Gear Up, Kinetic Void Space Adventure,
The Light, No Time to Explain, Primordia, Sangfroid, Tales of Werewolves, Starforge and Walking Mars.
So, pretty good.
Loki?
So the Ouya is making progress.
They announced that they're going to be able to start shipping consoles December 28th.
Now, it's not necessarily consoles to users,
but those are development kits that are going to be going out
for any developers that want to start making games for it.
And basically, I forget how much money you have to donate
or contribute for Kickstarter in order to get one of those.
It was a few hundred dollars.
But those people are going to be getting their consoles soon.
And it sounds like everything is going as planned.
And man, that thing is tiny.
It has a tiny console.
It's like a Rubik's Cube size.
So that's going to be pretty sweet when that comes out.
Still targeting March as a release.
And of course, right now they're saying that you can download the official development kit
if you haven't gotten your console yet and you can start working on stuff
and then they're going to be updating that stuff later on.
I think I want to say that every console is going to be coming with a dev kit
or some sort of way where you can make your own.
If they're so open, I don't see why they wouldn't all function as dev kits in a way.
I think they will. It's just these consoles are a little bit earlier.
But yeah, it's going to be interesting.
So it's really happening?
It's really happening.
Because when the whole Ouya thing first happened, there were a lot of people saying,
and I may or may not have said this myself, sure it'll happen.
If you put a story about how it's going to fail and stuff, it gets page hits
because people want to read up about...
They like watching car crashes.
So we'll see.
And let's be honest, it's not out yet to everybody.
But I wouldn't be surprised if it's delayed past March
because a lot of the Kickstars that I've been contributing to,
not a lot of them have been on time.
Like hell, the stuff I got from Freddie Wong and the whole VJHS stuff
arrived just a couple weeks ago versus the targeted date was March.
So that's a long delay.
But I have a little trust that they're going to actually deliver on stuff.
It's just not exactly in the timetable that they were talking about.
BlackWolf in our chat says,
I'll believe it when I see it. It still has a chance to fail.
The Mayans predicted its failure.
True point.
Some of the Kickstarters I've backed, I've only backed two.
But GamerCon, that has to happen on the weekend.
They say it's going to happen.
I know they booked the venue and it's moving forward.
So I don't see how that's not going to happen when they say it does.
That should be exciting.
And then the Shadowgate reboot was the other thing I Kickstarted.
So I'm excited to see what comes of that.
They send updates all the time.
I had to stop reading them.
They send too many damn updates.
They were up to update 29.
I think it's more than that.
The Shadowgate one.
Did you back that too?
Yeah, I did. I backed the first one.
It was, I don't even remember what updates they have now.
But I get updates from a lot of these.
I've got at least four or five right now that I'm waiting on.
Oh, here's another update. Let's see who this one is.
Oh, this is Ouya.
The same thing I just talked about.
The dead kids are shipping.
But yeah, they've got a bunch of updates.
In fact, there's this one.
I like, there's one I did.
I draw comics sketchbook and reference guide.
Because it looked awesome.
There you go.
Moving on to another news and rumor type of thing.
Yoshi's Land rumored for the Wii U.
And now Best Buy and Future Shop are apparently taking pre-orders for it.
This is after the whole Miiverse hack.
That's not really a hack, but everybody called it that.
Where the guy found the page, the mockup that Nintendo pulled and put the statement out on.
Apparently Best Buy even has a little description of the game for Yoshi's Land.
Quote, take Yoshi on an epic adventure to remember in Yoshi Land for Nintendo Wii U.
Check out Yoshi as you've never seen him before in glorious high definition.
Enjoy dual screen control thanks to the Wii U touch screen game pad.
Where you'll also be able to experience full integration with Nintendo's Miiverse service.
Well, that's a whole lot of nothing because anybody could guess that on the title alone.
But it's interesting that that exists.
I'll give you some tin foil hatness here if you want.
I believe Reggie has teased a couple times that maybe we don't really know everything that's going to be in the launch window.
Maybe there's something else.
This could be that something else.
And speaking of Twitter and promoted posts.
One of the posts that fell on my feed earlier this evening was from Spike TV saying,
Hey gamers, don't forget to watch the Spike Video Game Awards.
More first party exclusive reveals or whatever.
More big game reveals.
We saw Miyamoto come out on stage at the last Spike TV Awards to great reception.
Maybe, maybe, tin foil hat, Yoshi's Land to be revealed at Spike Gamer Awards.
Discuss.
I think it's just a bunch of bullshit that, you know, let's be honest here.
Of course you do.
Let's be honest, I mean, GameStop was taking, I'm still seeing if it's on here right now.
GameStop was taking pre-orders for like, what, Pilotwings for the Wii and like Mario Paint.
You know, I think they had Mario Paint for like the Wii U and stuff.
There's a whole bunch of TBA stuff that someone gets an idea that there might be something coming out.
And then they'll put a pre-order for it because guess what?
That's giving them your money.
They're taking a pre-order for a game and if it doesn't come out, hey, guess what?
We've got this credit that you paid for this game and now you can apply this to another game.
It's why companies love gift cards because there's so many people that never spend them.
Or just, you know, have remaining balances on them that they end up, you know, they throw the card away.
Oh, it's just a 50 cent balance, just throw it away.
Well, the company just made 50 cents off you.
Yeah.
You know, and if that happens a thousand times, it starts to become a little bit of money.
Tigerclaw has a thought that maybe the Spike VGAs will reveal Bungie's new game, which recently had leaked concept art.
That's another great thought, actually.
They've already said which games are getting reveals, or at least some of them.
Like The Last of Us, and I don't think it's necessarily revealed, but like a new gameplay thing.
And I'm trying to remember what else was on there. I think maybe Fuse? I don't know.
I watched the little trailer that they had with Samuel L. Jackson as a baby. That was weird.
Eh. I didn't watch any of it. I'm just gonna wait until five minutes after the show's over, and then everything shows up on YouTube.
That's all I need. I just want the YouTubes with the reveals.
Kind of like the year that Skyrim was announced. YouTube.
Do you think maybe a new Batman game will be announced?
God, I hope not.
It could be, but what are you talking about? Bite your tongue.
Arkham City was amazing. You know where you can put that thumb.
Alright, let's move on. Loki gave me a thumbs down.
You really hate Arkham City?
I don't hate it. I've never played it. But I just don't want to see another...
You don't know shit! Shut up!
I don't want to see another Batman game. I think it's stupid.
Oh my God. Oh, this conversation. I can't talk to you.
Why would you have another Batman game when they just released one last year?
I mean, seriously, what is it again? Batman Arkham State! Oh, the whole state is a prison now!
I think they had joked they were going to call it Arkham World, but that didn't...
Arkham World?
That didn't actually mean...
Hey, I have an idea. Let's get Snake Pliston in here. He'll fucking escape from New York.
Oh wait, but it's going to be Batman instead. But hey, whatever. We'll just rip it off. It'll be fun.
It doesn't actually mean world, dummy.
We're going to see how many more Batman villains we can shove in here.
Hey, is there any other obscure Batman villains that we haven't tackled yet?
You know, maybe we can just get Lex Luthor in there because we're running out of Batman villains.
Your opinion does not even count! You haven't even played the game!
You lose! Good day, sir!
I am totally enjoying this. I'm just sitting back going, mm-hmm.
He's an idiot! Tell him!
Rob thinks you're an idiot.
Cool. I don't care what Rob thinks.
Well, we care what you think.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us emails, you know, if you want to call low-key an idiot.
Mailbag at Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what? I'm such an idiot because I actually don't have the mailbag pulled up.
Dark Soccer, you're an idiot too! I'm surrounded by idiots!
I am not!
No, you're surrounded by assholes. It's different.
I'm going to go play Arkham City.
Hold on, I'm pulling it up.
It's just, I've been sort of doing some damage management of a severe nature.
Okay.
Sorry, I'm pulling up the email now.
Alright.
I want gossip, girl. You gotta tell me about this after the email bag.
TigerClawn.
I played Arkham Asylum at E3.
You know what game I hate? Earth Defense Force.
That's fine.
Oh, lord.
See, now you're just trolling.
It's for bros. Oh, I've never played it.
Now you're just trolling.
They see you trolling, they're hating.
Well, we only have one email.
Okay.
Hello, OLR. Another email from Belgium here.
Yay, Belgium!
Since Sony is doing so bad, I've been thinking lately, do you guys think Sony will have enough resources to launch a decent next-gen system?
It costs billions of dollars to develop and launch a new console and they don't have that kind of money.
I think they do.
Also, with their rating dropping, banks will be less eager to loan the money.
I believe Nintendo made the Wii technologically inferior because of money problems, or is this wrong?
You know what?
That's a damn good point.
I don't know.
It could be, the PlayStation 4 could end up being a bunch of smoke and mirrors, too.
It could be that, you know, this whole tech with the controller changing or whatever may be the big thing,
and it's not really that souped up of a system.
I kind of think the internet would crucify them if that happened.
Honestly, someone trying to separate their controller that they have right now.
I broke my controller, I split it in two, and it's not working like I saw in the picture.
I've said this before and I'll say it again.
I don't think Sony has to launch a new console next year.
Why not sell more PlayStation 3s by putting out amazing games?
You know, I realize a lot of people expect Sony to put out a console next year because of what Microsoft is doing, but...
I don't even know if Microsoft's putting out a console next year.
That's all, yeah, that's all...
Remember, we're just listening to analysts that are speaking out of their ass.
That's right.
Anal.
Also, I'll go ahead and read it.
Also, I'd like to ask if you guys would plug the volunteering I do for a local playground.
I posted a thread in an off-topic part of the forum called,
Can you please vote for us on a website?
And that's on our VOG forum, so you can look for it.
We have a chance to win, I guess it's 2,000 euros if we get the most votes.
As always, thanks a lot for making a new episode every week.
You rock.
P.S. if we win the contest, I'll send you a box of Belgian chocolates.
Ooh, deal.
Totally, as long as they're dark chocolate.
Go vote now.
I'm gonna share this with the chat room.
It is a playground, it's volunteer.
It's for a good cause.
We totally support this.
We like games of all sorts.
Including the ones you play outdoors.
So, good luck buddy, I hope you win.
And yes to the chocolate.
By the way, you'll love this idea.
Or maybe you won't, I don't know.
But, um, Sil from Girls Gone Wow.
I love Sil.
I love her too, she's so great.
But, uh, we were talking to each other on Facebook.
And we're gonna do a candy exchange.
Where she's gonna send me candy from the UK that you can't get here.
And I'm gonna send her stuff from the US that we all take for granted that you can't get over there.
I guess, like, Pop-Tarts?
You can't get in the UK?
Peanut butter.
Really?
Yeah.
Like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups?
Rob, they use Marmite.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Weird.
You know what?
Um, I did a candy exchange with, um, with, uh, Robert K.
And he sent me...
Now, sadly, I was allergic to the candy that he sent me because I can't eat gummies.
Don't.
But I sent...
I would've eaten it.
I brought it, remember?
The Jelly Babies and stuff?
That's right, you did.
Yeah, yeah.
But, um, I sent a bunch of these, um, Baskin-Robbins candies that were these hard candies flavored
like Baskin-Robbins ice creams.
Oh, yeah.
I remember those.
Those are good.
And he said he really liked them.
I also sent him cans of salsa.
Is that something you can't get over there?
I'm not sure you can get salsa.
Just, this was actually, like, the, uh, the, uh, what's, what's the Mexican, um, grocery
stores called?
Um, oh, God.
No, this was actually, like, authentic.
Yeah, down, down in L.A. you see them everywhere.
I can't remember the name of it.
Carson something?
Yeah, yeah.
Carcinogen.
Well, okay, what's funny is that Sil linked me to a website that, you know, I would never
look this shit up, but it's a store in the U.K. that sells American imported goods.
And it was just hilarious looking at the stuff they were advertising on the site, like Captain
Crunch.
I'm like, oh, I take that shit for granted that you can just get Captain Crunch at the
grocery store here.
And even speaking of, like, Mexico, you could get, cause how easy is it to get yarritos?
The soda, right?
Here it is.
I'd never saw one until I moved out here.
But especially, like, even at Target and stuff, you can get, like, the quote unquote Mexican
Coke.
It's very easy to get.
They have a whole little wall.
Well, I'll tell you what, you see it a lot during Passover because it's not made with
corn syrup.
Ah, very true.
And corn is considered not kosher for Passover.
But you see it all the time at Target.
Like, Target has their...
Or throwback.
Jones soda, I guess, is the thing, too, you can't get in the U.K.
Jones is so good.
It's even kind of hard to find here.
I wish we could get one of the Thanksgiving boxes and send it over because, you know,
like the gravy one is weird, but I hear that the cranberry sauce soda is actually really
delicious.
Here's the thing, though.
Cyl says she can't have it till February because she's on a lifestyle adjustment until February,
so she can't get the candy till then.
But little does she know, she didn't say how big the box had to be.
So I plan on spoiling her because I do really like Cyl.
She's great being a team player with a vog and everything, so she's going to have a lot
of candy coming her way.
How easy is it to get candy here?
Like I'll just go to Target the day after Christmas, get all that candy.
It'd be crazy.
All right.
Let's move on.
Enough candy talk.
That was it for emails, huh?
Just one email tonight?
Yeah.
Email mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to email us in a future episode.
Meanwhile, it's time for a segment we do every week here on the show, often imitated, never
duplicated.
Haha.
It's the FUs of the week.
Um, FUs to misunderstandings, um, and yeah, I'm doing, um, some damage control.
It's not a big thing, not really, um, it's just, yeah.
Anyway, um, and, uh, also, uh, FUs to, uh, the, what, three inches of water in my backseat
on the passenger side.
Um, there's a seal broken somewhere in my car and yeah, that almost cost me my laptop
once.
So yeah, that sucks.
Um, I guess FU to, I don't know, I don't know where, I'd rather take the, you know, the
week off and play some far cry three, but, uh, you know, job money, I don't open.
Black Wolf wanted us to clarify that what you're talking about has nothing to do with
fog.
Everything's happy-go-lucky above.
Um, as far as I know, um, let's see, my FU of the week goes to, um, sleeping so much.
Oh my God, you guys is disgusting how much I've slept over this weekend, but I feel great.
Uh, and FU to the weather.
It's been nonstop shitty for the past three days.
I'm thankful.
It's finally clear enough.
That makes me for a couple of days.
Shut up.
I don't like for a couple of days though, as long as it's not as bad as I don't mind
like the light rain and all this, but just the constant like shit after shit followed
by more shit.
And then the warning, it's going to flood shit everywhere.
I put up my Christmas lights to clean out my gutters.
They're released on the tree one night later, all the leaves fell every single one of them
into the gutters like, God damn it.
Why couldn't have been lazy longer?
All right.
Let's move on with a couple more news stories and then we'll open up the Skype line at one
eight seven seven game.
O L R.
All right.
So there was a, a new Kickstarter for this LA game space and what's kind of unique about
it.
Um, they're going to be creating some new games to kind of, I guess, go along with this.
And some of the games that they're getting created are actually by some pretty famous
people including, um, they've got the creator of Katamari Damacy.
Um, was it, uh, Keita or Keita, uh, Takahashi Keita Takahashi.
And also they had, uh, Adam Saltzman, who is the guy did a cannibal.
And they're going to be, um, I guess, creating a game for the people that back the project
also, um, to go along with that, they've got some more, um, games being coming or coming
out.
I guess there are going to be 30 new games from different, uh, indie developers are pretty
prominent including, um, stuff by, uh, was it the guy did Hotline Miami, uh, Steve Swink
of Scale.
And also, I guess, uh, the guy that did, uh, Unfinished Swan.
And they're going to get, uh, Pendleton Ward also, um, who did, uh, I guess, he's doing
a game with, um, Banette Foddy who did QWOP and CLOP, which I really need to go back and
play because, oh god, CLOP was awesome.
Uh, so yes, they're going to be, if you, um, and that, it's pretty awesome, if you pledge
$15 or more you get those 30 games.
So that's pretty awesome.
And $5 or more and you get that one game that's being done by, um, the two first guys I mentioned.
So definitely check it out.
They're probably going to hit their goal because they're looking for $250,000.
They have four days left to go and they're at $234,000, so.
I think they'll be okay.
I think they'll be alright.
Although, although there was another one I did see that they were looking for $50,000,
they missed it by $28.
Oh ho ho.
And if you don't make it, you get none of it.
You get none of it.
You can try again.
Ouch.
Yeah, that's true.
Alright, well, lastly tonight, before we go to the phones at 1-877-GAME-OLR and the Twitter
at twitter.com slash O-L-R, this is a bit of a visual.
I apologize guys, but you can Google this.
The cover of the final Nintendo Power has been released and it is awesomely nostalgic.
I think it's a perfect send off to the magazine.
It ends the way it began.
The final cover looks a lot like the first cover only instead of, you know, the very
first cover in Nintendo Power was Super Mario 2.
And so you have Wart in the background and you have like the vegetables cause that was
a big part of Mario 2.
The final cover of Nintendo Power is for New Super Mario Brothers U with Bowser in the
background and Goombas, but still just the very similar, you know, look.
You clearly get the reference here if you've been a fan of Nintendo Power.
Also what's very interesting when you put the two covers side by side, you really notice
that on that first cover of Nintendo Power, Mario's color palette was wrong.
It was reversed.
Yeah.
The blue overalls is right and the red shirt, but his hat, his hat's wrong.
So kind of interesting that that's all screwed up, but regardless, a great send off and even
like the same colors as a designer Dark Sakura doesn't make you happy.
Yeah, for the most part.
I mean, it's actually a lot better laid out.
It's more dynamic.
I'll say that.
But then again, the Nintendo Power logo, the new one also lends itself to a bit more dynamic
because of the differences in size.
I also just like, like even the little POW is the same, the little POW poster inside.
Poster inside is like the same.
I love it.
So it makes me sad to see Nintendo Power go.
But then again, if I was going to be that sad, I wouldn't have stopped reading it about
like 15 years ago.
Sorry not to be Debbie Downer, but that's the reason why the magazines are going out
of business.
So hopefully there'll be something else in the future, maybe a newsstand app on the iPhone
or something.
I don't know, but we'll see.
Anyhow, let's go to the phones.
One eight seven seven game O.L.R. or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Oh, act deft catches this in our chat room at live dot vog network dot com, pointing
out the last issue has Mario going to the pole, meaning the end.
I didn't even catch that.
It looked like the halfway point flagged me, but going to the pole because that's where
he's going to work from now on.
On the pole, the whole Mario is not going to the pole.
Whole new era.
Mario is not going to the pole.
Those games still sell like crazy.
I guarantee besides Nintendo Land is the top selling Wii U game right now.
Yeah, but what's what's the way you're going to expand your demographic into the stripper
market than getting, you know, strippers in your games?
Yes, because that's exactly what they need to get at Nintendo is strippers.
I think I need strippers now.
I think they should.
All right.
Again, the phones one eight seven seven game O.L.R. or a username on Skype is orange lounge
radio.
Before I get to the Twitter's, Loki, do you have any last minute?
Yeah, they have got some cool plug ins for Gary's mod.
It's coming out December six and it's basically a Kinect PC plug in.
You'll be able to do body capture using the Kinect.
You're going to need Kinect for Windows runtime version one point six.
But you're going to be able to do all sorts of funny stuff with Gary's mod with that.
All right.
Let's go to the phones.
We have a call coming in.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
He's like, oh, we see you tonight.
Yes, because I have a webcam now.
You sure do.
All right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
You know, I need to get a webcam.
Still need one.
I know you have a question the week so on the face of my Facebook news feed earlier
today and get a chance to answer it.
But there is one thing I am looking forward.
This holiday season is supposed to PS3 that my girlfriend is hinting at.
So I am.
In other words, a new system is probably on my way.
Lucky you.
Well, I mean, it makes it for the fact that I got her car stereo and the other Hanukkah
present that will be forthcoming.
You can't give it.
You never know.
She might be a listener of this program.
You don't want to give it all away.
Well, actually, she doesn't listen to this.
I mean, video games is only a small fraction of her life aside from taking care of wildlife
and watching anime and British dramas.
But yeah, now that I am going to presume that I am definitely getting a PS3 this holiday
season, I am just trying to see where to begin from there.
Because this is like the first time I am getting a new system since I got my 360.
Well, I was just about to ask you, if let's say you are right on your hunch and you do
end up getting a PlayStation 3, what do you think you are going to get?
I am probably going to get the games that I were hinting at, stuff like Gran Turismo
5, Metal Gear Solid 4, the Uncharted series, so pretty much all of the PS3 exclusives.
Because there is no way I am going to get any other multi-platform game that I would
otherwise get off PC.
I think this goes to the argument that if you compare both Microsoft and Sony in terms
of games that are more first party, it looks like if you compare them side by side aside
from Halo and Forza and Fable, you have a bit more first party titles on Sony's side
than you would in Microsoft.
Anything in between is just multi-platform.
Since it came up earlier, we were talking a lot about how Sony has a lot of great download
stuff on PSN that people are overlooking.
Do you have any interest in Journey or the Swann game or Unfinished Swann or any of that
stuff?
Yeah, I would have to.
I am definitely looking forward to it.
I am looking forward to Home in particular and seeing what that thing is about.
More importantly, I guess after I get the PS3, then I have to figure out which high
def TV I am looking for because I am putting it off, to be honest, trying to find something
that is really fast, that is under one frame of black.
For my rhythm and dancing games, I need something really fast and it can't be a fighting game.
I am really holding off until I find something, something that is tried and true that others
have used with certainty that I can easily buy in my local Best Buy that same day.
Most of the TVs now, as long as you are not buying a bargain basement TV, most of the
TVs now you are not going to have a problem with that.
The technology is much better now and you don't really have that same type of lag.
They know that people want HDTVs to play video games, so a lot of them advertise very low
lag.
Right, but that is contrary to what I am hearing in the Shoryuken forums on the big fighting
game community site.
In their tech talk section, they do have threads for sub one frame high def TVs.
Most of them are either available or they are just discontinued, but for the most part
it is monitors that are damn near lagless.
You have some comments in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Shining Force 3inator, hey that name is going to get you arrested, says, I put up a thread
on the vlog boards with some PS3, PSN recommendations.
Brad from Pod Culture is suggesting a Vizio.
Go Vizio, it is the best bang for your buck, not at Best Buy, Wally World or Costco.
I am not going to Wal-Mart.
I got mine at Costco.
I actually had a great experience at Costco, I can't complain.
I just need something that I can play 2DX on in an occasional fight game that is fast
that I don't have to offset for timing.
And then I would pick up a high FTV amount on my wall.
And then maybe someday Konami will put out, now that they have gone HD with 2DX, they
will actually put out all they have missed on like one Uber Playstation 3 game, at least
we can dream.
Sure.
Sure.
Right.
And that is the day when like pigs fly from the skyline.
Exactly.
That is the day when Rock Revolution 2 is announced.
Alright Zaku, I got to let you go to get more calls but thanks for the call and I hope
you do get the PS3.
Good luck.
Alright.
Alright, take care buddy.
Bye.
I like the video.
I want more people to call in with video even though it is a radio show, at least I am amused.
But please, for the love of God, make sure you are decent if you are going to call in
on video.
Alright, Loki, any other stories?
Microsoft Vancouver is now Black Tusk Studios and apparently they are working on the next
big franchise for the Xbox.
Oh, like something for the new Xbox maybe?
Just whatever the next big AAA franchise is going to be.
What could it be?
Going to the Twitters at Twitter.com slash OLR, Spazinator wants to know, what are the
odds of a Gangnam style parody with a Mass Effect theme?
Garris style anyone?
You mean that hasn't already been done?
That could easily be done.
It has been done.
Check out, there is this thing called Tumblr.
I was going to say, it is definitely possible now that they have the JibJab app or whatever
you can upload pictures of people.
So true story, the other day I was looking up YouTube videos and I found myself on Psy
and I was like, I wonder if his other music is any good and I was looking at one of his
other songs and I was like alright, that's kind of cool.
Passionate Goodbye is really good.
And then if you look on the right side at all the related videos, it was all of these
Psy videos, like Psy, Psy, Psy, Psy, Psy.
But then there was this one video towards the top, Hippopotamus takes a massive dump
at the zoo.
Guess which one I clicked?
And I was like, this is more interesting than the Psy video.
Alright.
Did you hear that Glee did Gangnam Style?
Oh God.
Do they actually speak Korean?
I don't know.
I'm sure it's terrible.
When I was discovering Adventure Time last night, after five seasons of not ever watching
any of it, I found that someone did an Adventure Time Gangnam Style.
Good Lord.
Really the one you should look up is the Gangnam Style crossed with Too Legit to Quit with
NC Hammer.
I'm not sure who's speaking Korean.
That just sounds wrong.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Haseo Sumuragawa.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm doing pretty well.
What's on your mind, Haseo Sumuragawa?
Well, I was putting my plate bid for the trophy course among the listeners.
Wait, wait.
You're putting in your bid for being a trophy whore among the listeners?
Just a small recommendation.
It's supremely cheap to, if you haven't played them yet, to pick up the God of War saga.
Then it's the three main games on disc and you get a download voucher for the PSP collection.
And I bet you can find that pretty cheap these days because that God of War collection
came out a couple years ago.
We actually have it too.
They recently re-released it as the God of War saga because it originally was the God
of War HD collection which was one and two and then that came out right in time for three
or round three and then they came out HD collection which was Change of Olympus and
Ghost of Sparta.
But with the God of War saga, you get all five games.
So you say you're the resident trophy whore.
What is your PlayStation level?
14.
That's pretty good.
I think I'm only at like seven or eight, but I don't, I mean, you know, do you play other
consoles or like just, are you like only Sony in your house?
Only Sony, but you know, I'm thinking about maybe picking up a 360 to check out, you know,
like the games I miss on 360 such as Halo and Gears of War because I hear good things.
You've been talking a little bit tonight about how a lot of people have been overlooking
some of the good stuff that Sony's doing.
Like it doesn't seem like a lot of people tend to care about Move and there's so much
good stuff on PlayStation Network that tends to go overlooked.
As somebody who's a bit of a Sony fan, what do you think people are missing by not giving
Sony more credit?
First of all, the first three games such as God of War, Infamous, and the entire series
are all really great series.
And I mean, even like the download games like Journey, as you mentioned earlier, and Flow
and Flower, they're truly great games.
And not to mention the PS3 has been getting a whole lot of the collections compared to
the 360.
I gotcha.
Yeah, it's true.
They put it, they put a lot of that good stuff, like all those collections out on disc.
It makes a good point to like a good starting point.
Like the Journey collection, you know, has Flower and Flow and all that would be a great
starting point for somebody.
Yes.
Plus, with that, I mean, if I remember correctly, because my friend bought it, it was $30 plus
you got a free month of PlayStation Plus and a whole bunch of player IDs and I think even
a theme.
Nice.
Very cool.
All right.
Well, before we let you go, is there anything else you want to share with us tonight?
No, the coin's revenge could have been better.
How so?
It was too short and they kind of ended it a different way than I was expecting.
All right.
Well, no giving away the ending.
All right.
Well, take care, buddy.
Thanks a lot for the call.
No problem.
All right.
Bye bye.
1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Somebody there is sticking up for the PlayStation 3 and giving some more recommendations there.
For the record, I have to say Meg C and Kristin say hi.
Hello and please ask when they're coming to California because we miss them.
Okay, I will.
There is a whole new generation of OLR listeners that have no idea who the OLR lesbians are
and they need to be introduced.
They need to return.
That's right.
Remind them the episode 500 is coming up.
All right.
1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
A couple of tweets from SSJ100Matt.
An idea ahead of its time from Sega.
Arcade Heroes takes a look back at the Sega Super Circuit from 1989.
It links us to a story from Arcade Heroes, which I'll get to in a minute after this call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Word, dog.
It's Jim Sally.
Holy crap.
Holy crap.
It's video.
Oh my God.
Jim Sally's on the video.
Are you in the bathroom?
It's just with him moving back and forth and all that.
Well, no.
That wall looks like tile, like bathroom.
Oh no.
It's, I see.
It did have a little bit of that vibe of the sitting on the toilet video.
Sitting on the toilet.
Oh my.
Dude, you're on a roof.
It's the Canadian skyline.
He's outdoors smoking.
That's what they do in Canada.
I don't know what I'm doing.
This could be anything.
Those might give you cancer.
All right.
No, it's organic.
Oh, it's a toothpick.
Oh, it's floss.
Clearly.
It's a toothpick.
It's a toothpick.
It's a toothpick.
It's a toothpick.
It's a toothpick.
It's a toothpick.
That's clearly, all right, so that means that he has wonderful, a dental hygiene or
something.
All right.
Jim Sally.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Not much, man.
It's a long time.
No C. I thought I'd call in say what's up.
So you make sure things.
Okay, I'm doing my, I'm doing my time to get here, man.
Look, I'm all dressed up for the occasion looking fly.
Thank you.
Thank you for wearing clothes.
When you call it to the show.
Cause I'm afraid.
One of these days I am disappointed at the, no, I'm kidding.
Stop.
I'm afraid that one.
Dude, look at those guns.
Jim, it's a radio show.
They're not going to be able to see your muscles.
That was just for you Rob.
He's invited us to the gun show.
You know what I'm saying?
Here's my fan boy hearts and eyes.
I wish we don't have a webcam in return.
I can't, we'll get one.
We're going to get a webcam.
I like to just hear your soft voice anyway, buddy.
The webcam is at my house.
Looks like I'm looking at you in the, in the studio right now.
Here's me.
I'm going to give you a kiss on the cheek.
This is great radio guys.
Great radio.
Smiley.
I am.
Okay.
Let's do radio.
Let's do radio.
Let's go.
Jim, what kind of games have you been into lately?
Oh man.
You guys talked about the golden accent too long ago.
The great golden X game on the Sega.
Oh, I do remember playing that game and being vicious with my friends.
We used to play only two players at a time you could have, but there was three of us.
So whoever died would have to hand the controller off to the guy sitting out.
And that was pretty much how we played the game the whole time.
There were a lot of punch buggies, man.
We used to freak out when those little trolls would come out and who got to kill the trolls.
We would usually kill each other and then never get to the second level.
That's a hilarious style of gaming I haven't seen since I was young.
But yeah, we used to do that too with like Mario brothers is that up you died, hand off
the controller.
That's right.
Someone else's turn.
I think that's from the arcade, right?
Because you die.
Someone else gets to put a quarter in.
That's true.
It's very true.
Good times of gold night.
You know, I was thinking back when dark soccer was talking about golden X and I was like,
you know, all things considered golden X actually wasn't very good, but when we were younger,
it was the shit.
And it was so much fun to play in the arcades and not to spoil a 20 year old game or whatever,
but the ending was great with all the characters actually jumping out of the arcade machine.
Remember that?
That was hilarious.
That was an awesome ending.
It was very-
So worth it.
Fourth wall.
Oh my God.
He has a hat that says Jim Sally.
It says, dude, I have a whole line of hats that say Jim Sally.
Here, check it out.
Is that like a clothing line we can check out on, on a cafe press?
You have to tell me what texture you're using because it looks kind of like Cooper, but
not really.
Um, I think that this was like jungle use or something.
I don't know.
I use different texts, whatever they have at the, I use lids.
You need to do a Helvetica one and make it look extra design.
This show is getting too nerdy for me.
Um, Rob just doesn't know typography.
I love though that we're getting a little glimpse of Canadian right there.
I hope you don't get, is that snow on the ground?
Dude, look at this.
I had to shovel this shit, man.
Oh my.
Just not too long ago.
Look.
Yeah dude, it got, it was, it was-
What's that white mythical stuff?
We're from California.
Like I'm like, Ooh, what is that?
No.
Rob, for the record, it does snow in Alabama.
And it does snow 45 minutes up the hill here in California because we are, we are like
two less than two hours away from Lake Tahoe.
So I can handle the cold though.
Look at what you get when you shovel the snow.
Look at those.
Look at those.
All right.
Jim, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for the call.
Don't be a stranger.
I'm glad to hear from you.
Listen, I'm glad to hear from you guys too.
And I just want to say that I'm an angel.
Look at this light shining in my face.
I'm coming down for Christmas time and I'm telling you be good to everybody you see because
I'm watching you and I got a big eye, you better look up, you better look up.
All right.
Before this turns into the Blair Witch Project.
This Jim Sali call is brought to you by toothpicks.
Who knows what's in them?
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Love you, Rob Roberts.
Love you, Loki.
Love you, JB.
I can tell my husband I kissed another man tonight.
I think video is going to have to be a requirement pretty soon as long as I'm not on it.
It's fine.
We can point the camera over here.
All right.
No, I think it was a toothpick.
It was something or it was weed.
I don't know.
All right.
I got more tweets.
Who cares?
Uh, let's see.
What am I looking at here?
Uh, yes.
This was the tweet that SSG100 Matt sent before that call.
There's a lot here, but it had to do with RC cars on a track and let me see if I can
open this.
Actually, let me open this on the, um, this is why I should not use my iPad to do Twitter
topics because then I don't have the YouTube hooked up to the stream.
The tubes of you.
I know, right?
Uh, crap.
No, it'll make a mess.
The joys of live radio.
I'm logging in right now to the right Twitter account cause I, I'm have like four different
Twitter accounts.
Let's go look at this.
I wanted to look at the YouTube that was attached to this.
Okay, here we go.
What is this?
This is Sega super circuit.
You used deluxe outrun cabinets that allowed players to control an RC car on a large track
that was set up next to the units and using cameras mounted to the cars.
You got a first person view of your vehicle.
That is the best thing ever.
That's pretty awesome.
You know, Dan would flip his shit for this.
This is 1989.
I hope my God, look at the video.
That is so adorable.
Dude.
That is completely flip his shit for this.
Oh my God.
That is so rad.
And it keeps breaking up when the car runs into the wall.
That is cool.
It's like you should link that to the listeners.
You really can become a miniature person.
I love that.
Rob, I found a haiku from a friend of mine on tumblr.
We're making Rama work overtime with the tumblr tonight, by the way.
All the links I've been talking about during the show, I'm making Rama put on the tumblr.
So check that out.
That is so cool.
This is actually how I feel about group projects.
So I'm going to read this haiku, Rob.
Okay.
I hate group projects.
Just let me do it myself.
Everyone else sucks.
Everyone else sucks.
Haikus are easy, but sometimes they don't make sense.
Haiku does not take an S to make it plural.
Monkey Island, a Maniac Mansion creator, Ron Gilbert, wants the game rights back, according
to another tweet from SSJ100Matt.
Makes sense.
I'm assuming this has to do with the whole Disney acquisition.
Quote, yeah, I wish I owned Monkey Island, a Maniac Mansion, you know.
It just seems to be a company that hoards IP, and that kind of worries me.
Doesn't think that he'll get those franchises back.
Good luck, buddy.
Hope you...
If they don't give them back to you, I hope it's because they're going to do something
with it, but I'm not going to hold my breath either.
Well guess what?
You know what I just did?
What's that?
I signed up for a Mojang account.
Uh oh.
I'm not buying the game.
Uh oh.
I'm preparing for somebody else to buy me the game.
You need to at least play the beta.
All right.
On the Tiger Claw tweets, hate using the classic controller on the Wii U?
Use the PlayStation 2s instead.
Apparently there's a conversion kit that's going to be going on sale in Japan that will
allow you to connect a DualShock to the Wii U.
You know, if you don't want to use the classic controller or what have you.
The kit's from Datel.
It'll cost about $25 or 1,980 yen.
It goes on sale December 8th.
No idea if this will be sold elsewhere.
That's so cool that you would spend more money on a conversion kit than the actual controller.
Six axis all the things.
All right.
Let's see.
And also from Tiger Claw, Miyamoto wonders, is story really necessary when gameplay will
do?
Well, just based on title alone, I haven't even looked at the story.
I think an ideal game has both, but Atari 2600 games, I guess, didn't really have a
lot of story.
Well, they did if you read the instruction manual.
Sometimes you had to to visualize that stuff, but let's see.
This is a link to a story from Gamasutra.
Again, I'm having to read this live because we just got linked to it on Twitter, but looking
at the quote here from Miyamoto.
With regard to the story, we did a survey over the Super Paper Mario game in Club Nintendo,
and not even 1% said the story was interesting.
A lot of people said that the flip move for switching between the 3D and the 2D dimensions
was fun.
Hmm.
Who's this?
Taro Kudo, the creator of scenario design on the game said, quote, I didn't think we
necessarily needed a lengthy story like in an RPG.
Instead, we looked at the characteristics of a portable game that can be played little
by little in small pieces and packed in lots of little episodes and ideas.
I always did like putting in little ideas, so I actually enjoyed it.
A good game doesn't need story, but you know, it's nice to have if the type of genre necessitates
it.
Like, you know, a football game might not necessarily need story, but could a story
make it more awesome?
That's what makes wrestling games awesome, because it's like soap operas for broly dudes.
And lastly, from Degenerate Johnny tonight, OLR, which is faster, running or rolling?
Well, if you're a monk in World of Warcraft, rolling will give you a temporary speed boost
if you spec the right talent for it.
Dark.
Depends if it's uphill or downhill.
That's a good question.
If it's a flat surface, I would think running is probably going to be a little faster.
But yes, if you're going downhill, rolling might actually be more advantageous.
And dangerous.
Consider your terrain.
Running and rolling.
That was a Street Fighter Alpha 3 ending.
All right, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
That's going to do it for the Twitter topics tonight.
Does that do it for Last Minute Stories as well?
Yes.
And that does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show.
We really appreciate your guys' support every single week.
Yeah, I know it's a little bit of a shorter show tonight, but you know what?
The last few have all been like three and a half hour epic episodes.
So you know, a short one as the news is winding down for the year, I don't think is too bad.
We are moving in, of course, to the year end in another year of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we couldn't have done it for the past coming up on 11 years without your support.
And you know, all we ask here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
Word of mouth is all we got, and it's worked out pretty well for us.
Before we pull the plug on the show, it's time to go around and get everybody's final
thoughts tonight.
I'll start.
Our final thought tonight is, Fog of World is a very interesting app on the iPhone, but
$5?
Have I just been spoiled by all the 99 cent stuff that's available on IOS?
I think $5 is a little much.
Dark Sakura, your final thought tonight?
I've decided that if I'm ever going to wear a watch again, it's going to be the Hello
Kitty Nuka watch.
Nuka makes awesome watches, just saying.
And lastly but not leastly, Loki.
I hope I get this stupid Mavarina plug-in working, because it's really frustrating me.
It's giving me a headache.
All right.
That does it for another episode here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back to do it all again next week.
And since we learned tonight that it is starting before the next show, happy Hanukkah to our
listeners out there who celebrate it.
Yep.
Happy Hanukkah.
There you go.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you next time on Orange.
Eat lots of latkes.
We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
Feed me gelt.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
See you next week.
See you next time.
