message for you sir! attention! do you wanna hear the most annoying fan in the world?
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, are any girls down there?
That's the biggest parry you've ever seen, Dingleberry.
What's your favorite security movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time when sprockets pay me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I know comfort.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect from Spanish exposure is gentle.
Hey!
Dark Sakura.
Shut up!
Where's my gun? This is my boomstick!
Skye.
Come on, girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki
I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of war human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
This is a microphone check and apparently the microphone is finally working.
think we had it plugged into the wrong place anyway sorry about the dead air
earlier so we're gonna do the intro again yay anyway we're live or something
like that so maybe I'm maybe I'm dead I don't know no I'm alive okay I'm alive
they said that was alive so I guess I am anyway it's December 29 2002 you're
listening to Orange Lounge radio this is a sort of episode 26 actually a two
Two-thirds of our little group is sort of not here.
Rob and Matt, sorry, Skye and Loki, they are currently in the car on the way back from
Southern California because they went and didn't bring me while I was working.
You know, kind of need to make money.
So they might have a little bit of a dedication during the FUs of the week.
I've got two special guests with me in the studio, I guess, today.
Let me go ahead and do a little introduction again.
We have with us in studio Jessica and Ross, also known as Iguana Girl and Islander.
So have them say a couple of words.
Yo-yo, Step Squad representing in this biz match.
I really can't come up with anything after that marvelous intro, so hello people.
What's going on?
That was stunning, beautiful, yay, wee.
Let's go ahead and give shouts out, okay, again, Step Squad, of course,
and hello to everybody in the chat room.
For anybody who is tuning in and has never even heard of our chat room,
what hole have you been living in, you can find our chat room at orangelounge.skie.cx,
so go there or we'll hunt you down and kick your ass because your information is
on the internet we can find anybody that way anyway um I had just got done
playing a song from a drum mania which was a miss you of sorry a bunch of
people probably know it from the English lyric version right on time but we're
gonna go and play a song from a dance mania bass 10 and the song that's going
to be in a DDR extreme called speed over Beethoven and some from Parappa let's go
old school so that's it for now
You can't touch this
My, my, my, my music
So hard, make me say it
Oh my boy, thank you
For blessing me
When I'm hard to write
I feel so good
When you don't put down
I do it so hard, boy
From the top down and I'm known
It's fashion and it's good
You can't touch
I told you, homeboy
You can't touch this
Yeah, that's how we livin' in the know
You can't touch this
Look at my eyes, man
You can't touch this
You know, let me brush this off the lyrics
Press your kicks and pants, you got it like that
Now you know you want to dance, so woo
Out of your seat and your side don't exist
Big box rolling, hold on
And let them know it's going on like that
Like that, hold on
Let them know that you're too much
And they can't touch
Yo, I told you, you can't touch this
Why you standing there, man?
You can't touch this
Yo, sound a bit smooth, little sucker
You can't touch this, give me a song
I'm making them wet, that's what I'm giving them now
They know you're rockin' out the game when you're talkin' bout a show that's tight
And tight, say you're about to go to a bath with my wife or a take
What's it gonna take when the night is too bright?
A little charge, a little tip, if you pass out, you might as well quit
That's word because you know
We can't touch this
We can't touch this
Here we go!
Now we can move back to the open frame
So-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so!
Yuh! Hammer time!
🎵
It's your life, make me cry I need your love, save my life
I need to find the game I'll just reread Listen to me grow
And I need, set you free It's your love, save your life
I need you, I'm not gettin' up, gettin' really weird Music on the finger line
Get out every week, listen to the song
When I'm lonely, set you free
You need my love, in your life
I need you by my side
Get out every week, you lose it cause I see your light
It's the night, let me cry
I need you by, in my life
I need you by my side
Get out every week, listen to the song
I'm gonna let them see you
I'm gonna make you feel free
I'm gonna make you feel free
Need some love
Need some love
In your mind, in your mind
I need you, I'm stuck in a jaggery
Kick!
On which it's all in the mind, if you wanna tempt me, I'll show you fine, and the things
I teach ya, is sure a big jump, but never the less, you'll get a lesson from teaching.
Now kick!
Kick!
On!
On!
On!
Jump!
Jump!
Block!
Block!
Once more now, kick!
Kick!
On!
On!
On!
Jump!
Jump!
Jump!
And block!
Kick, it's gonna be rocky
We gonna move down to the next little thing
Now jump!
Jump!
Turn!
Pull!
Jump!
Pull!
Jump!
And turn!
Turn!
I feel you're getting better!
Kick to the limit, in order to get a tunnel!
Kick!
Touch, chop, block, chop, block
Chop, kick, chop, kick
Punch, block, punch, block
Gonna get harder now, duck and jump
Duck, duck, turn and pull
Duck, turn, duck and turn
Duck, turn, duck and pull
Come on now, why don't you follow my work, because we're almost done
I'll make it easy and fast, I wanna see if you wanna see
What it means to be the man with the master plan
Are you the man now?
Here we go now, kick, punch, block
Kick, punch, block
Chop, kick, block
Chop, kick, block
Block, duck and kick it
Block, duck, kick
Block, duck, punch
Good job Barapar!
You can go home to the next stage now!
YAAHOO!
All right!
We are back from our little break and what you heard was...
Yes.
Bach.
No, not Bach, Beethoven.
What we had playing there is, to go ahead and clarify what I said, I said we were going
to play a song from Dance Mania Base, and then a song from DVR Extreme, which I actually
even said the name, it was Speed Over Beethoven, but the first one we played was You Can't
Touch This, so it was the bass mix from Dance Mania Base 10, and then the last one we heard
is Chop Chop Master Onions Rap.
The first level of rapper, yay.
Anyway, I'm sure that about everybody is familiar with DDR Extreme being released on Christmas
Day.
And we even said that we didn't think it would be, because who would have thought that it
would have been so important in Japan to release a game on a holiday that's basically just
a commercial holiday there, but apparently it was released.
And hopefully we'll be seeing that stateside, of course, whenever we get an update of what
locations have that, we'll be letting everyone know.
Unfortunately, there's no official update yet.
Anyway, but we've got some information on DDR Extreme, actually taken directly from
a Konami site.
You can find the information at www.konami.co.jp slash am slash ddr slash extreme.
The new songs that are going to be in DDR Extreme, we have Cartoon Heroes Speedy Mix,
I Do, I Do, I Do, Erasistabliment.
It's Erasistabliment.
Irresistible mint, what, okay, I, it's irresistible mint, kind of.
At least the group spelled their name right, you know, wild side.
Yeah, wild side, yeah.
Next we have, La Copa, The Cup of Life, oh, yeah, The Cup of Life, La Copa de la Vida.
Then we have Speed Over Beethoven, which I just played, Scenery to Speedy Mix, Genuom,
which should make JB very, very happy.
We are the champions, Factory Team Remix.
I'm hoping that they didn't redo Queen.
We are the champions, my friend.
And then we have We Will Rock You.
I guess they are going for a queen theme.
I didn't think they could.
And we keep on fighting to the end.
Anyway, you know, I thought that it
would be bad enough after that horrible version of Killer
Queen.
I mean, at least the music part was right,
but whoever they had singing that just
needed to be shot and fried or something i don't know
you know
no shot and then after bleeding to death at a Friday said that they believe
fast-to-deep right deep fried and so that you can like even like a twenty
yeah we did in the batter and then put powdered sugar on them when they're done
yeah i think that's in
there you go
i'm sorry i don't think that's good
phone record
anyway and another and thing we have we had nineteen eighty eight now he uh...
I don't know if anyone's seen it.
There actually has been a picture floating around of a,
there's a desktop available for people who have seen it
of the Mecca from Brilliant to You.
I actually know who happens to read my live journal.
You see a picture of that Mecca that was taken
from a background that was made for 1998.
And then we have Bag by Revenge, Graduation.
I'm not even going to bother to try reading the Hidagana
because right now i can't make my brain thing in japanese
but it's b for you so it's gotta suck
uh...
then we have hyper eurobeat and naki featuring ddr all-stars hey it's not
paula terry rejoice
then we have love shine um...
paranoia survivor
tears which is naki underground i've noticed naki underground stuff is a
little bit better than
the usual stuff
uh... the legend of max by zz trip machine survivor
more trip machine
uh... yay
uh... crash mister brian in the final band
what happened to the band before
i think they had
i think they were sacked
they were deep fried
they were deep fried like a twinkie and eaten by cannibals
just another great treat from orange land radio
they were taken to the island of eyeball eating cannibals like the one who
stole my animal crossings in a character's eyes.
But that was last week.
Um, we have, ah, sorry.
Paul Terry.
Mesa Comeback.
At least Memories isn't a bad song, and she sort of holds
the key there.
She usually doesn't.
Then we have Vanity Angel, which we've, uh, probably
played on here before.
If not, I'll see if I can sneak that in later.
AM3P303 bass mix, which we've all heard if we bought
economics.
Cutie Chaser morning mix.
And it's the good one. This is the one from Ohasta.
Do It Right.
We have a Do It Right harmonized two-step mix.
From the American Max.
Yes, from the American Max.
We have Drop The Bomb System SF mix.
Pretty cool that we got these songs before Japan did, don't you think?
Yeah, actually, that's really cool.
It's because we kick ass.
That's fucking right.
But then again, you know, they had everything first and we had to wait.
It's about time. It's about time we got something. It's kind of like the Bay Area versus Sacramento.
Yeah, we have Apestyle now, we're happy, and we have it on a nice
plasma screen.
Were the videos actually work? Yes, the videos work too.
I was rather enjoying looking at some of those videos, weren't you?
Oh yes, yes, the videos were quite enjoyable, except for
like Dancer. No one to Barbie. Yeah.
Anyways.
Back to the list.
We have Kind Lady, which was the bonus song in DDR Max for Japanese PS2.
Of course, it was one of the standard songs in DDR Max US.
We have So In Love, which is the other one.
We have, from 2DX, we have A, Colors for Extreme.
I guess that's probably a redone version just for DDR.
We have Happy Wedding, which makes me happy.
All of that song's balls can die for all I care.
What, Happy Wedding?
Yes.
Why?
letting me die happy
has a problem with that for a different reason uh...
let me actually pass off the mic for a second
going on with the list we have uh...
the more and i live but uh...
which uh... is actually a d r version of uh...
it's a a d r version of the two d x song that was on seven style
and then we have stoic extreme version currently they're doing a whole new
version again that's another 2dx song
there's V for extreme
uh... V
most people know what V is
uh... that's coming from 5th style
and I have no idea what that song is
I have no idea cause it's in the...
Go translate that for me Jamie
you know what we're going to do something here it's going to take us
just a minute to go ahead and act
no better fish something better
i'm sorry for whoever just dropped my bad
uh...
the
it
we love you anyway
we're going to a little fight called a
uh...
at nifty global gates and this is a really good little translation site
We're going to do this to translate all of that lovely kanji that, you know, I can't
read because I can only read five kanji.
No, I read about 40 kanji, maybe.
Anyway, back to, was this the one?
Yeah.
Okay, it's a Naoki song featuring Yuki and, by the way, Chat Room, I'm not really paying
attention because I sort of have to manage the show, my bad.
And that's incorrect.
But that's not a URL.
No, it's not a URL.
God damn.
Damn. Okay, this is lovely radio.
Okay, it means a blue impulse.
A blue impulse, it's better than, you know, like a white, creamy one.
Thank you, Nostellan, for announcing your bathroom break, by the way.
Anyway, back to the list, we have Destiny Lovers, we have Biokunita something.
anyway I'm gonna get you by Kelly Cosmo we have jet world which we like jet
world general to cool song we have another one that I'd recognize the first
kanji as being a three but we're gonna go ahead and run that through translator
as well cuz we have tortoise shell cat lock which tortoise shell cat lock this
That's what it translates to.
And then the group that does it is called Subtropical Muzzy Ska Bomb.
That's what it translates to, I don't make this up.
The next songs that we have on the list, we have from Mamba A Go Go, we have Gamelan
De Couple, I guess, La Bamba.
And then from Dance Main X, Jane Johnna, Kiss Kiss Kiss, Kiss Me All Night Long, Mobo Moga,
yay.
And of course it's Orange Lounge.
We have Stay from BeatMania, three, two, one, stars.
Everybody cheer.
Yay.
Yay.
We have Air.
We have B-Lovin', Feeling of Love, and Miracle Moon.
It's from BeatMania, so I'm not sure.
We have Miracle Moon, LED light style mix.
That's actually, if I remember correctly, that's the version that is the bonus track
on BeatMania 5th for the home version.
We have, uh, Love to, um, Something Gah, I can't read it, um, oh, let's see what that
is, it's Katakana, I should be able to read that, but right now I can't, um, Love to Sugar
by, uh, DJ Taka featuring Norio, White Lover, um, White Lovers, I'm sorry, we have, uh,
will
ten something
called sconji
uh... set on the
so it's called
uh... we have
god damn
mcconaughey
they don't like honky
the door of magic theme of space mako
uh...
we have frozen rain pink rose we have a money from pata pata
which paradise spelled with a c e let's put this up at uh...
at ingress dot com prepared ice
then we have the returning songs that better flight done dot it on captain
jack rondell el ritmo tropical i believe in miracles
get to know
i believe that i believe in miracles
uh... we have if you were here let's get down a little bit shouldn't please
katie g
t t
t t t
figures marching sky-high actually that sky-high is um... you know one
that's this is still a version which is actually the one that was from
from a group called uh...
cracking on the name of the group and it was a little discuss on back when
which i played in the end once
and we have synchronize love red monster hyper mix
uh... telephone operator club mix
uh... by shelly peter
uh... we have after never primeval after the game of love baby gate they did
big a big a big baby baby give me your love cutie chaser don't stop electro
tuned gentle stress AMD sexual mix a great music cyber which by the way is
not graduate stick thank you I was the one hey that was a TDX song jam jam
reggae we have keep on moving less scenery to virtual leading cyber love
this feeling make it better mr. T take me higher that's pretty cool we have
Remember you
SP trip machine jungle mix we have trip machine put it on eternal put your faith in me and think you better D
I'm not even gonna bother reading the old songs because if you've you know been living in a box
And you haven't seen anything that's on a you know
DDR max so
Enjoy your little box there anyway
We're posting this in the in the chat room for everybody to see and there you go. There's the link so uh
So, uh, what's new, uh, new outs in the Bemani world? Anybody wanna have a go?
Don't look at me.
I need to...
Talk about the tournament.
Oh, talk about the tournament. Okay, um, I guess there's a tournament and, um, it's the 11th of January. There's a tournament at Fremont. Was it Ardenwood?
Funtime Pizza.
It's Funtime Pizza in Fremont and if you're, you know, in the Bay Area or in
Sacramento area or anywhere in NorCal you probably know where it is. I believe
it's around, I believe it starts around 11 or noon. You can check out the details.
There's a thread on it on ddrfreak.com and you can get linked to the Killer
pals site which is who is putting this on.
So it's looking like it's going to have perfect attack and freestyle and then also freshness
freestyle which is basically something kind of from the shaft A-team freestyle type of
thing.
So it should be a good time on that.
I would imagine that your best bet though would be to get the information from the site
because I'm just remembering what I can remember off the top of my head but
Jamie is getting us set for our next break and she's trying to find some neat
stuff we're actually taking over taking over the airwaves because we've decided
that you know there's just not enough Korean stuff in this world seriously
there's just not enough good Korean stuff in this world so we're gonna force
you to sit there and suffer through some Korean stuff.
So we present to you, Korean Time.
Yes, it's big booty fun here on our results radio.
I'm going to play what I have immediately available, but you never know.
I might be playing, you know, even more bootylicious stuff here during one of our upcoming breaks.
So we're going to get a break to gather ourselves.
So the first thing you get is Tashani with Gungo, also known as Caution, and please don't
Caution drop in your chair because you could break it it would hurt a lot. So here goes
그나 고말 아치, 고리 식이, 고원는 거가지, 고했는 마다다, 나이나 고나다, 기신는 것아다, 오는 거말 아아아, 그말 baby won't we pass you by
They always got my back, I'm strange, I always ride by my side
Cause the partners in rhymes do millennium times
Chiku echigo darang hagidru na
Nisupulung wasogi chikin gongi tui chimulat
Sohun janak mat nurong man hana
Kashi kudang babumak chunsega kachi aniko ya
Yeah, you know who we be
Baby T and the T
In 99, primetime shot
Baby, here we go
Oh
I'm gonna take you out
We got a kick to rock, kick it, kick it pop
We take it back time, much love and give me right
Kick it alright girl, give it much time
If you're supposed to get locked down, we can shake it down
Gotta drop that
In the bowl with your name in the back
You can say what for?
Always by my side, kick it rock, let's ride
Yeah, that's right, but much love in the water
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Man, you know I can't choose what's wrong
그으안는 으미선이
모아고 만난 으가
일래겠 예나 모으모 받으
줘원, 이생이 다아네 아는 자라지 받아아
으만난 머이 예기있로 마리 오마어아
에생이 자시 아는 자자아
Grill bars, popularity It's not just your
show
ferret you want to buy
But since it's the last
Cause I hit the slow kick
So get up and let me keep it in place
So check it out
So tell me what you think
Are you ready?
Let's go do some rock music!
Can you hear the cheering?
Super performance!
Nice!
Perfect!
Nice!
Nice!
Nice!
Nice.
Perfect.
Nice.
Coz you're next.
Perfect!
Relax, babe, come on and jump
Relax, relax, relax, relax, relax
Come on and jump
Come on and jump
One max, I'm max, they be callin' me max They be in love with you, and old stormin' has one max
Call me max. I'm taking what it is. I'm giving what it takes. Max, Max, Max. I'm leaving the place with you and I love my X. I love you more than you each know. I don't know what I wanna do.
I gotta warn you, black lives matter, breathe your light
Gonna make your life a black smile, night
Take it, light the moon, light the lights, breathe it
I do not feel like a black star tonight
But you do and you're the light
I gotta warn you
I'm gonna get you, baby, baby
I'm gonna get you, baby
I'm gonna get you, baby
Hold on, let's go max, let me call me max
I love what you and I love the dance
Well I'm at your max, pull me back to uh
I'm in the front row having sex, I'm at your max, max, max
I'm in love with you and I love my act
I don't wanna make you feel the blue
I don't know what I'm gonna do
I've gotta warn you
Make the last night a pretty way
I'm gonna make you laugh like it's my night
Baby take it easy
Make the last night a pretty way
Well I'll be off the night, I'll be right there
You're cool and I'm trying to stay away
Stay away from me
Time for me to work
Don't hesitate anyway
Thanks
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to, and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me, and you just might realize the
the best things in life are free.
and also going to be in the extreme vanity angel
and then, just for the hell of it, Erotic with
Naxx don't have sex with your ex. So, that was it. We went ahead and did a little bit of
research on new releases in the Vemani world. We also have the release of
Papa Music 9
which I actually can't exactly find a date on but there
is some new stuff being incorporated into that game.
According to the official Konami Papa Music 9, there's a
a few new modes introduced. I actually just posted a link to that page in the chat, though.
Unless you're fluent in Japanese or have a good translation program, you won't be able
to really make any understanding of it. But one of the things that they mentioned in there
is called Osasume Mode, which is basically easy mode. You're given an option when you
start the game to say yes or no, and you can basically play the first level as bad as you
want to without failing, which is good for the newbies, I guess.
And then another neat thing, and they've actually got a few of the cards shown on the site,
memory cards for pop and music.
I guess it works similar to the ones in the initial deracing game in Derby Owners Club
for all the crack, sorry, horse addicts, I should say.
Like somebody in this room that I'm not looking directly at and pointing to, and another person.
But apparently you can save your settings or game data on the card.
I could read this in the really bad Engrish that my translator put it.
Well, just to give this a skim over, it basically says that you can save an expert course, the
one that you design yourself.
And it says that it is convenient and the game becomes pleasant further, even if it
takes right or wrong an entry card using playing.
What automatic registration will be made to the Internet ranking if it plays using a pop
and music nine entry card?
And.
Yes, I am reading.
I am reading directly from the page here.
Actually, it says, uh, hata, and.
Anyway, so, uh, there's some new options.
You know, wouldn't it be cool if they did that for DDR, or, you know, let you program
your own Oni courses at home and then bring your card in and play it on the
machine?
I mean what type of stuff would you pick?
Well I'm thinking it might be even better because we already have memory card slots
that we use regularly that we have to actually pay for ourselves.
It would just be this great technology out there right now with this type of card system
that they're just now starting to get into with Konami.
It's cheap, you just toss in a buck or whatever and it pays for the card and it saves everything
for you.
I mean, why the heck not use it?
Saves from having to have big huge expensive memory card slots, instead you just have a
card reader and that's it.
What they used to have though, back in the day, I don't know if anyone ever watched the
old game...
I think it was the Game Pro show they used to call on that had that guy hosting, anyway.
They had, when they were showing the Neo Geo system, way back when, the cartridge system,
which you see those big things, those are Neo Geo cartridges, they're huge.
They're basically the arcade game, and they had a card that you could take and put in
on the Neo Geo arcade system, come home and play the same game on your AES, and you could
start from where you left off in theory, but it's hard to find any of those that still
occasionally if you look at the... are you okay?
I'm sorry about the chair
I have a chair in here that's trying to systematically kill Ross
my bad
are you... are you...
he's straddling the chair
no this isn't liked by his girlfriend's suggestion
anyway um...
I was suggesting you know keep an eye open for those Neo Geo machines and you can see
this card slots on them but you know they could do that same thing it's like
you were saying if they're cheap if they brought out a new a home system that
incorporated those little cards you could save your data that way too yeah
JD Roth thank you that's who it was no he was he did fun house yeah yeah he
was jd watch it fun house no it was another guy who went on to do other
stuff but anyway um excuse me but no um you know this cards they've been using
them for a while it's just no one has made real use of them until you know
just recently with uh you know again no not in sex wars initial D JD Roth in sex
wars according to a vidpower anyway uh no we're not having mr. spanky's
masturbation party anyway uh no miss okay mr. spanky if I mentioned what mr.
spanky is mr. spanky comes on and gives sex tips on our show oh yeah he told us
how to have a masturbation party make sure you have plenty of latex that earned
to burp from Jessica yeah the neo2 also has an outlet that you can plug your
headphones in that that burp was brought to brought to us uh just for Travis from
Jessica as a token of her extreme belching anyway Oh heaven forbid that I
I make anybody think about anything, but back to the subject at hand, Konami is finally
incorporating this.
What if they start doing this for 2DX?
I don't see how any way there is right now for them to be able to do that with the PS2
unless they made a separate reader.
Then again, the GameCube technically uses those cards too because they have the e-card
reader that you use for Animal Crossing.
You buy the pack of e-cards, and you hook up your Game Boy Advance to your GameCube,
and inside of the little bank post office place, you go up to the e-reader and talk
to it, and you can slide the cards across, and they'll send you items.
So technically, the GameCube has a way to read those cards.
And if they could do it that way, there's no reason that Konami should be able to do
that.
for the Wonderswan and have the Wonderswan compatible with the PS2, that would make them
some money right there.
But it's a thought, think about it Konami, and then again like anyone in Konami is actually
listening to us right now, well let's go ahead and get on to everyone's favorite part of
the show, we'll get along to the Fuck You's of the Week, unfortunately I can't play any
happy music while we're doing this just because of how my mixer is, which is going to probably
So we're going to go to a little break right now.
So go ahead and send me a PM with what your, you know, suggestions for things that need
to be fucked are.
And remember, I'm not going to read anything unless it's over a private message, and go
ahead and you can email that to orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com, which is all up and ready for me to check on.
So, I'll tell you what. Even though, um, I can't, you know, play it while we're actually
doing the, uh, the Fuck You's of the Week, we're gonna pick songs for everyone's Fuck
You's of the Week, but because I'm special, I'm gonna go ahead and pick mine, because
I always use the same song every week. Um, we'll go ahead and get this started, and the
next song we're gonna pick is Jessica's song. It's a surprise, though. She gets a song,
then we'll have Ross's pick and then we'll come back so everybody starts sending me the
FUs of the week and if you don't send them I don't read them because I can't read something
that doesn't exist.
You can make it up.
You can make one up though.
Well I can make one up but anyway let's go ahead and get this started so send them now
Yes now now now now now now now now five minutes ago
This is the end of the video, thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
Die
Die
When you say it's true, say it's me, I love you
I just can't resist
Looking in the eyes, knowing you're not blind
I am a secret law
There is no one else who gives you a touch
I've come back to be with you
Can you please come back, baby?
Come back, baby
Remember all that I can do
When I go out into the night
Everything seems to go right
Oh, you're in my arms
Fill me with the truth
I can't stand on you now
Oh, forevermore
Diva Diva, can't stop the feeling
Baby, when we're making sweet dreams
Deep or deep, then we flew apart
A time that hits your heart
I die
In here
In here
In here
Ah
Taking on, then
Tell me once again
We will sail away
Even deeper emotions flowing like an arrow falling
Stay still, deeper, deeper, deeper
Running in your bones
Even deeper, deeper, deeper
Even deeper, deeper, deeper
My heart is turning with no tension
Making no moment
Even deeper, slowly, how I feel
I've never been to your home
I can't break into your heart
We will make it through the day
What we gotta do is build more momentum
If you need the right tools and best of pride
The way it's not countin' the rhythm of the market
It's just we got to get with it
We're made in the center of your almighty mind
We can do it now, you're not just mango power
Yeah, it's all ready to kick that ball
You can make me call to drop the ball
Yeah, yeah, drop the ball
To drop the ball
Let me see that ball
If you need a right to a plan, then to the right, the way to spend time, see the rhythm, the mark, the system, don't get with it
The way to consider it, all by your heart, if you do it now, you're less than time, don't follow
Yeah, the rage to take that fall, and it's up to you to make that call
I'm a
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
...
...
...
...
...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
Yes, this break was brought to you by The Swedish Chef.
of course that
tack with the fact that children
and do that make we played my uh... the music shlug work cuz this is fucked up
and then uh...
justice requested that
trace
the traces
yeah i was attacked attack
and then um... even the policy areas officially banned from orange and radio
until you know they're on the poetry
i love all three you girl
even though she can't hold hold it in the favor life
Go ahead, marry her, see if I care.
Why would anybody want to?
She's actually a, she looks anorexic and can't sing.
But we've gone off on Polteri before.
This is not the fuck you Polteri show.
No.
Good.
We also had the remix from DDR USA, Drop the Bomb.
We had Tack with QQQ, again, the psycho duck children.
Anyway, we are, you know, because for some reason I can't play music in the background
of my, of my show, yeah, while we're using the microphone because of the mixer on here.
Yeah, don't Mary Polteri, she's ugly.
Mary?
Any...
She's not very Mary.
Maple?
M-A-R-R-Y.
Yeah, she's unhappy.
unhappy because we hate her. Um, sorry. Um, anyway, but I can't really play the music
over, you know, with the microphone, so we get the silent fuck-yous of the week. They're
a moment of silence in honor of being angsty. Anyway, my, um, my fuck-yous of the week,
you know, I don't really feel very bad. I mean, true, the other host went to SoCal without
But that's okay, even though I had work and I was bored, it's okay.
I was just really, really alone, and I got peanuts for Christmas, which were nice peanuts,
they were quite tasty.
And I got lots of chocolate.
I got peanuts.
I got nuts too.
You got nuts?
I got nuts.
Were your nuts salty?
Actually, yeah.
Actually, they were fancy.
they're fancy yeah fancy nuts mm-hmm anyway um other than that you know
there's not really you know I'm pretty pretty happy I think oh oh fuck you to
the eight-star machine for breaking my nail but it's sort of a not really
because I got to play it and we have ours yes I have a I have had a cry but
But it was actually pretty nice to have that.
I'll also fuck you to cheese.
We went to Old Spaghetti Factory, and they put a lot of cheese on their food.
This is what I had.
I had garlic cheese bread with cheese.
I had butter on my bread.
I had cheese and spinach ravioli with Alfredo sauce covered in cheese, but mithril cheese,
by the way.
But first time I saw it, I read it as mithril cheese, made by the elves, who'd pawned their
own mother to have it themselves.
And then I had ice cream and the cream soda.
We were in the freeway going to Scandia when I realized that I really had to go to the
bathroom.
Fuck you to lactose intolerance.
Which then spawned fun parappa. Which then had us going into the parappa funky flow.
Anyway, let's uh, how about your FUs of the week?
I'm actually very
like normal this week so, um,
I have an FU from last week,
maybe I could do that one. F.U. to everybody
who waits until the last fucking minute to do their
their Christmas shopping because they make
people who are in retail's lives hell
not to mention, I have a resounding yay from downstairs
not to mention when poor people are working in phone centers
and having to deal with fucking FedEx to get the packages out
I have a massive f-you to FedEx for the fact that they completely and totally
understaffed themselves
for the entire holiday season. They're stupid asses.
Fuck them in their stupid asses, big piles of feces, TM.
And all that fun crap.
Um, and f-you to the coin slot on 8th style,
but it's not really a nephew because I love the machine and it's pretty and it's
five minutes from my house, so meh!
Um, Ross? No, none. You're boring.
I can't think of anything. No, I love everybody really you're full of shit
Just guess just ask maple. Isn't that right? Maple's full of shit, too
Whatever
We can have Jessica step on your toe. Yeah, then I could say I have an F you yeah
then you could say you're sleeping on the couch
do we have a moment of silence
in honor of that phrase
I think we've gotten most of the crap out of our system let's go ahead
I think you got props
anyway let's go ahead and
We actually have a new person in our chat room, but we'll go ahead and give a shout
to our new person in a minute.
Let's go ahead and read the FUs of the week from our lovely,
lovely and talented listeners.
First one we have Dark Tetsuya, FU to not having FUs.
That was eloquent.
Next we have DVR Angel.
My F.U. this week goes to DVRMax2Machine at Rohnert Park.
Scandia, again, we're not taking tokens and the people that work there that are too lazy
to fix it and say they're technicians that come in at 5pm need to fix it and not them.
Didn't I get that from RVGL?
That was my F.U. of the week last week, which I'm not even going to get into because they're
still pissing me off.
Next we have 23Rangas who says, big if you to my bed, or his bed, not my bed.
My bed's cool.
I have a California king.
Anyway, F you to his bed for causing great neck pain while still looking so fluffy and
squishy and super sleepy time-ish.
F you to learning pada-pada because damn I can't learn a pada while I'll glean the all-stars.
F you to met commander 2 for being too easy and a giant F you to a CD clock radio for
not wanting to read my Beeeemani CD out.
And that was it from him.
By the way, we now have people in here doing pada-pada in their chair, you know, just doing
uh... yesterday
now we're doing boom and fire
uh...
a new person ohayo bemani thank you by the way for coming into our chat room and
tuning in um...
i feed the people who hog new ddr machines and refuse to give others a try
who go out of their way just to see it god that's true
we didn't do that today
we waited our turn
even though
it was 2dx and i wanted to hug it and kiss it and love it and take it home and call it george
But, no. People need to wait in line, and, you know, have you noticed, is it just me, or have people just learned, you know, forgotten what a coin line is?
You know?
Mm-hmm. Oh, I know. Ugh, it's so nice.
Um, we have, uh, vidpower next. Um, F.U. to Free Time, because I need more of it. F.U. to Classical Speed for only being 30 minutes, because it's got such great songs, there needs to be more of it.
Classical speed was interesting.
Um, FU to not being able to pick out more happy hardcore CDs because I can't find any at the music store.
Oh, and FU to Rob's OL auto-schedule since it won't play the OL rewind on Thursday afternoons.
We'll have a talk about that one.
Thanks for, uh, for, actually go ahead and, uh, VidPower if you don't mind.
Send us an email on that one so that, uh, Rob will be sure to see it.
If I forget to tell him.
um...
next uh... we have uh... DSCS SoCal kicks um...
they uh... well that wasn't the nephew, my bad
uh...
let's go ahead and check the uh... email box for the
nephews of the week and by the way chat room if anyone has any more
please send me that p.m. uh...
darksacra
ssf
and uh...
let's see
I have a special F.U. of the Week from Sharks Girl.
Actually, it's an F.U. from her and Mel B.
It's for Jingle from Animal Crossing.
He is such a bitch to find.
And then you go and try to find a present for him.
And Mel's only got one present in the hour and a half he's
been trying.
Friggin' punk ass reindeer.
He gets a F.U. of the Week.
Mel says he wishes Grandma would run over Jingle.
So, that's from Sharkshkurl who, you know, both of them have been,
I guess, on the show before, a couple of times.
The other one we have is from a, OK, I'm going to be kind of dumb, Scott Kaplan.
OK. I mean, I'm not sure what nickname.
Anyway, so therefore, he says, fuck my friend and his dad
first DSL ruining the dial-up internet on the laptop for three days which was
over the period of the show time so I missed the show and life sucked and fuck
his posture cuz it sucks and birthday for being on a Monday and having to have
a party on Sunday night oh we're gonna get to another fuck you from Jessica and
missing the show so fuck that and one more fuck projects over break because
that destroys the whole break thing and they should just die yes teachers just
I just don't realize I need the time for relaxing stuff when projects make it sucky. Boo on teachers.
Yeah, boo. Boo hiss.
Jessica has another... fuck you? Let's go ahead and pass the mic back.
This is a mini FU for people
who try to schedule things on other people's birthdays. You know who?
The person I'm talking to knows this one.
And I love you, man. But that sucked.
Anyways, I'm trying to fix it, and I guess you'll be invited when it gets taken care of, but, um, yeah, there you go.
That would just suck having an important event scheduled on your birthday, wouldn't it?
Yes.
Yeah, that person just needs to be ashamed.
That person needs all of his balls to die.
I don't know if you heard that person, but apparently all your balls need to die
But you're still you're still loved you're still loved
Whoever you are oh
We have another F you the week from black web
Fuck headaches slept too long under the influence of painkillers and
Fuck his girlfriend's little cousin for trying to kill him last night
You know someone tried to kill me I'd want to say fuck you to them too and fuck oyster. I hate it
it makes me sick
nice engrish there
uh... i had yet
it makes me sick
let's hear it for engrish
let's loving engrish
yay
uh...
and we have uh... an F.U. from uh... maple F.U. to his brother who wants the
computer while he's trying to listen to OLive yeah
these things are more important
like having F.U.s written to you
and uh...
clinton
dad got a nephew of the week
my man is
my man does not have a nephew of the week as we're doing these at my house in
my
uh...
my fiance is uh... downstairs apparently at playing animal crossing
which is our our crack in this house
so uh...
you know what i can't think of anything to say right now
i'm being honest with you also i'm gonna go to break
because i have to be
we want a special song
i'll tell you what we're going to go ahead and uh...
play a song for everybody listening um...
which and i'm going to apologize because this is uh...
off the cd so if it doesn't there may be a moment of silence while trying to get
it to actually work
so i apologize if that ends up being the case um...
what i'm going to play is a song that has been heard in
actually the home version of uh... beatmania 2dx that's uh...
it's no six dot one thing it's not
but it's been in a seven style and uh... eight style uh...
should play the remix of just the regular long play the remix that's
this is the remix version of uh...
beautiful days and uh... it may take me a moment to get this uh... up and running
but
you know be patient with us
and thank you for doing so
Looking back when I was a child and me Grossing my charity would come to me
Having free things made me free and free away
Looking back when I was a child and dreamed
More than a journey would call to me
Everything that would set me free
And fly away to everywhere
I can get at them
I can get at them
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful day
After all I've come to be alone
You are feeling down from me
Is this what I need?
Not if it takes anything to find a way to end
I'm good by anything
I'm good on running around
I'm always giving up
Even when I'm looking back when I wasn't trying to win
You're so much better if you come to me
Don't lose the things that make me feel right away
When you walk away, you don't hear me say, Please, oh baby, don't go simple and sweet
There's no way that you're making me feel tonight
It's hard to let it go
You're giving me
Too many things
Lately
You're all I need
Oh, you smiled at me and said
Don't get me wrong, I love you
But does that mean I have to meet your father?
When we are older, you'll understand what I meant
When I said no, I don't think life is quite that simple
You walk away, you don't hear me say
Please, oh baby, don't go
Simple and clean is the way that you're making me feel tonight
It's hard to let go
So simple and clean
The daily things like this that keep us all busy are confusing me
That's when you came to me and said
I wish I could prove I love you but does that mean I have to walk
When we are older, you'll understand It's enough when I say so
And maybe some things are that simple When you walk away, you don't hear me say
Say, please, oh baby, don't go simple and clean
And the way that you're making me feel tonight
It's hard to let it go
Hold me, whatever I feel this morning
It is a little later on
Regardless of warning, the future doesn't scare me at all
Nothing's like before
You walk away, you don't hear me say
Please, oh baby
Don't go simple and clean
It's the way that you're making me feel tonight
It's hard to let it go
Hold me
Whatever life feels this morning
It is a little bit wrong
Regardless of warning
The future doesn't scare me at all
Nothing can keep or hold me
Whatever I feel this morning
Is a little later on
Regardless of warning
The future doesn't scare me at all
Nothing could be more
Oh yeah
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio
BECAUSE BONGO DEMANDS IT
Japanese one. We have a belated Fuck You of the Week from No Stylin' and we have
Jessica falling over in the other chair, waving her hands and going,
Help! And Ross is rescuing her. Anyway, we have this belated Fuck You of the
Week to Homestead for their crappy web servicing, et cetera, dot, dot, dot. And
that is a direct quote
so uh...
we actually have some discussion about some older games uh... in here we have
uh...
discussion about marble madness 2
uh...
i was not even... do you have hiccups?
okay
somebody needs to scare Jessica, let's play some more Politary
are you okay?
are you okay? okay
I couldn't tell if you were in pain or laughing.
And hiccup, and then I burp, and then I hiccup, and then I burp, and then I hiccup and I burp.
We have hiccuping and burping.
It looks like we actually have some discussion going on about old school games in here.
Of course, 23rd Omega says, telling us about the Guardian Legend, of course, which is my
favorite nintendo game ever
we had votes for marble madness
maybe we'll maybe we'll do two lists tonight we actually had an idea for one
but maybe we'll do two
so we'll uh... why don't we actually let's go ahead and start our first one
why don't we
as soon as jessica stops hiccuping
okay baby this will scare you
vanilla ice
it didn't work on me though
are you burping still?
hey chat room, suggest a sub
duck hunt
uh...
okay so uh... what's scary enough
to give uh... to get rid of jessica's hiccups
what would be scary enough
to get rid of Jessica's hiccups
that would be scary enough to kill people
uh...
okay think back to uh... the MIGGLE 2 tournament
think about to where we put Brad in your trunk
we put Brad in your trunk on the way to uh... Lions
well isn't that scary
cause he flashed his
pale skin to the world
uh...
are you still hiccuping?
chat room
uh... no the clique of vision is not scary, paula terry prawn eww
that's disturbing
wow
no she would be the dildo
she's that dildo
See, I've never seen a picture of her, so I don't know.
She's ugly.
She's very ugly.
The 250 BPM Satan fetus is pretty scary.
I would not play that song for ages
because of the Satan fetus.
That's how I forged you.
Foam bat porn.
Blink, blink, dot, dot, dot.
It's not foam bats.
It's plastic bats.
Plastic bat.
Get it right.
It's plastic, and it's orange, and it's
been signed by practically everybody now.
I think my hiccups went away.
her hiccups went away! Yay!
AHH!
Leave it to Travis for, you know, the worst one.
Travis did come up with the worst one
and I got a random
message from...
Some idiot.
Yeah, some idiot.
So, um...
well, why don't we go ahead and try to do a list?
You know?
A true Ike seem to be playing like...
Just ignore the person.
tens and tens and tens and tens of music the whole time
uh...
i'm having an issue right now with the uh... chair himself and let me go ahead
and play a couple more songs that
until they get the settled so uh...
let's play some stuff from uh...
just at radio here's guitar vader with super brothers
He's already out of time in the jungle
Having fun and loving fun and making me
Who are you?
What's your name?
Super brother
Come and call the electric beach
It's super fun
What's your simple Russian term?
You like mushrooms
It's a baby, I'm the child of a girl, like a mother, like a child of a baby
Who are you? What's your name? Super Brother
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Super brother
Super Brother, Super Brother, Super Brother Z
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
So life is a mess, you mean, it's in my body.
Once you've sacrificed himself, you're like a mushroom.
It's a play.
OK, crisis averted for the time being, right?
Anyway, yeah, that song is actually from the first
Just That Radio.
That was Superbrothers, which the soundtrack for that game
was very interesting. When they brought it out for the US, though, they were supposed
to have added some more tracks to that, but it was a pretty cool game. Anyway, we're going
to go ahead. We're not going to be doing the song battle this week because, of course,
my other two hosts aren't here to put in their contributions, so we're going to go ahead
and leave the playlist the way it is this week, but next week we actually should have
the song battle
and because many voted for night writer hello
then um... i'm gonna pick a new song so you have to vote for because anything
that i think of course is going to be instantly cool
for the night writer so i think it's a nice remix of the night writer theme
and nobody and like
two people voted for it you're already it's but it lasted for two it was
actually through three weeks
so he'd like to face for a while
yeah and thanks to a director ceo of that if it's not on the music in a
in a
just radio
anyway i am
we're gonna go ahead and i'd go into one of our uh... favorite segments which is
uh... the uh... listless
we're actually at we meet we are probably going to do two of them today
because uh...
we're not having the battle of songs and hey don't you all love it
so this one is going to be uh...
well no
should we do best old school game maybe best eighties t.v. show perhaps
how about best sitcom or toon
what would you suggest
sitcom
because toon is going to be too hard
best eighties sitcom
so uh...
i don't know how many of you are actually going to be old enough to get it
but um...
you know think back
you'd be all that for propel
but i was not an eighty-six com
uh... mister let's hear you back again
uh...
how that
you actually some kind of evil when you
uh...
actually have a suggestion for best eighties movie
uh... it's pretty broad
what you have to bring down like that again played best eighties comedy because
there's only
there's only three of us here
so maybe we should we'll pick for each
so maybe we could do it that way
live-action
non-animated
eighties movie
i know that movie does rule but
we're going to go for
live-action
and no we're not voting for porn because if we were voting for porn i'd vote for uh...
the final fuck ten
Final Fuck X
all about beaver and butt face
well then again there's a
there was that boneheads one
that I saw in college. Edward Scissor Penis
No it's Penis Hands!
see now our ratings are going to go up because we're talking about porn. See look. You realize it's
extremely sad that I know more about porn than my boyfriend does
owned
whatever I have in my possession
trace the lord's first video, hello
and that has what basis oh yeah she was underage
yeah yeah child porn
you can't tell it was the eighties she looked old enough but big hair and fake boobs
was that the same excuse that you used for a...
I'm not even gonna ask
anyway um
we're gonna vote for four piece so
Okay, guess what? I'm going to play more music because I can't think of anything else to talk about, so we're going to go ahead, we did actually have some requests for more Parappa music, so I'm going to go ahead and play the final song for Parappa the Rapper 2, we're going to go ahead and throw in some more Jet Set Radio stuff.
Let's see what else we're gonna play.
We'll play Sweet Soul Brother from Jet Start Radio.
Um...
Why don't we go ahead...
Just for the Animal Crossing fans, we're gonna play DJ KK, because I said so.
And, uh...
You know, this is...
We'll go ahead and play, uh...
the Simple and Clean Planet Bee remake, so we'll, uh...
We'll go ahead and throw that on, and, uh...
Who knows, maybe you'll even, uh...
get something uh... funny thrown in just for you know the hell of it because
i can
so uh... stick around make sure that you uh...
keep your uh...
your eyes open because we're gonna go ahead and be uh... voting for our songs
then we'll go ahead and uh...
let you know what we're up to
Yo, everybody, just check out the way I live, everybody
Yo, yo, everybody, John is the best and Paul hates the hardest
Uh-oh, uh-oh, here comes the dude, and now he's running up and down the street with the dude
It's as funny as my life, he's like a knight, I can't tell which way he's turned till I fight
Whatever battle he's in, he just gets up and begins, they didn't go back before the man
But I would do it like that, because I want it like that, no other justice is the fact
You gotta do what?
I gotta redeem
Sure about that
I gotta believe
You gotta do what?
I gotta receive
For most important, I gotta believe
What should I go and do
When they come
I gotta redeem
What you're gonna do
When they come
I gotta believe
What you're gonna do
When they come
I gotta redeem
You gotta do what?
You gotta do what?
I gotta believe
To the E, to the R, to the O
And pick up your hero, oh, here we go
To the H, to the R, to the A
We'll check for the name, I bet every day
Now it's time for the rough act night
And let's all call up the night
Waking up was the name of the day
For me, you, you, you, and you
What's his name? He grew up in the sound
Check this out, come on, and bring it down
Keep on top, I got some bumpy dough
And I add the flow into the bone
You got it to the rock?
When they come, when they come, what you gonna do?
When they come, I gotta believe.
What you gonna do, when they come, I gotta give you one.
You got that right, you got your one, whoo.
So back to the ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
She's a sweet soul, Love that sources
One
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Sweet so friendly, sweet so sweet
Sweet so friendly, sweet sweet sweet
Sweet so friendly, sweet so sweet
Sweet so friendly, sweet sweet sweet
Sweet sweet so friendly, sweet so sweet
Sweet so friendly, sweet sweet sweet
Sweet sweet so friendly, sweet so sweet
Sweet sweet so friendly, sweet sweet sweet
Hey!
Beagle
Me
Go
Beagle
Me
Go
Well done!
Hey!
Hey!
He's a sweet soul brother
Oh
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
And so I hope we all have our answers ready for our list list.
And Dan has decided to participate in this.
Because there's only four of us, usually we do this with six or more, we're going to,
we all picked four songs, but we're still going to vote only for the top three.
And I have repeated one of my movies on here, damn it, I'm dumb.
We're choosing movies.
Okay, well, I'm going to go ahead and do what I originally have on here, so we're going
to go ahead and start with me, because we can.
Or, I don't know, let's go ahead and start with Jessica.
What's your number four movie?
Number four.
We have Weird Science.
Why do you go and tell someone like that?
Number three?
No, why do you like weird science?
Oh, Weird Science?
um well what what other movie can you see two guys like running around with
bras on their heads and
it seems completely normal ish and number three
we okay
passing after us number
number four on my list was a Christmas story
well it's seasonal it's still funny to this day and I don't you'll shoot your
eye out
My number four was Aliens, because that movie is hard like The Rock.
Okay, my number four is Adventures in Babysitting, because of the part where they are singing.
and Thor. Hey! Adventures in Babysitting was a good movie. So let's go ahead and go to
number three. Number three for me would be Clue because you know you got three
different endings you never know which one you're gonna do so here's Ross.
Very nice. My number three movie is Revenge of the Nerds. Why? Because I can
consider myself one and hey, any movie with boobies is a winner in my book.
My number three movie is The Karate Kid because it's the only cool thing that
Ralph Macchio ever did. Too true. My number three is Legend because it has a
a young Tom Cruise in chain mail. No, not in chain mail, in his outfit. And plus Tim
Curry's a pimp. Okay, number two? Number two, for me, is the one that everybody's
been asking about, Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Because, you know, when Cameron was in Egypt
stand let my Cameron go my number two was fast times at Ridgemont High yes
Phoebe hates mmm my number two was the never-ending story because that movie
was like cool yeah I know that my favorite is going to get voted off but I
don't care it's vanadu what other movie can you get leg warmers and roller
skates with one of the the Bee Gees well he looked like he belonged to the Bee
Gees anyway and Don Bluth animation on top of it and no not roller babies that
would be I actually like that movie and I admit that it's bad but um vanadu was
just like really cool plus it had Olivia Newton John in it and electric light
orchestra music anyway what do you mean they're all positive anyway um what's
your number you know I get well that's my number two then cuz I actually like
the other movie better okay number one this is my personal number one because
I'm a sap and you know like John Hughes movies are like this the pimp shit and
all that pretty in pink because you how can you not love John Cryer as ducky he
is just too cute oh my number one movie was another movie with Molly Ringwald in
it that would be Breakfast Club classic classic movie about nothing but
Saturday morning detention and Jed Nelson was hot my number one movie is
back to the future because that DeLorean kicks ass Christopher Lloyd is awesome
and Michael J Fox was even kind of cool at the time plus I've watched it like
seven times in the last three days yeah and here's my other fuck you of the week
to mystique for buying that for Dan because I've had nothing but back to the
you to play on the tv
no bad kidding
and my number one
yeah the musical school to my number one
elaborate
because
it has
david boy
uh...
no dandlewood
uh...
no silent has pointed out something
we had nobody named Superman
it was a 70's movie 1978
although the second one was 80
the second one was like 80
the second one had Zod
but it wasn't as cool as the first
when I was a kid Superman 2 looked awesome
when I watched it later on I was like that's the worst looking set I've ever seen
Yeah, and then Superman III went all to hell because of a proprietor.
All right, so, um, chat room, we are going to, uh, offer you a little bit mo- we're gonna
offer you five minutes to vote for your song, so, uh, go ahead and, uh, start sending me,
uh, sending me your votes as soon as the music starts, so, uh, I actually, you know what,
I apologize, I'm totally, like, not thinking today.
need to vote songs off of the list so let's go back to the list not song
movies um you know what I have to go to work tomorrow and I don't want to anyway
and so Jessica you get to vote for song off movie hmm I am going to vote off I
think I'm gonna vote off Xanadu just because I have issues against you know
You know, like, like, disco queens and shit.
Roller skates suck.
I'm gonna have to go knock off Adventures in Babysitting.
That, uh, I don't know about that one.
Poor Jamie Scott Silver is gone already.
Huh.
Pretty in Pink's gotta go.
Aw.
Goodbye.
And I'm left with pretty difficult decisions, dammit.
I'm gonna have to say, sorry Ross, Revenge of the Nerds has to go.
I wasn't too fond of that movie.
Alright so, um, we have our songs, we're gonna vote for the, uh, song, uh, crap, movies,
moo-vies.
We're going to vote for the, uh, top, uh, three movies.
And I'm posting them to the chatroom.
you go. What we have on our list is Weird Science, A Christmas Story, Aliens, Clue,
The Karate Kid, Legend, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Never
Ending Story, The Breakfast Club, Back to the Future, and Labyrinth. Black Lab, I'm
going to kick you. I know where you, well I don't know where you live. Anyway, go ahead
and start the voting now. We're going to, you know, whichever one of those was the best
movie of the 80's, so we're going to go ahead and get started with a song. You have five
minutes to send in your votes and if I feel nice you might get a little bit more time.
But I don't normally feel nice, so go ahead.
It's the beat of my heart, what you feel deep inside
And it means you better stay behind
Find out
It's the dance of your soul
That you tried to repeat
Never end in your heart's emotions
Feel it, feel it, baby
Feel the fire
It's like it's deep inside me
There's no reason
Honey, listen to
Don't listen to you
Get to the heart beat
Woah, oh
You better take your chances right now
Get to the heart beat
Let it go, use the power, let it go, let it go
Dance to the heartbeat, woah
You better take your chances right now
Dance to the heartbeat and let it roll
Use your power like your body's gold
It's the sound of your heart that you hear deep inside
And it makes you better change your plans right now
It's the whisper of life that you try to believe
Never give up without defending
Really feel it, baby
Feel the fire, it's running deep inside me
Listen, listen, honey, listen to
The music to you
Dance to the heart beat
Whoa-oh-oh
You better take your chances right now
Dance to the heart beat
And let it go
It's the power that ain't nobody's home
Dance to the heart beat
Heartbeat, woah, you better take your chances right now
Get to that heartbeat, and let it go
Use the power that is your mighty flow
It's the beat of my heart, what you're building inside
And it means you better stay behind my back
It's the sense of your soul that you tried to relieve
Never unchain your heart emotions
Feel it, feel it, baby
Feel the fire and the sun is deep inside me
Listen, listen, honey
Listen to the baby do you
Get to the heartbeat
Let's do the heartbeat Let's do the heartbeat
Oh
You just have lots of dirty poor things Because I'm scared to love them
But I want to, I want to, I want to Even if you love someone else
I don't care if you don't know why
The clear side is slow
But I want you to know why
I'll wipe my tears of you
Gari-Gari, is that a gangster to you?
I don't know why, it's all for you
Gari-Gari, is that a monster to me?
If you call me a hater, I'll be there for you
anyway oh we uh we have a winner and the winner wins but what is the winner win
the winner wins the distinction of being cool so let's have a general please for
number three yeah number three is clue to another a very good Tim Curry movie
Yes.
One of the...
Madeline Kahn is awesome.
And it had Madeline Kahn.
Flames on the sides of my face, heaving, heaving breaths.
Yes.
Well, actually, that was in...
That line was in our old intro.
It was a raw influence.
Enough said.
Yeah.
Enough.
Our number two was Back to the Future by Last Minute Vote, and Dan feels rather thrilled
The number one by a resounding number of votes, Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
You know, there were a lot of movies that didn't get, Raiders of the Lost Ark was mentioned.
Superman was the 70s.
There were, but we, I'd say Ferris Bueller's Day Off though, had to have been like one
of the top movies of the 80s.
You know, it would be cool if they would put more 80s songs though in DDR and Beatmania.
You know, we got the reflex.
That was pretty neat.
It would be cool if you had a crop load of songs that have been covered.
Here, take this out of here.
Well, like I said, you have a bunch of songs that have been covered.
I mean, like Xanadu, like have we never been mellows.
Yeah, but covers aren't nearly close to the same thing.
True, but they're there, kind of.
I mean, look at Smoke.
the 1973 Deep Purple song.
Right.
I shot the sheriff.
Yeah, I heard that on the radio. Just hear the name.
Wasn't Boom Boom Dollar an 80's tune?
Maybe, you know, an 80's tune in Japan or something.
Mighty Fine and Dollar.
Yeah. Mighty Fine and Dollar.
Yeah, I wish that there would be more 80's stuff just if only to infuse
youngins with good oh boy um goodness gosh well let's see there's there's
others 80s and 70s stuff like all the Casey and the Sunshine Band stuff 70s
okay disco yeah this goes cool on all but I mean you're comparing apples and
oranges you're talking about you know like miracle versus disco inferno come
on all right fine it's not fair I'm like trying to do the mic pass here
yeah in case you guys hadn't hadn't quite caught it yet little miss Jamie is
in the poopy pot right now so yet again yet again cuz she has had too much
propel imagine that yes she's being propelled onto the toilet I can't believe
y'all didn't vote for back to the future I mean come on really you know it's
available in a nice trilogy box set now at finer stores everywhere but is it
fixed apparently apparently there was an issue with like the second and third
movies not being available in widescreen
maybe you got the second set then
because they were supposed to re-release them
you know that is actually
a point of debate though, people being concerned over widescreen over full
screen
there's no debate there, people who widescreen are mindless, idiotic zombies
Dan they can't they can't hear that
Yeah
Well, there's there's a and not everybody can hear this with it being so far away, um, well basically I don't get yeah
It's exactly just saying I don't get why people enjoy watching their movies
With um the screen, you know the whole movie cut off and have it be all bad quality scanned in and you know
So actually Die Hard had a really good example on the DVD of the difference between widescreen
and full screen.
By the way, that movie has my man in it.
I just thought I'd mention Alan Rickman.
What guy?
They can't hear you.
That's him.
Anyway.
No, anyway.
Dan, they can't hear you.
Anyway, but I don't get why it is, though, that people decide that they want to watch
their movies like that when you're missing the whole movie, though I remember on Saturday
Night Live when Steven Seagal was on there, but they had someone portraying Steven Seagal
and they had super wide Steven vision, Sagala vision, that was it, and they had the widescreen
so wide that you could see like stuff that was like off the set, and you could see the
guy over in the other room, you know, going to the bathroom or eating or something, and
then all of the extras over there getting food off the table, but there's a, you know,
I don't see why people enjoy that.
Okay, we can't all have mics because the splitter that I bought was not the right splitter, and we couldn't find one I
Agree, that's dance a dude. That's booty
Dan once like a seed dance got his taste of radio now you they said they can hear you
Did you hear him say that he's a pet he said you're loud
it
he sticks out like a hitchhiker's thumb
it's not dumb
dan's gonna get kicked in a minute
anyway
so uh...
we actually uh...
now we've got comments coming in about alan rickman movies so
That makes me feel all happy and joyous.
So, as far as the sim update, I'm going to be fully honest,
I don't keep up with the sims.
Well, some people keep up with the game, the sims,
but I don't keep up with the simulators or anything.
I understand that the Turning Mix 3 deal didn't go as well
as some people had wished that it would.
You know, we're going to have a full update on that one next week when Loki is back on
the radio.
And hopefully, though, he did mention something about having unlimited access to get all of
those things posted up on the site, so we'll be able to let everybody know, and we'll probably
put something up on our web page.
By the way, again, for people who are wanting to participate in chat, just go to orangelounge.skie.cx,
there is a link to our chat room located there on the site and you can
participate in all the madness and we actually had a couple people saying that
a turning mix 3 actually was pretty good so what was good about it was good about
turning mix 3 I didn't participate in any of that by the way we also um from
there's a mass edit contest make edit get porn yes it's called make edit get
I think that's going to be in a couple of weeks is when that's going to expire.
It was supposed to be last week, but nobody, well, we only had, we only had two entries
from what I understand.
So it's going to be anything that's in Max USA for the United States, make your edit
for that, send it in to Matt one way or another.
You know, you can send it to me if you want to and I'll get it to him, but you win this
contest there's only one winner by the way did you win the contest you get porn
okay it's not like hardcore stuff that's more like skinimax style porn and play
maid of the year and crap like that girls gone wild ooh you know I'm
wondering why they don't have you know men gone wild I would be all over that
sorry Dan if it's big enough I bet no seriously um if you're just not getting
any and you need your porn fix, send in your edit. You might just get lucky. All five of
your fingers will be lucky. Yeah, either in a fap, you know, you can play fap, fap revolution
at home. Or schlick, schlick revolution if that's your thing. Indeed. Yes, everybody
wants porn according to maple everybody that wants porn is busy getting porn so
uh mp4 style anyway I think that it's time that uh I think it's time that uh
maybe we went to another break don't you think I don't have to go to the bathroom
again
yet but i want my second bottle of propel who knows
uh... i don't know what we want to listen to today
you have any requests
we don't want to listen to satan rock
what track is it
what track is it
uh... hold on for a second
boom boom dollar
Um, we're trying to figure out songs to play, so we're like, we have a request for Boom
Boom Dollar, but I don't know if Jamie's going to circumvent that or not.
There's no way.
She said circump.
I don't know what you're saying, circumcise, but, um, so Jamie's playing with tracks, she's
having fun, and just kind of tossing things around.
If you're sitting in a car, between two guys, is it okay to get wood?
It's not even okay to ask.
There you go, you're uber fun.
Those are the three songs.
The three song solo gig.
What do you mean three songs?
Anyone.
We're running out of things to say.
Help!
Jamie's playing with music.
Actually, do me a favor.
Throw in one of those.
The best cities are in it.
I don't have to do too many.
Okay, there we go.
Yeah, one is the originals, and one is the...
Three songs.
Three songs.
Okay.
I don't have beautiful 21C.
OK.
Yeah.
One is the originals, and one is the three-song.
Three-song.
Yeah.
OK.
We had a request for beautiful 21C,
and I thought it was on one of these disks, but you know what?
I don't have beautiful 21C, but I will eventually.
So let's go back to, yeah, next week on Orange Lounge.
We're going to go ahead and look for a song that was.
That's so funny.
Third.
Try lower.
Do you have anything that's second style?
Second style I have. There it is. Alright, we are playing Macho Gang. Enjoy. Hey, anal fighter. Yeah.
I used to walk around with the space in my hand
Told you Bombay is my name and my father had to say
But everything changed here in underway
It's so wet that I get to my father
It's so wet that I get to my brother
It's so wet that I get to my mother
It's so wet, the tiger took my family
La ba dee, la ba loll, yee go lay yawl
In da ba loll, yah didn't he go lay
We used to shake a kooza in a little wooden house
I lived there with my family and friends we went out
But now they all are gone and life is not so fun
But what can you expect here in Ireland?
It's so wet, the tiger took my father
It's so wet, that I just took my brother It's so wet, that I just took my mother It's so wet, that I just took my family
One day in the warm jungle, the tigers took my stick
It wasn't really fun, it was a big mistake
I took my father's swing shot and cut the tiger down
This is how we feel it here in Tiger Lake
It's so wet, that I get to my mother It's so wet, that I get to my mother
It's so wet!
The tiger took my mother
It's so wet!
The tiger took my family
It's so wet!
The tiger took my father
It's so wet!
The tiger took my brother
It's so wet!
The tiger took my mother
It's so wet!
The tiger took my family
It's so wet!
The tiger took my family
It's so wet!
The tiger took my family
Oh
We can stay around, ooh yeah We gotta get around
We can stay around, ooh yeah We gotta get around
You can play it my way, oh yeah
Thank you for watching!
And now
For the
The
The
The
The
The
Oh
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Well, we're back, and we're on the home stretch of the show.
We did get a request for a very funny song, and unfortunately I haven't been able to quite
get it just yet, but I can't promise anything.
We may be able to have that ready for the afterbirth of the show.
And Ross was bringing up something very interesting earlier about Japanese video games, about
some of these weird ones.
Do you mind telling us about it?
Well, I mean, you've seen some of the stuff like the ones where you have to walk the dog.
I mean, come on now.
Um, goodness, South Amal and Hayward had the one where they had the butt and you had to
have the paddle and you had to spank it.
It didn't last too long.
Let's just say that.
when I had, you know, some friends of mine walking up behind it and trying to mount it.
Um, yeah, it's not gonna last long.
South Island Mall did have something cool, though.
They did have the Monkey Ball arcade game, which had a banana for a joystick.
That got taken out when an old lady started stroking it.
That was kind of... yeah.
Yeah, that's basically what I was envisioning.
But, I mean, some of them go too far, I mean, with the train, like a train simulation, and...
We don't have them here anymore.
Just do a search on, on Yahoo.
And, uh, Jamie is over here, playing with stuff.
I tried going to 3brain.com to try to find this song to play by request, and when you click on the low HTML version of the page,
It gives you a smiley face. Done in text.
What were you saying about those games? Tell me about the lobster game.
Well, there's a site where I saw...
basically, you know one of those crane games where you win stuffed animals and stuff?
They had live lobster. This is great! I mean,
they're, you know, the claws are all taped up and
you just pop in your money and, if you're lucky, you'll have dinner that night!
Lobster! It's great stuff! How can you lose? Yeah, it's a little inhumane.
But this is Japan. Who cares? Really.
I do. Well, it's just really
freaking mean. Okay, what about the poor ones that are sitting there with their
guts
spilling out everywhere because the crane decided to take part of its, you know,
shell off? That's not cool. That poor thing's sitting there suffering for hours on end
until it dies in
in the tank because it's bleeding everywhere.
Um, yeah, it is a little inhumane.
A little? Yeah, it's a little. I mean, okay,
look at this, walk the dog.
Why not just go out and walk the dog? Exactly. I guess, you know, for people
who live in apartment complexes with no dogs and no pets,
this is the only thing that they can really do.
that'd be remotely close to walking the dog
We're watching Jamie go through 3brain.com right now
and she can't find it
the song is not up on 3brain.com so I'm going to have to find it a different way
uh...
I had it probably burned off
but if all else fails
I'll try to have it for next week for next week's uh...
little uh...
Fortune cookie yeah, but we're needing new material for our fortune cookie
So if anybody happens to have anything that you think is funny save it for us
And who knows maybe your little comedy clip might make it on for one of our fortune cookies of the week
But you know there were um there were some of those really interesting games
So that I really wish that they bring out the u.s.. Like um I like playing the um
That photo game
Yeah, that photo game was cool as I suck at it. Yeah, we got to play it in Las Vegas of all places and
It's
But um it's
At Berkeley oh
Another game that I thought that was really neat
The actually that I want to play and hopefully I'll get to if I get to go to Japan soon. Is that taiko game?
game. Think of Mambo a Go-Go. There's a picture of it up on the side. I'm going to post this
link in the chat room for everybody. This is a bunch of different Japanese games like
the Walking the Dog game, but the game that I want to play is Taiko War. Taiko, for anyone
who doesn't know, is a type of Japanese drum. You know, I've actually got two of those drums
in my Animal Crossing house, by my fire.
Anyway, but this is one where basically you play the drum.
You know, actually I think it's really cool, I don't have the links immediately
with me but I'll try to find them for next week, Namco has done a series of
music games.
Really?
They've done a guitar simulation game, they've done, yeah Dan was saying that
every single which one Konami sued them over
but they've uh... they've done a guitar game, they've done a keyboard game that actually
looks like it might kick keyboard manias ass because
it actually goes with music so you have to read the music and play it
uh... there's a uh...
an auto harp game
if i remember correctly
uh... I'm still waiting for them to make sax maniacs
I want boner freaks. Boner freaks. I want boner freaks. Yeah, you play trombone.
I can't make that.
Dead boner freaks. Stroke mania.
That's not exactly what I was talking about.
Well, I want beat it mania.
Whack off mania.
Masturbation Freaks
We have a suggestion from a Namco panty raider
Okay
You know
Trumpet ska session mode, that's actually a suggestion for more than Jake
Flute Namco
And we actually uh
We actually, uh, would, uh...
Oh, actually, welcome to, uh, Rob, who has joined the chat room.
Haha! I'm in charge! Haha! Anyway.
Jack off, man.
Rob, don't say you're a train wreck.
This is not a train wreck!
I'm doing a good job hosting, dammit.
I don't know who you're hitting, Joel.
I can't go on.
I cry.
River gas mania.
River gas mania!
Dude, no, all you have to do...
Can be Michael Flatley.
The Lord of the Dance!
I am the Führer of the Dance!
No.
River Dance Revolution.
River Dance Revolution.
No, they need the Kunio version, River City Dance Revolution.
Yeah.
Well, you know, really, if you want to River Dance to DDR,
all you have to do is play Captain Jack Basic.
We're having some discussion here now on old school games.
River City Ransom, it's called Hot-Blooded Downtown Story.
And then there was the...
Dan's just going off on making up Neat Mania.
Mania I know I'm actually imagining that now is like you know Iron Chef they
should have an Iron Chef video game they haven't apparently there are Iron Chef
video games on the Saturn didn't you know let's go ahead and check our good
friends at eBay.com. We've got two Saturns. Let's see. Iron Chef Saturn. Let's see if
we find any. No, there are none posted. Let's look up Iron Chef game. I love eBay. There
are no Iron Chef games. Let's look up Sega. Sega! The greatest game company of all time.
And there are none posted on right now. We'll look up Chef. We have South Park. Chef's Love
shaq
disney chinese chef goofy japanese
and a disney chinese chef goofy
oh this is cute
maybe sega put it out for their plushie line
eat your mom revolution
particle man revolution
i want triangle freaks
with a giant triangle and a big like pole
and you bang the sides of the triangle
to a triangular screen
the fish fish revolution
would be like the swedish chef game where you try to hit targets with a fish
pork pork pork
put them in your mouth and suck them
no that would be uh...
chef's chocolate salty balls
oh chocolate salty ball
they're having a hoedown yee-haw
we can just we should actually make our own video game company
and just there will be a namtendacom
how about uh...
i like tanganami
tanganami
then it would be uh...
then it would be sonygen
then it would be sonygen
if tangan
it was corrupted evil combine them with sony and you have the ultimate evil
empire
you know and that if their games were all distributed at frys
cincendo graphics
what's that for? that's for the sega nintendo turbo graphics
dude i would play that
rosh rosh revolution there you go
wait wait wait there's nobody playing ross but me
just for the record i am the only person that gets to play ross
do you stomp to his beat?
i'm feeling the funky funky beat
beatmania huh?
ross ross mania wow
the white revolution
what if she's going to team up with the other golden girls and eat cheesecake?
hahaha
maybe one of them is going to have a heart attack
okay
what if we had our own video game company, what would we specialize in?
Simulations. Simulations.
We would do real life sim where it's like...
I want to simulate making a bowl of cereal. Yeah, cooking, that was what I was going to say, cooking.
A cooking simulation.
No, no, they actually have a game
and again it's another one of those goofy Japanese games
where you work in a restaurant and you have to make people's orders
like sandwiches and stuff
and no it's not
but no um... in this game you like if you don't make their order exactly the
way they want it
then you'd lose points
of course there's also the egg flipping game that was that uh...
that was that um...
A.I.
where you flip the pan and try to catch the thing
but it was broken
with the book
there's
you know that is actually is nothing they could sell would you know they have
those live dolls
they could sell like the ultimate sim version
where you look at you get up to your xbox
because the xbox isn't good for hardly anything else anyway
it makes great paperweight jump rope revolution
you know actually if they did a square dancing game for ddr like that would be
cool we actually play with a partner
you know that would be that would be pretty neat
dan dan revolution i play that every day yo
not jump revolution square dance revolution
grab your partner and buy the toast we can rent a decedent
that's alright
the redneck dick comes out
we're so that i can throw it in
what what what do you know
i know that i can't hit you i can't do it
and and i think that's what i was trying to enter
right
uh... check the term and they're staring at
can't play revolution
shirley shirley mania
where you just sit around and pet shirley
and she eats and flops on the floor
she's not stupid my cat is not stupid a goldfish simulation
i don't want
candidate
well
it milking
i'd like to be good at it but i don't know for her
and you have to know that in a certain rhythm so you have the part of the
countdown
it did corresponds to a different under
it
capital of this team
it's correct
being kind of like you know like like the stupid
you know crab games they have to get the crabs before they make it across from
you know it's remarkable the lack of all type of thing
you have to grab the other before it moves out of the way so you have to keep
up with the other. That's one twitchy cow. Give that cow some Prozac.
No, we're not having DDR upskirt revolution.
I mean, you know
DDR upskirt
this little
you know, weird sight had a camera
put under in the middle of the DDR machine and had little school girls
dancing on it
so it's a picture of their underwear and Dan's a, Dan you freaking pervert
I'll find, I'll find it for you. Okay, we've had a request for DDR upskirt cam
Alright, someone find me a link
to DDR upskirt, no not 3D's
upskirt
cam
I'm gonna do a search for this
do your upskirt
can't believe I'm doing a search for this
yeah people look on the list of everything that I've uh...
I've uh...
been looking up, oh we find lolita preteen sex
um...
maybe this is it
no that's not it
DVR man skirt revolution
no that would be kilt freaks
kilt mania
bagpipes
yeah bagpipes
we're not having yugioh revolution by the way because yugioh sucks
imagine what horrible noises you'd have coming out of there
That is the most horrific thing.
No, we're not having dildo revolution.
No, we need- Ross needs to see the upskirt cam.
No, he doesn't.
Jessica says he doesn't.
I want to see if it actually exists, because I can't believe it.
It does exist.
It does exist. Isn't that good enough for you?
You have to be kidding me.
Okay, I don't know- no, that one's down, thank God.
Okay, we found the live sex cam and free pick amateurs with Dedede tits.
Yeah.
Banana boobs!
Banana boobs!
Banana Boobs. Banana Boobs! Banana Boobs.com. Ah, shit! I lost it. No, we're not going to
the Banana Boobs. Banana Boobs.com. Didn't we say this show was adult? But no, they uh...
banana boobs dot com
did we say the show was adult
but no, they uh...
this is not M rated
those are the ugliest boobs in the world
oh hey quick, let's use my adult check gold password
Dan wants to use his adult check gold password
anyway
you know i think that's a bit much for the boobs no we're not going to the
country's site thank you very much cc x
you know that is it's the one of the the acts
uh... the stretched open ass
uh...
uh...
there's a new year for he can see quite a bit right
that about
billion
times before it
get over it
learn something new on the internet thank you
there is a pic that the picture
and
uh...
he wants to see the most of our dot com
well
but i don't know if it would only be awesome if solid snake is there
which uh... you know actually did make a mention of that i'll make it took you
uh...
anyway guess what
It's about that time, so we're going to go off and look for porn.
So, uh, prawn.
Prawn. We don't need seafood, Dan.
Dude, prawns are awesome.
Prawns are awesome, and we do not need DDR lesbian porn.
Anyway, um, that's it for this little lovely bit of train wreck.
So, uh, soiree.
Yes, this is a soiree.
Anyway, we're going to go, because we, like, have other stuff to do.
So, but anyway, do you have any final thoughts?
Let's start with the farthest away, Dan.
No.
I second that, no.
I'm going to go play Ross Ross Revolution.
You said thoughts.
I said thoughts, as if any of us are busy thinking.
Anyway, my final thought is if you
want to have an upskirt cam, be sneaky.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment,
send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
And now, the buffoons date at the drive-in
with the school's valedictorian.
I really appreciate your asking me out.
Most people are intimidated by my high academic achievement.
This movie sucks shit!
Well, Ibra gave it thumbs up, but Siskel thought it was too preachy.
Anyway, I enjoyed the director's last film immensely.
Kathleen Turner has big fucking tits!
Yes, well, she recently had a child. I think her maternal biology may play a
role in that.
She looks fabulous for a woman her age, doesn't she?
I had a firecracker in a bullfrog's mouth and blew his fucking head off!
Well, in psychology we learn that it's not uncommon for male adolescents to commit
savage acts on animals as part of their maturing process.
That girl in the fucking car in front of us!
She gives everybody head!
Well, I guess she starved for attention and she feels promiscuity is the only way
to obtain it.
These popcorn's fucking terrible!
It tastes like someone jizzed all over it.
Well, the thought of semen on this popcorn is certainly disturbing.
Perhaps the staff in the refreshment stand was overcome by the monotony of
their work and decided to play a childish prank.
I looked at my asshole in the mirror today!
It blew my fucking mind!
It's ironic that parts of one's own body can seem odd and unusual because you don't
see them on a day-to-day basis.
My father's shit stinks up the bathroom all fucking day!
It's puzzling why one person's fecal odor can be more overpowering than another's.
I wonder whether it is a function of the food digested or that person's internal metabolism.
I'm gonna go get head from that fucking girl!
While I'm sorry to see the date come to such an abrupt conclusion,
I do appreciate the time you've spent with me and look forward to a future rendezvous.
I like to piss in that guy's fucking gas tank!
You
