message for you sir!
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, is any balls down there?
About the biggest berry you've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
The show's absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
I don't get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
But no kung-fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No!
What I expect for Spanish exposition is gentle.
Hey, hey, hey!
Dark Sakura.
Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boom stick.
Sky.
Come on, girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki.
I can't believe it.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of work human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 25 for December the 22nd of 2002.
You're tuned in to the Bomani Scene's most old school station.
That's judging by the preshow, correct?
of all things...
BEEEEEEEEEEEEE
money.
Freak.
My name is Rob Roberts and you might-
His name is Freaky!
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are the other two pieces of the pie.
Say hello to the, um,
the apple pie in that corner, Jamie.
The funny pie.
Apple?
I don't know, what pie would you be?
Mincemeat!
Mincemeat pie!
figure out what's going on i think i need to do a reboot but i can't do the reboot in the middle of
the show so i don't know what to do we'll figure out if we can figure out what's going on and we'll
be back in a little bit but uh first i gotta cue up a song so what do you guys want to talk about
tonight what are we talking about tonight on the big show we just we just literally ran in here a
little bit ago so we're still kind of what is it with max magazine hating canada they just like
rip on candida every page
they really do it's weird
we gotta talk about christmas and all that fun stuff
christmas sucks
uh... so
we're gonna play something for the brand new eight style soundtrack doesn't that
sound like fun
it sounds squeelicious
okay we're gonna play uh... we're gonna play the radical mix of abstract
this song is pretty cool
Alright, we'll be back in a little bit.
...
...
...
...
...
Hi Ho!
Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought
brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hi, you're listening to-
I got the munchies, ma'am.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight is very-
Damn, we don't got no one listening tonight.
We're very low on the listeners and people in the chat room and all that stuff.
I guess the holidays really do fuck everything up, don't they?
either that or people forgot about us sniff I cry well tell a friend tell a
relative tell everyone that orange on radio is on the air and we love new
listeners so yeah anyway we have candy and cookies yes we have lots of yum eats
today this is gonna be one of those shows it's probably a good thing no
one's listening well actually it's probably gonna wait just wait like a
half an hour once all the sugar kicks in once all the sugar kicks in this we do
have plenty of stuff on the agenda tonight we're gonna do another rendition
of orange launch match game pretty soon that'll be fun yeah and we're going to
do our list list tonight will be the best the money song of 2002 so that'll
be fun. And just kind of some other year-end junk to talk about today. So, I don't know
how we're going to start this big show off. We want to do the FUs of the Week. We want
to do the Sim updates. We can talk about anything that's in this Maxim magazine because... Why
don't we talk about Loki's Christmas present from Jamie? Let's talk about that. I gave
him the gift of cleavage. I got a Maxim magazine and I got a bunch of chocolate. A whole bunch
chocolate like tons and tons and tons and tons of chocolate but no nuts no
nuts because I hate nuts but um I'm a good present giver because I remember
but this this book is awesome I mean it's got well other than the fact that
it's got this really cool page of this topless cheerleader that's just oh my
god that's what I want next year okay right there
Let's see, it tells they have a page here how to amputate your own limb.
How?
How to date a cheerleader, how to make a tridocan or whatever that is, I don't know.
How to play craps.
It's just awesome.
How to deck your lawn.
Crazy stuff like that.
Speaking of Maxim Magazine, don't you have an announcement to make about your little competition?
Oh yeah, due to the fact that our wonderful message board went down again, I am postponing the due date by two weeks.
For what?
For Make Edit Get Porn.
The winner is you.
Why don't you explain one more thing, even though no one new is listening tonight, I'm sure because our listener counts so low.
Tell us all about Make Edit Get Porn.
Make Edit Get Porn is basically you make an edit for any song that's on DDR Max USA
and you send it to me some way, either it be a Dex Drive save, a DWI file, a step chart, whatever
you just send it to me and you're entered, the winner gets a big box of porn.
That's pretty much it.
So basically, you make an edit and you get some porn.
Maybe.
But you have to win to get the porn.
to get the porn. As things look great now, there's like two people entered. Another thing
that prompted me to push back the deadline by two weeks. So that's pretty much the contest
right there as it stands. VidPower has a suggestion. He says it shouldn't be Murp make edit receive
Because then he can say merp.
Why do we have to drop everything down to acronyms?
Eff you to acronyms, okay?
Anyways, so, yeah, I mean, futa.
Ooh, page 100.
The acronym show, you mean TAS?
Dude, they have nude elves in here.
Dude? What?
Wait, what is this?
Why are there... I don't...
Okay.
That's pretty cool.
Maxim Magazine is such a dirty little rag.
I love it.
Surprise.
Ah.
Yeah.
Let's go stretch.
Yeah, they have stuff about video games.
What's the video game that they reviewed this week?
Nightfire.
They gave it a four out of five stars.
James Bond, it's uh...
Yeah, it's like GoldenEye.
Okay, you want to fuss? Jamie wants to fuss. I want to fuss.
Jamie wants to fuss. I think I'm using... Fuss about something. Are we doing FUs already? This isn't the FUs or is this...
This isn't an FU, but I need fussy music. Do you need fussy music? Whoa, look, balls!
This guy is holding bread together to where it looks like balls and that big...cock.
What fussy music do you want? You want your normal F.U. music?
What's your fussy music?
You want gravity for your fussy music?
Let's see if I can find fussy music.
Fussy, fussy, fussy.
Okay. What the hell?
She's a hoe. Okay, here we go. I have your fussy music.
She likes being beaten when she has sex.
Okay. Today we went to Roosevelt Golf Lamp.
And boy did it suck.
We went over there to play some Para Para and stuff.
And I just got so sick of all the machines being down that I went and fussed the manager.
His name?
With a list and all.
No, I made the list after I fussed with him.
well you can do it again. His name was Chris. He's a tall guy.
He's a tall guy. And he was wearing a vest over one of those button up goth land shirts.
I went and I fussed at him.
I said
Excuse me, I'm trying to fuss.
I asked why the machines were in forward hair.
And I named off machines one by one, and what was wrong with him?
And his eyes just got a little bit wider, and a little bit wider.
And he decides to use, um, this condescending corporate talk.
Okay, I worked for a corporation for two years, and I'm working for another one now.
Although that's not quite as professional as today.
Anyway, um, and he's like, well, I'm sorry you feel that way.
And blah blah blah, and the tech comes in on Monday. I'm like,
I remember hearing that they have three techs at Willysville.
They must have three techs, but they all come in the same day and just drink beer and watch football.
I was like, well then hire another.
And he's like, well corporate deals blah blah blah.
If all of your funding comes from your corporate office...
How corporate to suck your corporate cock?
I don't have a...anyway...
Eat your corporate clit then, I don't care!
Anyway, I was like, well then explain why I haven't noticed this many machines down at SVGL.
Or I haven't seen this many machines down at MGL.
Or CVGL!
I started naming off places, and I'm like...
He's like, you know, if all your funding comes from
Gotham corporate, why are these other goth lands
in such good repair and this one has so many broken machines?
And he's like, um, well, I don't know. I'm like, you know what? I'm like, if we don't see some
improvement here, there might be an organized boycott of your facility.
Hell no! It won't go!
Oh yeah, but I probably wouldn't go anyways. And I walked off, took out my notebook,
and proceeded to write down all of the machines that were broken.
So I have a list, but I'll leave my list after Rob says he's okay.
I have a silly comment, but if Black Lab used to work for the golf line, correct? The Golf Line Empire.
I was just wondering what your manager would have done had Jamie came in and said lick my corporate clit.
Okay, first of all, my-
First of all-
I wouldn't have said that.
Well, first of all, my manager was more of a woman, so.
Yeah, that would have just made the situation all the more awkward.
I didn't press anything, it was nice.
Yeah, but a constructed cart you made for my manager would have actually produced some kind of result.
I mean, but, then again, Captain Valley is like, a fifth the size of Roseville.
If you, I mean, you guys, there's only two golf courses, and like, no water slides or golf carts like there are in Roseville, but anyway.
Okay, what are you looking at now in this back so far?
Oh my god, it's Rapture!
I know about these.
Okay, time to... I think she's kind of fussing about...
Dude, you just turned red.
Okay, cuz.
Yeah, Rob's complaining about things already going on a train wreck.
This is what's broken right now at Roseville Golf Land.
By the way, they have really crappy surface today.
Anyway, um, hip hop...
What's new? Today?
This is... these are just the obviously broken things.
Okay, I didn't go by and personally test every game.
First of all, the hip hop mania, it eats tokens.
I lost two dollars in tokens on that thing today.
Did you get that?
They wouldn't give it to me.
You're mean.
Okay, guitar breaks was down.
Drum mania was put out of order because the drumsticks weren't tied to the machine, but I just took the sticker off and just played it anyway.
DDR 4th mix was down, however they were turning it on when we were leaving. I think someone just reached right there close to me.
Um, uh, DDR match to, um, you said the left player up arrow was broken and the right player right arrow was broken?
Other way around.
Oh, uh, first player left, first player up arrow, and second player...
That's, that's what I'm saying.
Um, and Pada Pada has one of the sensors on him a little bit loose.
For the medieval madness, pinball is down. Roadshow pinball is down.
Revenge of Mars pinball is down. Time Crisis Player 1 is down.
The grid was down. They had it, but I'll take it apart.
They had, like, separated, like, one group, one in each of the corners.
Radical Bikers is down.
Radical Bikers? That's the only game that's not worth getting into your DL.
I'm just naming all of them.
It is, like, it never works.
That game War, the third player was down.
So how many games is this that I've named, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35,
So how many games is this that I've named? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 games!
I'd like to announce also that their ticket counting machine is inaccurate.
It in fact counts less tickets than you put in there, no matter what you do, because the retards don't empty it.
You sound like the comic book guy. I would like to point out that that ticket machine is inaccurate.
worst episode ever
don't like this
possibly yeah no no we roll any other
any other worse episode ever was me doing it live from
freaking the tournament now
and stuff and
I'm closing down
Oh, a plan. P-L-A-N. That's not an acronym. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, Jamie has a plan.
No, we need the fanfare from Marky and Bullseye.
The plan is this, we've tried petitioning them before, you know, sending letters.
We only sent in a few letters, so this is what I'm going to say.
Okay, for everybody who has a complaint regarding Roosevelt-Goughlin, you know, there's supposed to be power in numbers. I'm going to send a letter to Goughlin corporate.
To complain about the shoddy performance of Roosevelt-Goughlin. I'm going to send it to Steve Boss.
Yes, Steve Rogers was going to say, who is the general manager of Rizzo Gotham.
Also, you know, the fact that he was so unresponsive here and the whole time we're trying to get our tournament running,
I'm sending a letter to the Gotham Incorporate, questioning about him.
I thought something would be shaken up, because I heard that Shiggle Boss went out there and checked the place out earlier, like last week sometime.
There needs to be more than just that. Even wanting to enlist the aid of anyone with a digital camera, go take a picture of each.
Nearly 7 out of 10 women say that they're unhappy because they're the lowest.
Loki shot for a minute.
On Jamie's point, last time we did that, took a digital camera and took pictures and we put them up on the internet, they were pissed.
They were so pissed. Let's do it again, let's do it again.
Let's do it!
And you know, we had a thread on that open on DDR3 for six weeks?
With links to those pictures?
Can I be in the picture with a sad face?
Yes!
And you know what?
We should photoshop Captain Jack into a picture and have him crying.
You know what?
Am I not incorrect that it worked last time?
Yes it did.
We had our keyboards replaced on keyboard media.
Yes it did.
So you know what? Let's do it!
Let's do it! Let's go ahead and, uh, you know, there's something, I don't know if anyone has ever worked in customer service or any type of service where they've given training classes like that, but, um, for every eight displeased customers, only one person ever does nothing about it.
That's sad.
And the thing about this, each of the people that are just in the service are going to go and tell another eight people at least and spread the word.
I would just like to point out that I used Jamie's example in a training class the other day at work.
You did? That's cool.
But, see, that's the point.
You need to think that for every single complaint letter you get, there are seven other people who are pissed off at your company.
You know?
You see what we're going to do? We're going to make sure there's quite a few more than just eight.
And to point out, you know, Orange Lounge Radio, we're an international show, we got listeners in Japan, listeners in Canada, all over, you know, our world headquarters, Sacramento, California, so this is kind of a local topic.
But, you know, even the people, we got some folks in Vegas in the chat room right now, VidPower says, I feel sorry for you guys, an arcade should not be messed up that bad.
Yes, we bitch about RVGL because we want your pity. That's the point of this whole thing.
On top of that, though, we're making a point for anybody else, you know, around the world country.
If you see your arcade or any place too frequent that's in poor condition, do something about it.
Just say, oh god, this sucks, and not doing anything about it.
People don't know what they're doing wrong until you tell them.
Just keep in mind that the vast majority of people in this world are fundamentally stupid.
I'm not saying everybody is stupid.
I'm not saying everybody is stupid because obviously our listeners have a brain.
But, you know, there are a lot of really dumb people in the world, and they just don't get it, and they keep doing something, thinking that they're doing something the right way, and in the meantime, they don't know just how bad they're fucking up.
Especially if your arcade smells like pee.
That would be laser force.
I swear, I smelled fish while I was playing DDR at Roseville today.
Me too, I smelled fish. I was like, dang, somebody needs to douche.
It was nasty. It distracted me when I was trying to play.
It was sick. Golf Land is filled with the ragged smell of pussy and I don't like it.
At least no little kid came and took a dump by you while you were playing.
You didn't have to see someone trying to change your baby's diaper on the keyboard.
I have a little horror story about colorful heaven.
Uh-oh!
Yeah, when I was working at Castle Gas in CVGL over the summer, some little kid, I think
it was around Labor Day weekend, they were trying to fix the air conditioning on the
roof and all of a sudden I walk over to the edge of the roof to check around to see if
there were little kids running around, and I see this little brown pile sitting on the
sidewalk out in front of the arcade, I'm like, that can't be from a dog or something, can
it? And then I get a complaint from my boss, he's like, Ryan, the toilet's clogged, could
you go take care of that? So I go walking over to the bathroom, I look at the toilet,
and there's a little kid's pair of boxers filled with crap sitting in the toilet. There's
like a half a roll of toilet paper crammed in there with, like somebody trying to flush
the boxers down the toilet how stupid can you get no i had to and then i walked outside
and followed there was like little trails of drops of crap laying on the sidewalk up
to this big pile over by the over by one of the starts of the golf courses i had to clean
that up it was nasty i don't think i need any more chocolate tonight thank you well
Maybe they won't keep you aside for this. That's a good thing.
Okay, Santa's getting some.
We're looking in the...
That damn Maxim again!
I'm going to read the quote.
And here's a candy cane for you.
It's a picture of Santa and some woman on his lap with her underwear.
It's just like a shot of somebody... Santa sitting from these down.
Let's hear it for Maximus.
Anyway, back to what my point was, if anybody,
it doesn't even matter what it is, people don't know what they're doing wrong until you point it out to them.
Make sure that if you're going to complain about something,
you do it in a constructive manner. You point out item by item what is wrong
with what they're doing, how you think it can be fixed, and then you send it to the people
who can do something about it. Don't give it to some peon because they're going to lose it.
Which means go over everyone's heads until you get to the top.
Go as far as you need to go.
That's been my lesson for the day.
So that's what we're going to do. We're going to a coffee coffin.
Okay, there's another article in this back.
Is this the Maxim show now?
Yeah.
Loki will give you a little quote from it.
They're talking about like Santa's new album, The Hoe Zone, and it claims it was the single, first single, Get in the Sleigh, Bitch.
Yeah, anyways.
And that gets the, okay, whatever word I want. It'll be a week. Anyway.
I think now's a good time to go to break. What do you think?
Um, I can break.
Okay, we're gonna go break stuff.
I wanna go break something.
Okay, we'll be right back and we're going to play something else from the 8-Style Center.
I'm going to play a song I like.
I can cue that one up. I have that right here.
And I'm going to play a song I like, too, called Monkey Dancer.
I like that song. That song rules.
Monkey Dance.
Sorry, not Monkey Dancer, Monkey Dance.
Alright, so we'll be back in a little bit. Thanks for listening.
It's true that I
Maybe go into party or fight
Then I catch a mist
Show me your magic
Under the moonlight
Bounds of light
A bloody veto
Love of me, I don't know why
Do you understand?
This move to the tail
The bird is watching me
Monkey dance, monkey dance
Like a star
Move your booty dance, move your booty dance
Let's dance together, on the fire, baby
Monkey dance, monkey dance, let me hear
Move your booty dance, move your booty dance
You can't stand still, the truth will rise from you tonight
Oh
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, my friends.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and in that set, we heard a bunch of 8-style
songs.
Guideca was that last song we heard.
Before that, Xeno On.
Before that, Monkey Dance and Startin' That Sit Off.
I'm sure it's on this Jamie's favorite, Sakura!
Cool.
So, um, I don't know if you guys heard the news, but I remember last week we were talking
about DDR Extreme and the rumor that it was coming out on Christmas Day, and I said, what
a bunch of bullshit!
Ah, you were wrong!
Whoops!
My bad, it is coming out on Christmas Day, according to the Konami official website.
So, okay.
Okay.
Alright, so I thought we'd talk a little bit about DDR Extreme and what kind of stuff we should expect to be seeing in it.
What we're looking forward to and all that stuff.
What have you heard, Loki? Have you heard anything on it?
Oh, hey, we've got another special guest in the studio.
Hey, we've got some special people joining us right now.
Oh, this is cool, very cool.
Hello, my friends. Pick up a microphone, grab a mic.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you?
I am good.
Hi Amanda, say hello to Amanda.
Hi, I'm Amanda.
And this is Yana, say hello.
Hello.
And they've come to visit us.
Now Amanda, you're a big DDR fan, right?
I guess so.
Do you still even play anymore?
Um, I think the last time I played, actually wait, did we?
I played once, like that's the last time I came over here.
I went and played like once at QsR and a fourth.
Well, where did you used to play?
Tell us about some of the folks that you used to play DDR with and when you got started
and all that.
We started off at Mountain Mike's, because that was the only machine in the area.
That's when I really, really started it.
The machine got really crappy, so we stopped playing.
Then we got a seventh mix, so everyone was there.
And then our work schedule got busy, so I stopped.
What is this you showing? Shame on you.
They're not, no.
I know. They're perfectly legal. I've seen those things before.
They're just natural cigarettes.
What does it say?
Let's see.
It's just a brand name.
Can I say over the air what these are?
It's yeah.
They're ecstasy cigarettes.
It's just a brand name.
It's just having to do with the chemical.
It doesn't have anything to do with going to the rave.
No, it has nothing to do with MDMA, no.
Let's see.
Let's read the ingredients.
Damiano, wild lettuce, catnip.
Dude, catnip.
Let's go smoke some catnip.
And passion flower, mint, love and light.
I used to work at J&C for two years.
Damiana makes you horny.
Very very very horny.
We used to sell it to old men who couldn't get it up.
Herbal Viagra.
In hell.
So yeah.
You do realize you've walked in on a DDR talk show, correct?
Yes.
Why do I have the greatest idea?
Oh, oh, oh, whenever I have the bowling alley, they have the really crappy third mix.
Uh-huh.
My friend who works there pretty much got on the guy and says, look, you know what?
The reason this machine isn't making money is because it's crap.
You don't give it up.
And basically, she just basically told it like it was.
There's a seventh mix there now.
Pretty much the bowlers, before, were complaining about everyone stomping on it and interfering
with their game.
Right.
And now, because its pads work, you don't have to stomp as hard.
The thing that they're complaining about mostly is the music now, so they just kind of turn it down, but it's still playable.
It's funny that you mention that, because in the last segment, Jamie was just talking about Roseville Golf Land, how a lot of their games have gone to shit, and how she was going to write a boycott letter to the management, the high, high, high management, like corporate.
Nice.
God.
Yes, god of golf lands, so it's funny that you bring that up.
Dear Shicklepot.
So, wow! So, uh, what else is going on? I don't know. What's new in the world of Amanda that she can talk about on the radio?
Um...
Did you meet Ryan in the front room? That's Black Lab. I don't know.
He's online, dude.
Is that the one who answered the door?
Yeah, probably.
He's kind of looking at me weird like, uh...
Who the hell are you?
He's like looking at us like, what the hell are you doing?
Like run down to the bathroom.
been trying to take over the house. I thought, I love that CD. I love this CD. What, Frou-Frou?
I love Frou-Frou. We've been talking about Frou-Frou last week on the show. We'll talk
more during break. Whatever. I call it Frou-Frou. I'm probably wrong though. I thought, you
know what might be fun? Why don't you guys, why don't you guys play match game with us?
We're going to do a match game segment. Why don't you guys play with us? You guys can
special celebrity cats yana's crazy she's taking this top of a thing she's
got this do it your little toffee it's a little describe what top of a is Jamie I
don't know how to explain it
hazelnut and it's got like noughts it's really really delicious I have to put on
my nipple so you can lick it off it's yana's putting this top of a on her
nipple and chocolate hazelnut filling can I can I lick that when it's on your
If you liked this video, please like, share, and subscribe to the channel!
We got in the chat room, DSCS SoCalKicks is ranting because we've got lesbians in the
house and the webcam's not on.
Well doesn't it sound to be you?
Honey, this is all of our clothes on so you're not missing too much.
I'm taking off my shirt now.
Ooh baby.
Hey should we just like make out just to make us jealous?
going to be wearing nothing but top of a
although they're going to make out studio now it's still talk about
product is trying to eat its way out of my stomach
straight up
that's right a breeze
okay wait a minute you're asking if a max a magazine belongs to me
hello i know we don't talk about this fact much on the show
That's not my preferred reading material.
Got it?
I actually have a friend who has it as well.
And then he basically, let's just put it this way.
He got himself a subscription to XY.
And for his birthday, his dad got a subscription to Playboy.
Just so happened that one day they both came in the mailbox
on the same day.
Wacky, crazy, wild stuff.
I think we're getting a phone call, is this, I don't know, we're not getting a phone call,
but our friend here in the house is getting a phone call.
I don't know what's going on.
I've lost total and absolute control of this show.
Hey, Amanda, did you hear there's a new DDR coming out, DDR Extreme on Christmas Day in
Japan?
You have this total unenthused look on your face.
You can't actually play the game right now, huh?
Well they'll have it here in about a couple weeks, I'm sure they'll get the game in Japan.
It's got butterfly on it!
So now we can all dance like house lighters.
And have these fleekies.
Apple.
Holla bowl.
This show's gone.
We're all nuts right about now.
I have nuts and some of us don't.
Yeah, I know nuts aren't your preferred...
Well you know like men are like a box of chocolates, you never know which one has nuts.
What is the match game?
What is the match game?
I want to do a match game, but we have to have our own.
Dude, it's got pictures of those guys pulling a truck with their cocks.
What?
What?
What?
Ah!
That's how they get their things, oh my god, long dong.
orange lounge radio baumannii talk and then some and this would be the uh...
then some portion of that
we're talking about
what hoopers two weeks ago yeah wait hold on take a mic and i gotta go figure
out what's going on with the other guests
okay
hi
You better known as the guy that was in Rushmore and also was in that other movie that I didn't like.
Two movies I probably haven't seen.
Uh oh, we have family issues, don't we?
I just got shit.
Okay, so, I gotta get back to the chair here.
Let me catch Black Lab up on where we've been.
Black Lab, while you were out playing 2DX, we had some, uh, from the official Lesbians of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hahahaha!
Amanda and Yana came into the house, so I'm getting the finger right now.
And the, uh, and I bet you'll be getting the finger later! Hahaha!
Hahahaha!
Actually, I think Damien's gonna be home today, so...
You know, if it wasn't actually for that finger, he'd still be a virgin.
Yeah, I just walked into the room and I'm like,
OK!
He's so cute, he's blushy!
I'm just trying not to laugh so hard right now.
Plus the sugar's kicking in.
I don't know how many of you guys have heard about the vibrator, the Hello Kitty vibrator?
Chocolate?
Wait, do you want to talk to us about the Hello Kitty vibrator?
Oh my god, it's like if you're doing it with a vibrator, you know, it's like you know somebody's
actually having sex with the Hello Kitty vibrator.
So I said it and they're like, oh, Hello Kitty!
I mean, come on now.
I mean, it's obvious anybody's going to have a Hello Kitty vibrator unless they scream
out the name Hello Kitty.
I wanted to go to San Francisco to get one.
That's just sickening, okay?
I don't know if that's the chocolate, if it was that or the chocolate that's about to make you puke, I don't know.
Whether it got used or not, it would just be a thing that would be cool to have.
Just put it on display, that's all you need it for.
I don't know, man.
These, uh, these, like, religious dildos look pretty funny.
You got the little Buddha, Buddha with, like, testicles for some reason, and then the, the, you know, crucifix dildo.
Oh yeah.
any
anyway
we are
do you feel the power
i think we're gonna take a quick break to regroup it's gonna be really quick we're just gonna do like a one song break
what do you want to play?
it's on the CD
okay he's whipping out a CD ladies and gentlemen
dead air dead air
okay
this song
that we're going to be playing
is from CKY. It's a Chinese freestyle rap.
So it's pretty sweet.
You guys love it.
Where is it? It's right there. Right? Okay.
Alright, here we go. We're going to do this. The CKY Chinese freestyle rap.
And in the meantime, we need some contestants for Match Game, because we're going to do that right when we get back.
But first we need a trivia question. You want to offer up a trivia question for the chatters, Jamie?
How are we going to get people?
We've got to make it kind of simple, but not too hard.
Something simple, but not too hard? Something not too easy.
Okay, what was...
Alright, here we go.
Alright, V from BeatMania2DX, what was the original song and who composed it?
Ah, okay, so V from 2DX, who was the original composer and the name of the original song?
Yes. Yes, okay.
So just message that to me in the chat room. And you get bonus points if you can name the symphony it's from.
Yes, bonus points if you name the symphony it's from. So, first two people to get in on that will be playing match game with all of us, all six of us in house right now. So, we'll be right back.
Before I can kick you higher than you can kick me
I can kick you way up into a tree who wants to take the mic
Everybody
Everybody wanna see me
Break your leg everybody wanna see me break an egg
Well I don't, but I like fried rice, and I got life
Jing chao, wu ching, wang wu, right?
That ain't nice, four for the cookie, I always told you twice
Delivery's free, but not from me
I always call the dollar fifty, fifty-five
Wanna see me forgot, hit you with the lies
Well when I hit you with the shit, do I split?
Take a shit after go eat my dick, kung fu
Wipe my buffet, you fuckin' gay, ah
Wylo, hit you with the hay, stay the fuck away
Hit you in the balls, only Americans eat nut sauce
And my toy sauce is for you, I can put it in your chew
Watch this, I can tiptoe while you take a piss
In my bathroom, spy on you by your little bullshit
Oh yeah!
I can kick you if you don't pay the bill
And if you want a little mint, that's fifty cents
Bitch, every day costs a little bit
So don't expect nothing for free, at least for me
Take Chang Chui, I got you from Taiwan City
And Hong Kong, I can smoke a bottle can, I can do it all night long
And don't mistake me for I'll be a con
I can get you, and tackle you, stay you
Never see me where I get you and make you
Rope you up, and put you in a bamboo cage
And make you feel all my rage
Poke you with a little stick till you stage
Your buddies too come nape on me
Goddamn the chips burnt, blew away my whole city
Oh, chief man, shoot a load on your chips
Goddamn that's a dick, always go goodbye
And if you wanna cop on in
You can work into my world where the yellow ship begins
Oh my god, can't be changed
I got chips to control your brain and it's called
Egg, coal, y'all, and lo me
So come on in, baby, and have it just the same, all right?
Ha!
Knowing I'm down, aren't they, Dave?
Ha, I don't suppose.
Ha, ha, ha.
Huh?
Huh, huh, huh.
Oh, shit.
Oh, hi, we have dead air.
Hold on, I have to bring us back with a promo, though.
with a promo though. Okay we'll play one more song then we'll come back. How about this is a promo?
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio or die! Okay welcome back! We've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And we have our two contestants for um it's so dead in our chat room tonight. I don't know what's
going on. If you want to join our chat room just go to our website orangelounge.skie.cx and join
our chat room. It's really dead tonight. Only about half our regulars are here but you know I
Everybody's off-filling the Christmas spirit.
a couple weeks. That's good. I think you, right? Maybe not, maybe, maybe not? I discussed
this with her. It's a two hour drive each way, so that'd be a total of eight hours driving
on my part. We'll work something out, we'll figure something out. We'll figure something
out. We'll work it out somehow. But one eight hour drive we're going to be making, you and
me low-key this weekend, we're going to SoCal. We're going to SoCal! And we're going to hopefully
meet some of our regulars down there and get some interviews, because SoCal Kicks is foaming
to get the mouth wanting to get on the show, so we gotta go interview him at some point.
So Jamie, unfortunately, I have a cry because she has to work, she's not going to be able
to make it, so...
I'm going to be marathoning on to me.
Well that's cool.
And you never know, during the middle of whatever we have planned, somebody's cable might start
working again.
That's right, and...
You know, that goes back to the fuck yous of the week.
If you enjoy the fuck off shows that's happened here in the past, guess what, it's about to
get twice as big.
Again, depending on the cable.
The fucks are going to get twice as big from Jamie because you know how angsty she can
be.
Okay, alright.
Here we go.
We're going to play some DDR match game.
DDR.
So, we have our contestants, who does our contestants say?
Our contestants today are Vidpawa from Vegas, who I'm very impressed he got the bonus question
too.
And nobody else got the answer to the question, which by the way, what was the answer?
The answer was Vivaldi Winter from the Four Seasons.
Oh, here it is.
We have to explain for our new folks in the studio how to play this game because I don't think they've played a match game before.
Basically we've got phrases.
And on these phrases we have a blank on these phrases.
Basically it's like
I went to the mall and bought a blank.
Dildo! Hello Kitty vibrator!
You don't buy those at the mall.
You and I don't go to the same mall.
Unless you're in Vegas.
They have ones that glow in the dark. Like, you really want to see the inside.
Dude, I went to Sally's Beauty Supply to buy hair dye, and they had these things called hand massagers.
They look like vibrators.
It's like those little figure massagers you've seen infomercials before.
No, no, this one was dildo-ly.
Hand massager with dildo attachment.
And they were selling them for $3 at Sally's Beauty Supply.
I'm gonna make you holla!
Okay, yeah, it's time to start.
So we got our two contestants.
Now contestants, when you have an answer to fill in the blank with, you're going to message
those to me over private message, and the rest of you in the chat room that aren't playing,
you can still participate.
You can send your suggestions through the chat room, through the main chat room.
So go ahead and send those to us.
So here we go.
We're going to start, and all six of us are celebrities.
But first, we're going to have to introduce our lovely celebrities here on Orange Lounge
match game all right first celebrity up you know her and love her one day she's
going to get married attack in the middle of the ocean somewhere let's say
hello to dark Sakura all right next up our next celebrity he has the biggest
The biggest pornography collection in all of Sacramento, say hello to Loki!
Hey, I don't have the largest.
You don't have the largest?
No, I don't have the largest.
How about the third largest?
Next up, he likes the dogs more than he likes the pussies.
Say hello to Black Lab.
Yeah, I don't know why I didn't see that one for the...
Ba-dum-bum!
Next up, she's wearing an orange shirt in spirit of this, and she'll be
appearing next in the short film
World's Biggest Gangbang Part 69. No, I'm kidding, I don't know.
Say hello to Amanda.
Hi. You're mean, Rob.
I know, I know. It's what I do on the show.
You're big.
Lester, you've seen her working at your local, uh, 24-hour, uh, sensual shop.
Oh, dolivosa!
Viva, viva!
Say hello to Yana!
Hello!
Alright, those are our lovely celebrities today.
I just had an idea. I think we should have, like, a little counter or something for every time there's a reference to the porn.
You can, like, talk up the counter and we'll see what the highest number is by the end of the show.
Like, you can start doing that with the next live show.
The porn counter.
Like that is so South Park really
Can I do the first question now, here we go. All right, here's the first question for our folks in the chat room
the first question is
Nelson the newbie was so excited to be playing DDR in front of a big crowd of the DDR regulars
but he was really sad that when he picked love to me that everyone called
him a blank. Nelson the newbie was so excited to be playing DDR in front of a
big crowd of the DDR regulars, but he was really sad that when he picked love to
me that everyone called him a blank.
I'm just waiting on those answers in the chat real soon.
Everyone called him a blank.
The obvious answers are okay.
You guys can put the obvious answers in the one.
I think they're locked in.
They're locked in right now.
I'm just going to check and see if they're locked in.
Okay, I've got one.
Okay, I've got both answers.
I do have both answers locked in from the contestants.
I just need to make sure.
Stars!
Celebrities!
Are we ready?
You guys are ready?
Here we go. Here we go. Going around the room.
Let's see. Nelson the newbie was so excited to be playing DDR in front of a big crowd of the DDR regulars.
But everyone was really sad that when he picked love to me that everyone called him A.
Let's go to the contestants.
Vidpawa says old school freak. Everyone called him an old school freak.
That's too G rated. I don't know. We'll see.
SoCalKick says everyone called him an idiot.
Idiot. Alright, that's a little harsher.
That's more on our page.
Let's see if they get any matches.
We have idiot and old school freak.
Let's see, here we go.
Jamie, everyone called him a...
Dildo.
Dildo!
Oh, eh, sorry, that is not a match.
Loki, everyone called him a...
Cocksmoker.
Cocksmoker!
I'm sorry, that is not a match.
Black Lab! I said, Ass Hat! Ass Hat! Everyone called him an Ass Hat. No, I'm sorry, Ass Hat is not a match.
Amanda? I was like really drawn for a blank, so all I said was dork. Dork is a good answer, but not a match. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, contestants, not a match.
Yana said everyone called him a...
Fag!
A fag!
Everyone called him a fag, beautiful. And I said
that when he picked love to me that everyone called him a fag. I also put fag.
We have an in-house match!
So, um, but unfortunately it didn't match what the contestants put. But that would have been the answer.
That would have put you in the lead if you'd guessed fag, but unfortunately you did not.
so that is a
that is not a match i don't know if it's an answer of the last
i think it did
so you're putting bag is is usually pretty good pretty good way to get
points all right
this is the next question shall we
sammy the sim file builder was really excited to be participating in
tournaments three
but he was shocked to find that the site went down and he couldn't download any
files
He instead decided to go and download some blank.
Sammy the Sim File Builder was really excited to be participating in Tourney Mix 3, but
he was shocked to find that the site went down and he couldn't download any files.
He instead decided to go and download some blank.
See, I'm a decent file builder, really excited to be participating in T3, but he was shocked
to find out the site went down.
He couldn't download any files.
He instead decided to go download some blank.
Are all our celebrities locked in?
All right, all our celebrities are locked in.
Let's look at the, let me see if the contestants
are locked in.
Okay, great.
We do have our contestants in.
So are all the celebrities in, all our stars?
Yes, okay, everybody's in.
Okay, here we go.
The contestant said he instead decided to go
and download some SoCalKit says,
hidden camera DDR pad porn.
Upskirt cam.
Upskirt cam, like what?
All right, good answer.
mid power says
hardcore triple x lesbian emi prawn
ah so we have porn and prawn
all right beautiful
i'm sorry can you repeat that one?
if it was a seafood buffet i bet you wouldn't have a problem with it
all right here we go
let's check with the stars
It's a gimme! He decided to go and download some Plank.
Yowie hentai Pokemon fanart.
Yowie hentai Pokemon fanart. That was almost what I put, but I changed my answer, I have to say.
I almost put that.
Loki, your answer, please.
Well, it's a gimme, come on.
Porn, it's like... Do you need an excuse?
He went to go download some porn. Alright, is that a match? What do you think, Loki?
No, it's not, because they were frickin' stupid and specific, so damn good.
just say I'm sorry that half a point each for each of them all right half a
point each one flaccid point needs all right half a point so you get a full
point to distribute amongst you guys so you each have half a point dscs says
now he's disputing because he said he said porn you said hidden camera DDR pad
porn Loki did you say hidden camera DDR pad porn no camera so orange shit that's
That's not porn. You get half a point. Deal with it.
I think as far as Loki's concerned, if it fucks it works.
Alright, Black Lab, your answer, please.
I just went with something that I knew they wouldn't say, so I just said R.O.B.S.
You said what?
I said R.O.B.S.
Oh, R.O.B.S. I thought you said R.O.B.S. I'm like, what?
I have a website.
Sky.com?
I didn't know I had a website.
Oh, I'm sorry. My bad. I'm bringing out the Mr. Spanky voice. My bad.
All right. It's all tied up. Half a point each.
Amanda, what did you put?
I originally put porn, and I started saying, no, that's too general.
I just feel a little more specific, so I said barnyard porn.
Barnyard porn!
Word. Wonderful answer, unfortunately. Not a match.
Yana, what did he go download? He downloaded some...
Midget porno.
porno I'm sorry that is also not a match although I don't I don't know cuz you
know a lot of Asian people are pretty short and if you're doing the upskirt
camp I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I'm gonna get I'm gonna get smacked all right all right
my answer as I said I was trying to match Jamie but unfortunately I didn't
he decided to go download some Harry Potter yaoi okay I don't I don't mind
There are some things that I will not stand for to me, and this is something about ten-year-old boys.
No, I knew you weren't really going to put that, but I was hoping our contestants would.
Dude, you should have said, download naked pictures of Alan Rickman. I mean, come on.
That would have been, like, a definite match.
But I thought that, like, most Galleys, like, they look like they're ten years old as it is, the way they're drawn.
There are no naked pictures of Alan Rickman, also.
I'm getting smacked by the chat room for the short comment, by the way.
All these people that are Asian are hitting me.
I'm getting stabbed in the kneecaps. Help.
I'll stab them with the carrot.
Alright.
Alright, I'm just kidding you guys. Jesus.
Alright, here we go.
Next question. So it's tied up at half a point each. One flaccid point between them.
Our two contestants. So can I take some Vidpow at them?
Here's the next question. I think this is the next to last.
No, there is five questions. My apologies. There's five. This is the third question.
Dana the DDR-er was really excited to be going to her first DDR tournament.
She walked through the door to the arcade, looked around and said,
Wow! Everyone here looks like a blank.
Dana the DDR-er was really excited to be going to her first DDR tournament.
She walked through the door of the arcade, looked around and said,
wow, everyone here looks like a blank.
Okay, I have mine.
I don't know, Jamie, what do you think? I think it's funny.
Go for it. Okay, go for it.
This is going to get really wrong. All right, here we go.
Do we have both of our contestants locked in? Are we all ready? Are we all ready in the house?
Oh, Black Lab is still working. Well, let's see if the contestants are locked in. Let's see.
Okay, this is going to be interesting.
How many people are we going to offend with this segment? How many people are we about to
everybody locked in?
black lab is still working, he's slow, that's alright
he's the brat summers of the show, she was always the last one to lock in
by the way, the reason to have the game show network is for a 70's match game
oh, you're in?
no, the reason to have the game show network is press your luck, hello
word, word
the whammy owns me when it sucks
Alright, here we go. The question is, Dana the DDR was really excited to be going to
her first DDR tournament. She walked through the door to the arcade, looked around and
said, wow, everyone here looks like a, VidPower says, fag. DSCS SoCalKick says, wow, everyone
here looks like a fag. They both put the same thing, they both put fag. Let's see if they're
going to get any matches on this. Jamie walked through the door and said, wow, everyone here
looks like a poo-flinging monkey because they're playing Para Para. A poo-flinging
monkey! No, I'm sorry, that is not the answer. Loki! She walked through the door to the tournament,
looked around and said, wow, everyone here looks like a... I have to apologize ahead
of time for the comment that I'm going to make to fill in the blank. I do not mean to
defend anybody, but the way it came out, the first thing it came to my head, okay, and
I'm not racist or anything like that.
Alright, alright.
Wow, everyone here looks like a Sweaty Jack.
Yeah, Sweaty Jack, that's what I said.
Sorry.
Oh my.
Not a match, unfortunately.
Not a match.
I try to be orange, like orange lamp.
uh... boy policy now you can smack low-key you can address those cards and
letters
all right okay black lab
i have been around and said wow everyone here looks like uh...
uh... sweaty big guy
i mean i think that's the best i could come up with his own i had something
else in mind but i
a sweaty big alright so a little a little more a g_-rated and uh... and uh...
friendly to all our... all our friends. Amanda. Dana the DDRter was really excited to be going
to her first DDR tournament. She walked through the door to the arcade, looked around and
said, wow, everyone here looks like a... Once again, I have to apologize for this. I've
been out of the team for a while, but I had to take them home. A while ago. A split wannabe.
Wow, everyone here...
Which, you know...
I say give him half a point, Eve, for that comment.
That was good.
Is the other thing...
Amanda gets a zing! That's one zing!
Yes! A zing!
And actually, the other thing, I always think he was going to say,
that everyone was a tool.
Because he says that so much.
I've got a lot of laughter in the chat room, what can you say?
All right.
I feel like they deserve half a point each for their answer.
So we're going to up them to one.
Okay, one full point a piece.
They've got one full point a piece.
Beautiful.
Zing cat.
Yana.
Wow, everyone here looks like a?
Hairy penis with crabs.
A hairy penis with crabs?
That was lovely.
I tried.
I mean, actually...
No.
No, I haven't.
It's like a penis with, like, a fro or something, you know?
Oh, my God.
answer. I have a furball in my mouth. She walked through the door to the arcade, looked
around and said, wow, everyone here looks like a fag. I did put fag. So they get two
points each. The two of three out of Ross' answers are very gay. Well, you know. Alright,
here we go. Two more questions left here on Orantan's Mask Game. I lied, there's actually
So they each have two points, not bad.
Better than last time.
They've matched half a time each.
I can't believe you came in that half point. I know we're going to get hate mail off that one.
And Amanda got a zing.
Alright, your next question.
Loki and Sky took a trip to SoCal this next weekend.
They decided that their first stop definitely had to be blank.
Lokee and Skye took a trip to SoCal. They decided that their first stop definitely had to be blank.
I have mine already.
What's the first stop?
They decided that their first stop definitely had to be Blaine.
One of our contestants has absolutely no idea how to answer this question.
question
low-key and sky took a trip to socal next week and they decided that their first
stop definitely had to be blank. It doesn't have to be a specific place.
We have both our contestants locked in. Are all of our studio celebrities locked in?
One of our studio celebrities ran away from this show. That's kind of scary.
What?
He'll be back in a sec.
Okay.
How about you guys?
You guys locked in?
Ready?
Oh, you're debating on an answer.
Ooh, he's back in!
Oh, he's got the Raybar stick.
Is he the one who came back to get someone?
Dude, you've got a Raybar stick.
No, wave it around and change the color.
Woo!
That's cool.
That's pretty.
Wait, wait, turn off the light, Yana.
Turn off the light.
Turn off the light.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Oh, dude, yeah!
Dude, I want one too.
Yeah, I want one, too.
That's pretty rad.
Amazing seizure.
Amazing seizure action.
Okay, let's turn the light back on.
Are all our celebrities locked in?
Yes, here we go.
Loki and Sky took a trip to SoCal.
Their first stop definitely had to be...
SoCalKix says,
SoCalKix's place.
Yeah!
Surprise, shock of socks.
By the way, no.
Vidpawa...
Vidpawa says,
beautiful beautiful i love the show
uh...
next is uh... low-key yes low-key and sky decided to go to southern california
their first stop had to be bathroom fuck it's an eight hour drive
the bathroom beautiful but not a match
black lab
okay their first stop had to be
uh... i kind of favorite what they did it
but for all the reasons other than
all while
doing that is a match
that's it
that he had servers that we get a drug enough maybe
uh... if you're going to fight over female strippers
that if you get a straight now
says low-key we do
alright so that's a match 3 to 2 all of it powers upset but there's no chance
to match the power don't be too upset
don't worry Amanda I first stop had to be
IHGP International House of Gay Porn
Amanda says did you hear that Loki? Amanda says our first stop is going to be the
International House of Gay Porn
IHGP
I don't know if you've ever seen this in West Hollywood, there's a gay superstore and it
says GAY SUPERSTORE in big print and under that, parking and rear.
Where every gay man's dream is.
Alright, Yana, Sky and Loki went to SoCal Kicks, their first stop had to be...
The Dildo Factory.
The Dildo Factory!
Oh, I'm sorry, what? None of them hear what?
We said once to SoCal, you said SoCal kicks.
Whatever, I'm going to crack today.
okay so yeah i'm sorry that's not a match the dildo factory wallet brilliant
answer is not a match
my answer was
i was i was thinking along very similar lines as somebody else here in the
studio that our first stop definitely had to be i put a gas station because
yes we're gonna have to pay
this is an eight hour drive
unfortunately not a match so so cal kicks is ahead by a score of three to
two
so vidpower vidpower is going to need this next one
This is it. This is it. This is the last question.
You need to match on this, okay?
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go. Here we go.
Jamie was really irritated by her co-workers one day.
We're talking this Jamie right here in the house.
Jamie was really irritated by her co-workers one day.
Yeah, screw them.
She decided the best way to get her revenge was to put some blank in her radio.
Jamie was really irritated by her co-worker some day.
decided the best way to get her revenge was to put some blank in her radio.
Okay, you want to tell that story about the Light FM?
My work, my boss, and I like the people I work with, but they listen to the light FM all day.
Like, they play Celine Dion all day, and Richard Marx, and Brian Adams.
And they don't play the good Brian Adams songs. They played Heaven once, that was cool, but they don't play any of the other good songs.
which really has one other good song which is number 69
what about that
uh... the one from robin hood
they play that all day
that plays sucks all of us celebrities watch him
and then there's the people outside our office that play loud rap
like modern rap not like
is there a good idea to get through
no
I love this quote here, I'm reading Happy Noodle Boy, and it says,
I'm going to fly into your butt, prepare all asses for vicious entry.
Next week, on Orange Launch Radio.
I've got a sound clip of Loki.
I, I, I handed him my Johnny the Homicidal Maniac.
I can just see it now, the replacing, since the, um,
For the life of me, I can't get the hookers to have sex with me, I'm just kinda lost with them.
By the way, speaking of Johnny the homicidal maniac, um, we're still taking, I think, auditions for, uh, the, uh, zombie day.
I think, I don't know, officials in the chat room, let us know.
Um, but send in your, your sound clip auditions to, uh, to, uh, me.
Alright. Cool!
And they can reach you through the show email address.
Yes.
If they need to. orangelaunchradio.com.
Yes.
Alright, here we go.
Jamie was really irritated by her co-workers one day. She decided the best way to get her revenge was to put some blank in her radio.
VidPower dedicates its answer to EOSVB and says, I'm going to say Propel. If it's a Propel in a radio, that would probably blow up the radio.
That would tear up my radio.
Zokowkik says he's going to put some yaoi moaning CDs in her radio.
Moan.
No, we're not putting in the gravitation soundtrack.
Alright Jamie, best way to get some revenge on the co-workers, you're going to put some...
Korean booty music.
Korean booty music in the radio.
Which I have done before.
I'm sorry, not a match. Good answer.
Well, that's because I've done it.
Oh yeah, okay. Very good answer.
The only answer, really.
All the others are just one of these.
Okay Loki, she decided to put some plank in her radio.
okay i was going to say yurvi koka but that doesn't make any sense so
bagpipe music bagpipe music i've done that before too
brilliant but not a match black lab she's gonna put some
i said the bad tack music the bad tack music
i there's no there's things exactly i have played
tack by the way my ultimate tak cd in the office before so far
there's been internal matches pretty good there's going to be the uh 12
minute version of stoic
i'd rather listen to albert kirk even listen to
listen to a 12-minute stoic all right okay amanda what is she gonna put in a
radio i just understood the question that's okay
that's okay amanda we forgive you anyway what does she put in a radio
I'm thinking this is more of a way of destruction than anything.
Oh, okay. Well, Jamie's pretty destructive.
So, um, cherry bomb juice and vanilla sauce and vanilla coke.
You own, thank you.
That's very close to propel, but unfortunately not close enough.
It's my second happy crack.
I'm just thinking you put it in the radio and that way it kind of short circuses and blows up.
It was pretty frightening, the songs actually were like, there was this one about them talking
And it was this weird country type song and it was just strange.
It was like Dolly Parton's there too. It was scary.
Okay, well, Yana, it's your turn.
Oh crap. Alright, Yana.
You need to stop quoting that in the middle of nowhere like that.
Anyway, the Hamster Dance speed version.
No, they used to have that on their site where you could actually speed up the music and it played twice as fast.
And it was, like, god awful.
in a radio actually actually there has been voluntary coming out of my radio
yeah because it was on my fifth so unfortunately not a match which means by
a score of three to two so Cal kicks is the winner so a wiener is you this is
less. Congratulations. Yay, you! Vidpowah, good effort. Congrats, you! You know what,
two points I believe is better than anyone did last week. That's true! So that's something
to be proud of. Now, no, 23magus I believe got a point at the end and I was a big liar
and I said his prize would be he'd get his name in lights on the website and that never
happened because I'm lazy. So we'll think of, we'll probably do them both. We'll send
them a cookie. Maybe we'll send him a special Orange Lounge present. And since we're going
to SoCal next week and we could very well be bumping into SoCalCakes, we'll give SoCalCakes
a nice little Orange Lounge present too. We'll give him an orange. Yes. I'm sorry, Black
Eye? I think he wants something else. 23rd Magus is very sad that I never put his name
in lights the whole time. We'll give him a cookie. We'll give him a cookie, so shut up.
These are better.
Bloody fuck monkeys, refuse my request of love.
Here's this blood feud ends, grand pappy.
Grand pappy rub my feet.
Me feet's grand pappy.
On that note, I believe it is a very good time to go to a break.
Yes, we have the wit and lore of Happy Noodle Boy.
That's one of our longest statements ever.
Shit.
We'll be right back after some...
More trainwreck.
More trainwreck.
Let's uh...
We'll play this one to start off this break. Enjoy. We'll be right back in a little bit.
Have a mouthful here, same old country rhyme
And the words have been repeated
Well I love
Where would you be now?
Well I love
When the snow is from this roof
Down along this ramp
So I know that the best thing is
For me coming back
I'm coming back with my love
Where would you be right now?
With my love
If the music never came to the base I'm forming it
Forming it, forming it, forming it, forming it
And now DJ Listz starts rocking it
Rocking it, rocking it, rocking it, rocking it
I'll be with my love
Where would you be right now?
Tears, they're running in the hyper
I'm gonna run and see what's on the mic, yeah
Let it go, everybody move along
Move along, move along
Well, again, I'm all essential
And the sound will sense the breeze
The dimples push in my mind
Cause I know they're robbing me
Of my love
Where would you be right now?
Not at night now
I forget that that's the bad MP3 and I can't play that one, so we're gonna go to the next
song right away here.
We're gonna play some stuff from Poppin' Music Mickey.
This shit rules.
Enjoy.
What?
What, Logie?
And there's also a song off the Nintendo 64 version of Disney's radio.
Cool.
If we weren't in the show starting right away we'd be in the audience too.
In the Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Room.
In the Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Room.
All the birds sing words and the flowers prune in the Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Room
The bird of paradise is an elegant bird
It likes to be seen and it loves to be heard
Most little birdies will fly away
But the Tiki Tiki Birds are here every day
In the ticky, tricky, tricky, tricky room
In the ticky, tricky, tricky, tricky room
All the birds sing words and the flowers groom
But d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d Farnham
A fine musician, fun and dancing are the first requisition
Music in the key, a piece in harmony
The world all together and that's the way it has to be
Moving to the beat, there were shoes on the street
100,000 lots of funky things to go through
Singing in the house, who looks up house?
A window and a mickey and you see what it's about
I, I make it
I'm busting and rolling
I, I make it
I'll show you about the way it feels
I, I, I make it
Oh, too, I want you to play me
I, I, make it home, home, home
Yeah, the Disney prop is coming at ya
Head him off at the park, homie
Uh, I mean, homie?
Yeah!
Now anyone can tell you when you're looking for fun
He's the mouse with the monkeys, he's the only one
But you're supposed to be cool, standing by, what's the last?
You see, only nice to do it, so you can leave your head up in
I, I, make it home
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
The server made a bit of a fight in the head.
The server made a bit of a fight in the head.
The server made a bit of a fight in the head.
You're so bad.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome to our nightmare.
Now you said you had an impersonation you wanted to do for us.
Yes, Yana?
Oh, yes. It's Mickey Mouse having sex.
Oh, oh, oh, Minnie!
Pluto, what you doing down there?
Oh, oh, don't stop now.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, keep going Pluto! Act like it's a hot dog! Oh yeah! Lick that mustard right off, baby!
Oh yeah! Oh, hi Minnie!
I'm not cheating on you!
OrangeLunchRadio, how low can you go? How low?
So low!
That was cool.
It was an error, why?
I'm dismayed. We need to do our Fuck Yous of the Week.
We're going to do our Fuck Yous of the Week?
Yeah.
Okay, well then let me close up all the windows so I can get folks to send me their F Yous of the Week.
You want to send those on over to me over private message, or you can send them to our email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
But before the Fuck Yous of the Week, maybe we ought to, because I need a little time to get the music queued up,
maybe now is a good time to do the Sim Update?
Sim Update.
Sim Update.
Okay. Um, let's see. Big news this week, of course, is that Turning Mix 3, it's, uh, all the files are up to download. Oh, wait, you can't because the server's clogged. Sorry. Ah.
So, now they're all up to download, but you're one of the lucky ones that's able to actually get through and you can download over a hundred different DWIs.
They ended up having, like I said, 100 entries come in for heavy, so they bumped down 70 of those down to standard, I guess.
Really don't understand the point of it because, I mean, they say it's because of the fact that they only wanted 30 in heavy, but I think they're just putting the names of people that they actually recognize in there and bumping down everyone else.
Uh, did you make the cut?
No, I got bumped down.
Don't!
It doesn't matter at all because no one can play any of the files right now, so hah.
Bitter, table for one, bitter.
And, big news on my site, LeechFromLoki.com, or.tk is going to become one of the largest sim file sites ever.
Ever.
Ever. I got, um, DDR Alama from DDR Maniacs has given me unlimited space and unlimited bandwidth to do with whatever I want.
So now, you will be able to find LeechFromLoki.tk at the new address, which is not yet up, but it will be www.WillDDRForFood.com, or.net, slash LeechFromLoki.
I'm sorry, did I hear that right? WillDDRForFood.com?.net.
.net.
And I will have everything. I've got, right now in my collection, I have 1,800 sim files, so all those will be going up.
And then, of course, the tourney mix stuff and whatever else I can throw up there.
Evary thing.
Evary thing, yes. Everything that's going to be fixed. I have to fix everything to make sure it's all working correctly.
But, yeah, so I have to do a complete redesign of the site, and that might take a while, so, you know.
In the meantime, well, there is a few updates on my site, but I haven't really linked those to the main page yet, so you won't see them, unless I've told you so.
Oh well.
Other than just the simp file stuff, not too much going on other than Turning Mix 3.
That's pretty much the big thing.
Of course, I already mentioned earlier in the show, but if anyone that just joined us
may get in and get warned, it's getting pushed back to two weeks from now because of our site going down.
23rd Magus would like to know if we can do a live step file review at some point.
That's a good idea. I can't set it up tonight because I don't have the resources, because what happens is if I load the emulator on this computer, the show crashes.
Or we get a lot of drops. We get a lot, a lot of drops, so I can't do it.
But what we can do is one night we'll get my roommate to log into his system, and we can do a set file review on his computer.
Maybe we'll review... We'll do our own take on some of the TourneyMix 3 entries. What do you think?
Alright, here's the funny thing. Some people are getting pissed off that they can't download their own files.
So they're putting their files up on DNR maniacs to download for other people.
Well, unfortunately, stupid people out there, that disqualifies you. Ha ha.
So, you get to try the nice sim files out there, but they're going to be disqualified for all you to post them.
They will be up all this week, so maybe try back later this week.
Another thing is DDRPC. We were expecting a new character pack, but unfortunately there's not.
Which makes me think that's going to be a Christmas themed one that will be released on Christmas.
So, look for that.
Aw, how cute.
It's going to be Bondage Santa.
Mr. Spanky needs a partner!
Okay, so Amanda's on the phone, and is that it for some updates?
That's it, I think.
Okay.
We need a Miss Spanky.
If we're going to have a Mr. Spanky, we need a Miss Spanky.
Have you guys ever seen Mr. Spanky, the DDR character?
There's a new DDR character named Mr. Spanky.
I know you've been out on the scene for a little while, Amanda.
But, okay, Amanda's going, what the hell are you talking about?
Okay, hold on, let me load it up.
I'm going to be bondage-able.
Bondable on the, with leather straps.
Yeah, it's for a PC version.
PC version of DDR that Konami Hawaii put out, and they say that they have downloadable characters, but nobody plays enough characters.
Oh, I thought they've rearranged the page a little bit. I thought they did. No, I guess not.
I thought there were only one more set to download. Anyway, there's Mr. Spanky right there, Amanda.
Oh my.
It's that bad.
Alright, it's even worse in audio.
Yes, it's even worse in audio.
Mr. Spanky is a regular on our show, though.
He does.
What do you think of Zach?
He gives our love advice. I'm a lesbian.
Oh.
Well, what do you think of Alice?
She likes Robin.
I like my girlfriend.
Alright, whatever. She can't even get you to cyber flirt. Anyway.
Hey, I fuckin' miss my Alice on my DDR characters, okay?
Fuckin' name my car after her, shit.
That someone set on fire, correct?
Backseat, yes.
Someone set Amanda's- Someone set Alice on fire, isn't that sad?
Yes, um, so when are we gonna get onto the fuck yous?
Amanda's- Wow, I think Amanda's really eager for this. What do you think, Jamie?
Let's go to the fuck yous.
Let's go to the fuck yous, indeed. Here we go.
Okay, my first Fuck You in the Week actually goes to my belt, which, um, it's one of those
neat ones that you get at, I got it at Torrid, and, uh, it has, uh, these, uh, leather, uh,
long leather laces that hang down the sides, and one of them broke off, so there's, you
know, the $18 one for.
Um, my other one goes toward, again, Roseville Goughland, but everyone heard the rant earlier.
And actually, even more so it goes for that manager who missed, and Steve, who runs the place.
That's a good one.
Eat our collective pussy.
Yeah! No, I'm sorry. I actually, if I'm going to have something get near my pussy, it won't be done.
Zing!
Okay, I only use, I only prefer high quality equipment, thank you.
NOT BROKEN LIKE THEY ARE.
Okay. Anyway.
Next, um...
What did I say my other one was?
I kinda got less thanks to you for a while.
Um...
I don't remember.
Anyone call me some place?
Oh, that's kinda shitty.
Oh, what about your cheating thing?
Yeah, my tooth!
This is sorta half bad, half good.
Um, after eating a delicious dinner of, you know, sesame chicken over rice, um...
I'm walking over to Target and my mouth starts to hurt and I feel back to my back left molar
and there's a big break in it!
Yay, I'm happy.
So I'm hurting all day and the broken parts are rubbing up against the skin and my mouth
is really hurting.
So I had an emergency visit with my dentist next day and my dentist is awesome.
It turned out that the tooth that was broken was one of my wisdom teeth and not one of
my molars, which was a good thing, because the wisdom teeth needed to go anyway.
They were slightly impacted and probably stuck on my other teeth.
So I went in, had the tooth out.
This is what sucks is that I didn't have a way to get there, and I had to walk in the
rain to the bus stop, wait 30 minutes in the rain.
While your mouth was bleeding.
No, that was before the wind was blowing.
And then I get down there, and then it's still raining when I have to come back and walk
from the train from the other bus stop and the whole time is my mouth is bleeding from where the
you know i've got my mouth full of gauze i get home and i'm tired and then this is what amazes
me is how many people were telling me oh you should take it easy i felt fine it's just a tooth
i'm telling you though you didn't go under and you only had one done but when i went under and
had all four done i was out for 24 hours you did not talk to me i did not exist to you but after
After that I was fine, so I could see that part.
I'm gonna have them leave me awake for my other grief. All they're gonna do is just rub my mouth up.
Well, I actually, when I had mine removed, I had all four out at once, but they put me under both the IV and the gas anesthetic, so I could get knocked out.
I'm not having an IV.
Well, they knocked me out cold for an hour to get all four of my teeth out, and I was so wasted afterwards from all the painkillers.
I was pretty much dead for my entire spring break that year.
So I was pretty tired. I went to work the next day and I was really exhausted.
They didn't expect much of anything from me.
When I got mine out at 15, actually I was fine. They put me out.
They gave me the gas and the IV.
Pretty much got home. I was sitting in the car.
My dad was waiting for me at the hot show and my ice cap came out.
So I was putting pink cups on my teeth because they were cold.
Pretty much got home, and I was talking to my friends, I was feeling fine, and the next day I was well up about twice what I should be.
So if any of those of you are listening who need your wisdom teeth out, and they tell you don't talk afterwards, don't talk.
Because they forgot to tell me, and I did, so.
This is what sucks about all the work I need done. I need my other three wisdom teeth out, and then I have a broken molar next to my right.
I actually have to have a root canal, it has to be a crown, it has to be a crown, and I
have to shave part of the bone off of my mouth.
So that sucks.
So fuck my teeth.
I mean, not nuts.
No.
Yeah, I'm not allowed to suck anything.
So, you know.
Nor can I spit, so.
don't take care of what you're not a lot of stuff for a few days right yeah i'm
not a lot of stuff
not nor can i
the whole of the
useless
let's do it
i think
it's bittersweet
uh...
or sucks there's not going to be swallowed
i decided to add over
on the high
on the I.V. thing because you said that you won't do the I.V.
You know, I didn't know they were going to do an I.V. on me, so a really, really late
fuck you to the people who did my surgery, what they did, they distracted me, they had
a nurse on the left talking to me, and I'm like, yeah, duh duh duh duh duh, and then
like, okay, we're just going to put some alcohol in your hand, duh duh duh duh duh, and then
all of a sudden, I feel this little prick on my right side, I look, they fucking stuck
the I.V. in me, and I feel it, all on my arm, get in my brain, I'm out.
I cannot have an IV because I will bruise very badly.
When they did my IV, they told me I had a week at a time that I was going to get it.
But I mean, those things don't do that quick.
They put the gas on me, and it took about a minute, and my fingers started getting tingly in the IV, and they were like,
countdown from 100. And I was like, I'm not even going to try. And I was like, how did
I finish that sentence? It was quick. I'm going to ask them actually if I can stay awake
for a second. Wow. Because I would rather be. Well, they're going to numb my mouth anyway,
right? Yeah, it's still, yeah, when you're unconscious, it's a lot easier. You know what?
I fell asleep when I was having five killings done. But Jamie's a trooper. It was not, it
It was, well, I know that he hit a nerve on one of them, because the nerve went numb, it was one of the major nerves in my mouth that I saved, you know, I got so good.
I gotta jump in here, I know you probably got some more fuck you's in here, but, oh, that's it? Okay, because I want to get to Amanda and Yana because they gotta go soon, so I wanted to go ahead and let them jump in with RFU's of the Week, because they've never got to do this before, so Amanda.
I know this isn't really a fuck you song, but I know it's Amanda's like favorite video series.
Not anymore?
Not really.
Oh, I'm sorry.
it is a fuck you song, because you don't like it anymore, I'm sorry.
No, I don't like it, it's not as good.
Okay, I love you here. So these are belated, but that's okay.
Onyana's part. Fuck you to the doctors who told her her sling was swelled up and made her go to the hospital emergency room.
She had to get surgery to get it, you know, operated on, when there was nothing wrong,
except she had a sinus infection and strep throat and she was dehydrated.
Who was it, Kaiser?
Um, no, it was Jackson County.
Um...
Oops, sorry.
Anyway, um...
That's alright.
And fuck you to the people who burned the back of my car!
I stole, um, Yana's stuff out of my car.
Fuck you to Costco just because I work there, and um...
They make me work all the time, and...
But they have good wieners.
No comment, I don't like hot dogs.
Oh, the chicken bake?
I know I have several other fuck yous.
Fuck you to
Sonoma County police officers
to call me on the thing and give me a CD ticket.
How fast?
I was going 80, but he clocked me for 75 because he actually asked me how fast I was going.
How fast I thought I was going. Well, you know, those slides I looked down, I saw it was about 75.
And believe it or not, well actually I was going 80, but guess what he clocked me at.
Fortunately, though, the police officer was very nice. It wasn't actually him himself.
more
fuck the law
thank you
um
fuck you to very other people who shall rename nameless
I'm not gonna be listening anyway
what did they do to you?
oh just the general public
fuck the general public that doesn't listen to orange clouds
well let's see
well hang on
I shall return, hang on
Why don't you know, just fuck you to, um, Y'all Never Made Jamie, because...
No, not you, not you, not you.
This is, um, Miss P.
Oh, Princess.
Yes.
What did, what did she do now?
What has she done?
Who hasn't she done? Alright.
No, well, that's, well, like, no, he's just...
He's just a terrifying, terrifying person.
I've, I've met, uh, Princess P a couple times, and, uh...
Interesting, interesting character.
Yes.
Alright.
Is that all your Fuck You?
Oh, oh, oh, no, there's one more.
Jamie kind of waving the little Raybar wand reminded me.
Fuck You to Carl Hills who was once part of Cool World
who at one of our recent LiveScapes events
ran off with our door money
and at the second event actually got a broken, sorry,
changed our voicemail around and locked us out of our own voicemail
and later said on their, oh well, I don't even know where this party is, and basically made it so that no one showed up for the party,
and he went and sent our company under.
So, fuck you to Cool World and Carl Hills.
And Cool World, just because I suck.
Carl Hills, he says, he just sucks fat dick. That's all it is.
He's got nothing better to do than steal a lot of people's money and have nothing.
He just sucks. That's fucking it. He sucks.
Boycott Planet New Year, thank you.
I was going to ask Yana if she had any XTF Usability.
Yeah, I just want to say fucking Jamie.
Not this Jamie, not this Jamie.
No. Missed. Missed one.
Tucky. We call it Tucky.
Tucky.
Tucky.
Nothing comes out of his mouth. When he talks, you hear nothing but Tucky, Tucky, Tucky.
Tucky, Tucky, yeah.
Yeah, that's about it. I mean, it's like it's like watching Charlie Brown you
From his mouth is just nothing but thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
tampon, thank you
Okay, you know, I just don't understand
He's so fucking annoying okay, he's like really hairy
I don't know. It looks like a drag queen that just has too much hair on him. You know, it looks really sad because he has too much hair on him.
I'm trying to figure out what's scarier. Are we coming down to his sheet or his towel?
I think both.
He's scarier than the other.
I think it's the purple towel.
No, what it is is his towel doesn't even fit on him.
Yes.
It's so scary. It's like, dude, don't come out.
I have to say, at least the sheet covers more.
Okay, and when he takes a bath, it's just beyond the film, okay?
It's just really nasty.
You're listening to orange lesbian radio.
I don't think none of them, 20 of them, though.
That would really suck if they did, though.
But anyways, yeah, I like to say fuck you to, uh, yeah, Jamie.
Oh, ok.
And fuck you to Pepsi too!
I hate Pepsi!
Anything else here?
I covered the Sock or Two Dizzy or Whole Sling thing already for you.
Oh yeah, and never ever trust like the...
What is it?
The county?
No, because the county really sucks.
Okay, check this out. I go to the county clinic and I'm just there to get some like, some kind of medicine. Just to get rid of my cold, right?
And the guy's just like, taking a look at my stomach. He's like, your spleen's falling out.
He gets another second of pain and he's like, your spleen's falling out.
Oh yeah, and um, fuck you to the doctors who actually decided to do a pregnancy test on Yana after she...
Yes, I am pregnant by my woman's tongue.
After, she told them that she was a virgin and a lesbian, so yeah, um, we're doing March.
Immaculate conception, you never know. Yana could be carrying the baby Jesus. We have to check.
No, Rob, Rob.
I am the next Virgin Mary.
Rob, Rob, we're doing March.
Yeah, we're...
You know, what, what I'm saying is, it, it really sucks before people just like, they don't have enough, no, no money whatsoever, right?
They go to these planks just to get this freakin' stupid checkup, and they send them to UC Davis where they have no fuckin' money, okay?
I'm the best with a $6,000 fuckin' phone bill!
Not phone bill, but...
If people wonder why I don't go to the doctor anymore unless I'm dying...
Yo...
Well, they told me my spleen was swelled up, so why am I supposed to need to sit there and have a seizure on the cable?
We gotta make sure that Jamie's not carrying the baby Jesus F either, so we gotta give her a pregnancy.
There ain't nothin' immaculate about me!
Beautiful.
Ding!
Well, if you have that comment, then I don't know how you want it. He's kinda ragnana.
What's that? It's about being immaculate?
I am a virgin, okay? And it was really hard for him to just do a pelvic exam.
And I mean, it was scary because it sounded like every typical straight guy out there trying to get sex with a woman.
It's going to be easy, it's going to, I'm not going to hurt you, it's just, I'm just going to do this, do that, and you know what?
It's going to be quick and simple.
Guys, you know what? I asked her, what's that?
Maybe you're rich, but you're far from the inoculant.
I'm just going to take this cold hard little tool here.
I sneak it right up inside you.
Guys make the worst gynecologists.
Let me tell you something. When the guy was actually
almost going to do the pelvic exam, right? He was like asking me
I don't know how to do dirty jokes or anything.
Just to make you really calm. But the girl next to me, she's like
I'm like looking at her like, you dumb fuck, what the hell are you doing here?
But then I asked a guy, I was like, you know, I asked him, I said, yeah, I got one joke
for you.
What does a gynecologist and a pizza delivery guy have in common?
They both can smell it, but they can't eat it.
That joke went in.
all of that you'll just want to show
i'm speechless
you guys got any of the little rants left to do
no not really
but you can
but you can
through the kind of work with the packet
that it's a good thing it's a good
I mean, obviously this guy's got more internet access into his mouth than ever.
Well, he's got a mustache to hide all the stretch marks, okay?
If you see any gay guys out there, okay, I am a lesbian. Let you guys know.
My imagination just broke.
I'm sorry.
But no, just to let you guys know, if you ever guys...
If you guys ever go to the basses or anywhere, any gay club, and see some guy with like a
really bad mustache, okay, he's got more stress on you than this bunch of stupid guys.
Okay?
I'm sorry.
But, yeah, anyway, maybe even mustaches for added pleasure.
And with that, we do have to take off because I'm really hungry.
I like how the only thing distinctly Bamani related about this segment is the music playing
is the music playing in the background.
Thank you.
You are so kind.
I can just kiss you, but no, I can't.
Here, lick my chocolate nipple.
Thank you, the official Lesbians of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys very much for being here.
We appreciate it.
Yes, this crazy one here.
My name is Jonna, and we'll be back soon, just like, you know, put a little bit in my show.
She'll be back next weekend, two drink minimum, don't forget to tip your waitress.
Yeah.
She'll have more jokes.
It will be like the next Howard Stern, you know, but a little bit more better, okay?
Amanda, thank you for being with us, and, uh, wow.
Hi. Or, bye, yes. Time for me to go.
Wait, wait, wait. You know what? I have to say this to all the people that are listening to this.
Okay, don't picture it. Just have it inside your head, okay?
Monkey-fuck-people-ball.
Thank you, dear.
Twitch?
There had to be one big monkey.
Anyway, thank you, my ladies, for being here.
Good night, have a good night.
I can make you copy that, we'll be in touch.
I can't do it right now because we're broadcasting, but I'll get you one later in the week.
Okay. All right, bye. Take care.
All right.
Here we go.
Moving right along.
Oh, did you have any FUs, Jamie?
Um...
I don't know about any more, because she's always got a lot.
Um, um, um...
I'd like you to my strange addiction to dark chocolate.
Alright, moving on to Loki.
I don't know how to follow that.
I'm not a lesbian, I can't follow that.
Oh well.
Um, Steve, you know my regular refuse of the week.
Uh, stupid drivers, stupid people.
People that talk to me.
People will talk to me that you don't know in person, people who work behind the counters, Golf Land, and Nickel City for not having anything there and making me drive down there to go check it out and there's nothing there.
So that. Yeah, they make you pay $2 to get in. I'm thinking, ooh, there might be an upstairs and an downstairs. Nope, what you see is what you got.
But, it was...
Anyways, so, uh, you have to do that.
You have to do the CDR, uh, East Coast Invasion for thinking that their servers could actually handle people leeching 100 sim files.
Why are you fucking stupid or something?
That's never gonna work.
It never worked last time, but it's not gonna work this time.
So, you have to do them.
And, that's all I've got for you right now.
I have to do the stupid movie gallery, the store, the chain that I deal with because they're all frickin' southern.
Stupid.
Okay, fine. They're Midwestern and stupid.
Alright, and uh...
Yeah, I know there's too much more than going.
I have to do the stupid Del Taco for...
It makes me feel sick.
Yeah.
That's it.
Alright, moving on to Black Lab.
You feel like you just swallowed a machete?
Yeah.
I thought... This isn't my...
I'm sorry, I forgot Irony. Hold on, I'll find you music. Working on it, working on it, working on it.
Alright, here we go.
Okay, now that it's on, let's see...
Actually, surprisingly, I have very little to rant about this week because I've actually had a good week.
I got away from school. I got to see my girlfriend for the first time in six months.
I hate the rain, especially when I have to drive in it.
the rain, especially when I have to drive in it. I think I'm coming off my sugar high
now. That sucks. I'll eat dark chocolate, please.
That's it? You usually email me like ten FUs a week and you come to the station, you get
to be here, be a part of the show experience, you can only come up with two lousy FUs.
you make that jack right
i'd like to see him cry
that i could pocket for it
that's it
if you don't want to know
yeah i don't think i have anything
all right
my if you really
i'd like to uh... give a big if you'd my mother
i was at the house today
I was making a payment because we have an insurance plan under both of our names so
that I get a better rate because I have an accent on my record, they don't.
And I still say, F U, that accent was not my fault.
You were speeding, you son of a bitch.
I don't care if I have the stop sign.
My F U goes to my mom because when I went to make a payment, I get a phone call about
two hours later.
Did you go through the Christmas presents when you were here?
Somebody shipped a Christmas present!
Somebody shipped it to Christmas and it's all wrong!
No, I did not go through the Christmas presents.
Are you sure? You're lying to me. Why are you laughing?
I'm laughing because you're being a dumbass.
Yeah, F you.
You ask me that every year. Every damn year you ask me if I shake the Christmas presents.
I don't care. Christmas got old, you know, once I left house. You know, I don't get what I want
anymore. I get clothes.
I don't know why, but for some strange reason, it's like I cannot come up with anything that
I want for Christmas anymore. It's like, why am I not being my usual greedy self? Normally,
I have a list of like twenty things that I would want, which I don't, and well, I don't
And yet, this year, I come up with, like, two things. And they're things that I would need. It's like, my change in mentality is really upsetting me.
Alright, I got, like, a little smaller for you, because they're a complete more or less. Um, I've ever, okay, I bought, I went out and bought showreels because my girlfriend wants to see them.
Yes.
You should have borrowed it for me.
That's alright, it's only 8 bucks. I really don't, it doesn't matter.
So anyways, so I bought Showgirls, so it's huge, and I wanted to watch it, I don't know why, but whatever.
So we watched it, and I had this urge to go to a strip club.
The thing is, they're so fucking expensive. Why do they have to be so expensive?
We'll go to Centerfolds on a Tuesday night, obviously not this Tuesday or next Thursday, it's the holidays.
Go to Centerfolds on a Tuesday night, it's unlimited drinks, bottomless, for $14.
And if you sit in the front row, you won't have to pay like a dollar or something for the strippers.
It's good. It's a good deal. You take 20 bucks, you have fun on that.
I know, I've just done before.
Yeah, I knew.
Look, even I go to a strip club, and we all know.
It's just so fucking- I'm talking about lap dances, okay?
Lap dances are fucking expensive.
Two song minimum, that's $40.
I'll get you a lap dance for Christmas.
That's right.
Don't buy a lap, you have to make it.
Cuz they can't, they can't.
You might get crapped that way.
They're not allowed to actually sit on the lap anymore.
In LA, they have touching. Oh yeah.
Oh dear god. I know where I'm getting dragged.
Oh, no, I'm not dragging you nowhere, because it was at this one place that Eric Punkknight on The Snack Spineboards, his cousin, goes there and reaches that place quite a bit. He knows where it's at, I don't know, so... No need for sure, folks.
Okay, back to me again because I'm slow and I'm coming up with things now.
As for the Tuesday night thing, I hated how good shows always say they leave off in a really suspenseful part like 24 this week.
Yeah, fuck 24.
It's like three weeks on 24. It's like three weeks.
Three weeks.
Three weeks.
Why? Why do they make us wait?
Okay, I'm going to suspense like that for Buffy, but that's because they encountered our cable.
And I didn't see the last episode of Buffy.
Yes, Buffy recorded.
I'm not sure. I don't think it's there.
I'm sorry. 21st episode.
Uh-oh.
Okay, first of all, Buffy is the only good writing that happens to be on TV right now.
Unless you count-
Where does writing come into Buffy?
Shut up and let me finish.
Unless you count Angel or Firefly, which are all written by the same guy, okay?
Yes.
It's like sitting and watching a movie every week. Good writing makes a good show.
You know, Firefly looked like a live-action version of Cowboy Bebop.
A lot with good acting.
Well, not Cowboy Bebop, but Outlaw Star.
I only watched, like, part of the first episode of Outlaw Star.
Well, 24 is the better because...
24 is unique, and it has Kiefer still in it.
The Kiefer's still hot to this day, but I'd still have to go with Bucky. I'm sorry.
No, but actually, I find it funny because, uh, I actually, uh, the Kiefer Southern looks, like, better than Bucky.
Just, I mean, what's your name? Sarah Michelle Gellar?
Okay, but, but...
Like, here's Bucky, er, here's Sarah Michelle Gellar, and here's Kiefer Southern.
But did Kiefer ever do Rocky? Aha, no.
Or do I care?
I did.
Moving right along, this debate won't end if I don't end it now.
24! 24! 24! I'm sending subliminal messages!
24! 24!
Don't make me smack your ass!
You will watch, 24!
I'm still toting boots right now!
Think about it, isn't Buffy on at 8?
No.
They are on at the same time, my bad.
Alright, anyway.
If you're watching 24.
Watch him take one, watch the other, Jesus.
Alright, here we go.
Uh, do I have any FUs left?
I don't think I do. You're right, I don't.
We're gonna, we're so gonna end this show.
No, Jamie, you're starting to steal the microphone!
We have a fight, a fight just broke out.
God, this has been, this has been the Jerry Springer episode of Oregon's Radio.
We've had lesbians, we've had a fight break out.
I've got, I've got the sound samples, I've got TV.
It's gonna be about, ah!
Alright, alright, alright. Ah, jeez, now Panda's getting thrown.
Alright.
Can I, can I, can I do the chat room entries now?
Moving right along.
DSTSS SoCalKick says
Over limit and being $145 total bill
is my F.U.
I don't know what he meant. Oh, credit card? Oh.
Credit card, right?
I have no idea. If he means, like, his bandwidth or credit card or what, I must have missed it.
But he also says, Merry fucking Christmas. I have a broken digital camera and a paid-off cell phone bill along with hair beads and bleach costs.
He must have said, oh, he's pissed at me now because I didn't know what it was.
Ah, that's it. If you're going to yell at me, I'm saving you for last.
Alright, Stresa says he wants to throw out a huge F.U. to his dad for telling mom that he's only going to put $150 into Christmas, and he found out that Woody's applying that $150.
He's putting that cash in his circulation to fix the sink that he broke at least six months ago.
He should be fixing the sink because it needs to be fixed, not do it as a fucking Christmas gift to mom.
Hmm. Interesting.
That's a lame Christmas money.
23rd Magus says, I have a big bah humbug or a fuck you to the Christmas season.
Christmas sucks when you're broke.
Bork the whole fucking season.
He put bork.
Maybe he meant pork, I don't know.
A very accomplished fuck you to Matsuri Japan, I beat you bitch.
Wahaha, cough, okay, out.
The pizza delivery boy and the bandicologist are also hot and to your door in three minutes.
Angel says, F you to the Max 2 machine at Rona Mark Scandia because it stopped taking tokens today. Bad DDR machine.
Come visit our neck of the woods. You'll have some real inks built up in you. Don't worry.
Doc Tetsuya says, F you to himself for not waiting for Max USA to save before switching games.
Shouldn't you save that privately?
What?
Okay.
Anyway, next question.
Okay, I don't...
Good.
I must have missed something.
Good.
Let's go to Brak2000 says, F you to missing the first half of the show since some people came over to try out DDR.
Even though it was a good night for me and I was passing 7-footers, which is a big improvement for me.
Good word.
If anyone wants to know what to give me for Christmas next year, pick up the December 2002 maximum issue, it's page 78. I think you'll be very up.
Is that the bottom of the page?
Fuck the bottom of the page, is that the top of the fucking page?
May I do Vidpower's FUs now?
Yeah.
Okay, Vidpower says,
I'm actually a happy bunny this week, I don't really have any FUs. No FUs for you!
I'm the F U Nazi. Fair enough. Did you hear that? Vidpow says, no FUs for you. He's the
F U Nazi. I was looking at the email, no we do not have anybody email. I'm checking the
last ones that just came in. Our bestest friend in the whole wide world, Quinn, says F U to
getting something that someone else got you for Christmas three days before Christmas.
getting something that someone else like a fruitcake like herpes all right uh 23
maggots yes he said for as in fuck is it screw is an asteroid with 2d x
controller I've never heard the word board used for that before that's
amazing actually the word the word four point ever
port but only one person I know that's the way he's not okay
people at real ultimate power not yet remember they teach they say that real
ninja pork sausage
well they only go on their guitars
and decapitating their mom wow because remember
their power is so great it kicks your mom right in the face
Ow.
Remember, 9 out of 10 winners get their heads cut off by real ninjas.
Twins adding an explanation so we don't keep calling him Herbie Man or whatever we were saying.
Explanation, lives with mom, but dad got him a DVD box set yesterday, the Back to the Future box set,
that his grandma on the other side of the family already got him.
So, that's why you asked for a seat.
You asked for a seat, take it back.
Amen. Get something you really want.
That is the official Orange Lounge advice of the day.
By the way, do take care of this, though.
One of the presents for getting prepared.
Word.
Uh, you have another one, Logie?
Oh, okay, cool.
All right, we're gonna end the FUs of the Week.
That's it. Nail in the coffin. Segment's done.
It is already 8.50.
We're damn near close to the end of the show already,
and you know what we gotta do?
You know what we still gotta do?
Listless.
We gotta do listless, and we gotta do the cage match.
We gotta do them both.
Let's take the opportunity during Cage Match to get our stuff ready for List List.
So tonight's List List, Jamie, tell us about tonight's List List.
Best Benmani song released this year, 2002.
SoCalKicks says I forgot one of his.
I thought I got them all.
I closed your window, SoCal.
I'm sorry.
Send it again.
I'll read it.
I thought I got it.
My bad.
Alright, so we're going to do the cage match while we prepare our list. We're going to do
Best Bamani Song Least in 2002, so it can't be old school. It has to be new school.
We're talking Max II, 8th and 7th style, I believe. 7th style was early this year.
Guitar Freaks.
So, any of those games you can pick for Best Bamani Song of 2002.
Because next week on the show, Jamie, what's gonna happen next week on the show?
We ain't gonna be here.
We ain't gonna be here. We're still sort of debating, I guess, what we're gonna do. We might do a
Best Of.
Someone's cable might be working, namely me.
We'll surprise everybody.
So there's gonna be one of two things happening. There's gonna be a Best Of show or you're gonna get
the Jamie experience.
Yeah. And we're playing all Eurobeat and TAC.
So deal with it!
And I will accept yes.
We take less breaks and do more talking.
Okay, let's get into it.
Last week on the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, we had a winner for two weeks in a row.
This song was the victor of the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Because I'm fucking cool.
Because you are fucking cool.
The winner of the Orange Launch Cage match was...
Jamie, tell us about it, because it was your submission.
It was... this is... by the way, it's not Happy Hardcore, it's just labeled.
Okay, yeah.
Um, but it is the, uh, techno-style remix of the Knight Rider theme.
I remember being in the third grade and drawing pictures of Kit in the middle of class.
Because I thought the part was cool. I hated it because I was off.
Oh! Dang, okay.
I got the real F.U. from SoCal Kicks, and it's huge.
Okay.
I don't know how I missed this.
How did I miss that?
Anyway, okay, wait, we'll go back to FU for a sec.
FU to the lousy as hell goodbye party Kendra had.
Much love to you and your leaving to Japan, but that party sucked.
FU Jackie for still playing games with me and not being sure if things are gonna happen
or not.
FU CyberPixels and not having auto shell access.
Fuck you Pearl for needing shell access and not being able to get PHP image gallery thumbnail
or script to work.
Fuck you Metroid Prime for its vague artifact clues.
Fuck you Ruben for the whole camera deal, even though we got it settled and now I now
I'll have a new digicam and FU cell phone service for only being 200 minutes and me going 463 minutes
All right, we're done. No more FUs. Oh, yes
So here it is. There's a clip of last week's winner the Knight Rider theme song because Jamie says kid is hot
The car was fucking amazing. I I still want to get that car
Alright, here we go. Here's last week's winner.
Alright, Jamie's hoping to make this one three victories in a row, but it's gonna...
And if you love me, you'll vote for it.
It's gonna have to win, and Chat Room, you guys will have the final vote.
Now, we don't play that whole song because it did win the last couple weeks,
so we kind of give it a little bit of a disadvantage.
But you guys are familiar with it because you listen to the show every week, don't you?
But you guys can vote for either that, or you can vote for one of the two new songs.
I'm gonna go ahead and do my entry first, then we'll get to Loki's entry.
My pick for this week is going to be a popular artist, Ayumi Hamasaki.
A lot of you seem to dig her.
And I've got a trance remix of the song, Connected.
This is going to be my entry for this week.
And I like this song because the video reminds me of Bjork, if you've ever seen this video.
It's pretty cool.
It's very Bjork-esque.
Actually, I don't have it.
Brad does.
Our friend Brad here at Wriggle on the show, he has it.
But this is going to be it.
So here's our first entry in the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
This is Sayumi Hamasaki with a trance remix.
I'm not sure of the remix name, but it's called Connected.
So here, enjoy.
Mi te mette, mi te mette, mi te sele te iru Te mo mi akete, mi kekete, mi kurepe iru
Me too can't take, me too damn it.
Me too made it, me too made it.
Me too so what do you do?
Tell me I can't take, me too can't take, me too damn it.
I'm not leaving you, me too whatever, me too whatever.
Hello!
Hey, we're back!
Hey, how'd you like that one?
That was Ayumi Hamasaki with Connected, the latest entry into the Orange Lounge Cage match,
where the winning song, voted by you in the chatroom, gets put into regular rotation on
Orange Lounge Radio for the next week.
So, last week's winner was Knight Rider, you can vote for that.
This week we have Yumi Hamasaki with Connected, or, lowkey, what's the next track?
Um, the next track is going to be from the wonderful...
Wait, I'm sorry, I have to interrupt you because we didn't get feedback on the Yumi Hamasaki.
Sorry, we have to do the feedback part.
Jamie, what did you think of that one?
I like how you made the best one because it was more repetitive, and I'd have to say...
Honey, Black Lab.
Um, a little bit of that, I didn't hear it because I went to the bathroom real quick.
uh...
that was a great like
uh...
uh...
i'll look at that
uh...
i'm going to go ahead and get it i'm actually not going to have it is headed
to go with my own head i'm going to give it about me too i do like to talk to
people of your kids
uh... it is a little bit
and uh... i hope it's a problem
I hope that the chat room gets their way, whatever they play.
Alright, now Loki, I'm sorry, you can do your...
Alright, now this is going to become a trainer because I forget which track is on the CD, but what it is, is it's actually a song from the...
Well, not really a hit movie, but it's a cool movie, Run Lola Run.
This is Believe by Franca Potente, you also might have seen her in Resident Evil, she was the main character.
Actor and singer.
Now this, oh this is going to be cool because I like running all around. Let's hear this.
Alright.
But now I have to intro this. This, um, the sample you're in here are actually the whole, uh, song.
It's got part of another song in the beginning of it because this is on one of my mix CDs that I actually mixed together.
So, it, it doesn't cut off anything in the song because the song begins with dialogue in German, so it doesn't really matter, but...
Okay, we're going to make sure this is the right one, okay?
Yeah.
Here we go, here we go.
I don't believe in trouble. I don't believe in love.
I don't believe there's nothing left but running here again
I don't believe in promise, I don't believe in chance
I don't believe you can resist the things that make you so
I don't believe in silence, for silence it feels low
I don't believe in energy, the tension is too low
I don't believe in panic, I don't believe in fear
I don't believe in prophecy, so don't waste any tears
I don't believe reality would be the way it should
But I believe in fantasy if you just understood
I don't believe in history, I don't believe in truth
But don't believe justice to me, it's not an issue of use
I don't believe there's nothing left of running here again
I don't believe you promise, I don't believe you chance
Adopting the energy, the temperature is too low
Adopting the energy, the energy is here
I don't give a fuck about this and it's still so close to my face
God, God
And while I am in this place, I will not be able to find you
And I just can't tell you how many times you've gone, gone, gone
Drop my skills, drop it, drop it, let's do it, let's go
I wonder what you got, got, what you need, I'm fine, fine
Can I get a sentence?
I'm not the one that really liked it
I'm just too young to tell you better
I'm not the one that really liked it
I'm just too young to tell you better
All right, that was the end of that one because that was part of a kind of a Megamix CD.
So, there you have it. Your three entries for this week's Cage Match. You have Knight
Rider, last week's victor, two weeks in a row. Ayumi Hamasaki with Connected, and that
track was Believe. What'd you think of Believe, Jamie?
Um, I think it would've put me to sleep, had I gotten to do it. Um, I think it was a good
one. Seven. Seven for Jamie. Black Lab.
I'd kind of like to be gay, but then it kind of starts over with a little bit of a cut to the end.
But, I'll just kind of keep going, give it an eight and a half.
Eight and a half, Loki.
I like that song, because I like that movie. The movie is really sweet, and every time I hear that song it makes me think of the movie, so I'll give it a ten.
Alright, I do like that song, it was cool. I agree with Black Lab, it started off better than it ended.
It was a little, I thought it was more repetitive than the Yumi track.
But it does remind me of Run Little Run which kicked a lot of ass, so I'm gonna give that one an 8 as well.
So, that was Believe. So now you can send your votes to us right now in the chat room.
Just private message them to me, you can vote for Knight Rider, Connected, or Believe.
And we will count up your votes during this next break.
If they don't vote for Knight Rider, David Hasselhoff will cry.
list before the show's over so uh join us we'll be right back eventually unless we take a nap
I give up?
It's all about the Andes Indias, baby
Uh huh, feel
Uh huh, feel
All about Emilia
All about Emilia
What you wanna do? Wanna be hackers? Cold crackers, slackers? Wasting time with all the chap who yakkers?
Nine to five, chillin' at new detectors? Workin' at a desk with a dumb little placard?
Yeah, bein' the bills with my mass programming skills?
Yeah, I'm fraggin' my hard drive for thrills. I got me a hundred gigabytes around.
I never beat trolls and I don't reach them. Install the two online in my house.
Always at my PC, double clickin' on my Ms. House
Upgrade my system, at least twice a day I'm frickin' plug and play
I ain't afraid of YTK, I'm down to build gates
I call em' money for sure, phone em' up at home
Man, I make em' do my tech support, it's all about the opinions
You gotta be the dumbest dudey I've ever seen
You've got Wyatt out all over your screen
You think your Commodore 64 is really neato
What kind of chip you got in there, a Dorito?
You're usin' a 286, don't make me laugh
Your window boots up and what a day and a half
You can back up your whole hard drive on a floppy diskette
You're the biggest joke on the internet
Your database is a disaster
Your wax and your modem tryin' to make it go faster
Hey fella, I bet you're still living in your parents' cellar
Downloading pictures of Sarah Michelle Gellar
And posting me too like some brain-dead AOL-er
I should do the world a favor and cast you like Old Yeller
Your just about as useless as jpegs to Helen Keller
My new computer's got the cards that rock, but it was obsolete before I opened the box.
You say you've had your desktop for over a week?
Throw that junk away, man, it's an antique.
Your laptop is a month old?
Well, that's great, if you could use a nice, heavy, and paper weight.
My digital media is right protection.
Every file inspected, no virus is detected
I beta tested every operating system
Gave props to some and others I dissed them
While your computer crashes, mine's multitasking
It does all my work without me even asking
Got a black screen monitor, 40 inches wide
I believe that your test and your sketch on the side
In a 32-bit world, you're a 2-bit user
You've got your own news crew, own total loser
Your motherboard melts when you try to send a fax
Once you get your CPU in a box or cracker jack
Pray me I'm lying well you know that I'll beat you
If I ever meet you I'll control, I'll lead you
What, what
What better
Than fooling anyone else
Jamie, do another spur of the moment promo for us, please.
If you don't listen to Orange Lounge Radio, you're a fucking loser.
Alright, we're back. Thank you for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Unfortunately, we just had a DSL lapse right there. I don't know what happened.
Suddenly, I lost. I was wondering, why hasn't the chatroom said anything for the past two minutes?
And we just dropped stream, unfortunately, and you guys all got dropped to come back, but our bus has gone down a little bit.
Go figure. Go figure. I don't know. That was weird.
I apologize to Chat Room. 25 shows and that's never happened to us, though.
On Understation Live, that used to happen every other week.
I've been there for that a couple of weeks.
Yeah, so I apologize to you guys. Just reconnect. We should be back now.
and I'm taking the last votes. I may have missed some of your votes. I may have missed
some of your votes for... did I count that one already? I think I did. I just got one
last vote. This is interesting now because since I had a lap stare, I got some last-minute
votes for the cage match, and that's caused it to have a tie.
Damn you.
Fight my ass.
Fight my ass. So wait a minute, this is very interesting.
We have a tie now. Both edged out Knight Rider by one
vote each. Die. Connected has three votes, Believe has three votes. We've never had a
tie. I get to break the tie.
On this show. No. No, the way the tie is going to be broken is now
we collectively here get to break the tie. We're gonna add votes one at a time
between... All four of us. All four of us. So we might tie again and then in that case we'll have to
get the people who voted for Knight Rider to re-vote.
I think we should just do Rock, Paper, Scissors.
Yes, in that case, if we tie again, we're going to do Rock, Paper, Scissors.
But let's see, we're going to add votes here in the room.
So this is between Connected and Believe.
You're going to vote for your own song.
You're going to let Jamie pick?
Because Black Lab wants to vote too.
Okay, well we'll assume that Loki and I each vote for the songs we put in.
So we cancel each other out.
So, Jamie?
How about this?
I vote for Knight Rider.
You pulled the point.
Okay, you write down your answer on a piece of paper, you write down your answer on a piece of paper, then we do it.
Because otherwise we don't want one person's answer askew in the other.
We don't want you to intentionally fucking it up.
How am I going to fuck this up?
Alright, I did get the last two votes came in right after that lapse
from people who hadn't voted yet. I got the rest of your votes, I'm pretty sure.
So, here we go.
Okay, you got your written down, Black Lab? Okay.
Let's see Jamie's. Oh, Black Lab's got one vote there.
And guess what, ladies and gentlemen, we have another tie.
Nope, nope. This is rock, paper, scissors time, junkin' between myself and Loki.
Here we go. Ready? Here we go, here we go, here we go.
Ready? One, two, three. Oh!
Scissors, cuts, paper, and connected wins.
Very close, though. Very close. That means next week I have to pick a song that's going to last another two weeks.
Yep, that means Jamie. But Jamie, you do have the longest rankings, really, because that holiday show we had there, too,
or those week we didn't do it, it was three weeks.
All right, so connected wins the cage match by by by a hair literally so
There it is
Okay, now we're gonna go right into listless
We got to hurry up and do this segment because we're almost out of time, but we're gonna do listless tonight
So I got to clear out all these windows Jamie. Tell them about tonight's listless. Um, this listless is gonna be
the best
Bemani song that was released in 2002
which is going to be Guitar Freak's 8th mix
Drummania's 7th
Bemania the final
2DX's 7th came out
yeah 7th came out this year
yeah it was early this year
8th style
and Max 2
okay so all those things, also guitar
Max U.S.A? Yeah, Max U.S.A.
GuitarFreak's uh...
I already named it.
I forgot about Max U.S.A. That might actually change my list a little bit.
Although you probably put the song I'm thinking of.
I forgot about Max U.S.A. That's a good one.
Uh...
You also...GuitarFreak's seventh mix would count too.
As well as Beatmania's seventh mix, I believe.
Which is also being mentioned to me that Beatmania...
BeatMania 3 in the final as well, which is being mentioned to me also, by the way, to
remind everybody that it's coming out on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day.
Well, not DDR Extreme, but BeatMania 7th for the home system.
Is it the final or is it 7th?
It's coming out for the home system.
Yeah, final is going to be next year.
All right, so here we go.
Best Bae Money song of 2002, Jamie, or we always start with Jamie.
We'll start with Black Lab tonight.
We're going to start with Black Lab tonight.
Okay, starting off with my number three, I listened to it, I kind of liked athletic songs
before, just like from like beat stage, fifth, sixth, so he was two, but what I heard when
they finally made the move to seven key in eighth style, the War Game was one of my favorites
now.
Huh?
That's my number three.
Your game is his number three choice.
Loki!
Okay.
Um, it's one of my favorite songs on BeatMania 2DX and I made a sim file for it.
The sound of goodbye.
The sound of goodbye.
That's a good song.
Jamie!
What's your number three pick?
Guideca.
Guideca!
Did I smell it right?
Yes?
Uh, yeah.
Okay.
I think it's two Cs.
Two Cs.
I did put two Cs, yes.
Is it Guideca or Guideca or...
my dad
okay my bad
my number three pick uh... was also the sound of goodbye i also put that as my
number three pick
pick something different um...
i'm afraid that you're
is here you go how about uh... you leave me alone
i'll be funny was let's talk about that you leave me alone
from uh... max you say
i'd never have an alternative to my number two choice
It is the Guitar Freaks version of Breakdown.
Sounds much better than the TDR version.
Plus it has a funny little video thing.
Now this is top Bomani game, or Bomani music?
Oh, okay.
Bomani music.
Alright, this year.
Alright, um...
Let's change his mind then.
Vanity Angel.
you're a mix too
very interested in your extreme
well
because i am tax bitch is gravity
gravity
excellent choice
course because i chose it
straight so you cannot vote for a big please not so quick that's like four
years old.
I'm older than that!
I'm older than God.
Okay, um...
There was a version of, um, uh, Do It All Night that was on, uh, BeatMania 5th Mix.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Shmup!
Yes, hi, hello.
Uh, my number two pick is, uh, The Beauty of Silence from 2DX 7th Style.
I love that song.
This is a pretty silent list.
The beauty of silence.
All of this silence and leaving people alone.
Oh, yay.
Well, okay. My next one is actually something that sounded good at first, but then the next version of it that was released was better.
It's another one from 2DX8 style. It's the another version of Murmur Twins.
The piano scales in that song own you.
Alright, that's your number one pick. Best but money song all year, eh?
Alright, cool. Good song.
Well, it was a really good song. The steps could have been better.
It's Dark Black Forest.
Word. That would have been on my list.
My number one song is not a tax song, nor is it Sakura.
Gasp. Gasp.
very interesting i've had that song on repeat for i'm surprised it wasn't
burning heat i was expecting you to put burning heat you know as much as i love
burning heat and i actually crossed out soccer
just because i can't i have to that's too cliche
she can't be that cliche i had to pick it on musical merit and as much as i
love burning heat i've gotten really tired of hearing
burning heat i mean because like i went home after um i
We showed Dan that video, the video for Burning Heat from 2DX, and he was freaking playing Gradius 2, and, you know, I love Gradius 2, I love Burning Heat, but 0-1 is just so much of a better song.
Alright. Fair enough. Did Power Expressing surprise the sacred and make the list?
Well, it's not really that good of a song.
Alright, alright, fair enough.
It's the whole similarity between that and the Max 300.
My pick, my number one choice and the last entry here on our list, I love this song,
it fucking rules, V35 is my number one choice.
I love that song.
Here is the list so far before we eliminate one from the list.
War Game, Sound of Goodbye, Guideca, You Leave Me Alone, The Guitar Fricks Version Breakdown,
Van of the Angel, Gravity, Beauty of Silence, Murmur Twins Another, Dark Black Forest, Zero One, and B35.
Alright, those are things we're getting smacked for, so there you go.
Smack them back with the sneaky trowel.
Yeah, smack them back with our list, here we go.
Now we gotta eliminate, here we go. Black Lab, you're first.
Okay, this is a tough one here.
Let's see, between two songs on there, the one that I gotta take off, I just, I've heard it on the radio too much.
And, frankly, I'm not too fond of it in 2DX either. It's the sound of goodbye, so I'm asking that.
YouSuck.com. YouSuck.
Here we go already, starting to eliminate all of Loki's list. This seems to happen every week.
I wish there was a ban against this group. Bye-bye, Breakdown. YouSuckass.
But it's a good song!
picking new songs. So, yeah.
Oh wow, Dark Black Forest goes bye bye, I'm actually really surprised.
Now, as tempting as it is to remove Vanity Angel because that was my
impulse choice, I really, I can't do that to Loki, I can't,
and there's another one here staring me in the face that I can't let on, be on
this list because I think it's just overplayed and overrated, I'm getting rid of War Game.
game.
And Rob and I have come out of this unscathed.
I wouldn't say that completely because two of those choices were on my list, and I replaced
them with other things.
So I think Jamie once again, Jamie, you have this tendency to come through the listless
segments without any of your songs getting eliminated.
I told you, I have good taste.
We have to plot against her one night and just take off all of her choices just to spider
her.
As I kick you in the head repeatedly.
People have worse taste than you do.
That would be everybody in this room.
Hey!
Okay.
I was trying to be funny.
It worked.
The end.
Well, let's just get the vote on.
Alright, let's get your vote on.
Jamie, would you like to read this list one more time?
Actually, I'm going to paste it in the chatroom, and then you can read it, and then people
can start sending me their votes.
Alright.
Here it goes.
Gudecca, You Leave Me Alone, Vanity Angel, Gravity, Beauty of Silence, Rumor Twins, Another, Zero One, and V35.
Best Bamani song of 2002? Might I point out, not a single one of those songs from Max 2.
Not a single one.
Gasp! I almost put Sandstorm on there.
Three.
But it's overplayed, and the only reason I like Sandstorm is because of Children of the Sandstorm.
Yeah, Children of the Sandstorm was good, but I have grown to hate Sandstorm now after hurting it six times in one day.
I think, well, I don't think you were listening, but that one, a couple, like a week ago...
Oh yeah, I heard about that.
Six times in one day, in different places, and I was going to kill myself by hurting it again.
I heard the same thing happen to one of my happy hardcore picks.
The picks from Happy To Be Hardcore.
What song is it that I like?
Like, the flowers need the rain.
I need you, baby.
No, I know which one it was.
It was...
Let the music play.
It wasn't Innovate.
It was one of the other ones.
I don't remember.
Let Me Play.
It was Let Me Play.
But anyway.
Start voting.
Start voting.
In the meantime, we're going to play something.
I have a suggestion.
Darktentia, he's pretty sad and pissy that we didn't put Rainbow Flyer on the list.
So I thought maybe, since it's on the 2DX8-style soundtrack,
there's a long version of Rainbow Flyer.
Maybe we can play that?
That's good for you.
Just satisfy him.
All right.
We're going to play the long version of Rainbow Flyer.
The long version Rainbow Flyer is kind of long.
So I think, you know what?
No, the long version Rainbow Flyer is a little bit too long,
and it has Santa in it.
I don't know.
I like Santa.
But actually, we're almost at the end of the show,
so we've got to keep this break short.
So we're going to play the short version of Rainbow Flyer,
and we'll play the short version of Burning Heat.
And we will come right back to finish this up, this show.
Enjoy, send me your votes right now, now, now, now.
We're back, and guess what?
We've had so many ties on our list tonight, this is a very hard one.
This is like an everything tide.
This is like an everything's tide.
We want to take everybody's number two pick.
So, send me your second choice, a second song you would vote for.
Here's the list one more time for your viewing pleasure in the chat room.
And, Jamie, you want to read that one more time?
Redeca, You Leave Me Alone, Fan of the Angel, Gravity, Beauty of Silence,
Murmur Twins, Another, Zero, One, and Y35.
V35.
That's okay.
So everybody that's already voted send us your number two pick
So we'll take your number two pick and add a vote for that and hopefully we'll be able to break the tie and get a
winner in the meantime
We're gonna play one more song that was suggested the best momani song of 2002
However, it wasn't released in 2002, but just because we're funny
Huh, we're going to play it. Anyway. Oh look Loki sleeping
Okay, he's just resting his eyes. Okay, here it is. Enjoy.
You are so sweet and I'm gonna hit you You're the one, you're the one that I need
Oh yeah, yeah, they do to me
I'm easy, I'm easily
They look like they want you back
Yeah, yeah, yeah, all night I want you
And you know I know I'm
I'm ready to go
Oh Nicki's not your baby
You know I won't admit
I'ma be like in heaven
Just like in heaven
Oh Nicki loves to be
You know the likes you say
I'll be your ever
Ever
Nick it, Nick it, Nick it, Nick it Baby let's come together
I wanna feel you as long as I can
Head over heels, I'm just breaking your heels
So give me some water to see how it feels
I'm jumping, wanna go do the job
Having sex is gonna be an awful day
I can't stand no more, never dealing
Haven't before, gentle diving
Feeling the wow, I'm coming, coming, coming right now
Oh Nick, please don't you pray, you know I wanna be
I can handle you just like in heaven
Oh Nick, you're not for me, you know that makes me say
I'll be here forever, ever
Nicki, Nicki, Nicki, Nicki
Baby, let's come together
I wanna feel you as long as I can
Nicki no quickie
Wait till you feel I'm ready
Please hold me tight
In the dark of the night
Oh Nicki so so big
You know I want it big
I wanna be like in heaven
Just like in heaven
Oh, Nicki loves to play
You know that makes you sing
I'll reveal you forever, ever
Nicki, Nicki, Nicki, Nicki
Baby, let's come together
Cause I wanna feel you as long as I can
Oh, oh, oh, Nicky, Nicky, Nicky, Nicky
Goodnight, Nicky
Rock Over London, Rock Over Chicago, Orange Lounge Radio, it's a good place to listen
to the music. You're listening to Orange Lounge. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha. I forget how to
Whoop!
I forget how to set that thing to do this.
Rayvar.
Turn off lights and do that.
It's pretty cool.
Rayvar.
Anyway, here we are, back with the list.
Uh, Loki.
Loki, you're going to read this list for us.
Tell our listening public what came in third place for the Best Bomani Song of 2002.
3rd place was Vanity Angel from Euro Mix 2.
Woooooot!
Black Lab wanted to delete that too.
2nd best Beymani song of 2002.
Gravity from 7th Style?
Yep, 7th Style. Woot.
And this is very surprising to me, but it did win by quite a few votes.
It was most people's 2nd pick. I was a little surprised at this.
So it got a lot of tiebreak votes.
The number 1 Beymani song of 2002.
me alone from DDR USA or Max USA. Not USA. Not DDR USA.
So You Leave Me Alone, the number one balani song in 2002, what do you guys think of that?
I disagree. I totally disagree. But it's cool.
It's all about Kachaka. Zero one.
War Gang got erased. I'm sorry. Did I do that?
Well guess what guys? It's the end of the show. We're pretty much, we're wrapping up.
We are all out of show.
Oh no, we out of show.
So um, I guess now is the point where I ask everybody, what is your final thought of the
day?
Jamie, what is your final thought of the day?
I want one of those Rayvar light thingies.
You want a Rayvar light?
Maybe for Christmas, Jamie, I will find you a Rayvar light.
Um, okay.
Okay.
Loki?
Actually, I know what I want.
Black Lab, your final thought of the day.
No, no, there's something else I want.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry?
I want the leather-bound hardcover copy of Grimm's Fairy Tales.
Leather.
Oh yes, Black Lab, are you done? I'm sorry?
Uh, yeah.
Okay, Black Lab, your final thought of the day?
Final thoughts, I'm coming out of my chocolate high now. Yay.
Um, now I get to sleep and then wake up at 7am and drive home.
Okay, that's it?
I think that's it for him.
And my final thought is,
Oh! This is my favorite show!
This is my favorite show!
It's my favorite shoe!
He's thinking it's a fortune cookie, or something.
No we have a fortune cookie.
We already have a fortune cookie.
Dedicated to the Holidays.
Dedicated to Holidays.
Uh, my final thought of the day is, um,
Lord of the Rings was very big.
Very, very big.
First of all, Lord of the Rings is the name of the trilogy.
The Two Towers was very big.
Now the whole trilogy, I would agree, is very big.
Yes, that's what I meant. The whole trilogy is very big.
Or the Rings Part 2, the quest for more money.
That's baseball's part two.
Word.
And I guess the only other final thought I can think of to...
Oh, you do, Jamie?
Yeah, I actually have one more. It's a realization.
Anybody who's ever a Mel Brooks fan, anyone ever noticed that this song at the end of History of the World Part 1, the Jews in Space song, is the exact same tune that was used in Robin Hood Men in Tights for the Men in Tights song?
I did not know that.
It's the same tune?
The Jews in Space, is that it?
Yeah, but it's the same tune as the Men in Tights song.
Fascinating.
I thought of one more thing to say, Zing.
Word!
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Okay children, gather around.
Now since Eric Cartman can't seem to remember the words to Oh Holy Night,
we're going to use a little shock therapy.
I'm going to give one of you children this cattle prod,
and if Eric forgets any words, just shock him a little, okay?
Who wants the prod?
Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me!
Here you go Kyle, why don't you take it?
Sweet!
Okay Eric, whenever you're ready.
Hey! What was that for? I didn't screw up!
No, Kyle, you can't shock him unless he forgets the words.
Sorry, Mr. Garrison.
Oh, how we know the stars are brightly shining It is the day of our dear Savior's day
Oh, how in the...
Jesus!
Jesus was born, and so we give praise.
Singing
I remember that whole chorus didn't even have to...
Mystic!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
